hey guys oh my gosh surprise we have an
extra buck today because I have such
something that I can open I have been
waiting to announce this for such a long
time you guys don't even know I am going
on tour
yeah that was happening I'm going on the
girlfriend tour with both green live as
most of you or some of you know I
actually did the tour last year you're
not familiar with it it's basically this
huge tour that goes on every year with
different girl influencers and I did it
last year they asked me to do it again
this year and I said yes right away so I
was so excited I had such a fun time
last year so if you want to come
definitely buy tickets like Tuesday the
link is in the downbar to buy tickets we
can have because we can fix all things
together I'm so excited
hashtag met Phoebe so if you saw my
blogs a couple weeks ago I mentioned I
was working on a secret project this is
what that secret project was so I did
get some vlog footage like behind the
scenes so I'm going to insert all that
right now hang on Saturday is Monday and
today's what's gonna be a little
different because um we're kind of doing
a secret shoot no one knows what this is
for and I know it as no matter what
don't write oh my god dry hair don't use
that clip ha ha ha ha ha anything no
wait for it
friendship goal I think I'm gonna upload
this vlog like one we announced so then
I can talk about it for you to predict
this is what we're doing yeah this is
the room
ready
right now we are filming a behind the
scenes and it is going to be good right
now we're coming a video and this is
going to just fog is coming out the data
in the video comes out so don't watch it
Thanks
we got the lighting out so today we are
filming you behind the scenes of we
promo video outfit change number 200
outfit of the day Nikki here and that
outfit of the day Nikki I did output LED
okay Topshop
Ben Outfitters Urban Outfitters brandy
melville Topshop Yama's look a booby I'm
wearing a white feather dress and I'm
like a little Swan right now you are a
little fun and a joker I got in a
vintage shop and I'm a new hair everyone
I'm freezing Nikki why are we so cold so
you guys I'm announcing my Hendrickson
your upcoming album it's called a
Hennessy and how are you okay so it's a
lunchtime and we got a salad and I'm so
delighted
it's still a whole new show so if you
went last year it's gonna be even more
better this year so buy tickets right
now go do it there's a whole bunch of
new cities that we're going to also
we're going to 24 cities or even going
to Toronto we're going to so many places
so they're all in the description so if
you're close to any one of the cities
that I listed in the description or here
on the screen then definitely go buy
tickets right now and let me know if
you're coming because I want to meet as
many of you guys as I can and I just
like I'm so excited so yeah I love you
guys so so so so so so much I hope you
liked this little exciting announcement
and I will see you guys really soon with
another vlog and yeah bye guys mwah
