good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 22 christmas is coming so fast
finally have presents under the tree it
likes you
although still never finished decorating
it so there's always next year of course
we got our coffee I have my merry and
bright cup hey yay also it is freezing
outside so big surprise I'm going to sit
here and get some editing dots put this
right here
luckily I was productive and got I
edited this vlog like I rough cut it
already so I just have to do like a few
little things like the thumbnail and
whatnot but should be up pretty soon
which is exciting
you guys lock us up blah blah
welcome to the office that's a very
messy boom fogs up go watch it my
computer died otherwise I'd show you the
screen huh oops
so anyways Alisha is hungry so let's get
some breakfast wow you look so small in
this whole frame right now you look so
cute let's put on some makeup dun dun
dun
it still looks hella messy but I totally
clean my vanity last night and I
actually clean my closet too it's just
getting so wait I want to plug this in
coz every time I've been doing my makeup
lately
I've been sitting here realizing ding I
should have plugged that it boom
Christmas decor makes me so happy I'm
gonna be so sad but I have to take all
of it down I feel like the house finally
looks complete with it all oh hey this
is me just sitting here trying to see if
this angle is good for when I do my
makeup hopefully it looks good okay but
you know I put all my brushes hold up
one second okay upbeat time so that I
see my makeup I really want to try out
the new eyeshadow palette that I got
yesterday from Too Faced is the gold
chop chocolate gold pal
I just I'm obsessed with this papa
they're all like super super super
shimmery I'm just I'm excited
also low-key um I this is how extra I am
I bolted in a tripod to my wall so you
guys can sit here all the time I do my
makeup crazy or the borderline genius I
want to put them everywhere like
throughout the house so I can just like
have certain angles that I use anyways
I'm gonna watch some YouTube videos
while I put on some makeup
and make it a stun except for my lips I
always I just never do my legs oh my god
this is cute color let's do this I think
that's because honestly like I usually
do my makeup but I'm drinking coffee so
just makes no sense
now wait did you guys like that setup
they like the makeup setup please let me
know be honest - it's okay but I'm about
to put tripods all over my house
just like everywhere so it is currently
ten 10:55 a.m. and I actually have a
nail appointment in about an hour
because I don't know if you can see this
my nails I need to get my nails done
it's so bad that needs to happen okay
guys update time it is currently 11:26
PA ma ma like I said I have a nail
appointment and a little bit but I
wanted to get Chloe's I'm like so I'm
more excited for I think shopping for
her than almost anyone I'm not even I'm
very excited right now about to go full
ma so let's go oh my god I'm so excited
I'm also like fully bumming it today oh
I totally passed it that's awkward huh
oh my god you guys don't worry I'm not
gonna be that okay I might be that mom
oh my god we got some presents so I
didn't find the main thing that I was
looking for but I did find her some dog
toys that are so freakin cute I can't
totally remind me of Gabi so you so
anyways I'm gonna toss these in here and
then we can get my nails done so many
options I think I might do like a panic
I think I might do like a pink color I'm
kind of for that I know changing it up
nails are dying oh there's a smudge hold
on Daly lens cleaning arsenal ones cut
for this but I'm too lazy nails are done
I you guys I got hostile version of mod
about you so it's a light light light
sheer pink color but I really like it my
nails needed it so bad like so bad yes
still want to go get Chloe one more
thing so I'm going to go do that there's
a place like not too far from here that
I think will have it um so let's go
check that out
yes oh my god I haven't heard tender
greens in like a minute
I am so excited
we got a salad some salmon then we got
the freakin best veggie kinder greens
has the best girl veggies ever there's
whole freakin good I don't know what
they pose no but it's so good okay
testing testing testing testing hey what
is up guys so such an entrance I know
right so I have some cousins that we're
gonna wrap Chloe I got you presents
today you are going to love them yeah
you're gonna love them I stopped to get
you a few more things don't worry
anyways okay so also forgot the vlog but
got some coffee but this is not
Starbucks we didn't put the vlogmas on
it and don't have a present for my dad I
have a so excited I also have a present
for John Murray oh oh we're good we're
good we're good
I thought the wrong thinking oh that
stresses me out for a hot second okay I
also got myself something oh that's not
gonna fit in this box we'll be right
back
I found the box that is gonna be way
better then we have no one that I had
okay I got a box oh my god yay wrapping
Christmas presents y'all oh my god I am
so excited for her to open it I'm
definitely got a vlogger opening it so
worried I need to wrap this
thank you I did it too short literally
the worst thing ever - yeah yeah ribbon
all over this
all rap I still would like to do some
very last-minute shopping tonight and I
know specifically what I want to get so
it should be pretty easy in fact
literally make everything so much easier
that's all I have to say there's that
net
yeah I am last present is wrapped wait
wouldn't be Larry saw this huge bow
present what is up you guys so it is a
lot later it's currently 10:40 a to be
so proud of me and I just edited this
entire vlog I honestly just do so much
better when I edit vlogs at night I feel
like I'm just like it helps me so much
more house few vlogs I've been trying to
edit at night I wanted to end this vlog
because it's kind of long and I feel
like I should end it at someone's say
good night so that way I can get this
video all ready for you guys in the
morning
yeah I love you guys so much and I'll
see you tomorrow hi I'm coffee I was
kind of selfish and low-key the whole
time I was like oh I want coffee and I
was like bullish and she wants
everything bug mistakes point oh no you
tell me no no I knew you were gonna do
something like a fake
