good morning guys come on come on come
on oh good morning guys currently
watching me as vlogs timings and yeah I
just got up yesterday's vlogs you should
go watch that
and yes I figured I'd start a vlog
because the point Elina
why not there it is what am i doing
filming shopping and girls night yeah
boom blow up like no other right right
okay so hair makeups done change my
outfits I forget the last thing that I
blogged completely was it even the first
clip do I have I bought anything else um
I don't know I don't know but yeah I
took a shower I missed a gem
chica shower I blow-dry my hair so I
just blow dried it straight and I feel
like like I don't know it looks more I
don't know yeah so yeah also wearing
fake lashes today they're a little like
BAM so a little more than usual lately I
have like not really been wearing makeup
that much I'll be havin where I make it
but not as much makeup so now it feels
like it's like too much changing it up
you know also obsessed with this
highlight champagne pop Jacqueline Hill
oh my gosh it's amazing anyways let's
film I'm filming intro for next week's
video next week's video then tomorrow is
bull filming day because Mia and I took
on a challenge you're like you know what
we're gonna film a whole video Saturday
and we're gonna upload it on Sunday yeah
pretty intense um but it's a cool it's
cool you guys are gonna love it
I am already like obsessed with it I
love it some I'm just got a filament you
know so so yeah and then some thrown
guys what up I'm still um what do I say
what do you seen in truth hey guys what
up hey guys how are you doing what's up
I'm awake horse I'm filming cars filming
this video the behind the scenes on this
video is epic so you have to check out
my second channel if you haven't already
hey guys what up so I'm so sorry that's
this is a two day blog - yeah tea day
vlog sorry yeah I literally have like no
photos yesterday so I figured I'll just
combine it with today's because today is
a very very exciting there you wonder
why there's a very exciting day Hymie
Weiss an exciting day um I don't know me
because you're here hey the memes is
here we are filming a collab it's been
when was watching we did just us like a
compa just us
Black Friday Black Friday that was only
time ago that was a fun one it was a
haul - yeah yeah anyone remember that
comment um
um a heart emoji if you remember that
and we are going to make sure that it
gets up tomorrow to Sunday so it's going
to be a very busy productive amazing day
I'm very excited haven't had coffee yet
I'm sure I'm going to need it later the
day you're watching this is the day that
the videos go up is a very small
timeframe where you'll be able to guess
what the video is but if not definitely
go watch it it's like honestly probably
one my favorite videos that I've
uploaded recently actually like in a
long time
yeah I haven't but um I filmed two of
them and it'll be good so we're
currently we are currently getting ready
me as you can make up over there I'm
doing my makeup over here I'm just
watching em at Remy's log hey ma'am I
need a tripod for my camera yeah I'm
gonna use this password journal thing
and it still feels short no I could like
lean over that's the thing so I was just
doing my makeup and yet what's new guys
I miss you I feel like I don't know what
am i what am i what am I even saying
right now like it's been a while since
I've done a vlog where I just say I
don't know I'm not making any sense
that's cool it's cool
I'm just gonna shut up now and finish my
makeup
okay so makeup is done hair is done and
I changed my top I'm still on my PGM
so my Matt but let's see well every
youtuber does that don't feel so cool I
mean hi hey khlo hi mama
you're going out I like that you're here
oh my god it's Coffee time I need a
coffee time song talk time it's coffee
time that's good like something real
quick yes
Coffee time so we're filming an intro
we're filming an intro drinking my
coffee like drinking my coffee yeah I
love how you just know I don't have to
tell you what to say you just know what
to say I'm here cool yeah Oh guys Mia is
here hi you know what that means she's
gonna be so epic like I'm really excited
gonna thought about you hi that's dope
dope too hectic so cool videos every now
and then I think you're funny I mean oh
where are we we are in target shopping
because well actually we're gonna film a
scene real quick um yeah yeah yeah oh
there's my behave eating scene I fit in
an extra-large last time I was here I
did the truck target challenge I failed
you should try to do the target
challenge me you notice I don't thought
I was like wait I'm gonna be here for 45
minutes like I can't do friends I was
watching the vlog and I was like how's
it only four minutes I'm like how did
she go people just say they like seeing
like the bloopers more like the behind
the thing longer clothes hey okay
anyways we're gonna come within OPEC
okay so I'm gonna guess that gives them
where did that come from
oh maybe here what happened here we'll
never know sweet barbecue
what's up with these new flavors oh my
gosh
nice heaven we are and talk kiss oh me
oh me so you're like the wristlet thing
is on my other wrist so I'm trying to
hold it that's why both my arms are out
like hi every time we are getting some
shots done go on smooth going good I'm
really excited for this video
hey khlo are you for this video babe
now these I'm not in it yet umm well you
will be may be good that chin look at
that chin guess who's at the pool again
for the like 10th time this week but
plot twist
it's totally raining that's cool it was
feeling like summer not no more but it's
cool it's cool features gonna be really
funny like both of our videos
Karp guys guess what I ordered boy oh I
did it I ordered another Kylie lip kit I
got Posey K everyone has talked about
this one I have coke okay this one's a
little more peeing some real excited to
try it up and I also surprised Mia and
got her Kourt K which is a darker one
you welcome so you'll have to see her
vlog if you want to see her opening Z
present and um and yes so yeah yeah all
my food I tried really hard to get um
apply it job oh hi Tim hello oh it's
green
good ball hey hey guys update times it's
been a while I'm so sorry I just feel
like mmm-hmm I feel like this vlog has
been unbelievably scattered because
we've been working all day but I'm
really excited we finished and you guys
took a little long it it'll it will be
up today the day you were watching this
tomorrow Sunday yes and it's even more
excited because it's a collab with memes
so yes it's currently 8:35 p.m. Mia is
gonna head home soon I'm just gonna edit
tonight video can be up for you guys
tomorrow
really bye mean fine I'll see you soon I
used to enjoy how well oh I'm not gonna
be Michael thank you I'm not going
maybe okay Mimi Cousteau oh my gosh it
is midnight and I got the video 90%
edited and I'm really excited I'm really
tired but I also really have to edit
this vlog now Ashlee said she's gonna
edit her vlog so I think I'm gonna try
to at least edit half of this one cuz I
really wanted to go up in the morning
like early in the morning I'm so tired
I'm gonna end it now I'm say goodnight
now as you can tell I'm like mama and I
love you guys this is so so so much and
I'll see you swear off me blog ye mom
