good morning guys what is up how are you
how are you clothes how are you clothes
you could chew good I hope you're good
welcome to today's vlog it is May 29 had
a look at my computer it is May 29th and
I just wanted to say hi because for
blogging today I thought well I did
bought yesterday but honestly was like 2
clips so I'm probably not even going to
include them in this vlog yeah I mean
we'll see morning I've been editing all
morning
my video is on it my video is on private
which means it's ready to go public at 1
p.m. it's currently 12:30 I'm in a group
chat with Sree and Lauren right now and
Lauren's in Portugal so it's like 8:00
a.m. she hasn't slept all night for the
past three hours we've been like you got
this you can stay up like you got it so
she's just a guy 30 minutes a constant
30 minutes till it goes live I'm really
excited but while I wait I figured I
would start getting ready
sat down but on Mia's vlog that made me
realize why I should vlog before I start
getting ready completely in yet so
welcome to today's vlog let's see what
it has in store for us I've already gone
through one cup of coffee
so yeah I'm speaking of I'm using the
coffee cup as a tripod right now Hey
okay so this is so kind of random but I
have all my makeup in this huge support
bag like I have my brushes some palette
like and this is so yeah yeah that's
what's going on so let's do it shall we
oh there's a shirt in there I gotta
clean today that's kind of one of my
goals my room is a mess
hi I'm Paula we're gonna watch some
blogs up there experience this morning
or else and for now I'm just like super
awesome choppy ocean drink coffee I also
want to go see a movie and I don't
really that I was going to see what
and I was thinking about never yeah yeah
this is just like what I wear I like to
do so motivated at senior well BAM make
this done
oh I think you're just gonna mess gear
on my lip oh no we're good okay
Oh a little bit a little bit a little
bit you can't even tell that makeup is
done um yes I kind of went a little
crazy with the highlight today so she
like at this angle you can see so don't
mind that it's been about 30 minutes
because it's 12:59 p.m. and our video
goes live in one minute I'm so excited
that was like perfect timing getting my
makeup on literally I'm always watching
YouTube videos while I do my makeup the
morning like without a doubt without a
doubt so excited literally one minute
sorry oh hi guys it's Belle you were on
this coffee cup the whole time if you
were wondering you put you back there
don't model okay clearly that's not
gonna work so gotta find something else
to do you people just put you put you
there I am going to put my video public
it's 12 p.m. right now I'm guessing
Lauren videos already went public
because hers was um scheduled here we go
here we go oh it's so bright ready boom
boom yes I understand
yessum it yeah yeah it is live his life
is life is life is alive oh hey guys
what up in a few hours and videos up I'm
literally I think I spent like an hour
and a half just responding to comments
retweeting things and favoriting things
like seriously I'm here know how much it
means to me when you like take it the
time to tweet or make funny edits or
screenshots or whatever I've liked my
videos and stuff like it means so much
also oh my gosh speaking of Twitter
thanks for 800,000 oh my god I didn't
even see that coming and then I got a
notification from Twitter on my phone it
was like congrats you have over 800 K
followers I was like ah what what also
drawn some clothes although in reality I
kind of just switched my shirt because I
was wearing these shorts earlier so I
just put on top and then chokers yeah hi
guys hey
a video you thought you liked it you
filmed it hey I remember doing so I was
thinking it that we should do something
tomorrow because it's a holiday and we
don't have plans
we should should Disney if it's open
it'll be crazy but that could be fun if
your pass is open or we should go we
should we could have a legit pool day
like we have so many floaties and stuff
you know yeah no Nick Konami and some
was birthday's Tuesday the Ashley went
to nectar and she said that she got me a
drink
it's a prote strawberry Pattaya protein
I'm so excited to try this wait we
should take an Instagram because it's
like super cute or we wait tomorrow we
wait what if we go to Palm Springs
tomorrow anyway we should take a picture
I should take an Instagram oh it's good
my hair is so messy good huh it's really
good
it rhymes me when we were little really
good it does remind me when we were
little we used to make strawberry shakes
all the time I want to figure out our
plans for tomorrow ash I vote we either
have a day trip somewhere go to
Disneyland or have a pool day here like
full-out like barbecue officially rest
in peace - my favorite candle ever I
told you guys it would only last like a
week and it doesn't it Island to
moonlight it burned its last burn so I
let my other one currently watching my
video
yeah new video go watch it
go watch it that's my life hey guys up
in time we are currently at a coffee
shop which is I think my favorite coffee
shop as of now no I do it with every
single one but this one's legit it's
like a house it's legit I'll try to show
you some footage of it but it's really
cool I am currently planning out just
the month I can't believe is basically
June already yeah I looked at my
calendar and I was like please PLEASE
June and yeah yeah I don't know figured
we'd start out summer was like a good
like you'll start planning out my next
like 2 or 3 videos that are coming up
really excited for that yes when did my
hair look this good it wasn't a bun all
day except that it was bad yeah cool a
opes hi
no-one's here there was people here in
the nail left this part looks like
whatever but like oh wait can you my
perspective Lochte govern
with me I should thought she's talking
about herself no no I thought it was on
me I was looking down he said it got
sick over with me the best guy school's
out for summer so we're planning our
summer we got our calendars here we got
some coffee here we she's got her
calendar there and we are planning out
in it very exciting June flash
spontaneous / kind of not because we're
planning it summer hey guys what up
we're back the department want to end
this vlog for you all so I think we
decided what we want to do tomorrow for
Memorial Day so if you want to know you
should watch tomorrow's vlog there will
be a blog there will be a vlog love you
guys so so so much thank you again for
all of your love and support on my new
video today absolutely like like yes it
means a lot and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another video
nope okay bye
