hey guys whatsup diversa how are you I
missed you I'm so sorry I've barely been
vlogging lately I promise I'm going to
step up my game ah gotta clean the lens
because looks a little dirty better
obviously I am back at my apartment and
I missed it so much I walked in and saw
Chloe de with my call money but yeah so
this week it is Memorial Day weekend and
it's going to be a good productive
weekend of today and tomorrow I'm
finishing filming up the collab with
Lauren and stray so I'm really excited
for that it's going up Sunday so get
excited new video up Sunday tell your
friends tell your sister tell your
brother tell your parents hello everyone
hi guys her second birthday is the 31st
it's coming so soon but little babies
growing up we want to have a party Hawk
now and I want nice bed means and kid
noise to be yeah we're arranging any um
party stuff it's but yeah that's going
on we've been filming up a bit today we
only have two more things left to come
today and then we're filming two more
things tomorrow so it's gonna be fun
it's gonna be chill also I'm wearing
some new makeup because Smashbox sent
over a whole bunch of new at liquid
lipstick so I'm lipstick sexy that
lipsticks so I'm wearing like aim a pink
one I like it my hair is actually
disgusting so don't mind that I need to
wash it so so so so bad oh yeah I nah
baby good whoa my lips look so ratchet
my hair looks so ratchet oh good yeah so
guys what up just have life that's what
my lips are like like that that's cute
I'm cute currently having dessert I'm
Boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom Chicka pop
pop pop pop boom Chicka pop pop pop pop
won't you get born chicken bone to cut
my hair oh man I'm - so long as you guys
probably could tell oh my gosh these are
the best and they're halfway popped
girls I heard that all weekend Disney
Channels doing throwbacks of all their
old like movies and shows action I
turned it on and we just started
watching Disney locate this cool sin a
while since that's happened right we
never used a vlog camera takeover with
Ashley because it has been such a long
time and guess what it's an extra
special surprise could with Ashley and
here with Ashley after tax cash magitek
that's what we do that's how that
happens Alicia was just here she just
left so I thought it was appropriate to
see one of these babies cuz it's been a
long time Alicia's been gone for such a
long time like I've seen her like a week
and a half two came home today and I was
like oh yeah hi hi hello sister great we
just filmed something really quick super
short film Club cut Alicia you guys
something's happened I was sort of down
I literally require now how much at
Panera to get a salad to get to get my
salad I met a treat and kale and quinoa
fell and you know what happened they
have their summer menu now so my salad
is no longer there rest in peace
Mediterranean kale and quinoa salad so I
got the strawberry poppy strawberry
poppy seed salad I don't know but I'm
really sad I don't even remember the
last time I had it
heck no e hi babe
oh my gosh you're so cute okay so this
is all the Smashbox lip stock what for
what am I saying
what okay so this is all the Smashbox
liquid lipsticks that they sent over and
I just want to show you guys you
probably saw this in other people's
vlogs I know I saw in Mia's vlog but
like can we can we take a second ready
total oh my gosh there's so many this is
crazy
and it looks like Lilly came out with
her own shade this is crazy this I think
this is the one that I had on my lips
earlier oh my god
Oh totally gonna give like most of these
away to all my friends because let's be
real there's no way I could possibly go
through all this but really what's my
favorite color let's see so this is a
color I found earlier but it's
definitely more like berry so my guess
is I'm gonna like let's swatch the mini
should we do that let's do it okay yeah
hey guys what up
welcome to okay this is the more new to
your pink mmm I like this one a lot it's
still pretty good very that one is
gorgeous gorgeous that one's gorgeous
I'm not gonna swatch all of them cuz
let's be real there's so many let's play
this um you know I really want to try
this purple one because it's like bright
purple this one is some nerve oh my gosh
oh it's so purple Oh
oh my gosh that'd be cool for like a
Halloween look or something that is
intense
that is so intense oh my gosh this one
it is girl gang mmm it's like a dark
dark purple that one's really pretty I'm
having so much fun guys which one should
be do next great this looks interesting
chill zone it's like a light grey color
does this not look like nail polish do
people wear Gray's I've never really
seen grey seen black lipstick and like
dark dark dark colors vibe feel I can
never really see grey just do a couple
more oh my gosh is so good oh my gosh
that one's gorgeous that one is really
really gorgeous I like it a lot
okay that is one red color oh my gosh I
love I love love love love I never
really wear red lipsticks except for
Christmas like around winter that is
like my perfect red I love like blue
tinted red that I'm like I don't know if
you guys can see this but I'm this is
literally my stance right now I'm using
my foot to press against the sulukule
back there so I don't like comedy port
further anyway okay oh my gosh so much
better so here are eight of the shades
that I swatch they're very pretty as you
can tell there's very like diverse
colors very like different colors this
grey one's kind of really cool I feel
like I would never wear it but it's
really cool
goodgoodgood gotta get situated alright
sorry hi I think my favorite boggers
focus on me
yeah I think this one is one my
favorites the pinky I like pinky mom's
was my favorite but I just want to
swatch some of the more brighter one so
you guys could see because they're very
pretty very pretty very very pretty so
tonight I think I'm just going to edit
watch some Disney Channel because
they're doing all the throwback shows
and movies get my Panera later I'm
definitely gonna have like the best bath
and like lush BAM I do a facial I'm
gonna like do a deep conditioner for my
hair I feel like I just need it you know
I mean like I just like yeah and now
it's tough to get up oh whoa okay so
going to edit tell you what the videos I
think I told you guys what the video is
you just know it's a collab Lauren and
sarey so let me know if you can guess
what the video is I'm going to edit
right now so yeah I'm going to edit
right now do this update guys is
currently 10:37 p.m. I've been editing
most the night and I'm currently
watching Cheetah Girls 2 and right
before that I watched High School
Musical and it's just been a great night
that's all I have to say I do think it's
time to take off my makeup though and I
want to put on a face mask that sounds
really fun I think I'm gonna do that
take shower and um and yeah okay
