hey guys what up today is Sunday I
forget the actual date but it'll be here
on the screen back so now I'm currently
packing I'm headed to LA for most of the
week I think I'm gonna be there
basically all week today is exciting I'm
something a collab with Lauren laurdiy
and sarey I'm super excited I think it's
gonna be really fun but I'm late you
said we were meeting at 11:00 then we
for a split second we're talking about
12 meeting at 12 but then we decided to
stay out of leaven and I'm like oh I
don't have to be there till 12 now look
at the clock and I'm like I should have
left 30 minutes ago sweet awesome
anyways that's this okay probably
shouldn't be blogging right now but I
wanted to start taste bonkers now
offense super cute super camp so a
little stressful because I had to pack
for the whole week and get ready and I
didn't even do my hair like what yeah
and all this morning I was editing the
video that's going up sammich Hanul I
was able to get it done it's not a
thousand percent where I would've wanted
it to be but it's definitely like the
whole of it like it's just if it's there
so I was like okay we're good to upload
I was trusting you guys know from
earlier also not sure if this vlog gets
combined or if it's don't blog I have no
idea so bear with me but here's the
outfit literally this whole outfit from
Urban Outfitters oh my gosh I think it's
safe to say that's officially like my
favorite store right now choker and
halter top shorts jacket all urban bow
oh hey guys guess where I am I'm Lauren
and some we are maybe doing a collab so
get excited for that um next week great
wait yeah wait
Oh weeks from now 20 i yeah i'm a twenty
nine hands down now hashtag seven days
so yes super excited about that going
really smooth it's really chill and let
you know i just uploaded a video hey yay
a morning routine is also definitely go
watch it because I worked really hard on
it and I'd love for you to go watch it
also can we talk about Lauren's couch
and chairs their goals goals goals we
are filming and it's bright we are
filming Patti freeze bug sunglasses okay
really cute on you though so yeah do you
like my ponytail what it's like making
it work okay let's didn't tie the scenes
if you can hear me through this one cuz
you never know
hello tell me isn't going great filming
is going good we are just chillin I
think we look one more season or shot
laughs and I'm weird like gone dog so
I'm like trying to get b-roll and I'm
showing like my salad and like all the
food that I'm getting and then I go over
to the laptop and this is literally my
face
editing of blog right now I'm eating I
have not eaten all day
this is horrible wedding hey guys
updates and filming ones go so so so
smooth and then as you just thought I
would see veggie girl afterwards and it
was so so bomb tomorrow I have a shoot
and I totally need like a bunch of
makeup and stuff so I'm currently at the
Grove just got here I'm gonna go hey
guys so today is Monday and today's
what's gonna be a little different
because um we're kind of doing a secret
shoot no one knows what this is for
though I know
I have no matter what right oh my god
right here don't use that close alliance
wisely he gripped my study baby do not
have to
bunch of annoying I believe our eyes
forgive me
so it's a lunchtime and we got a salad
and I'm so excited
hey guys so today is May 26th this week
I feel horrible I have not been blogging
to my defense I feel like I've been so
so busy I've done two shoots in the past
three days and it's been so crazy and
stuff but it's been good everything's
gone super smooth and I spent super-fun
some stuff is secret some stuff isn't so
I don't know I just like it was I was so
busy so all over the place I apologize
but I wanted to upload this vlog and
just get it up so that way I can start
fresh vlogging today and like I don't
know why I work that way I'm very much
like if all my vlog clips are all
scattered that I feel scattered and then
I just don't blog and don't upload when
I in reality I need to like just do it
but exciting stuff is coming up it gets
super excited also well I have you of
summer coming up I was just now planning
some videos for the summer and I really
would love to hear your guys's opinions
of videos you want to see in the
comments of this blog yeah I'm like so
pumped so excited I'm like I don't know
I'm like really excited to make amazing
content for you guys and stuff I love
you guys and I will see you in my next
vlog I love you bye mom
