oh hey guys what up okay day is Saturday
happy Saturday I have to tell you I am
so embarrassing I know why don't know
what you guys call me on Twitter which
you totally should you would have seen
this tweet saying that after two minutes
leaving the door I already spilled
coffee myself yeah see this see this
right here
and then what happens I'm driving and I
still even more coffee on myself and to
make it even better I'm wearing a shirt
about coffee
ain't no coffee depressive what
literally I'm so embarrassed I was doing
a acai bowls for me and Ashley says and
I like what they had this cardigan I was
like totally covered up otherwise like
mmm I've been like oh yeah oh yeah
that's that's I'm so grateful but
luckily um we still got the goods I have
like oh my gosh this thing is sho so
good I don't even it's like an energy
bar it's from nectar but it tastes like
cherry pie basically Muslim I also got
this like charcoal lemonade thing for
later cuz I've had this before and it's
actually really good a lot of people
don't like it I like love lemonade and I
really like I don't know like I actually
think it's like genuinely good and but
it's like a it's like a little detoxing
has like coconut like water coconut
lemon and um agave nectar and charcoal
we got that and then here's the real
good oh snap oh my gosh that looks so
good I got a very affable and then
Ashley got a peanut-butter-and-jelly
acai bowl and getting extra granola is
like the best thing you can ever do
because after you eat the top it's like
just the like acai part at the bottom
and then you can like pour this in and
then it's just it's part it is part of
her so I'm going to eat this and then
I'm going to put on some makeup we are
filming today I have to film the last
bit of this next video I'm gonna try my
absolute hardest to get it up tomorrow
Sunday but part of me is like maybe I
should just like take my time with like
I don't want to rush it little strides
I'm gonna be up on AI editing it if
that's the case like because I'm to be
out in LA tomorrow early it's been a
very busy lately so I'm so sorry if it's
not up like right away or whatever but
yeah and then later today we're going to
a barbecue at my parents house I'm so
excited like there's so many people I
haven't seen in forever so I don't know
if I'm gonna about to much later I'm
gonna try my hardest to vlog a lot
earlier today so I still have a nutbar
vlog to put up tomorrow yes I'm gonna
eat this
what was that I'm so weird I'm good okay
mmm yeah this is me taking a snapshot
yeah okay
mmm good Salter yes Yass Yass so we are
filming hey guys hey I definitely look a
little more ready now you can make a lot
more ready than me hair makeup is done
oh wait whenever we film whatever we
film I'm usually writing here I'm
Annette but other days I'm not ready and
you're totally her so this is me
currently vlogging my outfit and this is
my top I got it from this place I got
this from this place but see when we're
filming it like you don't know like it
looks like I'm looking at myself in the
mirror right now but in the video when
you watch this you're gonna like woah
she couldn't even see herself whatsoever
my hats from urban and Ashley's just
chillin they're like hey oh hey guys hey
guys what I got some coffee
apparently filming the intro for this
video where I have my coffee but first
coffee mug which I'm loving because I
didn't finish my coffee earlier this is
the cold bridge to that I spilt
so much coffee on my shirt earlier so
great there's so much stuff for my teeth
hmm hey guys what's up baby yeah it's
going to be real I mean like like real
the video is my real morning routine and
you know it's not like other morning
routines were fake it's just that some
of them may have been a little more
glamorize I guess you can say you know
maybe I went out purposely to buy a
really cute PJs up for it I always see
dambar whoa it's like orange you guys so
productive and even planning on it
actually ended up editing most of the
video and I feel like there's a way
better chance of getting up tomorrow
then what I thought this morning this
morning I was like oh my gosh there's no
way and I'm like oh my gosh sweet doable
definitely doable and I'm really liking
how it's turning out I changed my top
because I feel like Qo'noS more like
comfy I need my phone which is randomly
here on the floor oh so many Chloe's
toys everywhere she always eats her bed
it's not cool not cool Club okay so this
is the real outfit of the day heart
heart what what oh my gosh hat is from
Urban Outfitters bralette is Urban
Outfitters shirt is Abercrombie & Fitch
flannels Urban Outfitters jeans are
Topshop and shoes are black vans
tough outfit currently drinking my black
lemonade
ash how sparkling good for you I would
have never thought like oh you can like
set a detoxifying lemonade that draws
toxins from your body for reduced
bloating and glowing skin mmm we strive
to short oh no and got it everywhere
we're good
do you not see pika the video this is
how I feel about waking up in the
morning yes me literally me um alright
and you guys have to do like my favorite
okay
okay seriously I think this is one of my
favorite teams in the whole thing okay
let me know in the comments so you can
see me talking to a camera right now you
guys a lot because it looks ridiculous
okay see ya oh my god
so yeah I've been editing and going to
be editing most tonight and a young set
up for barbecue though private kuybyshev
barbecues all the time growing up
haven't had one in like forever like
like forever last night I don't feel
like I'm gonna vlog much i'm studing you
know that now so wearing Kylie look good
today um and kerr's not do it on me also
wearing the Kylie lip kit today hey guys
so I'm going to end this vlog right here
I am Curtis so like 1:15 a.m. I'm trying
my hardest to edit this video so we can
go in off this video I'm trying too hard
to edit the main channel video for this
week I hope that you liked today's
behind the scenes of this vlog um the
BBQ is really nice and fun so we went
there we came back all this week I'm
gonna be at all I so get excited for
vlogs they're gonna be fun I love you
guys and I will see you next time I love
you I love you love you and yeah buddy
