oh hey guys oh my gosh Jason the
weirdest day ever well it's been the
most awesome day ever but it is
currently like really late it's like
6:00 no because 7 oh no Alysha at 7:30
and it is 7:30 1 p.m. to be exact I have
not been able to vlog all day most of
you probably have noticed that
yesterday's vlog didn't go up still
super super low I'm currently editing it
in my car right now while I was editing
it and then my computer dad thought
sucks so actually it's uploaded it's
just I'm priming I was working I was
just finishing the thumbnail and I was
almost done and then it died of like no
day was such a good day you know how
like when you have those days where
everything she's going right one thing
after another you're just like what is
going on with the world like today is
just my day literally have that day I
feel really bad because I can't tell you
all about that it's a long story short I
had like three meetings today and every
single one went like better than I even
expected this one of those days where
I'm really feeling like blessed and like
like I don't know also I'm currently
waiting for Nicky because Nicky and
Gavin came down today I'm so excited
they're here I'm like I'm so excited now
we have more fun stuff coming up this
next week it's kind of like we're gonna
be busy currently at the hair salon so I
like God is here for like two seconds
and then she's finishing up right now so
I've been in the car I was editing my
blog so about that this vlog has started
late we're gonna go shopping but I have
a feeling it's gonna be too late for
that so we might go shopping still she
gets out really soon but I'm excited I
haven't seen Gabby yet so I'm so excited
I could all right oh my god I was like
an egg I like like so much taller than
you bruising her hair looks great looks
great looks great very vibrant right now
yes I love it I don't know how I feel
right now I just have to let it fade
away I can see are currently at the
Grove we made it closes in an hour
we made it yes and um practice open here
what is the news did you get it yeah
yeah this is so freaking cute wait you
see if there's rubber stalks there's a
rubber duck floating this stuff is
seriously so cute
I should be blogging you should be
vlogging box Luck's gonna keep down like
the coolest pants ever there like a
mermaid pants which match match your
mermaid hair
hey Fabian top job right now I got a
jacket that's very mean don't boo me you
look so pretty with your hair both your
heads of hair dryer Oh a natural natural
hair yeah no extensions are you kidding
no extension it looks so good it looks
so good the under it the other week
you're like it's here here last time I
took it out it looks so good good
morning guys and welcome to day two of
this vlog I'm so sorry that it is
combined obviously I got like no footage
yesterday take a plane you guys
well technically it's more like
afternoon you're currently filming and
today's video of this begins video
probably gonna be really easy to guess
what it is
yeah so get ready for a little behind
the scenes right now we're just gonna
bust this video out and for a morning my
only like times to film that's when you
need to go up some days I'm like mmm
that's right it actually yeah yes look
look blister I read a film Club are you
ready to be um um featured in my video
yeah you get a close-up your birthday
soon
you can't be too big go go be 200 we
love this game are you ready to see the
cutest thing you've ever seen
oh my gosh oh my gosh you're just a
little panda bear I actually can't right
now why did God make you so Cupid so I'm
currently about to film at me and doing
my makeup right now but like me vlogging
doing my makeup you guys get legit
behind the scenes because I'm probably
gonna include this like actual footage
in the video so that's cool and also
means movie
/ hey ice no props do my makeup won't do
it
told you behind it's also been really
liking this brow thing you could see me
talking to a camera right now you guys
would laugh because it looks ridiculous
but like it works you know you guys like
these logs I will do in this long but I
get if you could see me right now like
from far away I probably look ridiculous
Oh makeup is done
so I post on snapchat a picture of all
of these lovely of packages and I was
like do you guys want a haul slash
unboxing I mean honestly if everyone
said no I would still do it because I
love boxing stuff but you guys guess
like cave oh my god by Topshop jacket
came I'm so excited I was really scared
that I want to come in time because I
need it for Monday oh my gosh
I'm so excited I hope so
this is a see-through bomber jacket like
what what is it's see-through
it's a sea view jacket and the materials
kind of cool it's like I don't know this
is gonna be so freakin cool open fit I
hope it looks good okay then yesterday I
was at Topshop so I'm gonna show you
what I got I got this like pink pink
sports bra slash crop top which I
thought could look really cool and did
that 50 it you see it I got this leotard
that looks like this it's like a blush
nude color and it has snaps at the
bottom which is nice those come in handy
let me tell you and then I ordered some
stuff from forever 21 we get a night
also I can open this I got some stuff
the first thing is this crop top it says
trust me at the top just like in little
print and it's just like a purple I
thought this pink on line definitely is
purple then I got another crop top and
it's like a blush nude color but it's
really cute cuz like right here it's
hide I don't know if you can see this so
I got that looks really small so it's
not look like a medium let me tell you
it's like a mini skirt but then on one
side it gets longer and stuff so and
it's like all like boom right here so
that's what that looks like hopefully it
looks good on will see that I got
another crop top that is just like a
high neckline and it has the same type
of like knotted look at the bottom then
oh my gosh you guys obsessive it's
honest I was like I'm getting this like
this is what made me decide to order
from forever21 online if it's a Mickey
shirt I love this super soft you guys
know I am like an avid Disney goer it
was $15 and then I got two more things
it's a leotard but it's like low and
then chiffon II right here so you could
work with high-waisted jeans obviously
you'd wear like a bando or something I
mean you don't have to but I'm
definitely going to wear like a bando or
something this one look so pretty
so it looks like this and then the backs
open again but it was so pretty I
thought you'd kind of have to see this
one on to like get the gist of it
picture it with like high-waisted jean I
got that really excited about everything
from a private funky one now I just have
this box from Urban Outfitters oh yay I
like was not planning on getting this
much clothes at all just kind of
happened but it is a crop top okay it's
just like Navy and it's a Calvin Klein
one oh I thought this was so cute cause
it's a crop top like it's an actual top
but it still has a Calvin Klein band at
the bottom and then I got this hat
because you guys know I've been all
about my baseball hats lately cuz Ellie
on it the LA Dodgers logo although I'm
not a Dodgers fan but that's cool and
I'm still wearing it but yeah it's like
a a grey blue baseball hat I'm excited
almost that I think have just two more
things I got this choker this is
basically metal version of the original
like stretchy tattoo chokers do you see
this is this so pretty it's not so
pretty I'm excited I think that one's
gonna look really cute and all about
chokers lately next I ordered my very
own adidas they're the original
superstars I got a size too big on
accident so I'm going to have to return
these which look really bad hate a mess
joke my PJs so cute okay so that is
everything that I got I legit this is
like a huge haul like I wasn't expecting
it to be that huge oh wait I forgot one
I forgot one there we go that's better
here's my little haul maybe you can even
see everything a little better this way
so this is the crop top the necklace
which I'm obsessed with making sure crop
tops jacket so excited for this jacket I
feel like I'm gonna wear it every single
day like not even kidding also really
excited for these leotards I feel like
they're gonna be like really really
pretty on oh my gosh
stuff so excited okay so I think I'm
just going to edit footage that I have
from this video because I have to edit
it really quick well not really quick
but I don't have much time to edit it
other than tonight so yeah we're going
to do that maybe go to a coffee shop
later I think Ashley wanted to go do
some editing and work at a coffee shop
so so yeah hey guys so update time I've
been chilling here editing it for a
while and I edited this vlog and I just
wanted to end it so thank you so much
for watching I hope that you liked it I
just want to apologize for the amount of
shopping I've been doing lately no I
don't need to apologize for it but I'm
sure it's getting a little excessive
so yeah I'm sorry yeah yeah I will see
you guys most likely tomorrow with
another vlog and if not the next day for
sure obvi I love you guys and buddy
