happy birthday little one for to wear -
happy birthday good morning guys
today is May 31st which means it's cool
mommy's oh yes it's currently 9:25 she
has a hair appointment at 9:30 he has
really had just been needed and I
figured it's an excuse to have her like
look good for birthday literally right
now I'm just gonna have a disclaimer if
you think this is ridiculous like do not
comment you don't need a comment I don't
care about your comments like I am going
to pull out for her birthday I'm not
even kidding
later tonight we're going to go over to
aunty be on my ass she's gonna be there
I'll be absorbed here's the before so
just drop Chloe off and I'm about to get
some coffee from Panera but my hair is
literally like horrible right now I
don't know what to do with it it looked
good on camera up but in person it
really looked jank um I guess I should
have like you know done it before I left
the house but it did not happen
mm-hmm beautiful yes hazelnut one is
literally the best you guys have to try
it
got the goods whoa hey guys update make
this John it's been a couple hours and
I'm kind of really liking my makeup
today I did a little different I it was
one of those days but I just really took
my time getting ready if that makes
sense like I wasn't just I was just like
sitting here like chillin doing my
makeup
literally this is me buddy I was like
honestly for probably like 45 minutes
I'll know if you can even tell the
difference I don't know I did my
eyeshadow different and yes also would
you guys want see I've seen a few
comments now you guys really wanting to
see me do an everyday makeup routine
it's like an actual tutorial like me
like go if you're gonna be like okay so
next I'm applying my for Amazonia you
don't I mean like an actual like legit
OG YouTube tutorial I would totally do
that I think that could be really fun
but yeah that is today's makeup hey was
just watching some YouTube videos and
doing my makeup at my desk because
that's what I do
hey hey do you like love my outfit I got
really cool so I put on this cardigan
even though I'm in shorts and put on
Dougs like this is me right now mmm also
I just got a call saying that Chloe is
done at her grooming appointment so I'm
gonna go pick her up right now and so
gonna go see her hmm I guess I should
clean up a bit though first it's so hard
to do with one hand
oh come on come on you can do it
here we go and here's the after oh we
got our hair did little flower gotta you
harness we like it do we like it happy
birthday okay
I also got her birthday present but you
can't have it till later are you pretty
girl you look so pretty for your party I
can't handle this here are all the
birthday celebrations we have her
present in here and then we have
whooping Jana some balloon candle that
says to them Harrison
makes is done outfit is on we are ready
headed over to Mia's we're gonna spend
the night and we're gonna hold recording
who's plated and it's an excuse does he
means so well it has been a while for me
but it's been a while since we've just
gone over Ashley hasn't seen her in
forever Chloe hasn't seen candle is
employable also wearing a new shirt that
I got yesterday and new shorts that I
got yesterday shopping I still want to
do a haul for you guys I think I'm going
to do a whole like separate haul
currently having a juice from a pressed
juice rate so balm citrus three if you
like grapefruit totally get it if you
don't like grapefruit you should try
anyway because it's so good whoo also
guys exciting announcement some of you
know that I did at you now a couple
weeks ago a month ago almost oh my gosh
but I'm going to be doing another one
this week on Thursday June 2nd 6 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time aka California
time on my username slash link in the
description box but get excited I'm like
I had so much fun that last live streams
I'm going to be doing another one so
once let you guys know so if you want to
you know likes put it in calendar or put
Knoller on your phone or whatever you
want to do you could do that so I'm
cleaning it for a while but I haven't
announced it yet so big surprise you
know is on Thursday night yeah are you
ready Chlo are you ready to go giggling
Mia it's go babe let's go babe
guys weirdest thing ever there's a car
right next to us right now and he's
driving with a parakeet just chilling on
his finger like literally driving like
this with a bird right here and I'm like
had him like out the window kind of I
like Michael right now I wish I could
block this right now but that's kind of
I feel like that could be illegal you
know he's playing with the bird blew my
mind like never seen anything like that
before yes but we are me and guess who's
here Ashley's here and the doctor one
big happy family
oh my gosh yes Tanner's and Chloe United
okay so I'm getting ready to decorate
for Chloe's birthday party it's gonna be
great gonna be fun I'm excited thinking
maybe I should wait because I want to
order them little cupcakes
oh hi mean you guys want to be doing
Oh your things are not good mmm we are
currently behind the scenes of love me
motive our work means work everyone
looks so cute and I'm sitting here with
a um allergy nose it's like it hit me
and then I'm just like outfit account we
are setting up for our birthday party
extravaganza honkin ours I go sit right
there best friends she says I want can I
go to my party although she kind of came
here open here we go
yeah I just want them sitting like
looking oh I think we can do it I think
we can do today hey sit sit all sit good
boy stay stay
a tree that fit well we hey Dan I'm
upset four 6s
she's like I'm sitting perfect Chloe
stay yay we got the picture and we have
two same guys best day ever banner we
have a pinata cards from Ken and um um
clues momma's symbaloo and her present
and then a birthday girl pen can are you
having fun you're such a good home
one two okay ah happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear love money
happy birthday to you
happy birthday girls so if you didn't
know Sprinkles Cupcakes has dog treats
that look like mini cupcakes that's what
we just gave them a few wonders yay guys
happy birth happy second birthday quo
ready for present time hey guys update
time so it is now 1046 p.m. I've just
finished editing this blog that you are
currently watching we've been watching
Harry Potter just having a chill movie
night I think I'm going to in this vlog
right now because why not I hope that
you liked Khloe's birthday party too
strap again the special vlog edition we
had a lot of fun say and yeah we're
going to spend the night here so you
will see us bright and early tomorrow
morning yeah I love you guys so much and
I'll see you next time
ok bye 1
