good morning world how are you doing say
I'm about to be great what's cookie
cookie wants today we'll do this fun one
it's great yes yeah right now so don't
mind my hair all the hilariously funny
that I'm wearing I'm Allie Sean's shirt
as a PJ shirt because it's comfy and
yeah sibling wolf thank you
so since I was traveling all of my
makeup from my glamour yeah I love this
thing put in here because I was
traveling and stopping to reorganize it
put it all back here because I really
really like this nail of house so many
of you have been tweeting me pictures of
this at Target and you're like thinking
of you even Mia in her vlog yes means
yes did you get it so we can be twinning
okay
this young Heba this whale shoots powder
with a concealer lipstick
hey guys so so sorry my battery died so
it was charging this whole time but did
my makeup did my hair all didn't really
do my hair but I put dry shampoo my hair
so what did my hair yes this is the
makeup look that we went for I'm loving
my highlight oh my gosh
Jaclyn Hills champagne pop is perfection
actually like love it and I Boily skin
so I was never one to go for like
shimmery highlights any of my oily skin
girl do you know I'm talking about
I don't know but lately I just feel like
it looks way better I like it
here's the OTD very similar to last
night jogger pants wait I'll show you
so Jackie is Urban Outfitters shirt both
is that funny shirt is Urban Outfitters
hands are Abercrombie and Fitch and then
I'm wearing Ashlee's white Adidas yes
yes yo see on skills yo also today I'm
hoping to return slash or exchange my
adidas I bought because I bought a size
too big if you remember that Paul vlog
so yes oh wait I don't even tell you so
today's Memorial Day it is a holiday
here in the United States today we
decided to have a shopping day because
Ashley has been telling me for a month
that she's in a shopping mood so we
decided to make a day out of it we're
gonna go to urban spectrum I want to say
slash Newport area so it gave me a good
excuse to exchange in these shoes if we
can get some budget grill for lunch cuz
goals and yes that's what's going on
it's gonna be fun gonna be chilled a
sister bonding day which should be fun
and I have to get some some supplies for
um Chloe's birthday party tomorrow
she doesn't even know I also have text
me at to make sure she's still good for
us to go over cuz we were gonna go over
and have a party with Chloe can towards
a new know I love you anyways let's go
let's do this I'm excited we are on our
way
- Irvine Spectrum which is a mom in
Irvine yes ash how you feel it no I'm
feeling pretty good you know how I'm
feelin hungry I was just about sim
feeling a little hungry
I think we're gonna eat first which kind
of makes sense because I really don't
like shopping when I'm hungry cuz I
can't focus you know what I mean I start
like buying whatever cuz I'm like oh
whatever and I know what like I mean I'm
sure it's busy but it doesn't that was
at the beach I feel like everyone's out
the beach everyone's a tradition to go
to the beach on Memorial Day yes this is
what we are doing but has been we are
gonna get some integral y'all real magic
grill yo veggie grill veggie veggies the
p2p which if you benefited between fun
fact this is how the vlog camera tripod
works as you can see locked in but it's
upside down so when you edit it you have
to flip the image around that's how it
works hands-free yo copy good gonna
return them I'm really excited because
there is hardly anyone here oh it looks
so beautiful so I just tweeted that's my
twitter yes I'm currently waiting for
our food I'm very excited I got the huge
ash got to use - yeah what stories you
want to go to I really
want a new jacket because
this is Alicia sure I like everyday so I
want like all day like everyday jacket
that's mine
you know and I feel like I'm gonna be
traveling a lot this summer so I want a
jacket that can wear like in light
weather that you don't care to get that
stuff yeah you know kale and quinoa
I said kale and quinoa which was my
Pinner order now I'm sad quinoa power
salad and Buffalo Wang like celery
delecia okay so we're getting Chloe some
food day banners which one should we get
her the gold one or the balloon where
we'd have to fill it up though this one
best day ever oh that's cute that's cute
should we get her pinata looking like a
pullout for her not even headaches also
was able to return my shoes so I found
some shirts just some like casual shirts
and some posters Chloe's birthday banner
ash if anything I've done it on the top
hahaha they have like these shoes so
they're checking to see if they have my
side I'm excited hopefully to do urban
wasn't a success
Bri and emails it was a success I was
thinking do you guys want to blog all I
could do and when actually that could be
fun
that could be fun or I could just do
like a haul in this video but I gotta
get home Ferris wheel Ashley I were just
saying that we should totally go on it
because we've never been on it or at
least since we were little right
laughing I'm sorry
everyone everything okay shout out like
you've answered anything guess I'll
shout out Angel underscore Brown with
two M's go follow her are your guys's
favorite types of videos disney whale
guys guys realities or my favorite yeah
so you really like the NASA regular cool
guys oh fuck my favorite lady yeah yeah
yeah well thanks for saying hi guys we
went shopping
I'd like a pack mule I have this like
huge bed yeah look at you look at you so
I feel really stupid I left my car in my
car no I was my camera in my car but we
went to pressed juice to get some juice
and we stopped by target because I
wanted to get lollies and stuff for her
birthday tomorrow yeah that's the thing
and that happened for having a party as
you guys know is it excessive yes do I
care now okay good shopping - yeah hey
happy we'll find out
haha this place is so cute it's like the
packing district place was really cool
at random you have a mini Anaheim
packing district if any of you guys have
been there it's like really cute all
hipster
hey guys so I'm going to bed I want to
end this vlog sorry it ended kind of
abruptly I think I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a very exciting
Chloe birthday edition vlog but yes I'll
see you guys later and I love you bye
