good morning guys what's up today is
Tuesday Monday taste Monday oh my gosh
today is Monday I want to say it's the
16th May 16th
that is crazy this month is already
flying by which means June is next month
which means this year's half way over
yeah crazy seriously obsessed with this
candle though for real Island moonlight
oh my gosh I'm so curious how fast I'm
gonna go through this candle because at
this rate it's probably gonna be gone
like next week Chang and time for makeup
I guess heck yes it's my first time
using up my little um makeup tray thing
that I showed you guys yesterday and I'm
kind of excited not gonna lie here I
have all my makeup brushes obviously
like it would really fit easy here so I
just have my makeup brushes here any
mouse pad guys guys this is so exciting
so let's watch some YouTube videos while
I get ready I do that every morning and
yeah yeah you guys do it too right I
know you do I'm actually how many of you
are getting ready right now while you're
watching this I'm so curious let me know
in the comments because as hell yeah so
usually watches watch should do we want
to watch but who do we want to watch
watch watch
and makeup is done so here's my outfits
today I've been loving just be like
t-shirt and flannel I think I've been
wearing the same basic outfit like for
the past week it's kind of bad I know
it's just so easy and simple and you
don't have to think about it but you
still like cute I think I am gonna put a
baseball hat on though because my hair
is kind of crazy so in like 5 10 minutes
I'm actually headed out to LA I'm going
to I have our what am i doing
what am i doing I have a meeting that I
have to go to so that's what's going on
there yeah yeah later tonight we have
some friends coming over I think when I
go to the gym yeah kind of like a chill
day chill day chill day also trying to
be good and drink a lot of water lately
I've already had one full thing of it
BAM my second one goals for like for
today 12 o'clock
Augustus hey guys update I'm yeah been a
while it's actually been a long while my
last vlog it's currently 729 p.m. it is
7:30 oh my gosh I'm so sorry like uh
like I don't even know it happens I'm
eating like I told you guys and then I
came home and fell asleep for like an
hour and then I woke up and then I went
to gym and then I came back here now I'm
here literally every day so I am so
unbelievably sorry about that this is
the first vlog in a really long time
that I've been like wait I don't think I
have like any footage for a day or
anything like that I tweeted out that
I'm gonna have a mini Q&A right now i
tweeted on Twitter you're not calling me
on Twitter that is what you should be
doing especially if you want to be in
any like random two days like this
that's right I always ask you those
questions and stuff so I'm gonna try to
go through this somewhat quickly and
from qqa let's do it at a time sensitive
I'm David and I'm Taylor
Isabella as if there's any upcoming
tours or meetups or events that we
should start saving for this phase well
I'm glad you asked that I technically
cannot say anything yes I will say that
you should start saving up for something
because something may be coming up and
then apart from that I'm also going to
be at VidCon
here and beautycon la so if you guys
wanna meet me we can take some selfies
and yes next question and Alex asked how
many years did you do cheer for and was
I a face or back spot I did cheer I want
to say eight or nine years it was a
really really really really long time
and I feel like YouTube doesn't know
that part of me let have that playlist
like we're old was going on so anytime
like a subscriber came up to me I was
like oh my gosh are you here for world
they say yes we talked about it and like
everyone was like wait how do you know
about world I was at base and aback but
I was mostly a back like I was not to
brag I was really really really good
back I'm like back spot and then base I
would base every now and then but like I
was mainly a back spot next question is
from my heart in a well and it says
describe yourself in emojis well I
definitely would have to say this one or
I guess I was having fun and I'm also
say but also I did a laughing one
because I feel like I'm usually laughing
at something like everyday oh and then
of course the coffee emoji because yo
next question from Alisha is my queen at
mo Dominion settle with it like living
with your sister I want to do the same
lol in LA I love you t oh love me what
ashley is honestly amazing I don't feel
like I could honestly live with anyone
else because we like complement each
other in different ways like really
close anyways like really best friends
and like most sisters aren't as close as
we are but it's awesome I absolutely
love it boom miss adelon Lauren as
what's Chloe's opinion on jiff pump does
she have a boyfriend
well Chloe here would give me come here
don't make me grab you my battery's
gonna die
Oh Konami be Holly what is your opinion
on chip um I mean I'm night shift and
life I never met him because it's super
hands down I well I don't have a
boyfriend but I'm technically me and I'm
Kendra and I just got a date too cuz
he's gonna come over for my birthday
because my birthday is May 31st and I'm
gonna be too really those she's turning
two on May 31st
um you guys should come to her birthday
party we're having a birthday party next
question is from Avis Polaroid Brianna
and she asked can be in your vlog I love
you um yes you can be my blog girl I got
you and I love you too thanks for M
thanks for follow me on Twitter
little miss Jackie asked
favorite candies boom sour gummy worms
like for sure if I'm talking like candy
candy this battery died what was a thing
I forget
next one is from but first Alisha love
your usernames and cookies or donuts you
know why I'm gonna have to go with
cookies only because like I love a good
homemade chocolate chip cookie you know
I mean like those are my absolute
favorite I don't care for like sugar
cookies really or anything like that but
I do love like a good doughnut every now
and then chocolate glazed buttermilk
donut is my life last question is from
Hannah and she said Twix or Milky Way
I'm gonna go with neither I'm honestly I
don't really care for either of those
candies if I had to choose a candle Ike
that I would definitely choose a
Snickers like Snickers bars we're like
my favorite growing up yeah I hope that
you guys liked that little Q&A um if you
want to see more of those in the future
let me know if you absolutely hated it
let me know too I just felt really bad
that this video probably would have been
like 3 or 4 minutes long hi pretty girl
hey guys so update time I just took a
shower and blow-dried my hair has to
like happily I got lazy so I stopped but
I just on to end this vlog i edited
quite a bit of it and i just want to end
it I'm so sorry cheese was an awkward
vlog I promise I will step up my game
tomorrow for sure love you guys so so so
so much and I'll see you tomorrow with a
new vlog and yes okay bye
