good morning okay this actually looks
like neon on camera but I promise it's
not that great haha just kidding Canada
good morning guys
what's up miasma tea for breakfast
passion I have been obsessed with these
lately there's a bunch of random stuff
in here there's a banana cashew milk
spinach date oats peanut butter ice I
think that's it I think that's all good
yeah so this morning I've just been
chilling on the couch i edited and
uploaded yesterday's blog so what's up
it's up its up its up go watch it I feel
like I said that every bug but seriously
go watch it may 14th which means today
is May 15 but can I help you or ear hold
on I got you oh she looks so like you my
baby ok so I was watching some YouTube
videos just like chillin it was like
wait I should totally take a lush bath
enjoy it embrace it and then watch some
YouTube videos while I'm taking about
that's what I'm going to do it's not a
couple of lush products slap I have the
big blue bath bomb which I think that's
the last bath balm I have so I'm gonna
have to use that one and then I have to
bubble bar I have the like gold sparkly
one and then this flamingo one I'm
filling like the gold one I think maybe
we'll do like blue and gold exactly
really cool oh hey guys that was amazing
so relaxing and then I like really
really quickly got ready I just did the
same thing that I did yesterday to my
makeup I put on foundation a little boy
show eyeshadow filled in my brows
lightly and just put mascara on and you
know what I'm kind of liking it I feel
like I definitely my hair is so crazy
sorry like I definitely got in the habit
of like wearing a full face of makeup
every every single day which is fine
lately I've been like wait why have I
always been doing that cuz I can get
ready so much faster if I just put on a
little bit of makeup I don't know like
especially like days like today it's
like editing and uploading that's the
only thing and vlogging here um
so oh and I have homework to do too so
there's like that like I'm not like no
one to impress even though there's never
anyone to impress also obsessed with
this candle pops s is that you guys
should totally go get island moonlight
Ruby cassis Valencia orange and
sandalwood hmm yeah you should
definitely go get it it smells seriously
smells so so good my hair is actually a
hot mess today
woah yep mmm anyways
hums that time time to edit video is
mostly done which is very exciting and
however I just FedEx like four hours I'm
just gonna be like sitting so yeah but
it'll be so worth it I'm actually really
excited to get to this video I think
you're really gonna like it but I had
extra fun filming it the videos already
gonna be up by the time you see this
blog but I kept telling you guys in my
an epic surprise I was telling you to
look closely because it shows like what
this week's video was I literally showed
you guys my planner like my agenda and
it literally said upload Sunday testing
weird summer DIYs and uh so so some of
you totally saw that and I thought that
was epic I was like dude print was so
tiny I'm surprised a lot of you saw okay
I'm currently exporting the video do you
see my face right here like what is this
all so I'm going to upload this do you
guys wanna see the thumbnail I was
working on it um all day testing weird
summer DIYs I didn't put testing because
I figured it'd just be like too
cluttered because there's like already
weird deep sub our DIY holding some
exploding chalk in my hand
casual I'm really excited to upload this
what um redo some really thick oh we
knew all this so I'm really excited to
upload this video so after you watch
this vlog I want you to stop what you do
in and go watch this video and say that
the vlog channel sent to you because bog
babies you right you'll actually see
every one are you going to the gym yeah
I think so why are you so cute my chunky
monkey I love her
is it Python Club single site come on
let's go
come here currently taking Chloe for a
walk that's what we do multiple times a
day come on dad put my video public like
literally just just just now like right
now so we're gonna go you know the
comments oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god
yeah actually really like that insurance
somebody was up I've been cannot talk
today video is up I've been replying to
a lot of comments and stuff but I you
guys I need coffee I haven't had it at
all and it's three o'clock 3:15 I'm
going to have it this morning with it I
was like well if we go to a coffee shop
later like I don't want to have some
sporting and some laters I'd rather wait
paper obviously staying home I need
coffee
Bronwen why did I do that Adam okay
which coffee mug do I want to use I
think I'm gonna use this one perk
today we're going with the Starbucks
blonde roast if you want one during life
hack if you put all of your sweetener
and creamer and all that stuff in before
the coffee pours then you don't need a
spoon boom oh yes see it all just mixed
up by itself you don't need a dirty a
spoon mind blown right yeah oh my gosh
that looks so beautiful oh just so
excited right now outfit of the day time
so necklace is Ashley's it's from Urban
Outfitters or yeah remember now Twitter
I wanna say I'm totally sold today so
yeah my dress is also from Urban
Outfitters I've had this for such a long
time I honestly like wore it out I
definitely like wore too much so I
stopped wearing it do you guys ever do
that with clothes underneath I have this
bra let that's from three people I want
to say I think it looks really cute just
like kind of peeking out and stuff and
yes it's just like a t-shirt dress
it's really weird angle it's like a like
t-shirt dress I think it looks really
cute with choker yeah model work oh okay
so sometime between last week and this
week my room became a mess again
although it's not that bad like this at
my room perfect this Emma room is not
perfect so we are going to clean that up
right now
oh my gosh so much better okay so peace
on yesterday's vlogs and you would know
that I went shopping at Target like I do
and I got this little like makeup caddy
thing I think it was called a glamor
caddy it'll like um makeup caddy it's
called the glamor caddy and you guys
know I do my makeup here at my desk all
the time and I usually just bring out my
makeup bags and kind of like lay
everything out I could put all of my
everyday makeup stuff in here it has a
little handle so I can just pull it out
of the drawer bring it to my desk and
then bring it you know I mean I thought
that'd be cool so it's the moment of
truth to see if all of my everyday
makeup that's here I like the idea if
it's gonna work we're good
we're gonna try it out um scary goes
there this is kind of fun how do I want
to do this mascara eyeliner all that fun
stuff here I don't know how to put
everything I don't think I've got to put
makeup brushes in here just because
there's too many my gosh you guys I'm
liking this I already like the idea of
this okay so I think I have a good start
for now we have foundation concealer
primer powders blush eye shadow lipstick
lip kits and then here is like eyelashes
and eyebrows so I have eyebrows eyebrow
pencil mascara eyeliner and eyelash
curler is that nice okay so now did do
we're gonna find somewhere to put you
okay so it looks like it fits perfectly
in the deeper drawers yeah oh my gosh
that makes me so happy okay so every
morning all I have to do is pull this
out school this out and then I can do
for the most part like all of my makeup
that makes me so so so happy also a lot
of you guys have been wanting like a
makeup like collection tour or anything
like that so if you want to us thumbs up
this video let me know in the comments
and I can definitely do that I might
need to clean this out a little bit
question do you guys remember to use a
flip camera my dad rode over the other
days he's like oh my gosh look what I
found this was the second camera that I
started filming my YouTube videos on
literally so it's so long ago it's been
a year since I even touched that I'm
going to see if it has any
memory on it if there's any videos on it
I'm so curious to see if what's honest
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh there's
so many videos oh my gosh okay so we
have ones from cheer obviously a whole
bunch of cheer ones
oh my gosh this is crazy oh my gosh so
many old videos was crazy
yeah there's some of cheer oh my gosh
crazy nothing I'm so we went to your
church we had a walk later oh my gosh
I'm just like 10:30 we cut it with some
friends really fancy year was there now
I got the usual huh missing tabbouleh
salad and it looks bombs on pita bread
what'd you get same thing it's good
bread and we'll check back in in a
little bit
hey guys know obviously I'm home now
back at the apartment and I was just
adding this block and I wanted to end it
thank you so so so much for watching and
I hope that you liked it I will see you
as tomorrow with another vlog being and
yeah probably go to bed
12:50 a.m. and don't forget to watch my
new video today and yeah I love you guys
bye
