walking running guys what is up and
welcome to vlogmas day 20 like every
single vlog I say how crazy it is that
Christmas is getting closer so I
shouldn't really like say that anymore
honestly 25 days five freaking 4 days
really four days um yeah so I'm
currently getting ready as you can tell
it's kind of like my vanity it just
exploded with makeup so that's what's
going on um let's see we need powder
it's so hard to do this one-handed
okay I'm always wait I need to clean the
screen can I make it worse now there's
another little smudge okay good morning
guys what is up
happy what's today Thursday Thursday
today we were thinking about going
snowboarding again but honestly I'm kind
of glad we aren't just because I do have
a lot to do first thing on the list
today I'm actually gonna head over to me
as we are gonna do our gift exchange
today so I'm gonna super quickly just
like throw on some makeup and then head
over there
perfect put some brows on super-quick
and makeup is done turned out pretty
decent today I'm not complaining
anyways let's pack up my bags and then
go see me so here is the outfit of the
day just like cardigan thing this
cardigan thing I'm know if you guys
remember it but I did an unboxing from
forever 21 so it's from forever 21
wearing this long-sleeve pink I guess I
could I like like purpley kind of like
crop top I've had this for so long and
I've worn it like an unbelievably amount
of times I love this from Urban
Outfitters carries from forever 21 from
when Bethenny and I do the shopping
challenge and then shoes are just adidas
that's the outfit okay I have my
computer and everything so I can edit my
vlogmas grab my phone and my water good
morning Ashley good morning q a favor
can you hand deliver this to me for me I
love the wrapping can you tell her it's
to put the two presents in one
oh yes we got the goods
LOL at me trying to not make this about
me trying to vlog right now oh my god
please don't fall please don't fall
please up up we got the goods went to
the base place bringing me a some coffee
I was kind of selfish and low-key the
whole time I was like oh I want coffee
and I was like cool I shaft she wants it
to plug miss day 21 not 20 I messed up
this morning don't want to forget my
camera okay anyways let's head over to
me is someone sexy I'll give you a head
scan and memes hi wait I didn't bring in
the onesie I should have bought the
onesie vlog footage is all currently
importing from yesterday I still have to
edit that but we got exciting things
going on me and I are going to exchange
our presents to each other
I like how we always do it before too
because that way we can put it in our
videos too also can we talk about the
fact that Ashley wrapped her present
with the wrapping paper from the framed
video yeah we had to like find a place
that like like we sent in the photo and
they liked that it had actually so much
of it so I'm surprised she hasn't used
it for more people honest yeah okay okay
okay oh it looks so Christmasy in here
it was freezing
we would play Christmas music but
hashtag copyright bum bum bum bum bum
bum
haha that I love it so much I'm gonna do
that next year just my face okay and you
should get Ken's face for all your
rapping next year that would be so cute
open Ashley she wanted to be him but she
couldn't be here wrap it very nicely
I wanna see this she said it's bought
because she didn't give you Ashley
birthday on Christmas is this okey I
literally was looking at Marc Jacobs
backpacks yesterday for myself I didn't
have but you're just so much cuter I was
lazy I literally let Nordstrom do it I'm
worried there's two I thought you said
there's one that was my ready if you
don't like it if you don't like it using
pulley
I have the receipt you can tell me if
you don't like it no no no no no you
tell me
no no I knew you were gonna do something
like a fake and I just totally should
have done everything that I was saying
remember you got me for my birthday
that doesn't count that cab no what if
he was just the bomb
now I actually like it no I love it
Wow
really hot maybe I'd really hug the get
fit if they don't know no do you I do
you look at now and I think it's awkward
I'm comfortable in my own skin
you guys mia got me a new wallet and
she's been way too much and I don't
deserve her and I'm I love it it is so
cute like the pink do you like how I
have a scrunchie on still from when I
did my makeup this morning it's so
freakin cute oh my god thank you I love
it so we're gonna edit vlog miss with
our with our vlogmas day 21 I literally
told the guy it was vlogmas day 20 and
then i sat there and was like I am so
sorry can you try to make that a wine
I'll show you guys that you're gonna
laugh because you guys all know I
literally brought me the shirt that I've
worn and had for probably six months oh
no oh my god it was it was it was beauty
con la I remember that's when I borrowed
it
oh my god I've had it for since
literally like what July and she goes
you can keep it and I was like thank you
I love me so much but I brought it
thought I would let you guys know cuz
you'd appreciate that anyways I'm going
to edit right now crappy
we gotta upload vlogmas day 20 shopping
adventures okay first off it is so cold
I'm not mad at it though because
honestly like it's always so hot I
always complain about how hot it is here
so it's cool I wanted
Swit my wallet to my new one and I
figured I would do it on camera
let's just hope I don't show all my
credit card information oh my god I have
had this thing for so long but it is so
freaking dirty I'm still probably gonna
use this I think this would be good for
like gift cards or something but I can
have a real I'm oh my god I'm like so
scared of getting this dirty cash goes
up here I'll I can never have cash I'm
actually surprised I have some cash on
me all eight bucks Disneyland pass most
important lighting update time it is a
little bit later and I'm a son hello and
I'm going to pick up some food I have a
ton of errands do I have a million
returns I have to do need some fuel it
some energy
whole question of the day what's the
question ooh what time are you watching
this vlog right now comment it below oh
my god I'm so hungry this smells stole
freaking good huh I'm so hungry
what is up you guys so we are about to
wrap some presents as most of you
probably know Ashley's birthday's on
Christmas so this is actually her
birthday present I'm gonna wrap that
which is why it's not Christmas wrapping
paper
you look so cute on your little blankie
I need to get your Christmas present I
already know what I'm getting you I just
have to go get it low-key
we could do that today how do you feel
about that khlo do you want your present
should mama go get it sorry you're a
super exciting up you guys we're about
to do an unboxing and both of these are
from two-faced oh oh okay oh oh my god
wait there's new eyeshadow can we talk
about this packaging though oh my god it
literally looks like gold just dripping
on a chocolate bar now I just want to
talk about it oh dang oh you know what I
love oh my god bless thank you two-faced
if you're watching this thank you for
having some matte eyeshadows in here
most of these are super shimmery but
bless you for having four matte one oh
my god wait I don't know if I've ever
even used Oh Mike there's like no way
I'll ever use this literally looks like
straight-up gold oh okay and then we
also got some mascara Wow thank you sue
face oh my god very excited for this
palette not gonna lie and they also sent
another package this one's kind of heavy
oh my god
I saw reme unboxes Alicia
congratulations on being part of
YouTube's 2017 rewind from Too Faced
that's super sweet it's a bottle of
champagne with glitter all over it I
feel like this is so random but thank
you that's that's awesome
hey guys what is up so I am about to go
to bed and I just want to end this vlog
this one's a longer vlog with like Haley
shake oh you want some content but yeah
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching I hope that you enjoyed it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye here you
know new year new you
let's do it no one's at the face oh my
god there's no line no line ha you made
voice crack Wow a grande um vanilla
latte with soy milk
