yeahyou vlogs up go watch it go watch it
go watch it watch it
Oh yo making some coffee you look
slimmer good morning guys
don't mind my mess of a hair that is my
hair
definitely not morning I like afternoon
but that's cool ticket in yesterday's
vlog um we had a girly um sleepover at
means
so here's meme and here's to going how
to leave earlier and that we're just
were just servers chillin hanging out
we've been we've been productive this
morning I would definitely say I've been
planning out videos we've been editing
got my vlog up like good so yeah and I
did my makeup forgot lipstick though
good nap so yeah just planning out some
future videos so if you haven't seen any
of these last ones then definitely go
watch it we have girl struggles we got
fake friends we got different types of
girls we got life hacks
we got random things every girl needs we
got stupid hair we go we're do is we got
Ally Shawn and we got awkward Alicia
yeah super chill day I should probably
go home Salman soon to be traffic organs
for the bags I got really bad soon or
you can hang it I some a unit so yeah I
like lately 5 laws I've been like not
knowing what to say that sounds so weird
oh my gosh lot foots in life tiffany has
a little like tripod for her vlog camera
and I find blown and I'm using it right
now and I'm like yep
anyways oh my gosh in you can't even
tell to it like right oh my gosh oh so
we're gonna keep planning out on some
videos and I also I'm going to try to
plan out next week and I have a holding
a list of a whole bunch of upcoming
videos that I don't want to like spoil
so yeah
order some veggie grill and I'm really
excited
get good go into the base plate yeah a
face plate what's wrong - we got our
nails done
can you guys do that isn't that brother
- yeah I can do that it breaks out Josh
really found my boyfriend so that's so
funny
yeah
your service
great hey guys so I'm currently doing a
live stream and I just wanted to UM
bring you this alone for the journey
because um yeah oh oh oh I'm logging I
got my camera guys and they've been
telling me to get my camera for the past
like 30 minutes not even kidding gonna
flip it around I'm gonna flip around I
told you guys I wanted to do you guys
get like a legit behind-the-scenes of a
blog right now I told you guys the other
day that I wanted to do a live stream
just a way to say thank you for a
million vlog babies I'm like still
literally mind blown over that yeah so
we are currently doing it right now it's
basically like a live chat so you guys
can comment while I'm like actually on
the screen does that make sense if you
don't know what it means but anyways
ready yeah say hi guys say hi say hi
yeah I was like laggy yeah literally
just chilling here and Mia's apartment
in her office this is fun if you guys
think our stream or live streams let me
know let me know in the comments of the
vlog and let me know in the comments
right here for you guys it's fun I don't
know I feel like it's an easy way to
kill time you okay okay bye oh my gosh
literally two hours later we're still
here the lighting is horrible as you can
tell I won't say bye
thank you guys so much for coming say
bye hey seriously though this was so so
much fun thank you to everyone who came
and if you did come to my life chat
comment below and this vlog and tell me
that you came cuz yeah it was so much
fun and I definitely wanna do another
one soon I can't believe I've been
sitting here for two hours like a movie
can't believe a lot of you have been
here for two hours but that like means a
lot oh my gosh okay anyways um yeah look
who's home oh I'm home babe she smells
Kenner's hardcore right now she's like
mom where were you why were you with Ken
Nora's without me why did you get to
seek innards out me or not okay guys
update I'm so I'm obviously back home at
my apartment so yeah I'm back home and I
think I'm just going to edit this vlog
although I already know there's like
probably you know footage whatsoever so
I'm really sorry that this is a short
vlog it is currently do did you do in
his 10 30s it wasn't like too late but
like late enough so yeah I'm just going
to I don't know just have a chill night
watching TV
edit this vlog a
yo you guys guess what okay oh my gosh
for the live stream literally everyone
was like Alicia how's your lip kip cut
look I can't talk have your Kylie lip
kit come yet
I was like no but it might be and like
at my permit like at the mailbox or
whatever and not only that but there was
a random package from colour-pop I think
I'm gonna unbox them now but I'm not
gonna put on any swatches or anything
like till tomorrow's vlog so then I'm
sure you guys have seen this in like
every single unboxing that has like the
logo which could be really cute for
decor if you want oh so yeah I got coke
okay it's just a light pinky nude color
and then oh my gosh this is so cute I
love the packaging they did a really
good job with that so if you haven't
seen this before basically it comes with
a lip liner and a liquid lipstick and
this is like the matte finish one
Lighting's kind of hard to see but it's
just like a pinky nude I think it would
have made it like ten times cooler if
the top cap was matte because these are
matte and then unlike the glosses that
had like a glossy cap or whatever I know
a lot of people were complaining about
the original brushes but this one has
like the like non brush you know I'm
gonna be like showing you guys in
tomorrow's vlog so um I'll like do when
I do my makeup I'll definitely use this
when I open this color pop one Jenna has
a line with color pop that's what this
is we got some eyeshadows ultra satin
look oh I've heard a lot about this like
a red one lip liner oh god I got it got
it got it oh oh I get it they all go
together well oh my gosh guys new makeup
product
I'm so excited okay I searched want you
in this vlog again sorry is a little on
the shorter side but I will see you guys
tomorrow new vlog and yeah I love you
guys buddy
