hey guys what's a DS Wednesday if you're
wondering hey I might vlog a little late
I'm so sorry it's like 12:30 I guess
it's not like that late I guess
sometimes I definitely start my blog
around this time but I just wanted to
start today's vlog I uploaded
yesterday's earlier this morning so go
watch that man if you are a die-hard max
baby go back watch that vlog because
there is a very obvious hint of what
this week's video is some of you noticed
already and I was like oh dang they're
on it damn if you want to know what this
week's video is go watch my last vlog
and watch it closely but don't say what
it is in the comments okay don't do it
you have to go watch it okay okay so I'm
currently just packing up right now
because I use kind of exciting day I'm
headed over to Monica and Shelby's and
we're gonna film a video for their
channel just like that I'm really
excited when the video comes out I'll
definitely let you guys know and link it
it's like a prom themed video so it's
gonna be really fun I don't think I've
ever done anything for that channel and
we've been friends for such a long time
so yeah then afterwards I headed over to
Mia's because we're just gonna have like
a girls night yeah so that's the plan
yeah after the day I took showers so my
hair is all wet and whatnot but we're
seeing a lot of air dry because I'm
supposed to like get ready in the video
so yeah anyways I'm wearing just like
gray romper which is from Urban
Outfitters I got it in Pennsylvania with
Nikki if you remember and my the LA wait
oh my gosh I don't think I showed this
in my vlog hall or did I get a spin no I
don't think I did whatever I got
recently and then this little like tank
top is also from Urban Outfitters like
gosh I'm all urban out finish up the
playoff awesome there my shoes are from
Steve Madden it was like vans but
they're not they're just like yeah so
yeah that is my outfit of is a day I
want to add a choker though
oh sure so let's get a choker on I think
we're gonna go with this one today and I
also got this from Urban Outfitters that
Nikki she has the same one so we got
like like friendship one don't worry
that one in the corner of my top drawer
in my dresser I have all of my like
accessories and like chokers and
necklaces and scarves and like all that
fun stuff back so yeah let's put this on
it seriously so pretty I'm so yeah it's
so much better
I've been loving chokers lately and
obviously like they're super trendy
right now I don't know I just feel like
they like add so much to your outfit and
it's just like I'm going to head out the
door
oh my battery's already done no also
quick reminder tomorrow night I'm doing
a you now which is just a livestream so
the links to be the downbar really calm
we could come and chat hang out it's
gonna be so much fun update I'm really
I'm elegant Shelby's and I am obsessed
their apartment the lighting is like
beautiful beautiful there's so many
windows it's so bright I'm obsessed but
yeah so I just finished my makeup for
they like prom makeup and stuff let's go
oh hey guys so we currently we post made
of these things from creation and I've
seen them everywhere Marie so basically
they're little like oh wait like it's
right man
um I think it's the wrong one oh but you
know what hair nail and skin like that's
cool if you have a Whole Foods and the
ginger Sean did taste really bad yeah or
like Jamba Juice oughta have the wheat
shot yeah like a whole bunch of vitamins
basically but they haven't like a
syringe because whatever so anyways we
wanted to try them I hope this looks
good cuz it's not the one that it's like
green and I'm nervous I'm nervous I'm
not gonna try it together taste testing
and look like it's like lip injection oh
yeah I smell the green I smell the green
one two three man I'm so disappointed
I wanted the pretty one what was it bad
have you ever done like a juice cleanse
because this one tasted exactly like one
I've had a sweet fillings cleansing
videos man Saturday you'll know the
video is out it's gonna be epic get
excited how's the video goin basically
great after you can tell you should do
your hair like that like all totally
says I call it the edgy prom queen pair
of oils also can we talk about
instagrams updates what are your
thoughts let me know in the comments I'm
like torn I really don't like the logo I
think but I like the look of it like all
why I mean obviously like oh I love why
I like that I don't know like let me
know your thoughts in the comments to
Graham's update like here's gonna look
make a vanity we're currently filming
Monica wants to go grab a lunch which
I'm really excited for I'm kinda hungry
yeah it's gonna sit humming ready we
have all stages yeah three or four yes
about halfway through a bowling good
going strong what else um I did a it's
my
I'm Monica and Shelby are currently
cat-sitting so there's like two random
Kathy hello we are filming and um um
yeah a couple things left
Oh what do you guys want the thumbnail
to be like woo be our promise I'd yeah
click Reaper nectar Alicia left her vlog
camera almost for good but I say you're
welcome oh we saw lighting oh this is
Keith
he was my prom date so we finished
filming and I needed to do some really
good Monica do you have a upload date
uttered a Saturday now today if you want
to see me ride a motorcycle
yeah I'll have to link in the downbar
you think yeah more description horison
I think like remember at the sidebar
like the sidebar oh that's why I always
called it down Marc is the first one
with side and then this one was down
there yellow subscribe but I kind of
missed the other one but I like the red
one Jerusalem back baby what's up with
my hair like it it's not anymore
well I need like a bobby pin in here
Caspar I can wash and friend
I love how we're just chilling here on
the floor like there's a beautiful couch
right there but we're just like hey
we're having a girls sleepover like old
school girls sneak over to watch a movie
how good eat chocolate be good gonna be
good pink I'm gonna yeah yeah those are
we do it it's um super random and um
spontaneous but that's why I love it can
it be only a guy here some male presence
but he's loving it look at he's like it
he's like oh so many girls all around me
update tag and we watched ratatouille
and ate popcorn and I'm just editing I
did this bog til this point I also got
ready for bed that's why I'm full fee
distance right now whoa I almost did pee
sign with the sign and then I just
didn't know to do so I was like she's
really regular bulldogs again oh they're
many more
oh wait that helps so much yeah I think
so much for watching um we're gonna go
to bed because we're really tired I just
snapchatted good night with like a
little emoji patricia's you should go
see it let me in such a beautiful angle
there sleepover we didn't let it bug
much sorry guys next time
fresh chef Lata's sleepovers oh yeah
anyways um I'll see you guys tomorrow
new vlog and yeah please
