just put yesterday's vlog up on public
so go watch it
getting ready / q√† go watch it now I
get to read all you guys is caught all
those turn that off because um
that'd be annoying Alan I love you oh my
god so funny
I was dying at your - yesterday and then
now I'm like dying on this comment so
funny good morning guys
no today is Tuesday I keep getting all
like everyday I think it's a different
day it's really about today is Tuesday
and I'm going to start putting on some
makeup I'm schooling come on a little
bit of makeup you want to see what I
always liked like the tripod that you
guys always sit on when I like have this
shot I put my pencil cups there and then
I put the speaker on top and I put my
camera sits right here yeah um I said it
so many times that I'm seriously loving
the whole makeup and of course you're
gonna get some youtube videos up here
low-key my favorite part of putting
makeup on every single day
I am this is okra blush oh my gosh one
second there you go yes please makeup
look no eye shadow just mascara for lips
I'm using Mac's pink flat it's just like
a matte pink color as well going on
right now let's see what mess my hair is
I saw most the time I sleep with it in a
bun when I take it out it looks horrible
but every now and then I take it out and
it looks like beautiful so yeah hmm it's
not too bad guys lately I've been so
lazy and I've just been wearing like
baseball hats every day and I'm kind of
want to do that stay too but then I'm
like should get ready don't want to
we're not gonna do my hair today
okay so I was just filling in a whole
bunch of stuff in my agenda and it made
me remember that everyone has been
asking where this planner is from this
is an Erin Condren planner it is a
little expensive the perfect thing you
could ever imagine like the way that
it's laid out it has stickers as folders
just oh it's perfect
honestly I was using that person who
went through so many planners like I
would buy them all but I would never use
them just because I never checked them
this like it makes me want to check it
everyday it makes me want to write stuff
down I seriously love it they have so
many different covers you can get it
customized so I just got an a.m. yeah
it's seriously perfect I love it so much
I love the tabs it's amazing go buy
yourself one so yeah I'm actually headed
back out to LA today I'm meeting with my
manager so that's will be really fun I'm
gonna try to remember to blog go try
yeah we're gonna get coffee and Sun I'm
totally comfy today after the day chair
desk chair Edition Marga Deena's their
Ashlee's wearing these black jeans are
from Topshop and they're my favorite
jeans ever they're so comfortable and I
love them and this sweatshirt is from
brandy melville that's what I'm wearing
and here's an outfit
finally found parking worst part about
la yeah so just got here and we're gonna
get some coffee I'm really excited that
my coffee at whether it's weird it's
like over caste and like yeah oh my gosh
you guys this is the cutest thing in the
world like this is the coffee cup oh my
gosh oh say hi this is Emma gale most of
you know her seriously so I was like
it's really cool it's the whole like
decor and atmosphere is intense I love
it it's kind of hard to see but yeah I
like it
now I'm gonna drink my coffee hey guys
so meeting was really really really well
I really liked it it went really free
wonderful it went really good went
really well and it made me realize I'm
sure a lot of you guys are like why do
youtubers have meetings well I'm so glad
you're wondering that cuz I'd love to
tell you great and I can only speak from
my own experience um but like there's so
many reasons to have like meetings and
stuff especially like as your channel
grows there's more opportunities and you
don't want to like get like screwed over
like legal-wise and stuff so it's really
good to like I don't know does that make
sense
no probably done about him oh hold on my
mom's going me
oh hi okay so like hour later I talked
to my mom for like ever on the phone and
I totally completely forget what I was
talking about earlier before she called
anyways I'm almost home and I feel so
bad Ashley like woke up with the flu
like she is so sick though I think
tonight we're still too alone like if
she needs to be be I could like I'll be
home hopefully I don't get it too so I
was just about to do some online
shopping just been challenged since I
got home like I had a lot of like emails
and like busy work and like agenda stuff
so I was doing that for a while um
Ashley I feel so bad she's just like
passed out on the couch right now then
like trying to be quiet
um yeah so she can sleep going to do
some online shopping because um I have a
couple shoots next week where I want
really cute office and I'm gonna have
outfit that's all I'm gonna say so I'll
see how much I could blog then but we'll
get there when we get this yeah I think
I'm gonna
what sites to like ads question of the
day comment below your favorite sites to
online shop because I know like for
instance for me like I love shopping at
certain stores but maybe I don't like
shopping online at those stores you
don't I mean right now if you were to
grab a computer and you had a hundred
dollar gift card to shop wherever where
would you shop yeah okay my hair is all
weird
let me know down below in the comments
of this video a oh man I'm so stupid
okay
so I'm currently editing this vlog right
now time to edit my bed tonight I don't
know sometimes I do sometimes I don't
really weird if I did find some stuff um
when I was shopping I got a jacket that
I'm really excited about I'm really
really really really hoping that it
comes by Monday I paid for express
shipping but they didn't have overnight
option so I'm like really hoping that it
comes they said it'll come no later than
Monday but it said two to three-day
shipping so I'm just really like cross
your fingers with me that I come by
Monday I'm like super comfy right now
and I'd rate I'd update you guys should
I show should I show you I show you oh I
also made an order on Urban Outfitters
but that's more like just casual like
everyday so like whatever I finally did
order a pair of Adidas that are my own
because I always still Ashley the white
one but in my own hair and I'm really
excited for this to come this is Jack
that I ordered I'm seriously so excited
for it I thought it was white but it's
clear it just like what what oh my gosh
I thought it was so so cool I thought
it'd be really cute with a crop top like
that underneath because like it's still
a jacket but it's like see-through and I
totally do not expect everyone to like
it but I seriously thought it was
adorable
so yeah that's them that's what I got
and that I'm hoping comes in time I
still need to get my makeup so I should
probably do that
really soon I'm loved
very light they seriously like they let
her down it's like they make me like
tired is that weird probably hey guys so
I just edited this video it is now 11:30
it feels kind of early I feel like
normally go to bed at like 1:00 figured
out just in this vlog here because I'm
honestly just gonna get ready for bed
maybe try to go to bed early I don't
know why am I having like a down angle I
don't know it's coming I love you guys
so so so much and I will see you
tomorrow with a new vlog and um and yeah
okay bye
