good morning guys what is that so
currently about to leave for the emirate
right now I'm a little tired I got like
two hours of sleep three hours jerison
currently headed to Montana today that
should be good do you have the flight is
hopefully it's not too long and
hopefully I sleep the entire time Poe
bleeds not too long and hopefully I
sleep like the entire time being a
cartoon hello yeah that's perfect
I'll be out in two seconds okay fine
stuff with you let's go
what I've got is lovely currently 1200
curling Colorado for my layover got some
star you did some coffee I literally
slept the entire first life and yeah oh
I just put my blog public yeah you go
watch it go watch it we're gonna watch
it go watch it I like my own videos that
embarrassing probably getting on the
plane it's small
a giant
we just landed you're here okay we're
here this is so random and so awesome
and I'm so excited
also you guys more about it in like a
little bit hey guys what's up I'm
currently in the freakin woods casual
introduce yourselves Caroline does it
mean this I'm this trip I'm not like by
myself in the woods guys don't worry oh
thank you I must have jumped out
you guys are like why are you here why
are you in the woods why are you before
what if two woods the forest
hi Melissa I am shooting a very exciting
segment with Good Morning America we're
here in Montana and we're going glamping
if you don't know what glamping is it's
the glamorous side to camping you guys
have to see my tent
it's literally like it's not even a tent
it's like a hotel room but it's a tent
it's like so crazy I'm here until
tomorrow it's gonna be fun you guys we
just see my tent right now casual right
just just walking up the stairs
literally this is the entryway look at
this is this not so cute oh my gosh okay
okay so here we go oh isn't this crazy
what is life this is like it's at it the
nicest thing I've ever camp
I haven't camped in like ten years
twelve years maybe bigger than my actual
bed at home I think something's wrong oh
and in back here is a bathroom and a
shower it's like so crazy it's actually
crazy so yeah you guys give us a little
behind scenes of it once it's a pile
totally like twee toppling and
everything to the videos that were
shooting and like the segment that's
like gonna be aired yeah that's what
we're doing oh my gosh oh if we're
shooting tomorrow to give room service
here Oh
what kind of food oh my god they have
room service this is like literally a
hotel it's not even a sign campaign it's
not camping also till we left my cameras
and I'm dying I'm Karen really like it
is so pretty here all of you that like
actually live at a place like this
you're like okay Lisa like you're just
choose to cities and doesn't until it's
so pretty summer you guys I'm on set
we'll just going to move here not but I
like kind of really want to don't even
know how beautiful this is
do you see this Bluebird
we need more than corpse and wishes for
us to make it through the night
stormy weather where we eyes up to make
it through the
father's night is all I look at you
behind the scenes
OSHA's photoshoot on the road just had
an impromptu photo shoots in the middle
of the road and Montana at a national
park Yolo you never know what the day is
gonna bring enough hey guys oh my gosh
okay first of all don't mind it's like a
sheen on my face is cuz like the lantern
thing like that's what that is long
story short I moved ten um
I should have logged this we started the
fire and the next thing we know it's
like so smoky in the room like so smoky
so you're like oh my gosh so we move yes
um series exciting I'm so sorry that
this vlog is so ugly random and I'm
definitely gonna be putting it together
with tomorrow tomorrow's vlog I feel so
bad because I've been on such a good at
vlogging game like I haven't missed a
day in like two weeks or something and
now I'm like date morning guys
it's freezing oh my gosh it's so so cool
it looks so cool how cold is it checking
out the weather I would say it's cold on
39 degrees well little chilly a little
cold for gonna shoot a little more stuff
for the Good Morning America segment
it's just like me like showing what
glamping is and like camping keeps my
breasts so I'm about to put on some
makeup and guys we are ready obviously
obviously I'm literally layered so
frickin much I have one two three four
layers beneath my leggings and have um
knee-high socks under this and then my
UGG a little less cold and I got the
fire going
holla it just started it so hopefully it
uh hopefully it gets big real quick but
here's a little room tour or tent to or
should I say it's like really cool I
told you last night that I moved rooms
and this one is like it's more like
woodsy and pretty cool so yeah so
there's like a little chairs over here
Betty's looks really huge so um that's
that's the been you first walk in like
the very metal you see this just tree
because it's like in the tree it's like
really cool the dresser back there
there's a shower and a sink over here a
toilet and then a fireplace it's cute
it's legit
Leisha on your blog trying to build it
right now and I'm dad as you're watching
this I'm hoping I do good cause you
taught me a little bit of shots earlier
and after this I think we're suing some
Northland so we make s'mores I'm so
excited
mol Reese all my viewers knew I was
talking about in a tent I had a little
bit of hook I think we're finally
getting somewhere it's starting to
actually look like a tent so I can see
really excited I believe in myself I
made a sin correction we made a tent
because that's like halfway through
everyone help me we're gonna make a fire
this view do you see this vo it's like
gorgeous I can't touch a random 24 hours
of my life hello that's my water okay
that's cool that's cool
he's so chunk he doesn't even littered
minute Flynn it like Big Bang fire I
made fire it's gotta let it get begged
up okay Leonard is obsessed with me he
won't leave me alone
okay now he leaves me alone fine walk
away pretend like you don't care pretend
like you don't like me it's cool second
I take the camera I say I'm so excited
guys I really want a s'more s'mores
sounds so good flight is at 3 o'clock
excited all you guys no one's a segment
out on a Good Morning America I've never
thought I'd be on that show let's do a
camping outfit of the day shall we
beanie is from Topshop it has a little
like on it which I like a lot jack is my
black leather jacket that I got from
urban I seriously wear it like all the
time my flannel is from Abercrombie &
Fitch this is like a long thermal I
think I owe this one three people I got
on sale y'all spin I'm wearing some
black jeggings from American Eagle and
then I have knee-high socks on under
this you can't tell but they're keeping
me warm then my uggs which are getting
really dirty so we're gonna make some
s'mores we got chocolate we got graham
crackers we got the marshmallows you
want your marshmallows I guess bold into
ground color not too
but not like yeah oh my gosh oh my gosh
wrong
