good morning guys what is absolute
starting the vlog a little different
today
currently 12:52 p.m. a little more
dressed up to normal I actually have a
really exciting panel that I'm doing
today which is like I love panel I love
talking like obviously you guys know
that I can ramble for like ever so
anytime in maybe I'm not good at talking
maybe I shouldn't be doing this
so anytime I'm invited to do and I
always say yes just till I genuinely
love like helping other creators and
stuff if you don't know panels are
basically they like select a few people
to go up and you just like talk to a
group of people about whatever like
questions and answers or usually they
revolve around like how to start your
YouTube like what are other tips for
people all that kind of stuff yeah I'm
currently about to drive out to LA to go
do that it shouldn't be too long I'm
thinking it's gonna be like maybe an
hour or two but yeah also threw together
this outfit that um you probably can't
really see right now but it turned out
pretty cute I'm gonna do it after today
remind me later although you guys can't
really remind me later cuz I the time
you see this is gonna be way past it
hanging out lads - all remember even if
I leave right now I'm still gonna get
there super early so I think I'm gonna
go to Starbucks get some coffee
wake up might get a latte and yeah hi
can I have a grande iced green tea
unsweetened a grande v.i.c no sweetener
yeah okay enough up guys were in the
Sabbats drive-thru you know what that
means pay it forward but again there is
no one behind me in line but last time
like right when I got to the window
someone pulled in so maybe oh yeah yeah
yeah
what's down
awesome can I also pay for the car
behind me rooster crows tear down oh
wait oh wait oh wait
okay cool no but thank you can thoughts
a grande iced green tea and sweetened so
yeah let's let's go
- yourself and you need experience
because you feel like your best friend I
don't on this video anyway like I said
they're best friends meeting for the
first time and it's great how much like
you they know about you and like hey
how's your dog like random stuff you
wouldn't just tell a stranger you know
so like three days like today quality
over quantity you can explain I feel my
best videos have come from times like
that so again like it's almost like
taking a step back to take three steps
forward so the panel is really good and
I just got this huge swag bag I'm
excited to go through when I get home
debating getting to work right now
that's right down the street again oh
yes we got some earth and I'm really
excited
hey guys so update just currently 454
p.m. on my way home finally battery may
die any second so if it does sorry I
decided to get some earth because it was
literally right down the street I was in
downtown LA so I decided to get some
earth because I wanted the hummus and
tabbouleh salad is so bad but I got one
for Ashley because she was really really
really wanting one the other night so I
was like I'm a surprise her really
hoping there isn't too much traffic on
the way home whew let's do it
oh my gosh just got home and now me
surprised - you know so don't try it
there's a little bit of traffic this
cool is cool
um so fail ashes at the gym but that's
okay it's gonna be home super soon and I
figured I'd give you guys outfits of the
day because I said I would and I totally
forgot to earlier so let's do it if
volley on snapchat you would have
already seen this because I posted
earlier my oh-oh-oh toto
what do I think my OTD so a choker is
from brandy melville a lot of people
have it but I thought it was super cute
so um I still got it it's like a really
thick just like choker which is really
cute
bralla is from Free People whereas oh
this is like oh this is the leotard
thing that I showed you guys in Annie
Hall with Nicki that I did those blog
haul and yeah it's a little low
cuz hashtag long torso props but it's
cool bralette fixes it that's from urban
as well as my shorts I also showed these
in the hall they're super cute and flowy
and comfy which I like and then I'm
wearing my thigh high boots which I got
from Nordstrom as you guys know because
over them all time oh and then I was
also wearing um that like white like
jacket if you guys saw that from and
this from Free People I got on clearance
um a couple years ago yeah it's my OTD
hi hi babes why are you extra cute
lately you're so extra cute oh my gosh
also we totally rearrange the living
room I don't know if you noticed okay
not like crazy rearranged it but we just
switch this part of the couch was on
this side like the little like what
what's it called lounge part was over
here so we switched it to that side and
then we moved the coffee table to the
middle know if you can tell but it's so
much more open and I feel like it's more
like a living room you know cuz like I
don't know it's like not as cluttered
and I feel like it has lot more space
and stuff and yes oh okay okay
aboard I told him you were craving it
yes it's literally what I wanted
hey Lina yay
you go with you we got some brutes we
got some salad okay we're gonna eat by
eat what up we are currently editing and
I have so much to do before oh my gosh I
don't even tell you guys oh my god I'm
fine to Montana tomorrow so random
so this is so so random hop see
tomorrow's vlog to figure out what I'm
doing in Montana literally there for
like 24 hours actually kind of exciting
and really random and it's gonna be a
good blog not sure if I'll be able to
upload because I'm not sure how the
signal is gonna be I'm definitely gonna
blog those days but may not just go up
the very next day so I might be gone for
a day don't worry still there definitely
I'm me on snapchat though cuz that way
you can see more like what's going on
the a so I have to pack for that I leave
here at 6 a.m. tomorrow morning which
sucks but it could be worse it could be
like 3 a.m. so I'm not complaining too
much have my whole video to edit I have
to pack I have homework and I have my
blog to edit and get that ready to
upload for tomorrow morning so a little
dress just like dang I'd like to get
sleep tonight
but there's a chance that I won't get
any sleep tonight you know what I mean
you know what I mean this is what I'm
going to be doing for the next 4 or 5
hours probably like 6 or 7 hours let's
be real chilling on the couch also this
is a screenshot from last week's video
definitely go watch it if you guys
haven't yet it's already at 2 million
views which is crazy
the fake friends versus real friends um
collab with it niki and gabi so girls go
watch it
someone is tired hey guys so is
currently I think like 12 something well
after midnight ashley is sleeping on the
living rooms and tryna go ahead
currently packing hi you'd be so proud
of me I finished editing my video so
excited I was editing it all frickin
night like 6 hours I'm not even kidding
I was just tonight like last night with
all my gosh Chloe's so tired you like
can't let go to bed mama as you can see
I'm doing some packing normally I'd be
like Oh guess why I'm going to Montana
but honestly it's so random so so random
so you guys just enough to see tomorrow
so long you know what I'm doing there
but yeah I'm excited though it should be
really fun try it I'm like blanking so
harder now I'm I want my camera oh well
like my vlog camera battery I think I
have everything at least for the most
part I have no
honestly Oh Chloe you're so cute gonna
finish packing
wish me luck and then I really should
edit this book tonight
don't edit it tonight that means it's
probably not gonna go up until like
Tuesday realistically I'd really don't
that to happen okay what do I need I
need my computer but I'm gonna edit so
not yet phone charger vlog battery
charger uh I think that's all oh my gosh
I feel like I'm blankie there we go all
packed yeah I'm like totally bumming it
right now
don't mind me so homework is done video
is done and it's uploaded on private
ready to go so all I have to do is
upload it from I'm all packed and now
the only thing left to do is edit this
vlog I'm going to try to edit it so fast
at least like half and then I feel like
maybe tomorrow I'll figure out I don't
like I don't know like are there gonna
be outlets there I don't know I'm sure
there will be honestly I don't really
know how the signal is gonna be where I
am probably just wants to suck it up
edit the vlog and have it like ready to
go um but then there's no apartment it's
like well you should go to bed you have
to get up well I don't know we'll see
okay
