good morning guys what is up so today is
Saturday it's currently 8:52 a.m. it
feels way earlier than that I like I'm
so tired
ash and I wanted to get I cannot talk
lately I have not been able to talk
actually story of my life I can never
talk we are currently headed to some
breakfast this is what we're doing and
then I'm meeting with my group after
breakfast just like across the street
for school right first of all oh you got
an Edition study good yeah so I figured
I'd come and edit my video while they
are working on the presentation I'm
gonna go to some coffee shop about last
night so I'm kind of hoping that is not
the same workers but I'm wearing a very
similar outfit to what I wore last night
so that's why I was like oh snap this
looks so good we got some avocado toast
egg hash bands the sliding is like
perfect
I take overcast and there's a white wall
and a white table like what breakfast
was so good and now we're headed to go
edit yeah this is like I feel so early
cuz it's all overcast but I love it okay
let's do this
you
got the coffee I got a latte with soy
milk and was going to be editing in this
week's video my computer phone were like
dead by relating analysis I'm literally
sitting here like in the corner in a
chair that's like too big for the bar
here Ashley's over there I'm sure being
a resident Inaba going on
okay update I'm so productive it's
almost 12:00 now ash had your project
think oh it was really good God more
prepared than I thought I was right now
we are stopping by target before we go
home I'm and desperate need of makeup
wipes I have it done I think that's the
only thing I need though although you
know now target is but let's let's do it
hey great great right yeah okay so
Ashley has her presentation on Monday
she has to buy a navy outfit that's
business specialist where that where
that artists that's what you need look
at there it is you just need a pant it's
just a presentation well then buy I just
get the pant and a regular blouse got
some makeup wide yeah my gosh these pens
are so cute oh my gosh you guys I just
found the cutest mouse pad and I've been
needing a new one for the longest time
someone's like black and I really wanted
to call everyone they have this like
pink circle one with gold polka dot on
it I've never seen anything like this
I'm so excited definitely getting that
I'm so much for only getting makeup
wipes you wait you were just going for
makeup wipes in an outfit Hey okay so
it's because the house Saturday errands
shout out to Mia I'm totally getting
these they're like the coolest things in
the world huh cool blast coolest yes
have you tried these you're about to be
mine
yes all sneak peek after I got
we got the goods sorry I shouldn't let a
last bike I got you impromptu grocery
haul we got some cilantro cut some
carrot baby spinach rice cakes these
things are so good if you guys are like
just ever wanting like a little snack
like we love these with peanut butter on
them yo some hummus I've showed these
before but these are seriously like my
favorite things we kind of like don't
really eat chips much but we love these
so much like snappy crisps the lightly
salted I showed them sneaky and Gabby
and they were like obsessed with him -
we love peanut butter so we kind of go
through that fast so we always get like
a huge thing of peanut butter green
salsa and oh and we got some cherries
yesterday I was just telling Ashley how
cherries remind me so much of summer and
like summer vacation so we got some
super hungry so I think I'm gonna eat
right now but I think later I'll show
you guys what I got a try also be non
like food-related no Bam's do can makeup
on and you guys what I'm wearing on my
lips a new one bring the Kylie lip kit I
honestly just wearing foundation a
little bit of blush Sheldon my eyebrows
and put some mascara on like I'm not
wearing any eyeshadow or anything thrown
all over the makeup and I love how it
still looks good like with very minimal
makeup so I feel like some like like lip
stuff like doesn't only not only looks
good but looks the better when you have
a lot of makeup on so I don't know I'm
obsessed I can pull this down out I
always like shades half of my face I
feel like in vlogs I'm always like you
know ya know hey guys so I told you that
I would do a haul for you from what I
got from Target this morning and that's
what I'm about to do let's do it is it
bad that part of me like didn't want to
show you everything that I bought
because I said I was just going for
makeup wipes but you know what good
thing is I actually remembered the
makeup wipes because there's so many
times where you go for one thing and you
actually forget one thing that you
needed then I also got a little like
envelope team to have cute ones there I
need to ship out package so I was like
look at that then I and then you guys
totally saw the mousepad that I got I'm
gonna put it up my chest right after I
film this part I've been wanting a new
mousepads when it's so cute and it's
like it matches my room perfectly I'm
excited for that
how much of us but yet saw this was in
the bathroom sectional the glamor caddy
but you can put all your makeup here and
it has a little handle and I thought
this would be perfect for my Alex tine
drawer set where I have all my makeup
where I could have all my everyday
essentials here and then I could just
grab it every morning and then do my
makeup at my desk because you guys know
I love doing that all the time so I
thought that would be really cool this
was I don't know idea how much weight
fit again don't know the price but I got
it and I liked it there's so many
different compartments and stuff so um
so yeah I got some pens because I really
needed some new pens you cannot find a
pen in this house I'm not even kidding
I'm literally down to one that I've been
like saving and making sure that I don't
lose it got the new candles oh my gosh
so good this is Island moonlight and
Monica or Shelby if you're watching this
I totally got it because when I was at
their apartment they have this candle
that smells so so good and it reminded
me of an anthropology candle for like
literally a third of the price oh my
gosh it smells so so so so good so I got
that candle another candle and the exact
same scent like in a little Bowl I
thought that was so unique so I like
really really liked that I thought it
was so cute and like decor like and last
thing that I got RIT I figure cool blast
mints Ashley you have to try these
because you haven't tried them yet ready
for this running from them that's what I
got from Target try it try it
right it's like you think it's gone but
it's a mint it's really cool
siren dandy ice baker cool black
peppermint shoes and the next thing you
know they like dissolve in your mouth
and like throw ma'am they're really cool
good you try them
status Mia so it's currently 528 I love
you can see that I've just been sitting
here editing while watching Walking Dead
we just finished that and now we are
watching fear The Walking Dead Season 2
episode 1 question of the day what is
your favorite TV show commented below
below and cons I can no we have pretty
cool so we get to switch out this mouse
pad with this mouse pad I'm so excited I
love it I love it I love it don't mind
the fact that um it's like Missy over
here yeah ok outfit of the day hat is
okay honestly I'm not sure I got it as a
gift everyone has it I want C's from
brandy melville velocities from brandy
but I got a part like literally like two
years ago so having no idea it is like a
Nellie like Dodger hat although um cards
fan but still jacket is Ashley's where's
it from brandy also and where's your
shirt from Target necklace is a private
21 it's just a black choker and then my
leggings are from Victoria's Secret pink
bottom so we decided to have a
spontaneous night and go to the movie
theater boom
hey ash are you um excited about this
decision I'm very excited what are we
seeing Civil War dozen 104 next one will
be world Oh
oh my gosh GU gu movie movie was so good
because Evans is so hot guys like mmm
you're obviously home now I'm going to
edit this vlog yeah G guys in a bit
let's do it so that you guys like
today's vlog I just finished editing it
and I want to say good night
I'm gonna go he ready for better
