hey guys what's up may 13 that had
totally check on my computer and my hair
is crazy right now so don't mind that
this Friday I went to the gym this
morning that was spent well oh it was
fun was it was workout but I killed it
so it was cool um yes came home edited
and uploaded yesterday's vlog Thurman
came home and uploaded yesterday's vlog
so that is up you guys should definitely
definitely go watch it I unbox the Kylie
lip kit that I got and the colour-pop
makeup that they sent me right there go
watch it go watch it go watch it watch
and yeah today we are filming for this
week's video I'm actually really excited
for it I think you guys are really
really gonna like it so I was just about
to start getting ready for that sitting
here gonna do my makeup and watch some
YouTube videos and yeah let's do it yes
you got Colbert I just got back from
banana ash just got back from class so
that's why she usually stops and gets
his coffee so it's like being awesome
coffee in a module and I usually go to
my home this one's like a really cool
like hip street cafe on your school's
really good really good
reminds me of Alfred's in LA case we're
gonna watch some YouTube videos and
finish my makeup
okay so makeup is done except I want to
put on the Kylie lip kit that I got
yesterday if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog I do like an unboxing of it but I
haven't watched it or put it on or
anything yet that's what we're about to
do I'm going to give you guys my honest
review and opinions and just thoughts
overall this is my first lip kit I've
ever had I know everyone like has a
million this is the only one I have I
just want to see if it's worth it let
you guys know like if I think you really
need to get it or if it's just like yeah
cool you should get it you know I got
poked okay just a light pinky nude color
and let's try it out shall we
oh my gosh I'm so excited I think I'm
gonna love it
I really think I'm gonna like it a lot
okay so first on the lip liner they're
really creamy which is really nice
because it doesn't hurt my lip and lip
liners like aren't that moisturizing it
can actually kind of hurt oh my gosh I
love the color so that's a lip liner I
am obsessed with it I really love the
color how creamy it is like it doesn't
feel like drying at all
it still feels moisturizing and most lip
liners don't feel moisturizing okay so
now going in repeat liquid lipstick also
this is a newer wand without the brush
because I know a lot of people had
issues with that realness let's try it
it's still so freaking good
thank God I was kind of really hoping I
wouldn't like them that much because
this can be a really bad problem and
then I want them all now like I actually
want them all honestly I feel like this
is gonna be my favorite so this is like
my color like my like go-to color and
like every like lipstick that I ever buy
I feel like it's so pretty I seriously
love this so much Ashley like this it's
pretty pretty I love it you guys it's
bad overall thoughts my only only only
only thing that I would recommend I
would have loved because these are matte
I would have loved if the cap was matte
like I think that'd be a really cool
finish to it like making it matte and
then the ones that are glossy have like
a super like high glossy cap and finish
you know what I mean like that's
literally just packaging though you know
like having like the cat matte eye
I would feel like hands down by ten
times even more but regardless of that
because obviously that's just packaging
a product itself I'm obsessed with I
really really like it if you have the
money definitely get 100% would buy it
again a hundred percent would recommend
it anyways we are about to film I'm
gonna straighten my hair super super
super quick and uh yeah let's do it
it could also put my hair up cuz I was
like you know what why not why not I'm
gonna choke her to dude shop good I like
your top dang oh wait oh my gosh okay
guys how the vlog haul or did you see
ash I did see it I thought that this was
like the center so when I tried to put
it on today I was like why does it not
fit up and I was like oh my gosh like oh
I think it's a one shoulder event like
me that you were trying to figure it out
she was like are you sure that's how it
goes in like yeah I think so so you try
to put entire you put your head in the
little I had it no big into that yeah
you upload every single weekend on this
channel so don't forget to subscribe so
you don't miss out on any of those and
yes yeah intro is done and now we're
gonna start filming some bang I'll give
you a hint it is summer related get
excited good excited what are you
wearing right now um guys underwear
fun fact if I'm ever not tall enough for
like a scene or something we sit on
pillows also do you guys like my Hara I
just like felt like doing something
different today snack time having some
bananas and peanut butter
oh no it's hard one-handed hmm so this
is the setup that we're going with right
now and that's what it looks like okay I
really I've never liked that word
honestly like a web-like stapler and a
grocery bag you gotta go get out but
we're doing it we're so doing it okay so
like oh my gosh this is about to happen
so nervous right now you don't even know
really behind the scenes of this wish me
luck hello so excited little nervous oh
my god how'd it go um well I went in
with this guy
so um totally left the wall camera and
the apartment which sucks but I figured
we'd still up to you guys from the nice
camera we are filming going good this is
the last thing we have to do I'm really
excited Bulls okay ready here we go
let's do it
hey guys what the update time is
currently 11:33 p.m. and I ended up
filming then we went to a coffee shop
and we did some editing she did some
homework cuz she had some presentations
next week that's what's been going on
the past like six hours or so first
things first I'm gonna change it to some
comfy clothes cuz this is cute and all
but I really would love some just like
sweats and like something comfy
I'm although this is actually pushed in
comfy then I'm going to edit this vlog
maybe edit um the video that I come
today a little more and yeah I think
we're just gonna have a chill night it's
already mostly over so yeah we'll see
how much i can edit before I like fall
asleep so slams hey guys hope that you
liked today's vlog and I will see you
tomorrow with a new blog I Shawn just
ended really quickly um yeah I love you
guys and I've been loving the blog
lately and I hope that you have too and
what's tomorrow
I don't wanna be fun day I guess I
anyways I love you guys I'll see you
later
