good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
at 20
let's also hit some honey up in here you
guys are like what at least she's not
having coffee nope today's a tea day
yesterday I was wondering if I was
getting sick and this morning with your
it hurts a lot more than it did
yesterday although I can talk which is
weird
but it feels weird like I don't know how
to explain it I don't know it's really
weird I got my bun looks like I don't
even know what it looks like I just so
today's gonna be a chill day I do have
some editing to do but other than that I
think I'm just gonna chill so this is my
holic you outfit right yeah morning
falesha sweatshirt I wear every single
freaking day is from PacSun his shorts
are Victoria's Secret pink socks are
from Mia I got them she has me for
Christmas like two years ago oh yeah
suck you hashtag fashion goals you guys
new video is up actually uploaded an
extra video this week it is weird food
combinations with Joey literally you
guys this video is actually so freakin
funny let me like my own video because I
literally spent hours and hours and
hours and hours apart trying to get it
up yeah go watch it there you guys are
if you see your comment let me know NZ
cons my hair in general right now is
just so not cute I was going to do it
today but then I honestly I'm gonna try
to go to the gym tonight and you guys it
is literally the comfiest thing ever
which makes me really happy because I
was very nervous my hair anyways I'm
gonna get ready because I have some
last-minute Christmas shopping to do and
I will get it done cuz yesterday was a
huge fail ended up only buying stuff for
myself I only got two things yesterday
and they were for me so that sucks
tomorrow I'm doing a gift exchange with
Mia so I need get something for her the
Sun just went away like why why why do
you have to do that oh let me get up Oh
someone behind a cloud I am feeling a
little better if you guys are wondering
I still feel like it's like borderline I
could definitely need to take some like
vitamins and
stuff I also need to put on some makeup
where's my makeup it's not like I feel
like I'm just missing a lot where did I
have it where did I have it last oh
shoot I think it's a now she's car and
she's not here or you know what Alicia
you have enough makeup I'm sure there's
enough makeup here to do your whole face
right now
lens seam and the Sun came back great
mm-hmm okay I feel like you're gonna
fall primer your primer so determined I
have so much shopping left to do still I
need something for my mom I need a few
things for my dad if I'm pretty much
done with Ashley but I would like to get
her like another little thing too let's
see what's new with everyone
oh um question of the day comment below
let me know what you guys doing for
Christmas
what are your plans what are your
traditions maybe you're not even
celebrating Christmas and that's totally
okay let me know what you plan to do on
December 25th oh my god I'm being so
lazy with makeup today oh okay just like
okay it doesn't even have to look good I
just hope that it looks okay powder I
didn't even put concealer on Alicia is a
hot mess I think we can all agree um
that is perf oh my god oh my god I'm
just look at this I'm just like throwing
makeup all over my face and I'm gonna
hate myself when I have to edit this all
this segment because it's gonna be so
long I'm gonna just be sitting here
talking again for like 20 minutes
oh my hair that's makeup is pretty much
done I still should probably have like a
little mascara something or there but I
don't have to I don't know this works
can I please try to fix this hair
because I don't even know look look I'm
thinking we do a ponytail it looks okay
and that's all I wanted I just wanted to
look okay babe I just wanna say hi I
just wanted you to love me for once I
just wanted to say hi we got a package I
wanted to do a quick little unboxing for
you guys we have a package from Tarte no
idea what this is let's open it it's
like Christmas every day non-exempt
lection work out in a bottle oh my god
wait this is all like workout stuff I
needed a new water bottle the water
bottle huh there's a jump rope oh my god
I actually love jump rope that's like
such a good workout oh this is the
blemish pulley
Oh acne spot treatment that's so
interesting
oh my god that's cute Thank You torrei
this is like perfect for the new year
you know new year new you let's do it no
one's at the face oh my god there's no
line no line ha ha do you my voice crack
Wow a grande um vanilla latte with soy
milk hot and is there a way for you to
write a message on the cup okay um could
you put blog miss thank you I thought
okay thank you thank you statement oh I
should pay for the person behind me I
used to do that all the time
nothing I need to get my nails done
today I'll see the French mommy oh
thanks thought it was 17 bucks but like
I feel like once I have in my head like
it was like are you sure you want to pay
for his because it was the 17 bucks I
was like no that's fine and then I like
but what if I said no like I don't know
that's I feel like I had to it was
already said that I was going to so
Merry Christmas sir hope you enjoy your
coffee from Malaysia update time John
Murray and I are at the Americana we're
doing some last-minute Christmas
shopping I have a list in my head we got
this we got over k1 here oh my god oh my
god this is so cute I want this but I
keep finding things for me and not other
people literally oh my god this is so
yeah this place is so cute and this is
great lighting I should come in here
more often just a blog and successful we
got a gift still have a lot more to go
but that is okay thank you so much
successful now we're going to Victoria's
Secret making milk my voice cracks there
so we are currently headed to
okay
that's crazy I know that's Bert oh my
god
update time it is currently 724 p.m. and
just checked out at Nordstrom they said
that they're gonna wrap the presents
right now so just waiting for that and
not even kidding you guys I think I'm
like I feel so much better I pretty much
got most things I think tomorrow in
tough guys all that I have left is a few
things from my parents but other than
that we say was like a little stressful
at one point but then after that I was
like you know we got this so finished
Mia finished Herren finished Kat
finished Remi got something for my dad
which I wasn't even planning on getting
oh and finished Ashley sorry that was me
just being very happy because I finished
my khushboo I haven't finished it yet
almost finish it yo yo
thank you so much okay
time I'm in just currently 831 and I'm
actually headed to the gym I'm gonna
meet up with REM and we're gonna go
workout very proud of us you know
starting off the end of the year strong
well she's been killing it me on the
other hand oh yeah we're at the gym and
by we I mean are you ready agree okay
haven't played in forever but I was
always decent at it
I haven't gym didn't so long it's like I
don't belong here
teach me your ways here we go I'm proud
of us to go around hey guys what is up
so it is a lot later now and I just
wanted to quickly in this vlog I'm not
sure if I'm gonna edit it tonight or
tomorrow morning kind of want to get up
like super early tomorrow so I think I'm
gonna do that irrelevant you guys were
here anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow
for vlogmas day 21 and yeah I love you
guys why we are doing some the
last-minute Christmas shopping we are at
Cabazon outlets hopefully I can finish
all my Christmas shopping already
tweeted that I've done like most of it
it's pretty much all done but I saw a
few little things I need to get so I'm
really hoping I can finish just get it
out of the way get it done we used to
come here all the time when we were
younger it's changed so freakin much I
love when malls are decorated all
Christmas
