good morning good morning guys
I am seriously so excited to be home
this morning has been the best morning
currently 10:13 but I woke up at like
7:45 and just laid in bed for a little
bit I'm uploading at yesterday's vlog
like the travel one and it's the one
that says oh my gosh I lost over $500
anyways I'm over it I'm over it I'm like
so excited to have a vlog at home like I
love you guys know I love travel vlogs
they're so fun they're exciting she's
like on my game uploading cuz it's just
fun but there is something about just
apartment vlogs is that I freaking love
when I watch other people's blogs
I like when they're home I don't like
when they like I don't know that's just
like my favorite I know a lot of you
guys are the things I've mentioned this
before and I look so ratchet right now
like y'all okay okay I make like cool
productive mood the whole flight home
yes dance which was awesome and I'm
still in that mood like I'm just I'm not
only was I in Pennsylvania but before
that I was at playlist in Florida
playlist live look at this little one hi
pretty girl
oh I missed you so much
she got a haircut if you didn't see
yesterday's law she's so little now
United and it'd be so good I love you
oh look so not cute right now so yes I
am currently uploading right now so now
we're about to do my makeup and look a
little less pedis so let's do that right
now you guys okay first of all makeup is
done as you can see oh my gosh that's a
ball that story I'll go into that later
but I was literally on Twitter and Tana
if you're watching this I would buy your
tweet asking when Kylie the Kylie lip
kits are gonna be restocked and I was
like oh my god like I've wanted one but
I've never like actually tried to get
what I probably wouldn't get one Mady
Bragg replied and was like oh at 12:15 I
looked at the clock and it's like 12:20
I was like oh my gosh so I run on the
side long story short I was able to get
coke okay I tried to get that and Posey
came a while I was checking out it was
like Oh Posey game is now sold out I was
like dang it okay so I got coke okay and
I'm like so exactly I'm shota
spontaneously so I'm really excited like
I don't know if in his coke okay it's
like a light pink excited to good but
you guys I only needed one coat because
literally
one coat so I ready I'm excited mystical
is gorgeous late among black gorgeous
I'm so pretty with this makeup look it
was complete oh my god I'm really so
excited like so excited ordered that
total was $30 after shipping no
shipping was like eight dollars so I'll
definitely let you guys know when I get
back I'll give you like a review if you
want to let me know in the comments if
you want that so I'm sure there's like a
million out there I'll let you know if
it's like worth the money or just like
cool if you have extra money so
literally laying on a huge pile of
giveaway stuff I guess I shouldn't lay
on it if I'm gonna give it away because
I've been gone so much I came home and
my room is a disaster and I was like I
just need to clean I was gonna do some
errands for this week's video but I
think I can do it tonight or tomorrow
that'll be okay um but I just like I
just I'm in a cleaning mood I'm going
through my closet and dresser and just
finding a whole bunch of clothes just to
give away that I haven't worn my rules
like if I haven't worn it in like six
months then why should I have it you
know or I mean in another way to put it
like I think we've been in this
apartment now for almost six months if I
haven't worn it since I've moved unit
it's like into this apartment then I
think I should get rid of it you know I
mean you know I mean I feel like even
though it was like stuff is good I feel
like so many other people could use
clothes and like or like doesn't I don't
know like I don't know I feel like
selfish like keeping so much stuff and
just like hoarding clothes so trying to
clean up you guys this is so my room is
literally obsessed right now but I'm
telling you it's because I'm going to do
every single drawer like I'm just taking
everything throwing it in my room
deciding this giveaway or it's keyboard
like I need to do laundry or whatever it
was a much-needed cleaning day plus what
I'm doing still my PJs but I got ready I
guess I should change change yeah yeah
cute put on some YouTube videos knock
this out get it done and um and yeah oh
my gosh you guys password like three
hours
can we talk about how clean my room is
oh my gosh oh my gosh ready dad Santa
Santa
oh the floor though oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's literally so clean like do you
member that huge just like pile of a
mess that was right there remember the
huge pile of a mess that was right here
and I even cleaned out my closet a bit I
still I feel like I can clean it out a
little more but like the fact that
there's nothing on the floor right here
just makes me so happy and like
literally the second I finished I was
like why didn't I do like a cleaning
montage and I did it so that sucks sorry
about it I think I have left to do is I
do laundry I have a lot of laundry to do
I have probably like three loads of
laundry I could do easy so I'm going to
start that and just waiting for Ashley
to get home cuz she wanted help filming
her video this week
so a yah yah still have all my errands
to do I need to go to Target and I need
to go to the mall and yeah should be
good hike no good Chloe you wanna come
on the bed she's so little with her hair
cut we just went on a huge block so we
are tired I'm seriously you're just so
happy how clean my room is I can't get
it Tom we are going to film for her I'm
being camera woman to it and I love it
I actually put on a bra and a normal
t-shirt so that school feels so
productive today it's actually like
ridiculous night I can edit this vlog
get it up and Terence coming over gonna
have an editing party so I can edit this
vlog and like plan out some stuff
because I have to UM do a little like
homework I guess you can say what we do
in oh you know we're just coloring you
said that's so like oh yeah color okay
I'm going to raise this brightness just
up just a little bit just a little bit
just just a little bit let's a little
bit just just a little bit great great
job leta woo you keep coloring keep
color you got this you got it you got it
beautiful blonde night long all night
too I was sleeping you got this you're
almost done
oh hey what a update time it is
currently 1044 and I have been editing
this vlog up until this point it's funny
because I was seeing how much all today
I was like I'm so productive literally
had a wall and I'm so exhausted never go
to bed this early but I think I'm going
to just like finish this vlog in like
five minutes
and then go to bed because I'm so tired
and exhausted too in this vlog that you
guys liked in also my hair is actually
so disgusting as fall guys watching it
and like I cut out so much because my
hair looked so greasy but like on like
in the back you know to me and honestly
is because I wash my hair last night and
then I let it air dries and I put it up
and I didn't touch my button like it
literally just like oh so that was
annoying to me so I was like great great
great that's cool you guys I love you
guys so so so much and I'll see you
tomorrow with a new blog and yes I love
you babe
