hey guys what oh my god let's hope you
didn't see yesterday's vlog I went to
Montana for 24 hours let's really like
24 hours so in that vlog I leave for
Montana and then I come back for Montana
- if you didn't do that that's where I
was the past two days but yes so today
is Tuesday dang it I keep thinking it's
Sunday I felt like it was Monday for the
longest time apparently 11 a.m. I feel
like I've been pretty productive this
morning I cleaned well I'm still in the
process of cleaning but I've done some
laundry cleaning up my room felt like
after any trip I always come home and I
really want just to like clean cuz it
just yeah don't think I'm really gonna
do much to my hair today let it air dry
I don't know let's heat the better
whatever I slept with it in a bun after
I shot last night so that's why it's all
like wavy and beachy and whatnot so yeah
just did my makeup I stopped put on some
lipstick I have the best morning and
just doing my makeup watching YouTube
videos and I don't know that's just like
my perfect morning every morning but yes
I'm gonna take Chloe for a walk right
now uh-huh
let's go do a go side you're gonna side
Chloe come on ready to see the cutest
thing ever she does this every single
time I grab the leash come here come
here come here come here come here come
here come here I know I know it's so
excited come on what's your color well
honey where's your color babe where's
your calling come here hi come here
are you excited come here squat goals
so definitely got a package yeah it's
actually I got packages hello guys what
up it's time for an unboxing good ups to
Kim or whoever I thought I saw no no
okay and I got some packages so let's
open these that boys and I know what
they both are very excitable so let's do
it
hi orders is I think in November and
then it was backordered like three times
i baited like just canceling my order so
so over it and then it just randomly
appears on my doorstep today I don't
even get like a shipping notification if
you guys remember any and all of my
plugs and like November December
that's the time we moved so it was like
a very exciting like home to go war time
so this is a furniture piece here we go
ash can you help me yeah at least it's
really pretty
hahaha so I ordered a little like
Ottoman foot resting for my puke chair
yeah so it looked like this and I still
I feel like I can't be excited because
it's just it's been months and months
and months of trying to get this think
we're gonna put it over there although
it might look weird with both of those
like oh I don't want to put it I think I
just have to get a new coffee table like
a little small small coffee table and
then this will fit perfect so yeah not
only did it come like seven months later
six months later it finally comes and I
just don't know where to put it
so whatever I noted with it you know
what no I also have that other canvas
thing that never came the blue one with
the pineapple really wanted it okay some
of you are going to laugh completely at
me for this I've heard about these
stupid phone cases for the longest time
but stupid like cool phone cases and I
finally just like got one the other day
like a selfie okay cool you charged it
just like you charged the external oh my
gosh I'm kind of really excited for this
Oh walking could you imagine like oh my
gosh shall light up okay it's for you to
like take amazing like selfies and stuff
I know so embarrassed I got the rose
gold color by Starbucks okay for now for
now okay it's really light this is legit
this is legit okay ready but I'm gonna
test it out gonna test out oh my god
Loki bought a light-up phone case so I
can take
I feel like a few youtubers talk about
it so I was like I'm gonna try it
so I legit like bought it the other day
whoo also you guys been asking I'm still
waiting for my Kylie lip kit to come in
don't worry when it does you know you
know you guys are give you the first
ones to know maybe Chloe and Ashley but
you know yeah I'm gonna post a snapchat
right now it's like hey look what I got
Thank You Ashley oh she brought me
coffee my job wait your shirts cute
tramp cut yeah oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my god Chloe are you playing with your
little Chlo are you playing with your
little Club look at their matching thank
you is that your is that your pup is
that your puppy mmm so freaking good so
freaking good
yeah what did you spend like a good like
ketchup day I did laundry
clean my room the dishes else what else
what else I don't know just all the way
okay okay so my dad's coming over you
didn't know this which most of you
probably know if you didn't know we're
huge st. Louis Cardinals fans because my
dad grew up like really close to there
he's a huge huge fan and I am Q a mom
and actually not as much but he's coming
over because they don't have cable and
we do so he wanted to come watch the
game so I'm gonna surprise him tonight
the Cardinals are playing the Angels why
can I not talk tonight oh my god cuz
they're playing the angels at Angel
Stadium he literally has no idea so yeah
I mean dad and daughter bonding time
would be fun I'm really excited and I'm
I'm just sad for a baseball game too but
yeah that's nice we're doing until then
I think it's gonna like continue
cleaning up and yeah done yeah daytime
so it's currently
133 p.m. yeah I'm just showing here at
my desk I clean so much you guys you'd
be so proud of me like my room clean
living rooms clean like kitchens clean
I'm gonna sit down here and I've been
you do this for a while I'm just gonna
sit down and like go over my calendar
planner whatever
so I out the next couple of weeks
because the past like two weeks I feel
like I've been very forgetful and it's
because I haven't been writing stuff
down gonna take like ten minutes sit
down write down everything since what
I'm gonna do yes it's old went at it
with coffee also if you guys haven't
seen my last
I would love if you go watch it or watch
it again if you haven't in comments that
you came from this vlog I was reading
over the comments and you guys were so
sweet just saying that it was so
original and so creative and want to see
more videos like that you haven't seen
any like it before I will do the best
comments to get I don't know like
especially after working so hard on a
video literally I was like sitting there
smiling reading comments and like you
guys are amazing and I'm like getting
all mushy whatever yeah okay yeah as you
can see I have basically nothing written
down for me and I just need to get on
track you know like I honestly love my
agenda and stuff although I will say I'm
not like I'm not there some girls who
are like so dedicated and decorate like
every single like corner of it and I
wish I was like that get lazy sometimes
when you have some stickers that came
I'm like such a noob when it comes to
this I can only I don't have much like
stuff okay
Macon's in progress oh my gosh oh my
gosh I feel stupid I did not know that
there are stickers in the back of this
there's like birthday stickers regular
ones I feel like such a new tutor game
changer I really need to invest in a
small tripod for my blog camera when I'm
like sitting at my desk because I'm
literally stacking like a cup and a
speaker and you're on top of that
probably not get you're gonna fall oh my
gosh you can't leave these like birthday
things okay so I didn't finish
completely but I just like wrote down
some stuff you know got it going yes
baby steps right cool yep okay so now
I'm going to plan out this week's video
I already know what I'm doing I have to
like do a little research and stuff so
that'll be fine dad's here he just got
here not too long ago so Chloe's happy
she like is obsessed with him probably
her favorite person in the world
yeah it's like oh I really won't watch
the game tonight okay
oh you're gonna watch it you're going to
watch
are you kidding remember going to the
beach are you kidding me Alicia
what up guys up the attack game is over
obviously I like just ended and I was
gonna vlog more but honestly like when
you're sitting for like three hours next
to the same people like really close it
can be kind of awkward this is really
fine to Cardinals one whole eight to one
happy birthday dad happy birthday thank
you yeah now we're gonna go home I'm
gonna edit this vlog and then good bed
that's the plan yeah go sequel Monday
hey guys so I'm gonna go to bed I hope
that you liked this vlog and I will see
you guys tomorrow
ninja I love you hey
