what up guys so we are currently at
acting Henry I found this place
literally like so bringing me and a like
George dynasty and like there's a I we
just ordered I got one minute and lava
cotta to hang on it and then we are the
not table
New York State I'm so excited to get in
there exciting also vehicle inflator
days will get super excited for hashtag
DAC collab man : we're kind of really
putting eyes are wearing is I didn't
know if I wanted to do math right now I
brought another outfit we lived in a
jackets a nice really food I don't know
yeah oh my gosh just look so beautiful
shall we like I said it like a poached
egg
dude that is some avocado toast isn't
that crazy again acai bowl avocado
chosen place is seriously so
and if you need to try it so good it's
really rare to find it really quick you
press translate so Bob I'm really
excited behind the scenes but pictures
yeah work yeah beautiful so we came to
LA to Ray I think it might get some
macaroons to get a picture with Loki my
okay the weather is actually perfect
it's kind of sprinkly but honestly like
it's really good because it's like all
over cuts is lighting and yes
work Nikki worked so we decided to do
some shopping
I don't know how much I'm gonna do
honestly she probably saved my money so
I think it's totally dreams it's
definitely raining a little harder to
feel better
guy wasn't feeling good she got mad evil
I caught another Arella at American
Apparel and it's the one with like the
duck like handled anyone like remember
these I totally had when I was a kid I
was like my child is yeah I got a pink
umbrella and I think it'd be really cute
taking like raining and I don't know
like I'm fella fixing the rate I don't
know anything right of that Lizzy you're
so cool thank you
okay good movie where are we all right
Holly Golightly's apart bitch York City
have you seen Breakfast at Tiffany's
this is the apartment and we look like
two rows but what javi is freaking out
oh wait and picture picture they can
attack you right here when should I grab
ow yeah she could she Sookie yeah we
can't handle this here you're so cute oh
my god okay so photo shoot
yeah yeah get a girl she's like this is
my place biggest Audrey Hepburn fan I've
ever known so I totally bought an
umbrella and I really want to take some
cute like I'm bro again does outfit
change I changed my shorts my jacket and
then I took off my hat wanted some like
picture options and stuff
hey guys
time is a lot later it is currently 7:03
p.m. and we are actually headed home is
really quick and just fun chill day a
picture
you got some food we vlog so I someone
to let you know that I just now put the
video public are tagged collab honestly
it's one of my favorite I think it's my
favorite Bob I've got Becky longest time
ever I mean I really like the awkward
situation like our Spring Break one that
was good after you watch this video go
to that video and say that my vlog send
you let's just like confuse people and
you guys don't know what's going on and
we're going to go comments after you be
like saw it the vlog or just put comment
the vlog I don't know comment something
that I will know that you watched it
from this blog specifically hello what
it is currently 11 p.m. obviously we
were back and Nikki's room I've just
been doing some editing I feel so bad
because I feel like I talked it up a
little bit like oh like tomorrow's
exciting blog like get excited and I
mean it was an exciting blog but it was
definitely a very short walk and half of
it was just like montage the other half
isn't even like footage of anything we
were only able to go to the city for a
little bit we were honestly by the time
we get rid of all of the driving I think
we were only in the city for like three
or four hours like realistically but it
was nice we actually came back here
around 8 o'clock so we weren't out like
too late we just had like a fun little
day trip which is really awesome it was
only like hour-and-a-half Drive like it
wasn't bad got some pictures so get
excited to see those coming up soon on
insta or Twitter or whatever editing
party what up guys it is currently a 143
a.m. it's a little bit later than I last
vlog I have to leave here at 4:30 in the
morning because my flight is at 6:00 I'm
heading home so I just want to edit our
everyone to end this vlog so I can
upload it and have it ready to go for
the morning ok anyways I love you guys
so so so so so much and I will see you
tomorrow I was new blog and yeah love
you guys bye
camera
