good morning guys made it my breakfast
it's like this bomb smoothie banana
spinach dates cashew milk
oh gosh flaxseed is bum bum but it's
about 8:30 in the morning and I was just
about to put yesterday's vlog public I
still have to do the thumbnail and than
that I think it's done oh my gosh it's
actually pouring outside right now what
is this
okay this literally came out of nowhere
it's okay actually really like the rain
because it hardly rains here although I
will say it kind of sucks because I was
supposed to get some shots by the pool
today swimming don't know if that's
gonna happen that kind of sucks I really
need those clips boom what's that oh my
gosh so update time spit a little bit as
you can probably tell it's currently
1:45 p.m.
happy Friday guys I just have a lazy
morning and I got ready you phone calls
and yeah I just try makeup I would have
shown you guys but honestly the past two
logs I've shown you do my makeup I want
to change it up every now and then you
know are you gonna see me do my makeup
today
you don't know no also I have been
obsessed with doing a little bit less
eyeliner loving it loving it all so I
just put dry shampoo my hair isn't
really to it so anyways we are about to
currently film the intro for my new
video this weekend I literally got
dessert there so that is super exciting
going to do that right now I have a
little more filling to do today and then
just a lot a lot of editing we're gonna
try to go to my parents house tonight
and just we're not kidding we're not
going oh yeah anyways I think it's just
gonna be a good chill editing day oh the
lighting got weird all the sudden all of
the sudden anyways let's do it yeah yeah
Ashley would you mind blogging for me
for a little bit oh but any other any of
it I've hmm um um let me know if you've
ever felt that this works for um not
agreed to see this video I put a little
extra effort into it so if you it's not
you know like August Oh what am I saying
so um and so obviously um you guys oh my
gosh oh my gosh we got oh my gosh oh my
gosh you guys I feel like all my blogs
have been so exciting lately or what is
going on with the world no I just got a
um the long story short I got a present
from maker today and I am so ecstatic
don't even know a guy came and delivered
it and it's like it was so obvious like
what they were from the box dear Lisa so
excited you're finally part of the
family love maker studios what song oh
my gosh oh my goodness does maker loves
Alicia oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
he's such an epic surprise I did not I
didn't I didn't know this is happening
thank you so much maker and the platform
I am probably going to all of these and
I'm gonna have no regrets actually I'm
not gonna have awesome yes oh my gosh
that was so sweet did not have to do
this I feel like tank guys Furillo
are you suppose eat healthy when you
have a beautiful box of donuts with your
name your name maybe they just like will
count you know you know Jana
my arms are from the gym and I'm
literally holding up my arm to hold up
my arm because it slowly so sore when
should I have first wait first I have to
snapchat this and I have to take a
picture and post this on Twitter once I
feel like I should be at all fancy and I
put the split the faux fur thing like I
mean oh this is so cute ready ready
ready square or no square the square no
square really so now we have to make
some coffee because coffee and donuts
are live oh don't mind the like half of
grapefruits chillin isn't there oh oh my
gosh you got I made it extra good wait
let's do it
anyone try am oh wait no this one okay
so I'm eating the eye of Alicia and it
has fruity pebbles on it hmm no but I
look like a boy my happy place
it's not going to eat the water oh go
film we are filming literally it so like
perfect lighting because it was raining
earlier it's like all overcast perfect
lighting makes me so happy
Oh what's happening get in oh good for
the video hey guys what is up
so we are currently um filming well we
just finished filming I'm swimming the
pool totally lied
it was cold at first but it's actually
really warm I don't know how I did that
also don't work false lashes in the pool
I didn't think that's true today not my
brightest moment who also I'm obsessed
with this bikini I got it from permit
lon and I love it so you're soldering
I'm like a pear shape taking me a long
time I like to accept my pear shape but
now I have accepted I like it love my
pear shape we're gonna cut all this out
oh my god you're gonna be a good good
good anyways now we have to go edit okay
buddy hey guys I feel so much better I
took a shower because after going blonde
I like get paranoid about like chlorine
and damage and stuff second we came home
I took shower and it's so random but
because it was the middle of the day
like I didn't take my makeup off I just
like washed my hair I didn't like scrub
my face or anything have you ever done
that I did a lot in like cases like this
and that made no sense kind of there's
like a handful of times where I like and
one take off my makeup when I'm
showering probably just should have
taken it off because it looks horrible I
was just thinking like oh it'll be a
quick shower like just just watch my
hair and afters it's like oh they're
probably gonna be like why is your
makeup still also I'm so comfy right now
and I'm off the rocking like gray I
don't know why I just just happen that
way
comfy outfit of the day ready so it
sounds dumb still I'm gonna put you
there that's an ugly background okay
this lovely cardigan thing is from Urban
Outfitters I love it I got it when I was
on tour and it's just big and baggy and
comfy and yelps miss I think this is
Nicky's she I think she left it the last
time she was here it's a should have
been a unicorn should have been a
unicorn Oh should have been a unicorn oh
hey my Urban Outfitters short what oh
just kidding this is Ashley Ashley I'm
wearing a shirt knee-high socks
or must I got these these remember
forever or urban I want to see they're
forever though mitten or oh no no these
were Target forever ago I know like my
favorite knee-high socks our all-time
but yeah clean and comfy how I like to
be dumped importing all this footage i
reheated my coffee from earlier because
i didn't drink at all you know what's
funny it's actually really rare for me
to finish my coffee I feel like when you
guys see me get like two or sometimes
three a day you're like whoa
girly new soda but a lot of times I like
barely drink half
like a comfort thing like I just like
having it with me it's really bad it's
probably like sign of an addiction I'm
like let's be real
migrate to my bedroom you're in my
bedroom that was quick
getting it wasn't but it looks like it
on the vlog good knit so yes editing
right here Ashley's editing over there
oh what's your next visit video through
the vlog babies get a sneak peek oh my
gosh really yeah go watching I'm going
to be doing some editing honestly all
night right here this spot this spot
yeah also I got my favorite comfy
blanket because I figure if I'm going
all comfy like I gotta like it embrace
it you know you know oh my gosh I'm so
comfy
hey guys welcome to my room
today's episode on funds black we're
gonna be having a special guest Ashley
everyone welcome Ashley thanks Ashley
any Big Bang Theory fans out there
Angelica represents fun with slide
please watch that dude I visit so hey
what's up hello Ashlyn are gonna meet
Karen right now for dinner we were
getting ramen at our favorite ramen
place out here so soon it rains like all
you want is like soup with ramen or like
you know you know so we're going right
now excited I'm excited see Taryn - it's
been a while oh my goodness
literally like 40 minutes later we
finally sat down and we finally got a
ramen and I'm so excited
I'm at the blog myth do you know what
you're looking kind of Harry Potter is
yeah Isis scarf with the glasses and the
red hair hey guys so it's been so long
since I've last long currently 138 am
effing Lee did not realize how late it
got but we are still editing good news
this video is mostly done so I'm really
excited I think I don't know I'm way
less stressed like I know for a fact
it'll be up Sunday really excited I'm
honestly really excited for this video
it's something it's just really
different but I will totally understand
when you see it feeling proud of it all
I've said anyways I just want to end
this vlog I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow with a new
vlog yo holla okay bye MA
