good morning I mean coffee realize how
much I'm not a morning person I kind of
am because I love waking up early my
ideal day would to be to be a morning
person wake up like 6:00 a.m. like today
what kind of like eight takes me forever
to actually wake up even if I wake up at
like 12 I don't wake up like wide awake
I wake up like you know super uber then
I take that back sometimes I wake up and
I'm like on top of the world who I have
low world at 7:00 a.m. and I don't know
let's get coffee oh my gosh yes oh my
gosh Panera coffee with a star how is
that I was explaining to them that I'm
not a morning person like sometimes I
guess it's better to teach me forever to
wake up okay we are home and I'm about
to start getting ready because today is
a very big filming day and you know
should probably do my hair and put some
makeup on don't have to you been Oh dan
dan dan dance down't down't down't
down't down't and and and next here
hello room getting up the makeup I do it
at my desk again today
well make this done very exciting and
now we are going to work on the mess of
the hair that is my hair I'm just gonna
curl it all so I tried out a new brow
product i normally use the anastasia
dipbrow i love this i love it so so so
much if you guys know Jacqueline I'm
obsessed with her for like the longest
time
Jacqueline Hill has been recommending
the brow definer the new one from
Anastasia dasya or Anastasia however you
just however you say it the triangle one
so it's a lot thicker and I'm not even
getting it so easy to apply normally I
spend a good amount of time on at my
eyebrows just because like with like the
dip brow you can be really precise so I
could easily spend like five minutes
total putting on I'm filling in my
eyebrows but with this it's literally so
so quick so if you have school or work
or anything where you have to get ready
really fast in the morning I definitely
recommend this it's so much better than
the brow is I did to get a lighter color
because they were out of the medium
brown so I got the soft brown honestly
looks really good it's really natural
and I am obsessed with it figured I
would share the obsession and you guys
should go get it if you're looking for
new eyebrow pencil and I like it and
hair is finally done it looks so much
better I haven't actually curled my hair
and the longest time uncle is really
good actually like doing my hair okay
guys so one decimated a is Nikki and
Gaby's birthday oh my god happy birthday
it's currently 11:48 a.m. which means in
pennsylvaniaÂ´s three hours ahead says
almost three o'clock couple days ago I
ordered them some birthday presents to
get there on their birthday but I wanted
to surprise them like not say anything I
have to address because I was just there
the problem is they haven't text me yet
I don't know if it's there and it says
it was delivered some little confused I
don't know if they just haven't like
gone outside and seen it part of me is
worried like what if for some reason I
got like the address wrong what if it
didn't get to like their actual house
and I paid extra so we can get there on
their actual birthday like I thought
that'd be really cool No
I don't know kind of like patiently
waiting for a text to come and literally
like any minute it should give you text
like any minute my situation right now I
should be home soon we're going to film
all all all day probably should clean up
and you know like make my bed and stuff
Oh bugging me oh my gosh I just want to
make sure it got there like I don't care
like I don't know if I make sure it got
there yeah so I'll keep you guys updated
but okay so I forgot to tell you guys I
recently got some more like fairy lights
and then these little like photo clips
from Urban Outfitters so I just put
those up and it was really easy which
was which was awesome as you guys can
see um but right now I'm gonna try to
find some Polaroid so I can hang them
that I think you guys need like this
video it's really different a lot more
fun with like the creativeness of it so
lima know like it do I need to do oh all
right I have a plural a little like
photo album stuff with a whole bunch of
Polaroids most of them are from tour
because I brought my polaroid when we
went on tour last year and it was so
much fun taking so many pictures all
look at club khlomoney
let's keep it we good this one's like
from San Francisco so cute how many do I
have one two I have quite a few so you
can grab a lot whoa
no I'm gonna take these and I'm going to
hang them on the little photo clips
stuff my goddesses are here okay oh we
need a Chloe one
oh my god there's chocolate no I mean
why oh my gosh is so cute oh my gosh
that is so key I love it
I'm honestly so surprised I haven't done
this like sooner new room decor Oh
oh my gosh I think it's so cute although
now I want to like take more Polaroids
it's been a while since I like so much
film I just maybe like take Polaroids
take pictures here we go I think it's
time to start this currently drinking
away my favorite juices in the entire
world is the press citrus 3 it's
grapefruit and mint like literally
that's all it is and it is so so good oh
my gosh even if you don't like
grapefruit you should try it
look I couldn't handle any more so I
just texted him and I was like um hi
darker shadows like um a little birdie
told me to tell you to check your front
porch with an emoji face I want them to
open it on their birthday but what if it
doesn't get to that house and I'd like
to know you know what if you're like
there's nothing there I'll be like oh
just kidding
ah well good currently filming eating
some copies like do they need to be
there no does it make it cuter yes am I
happy that they're here mom if you
aren't gonna kill me seriously still
obsessed with this I think it's so it
doesn't add so much like so much so we
are currently filming I'm kind of
nervous for this video it might be a
little shorter like I said but I think
you're gonna like it on this night when
I like edit all the footage that we get
today but yeah let me know if you have
any ideas what it is I will say there
are some bikinis involved but that's not
like it's more creative than what you
think so it's not like obvious yes i'ma
leave it with that show them a bit quill
money look at the booty money I was just
seeing for like two minutes and realized
that this stopped recording
yay I'm so sorry I couldn't be there the
bag you have to go see um at Nicki's
blog if you want to see what um I got
her
oh my god happy birthday happy birthday
guys mission accomplished
they got you presents oh yeah my
backpack almost got you the black one
but I was like no the blue one cuz
Nikki's player yeah you guys oh my
goodness where does that piece of hair
go I'm most likely going to hit a
million subscribers on this channel two
day oh my gosh trying to film so I don't
want to talk too much right now but oh
my goodness on and it was gonna hit Stan
but I so honestly thought it'd be
sometime next week it literally just hit
me I was looking at my channel and
everyone was tweeting me like everyone
was like oh my gosh the only have 500
left to go and I was like wait what and
then the next thing I know I have 400
left you like wait I'm probably actually
to hit a million today I never ever
thought my main channel would hit a
million subscribers let alone my second
channel which is just me showing you my
day work oh we're excited oh my god oh
yeah look at her little knees look at
her little what your knees you're a
little oh honey I love you anyway just
had to update you guys on that Ashley
staring at me like we got a film I'm
like I know yeah let me guess.you
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh nine nine nine nine nine six
nine eight seven seven five who want
subscribe eat oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh what is life what is
life
oh my gosh oh my god
oh my god we just hit a million
subscribers of my second tale I did not
think you would happen that bad I
thought I was gonna take a couple more
days oh my god I can't sappy moment I
remember hitting a million subscribers
on my main channel I recently hit a
million subscribers and now we have on
my second channel I never thought people
would care about my day-to-day life that
much like that many people think ass hey
guys what's up so um I'm still in a
great mood have an exciting announcement
that I'm going to announce I want to do
something different to say thank you for
a million vlog babies on this channel I
am going to do my very very first you
know aka live stream going to be a huge
party it will not grow I mean it'd be
cute if we actually decorated it like a
party but let's be real probably I'm
gonna be gonna be cute I might go all
out we'll see you're going to be next
Thursday okay all the information is
gonna be in the description box and I'm
gonna talk about it and probably every
vlog up until then next Thursday which
is May 12th probably like the evening
I'm gonna like still figure out the
exact date and time and put it here on
the screen and in the description box
yeah I've never done a live stream by
myself I've done the last one I did I
think was like two or three years ago
Sierra or Mia I've really been wanting
to do one for the longest time and um um
and yeah so I figured that was like a
perfect way out it's like a live stream
basically it's like a live video feed of
me talking and then you guys can comment
and it's just like a live vlog you know
so I thought it'd be really cool I'm
excited I'm really excited oh my gosh
I am so hungry you guys don't even know
doctor usual I know Mediterranean salad
with an app hole what'd you get Oh like
what Alicia's usual open I got the soup
because I'm actually the dozen good we
think she is a cold hey we're sitting
with this great beautiful window so the
Lighting's like deep set which is nice
it's normally immediately dirty and
veneering little things that youtubers
appreciate you know MS Gerald is a
update time as you saw we went to a
coffee shop let's see it is now 951 p.m.
literally my favorite coffee shop like
ever only downfall is I swear they're
only like two or three outlets in the
entire store and it being right next to
a college and really popular it's a very
unlikely to get an outlet and obviously
like with editing like my battery goes
down so fast oh my gosh and you guys I
got a brulee latte so so good obviously
this was like a splurge it would not
have this like every single day and they
put sugar on top and then they torch the
top so it's like like creme brulee but
like just not creme brÃ»lÃ©e but latte
version oh my gosh is so good usually
don't drink all of my lattes but I
actually drink that entire thing and it
was so good I don't regret it yeah
anyways we're back home and I'm going to
edit a little more of my main channel
video and then I think I'm going to edit
this vlog so I can get it up in the
morning for you guys or I'll wake up
early and edit it but I probably should
edit it tonight yeah
