good morning guys and welcome to today's
bug
today's tip one today yeah it's
Wednesday April 27 2016 also if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog then you
would not know that I'm currently in
Nicky's room what boy yeah I'm gonna be
in Pennsylvania for the next few days
and I'm still a couple day like like six
six days right I don't know Oh ever I
can't really go a week basically I'm so
excited to get excited for awesome vlogs
like I like I know I've known for a few
weeks nap I didn't want to tell you guys
until like it happen and it happened and
I was like no I'm here um so yeah look
yeah
a little belly I was gonna freak out do
you make me miss Chloe so much yeah I
wanted to see hi
look at the little no I can't he likes
you I love her
look at look Oh Lilly I need my makeup
you are so cute yeah yeah can you give
us a makeup tip it'll be doing I'm
contouring and using a highlight mmm
really weird spot but it makes a huge
difference right your Cupid's bow right
oh oh oh so anyways I think we're going
to go get some breakfast and just chill
it's a chill day I'm armed I'm so
jealous
cloudy oh yeah that's going on I just
uploaded yesterday's vlog so when you go
to my channel scroll all the way down to
the way Oh Frick Robin there it is
surprise trip travel vlog what yeah go
watch it go watch it go watch it go
watch it
yes if you like travelling vlogs I love
traveling along so for me I'm like um
yes like this is a must you have to go
watch this I literally look like such a
fetus when I wear no makeup with that
hat I mean my face is red anyway but on
top of it like the pink cast like a red
shadow so it looks even cuter obviously
I don't care enough because I still vlog
but still eat okay so um yes yes yes
going on let's do it
what is it this is like our video
welcome to gonna do it right got some
breakfast looks so good I got an egg
white omelet um with some fruit and a
little orange slice and it looks really
really good well actually was good
because I talked about it so yeah that
is what go
by this pute like a little like diner
looking then Louie like so cute like
been did you looking I'm obsessed with
it I'm currently sending out a video to
get excited actually really like the
theme of this one I think it's really
different and I haven't really seen I'll
think I've seen anyone maybe like a
couple people do something similar but
like not like what we're doing the magic
carpet just wetting it out alive I don't
know why I chose to pull people over
complicate everything
people have a look at right you know
mm-hmm sorry excited no idea what its
gonna go up I mean I guess it's obvious
what we're doing video get ready for a
Nick gab Alicia
nicob Lygia
I Pennsylvania so we just did our Donkin
your hands so Duncan's a thing here
anything on Starbucks I'm cheating on
Starbucks
there's Starbucks so there's farther
like this was like here it's like mm I
got a coffee and I'm so excited I was so
so excited
I do love Duncan I like it better than
Starbucks I mean all about that no it's
good
what'd you get cookie dough flavored ice
coffee with a little bit of sugar and no
cream because you know yeah
dairy oh my gosh it's so cute here it's
actually Sun it's just like opened
online so I'm okay with it
oh she's all warm I literally keep
calling her Chloe ah TechSmith you have
a dog look at the dog do you have let me
know in the comments I'm so curious what
up guys update I'm currently 439 p.m. is
waiting for it to turn 40 ha ha ha
currently about this Instagram ready for
it ready for a red brick yeah yeah
aren't we cute guy you're so cute I
could hit a picture so good you can't
you can do any people mine too yeah I
just feel like I am lazy and wonderful
ready ready ready ready I hit it
yeah Nate beau thing but to take posting
fail oh yeah like it first
you're way too late you're way too late
hey stop myself wait wait tell me what
number you really are oh oh baby baby
baby
you're not good you must have you're
like three time aside I wrote six mommy
more okay quickly
I put when you wish upon a star make
that okay PS tag your Disney squad blah
also add me on snapchat who have it he
Alec um like laying down which like
chillin like what up guys ready yeah
literally what am i doing
I like how like when I'm here still
feels like I'm vlogging at home does
that make sense like I personally like
vlog
people's like chillin out there like
home and like stuff and I feel like I'm
just shy like so what am I doing with my
life
my eyebrows are kind of dark I didn't
thought I should have water arrow drops
every single Disney fix oh I got you I
got you let's do it let's see business
oh it looks so good on the theme
together oh because I've uploaded like
two vlogs I upload it I got you right
right right
I'm a hot mess so literally fast-forward
like six or seven hours don't even know
what happened currently a 1:00 a.m. and
I just was editing this vlog and
realized I haven't vlogged for the
longest time ever while I was editing ed
in the hunt while I was editing this
vlog I realized Gaby is not in this
whatsoever and this always comes up in
vlogs especially when I hang out with
niki and gabi designer comments that
Gaby's left out or either comment that
Nikki left out or visors or whatever
totally not the case like whatever like
I honestly laugh when I see comments
like that like we all do don't be
starting rumors guys it's just funny
Gaby had a few things going on she had
to go to school for whatever reason and
then she had something else but she was
here and hang out but I didn't vlog it
like I don't blog like 24/7 yeah so I
thought I'd mention that because I'm
sure there's gonna be comment up until
people see this part of the vlog oh wait
here okay here because they've been a
pretty pretty chill day I feel like
every other day we're gonna be doing a
lot more voices still kind of gone and
honestly I feel like it was really good
for today just to like be chill and
feeling so much better but you can still
hear my voice my voice is like that
still so I think it's good to kind of
like relax especially after Coachella
and playlist just to have like a few
days to chill we'll start doing more
stuff like more fun stuff later on but
yes I'm going to end this vlog here I'm
sorry it's kind of short and just like a
chill whatever vlog but I'm gonna stay
off my make up and I'm honestly really
tired I think I'm gonna go to bed early
thing we're gonna watch a movie and go
to bed like honestly that sounds amazing
to me because I'm kind of tired but yeah
anyways I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow with new love
love you guys 105
