hey guys hey guys hey guys what's up
this is so random
we're doing our first impromptu vlog
Paul Baba hope you guys like hashtags
blog halls oh my god that was really
cute my thumb haha oh yes we are filming
a haul for you guys it's been steady
pressing to do home like I love hauls I
love watching hauls because on the one
channel I feel like it's like more
casual leave it all my rambling and like
talking and you guys will find like me
fixing my hair right now like I don't
care look at our buns like if this one
buddy looks like a real Channel video
our hair best be down but that's what
clothes PR guys like oh how close we are
so if you want to see everything that I
guys keep watching and then if you want
to see what Nikki box recently then go
check hers a link in the downbar
so before I want any of the trips to
playlist or Jersey or like anything I
order two gorgeous pairs of shoes from
Jeffrey Campbell but I never even wore
them or showed you guys so I want to
show you but I got this pair which is so
cute and so me it's just like light pink
but they're sick the elusive boobies but
yeah I got these and I absolutely love
them then I also got some flats which I
really don't know why I didn't wear
these they like lace up and go around
your ankle and they're just like nude
ballet flats and I have a little set on
the side okay can see I have the cheap
version of those damn new shoes and I
love them but guys your new shoes I
didn't even want them yeah I thought
like I rather bought that they go it I
could like they could go with a lot
coming on yeah guys Alicia's like teeny
well it's like sorry guys sorry okay so
then we went to Urban Outfitters and I
just got a handful of things I
I got the Calvin short I brought I have
underwear but I don't have like clothes
no problem come really yeah yeah no the
blue one the blue one that's really cute
look at those it's got them in the grade
I have a wife but I was like I won't get
those so dirty next thing I got is this
topping I literally thought of you like
I could talk so see you wearing that oh
oh this is so cute I was like wait oh my
gosh I see stop it are you
oh that's Alicia really crop top roller
like it's cute it's like tolerances yeah
this cop okay this is the front Oh will
be very cute on there there you go
ketchup goals but yeah man
let your shirt the baptists I can love
you think you're cute loops what are you
sure yeah because look at it's like my
neck yeah cuz look at there's more food
much better but yeah I got that oh and
this was $30 that's really expensive I'm
like it turns out it is just because it
feels I splurged on some dumb stuff
people good why'd you spend that much so
this next hop is like kind of wrinkly
but I was so cute it's like a white
t-shirt but it goes so low in the front
and you're supposed to wear like a tank
like a tank top
bralette bralette so cute anchor oh god
I miss this really good on it like the
PG section oh my god was so cute it's
like super kick saw you walking around
and I was like what you look at it yes
you've done there and then I also got
this shirt that I wore to New York
yesterday
oh yeah and wow I just like I feel like
I needed just like t-shirt oh I like
them you were talking I remember yeah I
saw you wearing it I was like I was
Keith ones like it's a pretty color it's
like a light teal yeah I really like it
and I think it was honestly not that
expensive either okay and then I got
this I brought this to your New York and
I never wore
like a a leotard but I like love the
Purple's because I love purple the
weight I don't know I feel like it was
like kind of different my gosh dude I
thought it'd be so cute like stuff like
with shorts or skirt or something like
that so I got that the only thing is I
have a long torso so I'm torso from
birth no problem then the last thing
that I got are these shorts that I also
wear yesterday and a bit um weren't as
flattering on as I thought they'd be
healthy were no no on but they're really
comfy there's like stretchy and loose I
like the pattern and I like the color
they look hunky no they're so comfy yeah
I'm all about comfy like if it's cute
but okay that I have to buy it so yeah
that is everything that I gots recently
just let me know if you like this vlog
ball I don't know we should make this a
thing blah blah
like Wolcott lik will title it vlog hall
Oh like actually a thing like we always
were together like when I'm in like oh
my County or LA or she's here or like
we're on trips together we always find
time to just go splurge
why not involve all oh yeah i feel like
IM go yeah heavy like this a really
quick video and if you did give it
thumbs up subscribe to watch Nikki's
vlog next okay bye
