hey guys so something just happened that
is so embarrassing and I can't believe
it actually happened
I missed my ha not on purpose
Nikki's happy I have a theory that she
purposely didn't wake me up
she was on top or or you guys remember
my life hack when I'm testing testing
weird life hack video where like you
call someone to their alarm stops I have
a feeling that she did that she failed
never done oh my gosh anyways I missed
my flight and I totally jinxed it cuz
last night I was like oh wouldn't it be
funny if I wake up at like noon Andrew
and I kinda and I woke up at 8 o'clock I
set my alarm for 4:30 in the morning for
now I remember waking up right before my
alarm went off so as I go I have a
couple minutes don't remember anything
else I wake up at 8 o'clock so I was
like oh my gosh the dreamiest
and it would be in the air I probably
would have already been on my other
flight do cuz I had a layover oh my gosh
like literally and I was like oh my gosh
that did not just happen it I didn't
Mickey was like huh kind of like last
and ruled over my back to sleep is like
get stuck yeah I was like dad I knew is
okay I'm just like dang I lost money for
sure did give me a little bit of a
refund but whatever so my flight is now
at 5:15 I have three hours but at least
I got next today out of it I guess now
we're gonna want their Asian to get food
and then we're gonna film a haul for you
guys you guys really wanted to haul so
we think we're just gonna like film a
quick like random blah like haul for
like this bar by the way I don't Gaby it
like don't say that like work oh well
I've been seeing it on my blogs - it's
just that like me and Alicia are like
our vlog channels are more like similar
like whatever we're filming like we hang
out a caddy but like when we're filming
always we're just like together and like
she still has her life here like just
cuz I come like no one's life needs to
like stop you know he's all has your
friends you still had like everything I
just don't have to like hear that we're
just added okay but we're just like the
editors we're the ones who like just sit
and like at it and like do nothing like
it says we're doing welcome to today's
blog Oh
okay I put on my makeup I didn't any
eyeshadow and I kinda like it
I didn't feel like I had the eyeshadow
either I didn't put on anything I said
no I'm good I mean I feel like it looks
good right away but in like three hours
I'm gonna look real ratchet you know I
mean but I like it people with the
natural a fun song that could be like a
tumblr account funds in the Honda
absolute snow weather can view this week
you we're in the ugh Oh Oh cuddles
little cuddle now I suppose it in book
anything at lunch but we got lunch and
we are now about to film a haul for our
second channel now I'm so good excited
for that I'm just gonna like at it like
do it separately to get excited for that
a lot of you guys know quantity holes
and I've been shopping so to be doing
all right now top of it absolutely for
the airport like 10 minutes we're gonna
bust it out get closer than order well I
have a long torso so you're gonna be
shorter I can slouch yeah yeah here we
go I'm sad currently importing the
footage that we just filmed for the hall
and the car I met with the airport on
Nikki's memory car so here we go this is
like youtuber prom how many times have
you like imported or edited in a car
because like you had to or like whatever
I haven't seen all the time you just got
the airport and I'm sad because I'm
gonna see you real soon but that's not
like LA and usually I here's are so busy
this is like phones like balloons now I
have a 7 hour and it for my trip by
myself
I'm gonna get some coffee right now I
get really sad if I lose an hour by I
feel like she's like the only person
that knows like she just like we just
click Dania Boxing Day
oh hi mama
my Nicki here we go here we go what
episode just got out of security and now
I'm gonna go find some coffee and yeah I
have a little laughs well I guess I'd
like 15 minutes I'll have to be at the
gate that's cool okay this is a really
small airport so like security it was
like really fast like not proud of
whatsoever and I definitely wanted
Starbucks or Dunkin but this will do
thing yeah their crown is drawn Bamiyan
for the Oscars are probably igniting
flooding there I need to endeavor to
Chicago Karen is it will get a free
boarding process okay these goods but
it's like not amazing so I think I'm
pressing to drink at all so I can get
another plan when I landed my layover in
Chicago can't believe it that I missed
my flight this morning totally
completely and literally lost 500 miles
from that I did get some of a refund
back but like not in here not near and
huh I
could about a lot of copies that $5
liturgies chillin here and the corner
everyone's like over there and I'm just
chillin in a corner back hurts to
balling alone kind of cool cousins empty
like I don't feel that bad vlogging like
I'm sure people are staring at me but
not nearly as much as if it was LA I
pretend to have friends with me
he's not working either yeah thank you
here we go I go here we go here we go it
was literally spacing out and then next
thing I know like no one's near me
everyone's like on the plane
scatman okay sometimes you're good ain't
good enough some time to try ain't hot
enough
get real Carla in my head get real
caught up under cover sweeps away in the
suburbs everyone says that
oh my gosh I was just running across
freaking me drinking me up so ridiculous
what she
Oh
hi I'd use throw and that our herons are
here everyone came to pick me up so nice
family goals done anyways you're
currently going to earth and getting
some food I'm so hungry
and it's on touch for a second that's
really cool I'm not yelling more attacks
tonight
family are you excited I got my usual
hummus and tabbouleh salad pita bed and
I have a latte coming and I'm soon
Chloe where's your toy my photos hey
guys so I am home and it feels so good
to be here I'm ready to prove bed
obviously should shower thanks so much
for watching this vlog I hope that you
liked it and I'll see you tomorrow with
a new blog and Daniele's okay
