good morning guys and welcome to
December 27th what is up so I don't know
if you can tell but I was so productive
today I went to the gym actually met up
with Remy Lutz we went to the gym I also
got a smoothie and now I'm currently
headed home
what is up you guys so I've actually
just been doing some editing a big
surprise I still have to get up
yesterday's vlog I'm so sorry honestly
what once the vlog my stuff I'm just
like oh man it's currently 122 vlog is
gonna be up soon I promise it's almost
done I still have a thumbnail to do but
my battery's gonna die Oh No so yeah I
definitely need to get my charger that
that would help also I'm sad I don't
want to put all my Christmas decor away
yeah honestly I'm loving it I think I'm
gonna keep it up for a bit like still
cuz it still like winter you know ya
know oh wait that's right I love it
loves it anyways
let's go downstairs and get my treasure
so much stuff so much stuff ooh
outfit of the day outfit of the day the
shirt is from mistress Rox I got it in
Topshop in New York but I freaking love
it it's like a cropped little like
sweatshirt thing and then my pants are
from Urban Outfitters and as you can
tell the rip is actually ridiculous I
kind of need a new one soon because it's
basically like shorts and yeah it's kind
of a problem and I'm wearing my oh my
god I love them this is so hard to do
when a hand hook it'll I got my computer
I'm kind of debating I might go to like
a coffee shop today and get some work
done
um I should do that I might stay here
we'll see but that is my outfit of the
day oh my god I almost fell where are we
saying it's been of it what you guys so
it's a little bit later Ashley and I are
at Target we had some really honestly
it's been a bit since I've been to
Target I'm sure someone's gonna find way
it was a comment below and be like
Alicia that was not long ago but Target
adventures I need I need actually make a
list because I know I need stuff but I
said like figure it out I don't need
toothpaste deodorant oh my god I need
deodorant oh I said uterine and all this
was right here hmm
advanced caring coconut invisible
deodorant while I'm making a mess Denton
oh hello
oh hey girl I see that backpack it looks
I die mystic I was too close let's cute
celery
you know that don't look good celery
asked me look at the home decor I love
how you didn't say no Ashley dribbles
down the lane she comes she sees the
basket she shoot I don't know why when I
focus my tongue comes out it happens
when I play drums too old to be like did
that happen cuz if so I'm totally gonna
zoom in I'm gonna zoom in and look at
that basket she shoot target ventures
can we go to the home before
gushers please please this is so
depressing all of the Christmas stuff is
looking I bought this pillow full price
I bought that pillow I bought that pill
that pillow and that pillow all full
price and here it is cheaper so I bought
that pillow I bought that pillow I
bought that pillow about that pillow I
bought that pillow and those pillows oh
wait should I buy like next year's decor
way that's actually kind of really sad
everyone go to Target 50% off okay wait
guys so I want to pop sock it to go on
the back of my phone because it's kind
of bare and like one and there is a few
here and I don't know what you're gonna
get so which one should I get
oh I like this one it's like palm trees
it's blue but that's super cute so
that's a maybe actually that's probably
gonna be it that one's kind of cute I
guess
mmm oh yeah oh there's our marbled one
this one's cute and then that one's yeah
okay which one ash for my phone wait can
you hold up my phone which thinks marble
actually I'm kind of down with that what
would blue be cuter dang it both I'm
cold finally in the home decor we're
probably not even gonna buy anything but
this is super cute shall we go to that
section that section is cute do do do do
do to do okay wait they're actually
really cute stuff all the characters I'm
sorry cacti way - that's cute that's
cute that's cute that's cute that's cute
that is so cute I'd look cute on the
coffee table because it's so low but
we're still waiting on that new one and
I don't even want to tell you the whole
story it's like that frustrating I like
that dontoh successful Target adventures
have be new here this was successful I
know very successful
I was gonna have to eat but I have
nothing to have to eat with guess what
we're doin I may have done it last night
where Ashley and I are meeting up with
Tara and Rachel and we are gonna go see
a movie two nights in a row at the movie
theater is like yo I'm actually excited
tonight we're seeing greatest showmen
and I actually really wanted to do that
for a while now so I'm excited I'm
excited
also this lighting is a lot better than
I thought it was gonna be so that's
exciting we could actually start soon so
we should probably yeah we should
probably come Ashley's getting antsy hey
guys what is up so sorry it's been a bit
I'm about to go to bed so I wanted to in
this vlog I hope that you liked it I
hope that you like to see it targets
adventures I mean I'm always known for
some target Avengers look it's looking
like a club no clothes come here come
here
