good morning guys my hair it's like so
compute now I just blow dried it
buzzwords like form don't mind if my
face is red I just put on some
moisturizer so it's kind of all like oh
what's up guys so today is Thursday and
today is a huge filming day and getting
ready day because tomorrow I leave for
playlist live Orlando I'm so excited but
luckily my flight is couple pros and
cons my finds a little later so I don't
get there till like midnight tomorrow
night that's thing but I do have all
morning to pack so it's more I'm gonna
pack and in fly and then today I'm gonna
film at this week's video I'm so behind
totally my fault I'm behind I D like I
don't even know exactly what I'm Phil I
know what I'm filming finally but I
don't know like exactly what I'm filming
and normally by now I should know what
I'm filming yeah my bad but yes I'm a
district shower village ride my hair
gonna do my makeup and um get ready for
the day it's gonna be a huge like
literally were just filming all day
that's my only plan give this video guys
oh no I do have a spray tan appointment
later yeah that's what's going on oh no
grandma coffee and my laptop and my
makeup and we're gonna go to the mirror
so I can't do my makeup on the forum I
can tell Ashley has adopted my sitting
in front of the mirror doing makeup so
funny sister goals and I just noticed
that my battery is flashing so I'm going
to charge my battery Wow I do my makeup
so so I am well BAM
we are blowed up like no other right now
but yeah okay so we are getting ready to
film so we got ready as you can tell
hair makeup outfit don't Bowl yeah
decided not to wear false lashes today
cuz I was just come away he knows like I
don't don't feel like wearing them so I
said I wear them yeah just a little
later now it is 1:15 we are starting
filming right now and hopefully we can
just like bust this out I think honestly
like two hours I think we could do it I
honestly think we could so do it in two
hours yeah I'm hoping that can be hoping
like a Buddha you guys want a on behind
the scenes of it yeah let me know if you
can guess the video is probably gonna go
up Saturday or Sunday
don't kobold yeah oh yeah I mean
unlicensed being crazy happens we're
like I lose footage or something and
then it should go up Saturday or Sunday
let's have it go to my room and we can
fill sure don't die tripping
knock-knock what Pecola look who it is
hi Carlo but you haven't been in my box
into this oh yeah the bike riding one
hmm I missed - Oh miss Chu Li Mis - and
I'm gonna miss you so much when I leave
this weekend
what what is right now you're currently
tested I was like spit when Tom I've
been all over the place lately it's like
I can't talk messing up all the time
like marpa mmm we are currently testing
the lining right now and make sure it's
good Oh where's the other pillow how do
you lose that big can you sit in the
closet I found it really that I was like
why why does it look funny
it did yeah that's better
okay wardrobe change because I think my
shirt was like - neon so it was like
looking really weird on camera so I'm
wearing it the shirt that I got from
urban not selling you know just like
casual comfy no do it free do so I
thought it would be hilarious to do a
video of the different um so so the
other day I was thinking so the other
day I was thinking it would be hilarious
hey guys what's up um so so it's just a
fact this guy's um and if you like this
video and you like just the content and
think it's really funny and then
subscribe to my channel because that way
you won't miss out on my future video
yeah that's what I'm talking about y'all
want my name oh oh we're Duga you got a
little doe
No handed over California miss panda
what's happening here close down Oh cute
what am i doing fantasy can le legally
no get you okay so I see what she's been
loving lately
since she loves her thighs rub a blue
ties drugs Oh like I can't you can't
remember guys when everyone's watching
mom mom there's none whoo
so I totally just cried so that's where
my makeup is like completely different
and totally off we have one more if
you'd like to come in and we are done
with this video
which I'm really excited about and with
this one I'm gonna eat some chocolate
who doesn't like chocolate Hey mmm YUM
oh and we got a dub directional tube
anyway let's do this oh wait I have a
little tripod right here ah any guesses
what this view is yes look what time it
is 3:30 holla we had a schedule had a
schedule oh my makeup is like off I
literally grew balls like brah
fun fact when people film and I'm going
to say for everyone because I guarantee
every 1000 people film they just move
the mess to a different place everywhere
isn't clean charlie bit better
what started ish no problem okay guys
tell me a secret tell me a secret hold
on earthquake aah
tell me what your favorite type of cake
is mine is yellow cake with chocolate
frosting bomb as far as like homemade
cake are you down to the box
angel food cake I love it with
strawberries yeah is actually probably
one of my favorite yeah I never yes very
sure why it is so we always had very 4th
of July okay so I'm gonna go like I'm
gonna go like this and like this
and then I'm gonna take a bite of this
and then
look at this and scoop it with this or
should I do it seen before that's like I
need chocolate like looking for coffee
make it would go with the flow if it
just cuts straight you know ready shoot
yeah yeah yeah y'all that's cool I'll
mark that was really too much chocolate
I mean I love chocolate but it was like
too much I'm just eating up all my
makeup I'm watching the clips wait
that's actually perfect
I feel like watching that people Gerber
like was like my stomach immediately was
like what what up guys we are done
filming house like hour or two I what
did I do
oh I was editing the video I was like
what the outline of it is there so it's
exciting night option I are gonna go to
a coffee shop I think to do some more
editing homework and stuff although I
did a whole paper and some more homework
earlier and I'm still not stoked at
so I'll let you know now I'm heading
over I have spray-z appointment in an
hour so we're gonna go ahead out just
over like that Arius because there's a
lot of traffic right now that's why I
take off my makeup and I'm just in like
whatever clothes you're supposed to be
like really loose clothes but yeah I
figured playlist is this weekend and I
might as well kill two birds one and yes
I figured I would vlog cuz why not
Alicia's upstairs getting her tan on and
I'm chilling here in the car and you
know not too much not too much we're in
Newport hungry like like hungry she's
done we can do something about that
sounds like a plan to me and and Alicia
hates it when I put the camera close to
my face but I do it all the time cuz
what's she gonna do about it
hey yo we back neck you'll tell me she's
back I didn't go shrew retro-looking the
various like mmm
also about posting instagrams get
excited ready ready
it is 6:30 9 p.m. now you guys are going
to realize when you got the notification
that my Instagram went up which if you
don't have notifications on for me you
totally should all you have to do is
like go to me and like it'll say like Oh
notify when I upload a lot of you are
about to get a notification and when you
watch this walk your bike oh my god I
knew what you look like what you doing
when I got a notification right and it
says when your outfit is more on point
than your wife yeah I was my coach
holiday 3 outfit and I really liked how
it turned out I think was my favorite
outfit which is funny because I wasn't
expecting it to me but it it worked out
that way nice when that happened go into
pressed getting some Jamba Juice awesome
I got see me and Ashley both got the
vanilla one which has vanilla almond
dates white almond vanilla almond one it
has almonds date vanilla bean and sea
salt when it's really really good and I
also got these citrus 3 which is the
grapefruit limpin I can talk just the
grapefruit one which is literally my
favorite it's so freakin good so I got
this I think want to have it tomorrow
maybe like tomorrow morning or something
so so yeah so we are currently at a
coffee shop and we're gonna get the work
gold
it's so cute Imams like a little wooden
thing and I have like even more in here
the coordinate so I love it
which was so active
people we know
don't like the J's actually like what's
really big table and have more tables
like over there anything on the Kuna and
I'll see you guys Congress
and good Yahoo I'll say time is
literally 10:47 like two hours later
when you can saw my chance like got
darker I didn't so much have a whole
thumbnail
very exciting and I really want to show
you guys but I also wanted to be
surprises I think it's like pretty good
so uh nobody comes out I think I'm gonna
upload some really busy Saturdays but
I'm going to go up something but on
future is actively acknowledged to come
now
what I've got oh my gosh my voice I
don't know what this cold is but my
voice is oh just like gave out like not
that long ago I hope you guys liked this
video I'm going to end it here because
I'm currently editing it I need to
export it so I can upload it the morning
and do this up now but yeah anyway I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow with a traveling vlog which is
exciting so get excited for that and I
love you guys one please see my club
