good morning oh my lunge is beard oh no
good morning guys
um mm-hmm well definitely really good
afternoon definitely want to call right
now what am I even saying are now
literally sake wanted to vlog today
because I've missed a few days and I'm
like mer but I'm legit like Marr because
I'm sick literally like Coachella that
made me so sick I like like last night
literally hit me like I was fired and in
one second it hits me my throat super
sore yeah literally mer mer I had to
make it better I have a meeting today
that I'm going to so I just like I'm
bumming it like no other I got anemic
care to like get ready a little bit of
makeup on but yeah I could really use
some medicine right now so I think I'm
gonna go to Target before I head out to
LA that way I can get just like to stock
up on medicine tissues like everything
I'm just gonna accept that like I have a
cup I'm gonna try to find it like I'm
accepting it and I'm just gonna get
everything that I need so I'm set for
the week because this weekend is
playlist live and I don't want her like
be sick then well I probably will be
let's be real oh I feel like this vlog
is gonna be so boring I'm so sorry but I
felt bad because I haven't been vlogging
so I was like I need a blah and then I'm
gonna go see Mia later so that's me fun
I think we're just gonna have like it as
a editing date better because I have to
edit my krischell vlog and then I have
to plan out this week's video and she is
maddening to do so that's what's going
on here's an outfit of it didn't yeah
told you guys I'm completely bumming out
now my hat is from Urban Outfitters just
a pink baseball hat jacket super Urban
Outfitters shirt says no coffee a
depressed oh that's from forever21
finals urban leggings are Victoria's
Secret and there's a flop on them oh no
there's not
what was that what is oh it's on the
mirror I'm wearing Ashlee's adidas
shot to her case which is not going to
try it they gotta hurry because I don't
want to be late
and all that fun stuff and it's really
dark
oh yes take mother hallelujah poplar sir
I cannot talk to him so sorry for his
long puff plus lotion is literally
speedfest tissues you can get their
amazing okay okay okay now I think
that's all I do need another water
bottle in income well that was a success
I spent way too much money on medicine
that I probably only did like one thing
but I didn't care I literally got so
much stuff feels like I need all of this
oh my gosh is a literally so hot it's 91
degrees right now is that my car SATs 91
oh my gosh hot okay um anyways gonna
take some medicine go on my way hmmmm
okay
hey guys update time that's been a while
is currently at 7 o'clock p.m. and
meeting went really well I said that was
too much like the whole time but I am
feeling a little bit better
apparently not dinner on a date school
best friend named whatever we got some
oh look who's we're twinning with our
hat I just realized no yours is cuter
what'd you get
I got that looks bomb
that one's bomb getting suit because I'm
it sounded really good and I'm excited
so yeah I need we need this stuff I've
got a tripod
I'm using the icon the spoon
that stuff like some chili pain which is
like
Oh
I'm curious to see if this is the place
update - hey guys and welcome to you a
day 2 of this vlog I try to update you
in like two seconds like what all has
happened yesterday I had my meeting and
then I came back to Mia's we had dinner
and then we were just editing having fun
and I literally got so so tagged that
was not feeling good whatsoever so I'm
just crashing here last night and then
really out as a hook I came off really
early this morning I went back home went
to the gym like got ready grabbed some
stuff and came back here then I'm still
at Mia's apartment can't tell well one I
really really need to get my nails done
because the last place I went to I have
my normal place I go to and I went to a
place right before Coachella because my
nail like broke so I needed to fix it
not even kidding all of my nails were
like yellow as you saw in yesterday's
vlog like they like looked yellow like
not even kidding like it was a cheap
taco or it was an old topcoat that they
used I was like oh my gosh I'm never not
going to my normal place again
tt-this this is like like next like
they're actually white you know go
rewind this vlog and look at them
earlier so anyways I got my nails done
and then I came up back to me and she
has an event tonight with iHeartRadio
and she had a plus one to choose like
hey do you want to come with like yes
why not let's do it so I'm currently
getting ready for that I think we
actually have to leave somewhat students
we should probably shut up and just
start getting ready
there's nowhere to put my wall camera
then we're gonna make a tripod guys yeah
okay okay kind of low but it worked
he's a candle yes yeah yeah currently
getting ready got some coffee because I
was so tired driving out here was like
falling asleep guy girls like dude
that's not good and let's do my eye
shadow
oh but yo holla yeah mmm yeah yeah oh
thank the others is hot out it said 92
on my car
hi I mean hi what are you wearing what
it is I'm just gonna put my hair in like
a messy low bun because I'm even have
time I like
so my makeup was in my car for a little
bit and like this lip liner is going on
so smooth because it's like kind of like
melted like let's be real like that's
what it is it goes on so smooth and I
love it I'm like whoa this is amazing
y'all and this is what we are we're in
it looks familiar
ash board to the Entertainer Awards yeah
okay update time mean what time is it
6:43 p.m. just 6:43 p.m. and it's kind
of sunny and bright so sorry about that
I have an announcement to make it is
extra 64 P oh thanks means that what you
were worried oh that helps different
Harbor I'm currently walking over to the
thing we don't know really what it is
not sure if they're going to let us have
cameras because they might like take
them so worried but that's my figured I
should block now in case they do shirt
very interesting
kind of like splits right here I just
can't bless my arms are not Mike if you
notice the back that's it I knew but
that's why I hold lady
this is living why I'm vlogging at it
down Anglos which I never do because
double check I got you Oh me anyway
Oh who's done but when I'm vlogging I'm
always like oh this one surprise ugly
but then I edit it I'm like oh that
looks fun coming OSA yes yes yes I
notice him outfit a bit a PFC day top
three people my skirt is from Urban
Outfitters cash is from her bow fitters
and I move backwards and my shoes are
from big peepee eat my cable my shoes
are from Jeffrey Campbell's but I got my
three people
kenmore kenmore love look at the camera
Oh Oh cute want to through it okay
anyways we are back at me apartment I
mean it was good enough sorry
as you can see I'm already back in comfy
clothes like yo but yes I'm about to
leave and we have to be by to meet the
kennel by me been kin wars he doesn't
care it now
he loves me I swear hey guys so I am
home and I'm unbelievably exhausted I
just brush my teeth and wash my face
um and I fell asleep on the couch right
before that and um yeah today I'm gonna
go to bed I hope that you liked today's
vlog and I will see you really soon with
a new one and you Olivia
ie
