good morning guys first of all I look
bald but I swear my hair's in the bun
skipper here definitely rocking the
workout clothes right now I did go to
the gym this morning so that was a very
productive which is awesome but yeah I
won't start today's vlog running out
also uploaded yesterday's vlogs if you
haven't seen that definitely go to Daffy
did some Coachella shopping which I
still need to do a little more tonight
but I'm excited I am so excited so you
guys gonna be epic
and then the next weekend is playlist
live I'm just like so pumped you guys
don't even know yeah anyways right now
I'm getting ready to go out to Dana
Point because my parents and I are gonna
go do some bike riding again so I feel
like you guys don't blame but literally
is one of my favorite things ever I
think it's definitely gonna become like
a new hobby not only is it'll work out
but it's so relaxing especially like
like riding next to the ocean like it's
beautiful and yeah and if you've been
wondering Khloe has not been in blogs
lately that's because she's been at my
parents house because ash and I have
just had so much going on the past
couple of days we felt really bad
leaving her home alone for like hours
and hours and hours so yeah anytime
ashlynn I go on a trip we always bring
her to our parents house and they're
amazing for looking after her there's
literally like her grandparents like her
her dogs pair like oh I'm sorry but I
can't see her because we're gonna bring
her so I'm gonna have to get a little
leash ting but she's gonna go bike
riding with us
so yeah Ashley has class so she can't
come gonna be really fun and I want to
start a salon because if I don't start
it now that I'm not going to start it
and then if I don't start it then there
will not be a blog up today so yeah
that's what's going on later I have a
spray tan appointment cuz a hashtag
Coachella I like to look a little tan
and then a little shopping like oh
tonight I like have to edit my video so
you got basically to plan for the day
it's currently 12 like noon yeah so
let's go and um let's do this
I miss you
who's all strapped in and ready to go
I mean anything oh I can't okay so I got
a pink helmet this time okay I think my
buns in the way I look so cute right now
I allegedly don't even care it's like oh
we have been biking down PCH miss
Bennett gorge huh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
you guys saw this last time but you have
to see this view again this gorge it's
so beautiful
you're currently biking and vlogging one
hand the little hard not gonna line but
we got this we got this so pretty
literally the oceans like right here you
guys have to see this oh so pretty I
love Orange County it's literally so
blue today like the water is so blue oh
my gosh oh we should rent sea-doos next
time that would be legit oh my gosh
let's do it I think it's fur
hey guys update I'm currently 4:53 p.m.
obviously we were down at biking it was
so much fun
it's kind of hard to vlog so sorry that
there's like hardly any footage I last
time I said I need to bring my GoPro and
I feel like gonna be fun maybe for like
a full day thing but yeah we back for a
few hours it was great little workout
slash just something fun to do legite I
think we're gonna buy some bikes because
we can keep them at my aunt's house she
lives on the beach you it leave them
there like it'll be perfect I'm really
excited I think it's gonna be a new
little hobby that happens like weekly
but anyways now I'm here waiting to go
in for my tanning appointment getting a
spray tan because hashtag don't want
skin cancer like tanning beds I'm like
totally against the spray tans I'm all
for I don't I don't know if I should do
the medium one that I normally get or
like should I just get it a little
darker I don't know I don't know
hopefully I don't like orange guys what
if I like orange when I'm blue but
everyone's gonna make fun of me oh so
that's the thing but I'm getting so
excited for bouton let me know if you
guys are going I know like 99% of people
aren't going but I said people don't
even know what it is honestly it's just
it's a huge music festival it's like
really popular in Palm Springs and you
guys know I love Palm Springs like well
technically it's in Coachella Valley
those people don't know that but Palm
Springs is like 20 minutes from there
but I love it there we go all the time
as you guys know I feel like like it's
like a second home he is gonna be going
teryn Ashley John Murray like it's gonna
be cool break and we're back at the
apartment
I'm not orange very happy about that
probably looks like it right now but I'm
not so literally this apartment is a
disaster
Ashley and I are currently putting
together our Coachella outfits as you
can probably guess we literally have
everything just like this isn't even
everything that's the funny part this is
just like what we were like playing with
oh my gosh Sophie you're currently at
the mall
like so ratchet like neither like really
so far it's been successful we're going
to try
currently rating the accessories because
um yo I found these rings to perk you
and then also I'm obsessed with this
Joker it's like
what up guys how are you doing and we
are currently on our way to Palm Springs
so just kidding we're in Palm Springs
oh my hair screws make it even better
we're pulling into our hotel right now
as you can see today I got my nails I
hope I showed you I changed my colors
because one nail chips or specific nails
um I'm excited we have got okay guys
sorry this vlog ended absolutely
abruptly and it's like a two-day block
technically like a three-day vlog
because today is the next morning but I
did just want to totally and I wanted to
get all this footage up so that way I
can start fresh for this weekend I'm
sorry if this vlogs a little scattered
but I hope that you liked it and I hope
that you get excited for festival vlog
this again because they're about to be
really fun and I'm so guys I love you
guys and I'll see you real soon
Hey
