good morning guys oh my gosh my voice is
like Marisa so today we are leaving
Orlando you're flying do it okay wait
today is Tuesday and we were leaving
we're leaving Orlando got some coffee
because obviously Nico I haven't
unlocked a and the longest rises in me
rose like really excited for doctrine
and this is so first thing I thought I'd
go into star bedroom and the girl like
laughed at me because because I go in a
night order with my Starbucks toe and
she's like laughs and she's like oh my
gosh you're all copied out and don't
allege like your shirt - I'm sure this
is no coffee of depressed most are
boasting and like in a year like dying
laughing at me and the girl would laugh
at me I look like a Starbucks adding so
bad and then on top of it it was cool
because she gave me an extra like bonus
stars because of it which is funny huh
so here we go dude and my sandwich is
gonna fall oh no I'm a hot mess right
now guys it's so hard to vlog with one
hand
oh my gosh tastefully different gonna go
the easy way here we go oh
oh oh hey again oh snap ha ha so
something so exciting is happening
are you ready and all you guys it's all
because of you guys cuz what I've been
asking you guys to tell her in my vlogs
he's coming to Pennsylvania they're
gonna have like so many epic vlog this
week get excited I'm late adopter
security and we are gonna get some food
or do and we just had like an impromptu
photo shoot and the hallway like on the
other thing I'm sure people are staring
at us like you're crazy what are we
getting a home you guys look so ready
you actually to be in my room tonight
and see Lily well we're coming all Gator
all Johnson thank you
raesha pump work here we have the kind
of enough
now we're going to try to do
and you know maybe like and you all
wanna be around if you all wanna be
round running champion I dream in the
end I got cancer stolen my true
collective all famous for famous number
one is severable I do what I want when I
want and how I want it
leave you with the one who yeah that's
all wrong I got taken throw I don't care
I'm gonna hold better so much better if
it been credible
oh isn't something up there that's life
and I never see sorry view the world
hey guys oh my god I'm in Pennsylvania
and I'm in Nicky's room but it's lights
been a lot later actually
we got like currently 1 a.m. and I was
editing this vlog do this every on tap
and I realize how little footage I have
I just ever mmm I was like oh my gosh
that sucks as long as so short but for
some reason I really want to get it up
tomorrow because I want it to like start
like I don't know she had just no help
no upload so I feel like this fog is
gonna be unbelievably short I also want
to post it because I haven't told you
guys that I'm here yet I think it'd be
fun to like surprise you guys but if I
do a 2-day vlog that means like I
wouldn't be able to snapchat or anything
tomorrow I'll be able to snapchat yeah I
think this is just gonna be a short vlog
I'm sorry girly I guess do you get it I
want it like oh oh oh we've literally
been on a plane in a car all day early
and then like the guys good right but if
it's gonna be your attic Dance Moms we
are last time I was out here was May so
it's basically been almost a year since
I've been here I was made
no it's June you're right was June okay
so yeah almost a year so I can ear ago
like I was like a year ago ten months
ago - ten months ago but so can we give
me a sneak peek know so well by the time
you guys do that there won't be a sneak
peek but you know I mean oh Santa
the awkward plug EQ and you're on your
blog so I feel guilty for Cuba two
blocks yeah when the morning like when I
get a yeah
