hey guys what's up today is Monday so
happy Monday and we're being productive
today all I got a set currently sitting
in my chair in my room with us we're
filming this week's video I'm really
excited I think it's cuz since we have
Coachella this weekend like we have to
kind of like be ahead a schedule when
normally we film Fridays but we're going
to be gone so we're trying to be ahead
of schedule and film so they can enjoy
the weekend
have a video up don't be crazy I want to
start my vlog today because I just
wanted to vlog didn't vlog yesterday
because I uploaded a main channel video
and I uploaded a vlog yesterday did
homework yesterday and it was a good day
but it was just like you know I usually
don't blog Sunday so once about today
you have two meetings later so I'm not
sure how much footage I'll get today but
we're gonna we're gonna make it work
gonna make it work I keep snapping today
yeah guys let's do this also got my
coffee you can probably tell cuz she
like she's in a great mood
cuz I got my coffee sanera hazelnut good
it's good yeah anyways let's um start to
get a little behind-the-scenes of this
week's video let me have a little bit
permanent let me know if you have any
guesses as to watch this video is I
think it'll be extremely obvious so I'm
not gonna try to like hide it from you
guys because you'll yield up you'll see
you'll see it's my makeup today and
these false lashes are like way too long
I feel like they're like like I don't
know but then I already like put them on
it was like I don't want to take them
off whatever anyway um yeah um let's do
it
ash could you vlog while we felt good
thank you hey guys what's up how you
doing
blend them back to my channel if you're
new hello my name is Alicia Marie and
this is me a shaking your hand
Thanks um and then in the comments of
that video and summers off
um so first of all I'm quit I hope you
like to go also I'm currently vlogging
right now so if you want to see that to
the vanilla peanut folks also I am
currently logging this very second so
definitely go check out my second
channel if you want to see like the Hina
scenes of this video
I love logging and we're almost to a
million loads of them I'm see yeah check
it out link in the downbar
so I'm currently blogging me while
recording on the intro it went really
smooth and we're done with that so now
we're just gonna like bust out this
whole video we have like seven things
tend to think the hit about you that I
got a cell real quick so we're gonna do
it
Gomi good for me great let's do it woo
okay so for this next one we needed like
a cross I put what is it like a find the
difference type of puzzle spot the
different so that's what's goin on
also I curled my hair with those like
curlers today that's why it's like extra
like voluminous boom volume up here I
didn't leave them in that long cuz I
wanted it to be more like beachy
everybody sweet we're filming the third
one now Oh guys you would be so proud
we've gotten the five things done we
have two things left and we're gonna try
to film them so quick we have to go to
school to do that
he's like a vending machine so it's not
an hour we're good we're totally good we
have like an hour until I have to leave
for my meeting you see me later is not
exciting um she's gonna be there so tip
I can't say anything yet but vlog camera
take over in a while guys kidding no it
hasn't
we are headed to school fun fact and I
don't know what stay on a vlog I get
real awkward and I just bring it real
close and I say okay guys my secret for
you it's cloudy today
okay so slight snag for a school but the
vending machines that we always knew of
like they got rid of Joe we have my new
baby she it kind of really need them so
we're gonna try to keep looking but
don't find Annie then we're just going
to have to like find some new ones
somewhere yeah Samia film up her
tomorrow day doing ashes I got out of
the car she's looking around she's on
the phone right now they had hey
everyone oh yeah I just want to update
you guys it's major
we looked everywhere guess we'll try to
find some somewhere else another day oh
well at least like we're gonna be
literally got 95% yeah I like everything
done except maybe got ya okay I don't
think oh my gosh you guys we feel so so
stupid we're driving home from going to
school and being a complete fail I look
at a time like there's a vending machine
and our compass and our apartment
complex be like just didn't think about
it at all
yeah pretty bad okay so I'm headed to
you at my meetings so I want to give you
guys outfit of it is a day Hey all right
mom
I don't know yet um I can't talk today
at all first of all I don't know if
you've noticed but I've been all about
chokers lately I got this one at forever
21 it's just like super thin it's like a
little braid and I absolutely love it
my jacket is from Urban Outfitters I got
this a couple months ago and it said it
was online only at the time the other
day I was in urban and I saw the gray
version of it so they might have this
version this is like the blush color
wearing a white t-shirts just baggy by
Victoria Secret leggings as away today
I'm weighing my black dance I haven't
were these worn these in a while
literally what is up with me I cannot
talk for anything today I'm like more
than a bit of it all day with my intro
with vlogging and I'm gonna have
meetings how am I supposed to talk to
people I'll be like in a minute let's go
to l.a ready them an extra white lately
I haven't done anything different it's
just exhausting
casually in Starbucks facetiming and
vlogging literally in Starbucks
Facebook niki and gabi right now oh my
gosh 90s like no other
okay so I came early to my meeting
because I really wanted to get Starbucks
I got some tea and then Nicki was like
you should FaceTime me and I'm like
perfect because I have like 30 minutes
to spare that's what we're doin right
now literally it's like a friend-friend
date but time rush I think you look cute
bring your pants my pants those you guys
oh that is that I basically like wore
the whole eye I do and I feel that I
still have like to pick foot flops of
Gabi's if she's looking for the freckle
what up guys update I'm major update
time currently 844 p.m. meeting from
went like really good today both of them
dead I don't really remember the last
thing I've logged I think the last thing
I've logged with Skype or face timing
niki and gabi yeah that's a lot later me
and Mia like said bye to each other like
while I'm walking my car I'm like oh my
gosh didn't want her stay with it I
should I have a lot of work to do I'm
going to edit a whole video a she's
gonna write a whole paper we like trying
new coffee shops out and it's open till
midnight oh yeah anyways I'm so good
shoot
current attire right now
my gosh my ears are like so red because
I was writing petal oh my gosh they're
like cherry tomatoes anyway my bed
should be so proud it's currently
I miss videos like 80% villain I take
off my makeup because I'm so excited
take it off feels like disgusting like
the best part of the day is when I get
together with Mika yeah I thought to end
this vlog I love you guys so much and I
will see you tomorrow with a new vlog
and I let me good fight
