good morning guys what is up so today is
an extra exciting vlog I'm sure you
already know cuz the title I'm something
else it but I am leaving for playlist
live Orlando's today oh my gosh my voice
yes I'm getting I I don't know if I'm
getting better or if it's just like
staying the same I'm like overall I feel
a little better so like a little bit
just my nose and like my throat every
now and then like my boys liked hole is
totally on we're flying to Orlando for
playlist live is gonna be really fun at
my flight is until 3:15 currently 10:23
a.m. I've actually done a lot of tacking
but I wanted to show you guys me packing
I have to go to old tech cuz I really
need dry shampoo and I really wanted to
get my eyebrows done is through looking
a little little bit messy so I think I'm
gonna go do my errands right now and
that way I just come back and like
finish do my makeup yeah everything
packed everything like that yeah I just
want to start to blog so so yeah hey
guys I was totally vlogging all time and
realize that record button wasn't going
at all and then buy that too much like
I'm gonna check out so that's suck I'll
give you haul when I get back home so
now I'm gonna go see if I get my
eyebrows done and yeah
Karen Cator just got to the eyebrow
place and not wish me luck guys eyebrows
are gonna be like so mad oh my gosh this
done though oh oh I'm nice like hmm
happy time we are now headed to target
I'm gonna get some snitch for the plate
yeah and just the trippin Journal why
not and my eyebrows are super oh no nope
you can tell it's like weirdly empty
right now
yeah like weirdly loud over here oh I
wanna get these so bad but I probably
should is so good
favorite candy ever I should put you
back oh my gosh you cried there's a
shooting
I like the red right up oh my god what
would you do if I like passed up on the
little one and I was like oh wait I have
to get those looking for almonds
weirwood almonds be bountiful and haul
time let's start with tarik sprite here
got some tissues because um hashtag cold
and hashtag flying doesn't go together
so I got some like individual ones like
put my person my backpack that's
self-explanatory
got some almonds just to like munch on
the plane if I'm hungry or whatever as
almonds are good for you and yeah this
is so random but I also got like
individual peanut butter things celery
and peanut butter like whatever so um
and most hotels never have peanut butter
so so yeah I actually text me and I was
like yo you need anything from Target
say yes give me deodorant so I got her
some a deodorant deodorant I think
that's everything from Target and then
from Ulta I really needed new makeup
wipes I swear I just bought some and I
have no idea where they are so I got
some new ones a lot of you recommended
me to try the hydrating ones because
they're like better than the ones I
normally get so I'm trying these ones
got my favorite dry shampoo ever this is
the reason why I basically went anywhere
today because I really needed some dry
shampoo and then the last thing that I
got is this mirror I've been meaning to
get a mirror like this for such a long
time when we were on to where most the
girls had a mirror like this and
honestly it helped so much doing their
makeup there's usually hardly any
mirrors and the Lighting's like all
yellow and stuff so I was like I'm gonna
get my own mirror um so I can do my
makeup like wherever so yeah so yeah
that's my hell
much better make it was done and guys
these eyebrows doe they look all fleek
cuz I got them done which is really
exciting mostly packed I have to pack up
pack I have to pack up my carry-on with
you oh look at this little one thank you
I'm a myth you play miss me like mummy
is pushing me I love you I love her so
much I can't thank you okay let's do
this
so here's the suitcase I feel like I'm
so under packed like not even funny I
don't even know what I packed so I mean
hopefully I packed it up I'm like not
even kidding I like I don't know this
side we got bathing suits all that fun
stuff then we got shoes on this side I
usually like shoes and random stuffs on
my mirror my uggs my like beauty stuff
shoes already said that iron and yeah
that is my suitcase and again I hope I
have everything Alice I don't even know
what I'm wearing tomorrow I have two
panels anumita
tomorrow and I don't know what I'm
wearing yeah awesome right right Oh last
time I think it was over so I'm really
hoping oh my gosh feasible whoa what the
heck okay got the suitcase I seriously
love my suitcase so much it's so huge
for the problem is because it's so huge
you can fit so much stuff so it's so
easy to go over the limit because you're
like oh my suitcase isn't full I'll make
it full and you make it full and then
they're like oh you need to take out
five pounds what da da da down down
you're now and if in my backpack I
really don't know take it out on the
hair come on you get it I really don't
know where my backpack is which is kind
of a problem
casually ring with the blessing okay so
huge fail I thought I was flying United
and I really felt that I have to walk
luckily it's on the same side of the
terminal that I'm on so don't have to
like get another car but okay sure
yes we finally made it through security
and we
to go to the gate although I think
boarding soon but I really wanted to get
a water everyone is to not be run down
try logging their providers hi can I
have the UM the avocado and tomato and
then the pineapple chicken just to go
difficulys top by limiting it I got a
two portion thing and then it's Apple
because
my food for their today let's see
it's so empty here what up guys so it is
currently 5:30 in the morning I'm still
sitting through a data for Mia is here
she's getting her baggage baggage claims
I'm in here any second
yeah I'm so tired I don't have to be up
in like five hours because I have a
early meet up you look so cute
what is this what is this dough means is
here I mean I am tired and I'm kind of
like delirious right now I just like off
my game off my game
I'm just interested I want to go so
girly because our meetup is in de mawnin
well I'm excited for that not excited
that I don't get to sleep in we have to
check in at 9:30 a.m.
it means we have to be up at 7:30 a.m.
what's our current situation Oh what we
did make it we're here for not in the
room yet and why not
guess who's in the rows help we're so
excited guys we are so excited if yes
I'm unbelievably hyper right now because
I'm so sleep-deprived and I had a coffee
on the plane although that usually
doesn't affect me I'm just like long day
long day but you have to see this
playlist is like literally a sweetest
there's like little goodies and I I just
freaked out Oh see this was like okay
ready so I'm walking my room and I was
like oh my gosh this hotel has a really
cute coffee maker
wait what that doesn't make sense this
is too cute to be like or no offense to
the hotel but you know doesn't yeah
whatever there was this 4 port USB wall
charger which I've wanted one of these
for a really long time with some phone
cords I'm coffee they know I love my
coffee you gotta have my coffee and then
there's this coffee maker that is so
cute and I'm like so excited for that
inbox water because you're completely
sure that it's yours you know what I
mean all right so here's the same guy we
walk in the room and I'm like oh my god
wait can I take this can I take that
coffee like make our home it looks like
a brand like left it and then we're like
oh my gosh wait didn't Mia's room have
that too so we go to Mia's but the stuff
isn't there you're like oh wait so does
that really mean I can take that stuff
home so I'm not sure but I really want
to take it does that make me
am I gonna steal it I don't know I'm
gonna ask but I'm like 99% sure that
means I can take it cuz it's just like
stuff like sitting here like little
goodies so like oh my gosh I'm so
excited but yeah anyways continuing
Insignia so it's this literally the
cutest coffee maker ever box water cup
of noodles um coffee what is this
chocolate chip cookie dough instant
oatmeal oh man oh and then a little oh
my gosh wait I have I have something
like this you like tea kettle thing do
you have one me do you want it you could
have one if it's you like this is you
and then this is me
we both like color but you go for the
more blacks and I go for them for the
more white and yes here I give this tea
kettle to you memes cherish it forever
you're welcome I'm gonna hate myself
when I edit this blog me and I always
usually have separate rooms because they
book it that way but we usually always
just like crash together in the same
room cuz it's so much more fun is like a
sleepover the whole darn whoo
and there is a toaster with some
pop-tarts so sweet still not 100% sure
if I can take these home with me but I
really want to so yeah we have a meet-up
in like 5 hours so we're gonna go to bed
bye bye
