hey guys what's that today's Thursday it
is currently 116 p.m. and I got a late
start today that's cool morning I had a
lazy morning I edited a vlog uploaded
that it's up to watch it wait for it
wait for it wait for it
Disney day in life blogs with Ashley yes
yes go watch that vlog and then after
that I just answered some emails and
stuff had a phone call and now I'm
currently getting ready I'm just feeling
like really chill today I'm gonna put on
like hardly any more makeup and just
kind of yeah absolutely getting lunch
with a friend and then we're gonna meet
up I'm hoping to get my nails done today
because they are so so overgrown is
really bad so yeah hopefully I can get
my nails done today I might keep calling
my nail salon but it sounds like it's
busy do not why though yeah that really
sucks so if we don't do that today I'll
probably do tomorrow and then maybe go
shopping today out here or somewhere
guys super exciting but actually night
are going to the jungle book premiere on
a Monday at night I am so excited like
so excited because you guys know I love
anything at all Disney and it's a Disney
premiere it's gonna be so much fun and I
have no idea what to wear I was wanting
to wear like a black jumpsuit kind of
but I was online can't find anything so
I think I just need to like go in the
store but anyways I was just I'm
watching some YouTube videos and doing
my makeup yeah oh yeah let's um let's do
this literally me and Ashley both do our
makeup here like in front of the mirror
just like sitting here chillin and make
this done I only added like a little
more eye shadow and then some mascara
hold it good I'm kind of mostly just
waiting for Ashley to get back to figure
out what we're doing don't do about my
nails oh they're like so bad like it's
like did you stop you know that's gross
why am i showing it I don't know what up
so um I threw on some clothes I don't
know if I'm gonna stay in this I don't
know just threw it off but it was just
sitting here for the longest time
filling out a whole bunch of stuff in my
agenda talking about it but I'm just
obsessed with it yeah I just I feel so
productive when I see a whole bunch of
stuff written down and I like I don't
really forget stuff but I just feel so
much more like good you know what I mean
like when I look
okay I know I need to write stuff down
so much and think ups is here at least
it sounded like it no just kidding
getting tight clothes no one's here okay
literally two seconds later the doorbell
rang so now I think you go - oh dang
peez Eddie no okay here we go unboxing
time oh it's totally not this is from
Smashbox
our newest obsessions you're in the
first to get your hands on her oh well
oh my gosh I literally thought this was
like something else since Lilly own it
okay oh my gosh oh oh no so it's color
cracking sick so like if you have like
really red skin use the green one cold
exciting and they're amazing and they
put like a little chart showing what
color is for what less rep Oh awesome
that is super exciting to take a shot
mark I literally was not expecting that
I actually thought it was like something
else next one already sighs this is from
quest and this is huge I was not
expecting this close oh my gosh oh my
gosh we have a box check another box of
chips a third box a chip and a fourth
one we have four boxes I think I'm gonna
have one cuz some oh I just proved oh oh
oh my nail I keep my nails like bentback
like okay my nail didn't break but I
feel like it just bent in half like oh
my gosh I hurt so bad and it was on
camera I don't even know if I'm gonna
put that part in hit sunbathing oh my
god mmm
Go Go glow and we are way too
hey hey everybody what up guys so we're
back from the nail song we just hope it
likes which sponsor now yeah we did
basically Ashley was chillin at alfred's
you got some homework done my nails time
is so needed like so Whedon and I think
I'm gonna get some dinner
hello world welcome to j2 of the spa
sorry yesterday's vlog just didn't get
finished I thought it interesting happen
today's an exciting day today it's
filming day so Ashlyn era filming all
day long in this week's video we're
teaching sure it's going to go up Sunday
so if you're wondering get excited
because some day there will be a new
video also can we talk about the fact
that it's April 1st where has this year
gone you guys I don't like it I really
really don't like it I mean I like it
but I don't like it
I'm excited ok my birthday is Tuesday
and that's exciting because I love
anything birthday and um yeah also you
may have do there's a real what what
what also you may have noticed I
straightened my hair today I was just
not feeling like curling it so I said
straighten it and it's my first time
straightening it with my hair um this
blonde and I really like it now I like
it and I think it looks pretty good
decently good so yes we are filming a
video and this may be the biggest hint
of life as to what it is a kind of
abouts
oh yeah whooping out the binders and the
notebooks what does that mean well I
mean what else can I mean but really I
haven't done a school video and who
knows how long let's be real like
back-to-school season to love school
videos honestly I think they're one of
my favorite videos to film like favorite
genre of videos I don't really love
school videos so I was thinking like hey
just because it's not back to school
anymore doesn't mean I can't upload a
school related video so that's what this
week is but there is kind of a spin to
it that I think you guys are really
going to like and I'm excited speaking
of spin I really needed doughnuts for
this video for one part of it I just
snapped out of you guys saying how hard
is because I'm trying so hard to be
healthy and I really don't want to eat
one and they look beautiful
hmm
it was pretty straight thank you I was
just asking them if you liked it I was
showing them the extra the free donut
holes yes and i snapchatted
do to my snapchat i'll show you guys my
snapchat and that's me
hello me well if you don't follow me on
snapchat you should do it my username is
legal 211 it's in the description of
like every vlog but here's my story as
of now for today that was yesterday oops
good this was J's like guess what I'm
filming and I gave a hint because I put
the little like glasses emoji dude and
yes when you need donuts for a video but
you're trying so hard to be healthy so
you don't want to eat me but they look
really really good
would you leave me like two seconds ago
ah ariana fans out there you guys are
gonna be like my mood right now but
lately Ash and I have really been liking
the coffee from Panera they have a
hazelnut one so good so it tastes like
there's creamer in here but there isn't
like it's black like it's that's crazy
right probably Alicia you're cheating on
Starbucks right now I kinda am but I've
never liked Starbucks as black coffee
yeah like it's too strong that I think
off now honestly I think every student
should know they are kind of
mind-blowing little motors here alright
sorry I never shoot my hair this is why
I never straighten myself literally
stomp so if you want to see more videos
like this do me a huge favor and
subscribe to my channel and give this
video a thumbs up because um fun fact I
wore this shirt when I was doing my last
video which was the testing DIY of
testing weird DIYs which by the way you
guys are loving that video thank you so
much definitely go watch it if you
haven't yet I was wearing this and um
the other day I look down and there's
like blue splatters all over and I was
like what cuz this is new I just got it
like a couple weeks ago if you remember
and then it hit me that it's the blue
crayon I when I blew them out like the
flames were gone but it's like went over
and then I guess all the wax splatter
and I didn't see that it got on my white
shirt makes me really upset because I
like this sweatshirt a lot in LA so I'm
currently packing up my backpack because
we are going to go to school to film um
the last few scenes for this video
that's what I'm doing
yeah oh gosh
the backpack you guys should still be so
proud of me because I haven't even eaten
a doughnut yet I haven't even like melts
the volcanic and small but you know I
mean haven't even how to do it yet yeah
here is another hint to this week's
video you guys are probably so confused
I don't even drink soda but it made a
cameo so we are currently in it class
and we are doing some filming as you can
see we do a little decorating to the
back wall what is an Alicia's school
without little pops of color not just
like a boring like like this is boring
this is fun
I don't know but yes and we're gonna do
this the donut donut don't have scene
right now
it's better you knock it off hey guys we
just watched back the footage of one and
it's hilarious and I like start I'm
basically like started crying and I was
like sitting on the ground sister bunny
we're done we're done we're done yeah oh
we're basically done with this whole
video the only thing left to do is take
some pictures for thumbnail and then we
are cool again this will most likely be
up Sunday so get excited that was a very
successful filming day yes it was yes
and I'm a dude you know you actually I'm
gone so we just got home we're gonna
make some dinner and have an editing
book party tonight editing party party
party we are editing
editing and it's a party party yay
so we are going to watch the TV and edit
and that should be good and I think I
want to edit this vlog too after sorry
there's like reflection I think I'm
going to edit this book after I edit my
video and yeah hey guys so I got ready
for bed and I edited this vlog up until
this point so I just wanted to end it
thank you so much for watching and I
will hopefully see you at the Seabees
mission hopefully I will see you guys
really soon with a new vlog and umm umm
umm umm yeah okay bye II love you more
