hey guys what is that so happy late
Easter I didn't vlog yesterday just
because we went to church in the morning
and then we went along at night I
homework and it was pretty boring uh no
excuse me wasn't a boring day but it was
just not like I feel like the vlog would
have been really boring anyway yeah
happy Easter and um um yeah so as you
can see I'm kind of bumming it today
yo I'm not filming or anything today I'm
gonna help Ashley film actually so I'm
excited for that she's doing a light
text video and I think it's gonna be
really good and then I have the gym
leader and then one of Ash's friends
coming over later so I think we're just
going to clean also I'm uploading and
like maybe like an hour or so so that's
super super exciting I think you guys
are really gonna like this video I love
it the way that it was filmed like
you're gonna know exactly what I mean
when you see it I don't know I just feel
like it it was very like real and like I
don't know obviously the video is going
up before this but like when I'm
reacting prep to the product it's like
my like initial reaction it feels like
it felt like a vlog like I was just like
talking to you guys it wasn't like a
really to produced video I just like my
real reaction which I really like so if
you like videos like that let me know if
you haven't seen it go watch it because
I'm really happy with how it turned out
and um until right now I am currently
I'm searching for some product because
for this week's video it's also a
different video that I haven't done
before I'm looking for some things to
buy and that's what I've been doing but
yeah just sort of do it and um literally
me right now literally me I just dropped
my computer that's that's good I've
never done this block ankle before so
yeah that's what I'm doing um and I'm
excited oh yeah oh hey guy what are we
doing life hacks videos looks like that
the most yummiest life hacks video I've
ever seen I mean really though boom
chicka it's been a while chicka and
Peter hey I wanted yesterday was a
chocolate bunny anyways let's do this
let's do it let's see let's see how that
works and then the milk is good this is
going to be makeup and it even opening
so you know ha ha ha ha that's so weird
love oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh you guys I can't it's not
chocolate milk but it's just legit
Ashley gave me here m to the tech
gateway that's why I'm gonna have some
that year oh my gosh yes a public
service announcement Easter candies like
50% off everywhere right now go getting
from my childhood dreams are coming true
yeah so filming is done it went super
smooth I'm excited for Ashley video I
think it's gonna be good was it going up
at oh and she wasn't listening to me and
she doesn't care about ah was it going
on Oh Wednesday hey what day it'll be a
day - there's no reason why kind of I
mean I don't see why not
it's Monday and speaking of uploading
and I am currently uploading my yo I
tested light packs like ah yes boo beard
do I've tested it video testing weird it
what how do I words up testing your DIY
weird DIYs tested a couple works
couple did in fun I don't know it's fun
yeah new videos that new video is uh go
watch it
I'm loving reading all your comments
right now everyone's saying that this
video is way more personable and like
extra entertaining more than normal so
mean so much so thank you guys
also having me tell you guys I have been
using at my agenda and I am obsessed
with it it's just it's everything
granted I've only done like a week of it
like I'm just so excited to write so
much stuff in here like not even funny
let me like decorate it that with like
highlighters and stuff I just think I
don't know I don't know what's meant wow
I've been to Rennes oh yeah so I've been
loving this meant to tell you guys it's
amazing it's my baby comments with me
everywhere Joe I am a walking over to my
room to do some more laundry uh-huh I've
been doing like sliding
okay I've been doing laundry for a
little bit and then I realized I should
blog been awhile since that vlog and I
come to the conclusion that I have way
too many clothes way too many clothes
because I mean my dresser is pretty
small constantly having the struggle to
much clothes apparently did laundry for
the first time in a forever have all
these clothes all this stuff and all
these clothes to find a spot for I don't
know though
I feel like this video should be I have
too many clothes and I don't know to do
that because like here to get ready
today but I
Update I'm so Ashley I gotta head to the
gym we're gonna go work out for a little
bit because I feel like I just need a
good workout right now
and then afterwards I think I'm gonna go
to Target because I really want to get
some like under my bed like storage
stuff I feel like I can put a lot of
like winter coats and stuff there
because my closet is so like so over
pool which is not even funny cuz used to
be like but but yes let's go to the gym
and okay then we are back from the gym
quickly showered and go ahead targets to
get some storage unit stuff I don't know
I'm hoping they have what I'm looking
for kind of bumming it
I've been bumming it all day I'm bumming
it a lot lately yeah that's what I'm
wearing oh wait actually
let's legit you an outfit of the day hot
is from Urban Outfitters shirt is a
brandy Melville pants aren't Abercrombie
& Fitch and my eggs
what's your throwback top is from brandy
this is from Iceland word move a club I
see you soon it is so cool right now
can't handle this I think this is what I
want that would be amazing cuz I'm good
guys this is literally exactly what I
want
now there yeah that works
I'm totally just kidding I think I found
some but I like better they're a little
deeper like it might work but we're
gonna find out Oh
good morning guys I'm still in the never
end of this vlog there's going to in
real quick and yeah anyways I will see
you guys tomorrow with a new blog and um
and yeah okay
