what up you guys so today is Saturday
and we are currently well yeah we
apparently on the way to target right
now say is a filming day I have not
filmed all week which is really bad I'm
hoping to film the entire video today
although it is gonna be like a simple
type video so yeah should be good but
I'm excited I think it's gonna go up
Monday only because sunday is Easter and
I feel like everyone's probably gonna
have plans and so it's most likely gonna
most likely gonna go up Monday
good morning canal good morning cannoli
ah good morning Zoe
so you out looking a priority Roger
right now and I'm gonna have to target
to get any sympathy and all supplies
studying for the video and cash is gonna
come with me and it should be fun should
be fun
currently walking into target being
unbelievably ratchet eating oatmeal oh
yeah I look so cute
vlog camera takeover look at how that
did you shoot button
Oh awkward okay good pitch from Brandi
jacket territory is a grouping shares
from you teasing me
really it's blood part from urban and
then I would
because I love my own anyway it was
really great there we go Joe so far
everything has been a great success
we've got everything we need so we're
just getting plastic and yeah and yeah
look at this the funny thing is it's
like what nine something
not either make it early huh you want a
veggie I'm good
oh my gosh you guys so your chest in on
the cleaner aisle and it like it hit me
up like this smells so bad what does it
remind me of literally reminds me of
anatomy and physiology when we would do
dissection and it's just like I like
gags in the aisle we look look how to
trick em any guesses with the videos
anyone anyone is kind of the most random
stuff I think I've ever bought that
target before Green yeah what do you
guess cuz I need sorry yeah still
absolutely obsessed my phone case
butcha muchacho still looking ratchet as
ever three so that was a very successful
shopping trip really soon it got really
it would end also because of this or it
was earlier on Saturday yeah now we're
gonna run home I'm gonna like go get
ready as fast as I can
you're going to film and a place to
leave me in two hours
oh my gosh so is my snapchat my snapchat
was open and I just act like all the
video and added the geotag of like
what's idiom in can you imagine I
suppose that's my story
hey guys so it's been a little bit later
now I'm back from Target and I'm
obviously already makeup and hair on
film is done it's done you had to be so
proud of me I literally knocked out
filming an entire video i salsa intro to
come but I think I'm just gonna film
that tomorrow yeah I got like most of
the video done today and I'm honestly I
was think about selling behind the
scenes but I kind of want it to be a
surprise because I've never done a video
like this before and I think it can be
really cool and exciting and I just want
you guys to see the actual video when
it's up again it's probably gonna be at
Monday 100% sure it's gonna be at Monday
so yeah currently working on the
thumbnail right now but yeah so Ashley
went to church because she is practicing
over Easter her teacher this weekend
they have a service today and then some
tomorrow he's drumming so that's
exciting so that's where she is so I'm
just chillin at home I figured I should
clean I cleaned up the living room
because it was a mess after filming you
know I gotta clean my bedroom because
it's like way worse than much
high beams are we comfy literally
bombing it today so don't mind me yeah
so yeah here's the that's the dumb stuff
though though my room is a mess it is
such a mess
yeah I still haven't even unpacked from
taxes if you're wondering and that's Ali
Sean's comforter and I haven't even
shown you the closet you ready for this
yes bad and make it even better I have a
huge Abbas spring in here because when
my bed got put together I never showed
you guys my bed oh my god but yeah so I
don't have this under my bed anymore so
I have to move it to the garage but I
was gonna wait for Ashley to get home
yeah so I might just put it in the
living room for now like huge and just
yeah it's so messy home babe oh that's
what's going on but chillin chillin
chillin here I really wanna start
editing my video however I feel like I
should do some cleaning first so I'm
going to I don't know I put some music
on get in the mood and just start
cleaning my room cuz it's so bad you've
gone boom boom
every time I week I was my right one so
I feel like I need to like even it out
and do my left side okay
whoa there's like a gap right here and
my lashes my head looks like an egg
no update been cleaning my room for a
while and we are gonna do more for real
though
why haven't they added something to make
just like scratchy fingers and your
rooms clean you know yeah nope--like
smart house status do you guys remember
that movie from Disney Channel oh my
gosh smart house is like my thing I love
that movie
although now if you think about it Siri
is kind of like smart house in a way but
sadly like Siri can't clean my room
Janet I'm like legit
which really have been cleaning for so
long and it doesn't even look like my
bedroom clean I mean it looks a lot
better
mostly because that whole thing is gone
yeah holding some clothes it doing some
laundry
a little butter it's a little better
this is all trash so I can take this
she's look better now oh I love when you
look at me like that she looks at you
like Oh sir she looks at you like like
she does ask her look like right now
lookit it's like she tries to look like
she doesn't care about you or like what
you want but in reality she's like a
booty toe you are the cutest dog in the
world
so Asus called me she's done we're gonna
go get dinner together I'm not sure
where we're going it's gonna go to some
some dinner and sister bonding time I
feel like I haven't seen her a lot
lately so we decided to get so much of
hold life I had it like less come weeks
ago
oh I haven't I literally haven't had it
and so long oh my gosh I can't remember
the last time are you gonna have to pull
oh I remember we came here I know but we
filmed that one video the single girl
probs over there with Ashley but we only
got chips with an E maybe with mom and
oh no I think with niki and gabi and
they have the best dressing like
vinaigrette uncle
what up guys so Ashley and I are
currently having an editing party right
now I'm editing this big video again
it's layup Monday go check it or be
excited to check it out we are watching
Walking Dead while we were watching all
your watching while we're editing I'm
usually so proud of me I just edited
this week's video and all this vlog
right now so I'm so excited feel like
nothing else is really gonna happen
tonight so I just wanted to end this
vlog say goodnight and Happy Easter
anyways I love you guys and I'll see you
guys there bye
