morning guys I slept so bad it's like
not even funny
I'm currently at me as if you could not
recognize see then those are even off my
blog game so much lately I feel like I
was driving all days it was not fun
and then the times that I was like ready
to vlog I left my camera in LA and then
I went home and I was like oh my gosh
don't have my camera and then I left my
charger in Texas but luckily Mia gave me
a battery I wanna get up what is life Oh
looking up the examiner now
oh good morning buddy go dog I can't I
can oh my god gosh stop I can't I cannot
right now oh my gosh burning me Oh make
them is done and it's a little bit later
so sorry about that today is the
exciting day because I'm actually headed
to the hair salon in a little bit and
we're going to make my hair less orange
excited about but we're a little early
so at me and I are gonna go to Alfred I
think take some pictures get some coffee
have like um a cool of a bestfriend day
I don't know but yeah so that's exciting
and then later Ashley in Kat and I
hopefully Mia are gonna go and get
dinner and hang out later tonight so
that's exciting all set oh my gosh II
would have to see this well if you
follow me on snapchat you probably
already know time talking about look
what Mia got me oh my gosh so excited I
love this this is so cute and the best
part
the French is very simple they're not
but we made them friendship one we're
matching yeah how cute I'm obsessed you
guys know like this meet me yeah oh my
gosh I love this love is so much where'd
you get it
eBay eBay if you're wondering I'm sure
Amazon has a - okay yeah anyway
basically wearing um a very similar to
yesterday because I had some shorts but
TMI really need a shave so I figured it
was just read bad thing yeah I
all natural don't judge me I know you do
it to who's behind no wheantr time okay
anyways I'm gonna grab my stuff
hey what up guys so we are currently on
Melrose and we are going to get some
coffee at alfred's just took some
pictures of memes and she looks gorgeous
always have liked wanna thirty twenty
minutes
come on Harry pointment it's like
literally right there so that's pretty
cool we're gonna get a lot a picture
hung couple of days let's do it
this place is so cute seriously love it
gonna try to get a picture alright
boom cases getting some lunch I'm
getting my grapefruit juice because it's
heaven and then
egg sandwich yeah
mix it up maybe
oh here we go
got my coffee I'm so ready I look crazy
I actually said great here now oh my
gosh you guys my hair it looks so much
better so much better than it did I am
obsessed I love it
this lighting is kind of funky let's see
if I skip four into sorry smells what
makes it worse Musk
I love it I was at the salon for three
hours so it's now 421 currently on my
way to Mia's yeah we're in some traffic
Lots cool but yeah I just want to update
you guys with my hair and stuff
hopefully the road is not too bumpy no
need to let me know if it is because
already now seriously looks so much
better like I feel like I'm an actual
blonde now the first time knowing I
needed to come back again I don't know
like I feel like I can call myself apply
don't know but then it makes no sense
whatsoever
give me to let it go need to let it go
literally obsessed with the song right
now oh my gosh
oh my gosh so what up back in Mia
obviously can did we just have a photo
shoot guys we literally hasn't bee
cutest photo shoot for Ken right now oh
my gosh you have to picture there so so
so so cute memes oh you guys look like a
seal or something oh no a llama llama
you famous Kim
you're gonna make it Meimei here's what
the calm music on me hey guys so
obviously you come here with everyone we
are I Center Mia connect compos
yesterday we're currently in Glendale at
Katsuya Americana and so excited
prestigio has no food and I feel like a
puppy too obviously but it does nothing
and your hair looks so good kick ass
here we switch the shades of gray Ram
bhai go hero sweet
nice meeting you through the glass I
feel like I'm like
yeah we got some new shoes I got a
double tuna roll tcats over here you got
to take a picture of your food it's like
did you ever even get your food you eat
your food if you don't take a picture
nah problem so major fail we went to
press two three and because it was like
so late they were out of every single
flavor basically think and NES officers
will but we do get some juice just do
the ginger oh I'm saying goodbye well
okay so I have to be out here tomorrow
like super super early so I was thinking
wait I should just like I should just
like today one more night at Mia's so
cool so I'm gonna head over there every
gonna miss U's pacifically specifically
me because I'm home alone again we go to
Disneyland soon tomorrow tomorrow
alright I'm getting dinner with Liesl
hey guys so I'm back at Mia's now and I
think I like just saw sleep for like two
seconds so I'm gonna say goodbye kiss
bug hope that you liked it and I'll see
you really soon with another vlog and
bye Wow and my hair is weird
of course hi
