hey guys today's my birthday
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh I feel like you like I don't know I
just burnt these are so exciting for me
like not even about like I don't know I
just will have the idea of birthdays
like they're so fun so exciting and it's
just an excuse to like spoil yourself
and yeah I don't know what honestly I
don't really have too much planned for
today like we're not doing any huge like
party or anything fun fact about me I
really kind of don't like parties like I
don't like that much attention on me I
feel like you're like obligated to like
look really happy and like meet
everyone's expectations of how you're
supposed to act I've never been a huge
like party personal attitude party at
for half of my birthday I think I was
like in seventh grade maybe fifth grade
I don't know anyways I feel so spoiled
already today so John Murray brought me
some balloons and I love them already
snapped out of them and I already put
them on Instagram because um cuz yeah
and then the door knocks and there's
this guy with this like huge pink box on
there I was like uh okay he's like for
Alicia and I was like okay I'm guessing
it's for me right I open it and it's
this gorgeous like box of flowers it's
like a bouquet bouquet bouquet whatever
but it's like in a box and I've never
had flowers like this and I'm just like
mind blown and I absolutely love it this
is so embarrassing but it honestly took
me a long time to realize that there was
an a there it is so gorgeous and this
was from maker so thank you maker and if
you're watching this or anyone from the
platform because you guys are amazing
and you make me feel so loved and then
on top of it I woke up early this
morning for whatever reason like wide
awake at 7:30 I like to check my phone
and it's actually blown up from you guys
like I have so many messages tweets
instagrams DMS like everything good if
you possibly imagine so thank you so so
much I feel like I can't say it enough I
don't know I I love you guys I feel like
we've gotten so close I haven't even met
all of you guys but you know what I mean
I feel like lately a family bond has
been extra bonded and um yeah I love you
guys okay I'm rambling so here's my I
guess birthday out for the day I just
kind of like
this on but um but yeah right my jean
jacket bralla is from victoria secret a
crops like white tank top i black pants
from Abercrombie and then my brown
sandals from Topshop this is actually
extremely similar to what I wore the
other day in San Diego which was the
last vlog that you saw because yesterday
I just play bailed at vlogging miserably
I'm so sorry Ashley did vlog the
premiere so definitely go see that add
me on snapchat if you have it because I
like vlog or I snapped out of the whole
thing but I will insert a couple
pictures right here I will enter a
couple pictures right here so you guys
can see um what the red carpet was like
for the jungle book it's a really good
movie you guys should definitely go see
it
yeah
but yes speaking of spoiling myself I
think I'm going to go to Starbucks and
get a venti I getting so vanilla latte
because I haven't had a venti or a latte
and forever from there and it's my
birthday and I don't care i'ma go for it
and yeah
tonight my parents are coming over and
the family is going to go to dinner I
think we're going to Benihana which is
like a bomb japanese-like style
restaurant where they cook in front of
you is so so good you guys have to try
it if you have not is BOM and a little
hungry so I think I'm gonna have some of
my leftover veggie girl from last night
Ashton I got this after the premiere
last night we were still hungry but we
got full super quick I don't know why so
um I met you did I hi can I have a venti
iced skinny soy vanilla latte yeah and
can I put caramel in the cup
can I also pay for the car behind me
elevation I think right yeah do you
think your foot oh yeah yeah
no okay I think I do too
okay okay so um update okay so first of
all that are you slashing so that's not
a clip make sure um that's okay so I
went through the drive-thru for like the
first time and ever
I remember that I always wanted to pay
for the car behind me in a drive-thru so
I'm in the drive-thru and guess what
there's no cars behind me and I was like
ding but luckily like it was kind of
taking a little while and then I saw a
car pull up behind me says like sweets
paying it forward happy birthday to them
from me
got a starved and low key had them write
happy birthday on it because why not how
I thought it was for someone else I'm
like no this is for me oh my gosh seven
I got far most in the cloud passed by
Berkman
I've it hasn't so long oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh
happy time so it's kind of a lot later I
am so sorry it is currently on the 622
I'm 21 p.m. mom and dad came over he's
done hey mom ran into the restaurant cuz
we are now at Benihana good haha it
kinda is a birthday tradition we're here
let's go here we are I'm coming
right
Oh
you
Oh
thank you hey guys so um I am so sorry
that this vlog is like all over the
place I was like debating I don't know
okay so obviously today is the next day
my birthday was yesterday I was really
not happy with the footage that I got
for my birthday and I think the reason
why I was holding back from vlogging so
much was because I really like did not
want to come across as like I'm bragging
it anyway oh like people love me they
send me like flowers and you know here
are all the gifts that like everyone
gave me for my birthday and I don't know
I feel like I think that's kind of like
like if I ever hold back when I'm
logging I feel like the vlog usually
like turns out horrible and that's
definitely like what I was doing
yesterday now that I think about it like
now that it's the next day I realized
that I was doing that I am completely
aware that a lot of people do not even
get anything on their birthday like I
had a Great Dane it was amazing but I
just didn't want to like put it in
people's faces and stuff so then and I
was like hey I don't even think I'm
gonna upload the footage that I did get
because it's like basically nothing and
then this morning I woke up to so many
tweets that like melted my heart and
everyone was like saying how they're so
excited to see my birthday vlog and
wondering when it'll be up it was just
like great now I'm letting you down like
I thought like I wasn't letting a day
off like I am letting you down for like
not having a vlog I made me want to
still vlog even though it's like not
much of a vlog but I figured I can show
you guys like do like a birthday haul or
like what I got for my birthday so I
realize like if you guys are following
my blog channel like I feel like my vlog
viewers are like my diehard supporters
so like you guys don't care about that
stuff I also know my defect I'm wearing
absolutely no makeup I mean I love you
guys but I don't feel like I need to
like get ready we're on that we're on
that basis you know you know okay I
think this is everything sorry
I hope don't gets offended if it didn't
show something don't think I'm bragging
cuz I'm not I just wanted to make up for
the fact that I didn't vlog at all
yesterday also I'm gonna like insert
pictures here but my parents got me
California doughnuts it's a happy
birthday Lita
I was obsessed with I was completely
surprised by because my parents don't
really go to LA a lot the fact that they
went all the way out there to pick up
doughnuts for me and made me so happy
the Nikki's hit me cookies were so cute
I think did I won't I totally can't
remember ever is this toad which is from
West Elm and baggage like one of these
like huge shopper tote this was from
YouTube actually they sent it to me I'm
happy birthday present which was so cute
and often they initialed it with an A so
I thought that was adorable and I feel
like I can totally use this when I like
go to Starbucks I can throw my laptop in
there and like everything so thank you
oh my gosh next Ashley got me this and I
was also really surprised but I am
obsessed with it these are globs in
Japan then you would know that Ashley
was really excited to get a specific
backpack you got me a mini version of
those backpacks I don't know how to say
it I'm Finn Raven they're like it's like
a Swedish brand they're like really
trendy right now I see them everywhere
there and Brandi they're in Nordstrom
they're like everywhere pink and it's so
me and I'm just I think you guys know I
have a backpack upset obsession and
Ashley also got me this wallet fun pack
I actually don't really have a wallet
I've been wanting a mini version like
this for a long time because my purses
are different sizes so it's so annoying
to have to like switch Wallace every
time I switch person it looks like this
it's just like bubblegum bright pink
which is very mean also um and I I love
it so thank you ask you guys on my last
vlog when we went bike riding like as a
family and stuff that was like part of
my present for my parents which I'm
obsessed with I think we're gonna go
again next week because it's become like
a thing that I like freakin loved oh my
gosh but then they know how much I like
love decorating our apartment and my
room and stuff I've actually wanted this
alarm clock where I can't tell you how
long but it was out of stock on West Elm
so I guess it came back in stock and
they got it for me so I was also so a
shock to see this I haven't mentioned it
in months but like they remembered four
months ago that I really wanted that I
freaking love it they also got me this
bracelet which is so so pretty has like
double chains and stuff and um and
Indian looks like scent and I love it
then the last present was a room at the
Disney California resort there's a hotel
like in California Adventure at
Disneyland that I've never been to I've
never like stayed there anything so we
haven't hiked there which I'm
so excited I'm pretty sure it's gonna be
me Taryn Ashley and Mia and we gotta
have some Disney days which I'm so
excited for oh I also got I'm gonna do
this there's like a little bookend we
have our dachshund at home at my parents
house we have our like dachshund so it's
like dachshund bookends i'ma show you
it's so cute is this literally not be
cutest thing you've ever seen
oh my gosh I freaking love it so cute so
I feel like it just kind of completes
this little area right here I love it so
yeah is a mini birthday haul for you
guys if you want to college that but
yeah again I am sorry for the failure of
a failure of a failure of a blog if
Drake love what you doing babe
