we need more than corpse and wishes for
us to make it through the
right stormy weather where we I hope to
make it through the night
father's night is over oh my god you
good morning guys today is Saturday and
Ashley and I just met up with my parents
beer currently in Dana Point out in
Orange County and spontaneous we decided
to rent some bikes and his go bike
riding for a bit and we're at this red
this place it has like the cutest coffee
shop like ever it's all like hipster and
whatnot oh my god
so cute hey we got a bike this one is
mine
this one dad ash was yours coming and
this one's mom's family biking trip guys
and Khloe has a basket on Ashley roomie
currently right now looking real cute my
helmet thank you first guys thank you
first yeah I like it look at Khloe I
can't look out point number one this is
so pretty
guys I'm loaded having so much fun I
look ridiculous so I feel like I don't
know okay so see this being like a hobby
I really like eventually what school
they're helping yeah well hey I mean I
wear my hat underneath I was like I
don't care yay gorgeous this is why I
love Orange County way better than LA hi
babes are we doing good she has her seat
belt so she's all latched in in case you
guys are curious about her safety now
we're at the second lookout point we're
at
so pretty so windy Wow there you go oh
my gosh you guys that was so much fun I
didn't really blog too much because I
mean when it's kind of hard to polar I
wish I had like a GoPro melt
yeah that would I wish I had my GoPro in
Phoenix - good morning guys what is up I
think this is part two of his long I
have been doing today blogs lately I'm
so sorry I don't get the first day up
before I start the second vlog did to me
I just like Michael combined and take it
longer so now you guys with like blogs
blogs I don't know anyways an exciting
day as you can tell we are in the car on
our way to San Diego for the day adios
Ron polo
I'm with Jean Marie and Ashley I feel
like we are like the squad of like trips
you know are we just like day trips are
cang-du it's super exciting I'm going to
start my makeup right now but I figured
I would start seeing the vlog person I'm
so excited and take some pictures we're
gonna eat some lunch we're gonna we're
gonna go somewhere to go so we're going
to do some shopping also I'm going to
went to M de baisemeaux Ninh but iced
cutie and it's
road-tripping it up we have like what
are half
make it is done we are here we're going
to get some brunch right now and I'm so
excited for currently in San Diego at
Mission Beach and um Angie has went to a
fetus before I get out of the car so now
we're going to get out of the car
yeah so you're at all its cafes
breakfast and lunch served oh I'm
excited
what are you gonna get I don't know
there's so much almost really got out
Consuela can you please wait here to
order then
got a little fruit thing which is so
cute I really like the table color blue
you know you know like beachy oh my gosh
I'm so excited we have a cripple we have
a spinach avocado egg white omelette
Ashley got something similar Jimmy would
you get cheese quesadilla heck yeah I
want to have a hot sauce that would be
really good I think like one ish about
right now what 1:30 already oh my gosh
anyway dinner our dinner I got all over
the place
breakfast was really good at brunch
lunch it was really good now we're just
walking around at the area and it's so
cute we walked on the boardwalk
now we're circling back up yes although
you guys don't care cuz you don't know
what this way means but over here is
like a little Harbor was like a bunch of
boats and stuff in that way and we just
be chillin yo hello downtown San Diego
Sun the Yongle look at a photographer I
love it here so much legit wish I'd
lived here if it wasn't super for
everything
okay so when we were eating breakfast we
left and I literally like screams like
oh my gosh naturally trouble you're like
what what happened was like I left my
coffee as the plays and I'm living so
here's a Chloe there's a we
drove down to downtown we're just
chillin I think we're gonna go to a cafe
right now I may get coffee because I
didn't get coffee and um yeah these are
act extraordinary desserts it's just
like
super cute place we've been here before
we love it oh my gosh did I thank you
did
like it has been like
so pretty there's like gold flakes on
everything
here one other time it was like what
four years ago or something like that
mean absolutely here thank you
last time I think I got that cane it was
pretty good I think I want to get this
this looks really good we just got
subpoenaed and everything
even they're like really good
I'm gonna get vanilla else like the use
instead pink hot chocolate I thought on
Yelp when the picture day so pretty
I'm not gonna get really cute okay so we
ordered like an apple pie thing that's
what we ended up decided it ended up
deciding that so we ended up getting I
literally spawned a bite okay so it's
like an open-faced apple pie and there's
like roses on it oh my god oh it's so
pretty here
yeah
Oh Sun bright okay so now you're headed
to the mall because if you guys remember
from I think my last vlog I told you
that Aston I are going to the jungle
book premiere and that is tomorrow night
we don't know where where the we're
gonna go shopping and hopefully we will
find outfits like we'll buy something
today buy anything t-shirt like a big
dress t-shirt plus Q I've got nothing I
never find anything I really got was
ever fed anything
option one repeals tuckworth yep
no maybe so I put the warm I like how
it's different I would do the nude pumps
to nude I think you better not have any
black oh you mean the nude with us the
only thing is this tops a little big
hey guys update time so we're just in
baby totally feelin outfit for tomorrow
so excited experience and Brendon
Brendon Rinna's Brenda Brenda oh my gosh
wait Rita and I just your hiss - Brenna
yeah anything hi Riley Lonnie my friend
says she loves you by the way oh my gosh
hi in life I knew I saw you walk in and
up and she was like oh my god oh I love
you thank you joy joy nice keep you joy
so we're currently in the foyer here at
bad cannabis rush also I will say it
seems like we eat the whole time but
like what four hours have gone by but
I'm a create - this is a lot like
they're moving and we are at this like
group off oh hey WI with you names here
and like this one
okay so you're at George's on the doors
George's what do we want that if people
are in excess totally moved right now
I'm going to go sit over there so I can
show you don't mind me
we have pretty
with the sunset what's really gorgeous
let's go my gorgeous okay guys so I
cocked a salmon and it looks so so did
John Murray and asked you got these
steaks out mom I will still sell by that
letting you know ahead of time update on
the Sun it's covered by clouds so that
stocks look unstable cliffs Steve well
we're rebels unstable close Stephen the
second side I'm guessing through
unstable silk perdido that's a time so
dinner was amazing and we are now at our
little secret spot if any of you
remember like a year ago me Ashley and
Perrin came to this exact spot found it
like randomly and now it's like our spot
- Latoya it's like really pretty it's
like on these cliffs and you just gonna
see the ocean and the water it's getting
kind of dark right now not gonna lie
