good morning world oh my gosh today's
been such productive morning I'm loving
it it is currently 11:59 p.m. so it's
basically noon but today with the
daylight savings change so we lost an
hour so it's really like 11 but that's
okay gossip coffee of course you know
been productive
there better be coffee involved or
better be there will be coffee involved
I edited it yesterday's vlog put it up
upload it up totally excited in my main
channel thumbnail and I finished pretty
sure I finish editing the whole video
that's going up today we're not
uploading til 2 so I'm gonna wait to
export it till a little later just in
case I want to do any like changes to it
also I don't know if you can see this
but the couch people came this morning
and delivered our new couch Peter toxeus
honk no do you love it babe oh yay oh
wait oh how cute
Oh to be a girl she's so spoiled but no
I'm G time we are filming for Ashley and
we're having fun you getting some clips
she's only a night routine Italian mom
deals let's go go let's go hi everybody
hi captain we can't eat oh my brother
wedding is the logline also we're just
be uploading I think in like 30 minutes
I think that's what everyone let me see
are we still still good for p.m. time
you guys today's video like I'm actually
good all from my coffee I heated it up
and I forgot about it now I have to eat
it operation I have homework to do
tonight please um
yeah so it's currently what - not even 2
p.m. and we're trying to make it look
like it's nighttime even though it's
clearly really bright outside
we want a night routine that happens up
to a 2 p.m. this inden it is what is it
light how long has it been that way
actually I'm having Disney withdrawals
can we please go blah camera takeover
with Ashley because Elise has been gone
for two weeks and you haven't seen me do
you actually visit there are people
commenting who are like Oh a Miss Ashley
and parent take over Oh Alicia was
amazing and just helped me film a video
in like an hour when if it was just me
when if it was just me it would have
taken me like a day realistically it
would have taken me like a day um so
that was smooth and now we're gonna take
a picture for her for her Instagram
because that's the week dear new video
is up you guys were wait just watch the
intro watch that Joe yeah we sure she
can be very awkward I mean hi and this
is one of those great
Nicholas laughs oh good so funny I'm
obsessed with this video I love it oh my
gosh go watch it go what ticket Walter
50 times so we are currently on our way
to go see Karen and I think some other
people I'm not sure who we're gonna go
to help on tonight it's an amazing trip
down LA if you're in the area oh my gosh
these dogs are like fighting right now
hmm
anyways quick OOTD jacket is forever 21
necklaces forever 21 shirt is TreePeople
sports bra is Calvin Klein at leather
pants are Free People and the shoes are
from Steve Edden smile fit I felt daring
in leather pants I've had them for so
long but I've just never worn them they
look really good go into the faith blue
yodel booth gosh that looks so good
but I'm against Iran a salad or protein
puffs so I got the zesty chicken and pot
being for salad bowl - got a protein box
what what Dino Dino Dino Dino I don't
get it
oh my gosh oh hi what we get what begins
here
venti actually come along yeah you know
what I've been doing lately
I believe my vanilla but just putting
caramel in the cut they put a lot of
this time but it's so good I'm gonna
text oh good good morning guys it is the
next day and the batter splashing so I
should probably find the other one much
better anyways today we filmed what do
we do yes she was such a productive day
she I feel like I'm behind but I'm
really not gonna come and we already
filmed an intro for this week's video
I'm really excited for it I just hope we
get it done in time because I actually
leave for Texas on Friday for beautycon
so we kind of lose a day there and then
Ashley is coolest week anyways it's
currently 12:03 p.m. we are on a witch
Fashion Island for an exciting reason
I'm so excited oh my gosh
oh I look up to three million
subscribers i chi just hit two million
and I said the thought of like I'm nuts
like I can't I actually can one of the
years so so so so much I can't actually
kill right now and this channel hit nine
hundred thousand subscribers I'm like
literally mind blow actually mine but I
can't I can't there are new porridge
right now and we are going to pick up
some cupcakes that we ordered this
morning when I woke up and saw that I
hit a three million I was like oh god I
want to get cute Instagram which we do
last time for two million
I had balloons like a - mm so this time
we thought is sprinkle cupcakes
good snap oh no oh my gosh so cute oh my
gosh it's so cute yay oh my god mom so
we get home from sprinkles right now and
look what my parents did they are
literally the cutest in the sweetest
ever they're so sweet for doing this oh
my gosh I come home and this is here
balloons that say three million and oh
my god but I live in feel like I'm
having a party or now we have balloons
we have some cupcakes Brooke he loves
the new couch oh my gosh oh my gosh now
I have to get ready so I can take a cute
picture with that so cute now I know I
Ashley was like oh you don't want
balloon cuz I thought about getting
balloon you like no you're already
getting some oh my god you I like how
they tapes the three and em together so
they don't like separate cuz last time I
had a lot of trouble getting that
together oh my gosh ah and it matches my
cupcake I literally did more for three
million than my birthday oh my god shite
so I should do a picture of this and
then a separate picture of me with this
what is happening here okay
oh someone's excited it looks so pretty
case we took some in the box and now
we're gonna try taking them just
straight on the little thing mmm oh my
gosh they look so good that looks so
cute of it yeah I like it I get the
wedding like oh it looks so adorable
yay we just took some super cute
pictures of these cupcakes and I'm so
excited so excited I'm actually real
excited to eat one
Oh shall we cheers we shall cool crop
I'm on the top half hey guys thank you
so so so much for watching tastes long
I'm sorry that I ended it kind of weird
I just feel as I've told us into
yesterday yeah I will see days later and
I love you so this is so much and thank
you so much again for 3 million
subscribers and 900 thousand subscribers
on this channel I love you guys so much
and yeah ye Hwa
