good morning guys so it is currently 908
am really don't want to out of better
super exciting I just spit up
yesterday's vlog so you guys should go
watch that and if you watched it the
second I put it up then you'll note I
was literally laying in bed just like
that I was like what huh
here it is yeah if you haven't seen it
you should definitely go watch it and uh
and yes right now I'm trying so hard to
get out of bed because I really should
get ready but I'm kind of just like
vomiting right now feel like I should go
get ready probably should go get ready
but my bed is comfy well then oh my gosh
blowed up real quick so I'm right now
got open but actually got ready should
have logged it but I was in my bathroom
the whole time in the lighting in there
soaked so I'm so sorry but um autograph
my hair looks any different let me know
if you think it does or looks better
than normal or if it looks worse than
normal if you saw yesterday's vlog I
went to Target cuz I do that like all
the time and I got finally got a pair of
curlers like a curler sad low-key been
wanting one of these for like years
actually more than years like 10 years
more than Ginny I remember being in
elementary school and watching my best
friend's mom like do her hair and it was
really cool I was just seeing how they
put curlers oh don't mind me but yeah I
use them I like it whatup guys so today
is Wednesday right yes it is Wednesday
and actually I went to gym this morning
and came home it took showers my labarda
book guess where we're going you guys
like already probably guessed it so yeah
be it going to Disneyland
ah dem excited we're actually going for
like a good amount of the day it's been
a long time since we've gone for like a
majority of the day normal it's just
like couple hours at night really want
to see world of color because I've been
having this drawls so hopefully there's
still tickets available probably gonna
be a little crowded because it is spring
break for a lot of people I'm sure I'm
so excited about my ears ready outfit of
the day um Jackie it's from pink and
then I have a spinal but I'm either
gonna take it off or put it underneath
not cold yet but it is gonna be cold
later leggings workout shoes I'm just
like bumming it chillin like no need to
look all like dolled up right I'm
excited
are you excited ash oh my gosh
and show you guys his clock we ended up
hanging it right here and I think it
looks really good because it kind of
like brings it like it like brings the
living room it connects the living room
in the kitchen together I feel like I
don't know that's our we ended up
putting the clock and we liked it do you
want to go to Disneyland club I don't
think you're allowed to let's um you a
disability dog my gosh how fun would it
be to have corn and the ears just went
on which means we're here we're ready
company adventure yeah yeah we are in so
we are currently headed to the world of
color little ticket area so hopefully if
they're not sold out already we can get
some tickets to go see the show tonight
let's look at the picture
let's ferris wheel Johnny sabe she's
been on the roller coaster and it was
amazing and I think it now we're
actually going to talk to Gillian it's
kind of like today what time is it for
is four o'clock four o'clock already
magic so I just Arianna she said she
liked my blog says like well you should
be in one logging say what yes on your
magical day going good good hopes
magical and in donating you and for
cancer oh my gosh yeah thank you again
and have a best quick YouTube we are
hopping to Disneyland right now guess
which one's yours blogs take over Ashley
here it just crossed over into
Disneyland
Patti geo oh that's because everything
about this place magic did you guys see
did you guys see on the roller coaster
when her ears phone
we get this like tricking things every
time we have here actually still waiting
birds I've never noticed the street
what's your name
Natasha first of all you look like gold
you're a bukkake okay and you said you
brought boom chicka pop I can't oh my
gosh
we should have add my motto here is
don't you oh gosh it's a magically
magically hood wait didn't have a song
it so you are here it might have been
Tokyo cuz I don't think it's here so
we're clearly in on Main Street just add
a whole bunch of you guys offensive
things are saying to you ever I'm MC as
you should
yeah we don't buy it we're we going oh
here's I'm taking a break we're gonna go
see a movie but movie that we're very
like we are actually gonna go to movies
which this film stupid there's like a
movie theater here in downtown and I
always used to think who would like come
here in budget movies so much one of the
best things about having a path is you
can do that because it doesn't matter
you're not like wasting all your money
that you spent on the ticket right so
I'm so embarrassed to say we haven't
seen this movie yet I'll tell you guys a
little bit comment below if you can
guess what it is you would expect us to
see it right now y'all
coming back for you think of this and
you guess what we're seeing yet it's
been recently acquired out to Disney
movie Disney franchise sake of it away
let's do it good lots of stars number
war middle of the war four stars
it says a forceful any guys with known
star wars I'm not my parents have seen
this and I haven't seen this but we're
gonna we're gonna go see that right now
I also don't really wanted to see the
Batman Superman mini if you guys
attended can you let me know if it's
worth seeing or not yeah I guess we
should get in line I don't think we can
hear you already did it outfit of the
day Oh
talk about your Pooh Bear this was from
doesn't okay if you guys remember you
can't get them as little compartment
where I keep my past
and my path is very handy
we're in line for the movie y'all fun
fact I've never been at this theater got
the goods
doctor pop cool so yeah I only get know
how it is after business okay so we just
not have been meeting with oh so good
I'm like I'm not it took us this long
advance us a time so we decided to go
home we're getting tired but also it was
freezing so I didn't know how long I can
deal with the cold and then we also
thought about Chloe she's been home a
while so we should probably go like let
her out look no we missing oh my gosh
but you guys bb-8 oh I cry so my thumb
thing I own my own little droid now
we're gonna get home so let's do that
we're resisting the urge to go get in
and out - oh good but we should eat
healthy right right
so she after having candy see this going
on
