mom good morning guys and welcome to
vlogmas day 25 it is Christmas today it
is Christmas morning and I'm a little
hot in this onesie though mm-hmm she is
a heat on no just me okay we got some
coffee
courtesy of my dad thanks dude so good
the family's here dogs are here nikto be
my co Club pull money
Merry Christmas khlo are you excited to
open your presents hi you look so
handsome we have a fake fireplace that's
gonna be above the real fireplace we
have the tree which I still never put no
ribbon and a star on it my bad no star
may have our presents
I'm so excited we've never had like a
Christmas morning Christmas we always
open presents on Christmas Eve and this
and this is the first Christmas in the
house
Christmas boomerang they aren't the fire
yes
how's that cute that's cute that's cute
wait which one should here we go Oh
Merry Christmas a little bird
yeah yes oh it looks good
you guys mad Yahoo it's Christmas oh my
god knows excited for your gifts club
are you excited for your gift oh I
actually both have to open this together
this is actually from you I thought you
were coming I know last year I will have
this your mom beautiful the right kind I
love this return it's returnable no I
need to go but I want to put it I love
my ring I love my Mia Christmas Club
okay dad I have something for you
actually this one's for you oh my god
fancy shoes I've ever had you never
splurge on yourself
Wow I just really need it like really
mean it
oh we got presents for the dog they're
not ready so are you excited are you
excited claw okay everyone sit
Santa brought you guys some gifts are we
ready to open them okay ready
Theodore you got a tennis thrower you
got a tennis ball thrower do you love it
do you love it mommy look at he's
sitting here and then and then Toby
rookie bug this is from mom and dad it's
a brush next Toby this is for you it's a
rough wear toy
vo o Shea good boy
that's for you bye what treats and any
fallout oh my god
whoa you got you've got a leash and
collar bass and that's for the tea bag
few more gifts for Chloe you guys so we
just finished opening presents it was so
special
honestly like we had a really great time
quickly gonna film what I got for
Christmas haul yeah it's so weird we
changed our tradition what we didn't
change it I feel like we'll probably go
back to do it I'm not sure what we're
gonna do next year the only reason why
we ended up changing it this year was
because Christmas Eve fell on a Sunday
and actually always drums every single
Sunday so it just made more sense for us
to do and do it this morning quickly
gonna film and then hope I can get that
video up ASAP because I want to enjoy
the day and not feel like I'm just
working all day so I'm just gonna
quickly put it up already put up today
the blog misto holla I edited it so I
can enjoy today let's see we just film
it actually my really quick I keep
feeling like I was forgetting something
I was like am i I mean there was a few
things I left out but but the vlog
viewers get the whole effect you guys
saw it off you saw us opening more fun
stuff I don't know I just like I don't
want to put every every single thing
because like it's kind of know we need a
thumbnail and maybe a little B role we
should do that we're done and that was
actually pretty dang quick I put so much
effort into getting this thumbnail so I
figured I should vlog so you guys could
appreciate let me take me so long but we
did it it's done that's amazing I want
to wear my new slippers even though I
have socks on yeah oh my god Oh morning
breakfast
Christmas happy birthday on oh my god
wait where do I sit
bolas oh I love oj oh yeah so update
time it is 10:50 a.m. I'm gonna be here
editing hopefully I can get this video
dog so quits watching the fireplace here
we go wish me luck guys so we just
decorate for Ashlee's birthday
oh okay she's coming she's coming
the confetti yeah Oh Loki a very hot in
this onesie right now whoa I'm so
excited for you to open your present
like I'm more excited for you to open
these presents and your Christmas
presents Paddington is Toby are you so
excited so cute I love you hi boys hi
boys
yay ash happy birthday this is my
present
thanks yeah she loves it
she spent way too much well she says her
birthday and Christmas well that's what
I said but she still went way too bad
we're gonna have some cake right now and
I'm really I saw I'm literally Boneta
holidays that's why I have my head I
should see oh my god you guys it is
finally up yeah I feel like I actually
edited it pretty fast like overall like
overall hey ash come here come here
thank you there perfect
they're perfect video is up I'm so
excite you honestly you guys are leaving
such amazing comments like I'm having so
much fun but reading them and applying
to them right now guys this is the last
vlogmas vlog right now but I know I've
seen all your comments a lot of you guys
are freaking out when I mentioned that
the other never was like wait you said
you were vlogging off December like what
happened I thought you were gonna keep
doing it don't worry I am gonna keep
vlogging until January first December's
very first but I'm not gonna count that
as vlogmas like it's not gonna have the
vlogmas
and so you didn't know it but today when
you watch this vlog that was the left I
know it's so sad but I am still gonna
daily vlog until December 31st
honestly today we don't have too much
plan we're gonna go to a birthday dinner
with Ashley or for Ashley um what do we
want to do till then we have like three
hours I need to get ready oh wait oh my
god I'm wearing makeup I literally
forgot I was wearing makeup I don't need
to get ready wow that's awesome what
should we do do you wanna like go
somewhere exciting no any of you guys
have ideas for next year's vlogmas intro
who knows I might use yours leave them
in the common date time what is up you
guys so it is a lot later it is
currently 1121 p.m. and i look real cute
i should have looked a lot cuter for
ending all of this but I am gonna go to
bed we went to dinner for Ashley's
birthday dinner and it was really nice I
am going to end the last day of vlogmas
shout out to you if you've watched every
single vlog and was able to keep up with
it all because you're amazing yeah
anyways I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow with new book bye
my parents came to visit got her one
she Loki's doing Christmas shopping for
me right now so she said I couldn't go
into urban with her but you sad that
someone people are gonna think I'm
leaving right now and I'm really not
wait wait oh here we go
this makes me so happy please be done
please
