oh hai ki venti iced skinny soy vanilla
latte now water huh
yeah all right sweetheart ninety five
thousand okay thank you good morning
guys
so currently my car obviously I'm
getting some Starbucks obviously
speaking up I think I need to reload my
card
on my phone cuz I don't know no I
haven't if my home left anyways today
and Wednesday March 9th I cannot believe
it's already March so crazy birthday's
next month too just uploaded in my last
vlog it was a two-day blog I'm so sorry
I feel like I personally don't like two
days logs so I think I feel like I think
everyone doesn't like them but I know
there's a lot of people s do you like
them hard for me to edit a micelle like
it's like all over the place and I don't
know so it's up shopping at the Grove
that's huge hall in boxing yeah I love
reading comments from you guys I know I
don't reply to all my comments my blogs
but literally I see all of them like I
look at all of them I wish I could pie
everyone I try to I fail miserably most
the time game yeah that makes me so
happy but we're moving good thank you
thank you so hot out it is I was like
I'm dying I don't even know why wearing
this oh my gosh ready my apartment was
freezing so I like got all bundled up
and I come out I'm wearing Uggs when I
come out here like oh my gosh I'm dying
yeah what do you think crazy I don't
like it I love a good day
she was so nice oh my gosh you guys I
splurged
I got caramel in the cop I should not
have done that extra sugar I don't care
oh my gosh BOM oh my gosh I was so good
rody serve them guys I literally just
remembered about me wanting to do the
Starbucks pay-it-forward thing every
time I'm in the drive-through and this
was the second time when I was in the
drive-through after I said I was going
to do that and I totally failed and
forgot to do this which makes me sad
sorry this club is probably so balanced
and okay bye
get up daytime I'm not Nia's and I'm
going to get ready because haven't done
I make a good day and yeah so you
thought you can talk
I mean noticed that I haven't been able
talk like ever lately and I got some
stuff I want to see me help you guys and
then I'm going to try them out and see
how we like it
since weird you can't see me this is
really weird why do I do is I'm just
gonna kinda couple things the first
thing this was actually free because I
got um I had like points with Sephora so
it's the dramatically different
moisturizing lotion love this
moisturizer and it's like a little mini
long I thought was so keep it got that
and then I got this NARS blush in
impassioned and fun fact I haven't seen
this maybe a couple weeks ago at my
Sephora but they were sold out and then
I went to another support and they were
sold out again so this was my first time
seeing it when it was actually in stock
and it gorgeous oh is that not gorgeous
I am so excited to use it so excited oh
my gosh so pretty so I got that and then
I've been using this like so my keys and
stuff in it whatever and then I got the
Kat Von D liquid liner coz I've heard
this is the best liquid liner ever I
wanted to try it out so I got that in
black and then I lasted at least I got
the prime time primer from bare minerals
and medium I've had this before if you
guys remember and I was obsessed with it
so I kind of forgot about it so I got a
new one because I totally use my other
one up like no other so yeah there's
many goodies yeah Nick was done but I'm
so good so John Mac I can't
did you just wanna look at my instrument
mister so I'll fit at the deck let's do
it I was so comfy I did not want to like
get all dressed up I literally was like
fetus it was really hot so I was kind of
dying in my ugh lucky anyways how does
from Earvin tapas
Marvin mmm I didn't like the black
screen no thinking about it I should end
Twitter that one better cardigan is from
urban oh this is not good
and look what we got you guys should
know me right now oh oh my gosh I'm so
excited I haven't had lunch it's like
the next today we can I deal americano
at the mall and I don't
Mia and Gabi are gonna meet up with us
in a little bit and and in yellow
blending in so cheerful we're back at
Glendale I love this place so much
so supposed to have so much meat and
free people looking around this were so
cute I always love like the store
displays Jung Joo
that's super cute there mazia me a
little okay so we are at dinner we were
at cassia and I'm so excited
Shira now I feel like I've had to chew
so much lately and in me and I am
literally talked about going chairman
this is our friendship and a blog flip
hanging hey guys great talk
so are you babe
you're good comment below let me know
how you are I would love to know you I
would love to how you are right now
leave a comment
sometimes they come to my restaurant and
I still feel like I'm like five-year-old
kids that they look at like cableman
a hand roll but much sushi I can't right
now my heart is so happy I don't know I
have my new BFF here introduce yourself
I'm Erica H on this glorious go follow
her go follow her
hey good is it hot where we for desert
me yeah I'm dumb and I'm getting juice
cuz I love ya
oh hey guys so I was just editing this
vlog and realized I forgot to end my
walk last night so I'm gonna enter right
now and then after this I'm gonna start
vlogging for today anyways definitely
liked it and I'll see you guys later bye
e what
