good morning guys so I'm currently
driving chillin out a red light so I
figured I would update my blog today
it's Saturday and I'm headed out to to
go to Nikki Gabby's apartment lil not
their apartment there likes just staying
there obviously they haven't like move
time and we're gonna film the collab
today so I'm so excited I'm actually
extremely excited for this video for a
different reason and you guys will be
too once you figure that reason out you
don't even know like I'm so excited but
yeah with that let's go and I'm guys
like today's vlog
what I haven't looked at all
hey uh ah we're here we are filming I'm
so excited after this video and I
absolutely like so different artists is
just casually chilling yes there's so
much fun like I'm having a lot of fun
with this video I'm excited I thank you
I think you're really cool oh my god you
guys will watch it wait wait wait so
sorry I'm gonna fail your auger to that
blog blogger today yeah I'm at things
are kind of crazy as it gets
no on collab days cuz I was trying to
get shots done there you know that's
okay
everybody's like it just do this we have
like a lot of chefs use the pool I do I
have like all mine yes car but no we're
not
where are we man days be basic movie
night yeah yeah
oh so excited right now but it says I'm
Nikki thanks for my stars I'm so creepy
so we're at the basement and I got mine
getting slick no latte and I'm excited I
have had coffee and I'm black like I
used hire I'm just like all the heads
I'm excited to month hopefully get some
underwear right here come help my hello
we just saw camera it is I Smith I just
interrupted your filming it is I me a
steamer um I won't just like to say hi
um yeah they're like your watch photo
big and we don't fall in that ball in
cycle
meanwhile and then jacuzzi just keep
walking
Mary yeah yeah like you can remember to
follow you
it's on the pool head I'm breathing how
cool and we are finally done getting
shot by the pool which makes me so happy
oh my gosh okay yeah we got stuff done
and look who's here cares if his kid hi
buddy
oh oh so many people so many painful
friends casually having a unicorn and
spa life of youtubers survive like I've
no finish it Gaby
tell us a secret oh I was gonna give it
a shot but at least talked me out of it
okay that's a secret
I was like yeah really
wait we like watched videos Italy hey
Nicky how does the secret oh my god I
don't have one yeah you do everyone has
a secret I'm wearing one piece cuz I'm
bloated
oh you want another one have a seat good
bein Alisha our long-lost twin yeah
really we're triplets literally ladies
don't look like you're too hot now a
compatible you know literally for the
same same theme but damn provide
payments and prim something same as ever
what up guys so
5:55 yeah this bastard five canopy and I
are going
hungry today's been crazy Felix ball
goes all over them all over the food
that's okay I'm eating Subway
we're getting stuff like um what healthy
Oh
what do I want I want these but I'm not
going to get them
jalapenos cilantro and avocado excited
to eat here
we both basically got a oven-roasted and
chicken sandwich on wheat bread
we've just say I caught a - the line is
right in front of it a little further
my half days to come
there's one right next to targeted
program so if those already is blowing
it's mmm sir then let kids out so sorry
that these vlogs are combined again I
know some of you do not like that
I know some of you do like that but
today we're also filming at this video
so I thought it'd be good just to do
like two days of like a behind the
scenes type of thing it is like 9
something and Nikki and I are going
downstairs to get starves so we got some
goodies and I got some extra stuff for
laters day one a child here apparently
waiting for VG and it calls for everyone
out there sure - very well done
it's a pants arbitrate to get in
Alysha we have the usual
so we got a protein box of course is my
favorite I always like get this and it's
like so bomb then we got a coffee
because um this is breakfast and you're
not yesterday's I didn't notice it until
the last second what do you get at a mom
basil dish I feel like I look even more
ratchet and on top of it I woke up and
I've is it right here I own noticeable
to catch my shadow on it and I just have
some lights on the back of my bag which
I got for Christmas
handle it's mango margarita and it
smells so good and then I have animals
at 8 o'clock and I like to edit and just
relax and chill I have another
nightstand next to me yes really so hard
boys overs are actually the hardest
thing in life especially when people are
in the room like I know you're
comfortable with me but like still like
when someone else is there you're like
don't listen can I get you
hey guys so I'm first gonna just give
you and over what up so I brought like
no clothes so I'm wearing the same top
for mr. day so because don't one that
bet here make the Sun everyone wave
which film see baby car inches around it
they should be yeah I mean fellow we are
going to be going what up let's bring it
away
yeah you're in an elevator Oh Oh every
kind of in here even by myself machine
so like reverb amazing offer
Elvia two hours I'm saying cats you
ordered becky grill I'm so excited I was
starving something no you're getting me
a bite we are going to go film our NGOs
all right now okay here we go here we go
we are filming intro and man I are
struggling stuff like that so it's like
oh oh my gosh Mir literally has the
hook-up music guys we got to time it
because it's so windy I don't know if
you can hear me everyone's just chillin
yo okay so marriage is sewing four shots
right now and it's going so funny
quickly the bombs fell like I kill this
kid or are you I can't
oh hi Ken Ken what is this they don't
see this often in my book for others me
and I came to the grocery store because
I'm SHINee's some groceries I was like
yeah I'll calm Jesus Alex Karachi I'm
wearing leggings I bet I have the worst
underwear lines right now let's face it
either I didn't notice yours till now
yay so we are at Earth and I have my
latte before I showed it and now it does
not look cute but it did so look at my
snapchat yeah would you order
the comments way to bully salad with the
Hamid bully on the Sun blue by boyfriend
hi friends my friends are you are you
I'm staying the night out here but could
you please drop us off yeah we just
nobody for you to buddies with me baby
oh we love fighting for me buddy better
fatty together no oh my god you are
leaving earth right now we went I don't
know if I said this I told forget we
went to church
Hillsong which is like fun and then we
all went into earth afterwards this is
Han I'm gonna put some friends and now
Karen is dropped here and Ashley and
these are gonna drop at Nick and I are
at our place well okay so I'm about to
edit my blog for the creepy learner but
I spun to end this vlog right now I'm
actually going to take a shower right
now and finish editing this vlog for you
guys yeah I love you so so so much and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye then let's not focus but
whatever bye
