hey guys so I was up to like two or
something and then I had a good pup Ivan
or something you know when you get like
no sleeping you feel nauseous that's how
I feel right now that's okay
also have my retainers in if you're
wondering that's why i stunk in
abundance currently at Friday morning
I'm ready to go to the airport while
getting ready to go to the airport
currently finishing packing everything
funny thing is this is only a three day
trip like it's such a short trip but I
wanted to bring my big suitcase because
I had like my boots take up a lot of
room since I have the room I was like
well I might as well fill it because
it's gonna be filled so it's literally
it looks like I'm gone for a week and
I'm literally gone for three days not
even three days I leave today Friday I
get back to Sunday really one day it's
bad never know right yeah we threw some
stuff in here got a jacket got skirts
got my PJs toiletries makeup hair curler
hair spray and over here I have a shoe
options and over here I have shoes some
casual shoes and some purses and that's
kind of everything that I'm bringing
literally three days what is my life oh
I made a list on my phone of things to
not forget to bring so I need to check
that feel like I'm ready but I'm swear
there's stuff that I probably totally
forgot about like dry shampoo I don't
think I packed directions mmm no let's
get that and we are packed which I
literally only gone three days it looks
like I'm gone for a year here's my
airplane oh oh D D very secret jacket
after existing cut from this gray tank
top that I swear - Lee don't know unless
of someone else's I don't know it's not
mine I'm wearing a sports bra leggings
every great secret and a yang Oh Elliott
how I love / hate you I love you because
it's exciting things are happening but I
absolutely hate you because there's
always traffic and you've been under
construction for literally 10 years as
long as I can remember but yes anyways
we're looking cool
I'm very calm here not to be spot to
plant seed me guy traveling vlog me is
not with me
she went to Georgia you supposed to next
me so I think I have no one sitting next
me this whole flight unless it's
overbooked and then they have to give
give it to someone on standby
cross your fingers in the ones next week
my batteries special here we go so
you're on our way
you
my battery is going to die
oh wait I'm in yeah hey guys oh my god
we are in Texas I haven't vlogged really
at all sorry but I'm currently here with
memes in her room and we are getting
ready because you're going to go there's
like a little mixer free thing pre party
thing I just go for the snack let's be
real
anyone else anyone else would you
anyways so this is the only mirror here
so this is what you guys here's my
outfit of the day I'm wearing this
jacket from Free People this top from I
pregant skirt is from Abercrombie &
Fitch and I'm wearing my thigh high
boots from Nordstrom but we went in
we'll be wearing yeah you look beautiful
hey guys good morning and welcome to at
beautycon okay hey Jase Saturday if you
did not know currently in Dallas Texas
also I'm not sure what footage I've had
up until now but yes currently in Texas
yeah getting ready to leave out the door
go to beauty con but I want to show you
guys all oh s UD first you guys ever get
what a minute me would you mind holding
the camera for me I'm in bed looking
like a potato here's Alicia I love
outfit of the day so skirts is the one
that I got from baby I found a lot of
people when I bought the two-piece thing
they're like oh my gosh this is such
like an ugly dress I don't get it I was
like put the skirt so cute so I got the
skirt and I've heard it was a white cop
top which that was really cute oh wait
so Phoebe Phoebe and then my shoes are
Jeffrey Campbell got like an ice skater
and then my necklace is shoot HRH
watchin Alex a Paris isn't it is Italy
live in New York but they're you know
sure yeah yeah do a little twirl where
can you do a little jump can you drop it
to the splits
drop it low communes come thanks bro and
we've noted names how the headache and
doesn't feel good so she's gonna try
come later what that means I have to go
by myself but that's okay hey I'll see
you on my panel hey uber is here getting
in muttering
- like playlists oh yeah
here on the floor where the green room
right now and I have a camel up right
now I suppose you guys like a little bit
like a screamer to show me get a job
there's some bombs books over there
there's a Rebbe oh so cool it is
freezing so we are going to our panel
behind the scenes lu lu coming
cute job to Maggie because I just got
your present I'm obsessed I'm going to
have this boom chicka later my mom says
and I said you put it in my blog so I'm
putting it in my blog
favorite mommy
yeah
I will
next year
we just finished our feet up it was
really really really really well yeah
what up guys no it's the next day we are
currently at the airport headed home
luckily though niki and gabi are the
same flight because they're coming back
to LA with all me young young yeah and
we're at Starbucks right now I still
like makeup on oh man
oh I'm under the side awkward that was a
fail I mean look at us were so cute guys
we did eat a scone
hello you haven't been in my blog well
today I mean I don't usually have our
hats off her makeup Lupita's
hi hi home to LA
that way
Alicia are
Ingle work work work work work
dampen Airport technique again I'm so
awkward what are you doing with I won
you look beautiful
hey guys so I went to in today's vlog
and I will see you looking
