hello guys how are you doing today is
Tuesday today's Tuesday
I'm so determined to get enough footage
in this vlog for it to be like its own
day because I swear like the last three
vlogs I've uploaded have been two day
blog really don't care for two day box
and it's been bugging me so I'm so sorry
I apologize it's currently like twelve
maybe I have no idea I'm currently gonna
head to the mall because I have nothing
to wear for beauty calm this weekend
going to Texas if you didn't know and I
need an outfit so that's what I'm gonna
do last night I was skyping nikki and we
were like sending each other links and
options like sh I wear this I read this
so I'm gonna have a mom hopefully I can
find an outfit and some shoes that's all
I'm really looking for my guess is I'm
gonna come out with everything but
addressing shoot just kidding I'm doing
I'm feeling feeling good I think I'm
gonna find something also uploaded
yesterday's vlog so go watch it go watch
it
hi babes hi babes okay so I'm ready to
go wish me luck e eyes hope they can
find something also let me know if you
guys are going to beautycon Texas this
weekend because I would love to meet you
gonna be there I have a panel and a
meet-up
but yes oh hi guys bye ash
bye guys cheese clamp I'm going to bump
up myself
minnak oh the one
okay so just crush the mom wish me luck
you guys hoping I could buy something
it's hard to vlog when you're at a mall
by yourself let me tell you like it's
really hard and I have a headache I
think it's like a caffeine headache
because I haven't I didn't have coffee
yesterday and I haven't had coffee today
I think I'm gonna get some green tea or
something that sounds good trying to cut
back a little bit on the starves I was
having it a lot
option do you like it I think you think
you think you can always wear like a
different top or different bottom with
it like mix match but I kind like how it
goes together
got some ice cream team now I come in
look okay so I haven't I mean okay I've
had look I got a dress which is awesome
now I'm kind of in shoes things going to
look at the age names maybe but I don't
know if I'll have anything because I
never buy anything there my different
dress and I got some stuff a very secret
and here we go
hopefully Jim hasn't like that's cute
okay so HM was a fail the way I've been
to so many stores in this mall I mean I
got like I got a lot of stuff out of
something find shoes as you're finding a
shoes yet really really really
I go back storm I look at those shoes I
was really wanting this random but I
really wanted like cat house is not
pretty really wanted like bright colored
shoes never any okay guys yeah I'm back
in my car back from the mall wolf my
back I'm at the mall right now but yeah
so I got some things only conceal this
um yeah I hear someone bags I accept the
fact that I shot too much like I already
accept that you don't even need to
comment it I feel like every vlog I'm
shopping oh my gosh I found the cutest
towels ever Ashley and I honestly have
been wanting like circle beach house for
the longest time and like I've seen them
a while and Ashley like recently
mentioned that she really wanted some
but going to cut non and they had some
so I got each of us one because I'm just
I was really excited I thought I'd look
really cute for videos too and just like
have like it's like a circle towel it's
so cute has like fringe at the end I
just adore I'll show you guys how in
Victoria's Secret and I got two honey's
and sports bra I did find a dress that I
think I'm gonna wear a beautycon but I
also got a crop top from there so I'm
not sure I don't know I come a like them
both so we'll see maybe I can work with
it didn't get any shoes if that's the
only thing so I think I'm gonna go home
and like trial hold a chip-in outfits
see what I like the most and then I do
have I'm gonna have shoes at home I was
just really wanting like a bright fun
pair of shoes and obviously it was so
specific not many places had anything
remotely close to it and then go home
see if I have any shoes that I like with
it and then if not I'm gonna like
overnight some from somewhere green tea
is almost gone oh my gosh I got the
cutest backpack I'm gonna show you guys
when I get home it's adorable oh my gosh
huh feel so I'm gonna be back home how
can yo are you happy are you happy then
home are you happy
oh yeah okay so I think I'm gonna get a
snack because I'm really hungry and then
we can start trying on some stuff I'll
show you guys when I bought and yeah I
do that a lot
okay so let's see what we got first let
start with Victoria's Secret this is
mine it was just in my car so it's
written there okay so I got two buddies
this one's like yellow and it's a zipper
one or the bolsa pers just gonna cuz
ping with a floral pattern on it so I
got that and then
got a blue one um and I really like it
it's just the boat really thin I think
they're perfect for right now just got
rid of some old hoodies because I like
wore them out and so we got two new
lines then I got this fourth row because
I thought it was adorable and I live for
these sports pods like I wear them all
the time so that's everything I thought
I got from that Victoria's Secret just
good I can take you guys on my headboard
and now I have like a little tripod oh
my gosh my battery died like hardcore
and I was literally in the process of
like changing and trying to figure out
an app and stuff literally like an hour
something later I already tried on
everything I'm sorry about that but good
news I'm pretty sure I know what I'm
wearing beautycon and it you know like I
worked out like maybe I want to be
surprised for you guys so you won't know
exactly where literally overnight hit
some shoes to come because I could not
find any shoes that I had that went with
it the only thing is I have two outfits
that I really really really really like
and I'd have no idea which one I'm
actually gonna wear on Saturday I feel
like I'll wear one Friday and then I'll
wear the other one Saturday depending
which one I like better but I like both
a lot umm but yeah so anyways I'm going
to show you guys the thing that was
really sad to show you my battery died
stick and show you my room is actually a
mess from trying everything on oh my
gosh okay yeah went to Nordstrom because
I was looking for shoes and right across
with a handbag I was like shouldn't go
over there but I went anyway
and I didn't get a person but I did find
this in the stable section it was
literally 50% off and I was mind blown
oh my gosh I'm obsessed I'm obsessed you
guys know I have a backpack obsession I
know it's real I know it's bad it's
really bad it's just fun but I got this
one it's from I think it's Marc Jacobs
yeah Marc by Marc Jacobs and it's just
this light pink backpack I'm so obsessed
with it I love it and it was literally
50% off like it was half off has also
some silver detailing on it like right
here and on the little tassels things
whatever how to do this
oh no but yeah that's basically
everything that I got and now you guys
are totally totally totally going to
laugh at me right now but Ashley just
got home and her and Taryn have an award
show thing on Sunday and they want to go
to the mall because they don't have
anything to wear I'm not going to buy
anything but I figured I'll just go with
them to hang out so
edit back to the ball which is fun
they're like I should change in case I
see some of the same workers that it's
not earlier take sometimes like girl
you're still here and we have an outfit
change so top it's room free people bra
let's it's just like a white bra let and
wearing these white shorts from Urban
Outfitters and then to tie around my
waist I have this flannel that I forget
where I got it from I want to say
Arbonne I didn't want to wear my
Birkenstocks because cozy oh and we're
gonna spray some perfume Monsieur
Mia's got me this for a birthday to two
years ago it's been crazy a my gosh it's
feeling like halfway gone I had this
thing when it comes to like nice things
I tried to save them so I don't wear
them but it's a problem because you want
to wear them and get your use out of
them for instance I've had this for two
years but I try to like not wear it to
save it but in reality it's just gonna
go bad you know I mean like you should
use it and we are back with these two
but um literally just here like Erica so
what are we looking for
long like cool different skirt there was
some long cool different scripture
became my gosh I loved it to me
thank you any left
no looks like at a large girl
I dumped on Liberty Bell
back at the babe please what you get
is that a free one
oh my phone meant to be because I was
already here today I came water hydrate
hydrate himself Ashley as if anything to
have this down naming yet but Aaron
Thomas skirt looks good I feel like I'm
a personal stylist and likes to know
don't get that yet you need them so
curly in forever 21
I'm with 10 Ashley's upstairs for us all
being Karen plan outfit try to find a
black crop top
I'm feeling hopeful we will find one oh
yeah Karen with a voice she was the
voice and Oscar situation never thought
was Ashley
of them on a mission on a mission oh my
gosh this is so cute
it's like super sequiny though I've
loved this shirt so cute did we find
anything
