good morning guys what is up today is
Tuesday currently at nicking Gaby's
again yeah so that's what we're doing
right now I'm excited um and yeah it's
gonna be a chill day I love chili til
these are awesome so do you guys want an
outfit of the day yes let's do it ready
okay
yeah yeah so jacket is from Urban
Outfitters t-shirt is from Topshop my
short different people I got these like
forever ago and they're my favorite
things in the world I love how they
actually go lower in the back I got
booty and you got to cover the booty so
any shorts I go longer in the back I am
obsessed with an I love and then wearing
my thigh high boots which I got from
Nordstrom and yeah yeah can you actually
do a full yeah hey Thank You Nikki for
holding it there we go our one ubers
here no Tommy
got some juice we're gonna try to take
some pictures and bring this really cute
little boy uh get famed oh hi i'm like
oh yeah we got pictures blog in a blog
enough like he's a good long hey guys so
Alicia is I couldn't actually took some
pretty decent pictures and I feel like
vlog and I was like with my hair so I
put it up it looks so cute cute we
should walk back to the coffee shop so
he told him to pick us up
yo what I haven't blogged a lot because
I actually had a really quick photo
shoot that was in Venice / Santa Monica
that was like 45 minutes driving there
and then doing that and then driving
back and I got really late and I got
really tired was it good then we have
some dinner and now are we doing Mickey
going to California donuts and we both
have been doing it's really pretty good
eating hopefully I have this is the
worst this will be the worst I've done
in probably like to eat yeah oh but you
know what we're gonna enjoy I totally
have one donut isn't gonna change us
like like it's donut it's one donut
recipe what I haven't had time for new
this forever so we're gonna go get some
we both want the exact same donut its
sub chocalate buttermilk donut oh yeah
hahaha I'm also going to get some
Instagram I think we're the same person
I literally don't know and it's the lvl
oh yeah you're not the one who's like
Evelyn
we are getting done
trying to decide which ones I want
because every time I get up nervous I'm
always like that
wait to be power what
the right um
chuckling yeah so either they came here
from one doughnut they don't have don't
if we want it and I'm so I got some
other ones though
no no yeah
traps
ready for this ready for this whoo we
got doughnuts
honey don't like my doughnut okay so
does anyone else do this a lot of times
they're like I just want the frosting so
I like tear off the bottom part of it
I'm like I don't really care for the
other part of it I just want top half of
it his face got literally have done this
for years and I blame my mother hey guys
so I'm so sorry that this vlog is
combined two days I honestly was like
debating uploading Ashley's footage but
this honestly was like hardly any
footage so I felt really bad currently
8:40 something really must leave and if
I'm start the vlog because I was so mad
of how little footage I had so look who
it oh baby I miss you so freaking much
oh I missed you did you miss me yeah to
me look at her I can't I can't
oh yeah back oh okay look at her sister
hair right here I love you some date
guys so went to the gym killed the
workout came home ate a doughnut I was
so mad at my oh I said I wasn't gonna
have any of those doughnuts and I did
and I was like oh my gosh I hate myself
right now but it happened can't change
it it happened so we move on in life
right anyways I have Ashley for like 20
minutes before she has to go back to
class we're gonna film 15 minutes so
then we're gonna come right now ah here
we go this yeah I had a coffee you first
walk into my room this is what you see
here's the overview of my bedroom
yeah this little looks like kind of
imagine my Instagram if you guys follow
me on Instagram you know exactly what
I'm talking about
anyways let's get into this and I feels
like it but anyway so when you first
walk into my bedroom but this is what
you see a queen-size bed and you're
wondering and my bedding is from
Anthropologie it was kind of my bedroom
I guess you could say um so my bedroom
is actually from a West out how I did is
skipping my quality because it's kind of
a mess and if you really want to see it
too then watch my blog channel because
okay so we're whipping out to the
machine against the wall again so when
you watch the video comment below that
you know the secret yo I know the secret
hello Oh guys I was somewhere sure and I
think legit my camera just broke I've
never had this happen before just I was
filming and I noticed that it like it
said movie stopped recording and that
happens all the time but this time when
I turned off my camera like it didn't do
anything like it was just like still
there and then now all the screens like
the LCD screen is freaking I think it's
the screen that broken my camera's
completely off I even took out the
battery and it's still like that legit I
don't know what's going on and I think
my camera just broke I want to cry right
now
I have another one I can use I'll just
be harder to film on like so sad I
really hope it's not broken
okay now I've decides to work but I feel
like it's not gonna look like work much
longer what the heck that was weird that
was weird
ten scenes of me filming a room tour was
a little higher so disgusting I didn't
have time to wash it up as a gym so this
is literally like gym here and I feel
like I can smell myself that's so
disgusting and TMI but I'm telling you
guys anyway yeah okay
what I should actually show you're
really good I'm doing like I don't know
lots of overviews and I feel like this
video is gonna be so beneficial for
people who want to like decorate their
room I mean obviously like you guys see
my room all the time because I've log in
here but I think it'll be cool for you
to know that's exactly where I got
certain things like inspiration behind
anything I don't know like like yeah
yeah Lanie yeah you're okay so filming
went so so good I'm really happy I got
all the footage done at least I'm pretty
sure pretty sure I found all the footage
now I stuck to it and it edited I
noticed oh did it 99% sure the state is
willing up sunday get excited on day
there will be new video I yeah it'll be
at Sunday for sure I'll let you know in
another vlog if it doesn't but plan on
it being up on the day I am so like all
day I've been talking way faster then my
mind can like process and it's just not
good enough anyways I'm currently
packing can probably guess why I go back
to LA tonight guys didn't know I live in
Orange County a lot of people think I
live in LA but I don't actually really
like it out here it's definitely more
homey and I mean obviously I grew up in
Southern California so it's just it's
very homey and I like it but the only
downside to that is you have to drive to
LA all the time and everyone lives in LA
no traffic it's like not even that bad
but with traffic it can take a long a
long time to go I threw on this skirt I
thought it looks really cute with the
crop top and stuff I think I got this
from Abercrombie forever
guess where I get or I'm at Mimi's oh no
wait a toy usually it's a destroyed okay
those are the best the strawberry
poppies will evolve early
we're currently at 3rd Street Promenade
Santa Monica with me yeah as you know
we're meeting up with niki and gabi
right now and we're also meeting up with
Sheila Meredith we're all gonna get
dinner and plan a secret secret
something watch yeah I went there I said
look like a loner
just standing here come along with me
that's a truth so if I really was alone
I would not be doing this yeah
there are nowhere to be found this is
literally like my closet I love it I
went to Victoria's Secret as well but
I'm not Brandi right now and I'm trying
to see if they have some mama oh my gosh
wait is that oh my god while we're
taking over you go to the bridge we're
so good this site this is gonna be
jealous yeah Annie I love Alicia take
over the camera can go very glad to
immersion Alicia edition oh I guess
steel edition yeah yeah now I'm
confusing myself
I don't normally yes thank you here and
I think we haven't seen each other since
the tour which is really sad this is
that's really thought you can hang out
onions Alicia we we need to have a
playdate with Ken and Chloe and Piper
yeah it's happening we're all here at
dinner so uh where were you where were
you the night 2015 situation hey guys so
I just edited this vlog up until this
point and I just want to end it so I
love you guys so much
I will see you tomorrow with new vlog
and yeah bye
