oh hey guys this is a dog you saw me and
it's right here and sings back I love
this lighting I'm so jealous of your
lighting oh good
Joe hey Jess my hair
um anyway it's currently 1129 am I was
it Meredith Mia and I are on our way to
meet Meredith and Tila last-minute shots
for our huge collab yes
going up Sunday although if something
changes I'll let you know but as far as
we know it's going up Sunday vlog is
currently uploading I think I was like
two minutes left and then we are going
to go oh no it's processing which means
we didn't go anything why are you
talking like this I don't know why no
all by candles I want to you for a while
you'll buy unless we come back here but
I don't know anyways more behind the
scenes today more fun today today's last
day I'm gonna see niki and gabi which is
sad but we'll see them nah
whoa but we'll see them next week for
beautycon so it won't pay to set up a
goodbye and yes go on with our day and
um you guys can come along and for
Starbucks today I am Alicia state Li Shu
program oh can you want to play buddy
yeah just got my blog up and now we're
gonna go
we're currently on a hangout here is
writing or look yeah wow I love your
vlog I love yard blog blog a lot goal yo
behind the ski and really keep it looks
dead of an Instagram for Mia can you
give us your Instagram tip of life I am
done because I never alone oh that was a
fail currently reading comments on my
vlog right now you guys are the bed it
was literally pouring pouring rain right
now we're under the little awning thing
and foolishly knows a bit I mean we know
this terrain but we thought was gonna
rain a lot later dad and I was like it's
pouring yeah I'm seongjo we're here like
yeah can we like throwback to two clips
ago when this was like beautiful and so
here it's so pretty
oh my gosh I probably bring it out oh my
gosh add the funny is a bomb it's
actually growing outside yes we are
currently getting full one shot you can
pick an antenna it's like a snow can I
run it we're talking
shoutout to merciless she's Valon HeLa
she told me about this place I'd swear
huh
so I got summit chicken brown rice soup
and it feels so good because I'm still
so cold is it oh it is raining
I was looking that way do you see like
how I got spaghetti squash mayor what
did you get my god
turkey burgers both fine sweet potato ha
oh I like to go Brown Tila what you get
I got a margarita yeah me go Kalin
avocados it wait one more time oh wait
can I have one
three
carolien herb I am van Outfitters
okay this dress is so cute but I would
not look at it it stops raining yeah
throwback to when we were stuck on the
pier and it was poor great I should put
my hair up a long time ago currently
going to Brandi because Ashley really
wanted me to get her back I'm gonna go
get her backpack
and then I think we're gonna run over to
Nasty Gal hopefully find maybe something
for beauty : or just to wear yeah I
bought some sweats and a sports bra and
I really wanted to change to my sweats
but I need to find a bathroom change too
so yeah that's cool do you see this
bathing suit this is crazy things you
ever that's it happy times so we are now
at the Grove but we're going to get some
dinner and I'm back to making a V and
we're with Erin and getting some food
Mia might come not sure it's going to
close down
we're getting sushi
I had to keep like every time we bow
that we all have
what you get what you get Tina Tina over
there
so so cute
good morning guys how are you so tonight
today I'm obviously back at my apartment
hey guys you a palaver i put your
flannel on to not get burnt you that's
Denver thank you sunblock and amorphous
yeah I do see our living room has no
couch because our couch is getting
delivered tomorrow and I'm so so excited
it's been like two months two or three
months in a long time I got it forever
ago and I didn't realize my ordered it
that they had to custom make it it's
just some cratenbarrel like we're aunt
like a normal furniture store then by
the time I realized that it was too late
so I was like oh well take a while
anyways how it's coming tomorrow I still
have my blue fabric thing up from when I
filmed my life hacks video I know my
room tour oh my gosh you guys I just
need baniyas snapchat today with a Chloe
and I have to show you I meant put on my
story but then I was like concentrating
on who I was tuning into so i'm cinda
tall when people and then I just
realized I forgot to not on my story but
I'm gonna insert it here with hilarious
rooted Facebook but it failed miserably
but it works fail anyways today I'm
filming and editing it's a very
productive be a very productive day
heron and Brett are gonna come over
because I need some shots with both of
them and then actually I need to chat
with you Ashley went on a hike sporting
like I said and she came on and brought
me Starbucks did you see what you cool I
did oh so judge photo kotka it's cool
like I was about to open this package
because I got a package and then I
realized I haven't blogged and I was
like Alicia you better blog and you
better open this package on the flop
it's so weird without a couch reminds me
when we pursued in and remember I like
laid down here and I was like oh okay
let's open it this is from friend
headphone and I'm so excited
Alicia Marie oh wait this is weird but
it's cool um I've never had a pair of
friends headphones I've given them away
before and giveaways but I just never
had my own I'm really excited it so got
these ones and then they're the ones
with the interchangeable cap I'm legit
gonna buy like all the colors of the
cats these are cool this one's like the
rainbow one oh these are so adorable I
love them
hello are you pulling oh my god some
cuba thank you friend
I'm so sad it's like these babies listen
to music you appreciate joy middle one
oh we got her to lie
that is literally her favorite toy ever
a subscriber gave it to me when I was on
tour it's a little club but she took her
eyes out
I know shake her nose out there is even
a collar and I had Chloe on it was so
cute oh my baby's not used I don't think
you are perfect looks so messy for
losing oh we're gonna face bop again
cake look who's here hi we are currently
filming right now Joey my ball here to
help are you going friend here what up
what up
thanks for being in my video well Emma
Boggs the owner be the only dudes we
ever have so we just finished all the
shots with Brett to me funny I like
making fun of myself clearly updates and
down here in Ashland I our house is for
dinner
I'm eating ramen gosh guys we have a
promise in Japan which was so long ago
and kids are in common
we found a place next door
there's a display
kind of
so legit I've been to one of these
places before but this one's cool this
is literally so
like
yeah like dry nitrogen
spices profit
berries look so cool
so I
so good wait I would love is it really
good after get man get it
so good right in heaven no update is way
easier to eat it with a fork and a knife
believe it or not like so much easier
key letter
don't hello guys so I just want to in
today's vlog I yeah yeah okay anyways um
it'll be guys and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with new launch game yeah okay
