good morning guys what is up well
actually just kidding definitely
afternoon now I'm sorry about the day
Sunday I think it's the 28th 6:8 I'm not
really sure honestly I have no idea but
this morning I had Church so that was
really awesome Ashton did an amazing job
drumming then I came home and for the
past like hour
I've just been busting out my homework
so much homeworks due today I had a
final I had a paper I literally wrote it
in like 30 minutes I like busted it out
it was crazy but I wanted to vlog
because today I'm actually headed out to
LA gonna meet up with Mia help her film
and niki and gabi are actually flying in
today so I'm so excited to see that yeah
I'm just I'm so excited so I figured our
vlog so you guys can come along with the
journey also at yesterday's vlog when up
this morning and last night I uploaded
my DIY shower life hack video so
definitely go watch that I'm actually
really happy with how that video turned
out and you guys are loving it with me
with uh-huh which makes me is so happy
and also I think it's hilarious how I
uploaded the vlog of showing you guys
how I put the Starbucks cover there
purposely I really didn't think that
many people would notice it like all the
comments are people being like that
Starbucks cup though so it's pretty
funny so I'm suing a bra light with the
tank top and this skirt does ring some
booty so I'll put those on yeah that's
the one
we're here and I stole some cookies from
Mia
good boy you see the toy right behind me
hey but oh we are the cutest Corgi me
give me I have a toy though here yeah
luckily be cutest Corgi and the entire
world barn gimmick or you betta stroke
and we're getting so wall set me up
oh do you like how I say hi to your dog
first the guys are doing really high cuz
we love our kin or we love our means to
Turin Eng we get a behind-the-scenes and
peek into what we're doing right now
sorry bismuth it was cool I'll come but
about can't use ones anymore after I use
your curling Oh No so I'm over here ever
once wants to come over but - we're
gonna try to film a video for memes
somehow it's gonna happen we're hoping
that's gonna happen it'll be something
at least one shot will fun yes and niki
and gabi will be over later and we
ordered some vegetal because so me is
getting ready and I said I'm going to
plan out not this week's videos but then
next week work on the other day this
week and I'm going to sign it up oh look
I'm me
long time no see party today his art cuz
I want to laugh with animal move
it's been forever since um um Coon she
like on tour every blog had scones like
many times in it
and then now it's like not as much but
it's still a thing
salting Oh where's your lobster can
doors yeah sure so um we ordered some
pressed juice and I'm trying lemon
cayenne cayenne pepper lemon water
cayenne water
we got them postmates oh my gosh I have
not had lunch so I'm so excited for this
right now
oh my gosh let's see what we got veggie
go fall we got some buffalo wings at me
and I were going to split that and I
went each got a salad oh my gosh get the
kale quinoa power salad but add chicken
to it it's literally heaven it is so so
good
so me I got one I got one and I'm so
excited yeah
yes also it looks like filmy isn't gonna
happen today and it just got really
really really late but maybe we've all
but niki and gabi are oval tear just so
excited I'm excited to see them and yeah
so yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna eat my magic
girl Mia took Ken out right now so it's
me chilling here kiddo we're both
walking at the same time when it's on
with my lady wise you're so good I think
uh-oh oh wait pause okay guys wait look
at the brunette in the bug giggling oh
my gosh we're in LA wait the shadows
watching Gabby prank viewers by singing
adult abou oh wow no so I didn't mention
this but niki and gabi are staying the
same a complex at me and listen which is
really cool so what you will see us or
you will see me here a lot we're chillin
I think we're gonna go get some dinner
even though I kind of just a you're
chilling and we'll sit and talk for a
while now yeah how was your flight talk
about singing everything's so used to
flying it was weird
yeah like I was walking around like
editing chilling like yay friends and
your hair I know I kind of like it you
are no I kind of like it it's like
subtle
what are you get in
oh honey & Molesey but I want to keep us
about the problem but you can save it
because you have a French I don't know
what to get what kind of movies do
have you had a minute oh good the
Spanish granita latte what number 80 was
a I am like my Facebook being on
snapchat good how do you want me and
again it's hilarious
like I don't even look out oh my right
now no so obviously we are at earth no
being basic I really do love this cafe
just say
look at this all what is this every time
I come here I feel like a fatty because
it fills up the entire table I know not
vlogging and then we're boys got my
usual how much is really solid Betty hey
Mary oh my goodness it go at Nikki on
snapchat right now because there are
hilarious snapshot of this like our last
goober Ryan I thought we were I just
can't even it is hilarious Kerry said
like we were all laughing so hard Gavin
I can choose touch this and I'm millions
in school musicals he might have a
practice tera flushes I can which is 41
my guys but my older sister but you're
all in the day that she just happened to
be sitting in a card oh hey guys so
update time is currently you'd for it
10:43 p.m. I got free late and I got a
little tired so I figured I'm just going
to spin the night instead of driving
super late and being tired because they
deeper and I won't have to use I kind of
really want her to stay over enemy and
I'm happening in the morning so trying
to in this fog because we are going to
start editing our vlogs right now which
is exciting so that way it can be up in
the morning for you guys um but yeah I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new book boy right guys what
perfect timing my battery is flashing
