good morning the Sun happens to come out
second I blocked news and shall we good
morning guys how are you
it is great actually it was like what 11
when he's pissed I'm like oh it's 12
well it never minds good afternoon
apparently 12 today is Monday um and
whatever our plans today
no it's time to go back home because I
want to be traffic boom boom I really
don't feel like getting ready today
play yesterday's vlog this morning and I
think it's really funny guy should go
watch it because it definitely gives a
behind-the-scenes of this week's video
I'm so excited for this week's video
like I I'm just really excited I think
you guys are gonna love it
I have done a video like it before you
guys will totally understand why like
I'm just so excited baby it so we got a
spinach feta wrap protein box and we got
the usual bay we got bay I never feel my
name right it's okay it's still just as
good what you get Nikki it was always
very viscous refresher with extra
berries anyways as you can tell we're
kind of having an editing date and wait
for it I didn't do this at Starbucks oh
god do it yeah hey guys any time so um
it's a little later and I actually drove
back home and Gabi are collabing later
today I thought I was a good time to
come back home cuz I have like no
clothes I need to like repack and stuff
that's going on I look kind of ratchet
can't decide if I'm gonna get ready
today you know when you're like do I
even want to put makeup on to kind of me
right now anything the other part of me
is like it's already 2/4 doubles 3 like
the days basically over oh my face guys
look good come on II miss her so much
especially seeing Ken all the time she
seems so small now yet he hit I missed
you
so I came home to so many packages I
believe this one is mine and this one is
mine okay like some of these I know this
it is I don't know what this one is
let's figure it out this one I have been
needing a new planner for the longest
time and I finally got my mom so got
this Oh daddy stickers cute packaging is
so cute I got Eric Andre at planner
oh yes okay so this is the one I got
it's the gold metallic one and then I
got the turquoise color and I don't know
if you can see those I hope you can see
this but I got my initials a.m. right
there so excited I'm just a smaller than
I thought I was gonna be I thought it
was gonna be a lot bigger I feel like
I'm like actually gonna be even more
productive with this which makes me so
excited much as I wish I could use at my
google calendars and stuff I just
physically have to write stuff down
having an actual agenda or planner
it helps me so much and I'm not sure
once this is oh what oh oh my gosh I lit
it quite again a huge clock oh my gosh
it's so cute this is actually going to
fit perfectly in the kitchen because the
whole like pops of color pastels thing
we got going on for me this clock is
literally the size of a baby's like
bigger than my face you see this the
twos okay give me like here so other
than there I don't really know where it
could go because it's so big like it
definitely would not fit up there feel
like it either goes over there or it can
like be propped up on the little shelf
because we have this that shelf up there
yeah I'm so excited like literally this
is my hand you see a Pegasus it's so
huge currently snacking on from edamame
can you see me I don't know let's do
this oh no my hair don't mind my hair
kill my neck so I walk into my room and
I find another package I guess it came
when I was gone so Ashley put it in here
and I figured this is just gonna be haul
this is a hit vlog of unboxing so we're
basically doing more to the hall I have
a huge box of Sigma the
emailed me saying that they wanted to
send me some stuff I did not expect to
see as this much stuff oh my gosh oh my
gosh their packaging is so cute I think
I'm so far from you guys you can't lie
see
oh my gosh these are so cute three of
their makeup brushes you have a contour
one a crease one and a lid one oh my
gosh my brushes shut up we have more
makeup brushes I'm not going to go
through every single one because that
would take forever but these are all
basically that contour ones but we have
a palette warm neutrals will make dude
those are so pretty
powders wonder what's the difference oh
that is a blush color that's so intense
I am not use that for this is such a
gorgeous blush color oh my gosh that is
gorgeous I love that higher oh my gosh
oh there's a no I didn't see if they put
in a spa glob I have wanted one of these
for years hate watching my makeup
brushes but now I feel like I'm going to
love washing my makeup brushes this is
the brush dry and shaped our I don't
know how to put it together
oh now okay yeah we got this
yes thank you Sigma I am a set for life
now like literally I don't know what to
do middle Hogan oh my gosh the magnet
the magnet morning Nicki
Oh No
what up guys so I haven't worked all day
and I realize and I'm don't like your
thinking any I look absolutely grass
right now maybe I got a chance this
morning and if you have had one before
basically you look orange until you
shower but you're not supposed to shower
for like 6 hours 6 8 hours it's knocking
around literally I like so ratchet and
then the pink hat doesn't help me lucky
not funny like we both like orange and
you have like a pink yeah and I have a
blue head and I think people like
inflicting this today we're like what
the heck these girls come on apartment
shopping today just although like
they're not moving anytime soon we do
for fun and then they were studio and
I'm Justin hanging out with Molly
Silvan like just chill I let my legit
was like oh I'll wait to log until I get
ready like the makeup on because then
you know I realize like it's so late in
the day I feel like I should just walk
anyway it's gonna go to the Grove
tonight I thinking at dinner and fun oh
right I'm gonna meet up with Amy coming
up with Aaron our new BFF he's literally
our new we love him Aaron if you're
watching us we love you mom and normally
normally I don't care what it looks like
on camera like I was long but today I've
been like maybe pseudo it's you're a
king because I like her and I feel gross
I feel like any longer no gross oh my
gosh I look so much better from the LA
my gosh so makeup and hair are done
outfit has change I feel like a new
person
yes the best outfit of the day let's do
it in the bathroom why not so strange
mom at forever 21 interesting like cap
sleeve cropped t-shirt shorts I have
brandy melville fans are white high tops
their ashley's I sold a man jacket is
Nicki's risk um um okay I'm here now
there's yo that's my top of the day you
can kinda see the tan a little better
it's not huge nothing this Ana uploaded
this picture day on Instagram so you
guys should go check it out go like it
and follow me on it to get me you guys
haven't yet yeah Gaby outfit of the day
oh my god these are forever over brandy
set pants from Target
she's from Bourbon Irvin yeah I'm liking
it and liking it with it so we are in
Topshop looking well I'm trying not to
shop but it's kind of hard there's some
really cute stuff here
maybe get me out whenever they go
are from
I gave you two really weird places
because I feel like it's hard to find
you right I got you my shirt is from
brandy melville jacket
here in Belleville
I'm diggin my god way I love what you're
so I love these I was like an alien
oh my god gosh I get these in Sephora
we're kirlyam for us I guess
we asked the crowd I'm like no one's
here I love it oh wait it's like
Wednesday Tuesday and I have to you
right now update i'm so that it was
amazing and expensive Tiffany her hair
is gold Mickey do you see that together
twenty we're trying to go to I guess we
are ice cream
wait what are you use again I always
give like the red bar yeah so um we're
back here as I can never talk back at
the apartment now charge my battery a
little bit X on the end this evolved
really quick
I tried editing this whole log and I'm
so tired I'm gonna go to bed I'm like
exhausted so I'm going to edit it in the
morning yes
should be up series new obviously you're
watching it whatever I'm going to the
end and I'll see you next time see
