oh my god you guys vlog is finally up
yeah blog is finally up it is honestly
it's like 1 o'clock right now I don't
know why it took me extra long to get it
up I'm so sorry but there it is
christmas is coming
vlog miss day 23 I cannot believe
there's little bit only 2 more days of
vlogmas like that's done no more intro
that's so sad so what is that welcome to
today's vlog I feel like it's so weird
because all month
I keep wondering where the days go but I
can always just look back at all the
vlogs and see what I did every single
day but it feels like it just flew by
which is crazy but it's not over we have
two days left
I still have today's vlog anyways like I
said vlog I need to go get ready yes
today's Christmas eat we're gonna go to
church tonight and we're gonna go to
dinner so I need to get them ready
because I look real cute kidding I don't
look real cute and now what's the joke
behind it anyways
let's go upstairs yo this is the daily
attire we got a hoodie from Hollister
super cute we got some leggings from
Victoria's Secret real cute and we have
Ashlee's slippers most importantly
though we have a coffee
I can't this hold on hold on there we go
that's better most importantly though we
have my coffee which is kind of cold but
that is ok let's go upstairs and let's
put on some makeup also yes I tried a
new foundation yester you guys and it's
so we're not gonna do that one today oh
I have to wait we have to plug in the
treatment for it ciao and then I put you
guys on the tripod ok you tube videos
shy straighten my hair or should i for
all my hair I tried like a different
foundation yesterday and I absolutely
hated it half a day of the day my skin
was so oily and just not cute so I'm
gonna use the Fenty foundation because
I've really been liking that but I'm
gonna use my let's do a professional so
I like I think I briefly mentioned this
to you guys one time but long story
short if you watch my vlog missus or
like videos for a while you know that we
usually open our Christmas presents on
Christmas Eve because tomorrow is
Ashley's birthday that's always been our
tradition that's always been our
tradition for honestly as long as I
could freak and remember like as long as
I can
however this year we're doing something
different we're actually opening
presents tomorrow morning super early so
I'm actually kind of excited for that
and then after we open presents I'm
gonna film my what I got for Christmas
video so it'll probably be up like
tomorrow afternoon it's not gonna be up
first thing in the morning a realistic
we will probably be up around like two
ish so do me a favor and right now make
sure that you hit the notification bell
on both my channels and facility it's
gonna be part of hashtags notification
squad foundation I am so excited for
Christmas you guys like honestly
okay we need a look oh there's so
freakin much in here um I mean I could
always do like a red look cuz it's
Christmas Eve or we could you like a
dark like even who even like that's
really pretty I like this one I kind of
like it now um we'll see let me figure
out what I'm wearing tonight I don't
know I also have to really do my hair
put some dry shampoo up in here I feel
like I love the color so much more on
camera than in person look what should I
wear tonight
hello Club I got your Christmas presents
today babe and I spent a ridiculous
amount it's actually kind of
embarrassing you look so pretty you guys
also I wanted to show you guys some
things so we are actually really like
the lip color well that's like super
nude but whatever so like I said
Ashlee's birthday's tomorrow and I
ordered a cake it is so freaking pretty
I wanted to show you guys cuz she's not
here right now and she doesn't know we
ordered one and I don't think she's even
expecting it's like look like this it is
so cute it's super her so let's go good
Oh
oh my god it is so pretty it looks a lot
more like orange on camera but it's
really just like gold and bronzy and it
looks like they like painted oh my god
she's gonna be so surprised it's like so
pretty so she's gonna get this tomorrow
night I know tomorrow okay yeah so she
doesn't know about it I'm really excited
but by the time she sees this you'll see
this so yes it looks so good okay
let's also really hope I don't drop it
cuz I have it with one hand right now oh
my god I just realized I forgot to wrap
one more present okay sorry mom and dad
we're just doing bags because it's
literally a bajillion times easier
yesterday my dad wears hats
every single day so I got him a new hat
which I think he'll really like so
that's gonna go in there also I'm at
low-key got myself some hats for the gym
then I got my mom this heard and I think
she's gonna love it
she really really really really needs a
new one let me let me wrap this
yeah yeah oh my god oh I literally think
these were the last present I needed -
oh my god
Oh dun-dun-dun-dun presents what a
beautiful side wait do you guys feel
cool cuz you like know what's in there
it's like you like like you help me wrap
them yeah Chloe do you want to go
outside goodbye
oh my god away oh my voice bye from the
garage I have a few more present some
presents for the dogs hey Tom hey buddy
I closed so many dogs I love it
Christmas Eve Target adventures what you
guys so which is gonna target and I'm a
subscriber introduce yourself Laila like
big surprise that I'm here right now
right
oh no there is a smudge so I need to get
decorations for Ashley for her birthday
tomorrow so I need to get like some
balloons and confetti and like that kind
of stuff that's why we're here the only
reason I promise I'm not shopping for me
we found it called balloon school
streamer this works right well I think
that's all I really need this is perfect
yeah yes just one would be great we got
the goods okay going to church will
update you soon guys update time church
was awesome Ashley did awesome and right
now we are doing our gift exchange with
John Mowbray let's do it also rocking
the Hollister onesie it's so cool Chlo
are you still in the spot Reese tearing
the spot but you're a pretty girl I
literally was like what do you want and
I was like I want to style it so I can
do cool Instagram story things because
my Apple pencil doesn't work on my phone
for whatever reason I love
take two
oh my god I saw this the other day and I
was obsessed is it so cute it's from me
they saw me wrap it but they don't know
what it is I literally so mean oh my god
wait oh my god this is funny
okay you got me way too much stuff let
me cover like six things with a man
update I'm it's a little bit later and
I'm just sitting here editing this vlog
we're gonna wake up super early and do
our presents so I want to make sure that
the vlog is completely ready to go so
don't do it in the morning because
tomorrow I'm gonna be focusing on my
main channel video but I love you guys
so much and get it so excited to see
vlogmas day 25 I'm so excited I'm
honestly really really really excited
yeah and it's Ashley's birthday which
makes it even more special anyways I'm
gonna go thank you so much for watching
today and I'll see you tomorrow my
parents came to visit got her one she
loki's doing Christmas shopping for me
right now so she said I couldn't go into
urban with her which is sad but so many
people are gonna think I'm leaving right
now and I'm really not wait wait oh
there we go
this makes me so happy please meet up
please
