hey guys what is up oh my gosh I'm back
at my apartment it is so crazy I feel
like I haven't been here in forever
probably because that's kind of true
I've been basically Nellie like I was my
lazy asses here honey I know it's pretty
ever I missed you I missed you Tom sadly
Chloe is not here but she's actually at
the groomer she's getting all cute for
you guys so I went just moves back you
guys are gonna be like oh my gosh she's
I came back home early this morning and
then we went to gym and now we are
filming a video for Ashley which is
exciting and I'm going to get Ritchie
Nora you should get rest we should get
ready feel like it's very white right
now because my shirts white pink I'm
gonna scoot oh is this heavy this is
real loving we're good mmm and now dang
it hold up and make this on like right
now this lighting think it looks super
super harsh but I promise it's not that
harsh like cogged were like too much but
I promise
I probably look normal look with bacon
Ellie why she's a fire blanket why I go
oh here's a green bow for st. Patty's
Day
when also did the Panda till Cheerios no
chances no okay
anyways she is back with us and now what
are we doing sure babe yes hungry by
editing editing partier sitting already
I think our editing editing editing
forward do you want to go somewhere get
it what do want to edit that home we can
go somewhere else when I haven't done
that forever let's do it let's do it I
have maybe like an hour to worth of
footage of editing like not alive
homework dude she's loving this oh and
it's a copy time oh definitely never
some coffee it's just much news right
now like much needed right now today is
literally a flown by so much things
don't like that really don't like that
so now we're gonna have an editing party
and you know what you need for an
editing party right comes in and stopped
my outfit right now is on point
can I just talk about it ready outfit of
the day Paulette it's ma'am Aaron
Outfitters the halter one shirt Ashley
got me this last year it's from Free
People
and I like it because it's so loud - KJ
pants are my favorite PJ pants that I've
ever had in my entire life I got them in
seventh grade when I was on my way to a
sleepover and I didn't have any of my
stuff with me so we stopped at Ross know
riding we stopped at riding and I got
some men's pants they're so comfy guys I
love them and it's making even better
there's like a rip in the butt I don't
even care it's huge like nothing but
like I still wear them because they're
so comfy so plaid pants and some
patterned blue socks and the blue thing
going on right now - it's a blue blue
blue outfit today
calm calm yeah yeah yeah
I'm so excited actually really excited
for this I've not had coffee today and
you guys know me I love my coffee you
have not coffee either oh really
me too editing party I don't I farted
current situation right now
my hair's poopy cuz I completely didn't
just not do it today are wearing the
Aggies with some jeans and um yeah
change out of the comfy PJ's because
we're gonna go get some dinner and yes
we are currently at dinner
what are you getting
that hobby coming
it's so loud in here so I got a chicken
comment salad oh really
ooh the light help it looks really
really good
but you get
chicken and field green salad with Oana
and bacon and cheese
and there are
but
we're at the mall now
do you like my butt actually I do it's
very lost no I like it like it's like I
don't care then you
I found a denim skirt and a tank top
that I really like shopping for some
stuff for a collab yes I said cool love
although in previous parting our team
you that's what we were doing
- yeah secret honey bun
oh you know I was looking for a choker
hey it's my it's my vest that I wore in
the Coachella video I love that as the
circular we're currently in Nordstrom
and I went to throw Toulon I only got
like a necklace and shirt from there and
then tweak pants got some goodies for
their after great guy we're looking at
the brand new section in Norwich right
now there's some cute stuff cos they're
just super cute but that I can like the
words I got you yeah that was super
successful which is awesome now we are
going cuz the mall is closed no no an
edit more and do homework you know it
does sound good
chocolate sounds so this is such a
typical Alicia vlog - Starbucks today
literally if I went to Starbucks this
morning this would be the ultimate
glacial in a while wait am i right am i
right
what is wrong with this picture like
really did someone really do this or an
earthquake happen part of me really
hopes an earthquake happened because I
cannot imagine someone actually leaving
this like this that's actually horrible
so obviously we're internet like I said
look to act medleys and eval and we
actually met before so we just like
reunited and had a bonding moment it was
awesome have you got anything yet no oh
yeah a date on you Jen yeah this place
is um how do you say dangerous very
dangerous you go on for one thing and
they come out with it like 20 teens it's
no bad bad
so Loki came here for some strawberries
that's why we came
that booted up can you tell us why you
chose those exact strawberries why are
they pristine
one there are more that backs than that
box oh really
account they were a darker shade of
friend more ripe then like you know the
pinky red oh my gosh you guys
takis Chuckie Easter is here answer is
here I can't thank you quite crunchy
do everything is very big up in Lebanon
they were heaven oh my gosh Oh
Milana banana chocolate Milano's Easter
is the best I love Easter cuz it means
my birthday's close and it's chocolate
and peace I want the P I want oh my gosh
I love peeps I can't I can't I can't
wearing Uggs even though it's not that
cold up target target target talking
what up guys so it is currently 10:47
p.m. and i just edited this vlog up
until this point currently that you're
watching so on to end this vlog i hope
that you guys liked this and i will see
us about with new luck and yeah love you
heyy
Wow
