good morning guys what is up it is
currently I'll go say ten even though
it's definitely 913 am gonna kind of
ratchet right now and do not do not
Monica knock-knock oh my gosh did not
mind I and that's a night Nicky and
Gaby's last night if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog and have any stuff but
I tend to do that like I usually just
don't care so like spent like whatever
that's what I'm looking like this but
it's cool we're close remember we don't
we don't have to impress each other so
I'm obviously home right now my dad's
coming over later today and I think
Ashley are just gonna film it's gonna be
pretty chill pre awesome days got some
coffee because I'm kind of tired it's
not good but I woke up kind of a long so
at my skinny vanilla latte has always
everyone always asked what I get iced
skinny soy vanilla latte so it's a
sugar-free vanilla latte with soy milk
so guys on tour Meredith and I like
totally bonded over soy milk I we were
both the two to always get soy milk with
everything and then I got the
approaching Bistro box because I haven't
had breakfast and I feel like I should
have something for breakfast so I got
that but yeah anyways I'm going to head
home and let's go
hi she smells can ors she's like mom
what were you doing seeing him without
me I missed you did you miss makeup time
here we go okay so here makeup is done
and I totally just realized I'm wearing
the same at top as yesterday I hope you
guys notice cuz I slept in it so I'm
gonna change now umm and yeah much
better also I just got a delivery from
Ikea so I'm going to put it together I
got the Alex 9 drawer set that everyone
has I remember I was mentioning that I
wanted some drawers from Amica home and
we're gonna put it together
also we're currently eating my leftover
veggie girl from yesterday works whoo
dude
I'm sorry
okay so we are making some epic progress
all the drawers are done the thing is
done we'd have to put the drawers inside
the cabinet so here we go
and it's uh yeah we made furniture I'm
so excited
we definitely have one little a little
incident we accidentally put the two
ends on the opposite sides we have like
a from your duns we're gonna redo it but
that's okay I'm filled up with makeup
right now and I'm excited so obviously
this will be completely different up
here but this is where I put it's just
in this little corner when you first
walk in to my room like I need to put
something in here yay I'm so excited
I've one of these for you one of these
for the gears update I'm we are about to
film an intro for this week's video I'm
actually excited because I don't know if
you can see but I kind of switched up my
intro angle and I'm actually really
really really really liking it the
windows behind me set makes extra
brighter oh hold something about any
hassle of you know and this one the
video goes up let me know in the
comments if you like it better or just
the same like which angle do you like it
this way or do you like it more back
straight that way let me know yes today
we're going to film it's really quick
and yeah okay oh no okay oh it really is
oh don't bring them back like let's do
it
we're also tagging a whole bunch of
people in the comments in the comment so
we're typing a whole bunch of people in
in the description box below so
definitely do this video if you want you
and your tag or if you just want to do
it yeah so I'm sitting here editing it
and I feel like it looks pretty good
like as an intro I don't know let me let
me know let me know what what what you
guys think I'm kind of kind of like in
it literally right after filming it I
just came and sat here on the floor
getting it like I've been sitting here
for like five minutes straight chillin
on the floor so so yeah I don't know I I
feel like I like I feel like it looks
pretty pretty even Tiki van I'm doing
with Alicia ass now I have hour and a
half hour and 20 minutes free so I feel
like I should try
so it's completely right now I don't
want to say what video it is quite yet
yeah long story short I couldn't film a
lot of it today but the thing is it's
like it's not how once we knew it I'm
gonna tell ya this week's video ready do
not tell everyone Kay secret between us
doing a room tour okay room tour OG
YouTube bringing them back so excited
problem is I feel like my room isn't
ready for a room tour however my
personality like it'll never be ready
for a room tour so part of me is like
well should I just filming right now but
in the other part of me is like well
you've been wanting like little things
for your room should you like decorate
it completely how you want and then
another day this week's filming
I mean at least I filmed the intro for
it and then maybe I can just take some
pictures for the thumbnail today film
parts of it that's the thing none of the
things either way I really should do
something cuz productivity at its finest
I've nothing else to do might as well do
it oh my gosh
and you guys our life hacks video is
doing so well let me blow my shot yeah I
shower life hacks everyone must know 932
thousand views in one day that is
intense that is so so crazy to me oh my
gosh
it's probably gonna hit a million
tonight or tomorrow morning which is so
crazy like I cannot fathom that so thank
you so much I'm really glad that you
like that video
I honestly put so much fun filming that
one I feel like well I mean I mean I
always do stupid stuff like that like
sitting in the tub like making a video I
don't know like whatever like it was fun
and you guys are obviously really liking
it and all of you saw it and you know
exactly what I mean if you watched my
blog my behind the scenes vlog of that
video you all saw it like 99% of you
side if you're new to my channel or you
skips that video you're like what are
you talking about yeah yeah yeah go
watch it go watch my behind the scenes
vlog and you lot I mean okay I'm so I'm
like should I be productive I should be
productive I don't want to be productive
I from the sit and watch YouTube videos
and watch Netflix and just chill Chloe
all day that's my predicament right now
I'm like a dying whale right there
pardon me really wants to just film a
heart but part of it part of it it let's
clean my room first let's clean my room
ooh oh happy she's sad because gamba
Paulo and Ashley left so it's just us
chilling here just to room hey guys
update time so it's been a while since
I've logged hi what did I do
I made my thumbnail for this week's
video that's exciting
then went to the gym for actually a
while I could work out like an hour and
a half was like I'll tell him it was
pretty good pretty good
and then I've been packing because right
now I'm actually going back to Nikki and
Gabi's actually have a shoot tomorrow in
LA so I'm going to spend a night there
and that way I'll be out there all day
tomorrow probably goes from the night
again tomorrow night now that I think
about it but I'm not sure but yes this
is going on right now I'm gonna be doing
so much driving like the next week it's
like not even funny
hey guys long time no see it's currently
11:54 p.m. obviously I'm here in LA he
was Nikki Gabi's in the other room
facetiming we are currently editing I'm
editing this vlog and I realized that I
left my camera at Mia's cuz when I came
here I went to us he had her first and I
was my bought camera there but I have my
memory card so Nikki's awesome and
letting me use her vlog camera to block
this TARDIS lighting is like drink is
worth tank cuz like Jenks with my words
and Murph is one of my words and no
friend Frick I've met for literally
years holiday ten years I don't think
anything exciting is gonna happen we're
literally just editing so I think I'm
going to end blog right here right now
I'm out here all day tomorrow so get
excited for a fun vlog livia buddy bah
