good morning guys so today is Thursday
and in Vince yesterday's vlog Ison
tonight with Mia at her mom's house I
want to like that me as well specks in
it but like technically you know we are
leaving soon we're gonna go to Starbucks
and then um um I don't know maybe a bit
part white candle way where's my coat
we got a new tool but you're always like
which one will you play with me with oh
can it you're so yeah yeah
look at little Mia hello oh yeah do we
want today what do we want it
when we get
lovely okay so um I had a free reward -
I got a venti governments do bury me
hello aunt okay so this is really funny
but we're sitting on top well I'm
students I'd me it's coming she's right
there yeah I mean I was thinking because
I sat down and I had to think about
where I wanted to sit I was like you
know what sun's facing this way if I
want to flog like the lighting shoot
this way that made me realize there are
so many times there's like there's so
many things that non youtubers like will
never understand the guy literally sat
down for the vlog finding tonight I mean
and other youtubers right now you're
laughing cuz you're like wait I do that
too it's a thing when I wait so I'm over
here I was like most in the shades it's
over here and there's like actually
there's so many things like you don't
member think that'll only fill the video
there while you're wondering recording
me and this one has a ferry place which
is cool it's like fire pit belt-fed
chillin I got a 50 because I had a free
reward and you got to take advantage of
that free report unless they used on my
oatmeal that could've happened to so
with the more expensive did you
she - yeah well yeah awkward
Starbucks is blueberry oatmeal is so
good you guys track it saga this is nice
great flex and breakfast what's up guys
I suppose I have not logged in a while
so I'm sorry um but obviously I'm back
in my apartment now when I came home I
filmed an intro really quick and I've
just been editing actually been editing
an in Slate because it's definitely time
for me to make a new one I've had the
other one for like over a year I'll show
you guys that but currently it's cooking
I'm going to make an omelet for lunch
because if that sounds good
got some spinach we got some mushrooms
gonna be them I always forget to show
when I cook like I know you guys a lot
of you like seeing it in my blog but
that's yeah
and we got some food it's spinach
mushroom egg whites and then avocado and
a little bit of Cholula because this
stuff is so far what's gonna put sauce
on it but I decided I put the Cholula so
that should be good enough and I'm
excited fun random fact about me I love
spicy food like I like hot sauce salsa
like I'm jalapenos like I'm love spice
so like so excited frustrated what
up guys okay so it's currently 447 p.m.
I have an editing for like most of the
day like I said I've been working on
this and so I'm going to show to you
guys I'm not happy with it I think I
just need to like I like the idea of it
I just need to like play with it a
little more but I'm going to show you
what I have so far and a neon let them
turn out tonight honest it's like my
only plan for example I'm going to go
over to Mia's but um my only plan like
editing work-wise is to get this dog I'm
gonna do guys think but I feel like it's
the text like it looks like it's missing
something but it might just be the
arrangement of everything you'll know
exactly to me what I'm going to show you
ready
I don't know I feel like it just looks
weird I liked how the name was the same
as my banner but I like this I like all
this I'm just not sure about like and I
like to subscribe here so I think it's
just like the text my battery died but
it's pink bad my ferret one in charge is
awesome okay
but anyways I'm about to head over to
Mia's to just go hang out and go chill
and yeah I'm excited so I should
probably now before traffic gets too bad
because I think right asketh him so good
like where we someone to the headache
sadly I will not be getting any of these
but I think I might get a fruit plate
oops so here I got a lemon tabbouleh
salad bag I got comments a bully on the
side then I got these fruit and then I
got a fruit plate what do we get mean
yeah good friends yeah
Spanish cookie the law setting is god
I've never had a cuckoo
okay we're gonna eat
