good morning vlog it is a beautiful
morning oh I should dance moves oh oh
Gabriella Manny you're cute I never
showed you guys this we need you're
always know there's like this separate
guest house hold on hold so here's the
backyard as you I saw yesterday and
there's like a separate guest house and
Gabby's been sleeping in here like all
by herself so skewed bad temper
seriously with me that doesn't like
she's like just creepy in a way or
everything inside cool yeah it kind of
smells like chlorine - this is cute
little room and the view is gorgeous
we're gonna go swimming later
what up um so we are bumming it right
now we're going to go to breakfast you
didn't see us resolve your curly in Palm
Springs
today's our last day we're gonna make it
the most best last day ever oh so pretty
let's take a snapchat yo ready this is
me taking a snapshot all right we'll do
it this way ready
Scot the like a we actually have to wait
like 30 minutes before we can get seated
but that's okay because they have this
such adorable little like sitting area
where you can wait
it's not vanilla we just sat down and I
got my orange juice and it literally
looks like a frickin what is this called
what are they called speaker speaker
because me first Oh Bunsen burners I
could blame you like I'm in back in
chemistry the corn fritters amazing got
some food I really like that good course
we're vlogging and snapping and ends day
and this is like the quality Cooper
breakfast Hey haha adding ketchup
because our love ketchup and it's not
coming up cool what so pretty here um
cheese that's how you learn to see you
guys
thank you so much in Scott
what up guys so makeup is done we put a
little makeup on the face to make a make
it look decent we're getting ready to
film our intros for our collab I didn't
have time today yesterday but um we are
going to thank you punk gonna do them
today and then hopefully just have a
chill relaxing day by the pool and yeah
I'm gonna go get my tripod and set up
for our intro I just leave Gaby's ready
or at least close to ready because that
little thing she is Nicki what we just
do films and we filmed our intro and it
took like an hour we got some snack whoo
and guys okay Nicki and Ashley went to
the store to get more snack and look
what they have caramel delight these are
my favorite Girl Scout cookies ever I'm
so excited
get a girl yes work work work work say
work and I think it's cool time is it
full-time
yeah yay pull them we chillin by the
pool yo cut the pool time the Sun went
away the second I stepped now yeah but
now's your time to take pictures if
anyone home pictures hi buddy hi Alicia
slaughter every way what did I really
look like back home people are in the
snow when I'm over here baby swimming
Samsung I am iron ingot wizard
your access to underwater you'll be so
much oh my gosh your refrigerator with
clear your higher that's why my look
stupid what about knocking yeah oh it is
more pictures turn we can got some
apples and peanut butter everything out
to dinner tonight and some Girl Scout
cookies like we should you want here so
we can dress on please
hey guys so I am going to the band
outside at this log is a little shorter
in normal I actually fell asleep on the
couch for like three hours two hours
somebody that I'm anyways I'm reading
all these neurons new vlog and yeah bye
you
