morning guys how are you hi this do I
feel like I have it in like I don't I'm
just so ready to be back on my blogging
game it's not even funny
today is February 23rd and it is Tuesday
Tuesday 56 don't mind my hair right now
it's literally a hot mess and I'm in my
PJs chillin on my dining table and of
course we got some coffee taste this
morning has just been a great morning
you know know how you have this
morning's really this the great one I've
been sitting here planning out this
week's video I'm actually really excited
for my blushes are so weird right now
for those of you wondering I actually
did get eyelash extensions a couple
weeks ago but the problem is is when
they fall out which it doesn't hurt at
all they start looking really weird and
if you don't brush them out if they look
really weird so any time eyelashes look
jink
that's what's up and although they added
so much when you don't wear makeup so
everyone's like you look so gorgeous
about makeup and I'm like thanks but I
can't take full credit definitely these
peanuts EXO is one they're kind of
expensive and two when they fall out I
feel like my lashes are gonna feel
really bald like I'm gonna like hate
them hate me without them that makes
them dailies I'm really excited after
this week's video I think you guys are
going to like it probably not going to
be up till Sunday I don't think it'll be
up Saturday so I'm busy Saturday unless
I can film it all month Friday and edit
it all Friday and Friday night I don't
know I don't know I don't know we'll see
you but anyways um you guys know like it
it's new I haven't done a video like it
before and I don't think I've even seen
a video like it on you too I mean it's a
very common type of video but it's a
different style of it when you see it
you'll know exactly what I'm talking
about
Evan sitting here watching some videos
and playing that out so good but yeah
and then I was actually glad I didn't
vlog yesterday at all what did i do
yesterday oh I got my nails done
yesterday which um yes it was much
needed still wait what
okay button okay hmm still got white but
I did them a lot shorter and
and yeah you you were going to laugh at
me I had like a mini anxiety attack and
the nail salon because I was about to do
like a pink color but you know I haven't
done anything but white for like a year
over a year it's kind of embarrassing
not gonna lie so I was almost gonna do
it and then I like chickened out I can't
do it I can't get all do watch and like
I feel like they're like they've become
such a signature thing to me so I take
you guys with my day and I hope that you
liked today's Blizz AAG Lee logs
sometimes I say stuff and I'm like
you're so weird
you are really weird look I literally
just had was I know Lina
let's see who's uploaded I said let's
see who's uploaded I said Lupe's see
who's upload it literally this is my
favorite time of the day when I get to
watch youtube videos I get to drink my
coffee and just chill here it is great
okay so we are here at my desk and we're
about to at my makeup
but I could use some like lip balm or
something
so let's Alyssa find that quick on
makeup of the day I guess we could go
with her her foundation I use the Tarte
Amazonian clay foundation I actually got
this recently and I forgot how much I
liked this foundation I feel like it's
really like I don't know it's like a
really really well I use the Urban Decay
Naked skin for my under eye concealer
which is Mike this is like my favorite
under-eye concealer I've ever had it was
the Revlon Colorstay one that everyone
uses I use that one for like three or
four years I use it for so long but then
recently I got this and I'm obsessed
with it top on D contour palette is
still my favorite makeup product of like
like ever oh my gosh I love it so much
and then eyebrows anastasia dipbrow not
trying to brag in any way shape or form
but I feel like really good at eyebrows
lately it's like that be like yeah I'll
flick I think it's obvious that
sometimes I really miss having a makeup
vanity as lately I've really been just
like and just sitting here doing my
makeup but I used to have one I never
used it and then I was just got like
excited to like do it my bathroom lately
I've been out here maybe I'll move my
makeup out here I could put like you
know why I could totally put like
drawers under here or you know I could
even use these drawers honestly I have
like junk in here anyway like I don't
really use these drawers hmmm maybe
we'll do that
I don't know that'd be a get always put
like drawers right there or I can suit
my desk over and put like such a drawer
set right here mmm
look who I'm talking to I I'm in yo
planner - yes they're coming up super
soon hmm um you need of law it's okay
when you're out here on vlog I'll make
you blogs okay get this
we have been sitting here and we've been
talking cuz we tend to Skype and talk
for a really long time but we are
planning out some video planning up some
videos which isn't very exciting so get
excited let me know some video requests
like I want you guys to like think
outside the box be very creative
leave them in the comments is your stuff
you want to see on my channel or if you
can't think of that leave me comments of
stuff that you look things that you like
on my channel like that
we should do more of like I really like
the Coachella video how it's different
and I've just pumped right now and one
like be pump making videos for you guys
and that's why we have these um Skype
dates because could be a every youtuber
should have Skype dates with their best
friend unless you like live in the same
state because hashtag coast-to-coast
prob and it is really shows real cash
Texans there's so many instagrams
there's like MacLeish establishes
completion will get either way is so
funny update I'm so it's actually a lot
later Nikki a nice Skype for four hours
I clearly do not mean for it to be that
long we always Skype for so long yeah
that happens anyways I'm actually going
to switch target because I have to
symbaloo like a don't talk I have some
supplies for this week's video that I
need to get so I'm going to do that
though Ashley it has class so I'm gonna
go by myself target trips by yourself
are not as fun target trips with your
friend or your sister yes but you guys
get it home with me so it's like it's
like we're together I'm not gonna lie I
get crazy looks when I like work out a
camera by myself I'm with other people
no shame by myself I'm like hey guys so
on
yeah not not even kidding we got this 11
actually I should change cuz I'm still
my PJs that's cute
Oh welcome to the closed Alisha in case
you've never seen Oh Frick yeah there's
this there's a stool right there you've
never seen my closet this is what it
looks like nice and messy okay so I left
the sweatpants on although these
actually are Nicky's Nicky I told you
about where these like all the time and
I wasn't like so I figured if I just
change my top and my jacket maybe it'll
look more like put together ya know
maybe so and we got a we got a edgy
ponytail going on not really just like a
regular ponytail why why did I just call
this edgy and like it's not even at all
whatever um any shoes she's a work pain
we are here at Target we are going to
get some books hopefully I find
everything hopefully I don't spend too
much money because you guys know target
target can do that to you targets like
yo comes to me buy everything I don't
like
bathing's it's already everywhere that's
looking very mesh over the door shoe
organizer and I cannot find a mesh one
so that sucks
but hopefully will Marla and I'm have to
look at it dude we got some goodies any
guesses what this video is because this
is kind of a weird video hey guys update
time so it's currently 916 at p.m.
obviously I'm back from Target I happen
for a very long time I think I can do a
really really really quick haul for you
guys although you kind of saw everything
is that I got already got a st. Ives
body scrub to the OB line Neutrogena
oil-free cleanser Kim Simmons shaving
creams I'm a shampoo and conditioner
shower curtain FL this one was super
cute actually kind of really need a new
one cuz I was just like cool Zuffa and
then I got like it's like a wet brush
although it's Conair but ice for the
shower and it has a little hook so you
can like hook it in your shower you can
brush out your hair in the shower if you
get tangles it's actually really helpful
and my conditioner ultra-fast haul right
right so of course I'm like going
through all the aisles because let's be
real that's what you do at Target and
just do that stuff in the book section
and I was singing how I really wanted a
new book to read but I didn't I didn't I
didn't know what to get and then the
next thing I know I'm sitting there for
like 20 minutes reading at Khloe
Kardashian's book now whether you like
the Kardashians or not to just hear me
out I love this book oh my gosh I'm in
the Isle reading it for like 20 minutes
and then I realized wait Alicia you
should just buy it because obviously
it's caught your attention and you are
interested in it so I bought it and it
literally the past like hour I've been
sitting here reading this book you see
this I've already read all of this I
read it so fast so this whole book is
basically her like fitness journey and
just it's so motivating I can't even
help I can't even explain it but long
story short if you've struggled or are
struggling with your fitness journey in
any way shape or form I definitely
recommend like 100% recommend you to get
this book oh my gosh I am obsessed with
it like I'm probably gonna finish it
like tomorrow at this rate let's be real
anyways I think I'm going to start
editing this vlog because I've just been
chillin here and why not literally in a
relationship with my dog because I love
her so much let me love whoop chose me
as her hey hi pretty girl
hi pretty girl I love I love you hey
guys so is now 12:30 a.m. and I'm
plugged in this vlog and say goodnight
see anyways I will see you guys later
and yeah okay bye
