cuz what's up new blog is up everyone go
watch it if you haven't yet yesterday's
vlog was a crazy science experiment
actually not gonna lie like it's it's
kind of cool you actually watch it if
you didn't see it and I've been replying
to some comments Chloe what it's going
oh look at that oh my god
hey guys what is up oh my gosh actually
I know exactly why she's marking the
people below us are actually moving all
morning I've been hearing them like pack
up and stuff and I think she's like like
on alert like what's going on
something's going on
it's okay clothes today has been a good
day it's kind of late already it's
already like the afternoon which is just
yeah
yeah but I did get yesterday's vlog up
and today honestly I have only one thing
on my to-do list and that is to edit the
Coachella collab video it's already I
would say halfway done at least try
stuff quite a bit to do and then
tomorrow I actually have a little more
filming to do and Palm Springs go so so
so exciting if you guys are excited for
that video let me know
thumbs up video let me know in the
comments I'm just I'm so happy with how
it turned out just filmed really
differently and I really I don't know I
just wanted to I don't know we just
really wanted to film it very
differently and like I don't know the
way that like everyone's told me there
but I don't we wanted to change things
up and I am so excited for it anyways
because that is a plan for today we need
to get some coffee doesn't close and you
know what you guys I have not had coffee
in like a week because I've been sick
it's still slightly there like I don't
know if you can hear it I haven't had
coffee like a week which is like weird
for me and I'm so lazy and there's a
Starbucks like not far from me but I'm
definitely going to drive to the farther
one just so I can go through the
drive-thru because I really don't feel
like getting out of the car like I'm
laziness the max today good bye khlo
I'll be back in 10 minutes
just kidding maybe like 15 pins on the
line okay so yesterday I told you it was
like cloudy and cold and whatnot all
randomly what
yesterday and then today it's really hot
again like I literally wore long to
sleep because I was like oh yes she was
cold today probably gonna be a little
chilly too but I checked the weather
yesterday it was supposed to rain today
but it definitely does not look like
it's gonna rain at all today
what stressed out
yeah a week
I haven't had Starbucks oh it's follow
me on snapchat you saw that I are
snapped a picture of a latte or cafe
that wasn't mine that was parents okay
I just I just I was like oh can I still
your latte for a picture oh my gosh my
gosh okay so yesterday I was thinking
about like paying it forward and stuff
me and Ashley and parent we're talking
about it and then I had the thought of
like hey well every time I'm in
Starbucks like the drive-through I
should just pay for this behind but here
in Starbucks in the drive-through so I'm
totally gonna pay for the people behind
me I think there's like it's like two
people in the kids that'll be nice I
don't know if I'm gonna do it every
single time but like I thought that
could be a cool thing but I honestly
don't go through the drive-thru that
often so it's not like it's gonna be
like every single day but yeah I don't
know that's the thing I thought that
should be fun I want to do that hi can I
have a grande iced skinny soy vanilla
latte there we go okay it's going to be
485 okay thank you
not long it just we love it so it should
have something on there meaning
okay can it also pick my car behind me
okay thank you
oh my gosh and it's so good oh my gosh
this isn't so bored so I just made some
lunch we have some Ezekiel tortillas
with grilled chicken some spinach and
then a little bit of some salsa on top
we got some lemon and I'm gonna eat and
probably while I watch some TV I guess
and then I need to edit I've been
procrastinating so much with this video
I needed to start edit it cool shipping
updates
I've been sitting here for the past two
hours fish editing so yeah that's the
only up did have it's currently at 5 and
13 at p.m. what up guys so I'm actually
going to combine yesterday's footage
with today is because I realized I don't
have time to edit yesterday's vlog and
get it up and I think it's pretty short
I'm just gonna combine it I was it's
okay anyways you can probably tell that
I am delete out I am festival out right
now few more clips to film for our huge
collab video so we're going to go to
Palm Springs guess who's here hi John
Murray's here and her hair is purple I
don't know if you oh you should those of
you who watch Ashlee's well channel you
would know her hair it's purple and it's
epic
she's from Palm Springs so I feel like
every time we go just like hey you
should come so yeah anyways we're going
yes go fun gonna be great let's go
okay so you're almost there ah God
updating you guys we got some storm run
it doesn't taste good with my gum at all
so I don't know I just took the but the
Sun is literally setting in like five
minutes and we're supposed to get there
in five minutes
Oh exia let's must be incomplete
hopefully fools afraid it's our song
okay focus focus
oh my gosh you guys we like oh it's like
so bright hold on oh my gosh you guys
okay so we barely barely made it in time
we got some shots and I left my camera
in the car so I didn't vlog while we
were there but I think Ashe Gaza now we
are currently about to get some anomaly
whoa Humber today we're downtown Palm
Springs before we were in Coachella
let's get some good lighting yo hey guys
okay so I just I want to apologize but
this blog has like three days in it but
I figured that's better than nothing
this morning went to the gym did a
little bit of editing got ready now
Ashley and I and actually our friend
Ashley are going to go shoot a fish
which is so exciting I've been craving
sushi so freaking much oh my gosh we're
gonna go there and then when I come back
I'm going to be editing my video that's
going up tomorrow we officially decided
to upload Sunday I just want to say hi
there it is Saturday
and yeah let me know in the comments
what you guys did today like what was
your the highlight of your day mine's
probably gonna be sushi not gonna lie do
is gonna happen today yeah maybe okay so
I totally did not do my hair I just like
let it air dry so don't mind that top is
from Topshop
I got it not too long ago alright I
think a while ago just like oversized
but it's like cropped and stuff my scar
is trimmed free people it's the one that
I wore at UM for the Coachella video
like I dunno where for the longest time
then I wore it for that video and now
I've been wearing it so much I seriously
love it I think it's super cute then my
shoes are Steve Madden and they keep
falling like no other
I always knew gladiators like fell a lot
like they just like slide down so if you
have any tips let me know this one's
good right now that one you can kind of
tell it's like falling yeah anyways
let's go let's go I did I will see you
later
I am so excited for sugar fish right now
I'm super hungry I just gotta see this
picture
damnit you guys should go like it if you
haven't do you member when I showed me
vlogging this and I just put it up 28
minutes ago we're here we're trying
we're about to eat guess where we are
actually this is my first time this is
you
I need to come back here from trying
a rocky road if I wanted English
I got the coconut line and I'm really
excluded milk it early like I feel like
I could sample if it with macaroon we
think we like five for this designed
what I wanted it's really bad there's so
many kids and I think all my campus
have you noticed hi not hey oh my gosh
you guys is update I'm major update time
I haven't blogged in hours is currently
6:21 a.m. I have actually been up all
night literally all night like the Sun
is up and I'm like why she's probably go
to bed now honestly I've been editing
this video for a very long time however
I will say the past like two hour two or
three hours yeah two or three years I've
just been like watching YouTube videos
and for whatever reason like now I just
I felt awake like I was not able to
sleep yeah so let me been up all night
and I was like well I should probably
blog because I haven't vlogged in a
while I was watching a whole bunch of
people's vlogs and it made me in the
mood to vlog I was like I'm going to
miss well because I've been off my Fogg
game lately it's just like this is three
days in one vlog and I normally like to
never do that I feel like my gosh I'm
such a hot mess right now my hair but
yes we have been editing and I am so
excited I guess this video I haven't
worked this hard in a video in a really
long time I felt like I really wanted to
be extra creative like really like I
don't know I feel like with YouTube you
can easily get in funks of like the same
routine of like editing and up like like
oh everything with your channel and
stuff I'm like in this video
I'm like in it's weird because I'm like
not really tired but I know I'm like I
know I'm tired I clearly must be tired I
have to get up in two and a half hours
oh my gosh was given to enough hours for
church because church is at 11 we have
to like get ready for that so I was
gonna get up at 9 I could get up at 9:30
seriously so excited for this video and
it's funny this is the first video in a
really long time that I haven't edited
on my desktop for like anything
literally it's everything's gonna pop
normally I like edit some of it here and
then bring it over there I should go
back and forth between both of my
computers before whatever reason I've
edited like the entire thing on my
laptop it's literally so light outside
it's like not even funny
mmm okay oh my gosh do you see this my
hair I just I don't I like so
better now unless we were on like a
close friendship level that I feel okay
to do this like I don't feel like I
gotta be all done up because I know
we're like super close and yes i
rambling anyways I'm gonna go I hope
that you liked this vlog sorry it was
all like a jumbled mess I hope that you
liked it and I will see you guys with me
book super soon I love you guys okay bye
bye it was beards I'm full word okay bye
mom
