good morning guys what is up and welcome
to vlogmas day 15 oh my god I just I
don't even know our December is going
look at it 15 it is December 15 but oh
wait oh yeah today's a 15 yeah taste
Friday I never know what day it is so I
just got up yesterday's vlog message
that I was up go watch it if you haven't
yet also if you're caught up with all
the vlogs do me a favor and leave a mmm
what what should you comment Oh leave a
Christmas tree emoji in the comments if
you're all caught up with all of my
vlogs because if you are like no true
MVP I don't deserve you guys do too -
there it is vlog mistake 14 so go watch
it yes
makeup is done honestly I feel like so
lazy with my hair but I really should
just like straighten it or something but
yes it made me actually I was saying
about it I was like in the apartment
last year this time for vlogmas I feel
like every single vlog I started out
with the time-lapse of me doing my
makeup makeup it's done oh my god like
things have changed so I don't know like
that feels so long ago so this is
today's a look it's um it's a look okay
I really should head straight my hair
and then we can start filming definitely
need some dry shampoo up in here so
let's do that
yo guys we asked that do I've ever tried
is this living group one it is heaven is
it recording it's recording okay you
guys I got a very very very exciting
package and I honestly I've been one of
someone's calling me I don't know who
you are tell me why I was just thinking
about lush and I was thinking how I
really wanted to go buy more stuff from
there then they send me a package like
woah so let's all right totally think
this is upside down shoot okay oh my god
this is so cute I'm assuming this is one
of their gift sets but maybe not maybe
it's just like a PR thing gifts for
every reason shimmery
I'm so excited alright so we have this
box to intent and if I can open it with
one hand
oh no we're just gonna
ah oh my god it smells so good oh my god
okay oh my god okay so we have Christmas
tingle body conditioner Santa Baby Lips
scrub mother so much stuff uh I'm gonna
take a bath in dog what is this candy
cane rule aid I don't know what this is
Bucks Fizz body conditioner oh it's
orange oh my god yo this smells like
smells like my childhood like a candy or
something oh the bargain body
conditioner is like amazing
bubbly we got a shower gel once upon a
time body lotion yo mmm oh this is so
good I think that's everything I think
it's everything oh my God thank you
lunch I am so excited I most definitely
gonna be taking a bath tonight
oh we got an empty story this wait you
guys wanna see behind the scenes my
insta story ooh oh that's cute that's
cute that's cute
we should do color let's do like a pink
kit boom you guys look where I am I feel
like I haven't been in here in this room
honestly like since summer like
obviously I have feels like I mean other
than the Halloween video I feel like in
the summer we were in here every single
freaking day filming school Isha videos
and back to school videos oh my god it
feels so weird so we're in the studio
today I have a little bit of filming to
do on whiteboard so hopefully we can
just knock that out and get that done I
have it Ashley closing what does that
guys update time it is a little bit
later
currently 634 p.m. I am so sorry that I
did not vlog tbh fell asleep on the
couch then I was stressed about getting
my video doing so I was supposed to film
today and then now we're here currently
headed over to the Grove I'm gonna meet
up with Erin we're gonna get dinner and
do some Christmas shopping because we
were both so behind here's a little OCD
okay jacket is from Urban Outfitters I
wear it all the freaking time so white
shirt is from PacSun and I wear it all
the freaking time choker fingers from
forever 21 pants are from J Brand for
shoes we've got some adidas yeah
my outfit yo so anyways let's go and
we're gonna go to the Grove it's gonna
be able Christmas and I'm so freaking
excited oh my god you guys parking was
the frickin worst ever it took so long
oh man that was an adventure
let me tell you we are
wait you thought I wanted reviews though
oh my god knows shoe game is strong
these are so cute
those are so me yeah oh my god no these
are so yeah work Queen oh my god
Congrats this is amazing from my old
username McAfee b11 I would have been
all about this you guys it is so
freaking pretty here it's just so I wish
they would like change the ball I think
it's always the same way oh yeah I want
to know where they store all this stuff
like during the year still have
Christmas shopping to do don't know what
to go it's loud it's loud oh yeah oh
right
oh my god
what is up guys I just wanted to quickly
end this vlog because I just edited the
vlog that you're currently watching I'm
chilling in Ashley's room right now yeah
I'm just on say bye thank you for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow for
vlogmas day 16 oh my god
it's almost Christmas you guys I'm
really freaking love charms day was so
cool oh my god this packaging you guys
oh my god
