hey guys what is up today is Monday
which totally does not feel like Monday
like whatsoever currently sitting here
at my desk doing my makeup literally
this is my setup right now got my makeup
watching some YouTube videos and yeah
trying to try to get decent if you saw
yesterday's vlog it then you would know
that making Gaby your actual staying
with me and they have shoots most of the
week so they are not gonna be here like
most time during the days just at night
but ya say is actually gonna be a
filming day for me I did not upload a
video this past weekend which most of
you probably realized Leslie after
getting back from Thailand and Japan I
was just so exhausted and I had like no
idea what I was gonna film I didn't want
to put up just like any video because I
really want to be like proud of what I'm
putting up so there was no video this
past weekend but I'm gonna film this
week's video today so hopefully that can
go up like Friday or Saturday I'm really
excited for I think it's gonna be fun
and interesting and yo let's see it's
currently 10:30 a.m. I've actually been
getting up pretty early for those parts
but last couple days curl there and just
finishing my eye makeup and yeah and
yeah see let's put few guns right there
also sorry yesterday's vlog isn't up yet
I thought I should have added it last
night and I quote early didn't I would
edit it right now but I really need to
get ready cuz Ashley has to leave at 3
o'clock so we have like a good couple
hours film and then after she leaves I'm
going to edit and upload yesterday's
vlog so sorry it's getting up late
both yep but you guys let's finish doing
at my makeup and let's find that YouTube
video to watch yo let's do it today
obviously I have already film this video
and it was what do I need corny
guys question eyeliner eyeliner and
makeup is done which is so exciting
anak okay like seriously I feel like for
the past week I haven't really gotten
ready like I did my makeup the other day
but I didn't do my hair and then like it
was just really like change the first
time in a long time where I sat down and
like just took my time getting ready and
it feels so good so good
um yeah anyways let's start filming
let's so crack on the intro hopefully
come as much of this video as we can
today and uh yeah update times we are
filming right now it is currently 117 we
got the intro done we go act like free
scenes I think done fairly halfway but
um it's going really smooth which is
really exciting and I think you guys are
good like it oh my gosh that test is
Wednesday
oh my gosh goes like which redo me oh my
god that test is when say oh my gosh is
that good though yeah you got this
currently editing yesterday's vlog I
know it's late but I'm trying to get it
up for you guys it's currently 346 well
it's not like late but no I'm gonna try
to get my vlogs up in the morning so
billion I feel like I heard like extra
cute today and you know what I actually
did something different I curled it with
a barrel that's smaller than the normal
one that I always like used and I feel
like it's like like it's different I'm
gonna mean Ashley text me instead she
gets out of class early today so I'm
gonna meet her up at star Peter up I'm
gonna meet up with her at Starbucks and
like half an hour ish I'm gonna get this
vlog up before I have to leave that
would be great at least have like most
of it done the cool
hi babe you look so mad at me right now
like mom you woke me up I mean just
getting just like mom you woke me up
that was like yo leo you should actually
like end it so then you can edit it
oh yeah but ya get excited cuz it's
gonna be boy Nicky Gabby and bugs coming
up and exciting things this week we have
been white okay so the vlog is currently
exporting which means saving it like you
have to save it before you upload it to
YouTube in at 7 minutes and 11 seconds
long fast leave vlog is up and I am
officially late to me Ashley so I'm
gonna go I'm bringing my lunch because
I'm that late and yeah okay watch it
alone hello we are getting some coffee
okay so sorry I don't really blog much
in Starbucks I'm actually like in the
parking lot right now governor of a lot
tanks he's really good
is amazing gonna say something oh I also
actually have to film a clip for my main
channel video right now like in the car
insect I just wanted to let you guys
know is that way when you see that Club
you're gonna be like yo I saw that I saw
her I saw when she filmed that and stuff
oh wait this is back here no do they
have like Gabi's suitcase in my car now
he's gonna die I'm gonna go the gym and
like half an hour so I need to go home
change get rid of all that like Khloe
out feed her he thinks don't visit money
people get into question but he's live
in a palace I've got me everything with
me he'd take me - hey guys guess who's
back hi that was actually extremely late
I didn't vlog I was still your blogger
I'm sorry but Nicki Gabi Beck and they
have to leave early again tomorrow I
think we're gonna go shopping around
maybe that could be much this lighting
I don't not look here enough anyways I
want to in this fog I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow and yeah we're
snacking in the kitchen
Lucas mm-hmm bye bye
