good morning guys oh my gosh i'm so i
just i just edison a few it's been like
a week I feel like almost since I've
last vlog but it's so bad I'm so sorry
you didn't know if you don't follow me
on Twitter or of anything else I have
been so sick the past like six days and
it's not even funny like I just I don't
even know what happened but he's the
first year I'm actually feeling like a
lot a lot better yesterday I was feeling
pretty better but I was still really
sick I was even planning on flogging
yesterday but it just like didn't happen
and I was just like really exhausted all
decks day I'm like tired of not doing
anything like literally their words like
two or three days where I just laid on
the couch and watching that books all
day it was so bad I'm currently doing my
makeup here at my desk I was actually
just I being um Nicki for like an hour
so that was fun she had to go and I
probably should go get rid of my day cuz
it's already a lot of clock yep that's
cool I'm snow oh my gosh
you know I actually don't have any plans
today like there's really no reason for
me to get ready but I've just been so
not cute the past like a week or being
sick I just really wanted to get pretty
today as I said that's probably really
sad I just want to like get ready to
change the first day like did anything
to my hair in the longest time like
actually curled it but yeah so let's
finish getting ready and then we can
just I don't know I want to blog that's
what I did yeah um what else
some months oh no no no don't know where
to put go oh my gosh my camera's so
pitiful
fun fact I've been obsessed with this
palette your contour palette
and I am obsessed with it like literally
watch this magic before your eyes I've
been like extra into makeup lately as
you guys know this palette is freaking
amazing I always feel like I didn't know
how to contour really well but this
palette is like actually heaven whoo I
totally should have done like one size
60 like one Saturday there and then
we're gonna do a little
back here for the nose we're gonna do
some blush right there and then I'm just
gonna take this one and highlight the
under eyes heard I would take the widest
line I put that like under my eye oh my
gosh oh my gosh it looks so good okay I
don't know if you can tell but this I is
like so much more awake than this one
and this one has to see learn everything
so magic this one was like nothing oh my
gosh it's like oh oh now I'm gonna do
this add a little handbag Oh boom
goodbye under-eye circles oh literally
you guys are sitting on my mirror right
now so that's why like I keep ducking so
I can see myself in the mirror whole
literally do you see like my under eyes
right now and do you see like this like
contour thing is amazing
see you should get a photo gone do you
ever wonder if like you finished your
makeup you're sitting here like could I
do everything oh I just literally touch
my screen oh I'm gonna hate myself when
I'm editing this video because I'm all
over the place
oh my gosh so much better oh hi pretty
girl
hey boo what's up what I love me
actually she's been like so snuggly
lately and normally she's got and I like
love it she got a haircut
hey rejected look who got a package so I
was walking out the door to take Chloe
for a walk and there was a huge package
outside from where from Urban Outfitters
and I just placed an order from there
the other day so do you guys want to see
what I got oh there's only a couple
things here because the other two things
are being shipped later let me get some
suppose
so the reason why I put order the first
place was because I really wanted a
tapestry I'm so excited for this week's
video it is the epic collapse that we
filmed whoa daijobu black heritage
unboxing I sat right here and I unbox my
gladiators from Steve Madden talking
about the epic plot that was gonna
happen now I'm here I'm not seeing
something else and I'm talking about a
video again but like we already solved
it like us so we really wanted a
tapestry as a background for I part of
this video actually I should film it
today that's what it's supposed to look
like huge I've never had a tattoo shoot
for sure so anyways I got that also
bought two posters but those are coming
later because they weren't able to ship
in two days but the Hagar's for the
posters um okay so so yeah all that I
got I honestly just like really needed
this so oh now I have to decide if I
want to film that bake up heart today
for this video though still out of it
but what if I'm tired tomorrow like I
have to film it what do you think guys
what still you think I think I should
feel what today I really don't want to
I'm rambling I'm gonna edit this out
later so anyways okay yeah yep let's go
okay so I set up the little like
background it's tough for me to film I
baked up part and I'm still like so
moving so slow
I literally have everything ready to go
but I'm still just like I feel so sick
so I don't know like I feel like I
really should stop her and not like
everything set up guess we could start I
don't know
my battery's budging no it was a little
red still in shock so I mean I feel like
having makeup on you know whatever I'm
just this Login everywhere I'm so sorry
currently in 347 and I'm trying to be
productive yeah
oh my gosh you guys okay it is like two
hours later currently 620 and don't mind
it the dots on my face but my vlog
camera battery died okay for our vlog
camera is Ashley and I have three
chargers and four batteries which is
crazy I know but out of all of those we
couldn't find a I couldn't find any of
them
long story short finally found one with
the spare battery so now we're just
missing two chargers still don't know
where they are have no idea that's
looked everywhere but it's okay at least
at least we found one I was about to
like overnight a battery charger except
this is the best angle no this is the
best angle
okay so update time Ashley really wants
to go to the mall I think she like what
there's something she wants to get so I
said I would go I think I would like to
stop by lush but other than that I'm
just going for the ride but yes look
where we are
Tuesday okay let me walk in and see the
cutest dress ever for free people and
I'm obsessed with it that is so that is
so cute I shouldn't buy it but it's so
cute I think I'm gonna think about it
while we're walking around and if I want
it later I reckon it would that like
come in I like shopping at night we
should shop at night more often - hey I
have that now that looks so comfy oh my
gosh so you're currently going to Urban
Outfitters ID by I could've got a lot
oh my gosh Easter already a herb so I
got a candle and a bralette that I'm
really excited about how she left me
there we go alone
so did somewhat damaged antlers maybe
I'll show you guys a haul today that can
be fun
where to next
gym clothes oh that's why we can't I
told him we came here for a reason I
forgot what it's Junko
okay so just go to Sephora and I got
some stuff there guys you brought me
here look at that
like lavender can you see what she does
to me she's like looking at it because I
know year I am Jen you know I will not
let myself by anything else excited I
got so many blush goodies I'm so excited
to like use those to it 99% of
everything I got stays like skin care
stuff I'm just so excited
I thought these skins like not been cute
lately I'm excited to wash my face
hello hi hello okay so actually when
it's cute this lighting is horrible I
look disgusting
ash I want to succeed so she's modeling
for pair number one do we like it so
there's no company ecologic squat I
thought of number two it's kinda hard to
see though it sounds like good to ashes
like you should go I was like this blog
yeah going around babe ah right for me I
don't think I've ever blocked it from
you every time we go over railroad
tracks we have we scream Rae row as in
like railroad but like railroad over to
like random we loved our feet okay
driver is allowed to keep their foot
awesome yes first what guys do you want
to halt maybe let's do it we went to
urban we went to lush and we would to at
Sephora figured I'd show you guys that I
got to make up for my lack of vlogs
lately and yes so first off with the
Urban Outfitters office and like three
other colors but it was my first time
seeing a light purple one and I love
purple so I really wanted to get this
just cute then I awesome and then I got
this candle and wanting this one for a
really long time that's everything that
I got from urban urban warfare condones
like that
urban flush okay so I kind of I don't go
crazy it's only for things but for watch
like that it can get really expensive
but I got to be comforter a shower cream
this like smells heavenly the reason why
with salons I really wanted a face
moisturizer like I got the and Perry
Ellis imperialists like lavender Ennis
I'm excited for now I forgot I got this
this Turkish Delight is a shower
smoothie which it's really cool okay I
think it was one of their Valentine's
Day ones I'm not sure it was like my
roses
and what they do in a sample of cold
face and it's funny because I actually
was thinking about getting this so then
they doing a sample and I was like yo
that's actually really cool then I also
got dream clean a tree of Queen dough so
dream cream of Hand and Body Lotion so
inside it so this is like their
bestseller apparently yeah got that also
everything that I got from lush last but
not least is Sephora I wanted to try
this out for so long
I don't know I'm gonna try it out if I
don't like I'm gonna return it the girl
told me she was like you can totally
return if you don't like it okay
it's to use with your face when there a
lot of people like it better than the
Clarisonic I really want to try this one
out so I got it was kind of expensive
but I got it and I'll let you guys know
I like it hopefully you make my skin
look flawless and then it was time for
new with Beauty Blender so I got that
insanity beauty blender cleanser and I'm
gonna shower with all my showered
goodies Oh yum yum why are you sitting
up there ash we have a beautiful time
table that no one uses I use it all the
time I will say it is kind of it's kinda
nice having your food raised like this
oh hey guys so I just edited this video
right now and I'm so proud of myself
because it's a long slog and it's been a
while since I've had a long vlog it's
currently 11:59 p.m.
so it's almost midnight and I will see
you guys tomorrow with a new vlog
anyways I'll see you around I love you
fight Oh peace out yo
