hey guys what is up oh my gosh it's been
a few days since I've last logged in
like three or four days maybe 840 Sunday
with last day of August really bad so
sorry I've been gone I tried film a
couple days earlier this week and then
something with my schedules like did not
work out and then on top of it yesterday
I woke up with a sore throat and I still
feel horrible actually feel worse today
so I think I'm gonna be sick
probably hear it my nose is like myth
which sucks so bad I'm trying my hardest
today to film the last few shots I need
for this week's video which speaking up
I'm so sorry about that it was it was
supposed to go up last week and it just
didn't and then it was gonna go up like
Tuesday or Wednesday and then it didn't
then and then I was like why - we'll
just wait till Friday yeah so I'm like
literally so mad at myself and I
couldn't get it up any sooner it was my
fault
my phone so sorry but the good news
today you're watching this there is
gonna be a blog up I can't talk to my
gosh good news the day you're watching
this is going to be a main channel video
up so be sure to check that out
if you haven't yet also I haven't ever
like announced my upload schedule and I
know like a lot of you guys wonder when
I upload but I kind of settle on the
weekend so every single weekend a video
will be up if there isn't a video up
I'll let you know on this channel or on
Twitter for sure to follow me on there
backloading alicia marie
yes oh my gosh even just talking and all
that got me like out of breath I'm so
tired and exhausted I feel like but I
wanted to box a because because I missed
a week of uploading and I haven't been
vlogging recently if you guys have any
like cold remedy things let me know in
the comments like anything you swear by
that helps because I don't know right
now it's like on my head I feel like
it's the start of it being I don't know
I'm just exhausted I feel like like
bling cool so we are filming and yes K
is Friday total chasers a duck products
I'm uploading credit oh my gosh I'm so
sorry hey his vlogs gonna be weird
just a weird vlogger yourself Aziz yeah
my guys wanna what if we have logged
from this every every vlogger like
blogged at this ankle like this was just
the norm like hey guys what up like
there would be no such thing it's double
chance that's surgery mmm oh oh did you
much better
puffs are the best tissues ever pops
with lotion or the Pops of the Vics are
like hella good too yeah anyways oh oh
my nose a little red of Rudolph's
why are we so cute little one hey love
me love me oh love me love me she's like
ooh ha ha ha ha lovely and we're off to
target every but they're so long with
not even kidding I think I haven't been
there since before our trip and like us
know me on their all time it's like all
the time oh the makeup I'll even though
I don't think any make about you see
makeup wipes what do you need a lip
liner how to create ombre lips hmm is me
I can't find a mascara once I was like
if you're like plain mascara wands I
think I'm just gonna go up to like would
you hear that I think I'm gonna have to
go to Sephora or something or like old
touches like grab some thank you goodbye
then I know that you felt like a solid
food food okay so far I got makeup wipes
because I ran out and you guys noted
Gina's like Marv Albert then we also got
some high demands are coming ones and
they're like heaven love them they're so
good I hope think I need that much
eyelids oh tissues duh mmm threes my
fame Oh
yes oh my gosh oh my gosh yes we need
them and now now I got mine Ashley
because I kind of lost her
so the let's find her I stabbed her
found you I got tissues just looking at
the home decor section even though I
don't need anything from the home decor
section for just that Kim like those
those are so cute I really like that and
that's cute
and that's cute mMmmm
just kidding we have enough at home we
are back my nose so runny huh I gotta
open wait open ha ha open the puffs oh
yes best friend for the next couple days
so it's currently 4:37 p.m. and i'm
going to try to finish editing this
video just for the next like hour - baby
I think I'm gonna have like a chilled I
honestly I might like take a bath and it
takes a bed acid' watch like Harry
Potter or something that sounds good but
speaking of who are that there's gonna
be a new book that's exciting that is
very exciting
I wanna go be a new movie but yes that's
what I'm gonna do right now oh I feel
like crap mom really also my room is a
wreck that's fun I have a lot of
cleaning to do
but I don't feel like it so I'm probably
not gonna clean today maybe tomorrow I
don't know if it's what time to like
work through I don't know I don't I
don't know I don't I don't I don't I
don't know and waiting for all my clips
to end board so I can start editing come
on come on computer you can do it
micarta is full I have a 64 gig memory
card and it's actually full what is life
apparently I need to delete stuff
Clemenceau delete stuff right after I
import all this
yeah little you've been here for the
past like four hours I think I've wash
like five ups no probably more than that
I don't even know didn't edit anything
on my main channel video but I did just
edit this vlog up until this point so
that's productive
oh yeah beautiful that's not true
and there's stormtroopers Hey
I feel like this vlog shows the not so
glamorous life of leisure Murray just me
doing laundry
how is this interesting I don't know let
me know woo yeah watch Harry Potter
Deathly Hallows Part 1 boat
