that'll mean
I don't
but I know
morning guys and welcome to a you
traveling blog not gonna lie actually
really like traveling blogs there's in
my favorite I woke up not too long ago
but we are currently about to leave our
apartment in Japan and head back to
California not gonna lie I'm kind of
excited gift sure I was like no I don't
want to leave but now that like we're
actually leaving it kind of excited Oh
coffee and tea right everywhere now and
we literally walk around first so I'm
trying to find somebody but we found a
really good place and I'm really excited
about just gosh the iced latte we're all
so tired
oh yes so have some eggs and toes and
this little fella thing and honestly
it's really good got my latte like you
saw it's all backlit cuz it's like fine
here we go on our way home wait for it
wait for it man you look cute what are
you look cute you're happy
no not even you actually really really
cute the Hat the suitcase and there's me
shakes off fashionably cute I'm just
yeah I might like Murr for the next how
long we're literally traveling for the
next 15 hours good bum long as our
layover we have a layover in Osaka for
so I just realize they have like a
three-hour layover I was working on like
15 hours of traveling that's like a long
time that Isaac wait we have a long way
over not such well these as long she'll
be interesting then hopefully we just
got some snacks and souvenirs for cats
harrowed yah yah yah okay thank you
here we go first light
wishes football
for tonight yeah
we landed in Okaka and we have three
hours for next flight which foot
beauxbatons okay we currently get some
food we decided to have a very American
meal and we got McDonald well I guess
it's global whatever you don't I'm
saying so bomb so we're gonna amp so
good right now I'm so hungry
dude this Airport is literally so nice
Japan knows what's up there ports are
like beautiful unlike ours just got
through customs and now we are headed to
our gates
yeah
get my vanilla latte added a little
honey because that's my ma thing lately
and we are headed to our gate to find
where we need to go
so many nice stores we are currently at
our gates waiting to board our flight
back home oh man I'm so excited
apparently just me is blogging me
vlogging also totally stocked up on
snack I got a sandwich from Starbucks
earlier for later in the flight I got
some popcorn I got some Garrett popcorn
because this stuff is literally the best
and they don't have it everywhere I
actually had it when I went to Chicago
and it's amazing so I got it it's the
caramel and cheddar one Jules and then
those are snacks for Kit Kat I was doing
a haul but then I realize there's only
two things I was like I never mind I
might do a haul for you guys do you want
to see yesyes oh yeah oh yes so much oh
yeah yeah like a freak this whole thing
is Oh get ready it doesn't look like
sorta no we're ready we're ready
oh the popcorn
two popcorns with their Z I'm sorry
Conner's needs and at Lincoln
here we go
part
hey guys so we were back at the
apartment and I'm so sorry I haven't
vlogged since the last thing you saw
let's really um actually and I have
slept like all day my parents ended up
coming off to drop off Chloe hi me did
you miss us
yeah yeah she's here you guys I missed
her so much
that was nice you got dinner with them
and then after that we fell back asleep
watching One Tree Hill now I'm kind of
awake although it's like 11:00 or
something I'm gonna try to go to bed so
that way I can get back on um
schedule with sleeping here with like
the time changing stuff want to end the
vlog sorry it's a little shorter but I'm
actually really excited to be vlogging
back at my apartment I have a lot of
cleaning and organizing to tomorrow
hi pretty girl oh here let's take off
your collar Oh dad right my gosh I love
you I missed you so much
you need to go to the groomers anyways I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
vlog I love you so so so much I don't
think he likes these trouble log and
I'll see you guys later bye
