you
a road that'll mean
I don't sing
but I know
hello world how are you this is such a
random place to be doing an intro for a
video but I able
poor block anyways I forget I don't know
if I'm it's combining this with
yesterday's footage I didn't get much
footage so I'm sorry about it but we
actually did a shoot with Ausmus it's
really fun as we had like a pamper
session we got free time remember how
does break down my life before we got
lashes and we go to eyebrows sighs that
was exciting
yes I'm like I'm gonna hand out guys
what is what it's like and I currently
adopt you go in the mall and we're gonna
get some accessories because tonight we
leave for Palm Springs
oh it's Lyman dope you're gonna be
filming an epic video out there so
excited it's gonna be really fun I know
them all do that I realize have a flock
in today so I wanted to vlog because um
yeah I wanted to vlog all so I got some
new makeup yesterday we see this cleft
we're going I'm like kinda proud not
gonna let also I'm literally bumming it
like no other my hair is just like I'm
just like hugely great shirt roll it and
then sweat pants
Birkenstocks like
yep humming it oh heck yes we're
shopping looking like bone
leggo this is cute this is so cute I
guess you probably won't trade on it
might be too long it's funny because
I've never had that problem but I see
how it would be probably finding so much
stuff already best friend goals you in
camera we did with Beauty Oh God good
where are we going back separate yeah
that's where I can afford it right right
right so they can literally just about
so much jewelry yeah forever 21 got some
goodies we're officially leaving them so
short got some stuff it's beautiful or
afternoon imagine I'm wearing Alicia's
bra fun fact of life yeah and the kid in
bed a grande I squeeze one hell of a
party
forget in the base place close out the
bar great oh we're still we have to go
to doggy mom was say we got a gobby blog
camera takeover with actually free
channel we are here in Palm Springs I
don't know how much she's told you I'm
not your mom your ironing oh this is
such a pleasure and an honor here in
Palm Springs you're working on a collab
video for Alisha and niki and gabi and
center obvious and I'm going to be doing
behind the scenes vlogging I'm going to
be showing you guys a little bit of the
behind the scenes stuff so you guys can
participate and be here and everything
before the actual video comes out can we
take a moment to appreciate Alicia's
makeup oh Allah toriel good get excited
get excited
for behind the scenes because look so
cute forward way that's really cute shut
up here you wouldn't dare I will find
our video she's very professional but I
hope even robbery or anything I've ever
met yeah so we're coming excel at
mechanikat's about this it's me Sierra
fennekin Gabby what's up it's really hot
if I don't wanna throw at me I get me
hit a reset yeah we're about right here
so I might like if you like gently like
touch your face yeah
hey guys I'm so sorry I feel like this
vlog is all over the place which kind of
sucked but um it can be good prize we
are filming and it's so much fun
and if you gotta cut it look at the pool
and one common bring forgot his book
wait everyone uh I got meeting over you
have enjoy we're gonna do it I'm gonna
dream on yeah I mean no sign of get we
literally like bond over this we just
act like awkward ball I'm going to show
you why I'm so sweet oh yes work work
are all what are we dealing guy casually
sunbathing this is my room with Nikki oh
my gosh it's so pretty do you see like
the work the wall it's not so gorgeous I
wish my room actually was like this room
gold guys I'm a little messy but we see
they have all of our outfits accessories
and everything's like laid out here yeah
this is our room I'm gonna give you guys
like a mini house to ur because this
place is so so cute also here is my
outfit I'm sure you've already like seen
it but um yes you also wait for the
video to see an outfit of the day with
everything on buffs get excited um we
got a bathroom over here we have my copy
right here which is going to heat up
because I'm definitely want some more
and here we have another bedroom down
this way we have the front door
the kitchen here's all of our snacks
because you gotta have snacks and then
here's the living room and dining room
and everything everyone say hi hey again
so we're going move it looks like a face
oh my god yay I'm hanging up a number
two okay housing over in jail okay we're
gonna film like me and T are getting
ready with all the accessories that are
over here oh so cute isn't this so cute
so we're going to get some shots of us
getting a glam okay okay so you're
currently I'm out getting some lunch and
we look ridiculous oh we finally got
some food we're all so hungry ha ha ha
okay we just got filming I'm like our
scenes were really cool and now you're
going changed my life outfits or they
look like the next outfit I happy
um chi-x a palm trees Bari Doab in meals
Haram poppy windmills and Palm Springs
that's how you know you're here
when mrs. humphreys dad tell you now
you're here but it's not you're not our
secrets but that we're gonna lining is
so much better this way
good to meet you now you're beautiful
really trying to find decent lighting
hey guys so we are going to go to bed
nikki is here
yeah it's currently 12:30 1:00 a.m.
actually fell asleep on the couch for
like two hours because that's what I do
every single night anyways um it's not
in a song I hope that you liked it and
that you're excited for our upcoming
collab so excited so excited releases
like we looked at the footage is being
you too full beautiful abs anyways hello
guys this is so much I'll see you
tomorrow with new vlog and yeah
ye Hwa sick
