good morning no Kramer's gone literally
favorite creamer in the world go get it
Oh
you know there's I'm not sure I just
want coffee and there's other days where
you need coffee today is a neat coffee
day but like yeah and woke up at like
8:00 what's up guys morning how are you
day is Tuesday stays Tuesday currently
10:15 a.m. has been up for a couple
hours now niki and gabi had a meeting so
they left early I feel like we're like
roommates
I feel bad also some not really vlogging
much you'll see them later so funny we
were joking that we collect we're
roommates because we like they always
come over at night we spend the night we
catch up on our day and then like they
leave in the morning it's like so funny
and it's weirdly like it's like it I
love it I kind of look like a man this
morning like oh man oh man I get it man
man yeah wanna want a PJ outfit of the
day jackets is actually alie Sean's if
you guys a few if you know what I'm
talking about especially girls night in
anyone who came to our tour knows
exactly what I'm talkin about
this is his got it from Target like 10
bucks it's so comfy like love it and
then I'm wearing a Victoria's Secret I
think it's technically like a sleeping
dress but long torso probs so it's kind
of a shirt for me and then some
sweatpants and fuzzy sucks
because fuzzy socks are like I'm comfy
Chloe what are you doing in Nicky stuff
huh she was so upset when they left she
was having like a tantrum cuz they had
to leave now you're smelling Gabby stuff
cologne monday I see you I also decided
that I need somewhere to put my camera
here at my desk so it can like talking
up like a tripod like right here would
be perfect
but my computer is right there and we
can't do that Mimi oh I'm scared as good
as fall but not only that I'm scared
this whole board is gonna fall so yeah
excited that I need something to put my
Moluccan on anyways I think I'm going to
edit a little bit yesterday's video all
the footage that we got I have most
today free honestly so I think I'm going
to try to film a couple more scenes for
this video so I can get it done or at
least edit
like completely what I have son
literally back in the exacting spot I
was at yesterday morning I'm at my desk
doing my makeup and I was just reading a
comments on my new vlog that I put up
this morning so it's kind of weird like
deja vu because I'm sitting here and at
that point I'm sitting here talking the
vlog that's me vlogging do you know ii
mean kind of weird kind of boiled deja
vu
no I don't have any way to put this
sucks until you're having balancing on
my water bottle right now I like
something that's like that that big so
hopefully doesn't fall can I getting a
late start on getting ready it's 12:40 I
mean at least like I've done stuff I've
been editing I got my vlog up
makeup is done but a tall hair actually
isn't done um I slept with it in a bun
yesterday and it's not gonna lie it's
kind of greasy so I'm gonna put some dry
shampoo in it it just is rocking that
like messy look but I'm kind of liking
it I don't know I feel like my hair is
very like Tori Kelly is right now just
like big and my cool and I don't like it
though it's just some dry shampoo net
yeah gettin voluminous up in here oh why
are you so cute oh oh
pretty look what Lita got almost Nick
you know it's a good day when the UPS
man comes and drops off a package that
says Steve Madden on it yeah oh my gosh
I feel like I haven't done like an
unboxing video for you guys in a while
because of my trip and so let's get some
scissors I was cute until I put dry
shampoo on it now it's like a little too
much for me oh oh yeah okay so I ordered
a pair of sandals from Steve Madden the
other day because this week we were
filming a video and I was thinking that
it would be perfect to have sandals
these specific sandals for this video so
I paid for like two day shipping
okay so we have it this box honey any
guesses any guesses
oh and I kind of coupon online that was
like 20% off so they're normally 100 and
I got them for 84 bucks
oh and it would have been free shipping
if I didn't do the two-day shipping but
I like had to do that to make sure it
would come in time huh I got gladiator
sandals that you can totally not tell
what they look like right now because
the laces are all like tied and I've
never had any I've always wanted some
and it was just time it was technically
really good quality tea I was filming
laces and I'm not a demo huh
yeah I feel bad and like trying to show
you guys they look like but it's kind of
like impossible to show you you look
like this okay so look like this and the
top part like sit with top right bottom
part top of your phone you notice things
get ready for the most epic collab
you've ever seen before ever I'm
throwing it out there now I have
pressure to make it amazing I've seen a
lot of comments my recent vlogs but
knowing that Nick and Gabi are down
there like a is a collab gonna happen
you bet a collab is gonna happen
yeah so I'm super super excited about
the shoes I hope they fit pray that they
fit because and that would suck I didn't
show you this this morning but my vlog
is up so definitely go watch that with
you haven't and also I don't know if you
guys notice but there has been a little
bit of a change to this channel some
people aren't happy about it others are
really happy about it it's kind of kind
of mixed feelings I officially switch my
vlog channel name from vlog baby 11 to
Alicia Marie vlogs I like I have gone
back and forth with this so much over
like the past year and a half not even
kidding obviously you know my main
channels Alicia Marie and if you didn't
know this but before I had it Alicia
Marie it was actually Matt baby 11 so I
wanted to change it um so I wanted to
keep it because it was like my original
username but at the same time I feel
like I've grown so so much in my channel
and who I am recently felt like it was
time to officially change it to Alicia
Marie vlog and it just makes sense
because my main channel is a shimmery my
Twitter is now Alicia Marie I just felt
like it was finally time so rest in
peace vlog maybe 11 but not to this
channel because I love this channel so
much and like I I don't know like
starting a vlog channels one of my big
like best decisions I think I ever made
like I love my wok channel so much I
love talking to you guys
officially and on a channel on the
channels that that username is I retired
it
oh hey hi vlog babies this is Gabi
mm-hmm yep and um Alicia you're gonna
put this in your next move
I'll make sure hmm cuz you know Emily
want oh yeah so I'm an awkward mom or no
no I'm wearing my pants really up high
