morning guys what is up it is currently
like nine something but fact I was
actually asked like 5:30 in the morning
for whatever is ice which tells like the
jet lag and time change difference from
traveling and stuff I was a wide awake
and so was Ashley I like I woke up and
she was wide awake twos I've been up
since then so I'm probably gonna be
really tired later today but I really
wanted to blog today I actually uploaded
a vlog this morning so that went up and
yes currently raining right now
which is really excited and then another
thing and that is really exciting is I'm
currently getting a new bed today will
not be bad but a new bed frame I have an
order coming the supposed to deliver it
any second right now I'm really excited
I'm getting a new bed frame and also a
huge like bookcase thing to go right
here in this corner and then I'm gonna
get a new bed frame and I'm really
excited because then I can actually put
stuff under my bed finally so here's my
mattress and then here's the box frame
but actually need to get rid of that I
can oh hi B we are dirty because it's
raining outside and it's muddy oh yeah
like I said the bookcase is gonna go
there and yeah also if you didn't see my
DIY tumblr room decor video then you
would not know about this but I have a
whole new like a desk set up that I'm
really loving so definitely go check out
that video yeah but yes I'm really
excited to kind of get my room and I
feel like after that it'll be mostly
done like completely done
Chloe looks a little in this big room at
a time I did my makeup as you guys can
tell and I'm actually really really
bummed so they came and they delivered
the bookshelf which is in the box so I
have to like finish doing that but I
came to do the bed which I love it but
apparently the footboard was defective
now take that back which means I
probably won't get it for another week
honestly it usually takes a while to get
a delivery schedule so I'm really bummed
about that I'm like really sad like
really sad I was really hoping but to
finally be here but I do love the
headboard AdWords right here ok so this
is the headboard and then obviously it's
missing the footboard and then not all
those like going between stuff but at
least I like the wood like I really like
the bed it's all like a lot I like it a
lot a lot oh no I'm so sad so that
really sucks so bad so I guess I'm just
gonna have to like put my matches down
in the middle of my floor until that
comes but if you guys can picture it
that's what it's gonna look like
bookshelf is in this huge huge box right
here so let's um let's see if I can put
that together they said I had to do
something I think I just have to put
like two parts together no no I am sorry
oh let's suppose find out oh no yeah so
I finally got all the parts out but the
problem is is I tried to do step one and
honestly I'm kind of confused I couldn't
get this drawer out of here and like
that's the first thing you have to do I
think I'm just gonna wait browser to get
home which sucks because that means
nothing really got done but I wanted to
get done but anyways this is it this is
what it's supposed to wait for it that's
what it's supposed to look like um once
it's finished look what I made oh all by
myself - all Bhama
so all by myself oh oh my gosh yeah I'm
seriously so excited like I ran out of
this I took a while to build it but it's
good it's so do I have to
love it like it's prettier in person
than online like it looks so much more
like nicer in person I feel like if
anything like the quality is real I
don't know it's just super cute and then
we have a drawer right here you can take
these out but I think I'm just gonna
leave that I don't know maybe I'll be
them whatever I do really want to change
this because everything else in my room
is silver so I'm gonna probably change
the hardware for this nah Jordan not
what does this hand handle I cannot wait
to decorate it just like the shelves
outside or outside in the living room so
we got that and then the bed which will
be here I know can you guys picture it
hopefully you can but yes um obviously
you know that whole story yay what up
she's just chillin I'm washing my sheets
and stuff so obviously I put all my
bedding out here pretty cool oh we're so
cute I can't
thankee our baby we love her so we were
gonna play Mario Party and fun fact it
takes good like 30 minutes to download a
game did you know that uh not till now
it makes sense
but like in my head I thought it was
gonna be instant you know it's not like
you have to go buy the game is just like
it was here I'll click on it maybe the
Starbucks anyways as you guys heard um
we decided to play Mario Party I'm so
excited for decided forward planet but
that's currently downloading and yes
stomp in my day I don't I yeah also I'm
gonna be filming tomorrow I'm gonna make
myself I'm tomorrow but I don't know
exactly what I'm filming so I'm hoping
today that I can figure out exactly what
I want to film tomorrow so it's just
like yes get it done everything good
good good go into the face place the Sun
came up up phase
that's the Starbucks coffee means the
definition is baseless what do we want
some day what do they want from debt
yes
also huge set up to amber I'm not sure
if you're watching this but you're
really awesome not only does she work at
Starbucks which automatically makes me
walk work she's also a viewer she
watches my videos and she totally gave
me a free Starbucks and she did not have
to do that it was so sweet and literally
made my day so it just made me so
excited and like really happy and um yes
Thank You amber you are amazing and I
greatly appreciate this and I appreciate
you playing some Mario Party oh no no -
please tell us what your game strategy
is oh my my game strategies give
additional control wise yeah yeah oh yes
I missed this we used to play like video
games all the time right now update you
for late but I realized I forgot to show
you guys what my bed looks like even
though the headboard is our the
footboard is not here and guess who's
had wait do people know you're out yeah
people died really bad vlogger Oh Nicky
Gabby's here too
bu9 and my niggas like crazy mine's
disgusting don't even worry be like I'm
like so out of it
I'm sorry I'm like vlogging I want to
signal ex-nun Oh way I'm getting makeup
you'll see you're gonna my gosh oh oh
Andrew aunty I'm her godmother I've met
me gabion two godmothers or did God man
Oh Chloe loves them she doesn't do this
with me who you surprised gasps so yeah
I just wanted to end this vlog before I
start I was thinking actually I should
edit bog that was like yo Leah you
should actually like end it so then you
can edit it so yeah it's get excited
because it's gonna be more niki and gabi
and vlogs coming up and exciting things
this week we have been like like so
excited so I'm going to kill ya I've got
to take off fashionable camera makeup
because it'll do yeah i thoughtwe edsel
and subscribe okay so I'm gonna say
goodnight I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow with new vlog okay baby my
baby my huh
