good morning guys welcome to our next
Thailand vlog today we are currently
about to go on a ship where the island
getting on boat comes mama
so we just got to Kylie Lagoon and we're
gonna go swimming
you
so much fun in the water in four
amazing scary right now doing
snorky
me to the scene we gotta let the music
play this life is done mystery
we got some lunch they're currently on a
pee-pee dawn y'all are insecure don't
know what for
hey Lisa where's your ball camera
I'm an hour
Kitely drinking a coconut on the beach
I see guys who are currently at maya bay
and this is their last stop in the tour
and we're headed back to the hotel so
I'm not gonna lie I'm kind of excited to
go back because I'm so hot and tired I
think we all have like a headache
YouTube but it's so pretty here I want
to show you guys the sand is like powder
they're so nice that not so pretty this
whole place is gorgeous I love it here
so I got really good pictures and I'm
really happy with how earlier we went
snorkeling and I have five @w she
doesn't like swimming fish so I told him
I mean I like it's not that bad but I
can get anxiety real easy with it they
were a big that was the sad part I was
the real bad part they weren't even big
at all oh my god he's like I said we're
gonna go meet up with me and Tiffany
they were laying out in the Sun and now
we're headed back to the pier of where
we first came and we're going to go back
to Thailand is seriously so gorgeous
hey guys we were back in the hotel and I
don't like we are so tired I look
exhausted and I feel exhausted but we
have like an hour and a half before we
have to check out so we're going to all
shower and pack up and then head to the
airport so tired and exhausted oh my
gosh real quick but it was so much fun
today I really recommend doing like an
island tour if you're ever in Thailand I
will warn you it was very exhausting
like I had a lot of fun but right now
I'm just so because it was a long day I
was like 8 hours is a really long day
and I'm gonna import some photos that we
took today so I can look at those and
for whatever reason my vlog had trouble
uploading while we were gone so I'm
trying again Oh blue works even though
it's like 2:00 a.m. at home one aim it's
almost 2 a.m. blog is up and I actually
added this one there's a part in it
where I edited it a little more like
artistic and stuff I don't know I just I
just have a little more fun editing it
than my normal vlogs so definitely go
watch that it's like it turn is there I
like it whatever okay yeah and they were
I miss them oh that was so much fun
those are my favorite things we did for
sure anyway it's up and I am clean
because I took shower like I said it was
going to oh my gosh I feel so much
better and now we have a like half an
hour to pack up this mess of a room is
so messy update time to Ashton Air
currently at dinner Tiffany and me at 8
while we were taking a shower because we
only have like an hour for all that's to
shower and get out of our room so now we
are eating and I'm so excited we got
like the perfect little table it's so
cute with the most gorgeous you ever
look at the we have we're gonna have
dinner with a V you
so pretty we could watch the sun's it
balloon oh my gosh
I got pad tat where we both got pad thai
sweetie
dinner with a view this looks so
gorgeous oh my gosh oh my gosh I can't
and we got mango sticky rice lives
coming soon sedid Siri sister date so
good hey guys so update I'm I'm we are
now back in Bangkok I actually like
slept the whole flight and just I don't
think I even blogged anything revolving
that Airport whatsoever I know I
mentioned that we had to fight to cat
since we're here tonight and we leave
for our next country tomorrow so get
excited for tomorrow's vlog find out
where we are going and yes anyways if
you want to end this vlog I hope that
you liked today's vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow okay bye
