good morning everyone
what is up welcome to the vlog as you
can probably tell we already put on some
makeup today is Saturday and it's
actually gonna be a busy Saturday but a
chill Saturday
I still haven't filmed the video that's
going up literally tomorrow which by the
time that you see this it'll already be
up so it is ready for it ready for it
well you already know most of you
probably now this week's video is the I
tried filming links makeup tutorial and
I asked you guys on Twitter who you
thought I should do and I cannot tell
you there was so many requests to do
Jeffrey star and James Charles I was so
torn so I'm gonna be doing Jeffrey star
but if you guys really liked the video
let me know and I can do another version
maybe I'll do James or someone else so
that could be fun I've never done a
video like this I feel like within this
past week is when I really noticed it
everywhere on YouTube I have no idea who
officially started the trend I should
try to look that up I know the first
person I saw to do it was the gabbie
show I don't know if she made it I have
no idea but yeah I am so excited so I
still have to film the entire video
that's going up tomorrow it's okay we
got it so it's gonna be a busy day but
at least we'll be home all day we're
gonna sum it we're gonna edit it it's
gonna be good of course you guys know
meme I like going full out so I really
wanted this video to be a little more
than just me sitting down and doing a
makeup tutorial so I really wanted to
show me going out and buying any
products that I need and kind of more of
the whole you know the whole thing we're
gonna do that I think we're gonna go to
Sephora we'll come back here from this
tutorial edit it it's gonna be good I
don't know how you're gonna look really
good or it's gonna look really really
bad I feel like there really isn't an
in-between anyways here's my outfit of
the day so this tracks you I literally
worth the other day I did a boomerang on
my Instagram story of it and it's from
dolls kill I've had this for so long but
I honestly kind of forgot about it and I
wasn't sure if it would like fit good
and then the next thing I know I put it
on the other day and I was like wow well
you know you should have been wearing
this a long time ago so it's super cute
yeah that's when dolls kill this pink
strapless shirt is from brandy melville
I'm wearing the necklaces that I steal
from Ashley yesterday we did the braids
again because I took out mine from
yesterday and they were a hot mess so
this was kind of the only hers all I
could do today then
shoes the fact that I'm not wearing my
puma or Adidas shoes has a lot we're
rocking the Nikes shout out to them from
their event yesterday
anyways we gotta go because I have so
much to do so let's go I need to grab
all my crap though
good good good going to the bass plays
and I get a usual the Grande I have a
grande iced soy latte with vanilla
sweetener y'all okay the Lord oh it
feels like summer I had Starbucks every
single day and we're going to the mall
oh yeah okay so we just got to the mall
and we're headed to Sephora we're gonna
go see if we can get some of the same
makeup products that Jeffrey used in his
video I know I'm not gonna have
everything in touch because I don't have
any of his products yes so let's go
let's see what we can find here we go we
got the coffee
okay foundation is lemare the soft fluid
with Chanel powder
hate them all on Saturday we just got on
the makeup
I'm so excited from this video oh my
gosh can we please see black panther
yeah tonight oh no tomorrow hopefully
are better I really gotta edit tonight I
have heard it's so freakin good
I really want to see it if you've seen
it let me know how it was no spoilers
let me know how it was okay we're good
we're gonna go home and we're gonna film
is a makeup tutorial we're back home
look who's here babe I love you
hello she's like um mom you're
embarrassing me anyways update time I
believe it's it is currently 352 p.m.
it's a little later I am really shocked
that I'm just now starting to film a
little nervous because I feel like
there's a lot to do
luckily I think because it's a makeup
story I won't take too long but I am
still a little nervous right now my
video would normally be almost done for
editing and I haven't okay so the other
day I went on YouTube to watch YouTube
videos like do you guys we're in the
studio you guys I am shook what the
Frick like my lips look so good
that's the only thing that looks good
but I've even that like dang this is a
look oh my god I'm so glad we filmed it
in the studio we haven't filmed a video
in here no one time this is crazy oh my
god I forgot I still have to finish
something ah she's like come on hurry up
yeah
I'm with this angle this angle I can't I
can't I can't I can't
oh my god ass this makes me wanna do
more makeup stuff like this was fun
Oh oh my god oh my gosh okay this was so
fun to film
I honestly a thousand percent serious
but I was think about doing this video I
was like you got this Alicia this is
like pretty easy like your artistic
you're decent with makeup you can
totally do this hey yo ash
Oh anyways staying this lighting is so
good I wish every lighting everywhere
was like this so we just wrapped filming
oh my gosh you guys this was hilarious
it's like I want to take a few snapshots
and stuff first and then I'm gonna take
all this off and I'm so excited to take
my makeup off it's just so much but it
looks so good I mean it doesn't look
good but like overall I feel like it
looks so good the eyes - with the
contacts like dang okay also I feel like
I'm so annoying in the video that we
just filmed I didn't expect it to go
this way I'm not even kidding I thought
I was gonna be so good at this like so
good I sucked sever the lips freakin
love bullets anyways I'm gonna take a
few snapchats so I can save them for me
to post tomorrow literally it takes me
like 15 times to get a decent sound okay
oh hello guys new video is up swipe up
to watch it you can see this gorgeous
look on my channel I definitely tried to
follow one of Jeffery stars makeup
tutorials and this was the outcome it's
hilarious you guys need to go watch this
video right now Lauren is okay I can't
take myself seriously okay so let's just
take some pics now let's take video so I
definitely just tried to follow one of
Jeffery stars makeup tutorials and
Jeffery I'm so sorry I did you wrong it
did you dirty hey last one sorry
so I thought but it's Larry's cool wait
snapchat like me and stuff I honestly
thought I was like so cocky and
beginning was like I got this I'm gonna
be so good at this and that was like hey
guys what is up and good morning guys
it's been rough look I'm like literally
like in the background right there
that's so funny so it happened something
I've been trying to avoid or a long time
has happened I woke up with the worst
sore throat I've had in years
dying that you can see me yeah my throat
hurts really bad probably shouldn't be
vlogging you know what it kind of hurts
it's ah it really hurts to swallow Oh
yep I've had strep throat before many
times so I'm really really really really
hoping it's not that because it hurts
really bad so I thought about not
vlogging today but then I
I really thought about it and I figured
I should at least try one get to see
what footage we get so happy vlog it is
Sunday we're getting sick but we're
alive so fuck you know I already had
some lemon water this morning and now
I'm drinking this just juicing and that
kind of feels good this probably has
like so much sure it's like not even
worth it huh
though if you have any cold remedy sore
throat stuff let me know I'm also hoping
maybe it's just like super super
inflamed because the left side hurts
more or does I don't know I'm talking
about as you can probably tell it's a
very very lazy Sunday oh oh TD jackets
from Urban Outfitters
pants are Calvin Klein from PacSun and
then I'm wearing my slippers cause it's
a comfy Sunday so I got up actually
super super early this morning at old
not like crazy early it was probably
like 7 6:45 7 because I've been sitting
in this exact spot editing at my video
that's going up today it's been so much
but good news is we're almost done I
just have a few more random clips that I
really wanted to get so unfortunately I
think that means I should probably go
put some makeup on yeah this is probably
gonna be up within like an hour maybe oh
it hurts what wait too much to swallow I
really didn't think about vlogging wow I
still need to unpack from New York ok
let's put some makeup on considering the
state of my throat and everything I feel
like it's best if we do a time-lapse you
know what it doesn't hurt as bad when I
whisper
being my own doctor huh don't see white
spots which I know is strep so we're
gonna start is that to my right so you
guys are probably cringing right now
okay I'm sorry my left home so just like
crazy swollen I forget what I said no no
I remember what I was saying I think it
makes sense if we do a time lapse right
now so let's put on some makeup
oh so I blend into the comfort we threw
some makeup on depending what we do
today I don't think Ashley are doing
much we kind of wanted to go to the
movies but like yeah we don't really
have much plan so I did my makeup so
simple like I'm not even wearing
eyeshadow just because I was just like
you know what I may take this off right
after I film all this it's so funny too
because the clips that I want they're
gonna be two seconds like they're gonna
be two seconds but it's gonna be an
amazing two seconds let's go hey guys so
good news video is completely up I
usually just got it up I think it's so
much later now in the day it's like four
or five or something which is really sad
because I act just at my entire day
editing the bad news is my throat is
hurting worse it's literally just the
left side right here like the right side
doesn't hurt and it's only really when I
swallow which sucks yeah but more good
news I have nothing else to do today so
I think I'm honestly just going to put
Netflix on and watch some shows or
movies or whatever no idea Ashley should
be home soon
ooh put that down yeah I'm tired so I'm
literally just gonna do nothing
I should most definitely go like take
off my makeup and stuff and get all come
so my guess is I'm gonna combine this
vlog with yesterday's vlog okay it's
update time I forget the last thing that
I've logged but it's actually behind
this story I think I changed it I
stopped vlogging because honestly my
sore throat was getting it so freakin
bad and I could barely talk and it was
so bad and then the next day I woke up
and it was so painful like I can't even
explain it so I go to Urgent Care and
hands down it was strep I knew that I
was like I hope it's not strep it
totally ended up being stripped so I've
just been knocked out on the couch for
the past few days not sure when I'm
gonna be getting better they said I'm
contagious for a few days
until the antibiotics really kick in so
yeah those lines up to you sorry blogs
are a little behind but I did get one up
right now so hopefully there can be
another one up maybe tomorrow yeah I
love you guys and I will be updated yes
okay love you guys
