good morning good morning back home it
is Thursday yeah and here is Friday good
morning guys and welcome to January 15th
Friday
8:23 a.m. actually I actually woke up
like 7 a.m. like wide awake and it was
great it was at home it's still
yesterday it's still Thursday support
team so the dates are gonna probably be
a little weird when I upload all these
like traveling vlogs I'm just gonna go
off the date that it is for me um if
that makes sense if you're wondering why
the dates are a little weird um but yes
anyway - and I are gonna go run down and
get some breakfast so let's do that
welcome to Thailand and we got some food
and it looks so good actually excited
a little hash brown do you see it it
looks okay wobba
what's up the breakfast was amazing
looks really good and I stood my makeup
sliding is poor dude good lighting makes
your face look like good nothing I look
good right now like as Anna conceited I
just like stating a fact that I make it
look extra good chick anyways uh-huh
uh-huh you'll see a hotel room tour
later or on someone else's blog because
you know oh hey guys hello so we are
weirdly all cramming in this room when
it's the smaller I'm cool hey I think
I'm going to do a little bit of editing
and then we can plan out our day and
figure out we want to do our first day
your toilet okay y'all good oh and
Ashley and I stopped by the pool and it
looked really cool because we didn't
wait in oh I am ending thank you
and guys we were like looking at our
window we saw Starbucks go Street good
to know yeah where are we ever seen
yes I'm excited
Oh your father pick up school press is
literally so cute
they have McAvoy
isn't it nice yeah it's so big it's like
huge
I got a iced vanilla latte
so I'm sorry again I didn't get it
skinny no skinny I didn't you're on
vacation it's a jump again Bangkok I'm
currently and a huge mall hey you just
like seven stories and of course I got a
coffee we actually were going to go to a
different coffee place just to
experience like just to experience like
a coffee shop here but we couldn't find
one at least close to us and Starbucks
was right there but I really liked the
storm so cool and then I was so stupid
and I left my mascara at home so luckily
we found the Sephora and I ran in and
got and that's gonna shout out to Mimi
let me use her mascara today yeah so I
gotten you a mouse go I got the roller
lash I'll show you
Scottie benefit roller lash I really
like Ben Smith mascaras they're like one
mascara brand higher-end brand that I
really really like
hmm
so we are currently we're so excited and
they're all animals like okay so the
massages were amazing and they're
socially I think there were like nine
$10 just crazy for an hour long with an
hour our lone massage was really
ticklish them anyways we're at the
civilian with the cute my strong outside
I turn you guys this is literally so
cute do you see this
I feel like we all have the same page in
our box it's on fire
it's gone so I got some chicken and
everyone got their me it was just all I
guess Lee this is so cute Bulgaria so we
are back at the hotel room this is not
an access bedroom I haven't done a hotel
room tour yet but I probably will
tomorrow when it's daytime because it's
like dark right now I heard you foggy
and I was like I'm lying okay and we are
going to edit the vlog who you are
currently watching I take off my makeup
and I'm gonna happen shower Ashley
Africa what I'm gonna hop in the shower
after Ashley's done she's currently in
there click and get this vlog as it's
super soon it's 10:00 at 14:00 p.m. and
we have to wake up super early because
we're doing like a tour thing tomorrow
so hope I can go bed early tonight and
get some so like no footage in today's
vlog and I feel like any footage I do
have everyone else's log today too so I
feel like this probably boring vlog I'm
so sorry oh um yeah so I started the
thumbnail for this video so yeah I'm
like it's okay
I just wants to do know though I
apologize I don't have too much footage
and this vlog I know it's super short um
we kind of got a late start in the day
and honestly I feel like tomorrow is
gonna be a really fun day for doing that
tour stitch monologue it's gonna be good
I promise
today's vlog we didn't really talk much
else also because we went to that mall
and we were there for a while because me
and Tiffany got their nails done Oh
which looks so cute we were at kids I
mean they're really cute so I am sorry
about that you're just maybe as here and
asked me it's here we're editing I must
be the up she says ooh be sleepy oh it's
only 11
hey Mia outfit of the day for after the
night shirt
he's been so great yard sale for my
marching band
being an Tiffany is already sleeping and
other brim long is shopping in Bangkok
although I feel like I didn't really
show too much of the shopping but
actually I literally went to like every
single store and um the oho is a call
central embassy like every single store
wouldn't buy anything well I bought some
mascara Lay's off anyways whatever I
love you guys I'll see you taro bye bye
good bye
boom buddy ready for this mmm
