good morning world today's could be
really busy a uh-huh so it is currently
8:45 a.m. we have so so much to do it's
not even funny
I feel like this is me every single trip
that I go on but this one's a little
different cuz we're going to be gone a
long time and it's international so it's
a little more like a little more
stressful I think tonight maybe later in
this vlog we can announcer we're going
because I think tonight we're gonna go
to Mia's if not in tomorrow for sure you
guys will know where we are going
hi babe hi babe currently rocking my
girls night in sweatshirt and Ashley are
gonna have to target because we have
some things that we need for our troops
also I changed my phone case I brought
this in on Black Friday not gonna lie I
totally forgot that I had it and I found
it I'm like yo that's cute
so to make sure I see good squad trick
squat what up guys doing target and I'm
going on everything that I needed we got
some like travel stuff and I need
tampons got the good yeah
that's an advantage standard and and I
do oh my gosh that's such a cute neck
the pod bit so I'm looking for a wallet
because I really want like a small one a
target selection is like not really
happening all the ones they have like
really big or like so hard kind like
this I really just wanted something
small this what I found I do like it but
it's not exactly what I was looking for
but it's better than what I've been
saying so
so see which ones scratch less
definitely this one we're good
gonna get this are we good is anything
else we need
got some stuff you guys noticed that I
changed my mails no they are not like
crazy different but this is a big set
for me instead of getting like the
pointed kind
I got it squared at the tips and oh my
gosh it's so different for me it's so
different for me snapchat yesterday so
if you're not follow me on snapchat
bamyas that just pointing at you quick
you oh hi hello did you miss us we were
gone like 20 minutes and we got some
stuff and targets yes maybe I'll do a
little haul later oh hey I see you oh
yes Oh such a beautiful sound like
literally such a good sound oh my gosh
it's so cool oh my gosh oh no boom
making hair is done which is exciting
although I totally like was gonna put on
false lashes today and I'm out of false
lashes so um that's a bummer this
lighting is weirdly good right now and I
don't know why cuz normally in my
bathroom it's like sake lighting I just
need two hairs through my hair and then
we can get filming oh dude
oh no oh I'll give you guys a little
hint of where we're going ready okay so
everything is Lily divided into two
parts two parts have the very cold
weather clothes over here aka jackets
and beanies and gloves and long sleeves
and then over here we have like bikinis
and shorts and all that fun stuff
and obviously you guys know we are going
to two countries that's a little hint
for you guys one is very warm right now
and one is also really cold right now
probably gonna get really really sick
honestly from like the weather changes
and stuff my skin's gonna be like
breaking out like crazy so if any of you
travel a lot and have a lot of tips when
you're like changing climates like quick
let me know if there's any like ritual
type DIY type things that you should
just like do or know or something like
that welcomes you know they're behind
the scenes of this video you should have
this video of my next not in my next
video for another video what am i smart
hot looks like I have a huge wall of
blue in reality it's just like that Rick
stretched oh don't I look so good
that was my huge studio with a blue wall
and lights flickering in yeah and in
reality just like it's a fabric
thumbtacks the wall with my very
lifelike awkwardly strung on them do
what you got to do it works right
all right okay just kidding I don't know
my man let's do it
what's that my name is Alicia Marie and
if you aren't already be sure to hit
that subscribe button because your mind
is about to be blown with some live hats
yep okay I think that was good so I'm
just gonna let the guy go so confuse I
found on Pinterest and some of them I
just done for a while so I figured I
would share my miss so figured I would
share my life hacks with you guys okay
so today it's gone actually a lot
smoother than I was hoping it would like
it's gone my really I don't know accent
chill you would be so proud of me I
literally found an entire video today
why can't that be the case every single
time when I film when I'm under pressure
I do a million times better and I hate
it but I like it because I get it done
but I hate it because usually it takes
me being under pressure to actually get
something done not all the time but most
the time anyways I am packing oh I am
packing and packing and packing
unpacking effective these lights are
kind of not cute enough there we go much
better I am sitting here and I am
packing up my suitcase I'm gonna be gone
for two weeks that is so crazy I just
haven't really been vlogging lately I've
been so busy with other just so much
stuff I don't know why and there were a
few days where I tried to vlog and I got
like two clips now she's like ding oh
sorry about that I know like on vlogmas
I was on a roll it was good and then
just after vlogmas I like died basically
but today I was making sure that all the
hotel bookings and flight confirmations
and all everything was good I just
booked a shuttle service from the
airport to the hotel
yeah oh my gosh and then Ashley Tiffany
and I all right Ashley Tiffany Mia and I
have all been be like group chatting
today and we're just like getting so
excited like it's hitting me guys it was
so sad my parents came over to pick up
Chloe I missed her like I probably could
cry if I let myself think about the fact
that I won't see her for so long this is
weird she's literally like my baby like
I love her so much like I was so sad to
say goodbye do
gonna have someone's run at my parents
house like she's just gonna play with
Toby and Bo the entire time zone she
gets spoiled there oh my makeup would
help look it up
I literally just chopped you oh I'm
sorry
so I got all my makeup packed into this
little bag normally I have two bags I
have this plus one for my brushes but I
was able to uh get it all in there
come on blue why is it'll bloom actually
we could put that up there up daytime so
I took shower as you can probably tell
you sure the plan is the same Nia is
supposed to pick us up and bring it
bring us to her apartment but we have a
while I told her like no rush and I'm
pretty much done which is crazy um I
think I am going to edit a little bit
just because like why not
and we are oops officially passed oh man
take off okay so I got my suitcase pack
I have my carry-on packed and have my
backpack packs
ya see at Mia is on her way here she's
gonna come pick us up and mmm here we go
look where I am I wish someone will say
it was the lighting oh no it's currently
239 and mia has even started packing me
it's okay that's cu that's how you do
yeah I just made my thumbnail for this
vlog so I figured I should end it so I
could say goodbye and I can upload it
anyways I found to end this vlog out of
here so so so much and look out for
tomorrow's vlog where we announce where
workout Scullin that should be a thing
okay bye
