good morning world good afternoon not
gonna life is currently it is currently
a 229 p.m. and it is Friday oh my gosh
guys it's getting so close to next
Wednesday when we leave on our trip
crazy oh my gosh this morning actually I
went the gem it was so good like so I'm
so sore though this whole week
my legs my butt my ass I'm like some
sort hurly ER we were going into Walmart
I was walking and I was literally like
waddling years
yeah struggle was very real it was
really really bad
also I got some star bees I'm have you
have noticed well I haven't vlogged
every day this week
I haven't had Starbucks and a long time
someone's gonna find the exact date that
I had Starbucks last group like yo you
just had it like Monday okay for me
that's a big deal big deal to my iced
skinny soy vanilla latte and it's all
good what else say we're having another
filming day yesterday was really
productive which was great I'm gonna
film an intro for this a video hi Kelly
hi hello no money
you are so cute I'm actually obsessed
with my dog thrill from did I admit it
did you give me your toy babe haha oh my
gosh they grow up so anyways both sigh
let's stillness let's do it Oh mmm got
the ice skinny soy vanilla latte no gun
a oak whoa what's you're doing with big
what you don't be what guys know that
you like that video if you did do not
forget to hit that subscribe button it's
got a channel and you'd like because
that would be amazing
yeah
yeah I don't know um super things first
you cannot lose weight for other people
you have to make sure you're doing it
for yourself and no enough no one
setting unrealistic goals is the worst
way to go into this so let's look at
some motivational type of things so
let's look at the motivation and so here
are some ideas and motivational tips
that helped me when I workout when I'm
not feeling like it so hopefully they'll
help you so we are making some lunch ash
what you haven't been sliding is
horrible what do you have it chicken and
brown rice and fish yeah
oh my toes and I'm having some Ezekiel
toast well I'm at wit's of avocado
cilantro onion and egg whites honest
it's like avocado toast but more like an
egg salad avocado banana toast if you
know what I mean a chance it's gonna be
bombed so it won't be bun oh yeah this
looks serious
also Ashleigh I have been loving these
artisan nothing flat sea cracker things
their sheer size so good we actually use
them as chips for like salsa and stuff
we love them Thelma oh oh he's a brother
Oh
mom guys I think we're done filming this
video just so exciting I didn't realize
like I think that sounds a lot more
yesterday than I thought I like playing
or that I planned on so it's really
awesome I'm sorry now I'm sitting I'm
going to start editing and just edit all
night this week I was really hoping to
upload today but definitely gonna have
to be tomorrow now um but I'm excited
I'm really trying to push myself and I
this video I think I'm gonna try to edit
just like not completely different but
just different I'm gonna try to push
myself with editing a little bit more
just this video like this whole new year
I really wanted to just push myself more
I'm not like I wasn't pushing myself
before but I definitely was comfortable
and I would like to do the same things
every single every single time so I'm
trying just to like be more creative and
stuff so I'm just really excited and I
think this video is going to be fun
little different um also I really really
need to edit yesterday's vlog I haven't
even started editing it yet I was
planning on doing it this morning and
getting it up before I went to the gym I
slept in till 10:30 and then I was the
gym at 11:00 so there was just like no
way I was so tired I did not sleep good
because Chloe slept with me last night
and she like was taking up more than
half of the bed I swear so that was fun
um I know she was just so cute I didn't
want to like move her but I was like
having this much room of my bed yeah so
I'm very short vlog is not up yet but
I'm going to try to do that soon app
actually I think I'm gonna edit most of
this video and just rough cut it and
then I can edit my vlog after because it
really needs to get up super soon still
going strong on Starbucks I'm going to
start editing this and it should be full
yeah update time it is what time
part-time mental yep I knew Oh bathroom
what time is it
1206 1206 and tarantia and mosh pit yeah
yeah I'm here and club money's here okay
okay yes and yes we are playing Mario
Kart and I'm so excited we unlock new
character just kidding it is no longer
Mario crypto where's this we got tired
right then okay no good to be so proud
of me I've gotten so much done on my
video like mmm and I got my vlog up from
yesterday that was exciting and I got a
lot editing done and so when I did the
thumbnail for it too
I don't know what happened I didn't even
have coffee I have the Starbucks coffee
but I didn't make any more coffee
yeah yeah yeah yes yeah so I went to go
check out my makeup and there's no
makeup wipes I forgot to go to Target
today
Ashlee's out of makeup I don't still
myrrh literally worst thing ever so I'm
gonna pray that I have some sort of
makeup life and like underneath my sink
or something buggy night anyway I
couldn't know I didn't see you there you
like blended and exact of the crew mates
tomorrow we have an appointment yeah I'm
gonna look real cute tomorrow okay I'm
anyways I'm gonna go to bed at thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
just vlog I hope that you liked it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with
hopefully a new blog okay
Oh
