morning guys so we are at our hotel
breakfast buffet and workout I am so
excited we have a plate to catch so much
food
oh we're first guys this is exciting me
I love how our first cos last time we
came everything was kind of like towards
the end look so done actually this looks
really good coffee and
when check in for a flight
are you excited tip we're excited
alright maybe got a scuba die I'm right
elephant hey going to the island beyond
to the beaches currently uploading
yesterday's vlog at the airport since 32
minutes oh boy that is true and it
doesn't get longer fight board at 9:10
so we got a little bit which is night
leaves at 9:00 10:00 just kidding yes 4
is at 8 port Oh No whoo that's what
we're doing we're all literally sitting
here editing Asha's editing i'm editing
I'm sure Tiffany's editing an Instagram
or something you are shut up oh my gosh
I gotta write that's it boom so that's a
lovely picture something great is it
public
yeah update it got a coffee and I'm so
excited and there's a bendy straw which
is one my favorite things in life I'm
not gonna lie and they are boardings we
need to leave soon my videos not done
yet it sounds 15 minutes no no thank you
thank you mom we're going
we go
these are so cute oh my gosh it's just
very silly it's not our take it when a
cool move to the mainland office got our
luggage and we're gonna head to the
hotel
hey guys so we are in our hotel room
it's actually like so nice I love the
view it's a super burger now though so
I'm like merp's in a quick little visa
yeah you can't see it you see it we got
some bunk beds
amia called Batlin Tiffany : that's
negative shame this one oh the beds are
really not comfy like apple um yes um
I'll show you the view oh my goodness
it's so pretty so pretty
some nice music please and here's the
bathroom it's so weird this is like you
can like go through this weird and
Ashley are gonna go to the pool you guys
have to see it in so pretty I think it's
like the most beautiful fully thing I've
ever seen
no lie so good so good so cute so pretty
yeah vlog takeover with Ashley so Mia
and Tiffany are in the room editing some
videos it's hot won't we later yeah I
slay oh hi I'm Anna beam is already
straight it'll be worth a it is so hot
and I'm getting really cranky because
it's so hot I just killed my hair and
it's literally like it's probably stick
straight oh my gosh I'm so hot I'm
sweating so bad okay luckily the Sun is
behind a cloud so it feels a lot better
now what up guys update time so Ashley
you're swimming and the pool and it
looks so pretty it's like it's like an
infinity pool and you digitally ocean
you're happy
yes I'm legit in the water vlogging
right now I don't care you take a bunch
of pictures we brought out my DSLR over
the water everyone was staring at us
like we were crazy they're like well why
are you doing that it's not deep you can
walk everywhere look at this show so
pretty I'm a little paranoid that I'm
gonna drop my camera because I don't
have a strap but yes I want to show you
guys so bad and I want these memories
for me one day so nice it's nice
oh my gosh I can't Thailand you are
gorgeous you're gorgeous the pool just
like ends into the ocean just kidding so
so so
oh my gosh I wish I figure out with a
party a beautiful pretty here something
and everyone can just like the Quinn
Pizza ashes just chillin what I love is
literally everyone has their phone is
taking pictures so it doesn't look like
more to be one of those more like super
beautiful thing it's jeopardy you have
to capture it you got it I'm gonna check
Holly is it been it's been like two
hours I'm like Maria I don't know I
don't like two hours I see a real drunk
I was telling them we shot a huge I wish
we could have a huge like cool party and
invite all of me then and if I oh yeah
but you do party not everyone here open
sky with a close up shop did you see
okay yeah this is for you
I like school walk behind the scenes of
an Ashley blog we joined the pool as you
guys saw it was beautiful and I knew it
inside and clean up your crummy up
dinner and it is a huge
can I get some skates cause this looks
fun
oh hey alright so back from dinner it
actually was not good at all
Isle a basically didn't eat my whole
dinner I don't think anyone really eat
their dinner
except some names shade a little bit I
the ice cream was bomb I joined was so
bomb
it's just um it was like okay anyways
we're back in the room and you're all
editing I'm editing at my next main
Channel video which is going up tomorrow
basically the day you're watching this
or depends if I can get the homework
tuned I've so much to do tonight I've
homework my main channel video and my
vlog to edit anyways my bout to do my
voiceover for my video so that should be
very interesting let's pray that it's a
good voice over day because if it's not
I can be here for like two hours just
getting like an hour okay so the very
first thing give it a bit of a little
bit yep foodie a very first thing that
we're gonna make in in this video are
these painted wreckers which I think I
think thought yep so the first thing
that we're gonna make are these painted
records and honestly I love hmm hey guys
so the first thing that we're gonna make
in this video are these painted record
is such an easy idea and honestly I
think they're super cute and you can
make whatever you want this my room
business so better but there's fireworks
update I'm on like the last voiceover
and it's not goin smooth and when it
comes to cleaning your room instead of
cleaning it you might as well just hide
stuff but hide it in a cute way so it's
okay you don't I mean look it's socially
acceptable um but anyways i really
suggest getting and it's okay
but yes anyways uh uh uh yeah not worked
okay so it is now 1044 and we are so
exhausted lately we've been just just
been going to bed super early because
we've been getting up really early but
tomorrow's the first day we get it we're
not sleeping but like not have a reason
to be up which is nice anyways I'm going
to end this vlog I hope that you liked
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow
another Thailand vlog and yeah okay
