hey guys no we are currently at the
floating market and like I don't even
know
I don't sing
but I know
so we could
I don't see
mom pitch ever good Ashley
on
and so what she didn't be here
second
go
to me
but no we don't see ya why not with me
hey guys so we are back at the hotel as
you can just tell as you can tell as you
can see floating markets were so fun
like seriously it was like probably the
best thing we've done so far for sure
the way there was a little rough because
we were like all squished in this really
small car but the way back with a lot
smoother which was nice
that's just most a day we left at 7:00
this morning and we got back like 1:30
1:45 so we all just rinsed off with it
because we were SWAT team earlier it was
it was it was it was really hot now
we're making plans for what we want to
do for the rest of the day but I wanted
to give you guys a quick little overview
a room tour show you guys because I
haven't yet and a lot of you have been
asking and we're going to do this super
quick because I'm sure you've already
seen it in snapshots and stuff but over
here there's a Tiffany and I'm Amy over
here is the kitchen which is really nice
we have a bathroom over here we have um
bedroom number one hello I was gonna say
ours is worse but it's not so ha ha ha
ha and then over here we have a little
desk and a couch with my stuff on it
TV walking through here we have the
second bedroom which is where Ashley and
I are sleeping I don't like being so far
from them I feel like we're like
separated I don't want it as a TV we
have all of our junk over there and then
through here we have a bathroom at
number 2 which is literally a huge in
there also yeah whoo there you got many
a room tour um yes but yeah well but
anyway I've done let's go see what
everyone's doing
hmm can I join can I join
yes Marty are we editing one up guys up
daytime so we are currently about to go
to the weekend market we were
recommended by three people to go there
so weird one
so we gonna be really crowded hmm food
oh my gosh we just met some viewers in
the lobby and you guys you did not to do
this to think office I got us like she
goes what two snacks the guy and he's
really cute little person oh my gosh
like everyone is so nice here
like so nice I love it here
yes you're going to the week in the
market hopefully getting some food will
not contain what curry
so cool
we finally made it to equal market
apparently they have it on the weekend
really big and it's really popular and
stuff so we're excited that we get to
explore
hey guys so we're back at the hotel now
and I just took showers tell and I feel
so much better but I'm going to show you
guys a mini snack / food haul some
viewers gave this test and it was so so
sweet they wanted to get us a whole
bunch of their favorite like Thai snacks
and stuff I'm like I'm so excited I
think I'm gonna have something right now
let's go oh my god there's someone let's
make it even better they labeled every
single thing so we can know like what it
is but there's some stuff and he had to
be like no idea candy made of milk
really I've never heard of anything like
that oh my gosh so exciting let's go up
tea time I failed I was going out I was
editing this whole vlog and honestly I'm
so tired I don't think I can finish
editing it tonight so it'll still be up
tomorrow I'm just not sure what time but
yeah anyways I'm getting excited for an
exciting vlog tomorrow really excited
and um yes anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a new vlog I love you and
yeah bye bye guys bye Mimi she's asleep
in the other room bye
