hey guys buddy's ass today is Saturday
I'm like a hot mess right now I'm
actually running out the door Ashley and
John Marie and I are gonna have just a
girls day I think we're just gonna like
stay in the area and maybe take some
pictures go get some tea or like go to a
coffee shop or something like we
normally do and I almost left my bought
camera here I was like wait go back and
ask my vlog camera because um yeah also
I uploaded my video like 10 minutes ago
it is the how to have a successful
YouTube channel video it's been so so
requested just how to start a channel
and my tips and stuff
and I feel like there needs to be more
sharing in the YouTube world and more
like helping each other out I guess so I
thought it'd be fun to do a video like
this and so far you guys are loving it
so please do me a huge favor and share
it with your friends and watch the whole
thing because I worked really hard on it
but anyways I'm running out the door
like I said Michael will be back we'll
be back ok so first of all ok we are in
it just really cute Lincoln's are sure
now get the pictures of macaron and I'm
Adina here I was dirty Shivani Shivani
is gorgeous oh my gosh you guys just oh
you're being fun
yeah yeah I'd wanna shout like you're
inside I am Dana period quad kwa end I'm
Shivani go ball go do it go do it
I've got some iced green tea from
Starbucks we made a Starbucks man why'd
you guys get cold brew green tea boom
doll I was know so we're lucky no you
know what it reminds me when you say it
like that huh
reminds me of a toy being like wow
currently taking some pictures I hope I
hope show them what your boyfriend got
you before Christmas yeah express my
friend ever
oh my gosh yeah this is extra good today
blog takeovers with Ashley welcome back
guys it was pretty recent since my last
one but oh I was going to show you the
back behind the scenes of photo shoot
but they finished real it's that's
happening again people just walked past
me and stared at me like I was weird but
I don't care because uh Yolo do people
still say yellow I don't think so so
this concludes blog takeovers with
Ashley until next time and guess where
we are
dude it is
okay we fridge we've sports wage for
there we go boom so we're currently I'm
small and it's kind of good don't like
that but that's never was during we are
going to go after two days let's go
tomorrow we decided so exciting mama
we're by the mall and we really wanted
to do a girls night not even funny yay I
got a face mask and got a bath bomb and
I'm really really excited about that
right now
headed to forever 21
yes let's get some stuffs
where are we anyway yeah I've been in a
while that's so cute this is cute
still were in France we wanted this is
Katrina I haven't been shopping yes yes
do you get any good bucket thank you I
am okay we're looking for like some
we're going to snow tomorrow
now we wanted to get like winter is back
but I'm so i rambling spending so a
little bond I'm not finding too much I
was trying to find like more wintry
stuff but don't see much mark dude urban
has the cutest bowls look at this this
is so cute love yeah yeah drilling mmm
you're also come fever when you're just
like chilling at home and you want to be
warm like they make you so on hello
everyone so I'm almost like kind of a
success but not really there really were
any like we're looking for mittens and
beanies and stuff and everything is
spring out already
good weird white
that's not your total bait
hey Chloe get your Chewie what up guys
update time so it's currently 8 o'clock
at night and we just took off our makeup
because we're about to do a face mask
the one that I bought today at lush so
I'm excited about that why my hair looks
really cute okay so I got the cup of
coffee one it's supposed to like good
for like exfoliating and stuff yes let's
do it oh my gosh it smells like coffee
and chocolate um this is so attractive
right now anyways I think we're gonna
watch a movie and I'm probably gonna
edit this vlog and it's a picture that
we take today and just chill there comfy
clothes big Jule oh my gosh you guys my
skin has not felt this soft and the
longest time I'm like so glad I got that
face man
yes anyways I showered obviously if you
can't tell by my wet hair we're just
watching Big Bang Theory and chillin and
hanging out and um yes I was trying to
plan out some outfits for tomorrow
I don't know what to bring ok so I got
this really cute light pink just
oversized cardigan from Urban Outfitters
earlier I figured I would wear that with
like a long sleeve or something under
maybe like a beanie or something
other than that I don't really know what
else to wear I have my hunter boots so
I'm totally gonna bring those and
honestly though other than that I don't
know to wear dress
oh so I got visitor bin' and then then I
also got four pairs of socks because
they are having two for $10 their normal
sales like two for $22 they run for like
14 each although they like constantly
always have the two for 22 sale going on
two for ten is like really really good
so I got these two the first one is this
one it actually comes with three
different socks great Navy ones and then
these really cute polka dot ones then I
got these purple ones and then these two
are the same exact ones just different
colors this one is in cream and this
one's in grey and they're just like
these slouchy type of socks so yeah I
got more socks I kind of have a sock
obsession I have so many pairs of socks
dads okay but yeah that's everything
that I got from urban sorry this
Lighting's good weird I don't have that
light on yeah my said it for this
cardigan like really excited for that
yeah I'm also excited for tomorrow are
you excited for tomorrow you're not
coming with us to the snow but you get a
go to
to your brother's house and he can play
all day while we're gone or you are so
tired right now she's like can we go to
bed please
you tired babe you're cute too lazy to
blow-dry my hair but I know I need to
cause y'all did you give me your toy you
want to cuz they this is literally been
our night basically you guys someone
tweeted me and said that we hit 800,000
viewers on my blog channel which is so
so crazy I tweeted this but I really
don't think my life is that interesting
for that many people you're watching my
life because my blog channels like the
life you got I mean oh my gosh
ah a million is coming I'd be so crazy
if we had a million in 2016 oh my
watching oh my gosh that's baddest
anyways I actually think I'm going to
end the vlog here I know it's a little
shorter than normal but I want to edit
it and get it ready so I can go up
tomorrow we're actually gonna leave
pretty early um so that way I don't know
if I'll have time in the morning to edit
this and upload it so I'm going to try
to do it now I love you guys so so so
much and I will see you tomorrow with
another vlog okay hi
