and we're going oh my gosh we're we're
leaving for the airport so we're in our
room you're headed earlier I look like
this lighting is real nice this is the
real nice lighting we just have some
security Ferger laters now you're headed
to get some food and Ashley next hello
and me wait this reminds me of um one of
the airport's went on tour Michigan
Michigan of the nitrogen airport
Michigan peeps who know what I'm talking
about it was about the light like the
tunnel of like rainbow when you spy
Starbucks from across the air this is
what it looks like to vlog in an airport
imagine being by yourself
hello
so I got me usable skinny soy vanilla
latte and a spinach feta wrap and a
water bottle as you see like juicy this
you see this they have the red cone I
got so excited I saw him like grab it
and start writing on it just like I
think don't be like so excited okay okay
we are headed to our dates we're gonna
like spectrum I oh no but does anyone
else love these like walking escalator
thing because yes current situation
right now
Mia is eating a lunchable like sitting
down
damn can I put up yesterday's vlog so
you guys should go punch it packing for
a vacation everyone's probably really
annoying no we are now seeing where
we're going we're going we're going to
Thailand but like we said we are going
to two places so we're not going to
announce the next country yet you're
going to have to follow us around our
blogging travel vlogs to see where we're
going next so we're going to tightly in
the first your such I did oh my god I've
never been and I'm fine over into Asia
so I'm really excited to go to Thailand
excited excited I'm excited I'm soaked
yeah
how long is our titanosaur like a long
hours you leo
but we are labyrinths and I can't deal
with it so a total we have what 20 hours
of going right now 20 hours with a two
and a half hour layover not to mention
how much time we get here today it is
Benji here we go we are boarding
Stephanie we're all not sitting together
Ashlin air together and then me and
Tiffany are giving could be supposed to
accelerated but me is looking a little
cute right now that's how you travel
people okay
thank you thank you I guess we're going
here I'll help you it down
we went up guys so we're currently and
it just Han or are they you go to my
left I mean our house when we're in the
air for like 20 hours so please 12 here
then I could be totally wrong 8 hours
minnerath there
that was such a surely over like 30
minutes
I can even sleep
been asleep
hey guys hey guys oh oh my gosh Asher
are we oh we're in Thailand very timely
in a beautiful hotel yeah gorgeous -
nice from on its little it's it's super
nice we got in I already took a shower
as you can tell I like felt disgust yeah
I feel so clean I just want to update
you guys and I'm going to end the vlog
right now so look out for all of our
future traveling and exciting um vlog
yeah and you're coming with us you're
coming with us whoa
these are watching on because bye
