hey guys welcome to this vlog still
forever wanting to say welcome to
vlogmas
hey it's December 28th and the new year
is coming so soon oh my gosh I can't
believe it but anyways um this morning
Ashley and I went to the gym is good
good gym workout then I came home and
showered which is why my hair is all wet
and I'm not ready so yes today is going
to be a behind the scenes work work damn
you like to call it work because it's
just fun to like film videos and stuff
and say I'm filming a video so that's
kind of the main thing that I want to
get done today later ash they're
probably gonna go see Mia and khlo even
if he can race later careful you won't
see canners later babe was he can
receiving yeah yeah but you do they
haven't seen each other in forever the
ice once you start a vlog and let you
guys know what's going on um what else
is new I'm kind of like dreading getting
ready right now cuz I know how long it's
gonna take them just like
you know I mean no just me okay
Club Manor Shalimar I'm not wanting to
you ready what I see from my view
hello is okey hello how are you
yeah this is legit my outfit right now
so I'm I'm Judge Tracie good awesome PG
short talks and Uggs also after the jam
Ashton I made a Starbucks run because
you know my blog what else to expect
sometimes I sorta like justify the
reason for getting coffee and I'm just
like no say just say you wanted it
Allegiant they already know that you're
obsessed and you have an addiction so
it's okay okay you don't have to try to
make it down pattern just by the gun
Starbucks because we want to but can't
Lee watching me as vlog while I do mommy
good everything Chris is with me with me
eatin some edamame awesome finish my
makeup nap do my hair
oh I'd only do you think I might just
like straightness or like blow-dry
edamame and moment uh-oh my trying not
to mess up my lipsticks I've just
applied it but kind of hard to do
hangman to my hair boom well then I'm
just posted an Instagram good like it
and let's see how it looks
my brightness is a little high let me
put that lower there we go there we go
oh my gosh and this is the first
Instagram picture with my blonde hair oh
my gosh my feeds gonna look so different
now her hair is blonde yes I should have
said I should've been like boom
surprised blond hair yeah oh my gosh by
brown hair gonna be like boom audio
change my icon - oh my gosh don't even
think about that okay guys so I got all
the way ready as you can see I'm
actually curled my hair I got all my
ready I put lashes on today it started
raining so it's pretty dark in the
apartment so I don't think I'm able to
fill today I'm really bummed because I
literally spent like two hours getting
ready and it's pretty thing
I mean maybe I'll take an Instagram but
other than that like I didn't need to
get ready and polish log but it's okay
no stress do it another day
I just figured today it would be great
but yes that's okay anyways so I'm gonna
text Mia and see if if she like knew
what time she wanted us to come over and
yeah I'm so bummed that I know boom
don't quote me but I'm trying my hardest
to get this video to go up Saturday I'm
not gonna tell you what it is yet I'm
sure I will sometime this week before it
goes up but um get excited let me know
in the comments we think it is I have
never done a video like this before no I
haven't that's interesting I thought I
did but I have it I've never done a
video like this it's really really
requested all the time so maybe I see
yes but it is okay yeah since it's
raining outside I just had an epiphany I
was like Alicia you can wear your new
boob okay yeah it's not like pouring
rain or anything but it's still like
rainy I don't even know it may not even
be writing in LA but I'm gonna wear my
boots grab Ashley but I got for
Christmas you guys saw that if you
haven't you totally totaled hit well
more my thing if you haven't you totally
need to watch my what I got for
Christmas video because I'm like I don't
know I love those videos so much and I
love filming mine anyways um Ashley got
me some Hunter boots and I love them I
was waiting for like an excuse to wear
them and it's kind of it rains let me
see it let me ask Siri it's supposed to
rain more tonight Siri how may I assist
you if it's supposed to rain tonight it
doesn't look like it's going to rain MIT
so series said it's not raining so I'm
not gonna wear them but I'm gonna wear
them really seeing what they do rain cuz
this rain later this week okay yeah I
love them I love doesn't today was a
fail at filming I decided to take a
picture from Instagram so superdude and
we're gonna take one I haven't taken a
picture against a white wall in a long
time well the gouge door because that's
what I've always taken picture products
do it okay which I do yes exactly
okay guys updates we're gonna go ahead
over to Mia's right now we're gonna show
you an outfit of this day make sure did
some free people it's just this huge
like long-sleeve baggy shirt that looks
like that this little cardigan thing is
really cute it's like hooded and have
pockets and stuff this is from Urban
Outfitters and my jeans are from Topshop
and then I'm wearing my gray Uggs
and my Marc Jacobs Chris doesn't I'm
weird by the way and I'm just super
comfy right now okay
what are you wearing ash Oh outfit of
the day I'll show you her pregnant
lettering where's your from oh well it's
from Iceland oh oh I don't really know
flutter is from Urban Outfitters
leggings are from I don't know where
socks are from Urban Outfitters shoes
are from Steve Madden bag is from me me
and hat is from I think Target whoo boo
hey guys so we are on our way to Mia's
Kuwait as in all of us I'm Colleen ken
are gonna have a playdate cuz it's been
a while since they've had a playdate
slumping to be there and hopefully soon
but let's be real this probably traffic
 probs but so yo yo so sweet
yo yo let's go
upsie time guess right and Tiffany's
here and obsolete here guys we just
ordered veggie girl cuz we haven't have
done who agree I'm excited
oh my gosh y'all and Khloe's here with
ten we've been playing so hard home so
we are chillin and we're doing something
so so exciting you guys saw me and I
exchanged gifts you're talking about
going on a trip together and at the trip
group has expanded to Ashley and Tiffany
yeah so we are gonna go on a trip and we
are kind of planning that right now and
we're not gonna say where yes we'll all
agree like when to announce it like boom
but get excited it's gonna be epic and
gonna be epic comment below if you have
any guesses where we're going but we
already got it pretty planned out and
we're so excited we're gonna buy tickets
tonight
oh yeah we're doing it like what what
yeah so the info realm is happening so
soon he's like Mars - was I so crazy
we're taking the world we're going to
different places like eight out of the
country wait everyone has their
passports right yeah okay I didn't mind
we don't take it some photos Chloe make
a hole yeah we're leaving Mike in ours
pretty good boy what why can't you see
buddy Kenneth C by T can we go home now
hey guys it's two updates for your home
now and Chloe is exhausted she's like so
ready for bed anyways I just want to end
the vlog because I'm gonna go to bed am
really tired and yeah so do I love you
guys so much I will see tomorrow with a
really fun vlog me teryn her friend and
Ashley are all going up to Oaks Glen to
have a fun girls day maybe take some
pictures there's supposed to be a little
snow so we'll see umm but yeah so it's
gonna be really funny ways I'm gonna go
bad I love you guys and yes bye
