hey guys who are you doing I missed you
welcome it to another day in my life
aka Alicia vlogs Alicia Alicia's vlogs
anyway today's one is she listen this
Thursday is Thursday which is crazy
because we leave in less than a week for
our huge surprise shrimp
oh my gosh if you haven't seen that vlog
me at Tiffany Mia and Ashley are all
going on a huge trip we're going to two
places in the world and we are so
excited you're so excited haven't even
started packing whatsoever it's don't
worry I will let you guys know before we
actually go where we're going but um we
just want to like keep it a surprise
because it's fun I don't know like we're
excited but regardless I have to preach
them a lot of videos because we're gonna
be gone they're gonna be gone in two
weeks which is crazy sorry about that my
battery definitely died anyways we just
been in the kitchen we've been filming
some stuff with some fruit and some
veggies and cooking guys I had moment I
was like I love my kitchen like I'm so
glad we moved I seriously look like I'm
still not over the fact that how much I
love this apartment it was like perfect
like it's perfect for me to actually
like it's perfect for us and it's just
like oh I love it absolutely been doing
this was our little setup with the
toaster yes got it gotta include the
toaster even though we didn't use it and
then for the video but also for lunch
today we made some spaghetti squash
which I like love this stuff growing up
my favorite dish ever was spaghetti and
this just like lets me have that while
still being healthy which I love boma
guys this looks so good this is
spaghetti squash with tomato and
cilantro and mushrooms and onions and
this is zucchini noodles with tomato and
pepper and lemon and like mmm I know
they look so good in surprise this is
already a dining table oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's finally finally here just I
can't so excited oh my gosh literally so
excited I've been waiting for this for
such a long time oh my gosh it was so
cute I got so many people on Twitter
like asking me like did your dining
table come because you guys know how
much like how important it was to be
like I thought it was coming I was so
excited but seriously love it love it
love it and it's so cute please nuts
aren't gonna stay there we're gonna get
some new ones but we just took those out
cuz we were eating lunch but yes and
a bench on this side instead of chairs
so it's kind of like a picnic table it's
so cute and over here we have these like
wire chairs that you saw me put together
in my last vlog I think and then we put
these little like fur things over it but
I'm not sure if they're gonna stay there
oh my gosh I love I love I love and then
also we're gonna try to find a new water
system because I feel like it really
ruins the whole like vibe in this room I
don't know we have to call and see if we
can like figure out a new maybe like a
bottled system twerking like go in the
fridge or something but anyway it's
irrelevant
hahaha this is our dining table I feel
like it just makes the whole like
apartment look so much bigger and more
put together and stop who's the pretty
girl with them
hey what also posted this picture to
Instagram so you guys should go like it
if you didn't see it and your feet I
don't know do you guys ever like miss
like you don't see things that I upload
cuz if so you should totally put
notifications on for instance if I
wanted to put notifications on for Kylie
I would come here at the three dots and
then turn on post notifications
basically anytime I post you guys would
get notified you'd be like it'll be like
oh so you should totally do that if you
want to I don't know I do that with all
my friends so that way it's like owe me
a stammer uploaded a picture or Ashton a
cool uploaded oh for some reason I feel
like there's been plenty of times where
people upload and I'd never see their
photos I don't know weird also if you're
wondering we're in the car because if
you I think most of you know how she's
been driving this Rizal Park for a
really long time cuz her other car your
car had a recall but it's all fixed and
stuff so we get to go pick it up right
now you're going to go get her other car
right - no still worth filming I was
really hopin to read it
so we're filming it's like really cool
most of you guys to be like that's so
warm but to me it's getting some shots
of some things at this kilo park used to
come here all the time I haven't been
here in a while
but it's like it's kind of sad because
it used to be so like neon green not
even kidding it's like really brown I
mean that looks great but that's only
because we literally found the like most
green little patch of grass to film at
everywhere else is like pretty dead
anyways let's do this do you think I
like the color pink oh man I should have
brought a little more color options
listening you look like a turtle who
else agrees the hell he looks like a
turtle right now okay yeah excited good
here we go do it here we go and we got
the footage y'all
joana my head
wanna come to my hey guys updates time
now at 10:29 p.m. after the last thing I
logged and then we went to the gym and
then I've just been sitting here having
an editing party with Amin and Ashley
tell them that you worked on
I made a new banner on my channel Oh
chicken well I just scratched myself so
she worked on a new banner for her
channel so it was really good you guys
should go to her Channel and check it
out look at the footage like it looks
extra good I don't know why I think it's
this is my first time filming in the
kitchen that's exciting that's really
exciting I don't know it's like the
colors and everything was just like harp
like that looks like a commercial man
they've got some workout clothes any
guesses what this video is probably
really obvious yet it's not exactly what
you think ya know what I mean yeah okay
and I am ready for bed anyways I will
see you guys around
bye
