hey guys hello how are you doing um
what's today
chase choose oh I just put my hair today
is Tuesday I believe it's just a bit
January huh
I'm sorry I didn't vlog at all yesterday
honestly I was in like a weird mood I
don't know what I think I was just
really really tired because I was moving
so slow all day
I even tweeted about it I was like I'm
moving so slow like I've done nothing
the only productive thing was I was at
the gym actually twice instead of choice
yesterday because I felt like I needed
to do something productive because I
didn't do anything I felt like I was
literally I sat on that couch for so
long it was like not even funny to get
up a vlog yesterday though which was
fine and nice and good good um what a
bitch
but even that it took me so normally
take me like 45 minutes to edit a vlog
it took me like an hour and a half to
edit it and then it took me like a good
hour to actually get it up I like don't
even I was I was out of it I think it
was really exhausting it's okay today we
are so good we were productive Oh in
lines that I actually did a skyping
Nicki for six hours you guys we always
talk for so long I swear we joke that
we're in like a long-distance
relationship because we like Skype all
the time and stuff hashtag besprinkled
that's all I got so fun
anyways so I was up late last night too
but today I'm like super pumped I'm
energized as shocking to her helped a
lot I just got so motivated like I'm
really really excited for both of our
channels like the next couple of months
just like see why they I don't know like
we were just brainstorming and talking
about a whole bunch of different stuff
stuff things you know what I'm saying
anyways so part of that like motivation
and stuff made me realize like hey I
really want to have a new banner and a
new profile picture for my channel
because obviously I dyed my hair and my
old will end other ones I've had for
like a year now it's been a while been a
little while it's been a while of having
that banner and my profile picture so
today we are going to have a photo shoot
into my bedroom and take some new
pictures so that's be fun here's I'm
what I'm wearing for outfit number one
white crop top and then it just like
purple flow is good yeah okay so this
should be fun I'm excited so
you guys get a little behind-the-scenes
of a photo shoot with Leisha in our
bedroom nothing's got to be professional
let's just do what you got to do you
know okay are you ready ah
well we legit like moved my entire bed
so I could have this whole white wall it
takes big Zuza my room looks bigger the
same Oh
are you comfy Oh
should we get the tripod in your new
handheld fun fact it's actually raining
all day it's been like pouring I was
gonna film today but because it's like
super dark I figured I wait pink it's
sister rain all day today all day
tomorrow and then Saturday too but
Thursday and Friday is like cloudy so I
think I'm gonna try to fill in this
week's video then but I don't know if
you guys know that it's rainy but that's
exciting because that means I can wear
my rain boots today and I can use my new
umbrella that I got the other other week
if you guys saw that vlogs I'm so
excited
Chloe still at my parents house wrap
she's actually gonna come over tomorrow
she's gonna forward mark they're gonna
bring her back tomorrow because they're
gonna come hang out with us I think we
might go to Disneyland or something I'm
not sure that's yeah but yeah yells
both yell Skylar's dude it looks good
and we have outfit number two top is
from mm pack sign skirt is from Topshop
Polaroid's pull right well insects many
eight hey let's move let's move that and
you guys remember this stool that I
bought from Target if you remember that
vlog post a heart in the comments below
but I'm finally using it and I am so
excited because I was very excited to
get this tool and I think it's so cute
I'm excited to have it in my banner it
will hopefully work cross our fingers
that it works but yet I'm fit it so cute
the little things that get you excited
about life oh no my hair was beard okay
woo look go do it
oh and I totally posted this picture on
Instagram today so you guys should go
like it if you haven't yet because I
really like it yeah so cute so cute I
mean eating my nails done so bad so I
don't look at that what happened
my toda la post of my toe and it's so
swollen right now it's the red meat oh
I've broken it before and I sprained it
like three times before and now I can
just say bring it again oh hello world
so I would fail your flight today well a
little bit but I'm ok so first of all
I've been working on my banner up that's
okay it's not like officially officially
done yet but I love it so much I think
it's so cute I'm and um and yes also I
have to go to the gym right now and
Ashley's waiting on me so I'm going to
UM Emma shoes yes oh my god my street I
need you guys my makeup the more weight
which make up and I got both lashes on
and us it's not gonna be cute on it
sweating off she's rushing me
I'm rushed she always Russian it's means
you ever again you should change whoa
what guys and I stayed back from the gym
which was really good did the
Stairmaster and then we stretch
afterwards and I'm and also I guess you
had a package waiting for them at the
door when they got back from the gym
actually I did and they are our new
dining chair
I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited
tomorrow we're supposed to get our
dining table it's supposed to come
between 11:00 and 1:00 cross your
fingers that it actually comes this time
because last time it didn't come and
then apparently on Friday they like came
so this is it's been an ordeal a little
bit to getting this dining table
not really but a little bit like a
little bit yes but I'm excited if the
chairs actually came right before the
tables coming and they look like this
they're like these wire wire I don't
even know how to explain it metal wire
chairs they're probably not gonna be
that comfortable let's be real but uh
completely looks they look cute and then
I got a little light bar things to go
over it so I think it's gonna look like
you just feel like you oh that's yeah
this is I'm holding the like little
wrench thing and it was like in the way
of the lip yeah that is a nice check ha
ha ha ha ha then we have to get rid of
that old dining table and the chairs and
then we're gonna put that dresser in the
garage why it's so happy this is a
raining outside what if it's raining and
we slip and fall and die what would you
do then will you be dead so no I am just
trying to get all comfy honestly most
the night I was working on my banner
I literally have spent like five or six
hours on this stupid thing I don't mind
my hair by the way I think I can
something that I like honestly I'm not
sure maybe I'll upload it and then like
2 weeks later I end up switching it
again I've anyways get excited for that
um guys I love you guys so so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow
ahh
