morning guys and welcome to blogeee this
day 1g4 it's Christmas Eve and I'm so
excited oh my gosh I'm so so so excited
so I think it's like 9 something right
now I'm currently in my room wrapping
some lots to the present because hashtag
procrastination hashtag that's me
hashtag hashtag yeah so I'm wrapping a
couple more presents for Ashley before
we open presents if you don't watch my
blogs normally or if you didn't know
honestly for over the past like 10 years
we've always opened our Christmas
presents on Christmas Eve it's just like
part of our tradition it's just like as
if Christmas Eve was Christmas that's
just always been our tradition because
my older sister Ashley's birthday is on
Christmas December 25th and that way we
have our Christmas and in the next day
we wake up and we have a huge birthday
breakfast for her and like the whole day
is for her like her birthday you know
anyway might wait but not even like
about presents I just like love the
whole like atmosphere of Christmas like
I trees lit we have Christmas music and
and yes so anyways I have a little
something for her I got her this really
cute book and then my parents got her
some of these low-key totally wearing my
elf shirt like yeah actually I think I'm
gonna change it to my onesie because I
love my one thing I haven't really worn
it yeah and then my mom and dad got her
some of these smoothies for her a record
player and yeah let's do it
hashtag Cresta nation that works for one
oh I got another one what is it yay boom
got the record wrapped boom got the book
wrapped boom got uh this jacket wrap I
kind of need more tissue paper dough
hey no Merry Christmas Eve babe Merry
Christmas
Ethan oh when you put your onesie on
guess who's in her Christmas onesie
oh okay forever 21 if you're wondering
oh my gosh it actually exploded in here
there's so many problems but you're all
for tweet whore aren't they that's toys
bones toys more chewy and we need some
Christmas Eve coffee and since I'm
feeling festive we're gonna have the red
Christmas well it's not Christmas
cabbage it's a red cup I'm really
excited for Ashley's death her head for
her new headboard came in time bloated
yesterday small again normally I upload
like super early but obviously it isn't
exciting it so it's gonna upload it
later some video and Ashley and downs
get back home so I think I'm going to
start editing at that right now
got some chick-fil-a for breakfast
breakfast of champions
hallo mmm-ma can't do oh one for
Christmas Oh Chloe gets to open the
first present
oh boy c'mere you're gonna open the
first present babe me Chloe this is your
present babe get you a phone
it's a bear too baby
Oh row any songs it's super soft Thanks
yeah like this something like this I
would wear wearing you know I love mine
never blogging oh yeah you need new I'm
getting what could it be
god you're welcome open it up I love it
thank you
oh yeah I do need I've never had any
like this she's been using some makeup
brushes that Ashley had when she was in
middle school these are gonna feel
really soft guys look at the ring Ashley
got me it's so pretty I love it
I love I got stopped okay feet are
always cold come here and I got a beer I
needed to do in Sao Paulo it's beautiful
go okay Oh a piece for have you get it
right so we just been chillin not too
much has happened I helped actually
build a whole bunch of her furniture for
her room and we put it together you guys
have to see it is so pretty so adorable
yeah hey oh my gosh so mom and dad got
her the desk in the chair and then she
got a new headboard
recently and then I got her this bedding
with some of the pillows oh my gosh it
looks so good it seriously looks amazing
ah the dreamcatcher
I love the dreamcatcher I'm obsessed
with her room it's so so cute and I feel
them festive so let's put on the throne
Santa hat yeah I think it'll go really
good with my blue you know let's do this
oh I should have been wearing this all
morning a lipstick enough dude cuz it's
cheap oh my gosh
I love it I love Christmas I love
holidays I love everything daytime so
it's a little later now and my mom went
to go get lunch and I actually have like
an hour to free right now so I think I'm
gonna try really fast to film my what I
got for Christmas video so that way
tomorrow for Christmas I could just like
enjoy the day oh my gosh it's Christmas
I'm excited I'm like so excited um oh my
gosh okay um first of all and you're new
to my channel hello i'm is alicia marie
and i would love for you to hit that
subscribe button
uploading yesterday's vlog sorry it was
a little later today obviously my
morning was a little busy but it is
uploading it's actually processing right
now hey guys so it is now or 41 p.m.
guys this is show comfy anyways I am
just like chillin in my onesie yeah
Ashley is drumming at church all day
today if you guys didn't know she's
actually on the worship team she plays
drums extremely well so every Christmas
Eve she's usually gone all day my mom is
actually with her right now cuz she just
wanted to go watch and my dad's here
he's just shown he was watching some TV
and I was filming so I think I'm gonna
do a little editing also my vlog from
yesterday is up so that like helps a lot
I do need to hang my stocking that's
such a fine at good time this morning is
so nice and obviously everything is not
about presents whatsoever like obviously
that's not what Christmas is about I
would much rather edit most a day to
night show that way tomorrow Christmas
Day I can do like nothing and just like
chill and my PJs I don't know if I'm
gonna put makeup on tomorrow let's see
well so we're going to do some editing
let's do this yo is now at 6:59 p.m.
I literally just edited this entire
video I
edited a video that passed and so I
don't even know why I was just really
easy also I think it's cuz my computer
was being very happy today
and now I have to choose a picture for
the thumbnail there's so many no it's
cute I totally put slow in there to show
you oh my gosh okay so I'm playing with
a thumbnail and I think this is what its
gonna be
Oh Chloe likes okay yeah oh my gosh
you've got it so bad oh I just kick okay
guys so I've just been chillin and go
poop hey hey we were talking and we were
sad that we haven't seen each other yet
we haven't even given each other
everybody
oh I love your numbers yeah yeah this
isn't the same anymore I miss Christmas
it's with my best friend's audience
cheers I'm Mike with Chu and it fit
Lucky's 2013 2013 oh I'm glowing you
know we are going to give each other a
kiss
oh we got Mimi's presents right here
be sincere Mimi Pacita playful Ashley I
was like make sure she doesn't give me
anything huge because like I taught you
okay my nose you guys know yours no no
yeah we're good okay can we tell you a
family um we decided that our big big
big present to each other is going to be
going on a trip with going out here
we don't know where next but um we're
next we're going oh where should we go
International local several places
wherever country hop like let us know
comment London where should we go and
the entire world go boom go been
dismembered
it's a notebook is enough for you a
legion notebook for a new year I love
oh I said there's all kind of a theme
yeah Billy I thought you had one but I
was like I don't care I'm gonna get
another one I put one in my Urban
Outfitters cart and I forgot
really oh my gosh yeah you're making one
memories oh I'll go do it
mm-hmm you mean it need to take the
world it's a little Polaroid notebook to
fill all of our Polaroid grantor again
what it was yeah this is the last one
huge it tastes like it's a girl do you
get it it's like it's like us traveling
the world Hey yeah it's all true yeah
there's a fear of traveling okay Merry
Christmas
ooh pick me look whom are you feeling
hard I didn't give a car what's wrong
with you we could watch it I love them
I'm gonna wear them all day tomorrow see
there's no other my stop I'm in wani I'm
like trying to make a point you got me
this book I've been wanting books like
this I have my gift more than you left
me no mm I guess
I went to finally grammar I love
them they still stick because it's maybe
I'm like update so we are back from
church she was really good as she did
amazing
so did Harry actually walked a little
bit on her camera so if I remember I'm
gonna try to put in some footage from
that
the most one I am now and I think we're
gonna go to my parents house tonight
even though it's really late so that way
we can have more of a day there tomorrow
with Ashley's birthday and we want to
celebrate his birthday Tara's here we're
gonna give her our gift tonight because
we thought it was cool that it's
Christmas to turn the Alisha oh yeah
and it looks like you so I got it for ya
I'm gonna wear just oh yeah
okay so I'm going to end the vlog right
here I hope that you liked today's vlog
we're actually gonna head out to my
parents house it's about like a 45
minute to an hour drive and I saw some
packing to do and stuff so I'm just
gonna say goodnight now and I love you
anime Christmas can't believe vlogmas is
basically over which is so sad i'm going
to miss this intro Matt's gonna live
yeah I love you guys and I'll see you
guys later bye everyone goes tweet
Ashley happy birthday
