hey guys good morning I think it's like
11:00 but 1:15 something's actually
already early today I had such a
productive day already
once the gym at eight came back got
ready then planed out to my video that
I'm filling today all before noon that's
intense it's really intense I wanted to
apologize to you guys I totally skipped
two days of blogging and I know like
Malpeque of a deal but to me I was just
like really upset with myself I even
said I was gonna like only miss one day
and then the next day engine missing -
yesterday I just had like a bad day it
wasn't bad I was just like fresh zero
Chloe's looking at pooping right babes
were you doing is looking at the window
are you looking out the window babe as
she's just looking out the window so I'm
so so sorry about that but I'm back
vlogging I don't know I really don't
like when I have footage from like a
week ago or a couple days ago I just I
like having a clean slate like each time
so if I miss a day like even though I
blog a little bit those days I just like
don't like putting it up I'm weird
whatever but anyways I hope you guys had
an amazing new year this is the first
vlog of 2016 it's my first video that's
gonna be up in 2016 which is crazy so do
me a favor and comment below your new
year's resolutions and let me know what
they are I still want to like write mine
down because I haven't done that yet but
my main one for this year is to have a
more balanced schedule I would love love
love if I had like a weekly schedule of
like being up early and productive and
just all that stuff let me know your
reason so much let me know your New
Year's resolutions and yeah what else
hello Ashley why straighten my hair
today this is like a first well first
for you guys to see I straightened it
yesterday but I didn't blog so so cold
it's breathing up I'm in my robe and
pants and socks because I'm so cold
especially my room my room is extra cold
like I don't know why it's just extra
cold we don't like it so we are about to
film I have to change I'm skipping a
sweater on I'm in such a clumsy mood I
just wanna tie summer a sweatshirt I'm
in such a talkative mood today oh my
gosh I have had coffee but that's normal
no I think it's just I'm just excited
new year new slate okay it's my
battery's watching so I'm going to
charge my battery for a little bit and
yeah and then you guys can see a little
behind-the-scenes of me filming today I
know you guys like these types of videos
although it's mostly a talking video so
there's that it's not like too much
behind the scenes but that's always fun
hi pretty girl
you are so cute I can't I can't where's
your toy where's your joy oh I've got
ten subscribers today I hope we get 20
tomorrow because honestly you will get
caught up into this coding be proud of
it and the subscribers will come I
promise you don't be doing YouTube just
to have a million subscribers like if
that's your motive then you're gonna
fail um Paul Rach okay sorry
have my like helpline on here Oh go make
YouTube friends and you'll be good babe
because no like that's not no no I
honestly don't know what I would do
without the friends that I've made
through YouTube it's been such a journey
so I think it's really so I do think
it's really important to have that yeah
we filmed the video and I feel so much
better no that's done but you guys let's
really have 54 minutes of footage to
edit chosen sit-down video I don't have
a lot to say get off my chest
whoa literally I talked for an hour I
talked for an hour so long done I cut it
out fewer things to film your thumbnails
tonight eating edamame I just have been
my stain lately
we're gonna brow mmm no smiley so good
chillin
it's my new favorite spot in the house
my things with in arms hmm I don't know
it I want to do like all of our hard
boiled eggs just chillin there we like
heard building this stuff is bombed too
if you shop at sprouts you should get it
oak is the log takeover with Ashley
what's up guys it's been a really long
time I was thinking about that as I was
walking to my car I haven't done a vlog
take over for Elysion quite a while miss
you guys hi we just finished filming for
Alicia I had lunch and now I'm gonna go
get us coffee because it's right about
that time of the day when we start
getting tired you know what I mean - ish
is usually when I'm just like oh wow so
I missed you guys
this is fun
BAM that's what I'm talking about
so this concludes our time together away
from takeovers with Ashley I hope to see
you guys in Alicia's next vlog soon
maybe I'll make an appearance there I'll
be fun
also I have my own vlog channel should
go check it out Ashley Nicole blog and
done yeah ding ah I don't like how the
red cup article I don't I I don't like
it oh no
hello mum branch can brand brand
apparent skin does anyone know what vlog
that's started and well I know it wasn't
bought coz me and my friend Alicia my
best friend from high school her name is
Alicia if you didn't know me and heard
that in high school a time we always
seen brown chicken brown cow but like
with Mia we started doing the branch
breath breath like the rapping chicken
do you know I mean good move I wonder
what vlog that was it's so bomb my gosh
you guys it's time to take down the
Christmas tree I didn't even get a
picture with it well my vlogmas intro
Loki that's what just get it we needed a
Christmas tree too so you come with me
into my room Oh PS a there is a bookshop
right there public service announcement
ok T my room to my debt Wabo hello me
from the past because I was sitting
right there well I was filming it yay so
I'm going to drink up my latte and do
some editing yay I'm really missing the
red cup ok I feel like my goal for today
is to just like edit this video honestly
so hopefully this vlog isn't boring I'm
hoping I'm hoping I'm hoping to upload
it tomorrow it might go up Sunday though
but I'm really hoping to upload tomorrow
I might Wheatley am I really here to
just shine a little only my skin's been
so dry because like the cold weather yay
oh I did post Instagram it's too I think
that's a good time I don't know is too a
good time to post Instagram and Ashley
helped me decide what picture to post
next on Instagram can never lose
sessions without me
I need help though this will be here and
this will be here this will be here
but anyway it's ready boom yeah it's ah
definitely adds a more wintry vibe
hashtags now what so now we are
currently I'm filming me vlogging
fun fact I totally changed my top and
put my hair in a ponytail so it would
look like it's a different day even
though it's not a different day but only
you vlog viewers get to know that yeah
one of the perks to watching my vlogs is
you get insight on things yeah both of
this video or this clip that I'm
actually filming right now is exactly
for the video so when you watch it
you're gonna see me talking about me
filming that clip for the video and yeah
comment love you a latte in the comments
of my main channel video when you see
this clip oh yeah I think that makes
sense yeah you and I'm saying you know
I'm trying saying whatever hello and
update um it's currently 10 or 11 p.m.
after i vlogs last i filmed and edited
so much it's like this video I'm so
happy those videos mostly done it's a
little long I think it's like 10 minutes
and I've no I can't I cannot remember
the last time I had a 10 minute video on
my main channel like that is a lot to do
me a favor and watch the whole thing cuz
I worked really hard on it really really
hard on it and in the video is actually
a part where I call I called me and I
called Nicky boy wasn't planning on this
but after I filmed that part I ended up
talking to Nikki for over an hour on the
phone I swear me and her like we
literally will Skype for hours and we'll
talk on the phone for hours like we can
just talk so much together it's like
really bad and literally just been
sitting here at my desk editing for so
long yep it is 10 to 40 SEC's of ham
BAE's like mostly done though I'm really
really excited total of 10 minutes and
39 seconds I feel like that's so long I
don't know let me know if you guys like
longer videos or if you like short
videos feels really long but getting it
down from an hour's worth of footage to
10 minutes is really good like I
literally cut out 15 minutes worth of me
talking that's really good
um I feel like I need to give myself a
little more credit guys look how cute
come oh he is right now my no I was
asking Ashe to watch my video and
Chloe's just chilling here I can't I
can't
oh I is now 1138 p.m. well I actually
think I'm going to start editing it
because tomorrow I'm medically gone all
day so I really think I should edit this
vlog tonight at least most of it I think
when I don't want let's do it
hey guys so I'm gonna go to bed actually
got quite a bit of that video edited
which is nice but I'm going to do the
rest of the morning along with my main
channel video of you guys in my next
video and yes I'm gonna change to my PJs
cells ok uh
