hey guys and welcome to I keep saying oh
my gosh welcome to December 29 Oh tank
you ass anyways today's an exciting day
because you're having a girls day up in
Oakland I'm with Ashley
Tamron and then Terrence friend Rachael
is not here right now but she will be in
two seconds you guys will be here later
anyways so before we embark on our
journey
um I we had to make Starbucks Ryan and
Ashley went in and got some for me
because I can always hear like no
Sundays day without to stay with her
we're dropping her off at the parents
house so that way she can play while
we're gone all day young rock I
know Joey got a protein of Easter box
and we got a good nice or vanilla latte
with no red cup I swear the Starbucks is
out of red sorry kids I'm sad and it's
anyways I can't he's never going up :
Myrtle yeah money mono is Rachel let's
go let's do this I'm gonna eat this I'm
really excited
if you haven't had this before you
totally need to try it sis my face and
its boundaries
I'm thankful have fun with playing with
the brothers yeah I'll bet it I love you
in a bit hello hello
she's like peace
no music
crazy baby oh we're all singing rebound
Oh cold it's all chilies mostly the
shade after that's good yeah everybody
takes a picture most of shakhter clothes
that's okay so outfit change we're up to
taste okay so all the shops are closed
we weren't expecting so it's a little
just turning to kind of like a picture
day but hopefully I think just more open
like maybe down
but guys there's so much more snow than
I thought there was gonna be it's so
pretty
what is going on this is Rachel say hi
Rita I think she's afraid she's like I
can't I can't
oh my gosh I'm surprised how much
sneller is here me gonna wear my boots
Ashley gave me or in this like a little
wash flash bitch
we climbs down the very steep make it
down so down Oh worse
Oh guys is my vlog ah that's my first
time okay good here's a deal I don't
have an accent so we can't pretend I do
so right now there's a photo shoot
happening do you want to see what so in
their element look at that hi oh and you
get 100 there it is
do the snow dance
good evening sue and email whoa whoa
concealer to church here now and a
little little candy Stewart what do you
want so Metin beerus oh what a name
Kimberly Kimberly and Heather and
Heather nice meeting you guys you can
deal it around here uh yeah yeah oh dude
flash we found the popcorn fresh butter
no crime over thank you outfit change
number three okay so we're in a
different little like little shopping
it's so cute and there's all the room
like I don't know just I used to come
here all the time in like elementary
school or field trip I'm just like
growing up so it's like throwback you
know it like major krobak yeah they're
called
oh oh of course you get your Apple later
all right chocolate one fudge bag
what do you want you in front oh these
are so cute all these moms look at that
 Oh what's an ice bucket we're
rocking it so pretty it's so pretty and
wintry we never get winter we found
trees and know we're gonna be gonna do
this we gonna do a do this do this what
would be the best yeah can we put it
over Stuart yeah we got some really cute
pictures I'm so excited I've been
wanting some like wintery Christmas
pictures for the longest time
totally awesome especially going to
Hawaii going to Hawaii my Instagram
looks so summery like I want to look
Christmassy where we what are we doing
Emily now there's talks of a snack we
have a reservation at Benihana later
poet violet that's a lot later some you
know so there we go
whoa right here's the outfit ready Oh
Edie this from version one this from
Topshop scooters Abercrombie socks and
forever hugs are boot but boot boot drag
BJ it's so pretty it's so pretty so
pretty and witchy and wrong and I pity
snow if I slept right now I would
probably cry just cut and black and
scream screaming in left whoa so cha how
like running and dancing for joy
okay going to the face oh yeah the baby
we are here to get a snack because we
saw like power
reservation gonna get another propane
I think I'm gonna get another person
not too many options second time today
that's fun so it's currently 552 Tuesday
December 29 then we're just chilling in
settle we have like we had like an hour
zone we have half an hour to go because
my update for you
she cares
change out of the skirt change some more
appropriate clothes yeah someone should
totally count how many times I change
outfits in this video because I think
it's like four or five let's go eat
finally it's time for our reservation
eunuch steak and shrimp and extra bread
rice and today same leisurely pace
though javi I went to Benihana it's boss
so then what's not so fast fried rice
the whole entire why are we so cute no
family hey guys still we're home now and
I'm going to go to bed because I'm so so
tired I really hope that guys like
cheese vlog and I will see you tomorrow
with you one
and I'm guessing okay ah
