hey guys so if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog you're probably like yo
yes I dyed it and um yeah so you should
go watch that blog if you haven't ya
still not used to it probably will never
be used to it um we're just gonna play
with it we're gonna play with it we are
currently about to film a video for you
guys and I love you watch a couple
blocks ago I mentioned that there's an
extra video this week so get excited for
that anyways I'm chilling here in PJ's
with my fuzzy socks again because my
feet are always cold
oh those cute and super exciting we are
filming for the first time like an intro
with my new bet I'll not do that in my
new room boom I feel like we got really
good setup like the light the lighting
lighting looks good later we would love
to do some Christmas shopping cuz it's
really relaxing
well these together I think I'm going
with mom Tuesday anyways let's do this
yo yeah surprise I identify as color
layer change layer whatever I'm like I
what is that okay guys so so we just on
the intro as you guys saw and it went
really smooth what first it wasn't
smooth but then it went really smooth
and not so fun fact I think I might be
getting sick knock on something wood
there's nothing what around me oh my
gosh just kidding I'm not really
superstitious like that but I just do
anyways yeah I like woke up with a cough
and like hey and I kind of I just feel
it coming on but I already chugged one
of those like it's a called emergency
type things that make you feel better I
with me that I don't get sick because I
really don't want to get sick for
Christmas I feel like I'm always sick
during Christmas time like always not
gonna lie also I put yesterday's vlog
public so now everyone knows that my
hair is different and yeah there's
there's some mixed feelings but it's
okay I feel like overall everyone likes
it which is good I mean obviously like I
did it for me not for you guys not to
sound like weird like that but it's nice
when you guys also like it posted this
on snapchat so you guys should follow me
on snapchat if you aren't already in the
description box
okay walking coma Annie and her cute
little jacket we're going to film so
she's coming with us
dog goals yo what up s-- we are at the
gym and we are gonna do some clue
cuz it's worth of New Year's video
without some fitness boohead ignore some
rack do some Christmas shopping let's go
still got my coffee overs lipstick all
over it we are excited we are ready to
conquer this yes let's do it
a homework going out we're goin work to
win it yeah so absolute score at
Nordstrom Rack I got so much stuff for
everyone so crowded in there I'm sorry I
didn't vlog I was like on a mission like
yes I gotta get stuff nothing
Ashley's frustrated cuz you didn't find
anything I've seen a couple like one
more thing for Dad two more things for
Mom and then I got Taryn Taryn I got
your gift Kit Kat I got you a gift
hmm y'all got this bag in that bag
what up guys so parking is not fun right
now we're just taking oh right say and
then let me go yeah I'll be a prick
broke forever boom got some soy glaze
and a mommy
II may excited I'm very excited Cobra
yeah
the common Cheesecake Factory to get
this weekly to the mama is babe so mom
even if you don't like out of mine
so I got my usual kale and quinoa salad
but I got some salmon on the side of it
like on top of it so that looks really
good and Ashley got the same salad but
you got chicken on the side so yeah
you're gonna eat I keep trying the cam
around and like not expecting to see
what I see I'm so excited
the sky is so beautiful oh my goodness
even in person it's so much better it's
like pink and purple and good so I have
a long night of editing which means I
got to make some coffee and yeah really
though I'm so excited
did you do can you get my security what
up guys update time it is 6 o'clock 6
o'clock exactly p.m. that's awesome got
my coffee as you can see I don't know
why I'm chilling like this I just am so
I'm so yeah I'm currently editing got it
cut the clothes I love candle um I got
some like nice relaxing music on cuts a
tree lit I'm just chillin relaxing
editing because I really want to get
this video up for you guys tomorrow if
not Tuesday probably focus on my face
please my face is right here focus on me
so yeah hey guys what's up so so it's
been a while since I blogged who's
actually 12:03 a.m. a.m. awesome I'm
talking to my niece because I have
whitening strips in so yes you kind of
can't really see it you kinda can see
them most I can just hear I fee like
talk kinda funny anyways I've been so
productive tonight I am like really
really excited about it so embarrassing
but I totally completely forgot I had
homework due tonight so yeah it was
doing midnight aunt luckily I got it
done but I had a discussion board to
work sheets of paper to write and well
store something else something else
Oh like extra credit thing holy forgot
about it busted it out did it in like an
hour like everything which was crazy
because the paper was actually really
long and then I think I'm completely
done editing in this video which is
really really exciting it's the New
Year's one that I've been talking about
so I think that could hopefully go up
tomorrow or the next day but oh my gosh
you guys I'm like I'm so excited I've
been so productive and I'm just like yo
I think I'm gonna start editing this
vlog next to you right now it's just me
chilling at home Ashley and Taryn went
to Hillsong
I'm out in LA
so they'll be back on be like 40 minutes
or so which is just enough time edit
this vlog also I've gotten a lot of
comments about my hair for the most part
you guys like I know it's going to take
a lot of getting used to like I don't
expect I honestly don't expect you guys
to really even like it right now I feel
like after a couple weeks it will start
to be like okay yeah I like it now but I
noticed a lot of comments about everyone
saying how it's really brassy and yellow
and like the roots are weird I thought I
said it end the vlog but I guess it
wasn't that clear yes I know it is like
super super brassy right now if you look
closely it's only brassy in the middle
not like the roots or the ends so no
even I don't want it like that like I
don't like it so there's only so much
damage you can do to your hair so
obviously like you can't go from dark
hair to like platinum blonde in one
sitting it usually takes two or three
sittings and you have to have at least a
couple weeks in between each session and
then for the roots I am going back
Wednesday to get a couple more pieces in
to wear it like flows better I do agree
that it's like boom like it looks like
it's just like grown out roots if that
makes sense I do want some like
natural-looking roots but obviously I
know this is not natural looking but
again we were doing damage to my hair
for like three hours straight so if we
kept like going it just my hair would
have like fallen off like that's like
not good we don't want that so luckily
my stylist had an opening Wednesday
morning it's not like okay one time like
this is how it's gonna be for forever so
yeah I don't know I just want to clear
that up I know a lot of you guys are
like I like it but it's yellow and your
roots look weird if I know don't worry I
thought I thought I only explained that
in the last vlog but apparently it was
enough of a wine I just want to update
you guys and I'm going to do little more
editing and yeah I hike noe oh did we
just wakey ah oh you look so cute just
laying there in your little bear hey
guys so it is a lot lighter it is now
116 a.m. it's kind of late I've been
singing blader lately and I don't like
it I definitely prefer waking up earlier
I feel like it's just like whatever
anyways I got this vlog edited up until
this point and I feel like I should go
to bed so I'm gonna say goodnight to you
guys thank you so much for watching
today's vlog and I don't even know I'm
gonna title this I don't I don't even
know anyways um but yeah I'll see you
guys later okay
