Morgan running guy and make a Christmas
oh my god it's December 25th vodka 325
the last day of vlogmas this is so sad
so so that's what time you're going to
see that intro take a moment
anyways Ashley I are currently asked our
parents house a little little different
than our apartment little bigger a
whopping group and we are currently
making some breakfast I'm like a chef
today yeah made some pancakes obviously
I'm not that good of a chef because
they're just like a qualm there but
shout out to you guys who remember my
healthy breakfast video from forever ago
if you remember D banana oak can cakes
forever my favorite pancakes are so good
we're in that video and I made them
today
whoo bangers birthday and Ashley's
birthday happy birthday thanks guys fun
festive episode not every birthday sit
sit sit good boy good boy Whitsett ready
they okay lay down good boy this is
Theodore everyone most of you know him
some of you know him and we got Chloe hi
say hi good morning Ahmed it is my
birthday and it is a great day and I'm
just so happy for you hope you're having
a birthday breakfast boom in fact I love
pinging oh my gosh
yah this looks so good banana pancakes
with some berries and sausage egg whites
and bacon oh and then you put the honey
on Oh
we're gonna eat and I'll talk to you
guys later
Oh
good morning
no he'd have been chillin we were
watching The Grinch drinking some coffee
cuddled up on the couch on and I was
tucking with toby zeo and chloe all
three dogs i was in heaven
okay open my present you the cards on
top push yourself to go for your dreams
getting young guess you'll ever be today
I'm just a law I know little blog said
are you dancing as neither box your
uncarrier I needed it yeah to open it
down I'm check it out yeah oh you get a
pic where you want your ticket to take
you oh we gotta go on trip it's gonna be
so fun you outcome I love it thank you
um run for your room get to save that I
will take you so far
you back up happy birthday we love you
okay
we totally surprised Ashley one of her
presents was to go see frozen on ice one
love frozen to you I love ice skating I
used to be an ice skater
for like a month and as a hobby good but
it really a guy liked it
I'm literally in sled like I kind of
like cute but you know the beanie house
reason anyway got our ticket yeah so
hey guys so sorry I haven't blogged in
the home time the show was really cute
it was really good we had fun I didn't
log any of it but I did post I think one
or two things about my snapchats good
chess it mo see that but better you
splashing oh my gosh I feel really bad
that this is the last day of vlogmas and
it's kind of short I'm just I feel like
when I'm at my parents house I like
forget to walk does that make sense I
don't know I'm just like out of my
normal rhythm and stuff but I don't say
I feel like this vlog that has been so
amazing I don't know I feel like I
really grow through it and hell through
it but like with it I appreciate my vlog
channel so much more and my blog fewers
so much more I feel like I don't know
like I love you guys one thing and this
channel specifically has grown it so so
much in the past year it's so crazy it's
just mind-blowing to me and it's crazy
to think that that many people would
care to watch my channel like not even
my channel like my daily life oh my gosh
- have any of you been subscribed to me
on my main channel since the pink room
oh actually I decided to spend the night
one more night because you're way too
tired to drive back home tonight they
got kind of late and I'm in my old room
and it's so weird and I miss it - I know
a super pillow
Oh yesterday we snuck in my old pink
room so yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
most likely in the new vlog and I I'm
gonna miss you thank you so much for an
amazing vlogmas and I'll see you guys um
real soon okay
