good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 23 oh my gosh
so it is actually currently 9:29 a.m.
and i just put up yesterday's vlog
that's up right now let's let's check it
out let's check it let's check it out
dun dun dun dun there it is boom yeah
Christmas shopping last-minute Christmas
shopping with ma mama I was actually
trying really hard to get that up
because I have to leave pretty soon and
 faces ones done I'll have any
makeup on I have an appointment at 11
out in LA for my hair
as most of you probably know let's make
it better I don't know if you guys can
see and you can't really tell but it's
raining outside so my guess is traffic
is gonna be even more horrible than
normal ok it says an hour so if it I
love it I can feel it like maybe 15
minutes ok I leave in 15 and 20 minutes
it should be good I'm gonna hurt you so
fast get my makeup done oh no where's my
concealer where are you oh they are
under there boom I idiot like a table
out here so I can I can set you guys
download do my makeup this little like
know where I can put you here backward
that that's kind of that kind of work
hit those under-eye circles
boom make it was done I did it so fast I
don't even have eyeliner on I'm just
like gotta get out the door hey I'm
gonna change super fast and like go got
my coffee and my but first coffee cup
okay so i just actually went at Albert's
doing some coffee but my hair is so much
better than why is that I'm so excited
the roots look way way better I'm like I
can't hold everything
I got a snack and some go yes oh my gosh
oh
what you died what you guys okay so I'm
actually headed out she's definitely
goes to my aunt's house because my whole
family is there so I'm going to meet up
with them I'm not sure if I'm going to
actually go Hawks are stirring the dough
I'm not sure if I'm gonna vlog too much
there so I have it in the car for like
an hour to have already driving from
Alex and company essentials long drive
like it's really pretty here and there's
no traffic anymore which is awesome we
are just so pretty guests believe also
my battery yet may die but I know you
guys can see you but my hair seriously
looks so much better than it did it's
which makes me so happy the roots are
like way way better like this is just
softer all the way around I'm like
really fast down this bill
slow down before I get a ticket but yeah
I just want to update you guys that's
why I'm driving so yeah you can totally
see it so much better now like the roots
aren't really a problem anymore like
obvious it is a little bit but I'm like
a little bit oh I'm so excited it looks
so much better you can still kind of
tell the little brassy like right here
but honestly like they did an amazing
job so much better whoa anyways I just
not finished at my aunt's house and I
didn't vlog honestly I wasn't even there
for that one I was just saying hi
because everyone was already like
leaving by the time that I go through
anyways I'm gonna head home now and I
think today I'm just gonna be wrapping
some presents whoo you guys dude this
sunset is so gorgeous wait wait for it
it is so pretty oh my gosh so pretty
ahh
hey guys I'm home now and I'm just going
to wrap some presents I actually just
went to Target and got a bunch of gift
bags and wrapping paper and stuff we're
gonna wrap the presents and we'll the
charge my battery so I can plug more
later and yes that's what's going on
literally I'm gonna be wrapping presents
all night because we're opening presents
tomorrow and yes so anyways let's go and
do it for the bags that I got I thought
this Santa one was so cute
and then I got a lot of the like paper
ones with the gold little detailing on
it
and then it's really pretty red sparkly
one which is nice movie are going to
teach it back I feel like I've been here
every day for like five days oh no what
are we doing
so update time it's been such a long
time since I've vlog so I am so sorry
but I was happy to present and then
Astra was like yo I want to get dinner
do you want to come I was like yo sure
so me Ashley and Harun went and got some
food and now we're at t.j.maxx because
my dad well it was huge so cute you
wanted us to help him get mom a present
from him we are looking at the purse
section mm-hmm
so now we're looking at the wallet
section they will it you know they had a
lot more the other day makes sense
Christmas is in like two days wrapping
some presents we are wrapping up Oh
Chloe looks like it ready
doesn't it I wrapped these one and
there's a tree that's not on should be
on but it's not on what time is it
I'm so tired and I feel bad because it's
long is so boring
really though like I'm so tired I'm
gonna go bed but I don't even know what
footage I got today I don't think I got
like hardly any so that's probably like
a four minute video I'm sorry hello my
mascara is like everywhere my makeup
like not even on anymore
oh cool killer run there we have been
wrapping presents
all night don't if you want to do in the
morning then yeah but anyways I'm so
sorry food blog sucks but anyways I was
tomorrow was a very very very exciting a
vlog because it's our Christmas tomorrow
which is so exciting like I said earlier
yes anyways I will see you guys tomorrow
and yeah I love you buddy
hey my oh my god bye bye seebik people
yeah thank you
