morning guys what is up welcome to
vlogmas day 22 oh my goodness it's been
like three days
that's intense and for us it's even
sooner because technically we celebrate
Christmas on Christmas Eve just because
Ashley's birthday is on Christmas for
years now years we've always done like
Christmas Christmas Eve and then we
celebrate Ash Lee's birthday like all
Christmas Day so for me Christmas was in
like two days
oh my god but because of that I feel
like I should finish my shopping today
because um yeah who else is with me and
not finished Christmas shopping yet
that's another thing I feel like happens
every single year I'm usually like
shopping the day before Bloodless yep
yep I'm one of those people 50 is a day
full of Christmas shopping lot is like
what my day is devoted to my mom's here
hey we're gonna go shopping have a lot
of things I want to get Ashley she
obviously can't be there so we are going
to head to vine I think do some shopping
out there I still gotta get Khloe's
present too
oh no we um yeah don't forget about me
Mom I need my present so sassy morning
was a chill morning I got my vlog up
which was exciting that's always
exciting I think Sharon got ready and
yes
Ashley's also doing some Christmas
shopping today she's shopping for me so
we obviously couldn't shop together
because we're shopping for each other
let's go get some coffee because I've
had coffee today yet and we can't go
shopping here is my outfit of the day
beanie is from Free People jacket is
from Lulu's shirt is from American Eagle
leggings are Victoria's Secret oh and my
shoes are Steve Madden trooper boots
that is the I'm wearing and it's like
raining out so I haven't excused
actually like dress all warm there we
are
I think we're gonna go to Target first
and I really want Starbucks okay if
you're Janet Target I didn't know if I
should show what we were getting because
it's all for a fleece oh I'm trying to
decide if I want to show you guys ahead
of time when I get hurt or if you guys
should just wait to see like the
Christmas videos I didn't vlog normally
I definitely would have logged in there
I didn't do my hair today because I knew
I was gonna be in the rain and it was
gonna poof and that's what it's doing I
guess it's a bad day to choose an
outdoor mall to go to
we update still haven't gotten coffee
and it's raining but I like it cuz it's
raining I guess one good thing to it
raining is that no one is really here at
least on this side of everything true
come empty and I like it
ready a little harder now oh my god but
exciting I just got Mia and Ashley's
cousins all figured out
getting some Veggie crew
okay so we're now heating up veggie
girls and I don't want to guess which is
really exciting and a little burger got
me and done I got a student yep
any one more so I got me almost salad
got some buffalo beans
mom got a sandwich and some soup and
we're going to eat because we're the
home moms having umbrella issues so I
can any one more thing for dad don't
know what to get him
I think I'm gonna head to Nordstrom's do
it they have the Sports Authority yes I
look like a pack mule right now so many
bags everywhere so I just met Surrey and
I love your name I think it's the most
prettiest name ever thank you are you
having some fun Christmas shopping I am
a are you yes we please luckily I found
a lot good
do you wanna shout out your Instagram
sorry fry I'll call you
so we've done some damage we do fishel
II only have one thing left for my dad
to get we're just chillin I think
Chilika okay yes okay we're back at
Target I want to buy I didn't want to
buy so many bag options but there's not
many boxes mm-hmm
got some bags so much wrapping paper
finally
dude I've been waiting for this all
morning still have not had coffee it's
like what four o'clock yeah there's so
much blood in this picture it
they're a little family Oh mom got to
you I didn't say okay guys super super
successful Christmas shopping
last-minute Christmas shopping this is
amazing
we got like everything I think I'm about
everyone we have one more thing that mom
wants to get Ashlee so we're gonna go
get that it was good
so that and we got most of it done
within the first like hour we got here
maybe like one
yeah it's 4:30 I'm so proud I got me his
gift I got Ashley's gift I got my dad
stuff and I got mom stuff oh yeah
oh yes and guys I bought myself
something too I got an umbrella from
Target it's one of the clear wines that
I'm really excited about it because it
was raining I think today I was like oh
I'm gonna need this I've never had I
don't like this I'm really excited so I
kind of hope that it pours so I can use
it got my coffee finally first time at
drinking my coffee today and it's 4:30
what is wrong with me just gonna assume
you're gonna get on the way shopping
we didn't that's okay so excited for
this not the venti skinny soy vanilla
latte if you were wondering I always get
questions about what I drink I feel like
I said all the time though but I do
think it fast a lot I'm always like
skinnies with no luck it's Christmas
time we don't hit traffic heading home
probably gonna be a lot of traffic right
home but hopefully we got coffee in
we're gonna have Christmas music gonna
be good you have to feel good Cheers
get my coffee addiction
hany days with my bag and they spelled
my name right guys I was hoping that
happen and we're headed to t.j.maxx
hoping to find one more present for
Ashley is this not the cutest nightstand
you've ever seen all right love this I
think that is so cute guys I feel like a
failure today because I keep not
vlogging but because I don't want to
show you guys like Ashley's presence
that were kidding don't want it to get
ruined for her so I feel bad that's like
kind of a boring vlog right now is it
hope it's not looking at pillows for the
couch because we still need pillows for
our couch bays we're back at the
apartment my mom left she's on her way
home and yes also don't mind my beanie
like line I got going over here so I'm
currently Christmas like no other right
now we are playing Christmas music with
the tree all lids and Chloe and I are
wrapping some presents so if you are my
mom KitKat or Taryn or Ashley anyone who
I actually like no no stop watching this
vlog in case you see your prison yeah
it's just such I'll let you exit exit
okay
Bobby oh my gosh and look I got my
parents a Labrador ornament if you
didn't know we have a lab at my parents
house his name is Theodore and we love
him so much so those Bo cute got some
books I got a wrap got a robe I gotta
wrap some perfume let's do it khlo let's
do it khlo
Ashley's present isn't here but I'm not
gonna show you guys I'm so scared of
someone like screenshotting her what I
got her I don't know like I don't want
to think anyone would do that but you
never know you never know that's there I
need tissue paper really bad to put in
there ha it's like literally just
chilling in there so so yeah I present
for my mom Oh got a present for my mom
but likely um they already wrapped it so
I think it's kind of cute like that what
do you think lo should I wrap this or
should I just like leave it I think
that's kind of cute like that I think
it's kind of cute like that Oh getting
lazy no I think they should own a wrap
it
have scotch tape though that's important
oh my gosh you guys have to see the
birthday card that I got for Ashley it
was that urban and it's like a swath I
thought I was so cute
happy birthday crazy animal sauce are so
cute they're so ugly the cute well Chloe
you're in the way don't know how to fold
this world is changing rearrange in
legit though having so many and she's
trying to fold up this box maybe I'll
start with something I don't even have a
collage team I don't even know what I'm
doing right now what are we doing I
don't have tissue paper I don't have
scotch tape aka I can't wrap anything
bouncing date finally got some paper
let's do this printer wrap this doesn't
do 100 Christmas
I don't care about the present one
enough for Chris don't care about the
presents underneath a Christmas tree
question of the day what is your
favorite Christmas song comment down
below I think mine is all I want for
Christmas by Mariah Carey or under the
mistletoe by Justin Bieber I love that
let's see but this is like laughs like I
love this song it's my favorite songs
ever
yeah we got one present let's wrap it
with some ribbon and maybe some oh wait
we got these we got these little
nametags and then this really cute like
twine stuff fun fact Ashley always loved
having like a theme with the Christmas
presents like the wrapping like a
certain color whatever this year she
really wanted brown paper with the twine
type of thing that's what we're doing um
there's a couple bags that I bought at
Target that aren't really like that but
I like it kind of goes I think I think I
tried to get some that match who's dead
who's that good night
my mapping puritans boom we got some
presents wrapped this one is too mom
love Leisha this one is too dad love
Alicia and a so cute
just oh such a man hey guys so it's like
midnight I think 12 something I was just
gonna go to bed and I want to say good
night before I do anyways I hope that
you liked today's vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow with vlogmas day at 23 I love
you guys so so so so much and I'll see
you tomorrow with a new blog and yes
okay bye
