hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 14
yes it is 14 and it is currently Monday
and today we are leaving Hawaii we're
headed back home but this morning was so
much fun we got up really early and we
actually swam with some sharks that was
crazy it's really glad we did it was
really fun they weren't like attacking
the cage or anything they're just kind
of like chill and swimming by and we're
sitting there like oh my gosh look my
heart was beating really fast and I
sometimes they came really off like
obviously I blogged that so I'm going to
put all that footage in here right now I
hope you guys like it
my job creating
yeah um let me know in the comments if
you would totally swim with sharks or if
you have a fear of sharks or if you
don't like the ocean I don't know let me
know would you would you do that it was
really fun I recommend it if that's
something that you think you'd be
interested in and then after that we
actually went and got some acai bowls
from where Sally hello Paula Eva Bowl
and those were so good it was actually
like I think the best acai ball I've
ever had in my life and I've been
craving that so much lately so it was
good
I'm very excited about them where are we
all evil yeah and this look is over so
we got that was our shark tour thing and
it was so much fun we are now getting
acai bowls and this looks so good cats
been talking about it the entire time
it's like this cute little like Hut
thing so weird seeing like Christmas
presents here like Christmas decoration
is so hot it just feels like summer too
because I need a picture of my bowl week
but yeah we are packing up we have all
right stuff we're actually gonna go drop
it off at the front desk and then go get
some food really quick and then head
back to the airport to catch our flight
home I'm sad to leave it but I'm really
excited to see Ashley and Chloe oh I
miss you mama so we have to say goodbye
to word are few bye
it's five I know fellas by people by
chairs that I never said in it was
really hot bye doc bye boys until next
time cuz I'm coming back I know I am
getting some lunch with a gorgeous view
we are at traffic at the Hilton
and so I got a burger and it looks
really good cake I got some nachos I'm
gonna still some what I call why would
she stuff
so up taste of 333 p.m. was that our
site left at 305 we had to get a new
bike
so yes we totally missed our flight and
to make it even better we are stuck at
the airport for seven hours
wait six and a half yeah yeah I think
I'm gonna upload yesterday's vlog
because that's not okay and I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna do I'm gonna get some
star bees like three times I'm going to
a trap away hold on is it okay please
yellow please just anymore anyways I'm
going to upload it oh there's a bird
buffalo anyways I'm gonna upload
yesterday's vlog because I couldn't
upload it this morning cuz wife I was
going to a hotel for whatever reason
that we're going to happen it
okay so just my blog up and now I'm
going to make sure and like you know
working good watch it on my phone once
make sure it's good he's in the
subscription bug but I charge my mom
camera yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you go
watch it go watch it watch it go go much
it going
oh yeah
not a good update it's been an hour
Neverland Bay update we are moving
location now
6:34 snapchatting mia and we're going to
move to our gate because because they
have announced what our gate is 28 and
we still have three and half hours going
strong going strong met some viewers
shout out to you guys and I look like a
pack mule do you ever wonder what the
life of a Starbucks cup is like where
does where where does it go like this
Starbucks cup happened to get chosen to
me and it's going you know do you mean
like and I'm going to LA and I bet it's
telling all his friends like bye guy
than maybe I've been chosen Oh twice or
me what is your Starbuck journey it
could be a thing
Starbucks pick it at a stop extreme I
like it
hashtag Starbucks journey never won tags
through Starbucks and different
locations oh my gosh another Starbucks
my bays are everywhere so many babies
anyway so many DME
I got basil state we are boarding in
like two minutes
so I think the update your boarding and
then two minutes gone by
actually wasn't us a burner this is so
heavy
going home
Thank You Buddha sliding down
to our players arrived aka we
and we get in five am I
and quickly we shall see
and we go everybody
right
I think we have a whole road to yourself
really
I'm so much more comfortable blogging
hello
we have of Hawaiian Airlines and your
entire flight crew and it's been our
pleasure serving you
gay guys I am on my way home look who's
here Ashley yeah she dyed her hair can
you tell it looks so good looks so good
like I just wanted you to keep sending
me pictures I made it I was like ten
more pictures anyways I'm gonna in this
vlog now because technically it is
Tuesday obviously because we had a
red-eye flight on it's the next day so
I'm just gonna end this because I'm
gonna start today's vlog in like couple
hours I slept the entire flight like I
fell asleep probably like probably
during takeoff I think honestly and then
I woke up after four hours and we had
one hour left in the flight and I was
like dude yes I was happening anyways I
love you guys so so so much and I will
see you tomorrow
actually I'll see in like three hours
but wool I'll see ya
I'll see you later bye bye bye
