hey guys and welcome to blogeee mistaked
hello oh my gosh I just realize we're
like about hat we're halfway we're
halfway through baldness that's so sad
we're already halfway done it's crazy
we're by really fast up but anyways it
is currently at 9:41 a.m. and I'm
chilling here in the hotel room actually
working on yesterday's vlog uploading
right now but I saw a thumbnail to do 44
minutes so this gonna take 44 minutes
Tablo that's not cool
so this morning I actually woke up
pretty early like 7:30 ish it's because
the time change is amazing because we're
two hours behind to California time I
wake up at 7 and it's really 9:00 so it
feels like to me like oh like oh my god
enough sleep but then it's really early
here which is awesome so anyways I got
up and I made a Starbucks run and got a
protein Bistro box in malate but can
someone tell me what's wrong with this
picture anyone they like gave me my
drink and I honestly stared at it for a
few like seconds something's wrong like
something something's no what is it it's
not in a red cup and then after I
figured it out I was like oh like
something looks different and yeah so
yeah um guy coffee currently editing Kat
and Mel went to get some breakfast and I
told them loves like go ahead because
I'm just gonna get something small and
do my vlog because hashtag vlogmas got
it upload every day tomorrow I think
we're gonna do all of our like
snorkeling and that kind of stuff Pat
really wants to swim with sharks that's
what she really wants to do I'm like
we're here for your birthday you guys
can do it okay so I'm sure you guys saw
yesterday's vlog but we um there was a
cockroach incident and I'm trying this
is embarrassing but I'm trying to put
picture of a cockroach in the thumbnail
because that just makes sense but I'm
legit having trouble searching for one
saving it and editing it they're like I
legit having trouble it's just ugly and
I don't want to look at it and then I
and then I even thought of like asking
Mia to edit it in for me because I know
but she could totally do it and would do
it for me Mia I was gonna text you and
then I look no Alicia you can do this
you can do this I can't I can't I can't
I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't
I can't
I can't I can't it's just a picture
Alicia it's just a picture you can do it
you can do it you can do my gosh never
been diagnosed but I am 99.999% sure I
have a some sort of degree of a phobia
of things with six legs because hair
grows later just do it do it okay I'm
gonna do it hmm I can't do it I can't do
it I can't I can't I can't
me I'm gonna take you right now oh my
gosh Siri text Mia what's do you want to
say to me hey can you do me a huge favor
hmm me me
bye like he's bad good man you're like
donuts cracked yes oh my gosh donuts
with powder or yeah powder or no sugar
and then different fillings okay we go
box us wait have you had four you have
you haven't I I'm trying to chocolate
one doboj easy is it bomber what I
didn't get any chocolate but dude this
is no custard one then yeah I'm a
custard fan hey guy oh my gosh it's so
pretty okay so first of all huge
shout-out to Remi aka Miss Rumi Ashton
so I texted this morning and she
literally text me like two huge
paragraphs of things to do out here
which is so sweet and she didn't have to
thank you and me for watching this so
we're going to one of her stops good
yeah a little deep
path which isn't too bad that's bad oh
no expensive busy so pretty it's so blue
this is so gorgeous it's so blue Remi I
love you you're my best friend right now
oh my goodness I can't I would I can't
oh my goodness it literally it looks
like blue food coloring
like it actually looks like water with
blue food coloring
oh my gosh you guys it's okay
this is gorgeous oh I can't get over how
pretty it is here it's so pretty okay
before my makeup splits off let's try to
get oh my gosh there's a ladder right
there it is so hot I put my hair because
I don't want my curls to fall and now my
shirt is off because it is so high
wedding like I'm actually dripping sweat
as if I'm like working out jumping off
cliffs the only way I could ever jump
jump jump off a cliff like this is if it
was like a whole bunch of people and it
was like certified like yes you're
allowed to jump off from here other than
I think it'd be way too scared it's so
clear
go down there where they are I don't
know how to get down all right yes you
can just uh can I live there that's what
I want to know can I just live there if
you ever see me being like hey guys I'm
moving to Hawaii just kidding I could
never for that ah I got it so we're
driving on the coast and this is so
okay so we're back at the beach
Lana Lana crabby whatever it's time we
called so pretty I think we're going to
chill here for a little bit we want to
be back at the hotel like an hour an
half inch so I think we're just gonna
chill here for a little bit maybe swim a
bit this is a beach right yesterday
where we took pictures it was so pretty
so we are back and I remembered
flip-flops is tube yeah okay so back at
the hotel
I'm you're headed to you with some we're
just like a little beach euhh okay ah -
RA yaa p.m. okay imma find it okay I
don't think I think huh why actually I'm
so jealous that you live here and that's
all I have to say that was so sweet I
just read some of you guys oh my gosh oh
so we're gonna do it ascent at the
resort here because it's so pretty it's
so pretty I also really want to go
swimming in the pool like before we
leave
oh so pretty the Sun just set and I
think we're gonna go swimming because we
haven't really gone swimming yet we've
been defeated we don't like wham-bam
we're going to some soup when it
I could literally smell like a week just
in this area you know they made ready
let's go
so today because we're sitting here
thinking of the Nicki Minaj song which
is like and identify Kiki could we be in
Waikiki so swimming was so so much fun
we're back in the room we showered
because we were all sandy and saltwater
II but now we're going to go to dinner
at hula grill look real I can do that
one let's get some food
Oh what up guys so it is currently 10:53
p.m. it was really good and we're really
tired so we're going to to bed
pika and melt there I'm about to edit
this vlog that you're currently watching
and that way you can be up tomorrow
anyways I love you so so so much and I
will see you tomorrow with love mistake
13 boom
