hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 11
which two big exciting things one it's
my favorite number day happy birthday
you
which is why we're here in Hawaii you
have to follow my last couple vlogs that
yes I'm here in Hawaii
very very interesting night after I
uploaded yesterday's vlog I remember I
feel nuts likes one part yeah guys yeah
I was having like oh no show bad okay so
we're at just like cute little hotel
next thing we know it's really late at
night I'm getting ready for bed I'm like
taking off my makeup and I I feel
something on my foot and it hits me like
oh oh my gosh no and if you know me you
know I like have a deep fear of insects
and spiders and that type of thing
that's getting my friend I don't
exaggerate I just like I get anxiety
fast ideas real around real chocolate
was really real so I look down at my
foot and there is a huge cockroach on my
mind you me and Mel are on the bed like
falling asleep and then leave is like
and we're like what and then she's like
and and Mel saw it had wings and we were
all freaking garage shop we were joking
that we jinxed it because we were seeing
that song yesterday we saw a restaurant
that was called that and yeah so long
story short um without getting into too
much detail we were at a different hotel
because the other hotel was not that
nice
didn't really care about the incident so
we're at a doozy I'll give you guys a
hotel room tour later but you have to
see this view we're about to go get
breakfast and stuff but I really want to
show you great buddies and dun-dun-dun
oh my gosh this is beautiful it is so
pretty
ahh hello people down there I can't oh
my gosh oh my gosh so you have a little
patio which is just so cute and yeah so
that's our view from our room and it is
gorgeous and we are just I'm loving it
and it was funny cos last night I was
like after everything I was like I
should have blogged because it would
have been hilarious seeing a reaction
and then even when we came back here we
each like would look through one bag to
make sure that there weren't any more
cockroaches that came with us and we
were like freaking out um but I did film
a small part yesterday at the hotel when
we were in the elevator leaving I might
be too embarrassed to actually put this
clip in there because I was a mess I was
crying I was like hyper I was bad it was
bad and I know some of you are like it's
just a cockroach to me it is not I feel
like my life is in danger Ock analyze
okay um I'm still freaking out and
disgusting I hate all bugs
I don't you hear em every sweet car like
this yeah so good news ah yeah anyway
let's go let's do some food we're gonna
go to wear boots and chemos to get it
macadamia nut pancake also if you guys
have been here or you live here please
leave recommendations in the comments so
I can do specific like restaurants today
I think we're just gonna explore the
whole island kind of go everywhere gonna
go to North Shore we're gonna go to
cinematic Ivy yeah um
we're gonna kind of go everywhere and
then do more like activities tomorrow
like snorkeling and all that kind of
stuff if you have cute Instagram places
mm-hmm no gonna go let's just guess
where we are to be Hawaii is a definite
place
yes very excited about this get some
coffee
this is really good this is the best
I've had in a really long time what you
get trial of cases
a sandwich
pretty continue on kailua road ride look
at this we got my morning okay this
looks so good we're here at breakfast
washes lunch
okay so we're I'm gonna
I always forgive any that we got this
really cute little leg behind your plate
there noted and macadamia nut pancakes
these look so important for a local
charity and then I got sausage fried
rice and to a and The O'Jays bombing
okay we're ready what's hot freaking
game
so we're on our way to what they called
CAD Lanikai the lanikai beach cat
literally knows the name for like
everything and where it is and stuff
some that's what happy her twenty first
time at like a there's this madame akin
to see it's right there okay so yeah
that is that word you in and I'm so
excited
got my camera I'm a ball camera gonna
get some really pretty pictures this be
just gorgeous and I live here oh please
can I like have a family member who
lives here this is another police look
at that other coconuts in the tree guys
like song I forgot to switch my shoes if
my sandals are the car it's so pretty
you guys the beaches turquoise and I've
never seen a turquoise Beach and the
thaw like that's all I wanted in in life
and I see it
it from lemonade yeah
it's so pretty okay so we went to Wow
Wow Aloha lemonade I think those both
first of all they come in these adorable
jars which I'm obsessed with until again
and I took a couple pictures right now
I'm gonna take a picture of the license
plate with my converse that was so cute
and then we are on our way to North
Shore if you get the shrimp from the
shrimp truck do have on each other oh my
god did you get it yeah time is episode
six it's currently 606 p.m. and we just
sat down for dinner and we decided to
get to you Giovanni's shrimp dude I love
shrimps I'm kind of really excited and
I'm a little worried about being let
down you're not gonna be let down
