good morning guys what is up and welcome
to vlogmas day 19
we are doing some last-minute Christmas
shopping we are at Cabazon outlets
hopefully I can finish all of my
Christmas shopping I already tweeted
that I've done like most of it it's
pretty much all done by Stav a few
little things I need to get so I'm
really hoping I can finish just get it
out of the way get it done we used to
come here all the time when we were
younger
it's changed so freakin much I love when
malls are decorated all Christmassy puts
it in the holiday spirit where should we
go what should we get for people that is
the push I don't know I don't know great
right now
talk about Christmas - oh look who just
want to go shopping for myself like Marc
Jacobs are done like so cute and they're
all like where to next
we're all just wanting to finish it
smells like a chair out oh can love
churros
Paxton oh thank you let's see if I one
get one for me this looks come yeah
that's key yeah way this look he reminds
me of the Beverly Hills ones that I wear
every single freaking day so I choose
from packs at this is so Nikki okay this
is a new level of awkwardness that I've
never loved like this and like I'm
literally sitting down talking my camera
and I know people are walking around in
mccutchin Joe Murray are in store right
now so I'm actually about myself
but today's been good we actually woke
up super early and we drove out to Palm
Springs who on the little air tram thing
oh my god they're currently on the tram
we just got to the table is so freaking
gorgeous can you see this come you'll
see it Palm Springs is right down there
yeah just can't see I asked you to go
boomerang at me I'd love to you waiting
you know it's gonna set you right back
yeah we decided to climb a rugged
terrain and we made it so we're
currently on this rock rock boulder oh
my god you guys the view is like so
freakin pretty the sun's very intense
I'm like squinting hardcore mm-hmm it
looks Beautif it's so pretty we're doing
so much nature stuff I love it ash
looking like Pride Rock over there it
was so much fun like it was this is
random and fun and we had so much fun I
can't believe it's been two years since
we went there because John where you had
brown hair I had just dyed my hair
blonde there's been a thumbnail if
you're wondering which is crazy we did
that we got currently getting some lunch
at our favorite Mexican food place in
Palm Springs I think we come here
literally every single time but when we
come here totally forgot to vlog what I
got for lunch so that sucks too now and
I'm kind of struggling I know like what
I want to give people I still like
the stairs so real right now but it's
cool it's what you figured get used to
it by now but still gets me right on
them Silesia is struggling I haven't
gotten anyone any present and I was
hoping I could get it all done things
huh we can where should we go
well now she heard it Steve Madden okay
we're gonna definitely go here
Oh buy-one-get-one 70% off yeah yeah
yeah thank you
these are so cute I love let's see hmm
okay didn't find too much at Steve
Madden that's okay invites too much
anything apparently people are not used
to cameras here I've gotten way more
looks than I think I have the pests like
to mother No oh yeah we just stand out
in general yo the saxophone player right
here is killing it
I went Christmas shopping all day and I
only go skipping leader of giving I'm
just saying I think this is everything
was so cheese so hey just go shopping
tomorrow hey guys what is up
so we just got back home and I am so
freaking tired
knock on the water but I think Alicia's
getting sick and I really don't want to
get sick I was honestly exhausted all
day I even like took a nap in the car
and it was just like very hard for me to
vlog today I was just like exhausted so
I'm very excited to go to bed it's I'm
more excited because I don't have to get
up early for any reason so I can kind of
try to sleep in alright this baggage
sure as I read Oh baby I love you guys
and I will see you tomorrow with a new
vlog and yeah
love you guys bye and then so I'm up to
you guys soon it might Stella Backlund
is that way better way too hard to bring
it down so I'm gonna put you guys in my
backpack I'm gonna go down then we're
gonna head out for this incident
cinnamon
