morning guys and welcome to blogeee this
day 17 also known as December 17th so it
is currently 10 11 a.m. I am editing
yesterday's vlog I just sat down to
start editing it I've noticed I've been
slacking a little bit
normally my vlog would already be up by
now but I've been waking up later lately
I mean I get better I need to start
waking up earlier I'm really rather than
that right now question what were you
doing at 10:00 11:00 a.m. today but
it'll be jester day when you see this
I'm so curious a comment below
are you like in school are you doing the
final are you showing at home are you
working or like let me know and then we
can all be like hey I was doing that
well you were doing that that mean uh
sense but it kind of did anyways I'm
gonna start editing this and yeah okay
so the video is exporting which means
saving if you're not familiar with that
means I look saving the final thing dump
the thumbnails do but I figured I was
gonna get a coach break I should working
on a project I'm editing we're just
having to chill chill chill chill
morning like my sock I couldn't find my
cute ones what don't even match Oh a
little water she's still at my parents
house
she should be coming over tomorrow
though so that's that's exciting but I'm
a little oh yes let's do this have
enough coffee yet
we'll do the women good un
Oh a blonde her that's the worst thing
ever take do I'm a creamer take a
creamer that is beautiful it looks and
sound and beautiful everything oh my
gosh yeah okay this is so full Linda
it's like so full but more my hands are
cold Sena fact my hands and feet are
like always cold no hits
put the cream back in the fridge
currently wearing a bralette as well as
this huge like oversized oversized
resting and my not matching fuzzy socks
I'm purpled out today what so the blog
is up it went up not too long ago so be
sure to check a little I've been
replying to comments because I told you
guys we're gonna try to reply to
comments a little more on CN yay you
guys should get ready because I really
want to film it's 1144 a little later in
the day oh my gosh Oh ash I realized why
I haven't been getting up early Chloe's
not here I'm always paranoid that
Chloe's gonna pee on the carpet she has
a little bladder and just be asleep for
like eight hours I don't know like I
just don't want her peeing on the carpet
especially cuz it's new it's a new
apartment so normally I wake up at like
7:30 every morning to take her out it's
like routine and I realize like wait
she's not here and that's why I haven't
been needing to like get up super early
because I'm I I just stay up after that
I don't like go back to bed but Ashley
actually has to go back um to my parents
house tomorrow so she's probably gonna
pick her up and bring her back well I
got a lot of work to do today I should
do some work
oh my gosh she wise so I realized that
Christmas is like next week I haven't
done any Christmas shopping whatsoever
so today Ashley's really really busy so
I was thinking maybe I can do some
Christmas shopping today and I realized
like even if I order things I don't even
know it's gonna come in time I mean
unless I pick like overnight shipping
like yes it'll come
like your last day because from spurning
I know I think they would be like my
last last day I could spice itself I
also need a good present for me I'm
gonna make sure I see her before
Christmas I haven't seen her at all me
me I'm miss do can you come over or can
I come over because I miss you really
bad and I haven't seen you and as weird
having vog miss without you because
every year we are in each other's
vlogmas like every day so this is me
right now it's really cold so I put on
my sweatpants and I have this blanket
but I want to do my makeup here again
cuz it was like really just like chilly
yesterday do my makeup here like sitting
dumb in front of the mirror that I have
this towel because I don't want to get
any makeup on the carpet and I just look
like a hobo basically anyways I'm about
to do my makeup and watch some vlogs
well I do my makeup someone making is
done and my hair still kind of curled
from yesterday so I'm gonna try my
hardest to just like let it stay you
know dududu looks decent
whatever now I'm gonna happen because
Chan busy so much he's young see ya
thanks Damian well she's on her break so
she came over whoo whoo up daytime it is
currently 1:35 p.m. lunch is really good
and yeah I'm just trying to do some
filming I also have a final to do some
time between now on Sundays from trying
to figure out if I should do that today
or I'm going to do that later until
forever not over the fact that my room
has good logging I'm just chilling here
this is oh my face pop-up window I don't
wanna mess I still want to really like
decorate my desk really nice I don't
know what I want to do but I want to get
like I don't know maybe some like
artwork or something up here like a
collage maybe of like I don't know yeah
I'd like it's just it's not like
cluttered cluttered it's just I want it
to be like yes my desk
um yeah had a little bit more to film so
I think I'm gonna do that now and then
head to the mall I don't know I don't
know what to get my family I don't know
what's came up friends I don't know
anything okay so here's my OOTD for the
mall I'm just wearing up my hat from
urban jacket from urban shirt from
brandy pants from American Eagle shoes
our Nike ro sheets and I look kinda
matchy-matchy a little matchy-matchy but
I don't care I'm just like comfy like I
don't care yeah I have to exchange this
shirt because they left the sins are on
it as you can tell and I have a few
things to return
target so ya gonna do some Christmas
shopping hopefully I find something more
like praying I find something because I
have no idea what I'm even going for I
know what's gonna happen I'm gonna go
and only like find stuff that I want I
do that happens to me every single time
I'm like going Christmas shopping
oh it's fine stuff I'm like wait but I
really want that just kidding I switched
into workout pants because I mean look
way better bed looked from be okay so I
just went to Target to return it to
things I figured why would I blog that
because I was like we're turning himself
yeah I'm gonna hit them all hopefully I
see Christmas presents it's like pretty
in the feeling you wanna leave this
hobby no they don't teach we're just
chopping and I got a couple team
so sorry I didn't get too much footage
when I was logging I'm out and about
still the hiccups from like five hours
ago not cute so I figured instead I can
show you guys a mini haul of what I got
shopping yes this was supposed to be all
Christmas shopping and it was only like
50% Christmas shopping but I did get a
few things for Ashley for Christmas in
her birthday so I'm really excited about
that obviously I'm not going to show you
guys that because I don't want the
chance of her finding out so you're
gonna have to wait for her what I got
for Christmas video to see what I got
her for Christmas but anyways I actually
got some really good deals from
Nordstrom you guys I had to get off the
sensor on it this top so that's what I
did I did that and then I also saw this
top which I really really liked I love
top shops shirt I feel like they fit me
really well they're really well made
their spec they're not just like super
super thin everything else for the
apartment Nordstrom had this really
adorable cutting board so it's mostly
marble and in this part look wood right
here this thing is so heavy but yeah we
don't have a cutting role we have a
couple carny cutting boards but like
really small it was the last one like
it's a sign I need to get this and then
they also have this really cute little
book says eat more desserts it's like a
the really cute dessert recipe book like
there is some really good yummy looking
stuff in here but that's what it looks
like if you're wondering let me find
like my favorite before I'm a battery
dies oh my gosh oh my gosh not like so
good and then I went to TJ Maxx and I
got three more book I got at Jane Austen
fencing sensibility I actually have it
too ever want actually have a few other
ones in this book collection but it was
50% off at t.j.maxx normal under $20 and
it was $9.99 I keep having it it was
only $9.99 so I was like okay obviously
I'm getting that like I love this so I
got that and there was two of these Kate
Spade books I thought would be really
perfect for the bookshelves over here so
I got that one and then I also got this
one which is places to go people to see
yeah just like a whole bunch of places I
don't know I thought it was really cute
Chelsea I'm done I'm done anyways I'm
going to eat and charge my blog camera
because it's about to die any second and
yes that was my mini haul that's what I
got and yeah
I'm done so it is a little later now
really have just been chilling here I've
been doing a little online Christmas
shopping my gosh I told you suppose I
like match my whole like bedding right
now my shirt or jacket whatever yes I
ordered Ashlee's Christmas present and
it's gonna be here in time for Christmas
I'm really excited about that but
helping my mom come up with some
Christmas ideas well until I've been
doing this whole time I've been thinking
like oh I should be blogging so I was
like wait need to vlog before it gets
really like I just made a quest bar and
I heated it up in the microwave and
those are like that's like one of the
best ways to have it is heating it up
for like 10 seconds mmm
but lo here's like warm cookie dough for
me probably shouldn't be eating it on my
bed because of my new bedding but I am
so there's that
me and my clock bar anyways I'm gonna
get my quest bar watch some more vlogs
just kind of chill here I'll update you
guys if anything big happens but are you
alright hey guys so it is now 12 28 am
kind of late I just finished editing the
vlog that's going up tomorrow aka the
one you're currently watching just want
to say goodbye before I export it and
stuff but yeah tomorrow I'm actually
uploading a main Channel video with you
guys Friday right yeah it's okay
tomorrow I'm actually uploading a main
Channel video so I'm excited for that so
you should be excited after you see this
look out for a another video on my
channel and a little bit I don't know
that my eyes are all like watery because
I John anyways I love you guys so so so
so much I'll see you tomorrow with
another vlog and yeah fuck
