we're good morning guys welcome to
vlogmas day 16 oh I'm currently editing
at yesterday's slot well actually this
vlog is edited it's currently exporting
and then I get to upload it and then all
I have left you is thumbnail and yes
mannequins made today well probably cuz
I slept really good I slept like really
good really good so I was kind of weird
but um there we go that's better
my hair still wet I shot last night
let's with it web is currently it
is currently at 9:43 you can't see it
but it's currently 943 my phone died
last night so it's charging eyelid I
have 62 unread emails this is just so
fun there's so many spam lines oh my god
so made some coffee because coffee made
some coffee because coffee oh yes good
morning sunshine good morning to you too
just a splash maybe a little more
massage
yeah oh yeah oh yeah doo-dah
I've always wanted to have hard work for
I can do that and I finally can and
that's fun
although nothing's like Mia's apartment
hers is so much better but we'll get
there one day
how are you guys what is new tell me
tell me about your life in the comments
yeah I'm gonna watch some YouTube videos
well I get my YouTube video up see we're
gonna watch Ava's blood cuz she just
uploaded and the boom ticket bought bag
is still chillin on the couch at our
chair knees is knees logs yeah it's up
go watch it I like actually it fun fact
I took that thumbnail picture this
morning because I didn't have a good
picture for the thumbnail so I totally
just took that right now but yeah I'm
excited I'm honestly really excited to
eat this like I didn't want to open it
until I got like some pictures of it
today um but yes we're gonna open that
Sam cousin cuz yeah okay so you know how
like you're in YouTube and you click one
video and then the next thing you click
another video and you another video and
then you end up at some place where just
like how did I get here literally me
right now I'm learning French I don't
know I like I was thinking how I really
wish I like stuck with okay so in high
school I took like two two years two or
three years of Spanish and I was
actually pretty good at it and then it
also took a year of sign language then
I'm also taking a year of sign language
but I was like man I really wish I like
knew some like European languages and
stuff oh if I could learn one what would
it be and I was like well it probably
Italian or French so then I was like I'm
gonna learn a language no clue this is
gonna stick with it but I thought like
that could be a fun hobby of just like
trying to learn languages like obviously
I'll never master it because like you're
supposed to do it like before
adolescence of like really mastering it
whatever I don't know part of me wishes
I was like dang I wish was like
bilingual or even just like and a little
bit to see that oh yeah I know like a
few things I don't know so I'm here
learning French yeah so tell me if I'm
horribly off for learning excellence
right now yeah I'm doing good on it's a
little bit the same but she goes in the
other Rick learn French in five days big
woman
yeah okay so I'm actually going to meet
up with Ashley because she wanted to go
to Panera and we can like plan out my
video that we're filming today and get
some food I haven't had breakfast yet so
that's really good and yes she should be
here any second to pick me up
that's where we going this is my
wonderful OCD do you want to opt it
loves donut eating oh okay um first of
all this is like a long-sleeve shirt I
got from brandy I got in Palm Springs if
you remember that vlog and then this and
then this like huge over the size like
cardigan that type very comfy thing is
from Urban Outfitters I thought it when
I was on tour and I wore it every single
day then and I'm wearing it every single
day now it's really comfy and then I'm
just wearing these like black sweatpants
from Abercrombie & Fitch and they're
like my favorite sweatpants
they're like the jogger style but they
don't wrinkle I hate when that material
is like wrinkly I like absolutely like I
will not buy something if it's like
wrinkly material oh my hair okay bye
anyways I love these they're like kind
of baggy but then they get tied ankles
and then I'm worried about Huggies cuz
yeah so that's what I'm wearing it's
like it's pretty cold here oh my gosh
especially from coming back from Hawaii
where it was like 82 every single day
and it was really hot coming back here
and it's cold is like weird but I would
rather it be cool because when Christmas
is in the winter for us like it's just
you know like you want to feel like cozy
and whatnot anyways it lets go I think
Ashley's already here um but yeah woo
we're at Panera hey how's your final Oh
yes I'm talking about yeah okay step I
gots my usual salad the Mediterranean at
quinoa and chicken and Kumamoto and then
I'm trying the on squash soup ash that
it's good I'm really wanted soup today
and you get it back in it Oh ask for it
and then I got a French begnettes can
use some butter to the let's try this it
looks hot
okay it's sweet but I like we could go
into the basement
copy it is a neat trick
I know do you see the Starbucks worker
Mad Dog your pair coffee I wasn't going
I had already bought in Panera coffee
while we were at Panera then we decided
to go to Starbucks get another coffee
she was like here can I help you in like
looked at me and then like look straight
at Ashley's coffee like I was from
Belarus that's our bucks worker doesn't
like me because every time I come in in
India with her she's like not happy but
like the first job dress through here
the person after she's like hey it's me
she has something out against me she
doesn't like my baby she's jealous of
you'll be named Joseph even put up guys
so I decided to do my makeup out here
today yeah I just felt like sitting down
and doing it in front of the mirror and
not standing do you guys ever do that
because I do all the time I'm like um ah
hello I'm vlogging I'm doing so yeah I'm
student makeup and watching some vlogs
while I do my makeup figure that update
you guys and then after I get ready
we're going to film all day because yes
and um yeah yeah so my makeup is done
and now I think I'm just going to curl
fair maybe just a little bit very like
just the end I don't know really rocking
up some Coldplay let's go and today ooh
boom boom my hair is kind of crazy what
do guys so it's been a while since I've
logged I'm kind of sorry about that
let's see let's see it is 251 I found a
little bit for this video already I
think I've filmed three two and a half
things for it out of seven soon it's a
start so we're going to go curl the hair
I still have to change the lighting in
my bathroom should do that like you know
what I think I have bulb somewhere woo
back of your head
do you like our bath and Bodyworks likes
- haha we always have a Crandall like
constantly burning constantly burning oh
wait yes yes this is what I want
Hey look them let's change them it's not
dyed - oh hello they're the wrong kind
mark can we all stop coffee update time
in his 6:03 p.m. i have been sitting
here editing at my video I think this
one's gonna go up next week already have
one that's going up Friday so I'm gonna
can study for that but another one's
going up um next week
Ashley and I and Taryn she's here we
decided to oak of him we decided to open
boom chicka hey are you ready I'm ready
is there a whole bunch of boom in there
do instead of just open I think there's
like boom chick in there like every time
possible right yeah she would hit that
oh dude I thought it was just in there
that's so much smarter though it would
literally go bad it would so go bad
I see nothing thing what this one just
the regular one I wish they had the what
is it both the cheddar pop yeah check
out for everyone in the bag yes please
thank you boom chicka for life
okay so Ashley nice tights you go get
some dinner sorry it's like really bad
lighting cuz we're in but yeah so we
drove out to this really cute little
cafe and that's gonna sell food this
place is so cute I like it good
it's here so so cute didn't figure out
what I wanted to drink I didn't order
until after you eat and now you know
what you get
I got salad chicken so I got a turkey
and avocado sandwich and it looks really
good with the word and I got eliminate
it's like a smoothie on top and
eliminate on top of them it is bomb game
no ants which is even better because the
lighting is amol in here it's like bomb
like bomb lighting might be mine you're
gonna cap it
hey guys so I'm going to bed is like
midnight hey I need a response in the
vlog it's a good night and then I will
see you tomorrow and yeah okay
