Warren hey guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 15 christmas is in ten days the
countdown officially starts that makes
me really happy so if you saw
yesterday's vlog then you would know I
actually just got back from Hawaii this
morning really really early our flight
landed at 5 a.m. it was a red-eye flight
so we were flying all night so after I
got home this morning I ended up falling
back asleep for three or four more hours
but that's ok now I am like so energized
which is awesome um gosh what else did I
edited and when I woke up I had
breakfast edited and uploaded
yesterday's vlog that's up swimming with
sharks and it was the coolest thing ever
so definitely go watch that if you
haven't yet and then other than that
I've just been so excited to be home
with I was so I loved Hawaii it was
amazing but I really missed the
apartment like I just missed like
sitting here on this couch talking to
you guys it was really such a fun trip I
loved it it was amazing and I'm
definitely going back I just I want to
go back it was it was amazing it's just
me here right now Ashley is not here
she's actually getting her eyelashes
done she's getting eyelashes eyelash
extensions so she's really excited I'm
excited to see them and then Chloe is
actually at my parents house they've
been watching her for the past couple of
days just because I was gone and also
Ashley has been studying for finals and
she's been her schedules been weird
because of finals week so anytime
actually and I aren't home for a long
time or something like that we usually
bring Chloe to my parents house because
she loves going there so I'm just having
a chill day at first I was like ok I got
to be protective I should film this
video I should do this I should do this
and then after I woke up for my nap I
was like no but just know have some
coffee this is leftover from this
morning definitely needed it to UM be
awakened I was in that I've just been
cleaning unpacking doing laundry I'm
just one of those days that you know I
should grab my phone small trip grandpa
thumb my room is a mess it wasn't a mess
when I came home but now it is just
because I've been unpacking and look
what came you guys Oh while I was gone
at my you dresser came at so I've been
doing laundry so I can like put all my
clothes in that Julian but I absolutely
love it I think it's perfect it fits
here perfectly I can't decide though if
I initially was planning on having it
here but then part of me is like well
maybe it'll look better there but I feel
like Lighting's better here so it'll
like look cooler and I don't know how
long that's gonna be there
actually for my DIY like forever ago if
you guys remember that video yeah
anyways dresser came excited about that
so my room is so nice and so nice and
clean if you can tell so anyways
I'm going to finish cleaning up and
doing some laundry while I watched some
vlogmas vlogs because why was gone
obviously like we were so busy I didn't
have time to watch all my favorite
bloggers so that's what we're gonna do
I'm really excited
okay so excited to make a little snack
and I was like yo I should vlog this I
don't know let's do it okay so we're
having some Greek yogurt Greek yogurt is
Bom and some raspberries and some
strawberries cut up the east
strawberries seriously this has been one
my favorite snacks ever so I was about
to have it then I was like Alicia no
wait till tonight when we've cut the
pineapple because I brought back two
pineapples from Hawaii but then I was
like we I really want it now so I might
have it twice today we'll see in the end
fun fact strawberries are one of my
favorite things in the entire world
they're so amazing like ever since I was
there my favorite I'm gonna just eat
that one
then as I'm gonna look just triangle
that until we're like dry cereal
whatever you want to do then you can use
honey or agave and I'm using a got it
cuz that's just what we got drizzle that
on top Baba does that not look heavenly
except I'm missing blueberries and some
coconut and pineapple whatever but this
looks amazing I'm really excited yay
honey
so good oh my gosh you guys I totally
forgot about this this is probably going
to be the most epic epic unboxing I've
ever done so if you watch my vlog for
awhile you will totally understand me
and you'll just like you'll know you
guys know how big of a fan I am of boom
chicka pop the popcorn yeah mmm the
kettle corn one though so I casually get
this email from boom chicka pop and
they're like oh my face is red and
you're like hey girl we want to send you
a little something too busy do you see
how huge this is this is literally like
this is huge okay so we're gonna open it
hey there Alicia Marie a little birdie
told us you like big bags of boom and we
thought nothing could be more
fantastical than sending our biggest fan
our biggest bag yet we've included
enough boom chicka pop to hopefully get
you through the next couple weeks lots
of love from our boom chick pop fan
tears oh my god
oh my gosh wait wait you hear anything
so big wait make that their biggest that
it says the biggest you guys digging it
right I can't right now I actually do
see that Thank You boom Chicka ha I'm
gonna have the nutrition facts take off
some hard I don't even want to open it
because it's just so epic set it here
I'm sure like a person I can't I can't
oh my gosh life-size boom chicka and
it's the kettle corn which is my fave so
huge thank you to boom chicka pop for
sending me this yeah thanks guys
and you know if you ever need someone
start a national commercial oh I'll do
it oh man okay that I just knew chill
there what are we doing oh that's my
pineapple Alisha brought me a pie apple
from Hawaii I can go I see but uh oh
your hair oh look it's kind of our in
this lighting but you don't yellow
better yeah yeah we're gonna hack I love
the island look real like platinum
blonde I got my I got my lashes done for
the first place
oh yeah your eyelashes I told them oh
but you're getting it they look so good
okay guys I'm so tired
so I edited this vlog and it's kind of
short and I feel bad my vlogs been kinda
short lately so I'm so sorry about that
but I feel like now that I'm home
hopefully it shouldn't be I mean like
today was an exception to this Upton so
sorry I'm gonna try my hardest to start
working on that but er step up Laguz
King well I will say I'm very proud that
I haven't even missed a day yet and I
don't even think I'm gonna miss a day
like I'm planning on ending this so
strong it's gonna be epic also don't
mind the fact that I am breaking out
like crazy I think with traveling and
stuff - like that didn't help though um
so yeah here so it is now cruising I
love my lord solo in 11 oh my gosh
that's so cool
I'm gonna go to bed I'm so sorry that
this is really short again um promise
I'll get better I'll see you tomorrow
love you guys bye
