poor guys and welcome to vlogmas day 30
a bridge set I just uploaded at
yesterday's vlogs that is currently up
blog mistake 12 my hair is a wreck don't
mind that I just took it out of a bun
today is our last full day in Hawaii
which is really sad because of that we
wants to do a lot of things actually
gonna go down maybe get some breakfast
and then go paddleboarding I'm really
excited for that and I brought my
underwater case for my vlog camera so
that's sorting let's get on with this
day yeah anyways let's uh let's go and
yeah okay practice right now and I got a
lot of career I'm really excited and
there's like a green wall here and
that's why it's like looking green got
some pineapple some papaya some great
some Greek yogurt and some honey nut
cheerios and I'm excited
the piece of your back at the hotel
we've actually been here for a little
bit we were just like I don't even know
what I was doing
oh it's adding some pictures for
Instagram anyways we are going to go out
and have an adventure
aka get some food go hiking go swimming
take more pictures and malasadas and
montage so much food so pokey malasadas
dizzy what else
little goodness oh man it's 214 so we
still have lunch and dinner to get so
that's why sounds like a lot of food at
once I promise I'm not going to eat it
at once
um yeah currently wearing to some work
out II clothes because we're gonna go
hiking also if you're not following me
on snapchat you totally should be Li da
Lu one more lead Lulu so we're walking
to the car and I just realized how
bright I am to my hat my shirt in my
backpack so you're currently hiking I'm
really excited because of you already
looks gorgeous
and I can't wait to see you too oh my
gosh Thursday here's grasshopper yeah oh
it flew but we're good or maybe it was
my grasshopper G little guy like the
camera doesn't do it justice update
we're almost there no oh man oh my god
so freaking pretty oh my gosh
okay I'm a man the camera does no
justice whatsoever
oh my gosh you want you're good you're
good
this is so beautiful oh my gosh I'm glad
we did it guys I'm glad we found it it
was a little hard to find so pretty you
guys are like I don't I love that
go ahead girl they look at her fearless
I've created a fearless monster in
Hawaii okay so we decided to pull over
on the road on our way back to the hotel
because the Sun was going down so we put
down the guitar for the convertible and
we're just chillin here watching the
sunset that looks so pretty oh that's so
cute break yeah okay so now we're gonna
go back to the town in just a nice women
Hey oh we're going to tune in here later
Oh tuna for our chick
oh yeah do it at dessert what up guys so
it is currently 11 o'clock
I've been sitting here at the hotel room
and smells amazing ash this is for you
straight from the Dole Plantation
I'm currently uploading actually I know
it's super super late but Ava and I are
uploading our CLAB it's just taken a
really long time to to get it up yeah
it's kind of cold so I threw my jacket
and I really want to do a show shall we
shall we go get one original and then
the new McCoy okay yeah these are really
bomb mmm I don't even know what it
tastes like I'm gonna have the original
ones this still kind of warm
it's like doughnut slash bread with
sugar on it mmm
there's no Airy hey guys it's not like a
midnight now and KitKat is sleeping so I
don't wanna wake her huh but I'm gonna
end the vlog I am so sorry that this
vlog is extra short I thought I had
plenty of footage and then looking back
I'm like oh I definitely don't it's kind
of short but I really want to go to bed
because we have to get up super early
tomorrow we actually leave to go back
home tomorrow but we're waking up super
super early so we can link up to North
Shore and do one of the like swimming
with sharks thing and a couple other
things so it can be really busy and I
got to get up in a couple of hours you
guys I'll see you tomorrow another vlog
and yeah ah
