good morning guys and welcome to blogeee
this days boys so now obviously we're in
the car and with a moment Ashley and we
are headed to my aunt's house
technically my great-aunt she's like my
grandma basically with San Clemente so
we are going to spend the day with her
and do maybe a little shopping or go get
some lunch or something just honestly
hang out they open some shops and
comedies we're just going to go check em
out and do something that puzzles them
to do I literally haven't even touched
my hair from waking up that's what it
looks this adorable so don't like that
yeah what else what else Mel uploaded
yesterday's vlog it is up Co should go
watch it like I said on every single
blog we should go watch my little
cousins on fun facts there has been a
fingerprint on my lens for the longest
time so here we go
let's say factually okay I fixed it a
well but the ante should be a super fun
day and yeah let's go
oh so mom brought a Starbucks this
morning she knows us so well we get our
coffee diction for perfect but my mom
you were such a great influence on us
ah so cute salt decorated Christmas so
we are happy the outlet as you can see
and we're just hanging out get Marian do
you want to say hi to my blog everyone
say hi my friend Dan Marian is we're
just hanging out on the shopping we were
shopping well not really I'm funny thing
oh we did we did buy off whatever way up
we also we rented a wheelchair I'm
weren't sure if we were gonna need it or
not just want it so I'm just sitting in
it because we rented it we have it for
the day so I told my mom ah that's cute
I love ornaments photo shoot time whoo
that's all we do and props you left
Oh forgot was recording awkward guess
where we're going doing it for the vlog
just kidding doing it for me because I
really wanted
Tiger butter they don't have my usual oh
you guys do I love caramel apples
chocolate is done cuz I actually never
tried Tiger butter so we're gonna have
to buy it this looks so heavenly yo okay
ash all you Oh tiger but you're gonna
like it cause it's like kind of peanut
buttery I likes peanut butter I'm like
white chocolate peanut it's like good
you taste it it's just very subtle but
it's not right MRI myturn myturn ER
racist
getting some veggie grill and I'm so
excited right now
we got our food I got my usual quinoa
power salad with chicken the buffalo
wings because they are amazed nests at
Mom's first I'm trying ant what are your
thoughts really good so good actually
went to get tender green but we were
eating and I'm so excited and so happy
right now
update my hair still a good crop hey-oh
but I mean somehow Buster's how is she
not Mary going
right near sports authorities I'm say so
this is Rachel and we're both doing
vlogmas day
maybe we should blog love your channel
I'm Greg and journies okay alright guys
you just yeah it's um it's Rachel Ray's
where you versus obscure named Mac easy
lovers to like much baby yeah your vlog
hello hey my area is Austin in your
pocket my sister watches your vlogs oh
wow I know I saw you guys eating at
veggie grill and then I was like what's
your name
Isabella she hand Gotland
my skating ring
to get these
wind rinky laughing yeah bye okay
inspection now we're on our way
hello nice car
hello other nice guy have a good night
louder maybe just a drink moisturizer
things like the mares like this oh boy
oh they say no no no
Oh
oh okay so action I we're trying to see
how much our brains think alike so we're
giving each other topic and on the count
of three you have to say what we're
thinking of it helps of thinking of the
same thing ready a soda
one two three ducks ever fast-food one
two three McDonald yeah car brand 1j
mini-game um favorite clothing store are
calling clothing store one two three
prep tonight
oh no I liked what to it look last one
to make a count of Orcs type of sport
one two three baseball caroling out the
window
/ this song what up guys so it is
currently 11:59 that's kind of cool
almost midnight
obviously we're home now I've just been
editing away
I edited edited all this blog up until
this point and I did my thumbnail for my
name√≠s video is going up I'm just not
sure if it's going up tomorrow or like
the next day but I've been working on
that really hard and we are currently
watching else literally one of my
favorite Christmas movies ever might
even be my favorite Christmas movie I
absolutely love this movie so much it's
like so funny oh I love it
start very um night I guess you're
trying to add a little more Stefan's
like yo yeah who also also I posted this
picture oh you can't do that one blur I
just make sure to Instagram today so you
guys should go follow me my username is
Mac need 11 and then go like this
picture and then comment on this picture
that you were watching the vlog when I
told you to go comment or like it yep
one of my favorite pictures never I mean
actually hey so I am going to go to bed
I'm sorry that this vlog is a little
shorter than normal
um but yeah guys I love you guys so so
so much you don't see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog Minnis and yeah
