morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
2 is currently 859 a.m. I might as well
say 9 o'clock and I just uploaded
yesterday's vlogmas and you guys are
really loving it which makes you excited
I figured I would vlog because gotta get
on that blogging go khlo money
thank you
yeah up it's up its up though gotcha
hey guys so um I took shower and I'm
currently getting ready and doing my
makeup and I'm a little bummed jammer my
old apartment I would always set you up
on the towel rack right here the one of
my old apartment was kind of like a cube
like a square type dealio this is
definitely a rounded one so it doesn't
just sit up there by itself which sucks
oh there go ahead so that's like I'll
have to find like some shelves or
something so I can easily vlog doing my
makeup and the morning lighting is not
good I need to switch these bulbs yeah
okay I'm gonna vlog later because this
lighting is not cute film much better um
although I totally realize I forgot to
put on eyeliner today we'll see if I
edit later but anyways uh we are headed
out to ask some errands to do I need to
go to Target and Home Depot and maybe
snippet our boats to get some coffee
would you guys like an OOTD of my pitch
today so my hair honestly just let it
air dry because um cuz yeah so hopefully
it dries decently well my jag is from
Urban Outfitters my shirt is from
Abercrombie & Fitch yes my Marc Jacobs
bag that we're all the time I got from
Nordstrom leggings are Victoria Secret
pink and I'm wearing my white converse
yeah that is my outfit bolsa Jenny hey
bye khlo we'll be back real soon okay
Diaby so cute oh it's bright but we are
currently headed to Cheesecake Factory
yeah
just posted us to Instagram let's see if
it looks good on the feed mmm
wait it's like really dark I never
normally do great but I like it like it
at you gonna Palm Springs like forever
ago I forgot to have it yay go follow me
on Instagram literally I haven't posted
in like a week this is that I need to
not do that hot day I'm a horrible
blogger and scratchy film at one my food
came got my usual kale and quinoa salad
and some edamame which is basically gone
so I'm alright it's the best thing ever
okay guys so I've said is she's press a
sh Li her favorite latte from coffee
bean is the winter wonder dream some
winter dreams one so we're gonna get her
one and spices Karen what say you say hi
can I have um what is it the winter
dreams tea latte can I get a medium and
can I get an extra hot okay
and that's all this Sun is not cute Oh
Sean this Sun look at
you
got a feeling that I'm going under thank
you - why is it so weird - because it's
letting go we are in the festive mood we
are listening to Christmas music here
comes Santa Claus comes in a clown's
back and Santa Claus lady hi can I have
a grande skinny soy vanilla latte
that's amazing
dad
my gun
thank you you imma be under the
mistletoe
we Watchmen follow the star way I follow
my neck saccas no salt
yeah so expand right now I got you
something my favorite
apparently Chloe got into the trashcan
while we were gone I just bought a new
trashcan so she would not knock it over
Chloe Chloe money look she knows No
so I am currently going to talking right
now because I have a few more giveaway
prizes to get before I film all of my
giveaway prizes together so I'm gonna
hopefully just have a really quick
target trick although I doubt it's gonna
be quick because I have no idea what I'm
getting like I just need some like
random things
yes that's gonna happen um yes let's
let's see yeah let's do it
I have that one broken card that makes
noises oh yeah the wheel screw that's
what I'll I'm in guess what I'm gay but
it's not for me it's for you guys good
this site you hardly see I'm brochure
shopping right now Ashley you'd be so
proud of me Oh finished getting
everything for the giveaway and some
grow show rooms and I'm so excited you
guys should be too just kidding I found
a really cute section I might get
something else oh that's so cute dude
they're so introduced this is kind of
like an urban target has a section
that's now like an urban outfitters type
section that way that books sold over
without butter wait this is cute I can't
wait this is really cute these are like
note card like thank-you cards or just
like whatever cards but the front are
like vintage Polaroid looking things
look at this this is so cute I kind of
really want one I don't need cards I did
like all those in the back no oh wait
that's isn't it oh no it's not I
literally thought someone stole my phone
I went up to the cashier and I paid for
everything and then I get that I'm like
I do not have my phone right now I
started freaking out then I went I asked
him if they found any and they said no I
was like oh my gosh so I like started
retracing my steps I found it on the
thing by the pretty Polaroid book that I
was looking at oh my gosh
oh my gosh I thought I had to buy a new
phone and I freaked out I feel so better
I seriously still can't believe that I
found my phone I was honestly I didn't
honestly was like a half an hour that I
didn't have it at all but then I didn't
even notice it was gone until I don't
know like 10 15 minutes so I was kind of
forget out found and it was funny like I
honestly like when it comes to expensive
things or like losing things I don't
know to me like I really don't care it's
just stuff you can always rebuy new
stuff and it's just like stuff like I
don't know like even if I like bought a
really expensive purse or something and
it got ruined I would be like oh well
it's just a perks like it's okay you
know I mean life goes on there are more
important things in my purse for my
phone honestly I wasn't even freaking
out really the only only only thing that
was kind of freaking me out is the
thought of like all it takes is the
wrong person to find my phone and
realize that like I make youtube videos
and then they could easily delete my
channel or Julie my Instagram or
Paquette or you know I mean like
anything like that that's so scary to me
not necessarily just losing the phone
you know what I mean so that's why I was
a little like oh my gosh oh my gosh that
wasn't fun I noticed right before I was
paying and I'm sure the cashier
girl-like noticed my face because I kept
like looking around in my cart thinking
maybe like fell down and I like was not
paying attention to her really I was
just like trying to find it everywhere
and and yeah anyways long story short
family phone it is not stolen and I'm
really happy so we're about to make the
hook better lighting Murray do that so
we're about to make cookies that ensues
literally I just want the dough I know
it's bad don't tell me it's bad I know
it's bad I just want to talk about what
makes them cooking videos with Alicia
they were making ms lit don't house
what's that from oh oh I love it you
like put your paws like that oh no you
know oh yeah hmm
freaky I'm a bad cook
um Bob I am yes
Oh ten minutes later don't step on ya
don't mind our Gertie a cookie sheet pan
thing but other than that these look
really good Oh
oh no oh no of course the one that I
found
yeah these looks a bomb actually they
are bomb because already had one so I
can tell you that they are bomb I just
had a coffee tax and now my eyes are
like all watery anyways I was gonna tell
you guys that I think I'm gonna go to
bed start getting ready for bed and it
goes to bed I am pretty tired
currently 10:05 I feel like it's really
early normally I stamps like 11 or 12 at
least nervous most the time I like one I
don't know love you guys so so so much I
hope that you like to LACMA stay to and
get excited for vlogmas day 3 tomorrow
and yes ok bye
