good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 8 okay how come sometimes when you
like sleep in a messy bun like it looks
like decent and sometimes it's horrible
casually just you know I don't know what
I'm saying right now okay happy Tuesday
and welcome to it we like mistake 8 like
I said today Ashley and I are giving a
lot and lot a lot of filming because I
keep forgetting to tell you guys this
I leave for Hawaii in like two days if
you watch one of my blogs a couple weeks
ago I think I mentioned it but I'm
actually going with Kat for her birthday
sadly Ashley can't come because she has
finals the next week
so she's being very responsible and
studying for her finals but we leave the
10th which isn't to take I like going to
Hawaii today that's the casual and I
literally keep forgetting like I just
remembered this morning I was like wait
I have to pack tomorrow I have so much
to do so today is not a lazy day today
is he productive day it's gonna be
productive if it's not productive I'm
going to make it productive Toby I could
just bust out this video film basically
all of it maybe like no I think I need
to film like all of it today if you guys
have been we're going to the main island
let me know anything you guys recommend
to do any specific restaurants any like
activities or anything like that any
like a really cool Instagram spot I'm
just I'm really excited oh yeah okay so
it's gonna be very funny having blog
miss in Hawaii stereotypical idea of
vlogmas is that it's Christmas it's
winter and cozy it's snow and I'm gonna
be like on the beach like yo vlog man
whatever also vlog mystery 7 is up I
just uploaded not too long ago
so you guys should go watch it if you
haven't yet it was a very cute elf and I
got a crazy huge makeup haul which is it
right over there hello me yesterday yeah
go watch it go watch it go watch it
whoo also you guys I'm changing life up
right now Ashley got these yesterday
from Target they're just like the
Starbucks iced coffees and they're
actually really good it has coffee and
milk in it I really like them so I'm
drinking that right now watching my vlog
drinking that whoa coffee
Ashley just got back from the gym and
she looks dude Oh another hurt when
Chloe walks on you
haha c'mon aha okay no and I am an elf
again my hair is so ratchet
about to light one of our new candles to
a nice frosted cranberry and it smells
like cream days that are frosted hey
let's fill Chloe Chloe Chloe Chloe Chloe
Chloe
hi bean
not good I don't know I wonder you know
perfect okay so I literally just spent
like 10 minutes trying to get a good
selfie for snapchat just for snapchat it
nothing turned up good whatever anyway
Chloe anyways we are about to film be
lasting it for this video and then after
that the intra which is so exciting
anyways let's get on into what whoa one
thing I love about these shelves is the
fact that I have every like level yeah
warm okay so now we're filming the intro
for this video
Vinay oh I'm so annoying lately I feel
like I've never sentence logs like when
I'm editing vlogs like Alicia you're so
annoying why do people watch it it dance
ma'am my makeup isn't pretty today
and also if you're not subscribed to
this channel and totally should be
because I like to think I'm cool
sometimes yeah Adam we are done with
this video update update we are done
with the video where you're done with
the video and we filmed it in like a day
which is awesome we clean like that'd be
cool like that as we click up I'm any oh
I'm burnin burnin up for you baby it is
so hot right now I think it's just cuz
I've been running around and this getup
this lighting and the new apartment is
amazing and I love it
oh my gosh you guys this is kind of sad
but we saw um cleaning like a
maintenance people going into our old
apartment today to clean it out and like
make it good for the next people it was
done my new bedding is supposed to be
delivered today it says it's on its way
like in transit like out for delivery I
always like track packages like no other
because I'm impatient most poor dude
hopefully it comes today it will it
better come today I paid for today like
express shipping it's been like 40 whoa
so I was sitting editing in my room at
my desk and I saw you pious men walking
with some boxes and I was like
should be my buddy how often here but it
did oh I'm new bedding oh it's exciting
I got a pillow got some sheep
I feel so oh I got some shams euro sham
and Dube oh and the other euro sham boom
so I forget the last thing that I
blogged I think it was Oh duh just
kidding I remember it was my betting I
came in and I was about seeing did you
forget boy I'm not me pillows I'm gonna
put the pillowcases on this one pillow
done let's do the other one so what's
new you good yay I ready to see my bed
Hey okay okay okay are you ready
one two oh my gosh you guys okay first
off don't mind the fact that it's super
wrinkly I have to like I don't know I
guess I should iron it or do whatever I
need to do with it the same with the
pillowcases but I was just so excited to
put them up so that is what my you
betting looks like I'm probably gonna
get like maybe one or two more pillows
to go on it I don't know but then I kind
of also like just like the simplicity of
it like this and I am obsessed with the
detailing like the embroidery of the
sheets and the pillows and I just like
it um don't mind the pile of whatever
that is over there okay but yes this is
my new bedding and I decided to go with
a lilac light purple but I figured I
should do like something a little
different and I just really really liked
this it's so wrinkly I don't know I am
just obsessed with it and I just put my
throw blanket on there to kind of make
it look more cozy and stuff think it
looks really good and I'm very happy
with how it turned out I guess I can
just start editing I have quite a bit to
do the other thing is I don't know what
I'm uploading Ashley's um and look what
she brought yeah
hey thanks for the surprise welcome I
have a surprise for you to open what is
it I don't know she'll bust early
Christmas present
I love early I love crispy sweet uh yeah
well come open this one is it for my
room too I don't know
yeah couple nails Ben is like seeing
color oh they look so good catches my
update time it's currently 649 p.m. now
650 it's not 658 nope it is 640 not so I
was actually supposed to go to Tila's
birthday party tonight
happy birthday to you if you're watching
this I love you but I have so much
homework I have to do so I don't think I
can go oh now at 6:50 happy birthday to
that you are amazing let's get dinner
next week and it's my treat because um
yes yeah okay actually edited this vlog
up until this point right now and I
think I'm going to do homework for the
next hour or two depending how long it
takes
what up ash okay oh I added the lights
over there just because it was um
Christmassy and I wanted to add them
there Oh also we totally like rearrange
Ashley's room so that is so exciting
that's her headboard we're probably
gonna get rid of it and we just we were
going with the no headboard look and it
looks really good not gonna lie
update on the shelves as you can see
we've been adding a few things here and
there of course it's still not like
completely finished I don't think it
ever will be I feel like we're always
gonna be moving stuff around but why did
the lighting just get ugly doing some
homework and watching Mia's new vlog I
mean II
it's like you're so close oh hi khlo hi
pretty girl
oh you're using your new bed that I got
you my hobby so it's the best time of
the day which is taking off your makeup
no but really like picking off your
makeup it's kind of the best part of the
day look you always get grossed out when
I take off false lashes because I'm
always scared I'm gonna rip out my own
lashes and it's just kind of gross
looking you know I'm gonna go to bed I'm
actually really tired and I'm gonna get
up early and go to the gym in the
morning so um so yes I'll see you guys
tomorrow with vlogmas day 9 I'm gonna be
packing for Hawaii cuz I'll leave the
next day which is cruisers I'll see you
guys later bye
