good morning guys and what is up welcome
to vlogmas day 10 that is crazy you guys
already been 10 days 10 days I am gonna
put my glasses on right now I have a ton
of editing to do so we should definitely
go do that PS look at how amazing these
socks are oh my god you guys it is so
late I have been editing all freakin day
there's currently a 3:30 p.m. and I have
been sitting literally here at this bar
stool for literally look like such a
hobo today like I need to get ready so
God going to a Teela's birthday party
I'm really excited look at this little
munchkin hi khlo you look so cute the
tree still looks so pretty oh I can show
you ornaments so I already showed you
this one I was from anthro this really
cute little one is from Target this
guy's a little creepy but I thought I
was cute like a little fluffy owl most
of the ornaments are either from Pier 1
or Target with the exception of the one
from anthro so angel is what any
snowflakes are so cute they're from
Target I think there's like 4 of these
around the tree these ones are super
cute - they're from Pier one I feel like
every time I touch the tree flock is
just like falling off to the ground we
have this little ornament it says Merry
Christmas systems from Target and has a
little golden deer in there thought that
one was cute I love this just like
little angel wings if that one's also
from Pier 1 I know for sure we're gonna
get ripped well we have to get a star
and then also ribbon just coming down it
so I feel like that's what it'll look
like finish with presents around it's
gonna look so cute what is up you guys
currently trying to put on some makeup
NARS of this palette I think it's The
Wanted palette I forget it is so freakin
beautiful so I think I'm gonna try this
today I'm really excited for it so I'm
using a matte color just putting it all
over my lid I don't know what I'm
wearing it I should've probably figured
it out first oh my god this the letter
one is like beautiful X I'm gonna going
with a brown color my crease
surprisingly I feel like vlogmas has
been pretty doable I'm not gonna lie I
was like hella stressed before we
started I even talked to for the other
youtubers is we were all bonding over
the fact that we were super stressed for
vlogmas but I feel like once I started
honestly like made it so much easier
you got this Alicia you can do it it's
not that hard I don't have my bed
I'm getting a new mattress so that's why
it's like gone also Christmas presents I
have no freaking idea
I honestly I'm just gonna say I haven't
even started Christmas shopping I bought
one thing for my parents but other than
that like I haven't started I think I
have an idea for Ashley but I really
just like don't know what I want to get
people even me I'm like she I need to
like really think I'm gonna figure it
out Christmas is literally and pretty
much two weeks two weeks exactly a
Sunday oh yo oh my god oh my god not
ready for it but I'm also how already
because I love Christmas hopefully
there's no traffic I stuff to curl my
hair oh my god I'm so behind right now
like I've just been behind all day oh
that is really pretty but they're all
it's hoping my lashes okay guys so I got
ready for a Teela's party so here is the
outfit of the day jacket is from
everyone a body suits from pretty little
saying a skirt is from BB and shoes are
from report they're just like the clear
heel ones so look where are you making
cookies wait yo I'm about to like oh can
we talk about her hair oh my god do I
look like old Jamie you Billy old me
like throwback to this your hair looks
so good I like it shorty Oh
Hanks I don't like it short really but I
like the no extensions I can do things
so you can do your yeah like honestly
everyday you should do your hair like
something I know like a high pony look
it up Oh what are you wearing we're in
like 87 times oh my god yeah here we go
he loves hey guys what is that I am
about to put up this vlog and I realized
I never ended it and you want to know
why I didn't end
because my battery freakin died so kind
of a fail of a vlog yesterday I
apologize there's like hardly new
footage I feel like but you know what
it's log nice and we're not gonna miss a
day so it's gonna go up anyways but yeah
I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow with a way more lip vlog okay
love you guys bye yo oh you like your
makeup good things I noticed when I got
here he weighed that a highlight no I
never I never think I look taller and
people call me out there like so we're
filming today holiday giveaway
