guys don't mind how ridiculous I look
right now I was debating it I was okay
so I was about to vlog and I was like
wait at least you should probably change
I was like no I'm not gonna change cuz
my robe is so pump your now I'm probably
gonna take this off because um yeah
let's do that let's let's do that oh
yeah I was like no I'm gonna stay in my
comfy road because it's comfy and that's
what I want to do welcome to vlogmas day
Gavin oh my gosh cameras at 7:00 and
it's intense right like I feel like it's
going by so fast and what's funny is I
mean I don't want to jinx it but I've
been doing so good uploading every day
and it's not even like stressful to me
at all like it's just become part of my
daily routine and I love it and it makes
me want to like daily vlog more I don't
know I'm just like really loving vlogmas
I have an exhibitor active right now so
this morning I went to the gym and I
just took shower as you can tell it is
currently noon 12:00 anyways I got a
package that's that's my address let's
not let's not put that on there I got a
package and I wanted it to
okay oh also my mom got Ashley and I a
gingerbread house kit to make so I think
we're gonna do that tonight I don't know
or tomorrow we're definitely gonna do
this soon because I'm totally vlogmas
like no other and just warning you guys
you know I have made so many orders when
it's come to like apartment and home
decor so if you don't like seeing me
open packages or buying stuff it's gonna
be in a few vlog I'm gonna warn you oh
my gosh
I'm so excited you guys have any guesses
what it is I'll give you a hint
it's something to go on one of the
bookshelves I'll give you like 10
seconds to comment or you can pause this
video let me know you think it is this
is fun we should do games like this more
often I'm stuck
it's an old style like telephone and it
legit works we probably won't ever use
it because both we won't use it because
we don't have a phone that's a good
reason to not use it oh my gosh Ashlee's
nice too excited oh my god and then we
have the phone to go with it you guys
how adorable is this I can't right now
I just can't where should you go this
bookshelf why this bookshelf mm-hmm
they're like nowhere near how they're
gonna be decorated but I think for now I
think for now we're just going to set
you here and then we can figure out what
we want to do y'all need to put a
picture there yeah oh my gosh and you
guys I went to anthropology today and I
found these really cute they're like
measuring cups look at this this is 1/4
cup this is 1/3 this is 1/2 and that's a
full cup I'll be so cute and I also got
the Paris style guide and just like see
San Francisco book I think it's so cute
we got some super cute home decor going
on over here but it's not finished
problem people really I'm like obsessed
with these I think they're so cute ok so
I was making a quick target trip and
when she gets back and starts filming
and I'm really excited for this week's
video I might be uploading twice this
week
not sure don't figuring out when Ava and
I are uploading together because that
was busy last week's video I think I
might just upload twice this week cuz
yeah anyways but anyways I think I'm
going to start making my room look
Christmassy because that's what I need
for this video any guess is what it is
any guesses mm-hmm I hope you remember
but I told you guys yesterday that this
apartment is amazing
but it doesn't really have much cabin
space this is kind of the only cabinet
space really that it has and it's in the
kitchen which is awkward so I just have
like tools and stuff but down here I
decided to put some of my like extra
Christmas decorations and stuff so see
what we got sure need the old-fashioned
lights because they're like my favorite
sit on my favorite yeah um oh the
stockings
let's get that it's not gonna I got this
one last year from Target and it's still
like one of my favorite things ever
maybe some twinkly lights and I think
our Santa hats
like pop I think that's good we're gonna
make this Christmas Eve
yeah that's what I'm talking about
update em I started doing my makeup and
then I was like yo Alicia you're filming
a morning teen you don't have to get
ready to film today I was like oh so I
put on a little bit too much probably
that's okay because we're filming the
expectation part today
so like that's okay you know like
expectation is waking up gorgeous and
I'm chilling here with Coloma and me
were just snugging at my dad home babe
update with her if you guys are
wondering she's doing a lot better she
still is not a hundred percent adjusted
to this apartment the past few days I
feel like I can tell the changes in
stress like Nancy and I don't know just
not her normal normal normal self not in
a bad way like she's totally fine but
moving is so stressful for dogs I don't
think a lot of people realize that but
overall she's doing it so much better
but we're doing good our week low so
proud of bitch
so pin you whoa ah back BAM
what BAM mm what BAM yeah yup PJ come on
blue yeah Christmas
what yeah see different target if you're
wondering and they're so comfy you're
like so
there was hardly any Greek yogurt left
so I'm just using heaven fool I told you
this was like being lightly whoa whoa
I'm literally in an elf
PJ sat eating Greek yogurt behind the
scenes of a video what okay so we're
about to film Merry Christmas and a
happy it's currently 537 if you were
wondering throw it out walking flowy and
I found a package that I do it ordered
it's from Too Faced cosmetics so I'm
really excited right getting packages
enough it's like exciting like when you
order something but getting packages
that you didn't even order that someone
says you just cuz that's like even more
epic like Christmas every single day and
it's amazing so let's open this oh my
gosh oh my gosh this is so sweet
shut up I didn't even know they were
like gonna be like look at this oh my
gosh if you should like do a giveaway
with some of these you know I can even
use all this is that not one of the
prettiest colors you have ever seen and
your entire life everything else to show
you guys but there's just so much stuff
I don't think I can do it I'll show you
a couple things that I open there are
these really pretty highlighters this
one is show gorgeous and then this one
is a warmer tone looks super super
pretty this one is so pretty the only
thing is I don't want to swatch it yet
in case I want to give it away to
someone really wanting to swatch it I'm
not going to this blush palette does
brush these lipstick so I'm definitely
gonna keep this lipstick so let's try it
on oh pretty shimmery do you like it
it's like so bright I'm not gonna try
chocolate milkshake so it's not like
normally a color I would do like it look
really good with a smoky eye like a boom
smokey eye I mean this is the cutest
makeup brush I think I've ever seen look
at its little spoon coy you like you
can't tell on camera but in person it's
like Kim Kardashian glow oh dang
this is urk oh my god you know what's
funny the dark lips kind of work with
the fact that I'm not wearing like any
eye makeup I know a lot of people don't
like dark lips so I totally it won't
take it personal if you don't think it
looks good this is a chocolate cherries
melted chocolate liquefied lipstick from
to your face if you're wondering hey
guys so update so Ashley's here
yeah I'm here obviously my blog ended up
leaving the lipstick on because yellow
why not if you don't like it don't worry
it's not like an everyday thing but
we're actually meeting up with Danielle
and Taryn and we decided to come a
little early because there is bath and
Bodyworks next door bath and Bodyworks
more like so sweet they said both Ashley
and I $50 gift cards what is it like
today tark sent me something has a body
worked like it's just the Christmas
giving mood like an I'm spirit
it's what Sony's these and dogs do that
so I'm about to go by speaking of
Christmas spirit Oh candy cane in the
carruth most or moon we need to come
down here more often
I don't know if that might be the
thumbnail once again even know it's it
is hopefully getting some candles hoping
to have a sale going on outfit of the
day shirt is Topshop skirt I become a
bitch shoes or Nordstrom and losing his
jacket I've never done an outfit of the
day like this that's kind of cool
the light I saw pretty ornament all
those like even cuter yeah you having a
sale oh yeah candles and goodies okay
picking out a car scent which one do we
want that's like really guy hmm but I
like it okay like this cinnamon caramel
swirl got some goodies who didn't spend
the whole gift card but we got some
Canadian I love the story yeah yeah
Thank You Beth Body Works we got some it
really keeps too cute and it's smelling
um so this looks amazing
I got a cheese enchilada because I
really like cheese in Javas and I just
really wanted one got to see you carne
asada and it looks amazing and actually
look so old open back Ashley blocks
turkeys bar Oh Danielle inherited here
and Danielle's name
Oh
hey guys so obviously we're back home at
the apartment now we've been here for a
few hours and I've just been editing I
helped actually edit one of her belong
and I edited at this vlog not all the
way because I got pretty tired a lot of
it so that way tomorrow I won't have too
much to do this wasn't focused like the
whole time was it was it not focus whole
time that sucks anyways I love you guys
so so so much and I'll see you tomorrow
with vlog my states and yeah okay bye
