morning guys and welcome to a vlog this
day six pink its dogmas day six set
which is crazy one second oh my gosh yes
today is December 6 which is vlogmas day
sex oh my gosh talk about that yeah I've
actually had a very stressful morning
seriously had so much editing and
homework to do and I planned on staying
up all last night and doing it but I
didn't I ended up getting so tired so we
just went to bed and I woke up early and
luckily I did all of my homework so
that's exciting it is currently 12:30
shoot if you're wondering so don't miss
work so now like that helps a lot like I
feel like the stress is gone and I got
up yesterday's vlog so I did both of
those pretty proud about that really
happy definitely less stressed now now I
just have a full video to edit and then
around 4:30 or so I'm going to head out
to LA and Jean Marie and I are getting
our nails done we made appointment so I
didn't want to cancel for that but I
think I should be able to get everything
done by - Lee's actually hanging out
with Arie right now they're going to be
coming back to the apartment and we're
spending the day with her which is
exciting I think they're going to come
out to LA too later so I took a break
but I'm gonna start editing my video
again just been hanging that was close
and of course I'm procrastinating so
much because I have something to do I'm
like cleaning the apartment honestly the
only time I ever really clean is when
I'm procrastinating so I kind of cleaned
up the apartment what else what else but
uh yeah anyways um let's start this day
I hope you guys like it and let's go
yeah hey P girl whoa
Khloe hi khlo can you look at me Khloe
she's like why are you waking me up
oh say hi to the vlog they want to see
you use do you see her sassy she is
we're good whoo also if you're wondering
we change the knobs on my dresser and I
feel like it looks so much better now I
had those like black knobs I call it was
just very like industrial looking and
obviously our apartments like very white
and like pink and not industrial looking
ish so changing the knobs helped so much
and we still have to bolt in at the
bookshelves but we made the other one
last night we got the last part and
we're going to clean all of that off
except for the million plaque and then
put all the knickknacks like in the
bookshelves and whatnot and then I've
had so many people ask me why we have a
dresser in the living room it's actually
really common a lot of people do that
but we're just using ours for like
linens and towels and stuff actually
going to be getting a new dresser for my
room if
wondering so this isn't like my clothes
where I come every day from my room into
the living room to get it's just like
towels and linens and stuff because
there honestly isn't much like closet
space here so the doorbell just rang and
I was like who's that how does Ashley
but then I open the door no one's there
and I got a package like oh so weird
it's Sunday usually packed resume comes
does the middle deliver on Sunday I
don't know I think I know what it says
so let's open it yeah I need scissors
sorry time I ordered your dining tables
chairs pull with the new dining table is
coming and I wanted like faux fur like
rug things on them and I got these one
oh my mean but I feel like you look
yellow on camera it looks white but it's
definitely more of a like I don't know
it's definitely more yellow than white
oh no I don't know man I'm Matt Renee's
dang I got two I have yet I cute one so
I'm finally doing my makeup um took long
enough
and we're just gonna throw some on it's
like it looks decent oh no I still need
to change my lights in here because
otherwise it just looks snot no cute
anyways I'm getting ready to go to LA
and Arion - you're gonna come and we're
all gonna get Elvis coffee and Dawn
Marie is probably gonna meet us there I
think I think not sure and then me and
her are getting our nails done because I
really made my nose up in a while and
we'll see we do afterwards but yeah boom
let's see what do I need that
just some bronzer don't mind the mess
that's my bathroom I feel like I need to
like get lower so you see me okay I'm
gonna didn't make it like super super
fast and I think I'm gonna watch some
vlogs while you're ready because that's
what I do I know I'm not that like one I
prefer watching vlogs over TV when I get
ready I think I told you guys that
before also if you guys are doing
vlogmas let me know your channel in the
comments I'm so curious I love long
lives and I love watching vlogs so let
me know give one channel or any channel
that you're uploading
blog more videos on ceiling oh no boom
now we gotta do the hair although I'm
not gonna do it I'm gonna brush it out
maybe wear a beanie or something so that
way I don't have to do it
my shows some shows I still really need
to work on eyes and closet especially
like down there and then you know all
that downgraded a lot and I'm so proud
of myself I think I want boots for sure
cuz I'm not getting a pedicure I'm just
getting a manicure yeah we're ready
well I'm ready putting my hair in a
braid it's like really really messy it
looked horrible until I put the beanie
on so it's like oh yeah that one's
decent now nice ring jean jacket with my
flannel underneath brandy melville
shirts leggings and my Brown booties my
outfit and then I brought an extra
leather jacket just in case you get cold
cuz I don't know like what we're gonna
be doing tonight yeah
that is not bit case you're wondering
okay so we're about to do something
really really sad and we're going into
our old apartment for the last time
before we turn in our keys today we're
gonna go say bye and go into one last
home how about cry so many memories here
so many times I've filmed right here oh
are you still here our kitchen how many
times I sat at this spot dining room and
our kitchen and our living room how do
we stand here in vlog and I would always
lean against this and talk to you guys
like this hanger could buy our first
apartment together ash we were at this
apartment for two years because Ashley
and I both move out of her parents house
figure totally lost and confused ashlynn
our sisters I feel like I have to answer
on every single blog that's okay I'm so
came we were sisters she's older I'm
under yeah oh oh this is where I edited
all my video
Ashley's room I asked her in my room and
my bathroom and my closet guys are
actually
okay fun fact see this yellow right here
I don't know if it's nail polish or what
but it was here before we moved in never
came out and I'll be here for the next
person that's the weird thing
I can't it's gonna be so weird seeing
someone else move into this place
because I would have like no my place oh
right
I used to waste my camera here the towel
Ragan blog to you when I was getting
ready i'ma cry I'm actually really sad
I could probably cry because it myself
right now there was just so many good
memories here and I'm excited to make
new memories in the new apartment a lot
of your rubbish like a lot of you are
like the apartment what I'm really
excited for isn't like two years to look
back on this vlog gonna be like oh I'm
like have it
oh thinking of the time when we first
moved in I blogged that you go via my
mom just got the keys to the apartment
so here's what it looks like when you
walk in living room there's a little
patio and my bedroom then here is my
bathroom and now I'm moving out are you
crying Oh like could have let myself I
could have let myself cry was just like
stalking the bathroom so many good
memories hi I'm here eating so it's like
so much room it was Khloe's home okay
let's go update I'm so I'm currently
with John Murray husband forever if you
watch the tour vlogs you know who she is
got her nails done it's not a big
shocker I got why
you got short new - yes and we
apparently had to do earth to meet up
with ari and Ashley I'm so hungry and
yeah
the quesadillas are bomb literally have
it been here forever
it's going to get the Hobbit and
resulted ooh what do you get in reverse
or a pizza
I merely do the Pisa know I haven't been
here and so oh the last time I was here
was with Nicky dude look at my number I
was so excited right now
say hi reunited how was your dinner
it was delicious can I have a body like
a bag
this is why people think we're a couple
that we're not Oh nope I mean it would
have been great my latte oh it looks
like a Super Bowl it's actually a
picture me got me solid is your Humiston
to bully one and I love it my lot I'm
still the number yeah oh snap
re got a chocolate cake and it looks so
yeah yeah you mother
oh boy I want this oh I have it all like
a face avenging so nice yeah and look at
cat I love your tree I love house wheel
fun fact I've never had a real tree it
was deeper this child can i we're so big
add me on snapchat if you want to see
cute snapchats of kin oh we just came by
to say hi this is why your friends when
I use me this week Scoones okay scone
day I'll see you then
school bye can we just came to say hi
now we got a girl boy daddy my nephew
update is now 1040 now it's not even
late but I don't know I fell asleep in
back the car we left me as we were on
our way back home and we're actually
dropping off re right now and we were
gonna say goodbye hmm are young so ugly
until we see her again which is
hopefully I know you can try to tickle
me now goodbye
i'ma miss your face look at them new
nails hey guys so it is now 12 into 2 8
man I just added in this vlog up until
this point to feel like I look so ugly
anyways I'm gonna say goodnight I love
you guys so system so so much and I'll
see you my next vlog I'll see you
tomorrow with another vlog another
vlogmas and yeah ah does weird wait yeah
