hey guys first of all I'm sorry that I
have been like m.i.a on this channel one
is a super exciting surprise that you
guys will find out later this week and
the other thing is because vlogmas is
coming up I felt like I was going to get
burnt out if I kept uploading every
every every single day I've been getting
so many tweets and messages like where
are your vlogs but on top of it I
actually found a vlog that I never
uploaded I thought I uploaded it but I
guess I just forgot and also this video
is going to be sponsored by daily it's
an app that's actually really cool like
I really really like it and I've been
playing with it and it's super fun I'll
tell you all about that later but
because of that something else super
super exciting is gonna be happening um
that I'm just I cannot wait to share
with you guys there's so many exciting
things just coming up on my channels and
I'm just so excited anyways enjoy this
vlog I hope you like it and let's get on
into it hey guys so today is Wednesday
is winter and is an exciting day because
Ashley I decided we should officially
officially decorate for Christmas today
or at least like go buy stuff for it
so that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna have to Target go get some
Christmas decor and decorate for
Christmas if you're new to my blogs then
you should know that I'm very Christmas
holiday just all about it yes very much
so
rules nope go into Tarja everybody hey
hey
watch oh it's here Christmas Amethi I
don't know why I think like targets
stuffy up for close game lately we got
some cute stuff oh my gosh this is me
though that's cute and that's cute I
need a Christmas sweater oh my gosh guys
this is literally a two-person sweater
that is amazing okay that is amazing and
you're just saying how we should be
twins we were saying why aren't we twin
would bind us
oh my gosh that is epic and there's
somebody like christmasing Patrick I
want these shoes but they don't have my
son shoes these ones I know we were
talking about but these are seven and a
half but they're the display ones I'm at
low tonight worker them they're so cute
guys yes who are you going I feel okay
okay wait wait where's are these just on
the end or should be good mm-hmm yeah I
was thinking that first too seriously so
many cute things I don't know it's again
oh wait I love that I actually love that
guys I found this adorable
stool thing and I don't even know what
I'm gonna do with it but I love it
so I'm getting it and it's on clearance
I have to get it I love it
this pillow would so go with your room
yeah that's cute although you could
totally do I though oh that's really
cute
whoo okay Hey look sleek pose it's cute
oh oh okay you guys young man
we got some cute stuff okay yeah ya know
what I'm gonna do this Oh blog take over
with Ashley spend a very long time and
I'm not vlogging today oh did you know I
had a vlog channel definitely go
subscribe it's fashionable vlogs we got
some my clothes from the dry cleaners
and look who's back
Walden Walden oh and then we feel naps
to a target so don't candy gave one of
it it's Christmassy and I love it
Starbuck I'm the Christmas guy I'm I'm
in the mood I'm in the mood Leland
gonna update time so I am now home and
Ashley left because she has practice for
drumming and I'm eating dinner whoo
hope you're wondering I made some salmon
asparagus and zucchini
it is pretty bomb okay so first of all
you guys have to see the little corner
that we got going on over here you watch
my videos like a year ago you totally
remember these panels we put them back
up and then that's my new chair I put
the throw on there then I got this stool
today and it's just so Kay yeah I also
have a rug that could go underneath but
it might be too much so I'm not sure but
yes this is a new little corner nook of
my bedroom and I absolutely love it and
then just around my room is a whole
bunch of stuff that I got today I'm
going to try to make over my room right
now make it all Christmassy because yes
oh don't mind my hair right now it's
seriously like up in a button okay
speaking of my hair though you guys I hi
okay okay let me know your thoughts that
I kind of really really want to go
blonde I know I know it's been okay
I've been blonde one time in my life and
that's when I was a freshman in high
school
honestly the color looked really good
but the problem was I didn't know how to
do my makeup so my eyebrows like weren't
filled in but now I'm like we I think it
could actually look good because now I
actually kind of know how to do my hair
and my makeup so ever since my freshman
year of high school it's always been on
my bucket list to dye my hair back
blonde and I don't know like lately I've
really really really been wanting to do
it then I had a moment I was like oh we
should just do it just do it like worst
case you can always dye it back so I
think I'm gonna do it I think I'm gonna
do it like in maybe a couple weeks maybe
maybe a week or two I don't know oh my
god currently have the caramel pumpkin
swirl candle burning and it smells
amazing so you guys should totally get
it cuz it sounds really good
okay so the room is humming along and
this is my favorite section oh my gosh
you guys I am in love with it I think it
is so cute and you add a little more up
in here like little knickknacks and
stuff like the tree right there is
really cute maybe like some more
Christmas trees okay so I've also really
been wanting to not do a blog but I
don't know I've been wanting to like
obviously if you guys follow me on
Instagram you know that I'm like I'm all
about it I'm always like oh my gosh like
I want to make sure every picture like
goes with my feet and stuff but
sometimes I envy people who just like
upload a whole bunch of pictures so I
downloaded it and it's basically like
it's kind of like where you can just
post a whole bunch of pictures and stuff
but it goes by like days and then you
could post ten things in one day but no
matter what it says like the day you
know I mean like it's one section of
like today and then if you guys click it
you guys can see everything it's not
like post after post after post does
that make any sense I don't have any
post right now but I think we're gonna
play with it a little more tonight but
my user name is Alicia marine if you
guys want to follow me on that I need
five more people to follow those so if
you make one let me know your username
so I can follow you
okay so I'm looking at this one girl's
post and she's saying how do you like
had a panic attack and she was just like
venting basically and this huge like
post and then a whole bunch of people
are like replying and giving her tips
and just being like I totally know how
you feel and all of a sudden I'm like
wait that's really cool maybe you could
be like I don't know it's a place where
I can go like venti rise and just talk
like Twitter only has 140 characters you
know what I mean kind of like a blog I
guess you could say oh I don't know it's
exciting it's currently 703 as you can
see I love my to tear you guys this is
so fun it's just it's fun funny cuz
Ashley's been telling you for the
longest time to get a chair right here
and I finally did and I loved it she
list to you earlier Ashley what up guys
updates to shower get ready for bed
and I'm in my new PJ's that I got today
at Target whoa and I love them um what
else
swell swell swell it's a little twiddle
twiddle she had on my blog you haven't
said had my blog today yet hey everyone
mm camera shiny day I don't I don't
wanna I don't wanna talk to you camera
oh you are made for the camera okay I go
but um um not today wait babe I love fun
money cool money at the nape and mouth
she is my gig
like what like a panda one black and
white like a dorri dorri Oh hurry up
laughs I like and over you to double
stuff but I can write like a ninja ninja
khlo money Chlo Vinay yeah that's right
I take it back because mu Bais bag
sometimes I'm like I'm really weird why
do I have friends and then why do people
even watch my videos cuz I let her just
rap about my dog whoa boom ah I'm sore
from the gym this morning what else is
new what else is new what else is new
with Lee Balu and I even edited all this
vlog up until now um earlier when I was
sitting in my room okay so I'm gonna go
to bed so if you're gonna take at night
I hope that you guys like today's vlog
and I will see you hopefully really soon
with a new one and yes um anyways bye
