onee yeah good morning good morning
No all right oh yeah
that's so pretty good morning guys and
welcome to vlogmas day 3 I can't leave
it's already 3:00 I feel like that's
been pretty December 3rd bye I actually
go to the gym guys by Chloe's butt is
just like in the shot currently just
chillin on the couch with my coffee who
is the only reason why I got out of bed
today and I totally tweeted that just
now
I mean it's currently 8:50 a.m. and I
just put yesterday's vlog to public that
way you guys can see it so I'm about to
like share the link and everything with
you guys and yes
thought someone stole my phone yesterday
and target and I freaked out so if you
haven't seen that you should definitely
go watch it
which is me being stupid and leaving it
on a shelf or half an hour cool money
what are you doing ok there is someone
stomach them yeah yeah Bogg miss day two
is up go watch it and put up guys so
update time it is a little later I did
my makeup and I got ready curled my hair
threw on a sweatshirt and still wearing
my PJs shorts I always usually film in
PJ bottoms because so much for comfy
earth and like uncomfy pair of jeans or
something so I'm currently about to film
for this week's video I have to film a
very exciting apart you guys already
know to this if you've been watching my
last couple blogs the one with Ava so
yes we are having a huge giveaway it's
really similar to our video that we did
together last year we wanted to recreate
it because last year we had so much fun
doing that one so yeah so I'm going to
explain all of the giveaways how you can
enter it all that fun stuff really
really excited for that and this year is
even more epic than last year's to get
ready get excited honestly was pretty
random
Ava text me one day was like hey do you
want to do it again I'll buy sure let's
do it and then we went shopping like it
was it was really funny we're gonna film
that right now and then finish filming
the rest of the video tonight and yes
what's going on and we got a tree all
ornamented ornamented the crews
decorated with ornaments also found out
today that the couch probably will not
be here for 12 weeks
shut yes I just got a call they will be
had to like confirm that that's like the
color and size and everything that I
wanted so yeah that's kind of sucks and
but hopefully or it's like dining table
and everything else gets here pretty
soon
I just want like all the furniture and
everything to be here now I'm like
waiting for it's gonna be a while same
with my bed I gotten you on headboard
and bed and stuff and that's probably
not gonna be here until like January or
what's been off this santahat you know
it's gonna be a good video in the Santa
hat comes out Jill who it should go with
your Polaroid I got you the Firefly clip
lights where you can hang pool writes
wrong and they're just like a door of
the cute and so urban II I know you guys
don't want to sit through like a 20
minute video so I'm just gonna keep
referencing that description but um
prize number two is for Instagram and
this is also for any of you who want or
have always wanted to be a blogger
I'm literally vlogging this right now
and you'll see it in my vlog channel
okay okay the Instagram giveaway all you
have to do is post this picture to
Instagram and that's all your intern
just made some Greek yogurt and granola
and fruit and this looks so good this
has been like my favorite thing lately
and I absolutely well didn't you guys
try guys I totally forgot to show you
this but I got these from kits in the
other day oh my gosh they are some day
soft and um I I love them I'm gonna try
taking this down them cuz they're go
shoot these are so cute
you always know which side is what -
I'll be looking on let's see they look
small like an away update they look good
but it looks not as good cuz it's like
stretched out you know I mean we're
gonna try to take a snapchat instead
yeah I just snapped out of them so you
should totally go add me on snapchat
it's Li D a Lu one one me Tallulah Leben
new you in my description so I just
looked around the couch and I saw
Ashley's phone she's been gone for like
at least an hour and a half now almost
two hours as she left your phone we're
wondering this is so bright I'm living
how to turn the brightness on my camera
down because it's so bright in my room
which is crazy still like forever not
used to that so um update on my room if
you've been wondering I haven't I said
too much about it lately my room is so
messy like I
so okay so while we were moving any
boxes that we had that we just had no
idea where to put it somehow just ended
up in my room so we have so many like
boxes and right I'm stuff in here but
super exciting I just ordered all new
bedding so I'm so excited for that's a
cub not gonna lie I paid for expression
thing so it's come sooner because I just
really really want it feel like once I
get that I can start decorating my room
more yeah thanks no high school Oh
I'm not even kidding member mr. Saurez
fun fact about me I absolutely hates
making my bed
okay so I'm currently in Starbucks drive
to brew because I'm feeling really good
let's get a lot of crap but what can I
get for you today
hi can I have a venti iced um skinny soy
vanilla latte yeah no that's all
okay I'll be at the windows awesome
thank you you're starving is bad okay
also my battery is flashing so if it
dies I'm so sorry but I'm gonna go to
home goods because there's some like
really like random bathroom stuff that I
need like a bath mat and some towels and
that kind of stuff so yeah um there's a
bunch of like random stuff that I'm
gonna get and yes and I have a free
reward on my Starbucks app so I get this
so obviously my battery died which
really sucked didn't even get to show
you my Starbucks a lot later it's almost
5:00 now then I went to home goods and I
got some goodies and stuff so I'm so
sorry
yesterday's vlog mess is a fail because
I didn't have my battery charged but I'm
a package came and I am currently trying
to put my book kills because watching
this I'm trying to put my bookshelves
together I was gonna say bookcases and
bookshelves together and it was a fail
so this literally just came like 10
minutes ago and Ashley's not here but I
decided I'm gonna try to put this
together myself anyways because I think
I can do it does not look that
complicated and yeah I actually ordered
two but they didn't give me the second
part to the other one so I don't know if
they forgot or if it's coming late okay
guys right there
at sea the shelves are finished and I
have them right there and it looked
really good but I put them down so they
don't fall because I don't want them to
break hey guys so it's a bit later
Ashley and I have just been doing
laundry and cleaning and all that fun
stuff
my room is mostly clean show you guys
that in a bit but since my battery died
and I wasn't able to vlog in HomeGoods I
figured I would show you guys a home
goods hall you get to see little home
decor such things that I bought because
yeah let's see what's in here the main
thing that I went for is a bathroom
stuff yeah so I found it let me open all
this okay Olivia unlike the perfect one
that I wanted like what I was looking
for exactly it's this really cute like
light ice blue type of color I guess you
can say so I got a box for like cotton
balls or something these soap dispenser
a soap bar little thing figured I could
also put my rings on it when I'm like
washing my face or something and then
the toothbrush line and they're all like
pretty inexpensive and then I found
these um washcloths that I thought were
so cute I might just keep them as like
decoration like in a little basket or
something but they're so cute one says
so one says bubbly one says rinse one
says clean so I got those and it matches
like perfectly I didn't find any towels
or anything so I think I'm gonna go to
Target soon and hopefully find some but
I totally have some until then like I
have towels I can use then don't test
Bob this is like one of the cutest
things I think I've ever seen as you
guys know I like photography and stuff
and what's funny is my dad used to have
a camera just like this it was like that
what was it canon a1 i forget but it
looks like this and I'm so excited to
put it on the bookshelves and stuff oh
speaking of I don't know if you noticed
but we moved my dresser into the living
room I just hit Chloe we're gonna have
the bookshelves on both sides of that I
think that's gonna look really really
cute and then I put my million
subscriber plaque thing above it and
then soon I want to look for new knobs
to put on it like white or silver I
think that'll really tie the whole room
there and then I ordered a dining table
that's the same wood as back so I think
it's gonna look really really good
everything is just gonna take a couple
weeks to get here which sucks really bad
that's okay so we cut the bone 12 ready
okay whoa go babe
hey guys what's up it's like 10
something now 11 something oh no
definitely like 11:30
anyways I finish editing this vlog so I
figured I would go to bed and take it
tonight I hope that you like to vlog
mistake 3 and you're excited for
tomorrow
this is gonna be vlogging to stay for
also really quickly this is what the
bookshelf looks like if it's perfectly
there and then there's gonna be another
one right here and then all this will be
totally cleared off so it'll be pretty
and stuff but yeah I'm super excited
her face is all red don't mind that
anyways I love you so much now see
tomorrow and yeah bye please
