good morning it is a beautiful day
hello guys and welcome to December first
aka s vlogmas day one just so exciting
and I don't even I can't even contain it
I'm so dead right now my dad is here and
we are currently in the mode because it
needs two things for the apartment
shopkin coffee we are here excited to us
get some goodies currently looking at
the plant section right now the intro
that you just saw I felt an edit is
today you can see the behind the scenes
of that and it knows it's gonna work out
maybe it's just text maybe it my idea
actually worked we'll see
yeah I feel like I'm in a jungle
Christmas tree getting some lights we
really need some ceiling fan lights BAM
update time I'm currently the process of
doing my makeup I just have to finish my
lashes and put on up some lipstick
both the doorbell just rang and I think
I know what this is the start of all the
boxes I'm going to be getting soon
because all the orders I placed from
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are gonna
start coming in although I bought this
doormat yesterday and I am in love with
it I think it's so cute ock to go to the
carpet though but yeah it's cute oh yeah
here we go my chocolate
oh my gosh
this is gonna be a pain every little
chandelier is like individually wrapped
every little every little like shingle
look I should just keep it in here okay
so um I guess I'm not gonna open it all
the way right now because it's big okay
got a like chandelier thing to put above
our dining table and every single thing
is individually wrapped so sorry guys
I'll show you that when it's like when
we're actually putting it up I'm gonna
finish getting ready and then I'm gonna
film the intro for vlogmas I'm so
excited I really hope it turns out and
what sucks is I don't want to film all
this and it not work and then the intro
that I end up using is just like a text
one because that'll be very sad
but I figured we should try we got a new
Christmas tree because I really want
Christmas tree in it and we actually
don't have like an actual Christmas tree
all of our Christmas trees are like tiny
um three like hey we should get a
Christmas tree we need to get a
Christmas tree
ah Christmassy Wilma we are decorating
for Christmas
as you can see oh okay yeah come on
flower let's put on your wood oh my gosh
this looks so freaking Christmas we
gotta get this tree we got the fire got
me looking like this great clothes come
here you wanna be in it
come here she's like heck no I know what
that is c'mere this one's like we got
our onesies little butt flap ah I can't
I think we're ready to start filming and
it's so funny cuz normally I don't want
to show you guys too much of behind the
scenes when I film because normally the
vlog goes up before like the video
whatever it is but this is different
because you've already seen in chokes it
was in the beginning of this video you
know I mean so it's kind of cool I get
to show you guys like in detail behind
the scenes I really wanted like
old-fashioned light bulbs like this and
they're so cute and they're like LED
apparently like they look really cool
when they're on it's cool it's called
happy
I don't know words can you tell I'm like
decorating the tree these ornaments are
from Target if you're wondering I can
get it on hey hey look how cute
ready okay Marshall gamify your onesie
those over you guys I am dying filming
this video
literally I fall I watched it back and
Isis like dying laughing this Tiffany I
want to show you guys behind the scenes
of how this is really going down okay so
did you guys okay ready Helvetia falling
behind the scenes that look better on
camera looks like this top state about
is galettes right there that's not good
I was my face down try to think of what
shot I want it to look like like do I
want it like far or like close I don't
know hey guys so update time it is now
what time is it
it's 552 although it feels so much later
because it's so dark outside I'm very
short I'm filming was really good and I
finished as being at the intro and I'm
really happy to talk turned out that I'm
super cute the only thing is I don't
know if it's too long I do think it's a
little long honestly I trimmed it down
as much as I could so I don't know let
me know what you guys think of it in the
comments if you like it or not or
whatever yes anyway fashion are gonna
run to the gym oh quick get a quick
workout in and come back so so yeah
outfit of the day if you're wondering it
shirts for Victoria's Secret Sports buzz
from Victoria Secret um leggings are
Nike and I'm wearing my Nike something I
don't know what they're called
but I really like them boom we're back
from the gym and we are currently
hanging up curtain and my panels and the
dining room area right now if you're
wondering shots my dad for helping us
ski if you're wondering I got these from
Pier one two years ago dang two years
ago that's crazy
yes we're gonna put them right there and
right there Donna you're done yeah and
it is a little crooked I know before
anyone comments it but like the windows
not centered to the wall so that's kind
of like but that's nice Betty
ah okay hey guys so I just took a shower
and I was about to go to bed and then I
was actually editing a lot of this vlog
realize I have hardly
any footage for some reason I thought
had a lot more I think it's because like
I was hit my camera down for like five
minutes and be filming the whole time
but I would only use like honestly three
seconds of that clip but yesterday I
actually did vlog I know I didn't upload
that vlog so what I'm going to do is
insert some of the clips here Ava and I
actually went shopping for you guys
which is coming up in a video super soon
this week's video is so exciting on my
main channel so get excited for that so
I'm going to include some of those Clips
here just to give you a little sneak
peek because that's one of the perks to
watching my vlogs you get sneak peeks
before everyone else what up guys so why
I'm here at Ava's now
buh-bam how did we just film an intro
for this video and we're going to go
shopping now and I told you I don't want
to I don't want to give way too much I'm
sure if you've watched both of us for
like I don't know maybe like a year now
you kind of have an idea what this is
but if not um then get excited yeah hi
Paris hi oh you're so cute can I pet you
oh yes oh yes
getting some food
and I got my blood orange which is so
exciting
what are you gonna get
oh I never really think about it so much
right the front yeah come on
so we are currently at 3rd Street
Promenade in Santa Monica and we're
looking for some goodies calling are you
guys see it currently in brandy melville
China Benson can you get boy bread so
here
a little like mints crabs funny well
here in 15
the accessories Kitson in urban
outfitters study saw last year's video
we're doing a similar prize actually
like the same prize from last time and
we are at Best Buy and we're getting
some good
was it the gold one I love
we have to stop good update the Santa
hat came out so did the Christmas
pajamas and so did the fuzzy subs oh
yeah go be real that's like what 9
almost we're like trying to hurry we
both gotta I gotta go home and a miss
good Airport will not go there but pick
someone up from the airport fake the
front scoop hey come here few pictures
yet a little off cutest member ha ha ha
so I hope that you would like that I'm
going to go to bed I'm sorry um if this
vlog was a little shorter than normal
but I will see you guys tomorrow with
vlogmas day 2 and yeah
