good morning guys and welcome to the
first vlog that I start in this
apartment which is so if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog then you're really out
of the loop but Ashley and I actually
moved apartments we're in the process of
moving and I uploaded at yesterday's
vlog and you guys are like so excited
which makes me excited like you guys are
just like really excited for all these
moving blogs and stuff so yeah sorry I
can look like crap but that's okay oh my
gosh you guys story I drove through
Starbucks this morning and I wish I had
my camera totally forgot to bring in Pat
Chloe with me and I was getting my dad
breakfast because he spent the night to
help us move a lot of stuff the cutest
Starbucks barista I've ever seen ever
had in my life happens to be working and
I look like crap I come rolling up and I
like him I'm like oh my gosh you're so
cute and I look ridiculous right now and
then Chloe is barking the whole time at
him but he was so cute I like you could
tell he liked dogs
he was like oh what fun like why are we
barking and I was like oh my gosh
stop you love dogs and you're hot and
someone's killing me try and decide I
think I'm gonna put on a little bit of
makeup before we start you today
completely but yeah it's just a moving
day that's kind of what we're gonna be
doing all day long I was also looking at
um some really cute home decor this
morning because with Black Friday and
Cyber Monday the deal this weekend are
amazing so I'm really excited to buy a
whole bunch of furniture and I'm so
excited oh my god I'm gonna head back
over to the OL apartment to get on some
more stuff because my dad's cleaning up
there and whatnot you want a quick coat
eating this jack is from urban
outfitters online is from brandy
melville it's just a really comfy hoodie
these shorts I have no idea where
they're from there actually is probably
like Target or something though and I'm
wearing my Nikes Barrio yes LOD
she's doing a lot better you guys were
giving me some tips to help her just
because chef first she was like not
feeling it she's doing a lot better she
still come like unsure especially
because we're still at the same complex
so she knows the area every time we're
walking she'll try to go to the old
place and not this place mostly I feel
like after a couple days are like a week
she'll she'll get the hang of it she
slept good though so so I got Megha
distracted and I have been sitting here
looking up new furniture and home decor
right now I'm looking at West Elm and I
have so much stuff in my car it's kind
of bad having 25% off this whole weekend
which is really really good like really
really really excited about that I'm
gonna wait to order everything to
actually come so she can like give the
okay you know like oh yeah like I agree
because you know I want her input on
decorations and stuff baby I think I'm
going to throw on some makeup and start
unpacking good work on my closet that's
one thing I do I saw this picture and I
kinda want my bedroom to look like that
like my filming set up I think to look
like this like with dresser and in my
bed in the corner I don't know and then
what else do I have
I saw this one which I really liked like
the table and stuff for the dining table
but I think I'm gonna do something
different oh this one design okay this
is literally our entire apartment set up
because our couches right here and then
this would be the bedroom to my room I'm
thinking about getting really tall
bookshelves and having like knickknacks
and stuff and then I love this planter
right here I don't know I think like
this whole entire thing is just perfect
so what'd you guys think should I do a
setup like this
doo-doo-doo-doo on this wall right here
I think that could look really really
good we'll have to find a new spot for
the Cubbies but I don't know I think I
think I really like the bookshelves
because this wall is so tall I feel like
this just kind of like cuts it off at a
weird length so it doesn't like elongate
the wall just kind of like makes it look
clutter so I feel like like two really
tall bookcases good book so see my like
arm-flailing owe money hey babe I missed
the beeping we're gonna need to go out
Sam should do a pony or a bun what do
you guys think honey our button I'm
feelin a button okay yep that looks
worse to know I start oh yeah that
definitely looks worse than a started
that's cool go to turn maybe go to
Target you know like a new trash can and
like that type of stuff
I also need bathroom stuff or if I'm
gonna get that
ah oh and I ordered a new couch which
makes me so excited
parents need a couch so I'm actually
gonna give them our other one because
it's like totally fine and like brand
new basically and then I ordered a new
one
so I have no idea when that's actually
going to arrive we'll step by you're
down no I don't know I didn't get my
tripod it's still in my trunk
otherwise I'm totally happy guys on much
iPod and I need to charge my phone
really bad and we're going to target
yeast do it get decor stuff get a new
trash can holla at Target getting some
goodies a new friends your curtains we
need more curtains
that's bath curtains wait those aren't
yours are her your decorative drapery
rod Sweeny new curtains in the living
room I don't know which ones to get oh I
like these ones those ones are Mac or
yeah I think I like those the best Oh
break it though cutting Josh total no
oven
this one does finally getting in your
trash can that Chloe cannot push over
ooh got a new vacuum which was very
needed because her other one basically
didn't work at all
I'll have to be four actually all the
kitchen stuff because she loves kitchen
buying kitchen stuff
lunchtime I'm so excited john oates
ashley for bringing me home a salad from
Chili's you were the best hey guys
update time it is currently 419 I feel
like I haven't really done too too too
much today except I actually placed a
few orders for court and apartment stuff
and resolve it we went to Target we got
a gun new vacuums got a new trash can um
well soak up all their like little
little things nothing like too cute and
crazy just like basic stuff so I didn't
really bother showing you guys a haul
because it's really like basic stuff you
just kind of need to live but yes I'm
chilling here in my room which is still
nowhere near done that is okay I'm close
here she's chilling you're doing really
well to change babe and then tonight
we're going to completely rearrange my
room I think I know how I want to have
it like at least arrangement why so I
can rent out tonight probably gonna move
the desk in my room I don't really like
in the dining area at all so I'm gonna
bring it back in my room and and yeah
I'm excited I'm mom is currently on her
way and she's gonna come help out so the
whole family is gonna be here oh I am
not used to having like lighting that's
too bright yet I mean like this is
pretty bright I'm not used to a closet
is still a mess but I'll show you guys
an update this is what I gots going on
so far we moved one of my bookshelves in
here for my shoes that suitcase actually
has all of my shoes but it didn't even
fit all of my shoes but that's a little
carrying just shoes I'm gonna put on the
shelves in and I can put some shoes in
there or shoes up there and some purses
yes I have to be right there because
poober is my favorite and yes
are you as proud of me I have downsized
my closet so much I know this looks huge
if you've watched my blog for a while
you know that I have downsized my closet
so much I still have a little more
clothes to hang up but for the most part
like this is really good for me I know
this is like a huge closet and a lot of
you're like wow that's like three times
what I have but this is three times less
than what I did have so I'm proud of
myself and you should be too and I
donated the rest of the clothes so yeah
it's been a nice cream tea today and
it's Bella
so bombs
I'm really really really good mom is
here we're still like you Thanks hi my
dad's done here Oh sweetheart
given the tears I love you and no I
think I actually blog to your last
that's perfect this a lot later now I
think it's seven something and Karen is
here and we and I hey hey fun fact I'm
Ashley I'm Alicia's sister and I and my
best friend Karen and like we're not a
lot of people think we're smarter than
men and we are going to rearrange at my
furniture in my room because I think I
have in my head what I want my rooms
look like now
for the most part I never know it'll
probably change but let's do it oh that
good only me with bags of money oh you
are the chrome I like it on me wonder
hey I thought you trip I move this box
yeah I don't do it yeah are you we well
that would be dad then
there we go so I hug it moving
oh boo the bed okay okay Oh baby where's
that button that was easy
you know
not really liking the dresser right here
but there's honestly with my better as
well there's no other spot to put it the
dark this hey guys so I'm going to go
tonight tonight to bed
I'm gonna go to bed is a really tired
I'm not sure if I'm gonna combine
today's vlog with 12 off anyways lvi so
so so so much and I'll see you
the new vlog super super suit peace out
yo okay five
