good morning guys good morning you
saturday happy Saturday but it's finally
here we can finally announce our big
announcement which the title says it all
and it's true we are moving oh my god so
crazy I know it's like so spontaneity
Sun body I didn't - it was very
spontaneous we have been wanting to for
a while but we didn't want to
last-minute like we happen to ask if
they had any bigger units available in
this complex and they said yes like as
of like a week before we're like oh my
gosh like meant to be a crazy we toured
it we fell in love with it we're not
moving like moving cities or anything
we're literally in the same apartment
complex we're just moving upstairs
across the way across different building
upstairs so we're gonna give you guys a
sneak peek of it all empty yes we're
gonna show you the whole process the
next couple vlogs are definitely going
to be big moving vlogs the good news is
we have two weeks with both apartments
so it's not like we have to get
everything in in one day so that means
the next few vlogs are gonna be all
moving blogs so I love moving vlog movie
as exciting and new and new decorating
because everybody oh my gosh is so
exciting I'm slowing up so this it kind
of reflects you guys you know like it's
gonna be a different background it's
gonna be a new setup it's gonna be a lot
of new things it doesn't like seem like
it affects you guys but it really
affects you guys so I hope you're
excited as I am as you can tell the
background is a little more wolf doesn't
look that different you have been
packing all last night
and today I have so much stuff not even
funny so much clothes someone is not fun
yeah so let's go let's go see the new
please yeah yeah yep yep so are you
excited to have a new home be are you
excited to have a new home yeah you
should because it's upstairs there's a
huge patio ready dun dun dun dun - it
looks so beautifully lit I can't even oh
let's have a em Achuar with Alicia yeah
apartment or empty apartment or so here
we have the front door where I'll be
walking
not a lot really walking to you the very
open living room my hair so cute
this one has a way bigger living room in
their last apartment well I didn't see
the TV's already I'm set up because the
cable people came this is how big it is
over here we have the dining room we'll
be eating our food the invertebrates
tool maybe another tool
and we have our kitchen which is so much
bigger than our last one the lighting is
so good in the kitchen
ah look at how beautiful it is so we
have our oven and our fridge I wish it
opened the other way yeah it's kind of
weird but it's cool it's cool
hey guys okay we have a hallway got some
laundry up in here
watch the dryer stops important no
support in Bristol I just pinch myself
over here we have action bathroom I
legit we have Ash's bathroom and then we
your fashions food coming coming coming
okay Ash's room it's nice I'm actually
kind of jealous
so these closets you don't think you can
do you could get rid of the doors and
have like crew and come down the hall to
a closet and it become this ahem
we have and here's my bedroom you guys
I'm so excited as you know as all of you
most of you know I heated my bedroom in
my old one I never filmed there because
the lighting was so bad but now the
lighting is good look at this oh and I
have a closet it's a little smaller than
the last one but that's okay because I
need to downsize my closets and stuff go
on and then if you go to this but you
have a bathroom okay leave it matter and
last but definitely not least thank for
this oh we have a patio little loud
that's okay but the other side of it
thank you
living room the mainland is awesome
laughing oh no oh no no my hair so cute
right now guys we're gonna look at we're
gonna look back and be like oh my gosh
this is the first day we moved here and
like uh-huh we're already feeling that
way about our old apartment it's a good
move but it was our first of our lifes
it's gonna be a little sad to say bye
sisters Oh forever our first place
together we're saying goodbye to it but
it's okay cuz we're upgrading the tiny
news don't do something yeah fine oh oh
okay hey guys update so is now maybe
like to some things we've been moving
boxes and boxes all day going back and
forth as you can tell a closet is like
oh as you can tell my closet is like
almost empty which is so exciting
he hired memories for a couple hours so
they're here moving all the big stuff
and we like can literally not like wamuu
like our beds and tables and stuff and
my mom is here she's helping I teryn
might stop by later because she said she
wanted to help to close with me she's
kind of freaking out beer cool she
doesn't like the strangers in the house
huh we are not sure about it she hasn't
seen the new place yet yeah like what's
going on in confused it's okay the way
Sookie got some subway fare lunch which
was really good I packed up most of my
stuff for the most part because it's so
close like we're not moving like actual
locations we don't need a box everything
ever just like filling up our cars and
like going back and forth and stuff we
do not like what's going oh yeah and
then especially how both apartments it's
not like they have to get everything out
say which is nice bird
here's the progress that we are making
and well here's my bedroom oh my gosh
looks so weird it's all empty oh here we
go
our living room Oh kitchen uh still
needs a lot work haha oh we're getting
there you're getting named
Chloe what are the most important things
that we cannot forget times like this
isn't I'm like I should do a moving life
hack video but then I'm just kind of
like setting them
it's literally like 500 feet away not
even people are going to them comment on
my wonderful packing skills oh my
camera's balancing on a pier I knew that
was gonna happen how so many coffee cups
this is not even updates we are making
some progress
yeah oh it's super light I just moved up
from the other apartment yeah it got
ties in the like so scoot that over I
feel like we just look like we've been
moving yeah Vaughn was here and then she
left he forgot to vlog her here's an
update on my bedroom I also have no idea
how I'm gonna decorate it I have no idea
where my bed's gonna go I have no eggs
just no idea for this whole entire stink
we decided we're gonna keep our cubbies
here keep them here or basically get rid
of I know there's no other spot and then
this was the only like decent spot for
my computer even though this is like a
dining room area so we moved the table
to this corner because honestly like
it's just me and Ashlee so I think I'm
gonna get a smaller table and have like
a little bistro area corner and they'll
have my desk over here and like now my
chairs in the living room which I
actually really like because I feel like
you can appreciate it better
there's our patio oh oh we have a little
table syndra coffee
ah got all my like desk stuff and
whatnot so yeah and some random like
stuff
Chloe sucks you know you know whatever
I'm in oh yeah oh my gosh she's good and
I have my million plaque which is pretty
heavy so we're gonna grab that later
when I have two hands oh oh yeah Chloe
start school money ji party cheeseburger
cheeseburger good she really so our
neighbors are barbecuing and it smells
like bomb cheeseburgers and actually
we've been talking about how we want one
I just call it Chloe cheap either
hey David making progress
funny come on blue stuff
look my buck cried a bag is already
getting put to good use
oh my gosh you're finally done for the
night we got quite a bit of stuff done
today on opiates is how we have so much
in here the kitchen both of our rooms I
mean everything's a mess and a huge
disaster a lot done today shakes me a
bit more here look at that makes me so
excited as you can tell my hair started
on top of my head today and then by the
end of it okay this was a messy button
yeah can you hear me I'm out of breath
we just brought some huge boxes upstairs
this was so heavy this now we had we
like the new place oh how do you like
yeah oh my gosh I'm so tired give you a
little update overview update we have
our dishes towels I have my panels and
cubby mirror we even like organize some
furniture around today and yes making so
much progress get it ash
Ashly the beast at this stuff I'm a lot
slower yay we afternoon although not
much I'm so excited to edit this vlog
later I'm like I'm so excited I should
help Ashley I'm a haha okay we're trying
to figure out which cabinets to do for
like what thing
yes so we have extra cabinets I thought
it'd be cute check all the cups in one
spot but then like we don't have that
many cuz got the coffee cups above the
Keurig no I like the Keurig in the
corner I think that's cute why should we
put our waffle maker the trouble that
came with this coffee or waffle maker
whoo I'm packing it's not fun but they
make fun vlogs so I don't know what
that's a thing but it is of course I'm
doing the coffee because most important
seeing other I'm all right I'm all right
I'm all right
I'm not rigorously shuri cups or not it
yeah there's so much cheese you know
we're good we're good we're good
honestly all over the place but it
because you never doing behind you oh
snap they fit on top Wow okay we've done
so much more and guess you came to hell
actually she's leaving but my battery
died so I'm it's been charging that's
that's what happened I'm good thanks for
coming thanks for helping I love you and
I miss you know Sammy Amaro thanks for
coming your dad is here he's helping us
cool buddy look what I did stand up
Donovan doe yeah going to totally redo
and redecorate the Cubbies but just for
now and we have our old stuff on there
so I look like right now ready look hold
out honestly and yes and I'm also gonna
hang on my panels I think we're gonna
put them in the entry doorway and I'm
excited to finally have a mirror where I
can talk to you guys that's not really
really really dark and this is like
nighttime but the lights on look good
okay we're gonna go get some food and
yes so I just edited this whole entire
vlog up until this point and I realized
it's kind of long I'm sorry about that
or I'm not sorry if you like vlogs your
choice blue and I are chilling here on
the couch move on boys you can tell it
really tired so I'm going to shower and
go to bed and then I can finish
unpacking in the morning and all that
fun stuff we have a little more to do
I'm actually with a lot more to do but
that's ok I hope that you liked today's
surprising announcements and I've been
excited to share with you guys I love
you guys so so so so much and I can't
wait to make new memories in this
apartment
with you guys and yes ok bye that was
rude bye
um and yeah bye bye bye bye
