hey guys so today is Sunday and it's
probably later than I'd like it to be
right now so it's a it's 250 but I know
that's wrong because I think we just
haven't switched the clock on that yet
for like daylight savings so that means
150 which still doesn't make me happy
cuz that's still pretty late so I just
finished watching yesterday's vlog it's
up its going and you guys I feel like
you're like you saw another side of me
you haven't seen yet there are
definitely a few Alesha moves I don't
think you guys have seen that was one of
them for sure so if you haven't watched
that definitely go watch that Loki had a
tantrum and one of those moves we all
have them don't act like you don't be
home soon she texts me and s if it
wanted Starbucks film Billy hoping she
brings me Starbucks that would be
amazing today I have so much homework as
you guys know I don't usually vlog on
Sundays just because I don't really do
too much
honestly I usually just go to church and
do homework all day and for some reason
I'm a very huge procrastination mood
procrastinate Asian mood crash Junaid
procrastination Brooker hmm whatever
reason I just really want to
procrastinate right now because I have
it oh I'm so much I have so much
homework at night it's not even funny
and I was hoping to upload today I have
to do that some nail still have no idea
what to do for it normally it's like
pretty obvious like oh you know it's the
morning routine I'll get a picture of me
waking up for getting ready it'll
probably be up before you watch this
vlog that the video is why girls take
forever to get ready not gonna lie I
usually spend about a good hour
sometimes more on my thumbnail for
videos thumbnails are so so important as
a tip for you guys if you have a channel
it's not really a ten if it's just
letting you know they're really
important kind of freaking out over that
because I need to have a good thumbnail
for it but yeah I figured I should vlog
because I have not started the vlog
today and I don't know how much footage
I'm gonna have it might be a shorter
blog I don't know oh oh my gosh you guys
I I'm so excited I don't know if you can
tell or if some of you know me then you
know that I just love like the
production side of like filming and
photography and all that fun stuff is
really fun for me to like buy new
equipment
I just lurched on so much video
equipment for future videos and I'm so
excited for it I'm pretty sure it's all
gonna come this week I'm like really
excited
we did about it too so if you saw that
that's what I was talking about and if
you didn't see that then you should
follow me on Twitter
no really I love Twitter Twitter's like
so fun because I can just tweet whatever
I want and not gonna let I try my
hardest to favorite every single tweet
that I see from you guys I try to
favorite so many I try to follow a lot
of you guys like oh look
Oh struggled so hard right now clap is
the winner one first
okusama I'm gonna say that every time
it's a holiday cause I literally just
tried to take a drink right now I was
like oh oh now um yeah Beau's a while
thanks Ashley
mmm update so it's now 431 which I'm
kind of getting nervous because I feel
like I should really upload super super
soon but I don't know if it's done I'm
trying to decide if I want to have like
an inch or not but good news the
thumbnail has turned out really good all
I think I'm really bummed about is I
don't think there's a way I can put text
in the title I always have my little
like bubbles and stuff I don't know I
don't know but I really like where this
is going so maybe I just won't put text
which is such a weird thing for me let's
show you guys ready ready it's not all
the way done but um oh yeah can you
guess what the video does it look like
this is why girls to deep river to ready
I don't know I mean like maybe I could
put like girls or like I don't know
there's no room for it I totally didn't
plan for that which makes me sad but
speaking of do you guys like seeing like
you guys like texting titles or in
thumbnails or do you like no text and
thumbnails let me know what you guys
like better I'm actually really curious
but I think for this some now I'm just
not going to be able to do it I don't
know I don't know I don't know I try
really hard to upload tonight because I
really want to upload my goal this week
is to change all of our lights to
fluorescents because they're all so
yellow and it makes me just just I just
don't like how it looks I have so much
homework and I really should be doing
that but instead I'm sitting here
editing and that's lovely
I think it's ready to upload I'm just
going to watch it real quick one time
first that's a really gorgeous shot I
think I was gonna watch it one time
first to make sure and then hopefully
upload I feel like it's so late it's
actually only 5:30 but because it's like
totally dark outside it feels like it's
so late so I feel like I shouldn't
upload but it's like only 5 it's 11:30
oh hey me new video
is up and our vehicle you can only see
the thumbnail but I'll show you to know
that is the thumbnail I thought it
turned out pretty good still really wear
 there could be text on it
see I don't know part of me is like will
the video not do is good because there's
no text or will it do better because
there's no text I honestly have no idea
yeah yeah yeah I'm excited
yeah like I'll take forever to get ready
in the morning
oopsie I are both really stressed
because there's so much homework to do
tonight we're both gonna be up super
late so we're making some coffee
currently working on the art of editing
and the new age of convergence not fun
like computer editing like editing
grammar and stuff like that so oh I
thought of this computer enemy nope it
was like it's journalism so currently
working on that right now
if you didn't know for this semester I'm
taking online classes like all online um
so that's why every Sunday I'm like I
won't work because it's due by midnight
feel so bad city's voice so boring
compared to yesterday's what yesterday's
was like one of my favorite books ever I
was watching it back was like wait this
is actually so funny today's look is not
that interesting
I'm sorry but that's how my life is some
days aren't just saying some days are
definitely not that maybe you guys can
help me at describing your own words the
impact is developing new media systems
on more traditional media outlets such
as newspapers magazines radio and
television well being a movie doings up
oh oh no no yes actually other my sister
would cheer good
we actually I don't know if this vlog is
gonna be boring because what I tend to
procrastinate I tend to like now I'm
just gonna focus on vlogging right now
when I shouldn't but I'm going to you
know I am no I am with my glasses on cuz
like low-key feel smarter when I wear my
glasses no I don't know I'm doing I have
like seven things to turn it into our
three hours three have our I think seven
times I think 7:30 most people need air
to live i new coffee that is like no
other remember you don't act like an
icon they're sitting at my desk all day
fresh pasta they're doing homework the
not so glamorous life of Alicia Marie
upstage still him save thought taking a
break from homework I'm you wish me so
proud of me I did six assignments
already and I only have two legs I was
reading comments on the vlog that I put
up today and I know how I told you guys
I want to start like replying to more on
my vlog channel because for uploading
mean basically every day or every other
day however often I upload I don't know
I feel like I should reply more in the
comment section so sorry um if I you
know working on that's the thing
everyone's like did you eat the Scimitar
old did you kiss piss in minerals like
no I never have the cinnamon rolls cuz
they're for a video so I think Tuesday
I'm gonna get a cinnamon roll I'm
excited
my fingers looks so weird yes they are
Chloe why you so cute all your face is
dirty we're going to the groomers
tomorrow
mossy how spoiled she is my kids is for
club she just sits there and takes it
she thought yeah yeah love me yeah are
you looking pretty me look Oh
allergies I'm not sick money is the name
motion book club whoa we are so - we
want
play me come here back at it I'm in
Ashley to me we're having a edit e are
editing smiling this we're gonna say
we're having an editing party because
that's what I say out of just pure like
and now we're having a homework party
that's so much more fun does anyone want
to do this boobies
any takers just kidding cuz that's so
wrong and that's plagiarism and not
right
so homework is done and I'm so excited
for that um and it's a little earlier
than like I don't know I got it done a
lot earlier than I thought I was going
to currently 11:10 so it's exciting
pretty good about that I'm trying to
decide if I want to edit this vlog that
you're currently watching right now or
if I just want to I don't know like
clean up my room a little bit maybe like
slowly relax go to bed like I I probably
should do that I think I'm gonna do that
because I've been editing basically all
day but on a computer all day so it's
probably good idea to put this away oh
hi so like I should do something
different that I normally do oh you know
what I bought that books at like travel
bug I should like look through it that
could be fun hey babe you went up on the
bed
you always want up on my bed I know you
do come here here we go are you not the
cutest ever let's get the bed ready to
sleep in like never shown this in a vlog
which ha ha
I don't know if this is really weird but
I have to have my pillows like a certain
way obviously if I like spend the night
at me as like I'm totally fine with one
pillow like I'm really not picky unless
it comes to like sleeping in my bed like
I have to have them perfectly like it's
kind of like a V if that makes sense
like this could actually be a little
more I don't know it's a it's really
weird I'm weird I don't know are you
guys like that cuz kind of hoping you
are too and we're getting ready for bed
using the communi makeup wipes in my
favorite ever mia actually got me on
these so close here I'm here I decided
to look through this book because I
bought it and why not write a little
reading at the fluid bed make up soft
and retainers RN stuff like sounds linen
that is water so yeah so does now 1204 I
love you so so so so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow
good luck possibly okay um yeah
