hey guys good morning good afternoon it
is 11:30 one BAM to Saturday and we are
on our way to Palm Springs guys who is
here the blog makes you actually want
people who are likely would question me
I'm here this week you
we're hanging here in here yeah
so we're road tripping it up gonna stay
for a night and I'm just having a girls
day and um I'm taking pictures okay road
trip essentials you guys know me so much
gotta have the star bees skinny slippin
a lot a shout-out to Taryn for getting
me coffee this morning
that's your boo no you're gonna go drop
her off at mom and dad's so she can play
with Toby do Toby do then go play with
it oh cool play with your brothers
oh I love you
ha
hey guys okay so we are in our hotel
room and this is such a nice place they
totally upgraded our room and stuff and
it's just it's so nice that I'm like
freaking out which is like so beautiful
I'm so excited I get a little tour of
I'm pumped Springs vacation place so you
walk into this elite living room area
and they had some snacks ready for us
just so sweet then there's a TV over
here there's a patio you guys know I
love my patios oh my gosh oh oh oh my
gosh oh my goose balls and then you walk
over here you got the best thing in the
whole entire room which is the Keurig
machine and then we have the beds are
over here TV chair fireplace which is
cool you walk over here and here's the
bathroom which is huge
bathtub looks amazing ahh oh my gosh
this is nice this is way bigger than I
thought - you wave it sir ha ha ha I'm
gonna get some chips and go walk so
we're about to go venture out around the
hotel and get some pictures
I literally have my camera my Polaroid
and my blog camera and I'll have my
thought to like the photographer you
know hey you know you know you know Jeff
but uh you still taking it to me nothing
but I'm going to take pictures but I'm
going around Aubree's oh yeah I did it's
so pretty
yeah I can't I just can't so I'm about
to post this photo to Instagram but I
have no idea what to title it / caption
it / I have no idea help although by the
time you see it already be up so go see
what I put we are trying to find some
cute places to take pictures
some Instagram we stock up on off
pictures mmm
Jerry fog takeover what's up guys been a
while sorry you know I started vlogging
and I haven't seen any takeovers in a
while you're in Palm Springs or desert
or something we are walking around doing
Instagram photos and Lita is on her and
get ready you work it sexy my poses oh
you oh you work it like that that is
like
update Texas a little later now and we
are actually asking the mall getting
shopping coming here because I didn't
rig enough clothes and it's so cute and
I want more Instagram low-key zefa some
reason over here
vlog bombers in the back that's how you
know it's not too early to upload
Christmas videos when Santa's in the
stores
currently impact Sun and I found a whole
bunch of stuff I'd like the brandy
section this brandy section is way
better than any like packs on I've been
given
mm yeah
is this not like one of the cutest
things ever what up guys so we are back
at the hotel room and I figured I'd give
you guys a little haul because I don't
have too much footage in today's vlog
again so sorry but good news my new
video is up so definitely go check that
out haven't yet it's DIY holiday life
hacks everyone thought was like you're
actually I think there was a few people
who got it right most people thought it
was like treats or dessert / whatever
but um but yeah anyways I don't like
this angle okay so I only one to two
places but I actually kind of got a few
things so let's let's get into it first
we have American Eagle and the American
Eagle in my store actually closed down
so it's been awhile since I've been
shopping here first thing that I got is
this really cute sweater it was actually
um I think it's on sale I forget but
it's like a light pink cropped sweater
and it's long sleeves and I thought was
like cute and totally me
so I got that next I got this dress and
I was really pretty and very bohemian
don't doesn't doesn't ah I got one
morning it is literally the softest
shirt I think I've ever felt in my
entire life just this white long-sleeve
like cozy shirt put to a pants on first
thing I got is this like turtleneck
long-sleeve shirt it looks like this and
you guys it's so soft Malta being
everything else my call is from brandy
actually the first thing that I saw on
this door was this shirt that I thought
was really cute and I was really needing
more tops like this which I thought was
really cute and then I also got this top
which is like another light pink one
like this you can tell I'm in like a
cozy mood because everything that I got
is just very comfy and cozy honestly
then I got this long-sleeve if you could
fill it you guys would die it's like a
sweat sweater really soft just like
oversized long-sleeve shirt it's
optional last thing that I got is
another hoodie from brandy because I
love their hoodies that is everything
and then I got I have clothes with me
cuz I didn't bring any clothes
hahaha wait what is it thing Billy's
uncles and like so cute you look so
creepy here's everything laid out if you
guys wanted to see a little better view
of everything anyways I think I'm going
to edit some of the photos that we took
today there's actually a whole bunch of
cute ones
I still enjoy taking pictures bears I'm
gonna go to bed good night Oh see this
tomorrow and yeah okay bye hey everyone
so Dee is day two of Palm Springs it is
Sunday we had some breakfast was amazing
oh it got really bright really bright
really quick so anyways we are packing
up because we wanted to go explore Palm
Springs take some pictures be like those
tumblr e bloggers who take like really
cute pictures and stuff so yeah one an
OOTD today sure it's from PacSun and
it's super cute and I really like it
flannel is from urban and we're all the
time shorts are American Apparel and
then mob boots from Nordstrom oh enough
map it currently at 12 of 9 still pretty
full so we probably won't get like food
for a while but yes let's go take some
pictures definitely would love some like
iced coffee right now free we also took
some really cute pictures this morning
so I'll show you guys later you can all
about my camera lately I'm really loving
it packing up let's go
no isn't it from soft yarn or whatever
remember that uh Taryn do it outfit of
the day for me hat is from forever 21
necklace is round where we there can
evil ass you got for me yesterday
Oh clunk oh no air possible air fossil
this is from like a little like fashion
store this is my mom's from like way
back in the day and at my boots
alright um Ashley mine from Arab and
Alicia's anxious from urban bodies from
my Starbucks we are so I want him home
oh you know I like the fun I like that
one better I love them let me do this I
was gonna buy you one of these build a
shop and it was like the ice one and I
was like a little ornament is cute yeah
that's what I need oh yes I'm so excited
I'm just like petting it I'm so excited
this makes my heart happy and my tummy
happy and my head to copy do yet what
you get with your Starbucks worker get a
grande iced coffee and a venti Cup extra
ice and you get more coffee yes and a
tax go sweet our extra half and half and
then caramel drizzle around the cop but
is a complicated I thought it's like a
paragraph I thought mine wasn't
complicated order as always I got my ice
cream swimming a latte
okay so we just checked some adorable
pictures I'm so excited for you guys to
see them they're so cute hey what hotels
it's called to guaro sick come on hotel
okay and you guys look so cute
photographer Alicia getting it getting
it working it what do you do this is
seriously such a cute leis
I love it so we are now getting at some
lunch for Leonard it's like a chlorine
definitely 338 basically did an outfit
change another picture and I'm going to
change again later because we really
watching like 70 pictures really want to
get some balloons got an enchilada and
the beaver right next we are getting
some balloons so I can take a cue or we
can all take some cute pictures so many
options
I like the sunflower oh you could like
the Sun hoping it'll fly away or pop or
I can get a picture mom is right a diner
and it's really windy so it would be
very windy holding a boy pic I know but
we never pictured
hey so I'm so sorry I haven't blogged in
a while my battery actually died I worry
about that
obviously we're back home and yeah I was
actually gonna go to bed because I'm
really tired but this weekend was so
much fun I hope that you liked this vlog
yeah okay I guess I'll see you in really
soon with a new vlog and yeah
