hey guys so T is Thursday I believe and
can I say this week
flew by like more than normal which like
I don't know just like flew by so if you
couldn't tell I met me as a parchment
right now
but Mia is not here her and her mom
actually went to run do an errand so I'm
just chilling here again would be like
ultimate friendship goals when you let
your French like chill your apartment
when you're not even there and eat your
food sleep run chuckles yes I made some
oatmeal for breakfast
so that's yummy last night we went to
the premiere of Secret in our eyes and
it was such a good mood or secret in
their eyes anyways it was such a good
movie it's definitely like it's like a
murder case type of thing so if you're
not into that I don't recommend it but
if you are it was really really good and
it was way better than I thought it was
going to be even went to the premiere of
that and that was really fun so in just
being nice because it was late
afterwards and yeah today I really want
to take Mia to Alford's that coffee
place that I went to with Sierra so when
she gets back I think we're gonna go and
do that because it was seriously such a
cute place Tom come on together and yeah
here's my outfit for today George is
from where's is from the shirt is from
Lulu's I want to say skirt is forever 21
this cardigan sweater is Mia's so I have
no idea
Mia I borrowed a sweater so and yeah I
choose our Dolce Vita they're from
Nordstrom and socks are from Free People
yeah yeah that is Myles fit for today a
what day ken is getting a costume cool I
see so many vines with this oh it
doesn't like it snug in with kids look
at it bow pen can you just love me yay
noggin with Tanner this is my Chloe gets
mad at me I come home and I smelly Ken
she's like
we're Americans there
American oh this is America like this is
so cute it's so cute
I got me normal vanilla latte was so
pretty
what'd you get
okay Tiffany's here what up guess what
I'm drinking what are you drinking and
they love it oh we're so a today I'm
trying to sleep oh so oh there you go
there yes update we are now my corner
bakery getting some food because after
thought we were like wait we're actually
gonna hungry for dinner you see I'm not
dinner
for life we ordered some cafe corner
brain cavity right yes haha mac and
cheese
oh no you got pasta like wait but it
looks the same it was always be noodles
are the same yeah so I got a spinach
salad this is actually like my favorite
salad from here it's purty you doing
good so you guys should try it that's my
update for now I really still haven't
walked much today I am falling asleep
and taking a nap well if you want know
what up guys
so I'm so sorry I feel like I haven't
bought too much today and I feel like
yesterday's vlog was a little shorter
than normal - it was like seven minutes
and lately I've been like killing it
with like 10 minute long sleep stays
pretty short - I'm sorry Leslie I
haven't done much today I had a migraine
earlier so I took a nap and I watched
some YouTube videos and so we've been
doing what I think we're gonna have an
editing date although I don't have too
much to edit other than this vlog I
think I might just like brainstorm on
videos and whatnot and then drive home
tonight
go seek Lula a the sidings burn boomer
Bernard
hi me I'll love me love me love me
Tiffany and I are chillin chillin I was
um you know what me is I'm least
favorite word is kickin it so Alicia and
I are kickin it I've never said that are
we see chillin for challenge update
apparently planning out some future
videos
but I won't show you what they are
because I want them to be a suprise well
but maybe I'll tell years later because
um if you're a pawn viewer then
more insights in life about my life
famous Tiffany's and I am here office
let's be productive or since that's not
I decided instead of editing this vlog
you went oh wait edit this not go
tomorrow planned like a planning
brainstorm I'm gonna do and so it's
currently eleven seventeen feel
productive got some stuff done
- speaking of it do me a favor and leave
requests on videos that you guys want to
see for winter one many shows it's
happening planning for that I know it's
like ahead of time but like whatever
planet burn early so I mean what kind of
videos you guys want to put there I'll
be really fun and exciting Tammy I'm
excited feeling too small you so right
okay so I'm going to go drive home good
bye Tiffany good bye Mimi
I'll see you soon Gesser I am home I run
up no cannoli you guys Chloe smells cat
she's been sniffing my suitcase my bags
my short like everything ever since I
got home because she smells Ken they
haven't seen each other in such a long
time look at canners huh
khlo you miss kannas you miss caner you
guys will see each other bit soon and
you can ballet hey guys today's Friday
and I know it broke my streak of
uploading like every single day for it
was like a week or week or two I don't
know it's a long time I was uploading
every single day but yesterday's footage
was just not long enough and I knew like
today I'm probably not gonna get that
much footage also because it's such a
busy day so I was like you know what I'm
just gonna combine the two so I'll
upload all this tomorrow you guys can
see it on Saturday so I'm so sorry if
some of you are mad about that I was a
little disappointed but I honestly think
it's just gonna be better that way went
to the gym this morning that's why I
look like this and you guys I am dead I
don't know if you can tell but my arm is
like shaky like I just like cameras
probably shaking because my arm is
shaking and my legs are shaking like I
can't walk I'm walking like a penguin
literally walking like a penguin I'm
still super sore from Wednesday when I
worked out so today I'm just like it's
so bad okay
oh man but we did boxing today which was
fun that was really
I literally can't walk at Hertz live on
earth anyways I just fun to update you
I'm gonna hop in the shower and get
ready for today we have so much filming
to do I'm filming and editing literally
all day and night so really hoping to
upload tomorrow or Sunday
sorry Lighting's like kind of weird in
here but I'm getting ready and Ash's
bathroom just because it's a lot cleaner
than my son guy cubby my bathroom is
like always dirty
I'm currently listening to Justin's new
album had it pre-ordered so every time a
new song came out I was like freaking
out but you guys my favorite song right
now at the moment is the feeling with
healthy oh my gosh you guys it's so
amazing like it's been on repeat not so
good
quickly get ready film is amazing and
one Direction's came out to so I've been
listening to that if you guys have all
those albums let me know your favorite
song so I can go and I don't know so I
can like find some view of my favorites
you know how when you listen to an album
for the first time and it's a little
overwhelming because like you know
you're gonna love all of the songs but
it's like your first time listening to
it so you don't know yet and Justin and
one Direction's album so there's like 40
songs that I need to go through and I'm
just like oh my gosh so let me know your
favorites so much wedding with our venti
coffees
Ashley got me so much butter we are 20
you're not contouring oh that's nice oh
can we not we not compare you to Alisha
right now why is your lighting so much
better and then I came in to quit I quit
we're ready
finally thank the Lord I'm getting
myself enrolled right now I'm good guys
excited I'm so excited you guys rose
right now mmm yeah I was looking at
commis my last video and no one guessed
the video that I'm doing no it's
exciting all exactly what you think it
is everyone thought it was treats not
theirs couple treats in there it's not a
treats video you guys I finally have my
Seminoles it finally happened
Freddy hey I've ever made for my channel
a bomb oh I'm excited I'm happy my
tummy's that'd be a my heart is happy I
am happy outfit of the day hat is from
Target sleeping shirt is from Target I'm
wearing some workout shorts from
Victoria's Secret and some high socks on
a cigarette maybe target no aperture
turban sneak peek of the video he's so
cute oh my gosh I'm in love
Chloe is filling the festive Christmas
mood to top it bring a Christmas one a
little onesie oh we got Bed Head
bye I always forget how much I love red
lips I just never really wear them so I
need to start wearing them more I'm
always like mega paranoid that I'm gonna
get it like all over my teeth oh and
smile like a cute guy and then be like
well you got something you know
yes but what do you love to know maybe
like three things for theme update
almost done with filming and then I get
at it all night I'm so bloated actually
I'm not excited I'm a little excited so
I like editing but like not when you got
that much to do I'm so excited for this
weekend we're going to Palm Springs
tomorrow so that should be fun so that's
why I'm trying really hard to get this
video completely done and edited so I
can actually enjoy the weekend cuz I
love your knives so Leah like Miranda
sings no red lips in like a blue Joey
Joey don't you work on my accent don't
be
we're done with filming which makes me
so happy so now I'm just going I'm
starting to edit everything so we'll see
the time I finish
it's 6:30 4:00 p.m. it feels a lot later
than it is it's only 6:30 I might not
get a tomorrow although I'm telling
myself it will so I'm gonna make it up
tomorrow
huh fun my computer just froze now maybe
it won't get us tomorrow update 947 is
still sitting here Ashley and Taryn bet
me Becca salad it should get back to
Tara's here
hi Ashley's here time here err no idea
code no oh
Chloe oh we're going to be busy album I
listened to last night it's so good you
guys
I love it I am I am I in love with you
am I gonna go
and not gonna lie I think I like it so
much because I think it's so so true I
think there's so many times when people
think they're in love with a really not
there just like in love with the idea or
like feeling like the song says email me
thank best infatuation is not love yeah
if your makeup is literally the best
feeling in the world so I'm obviously
just take a shower
think all I have left to do for this
video is do the voice over which makes
me really happy
this is 1:27 am pleased currently using
the voice of her Mike for her video so I
was thinking I should edit this vlog so
I figured I should say goodbye I love
you guys and yeah bye
