morning club I'd be good morning and
using my Christmas like because um um ah
P yeah best part of the morning is
getting my coffee
what so I'm just chilling here on the
couch just kind of having a lazy morning
and I'm so excited because I made my
coffee so yeah I think I'm actually
gonna go to the gym in like an hour
just get a chill for a little bit maybe
watch some YouTube videos so let's see
looking good yeah good okay
I'm actually like so dead right now oh I
died at the gym literally like I had to
take a break I'm so out of shape I'm not
sure if you watch my month last year but
used to be really really into the gym
like going every single day and it was
just part of my routine and stuff so
long story short Ashley night are trying
to get back into it the same way that we
were I've come to realize I'm not where
I used to be all starts somewhere
anyways I'm about to go to get my
eyebrows done and I think I'm also gonna
do a target run because there's some
like random things that I need like hair
spray and whatnot later tonight actually
have a red carpet which is so cool Mia
and I are going to a premiere for unless
a secret in their eyes and so much Julie
Roberts a Nicole Kidman that's coming
out that's exciting so we get a dress up
tonight go buck the clip it I don't know
why I mean I don't think I don't feel
like I'm special enough to do that but I
was invited so that's pretty cool okay
I'm going to go get my resin now it's
these bad boys looking good on folate
okay
currently on target and I'm getting some
goodies mostly like hair stuff that's
kind of what I really needed yeah um got
my eyebrows started so they're like
really red that's why I think what else
I need I got hair spray shampoo and
conditioner a bobby pins concealer kinda
wanted to look in the PG section not
gonna lie left okay so I found the
cutest one day ever
it's so cute I want to give other one
this one is literally so cute you guys I
want it so bad I do like a pig I feel
like it could be they're so cute I want
a onesie really bad this year
mmm oh they have like just hoodies
that's cute too I am I got the socks
spontaneous target ha let's go so the
main reason why I went was cuz I really
wanted some hair spray and some hair
stuff so I got big sexy hair hair spray
these soy try leave-in conditioner from
the healthy sexy hair seriously I used
to talk about this all the time
like this was my favorite thing a couple
years ago my videos it was literally in
every single favorites video so if you
remember that yes I got a heat
protectant from Toni & Guy and the argan
oil of Morocco um shampoo and
conditioner I really needed more shampoo
and conditioner these little like hair
clips makeup wipes some false lashes
bobby pins and a little nail file the
dream Lumi concealer I used to use this
all the time and I wanted to try any one
so I was like well I should go back to
this one so I got that got some gum and
oil blotting sheets because these are
amazing I got these really cute like
pajama shorts I thought they were
adorable so I got those I got this like
sleeping shirt slash dress and it's just
read platen it reminded me of Christmas
so I wanted to get it oh and then I got
these socks they're like slipper socks
like they're super super thick we can
put that Spidey clothing for trim and
then I got a new workout hat I've always
wanted a white one and I finally found
one it was on clearance so that's really
cool got any sports bra because trying
to get into that workout mode I think
that's all that's what I got from Target
impromptu u-haul update you can see I
pinned curled my hair so it's up and
setting I'm actually gonna head over to
Mia's right now and then finish getting
ready
there I have almost stuffs here and most
ups here let's go and finish getting
ready
whoa bye Chloe bye khlo I love you I'm a
movie I actually look so ridiculous
right now I'm gonna have um teeth
whitening strips
um so oh and I got my eyebrows in
earlier so I'm excited those are finally
like pain cuz they're really bad but
let's go
what up guys I'm not wearing the book
I'm at Mimi's and we are going to do our
makeup right now so got them here okay
doing it I cannot talk oh my god okay do
it wear makeup and I haven't bought moss
I was like it fits he'll feel like I
should blog so today we're going for a
more darker look than normal little
smokey I guess you could say I'm guy
just playing with it we'll see what what
happened
I'm a hot mess right now Timmy I knew
that their collars let's do that boom at
makeup I'm going to take out my hair and
hopefully I look decent tell me do this
p-taff I rolled hens are
yes I've officially like taken over me
and faster I move on seriously it so
much so much stuff so much makeup yeah
here's what I'm wearing here is my hair
and makeup oh that's cute
I feel like I'm playing dress-up Uber's
coming kid hi can I was like at the
Milwaukee no it's okay we could spoon to
dodge okay so you're back from the movie
premiere and it was so much fun I didn't
vlog because I knew like I don't know
like it you know but I did post things
to my snapchat so add me on snapchat
haven't yet Li da Lu one one Zulu 11 yes
um here's the outfit Chloe was so mad at
me last time I came home she's felt you
this is the premiere we were at there
was a time when we were like awkwardly
just standing behind her looked at me in
the eyes when I should call her no no
they were they were filming it won't
money were there well so I got really
got that yeah but that's where we were
we were just there that's awesome hey
guys so I just finished editing this
vlog up until now figured I'd be
productive I think I'm actually gonna
say good night because we are gonna take
it easy we're gonna get mom we are you
dying my new - ah oh when you - yeah -
oh you're just staring yeah anyways we
are going to say good night
if you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
new blog
Oh
