morning guys tastes that hair again I'm
so excited don't mind my hair I feel
like I'm more fetus than normal
anyways it is currently is currently
nine 26 Saturday November 7 hopefully
gonna be good day have a lot of editing
to do but other than that not too much
or just cozy actually got up um why look
about like seven wide-awake and then I
just like late in bed like MERP
for the last hour I've been editing and
I uploaded yesterday's vlog so that just
when a new vlog is up multi puppy love
and behind scenes I did not know what
title this so I asked you guys on
Twitter what's title it so still not
ready my gosh my is like getting worse
and worse it's like not even anything I
don't know
it is now currently dun dun dun dun dun
11 49 50 11:15 I've been sitting at my
computer this entire entire time editing
kind of facts I was really hoping to get
this video up today but I didn't realize
how much editing actually really do have
to do think I'm going to just upload
tomorrow maybe even Monday I don't know
I still have a thumbnail not tomorrow
have a lot of homework to do and then I
have a lot more editing to you I don't
know so yeah sorry about that guys
don't hate me also this is so random but
best feeling ever is when you go in the
fridge and you forget about leftovers
that you had and you're just like so
excited that totally just happened to me
here's a little sneak peek for you guys
she's making my girls take three hours
obviously experiences are like
stereotypes and they're in your language
this could be as video to be a video but
I'm in my room and I'm like a slinky and
I'm just chilling I think I'm going to
finish my salad and then just start
getting ready for my day because I feel
gross because it's noon it's lunchtime
and I haven't done anything
that's always so funny for me when I'm
editing and I look like all pretty and
done up but then like I look at myself
and I look like this
example look at that look at that look
at this yeah okay bye why am I so tired
already had coffee I'm finishing it
right now let's get this done this is
what I would like wish I was like a
Kardashian had a glam team I could just
sit there and I'd be like make me pretty
I'm gonna watch some YouTube videos
while I get ready because that's what I
do every single day anyone else do that
because I definitely do I've also been
loving halls lately so I've been
watching like every single one of my sub
box so I think techne upload one so
we're gonna watch yours panty hold odd
history okay anyway no I stayed here did
nothing edited got halfway ready so I
did like a cute pony and now it looks
like a Jane Tony
girl you look cray Ashley hard yeah and
you will see a little bit life is all
about angles I can look like this or I
can look like this they're both me ankle
they're everything for instance I try to
show my pony so don't look bald or I
just sit here like a bean okay guys can
I bet the good lighting I need a paper
play so I'm gonna vent to you because I
really need a bit I'm in that mood all I
want to do is cook the cinnamon rolls
that are in my fridge this is TMI I'm on
a period just want to eat good it's junk
food but I don't because I know
afterwards I'm just gonna stab a girl
struggle I should have included this in
a girl show like bit of a tangent this
is all we get this is how I get Ashley
is finally doing a DIY room decor is it
for holidays or winter faller i got a
cozy up your room I've been telling you
to do something like that from forever
if you finally
excited go all out get some stuff money
guys I literally feel like requiring I'm
not kidding my back hurts so bad
take something and get coffee I had
coffee already
this is edgy so edgy I know I felt it
it's a floor rug Oh Chloe I'm lucky yeah
I've never been like this in the video
you guys are probably all gonna
unsubscribe and be like oh my gosh she's
crazy
oh do you think I'm crazy maybe we could
just go look at the cinnamon rolls
thanks my neck is like all red and my
face is white like it looks like I'm
wearing a turtleneck like no I never put
blush on today or bronzer I thought
something looked weird oh my gosh that
is so not attractive having a tantrum I
just want cinnamon rolls my stomach
Christmas hey hi hey my chunky monkey
when you make me happy fun fact one of
my feet is literally half a size smaller
than the other
cause they need to know everything about
me she dropped her toy at my feet Oh
khlo cam I love you you ever wonder like
what it's like for your like pets like
point of view to see always like this
mama really that's what it looks like hi
story time I was editing for like an
hour
I would say and I came back to my
computer and everything that I did is
erased so happy right now I'm really sad
to restart doing the titles of each of
captions so I was really frustrating
another great thing to add to my day
that's okay I'll let you guys know on
Twitter that I am not uploading today
and you guys are so sweet like I first I
thought everyone's gonna be not mad like
dang I'm waiting all day kind of type of
thing ever was just like oh my gosh no
that's totally okay like take your time
and
like oh my gosh you guys are amazing
immaculee these are seriously the best I
don't care what anyone else says like I
be as are amazing also posted this
picture on snapchat you haven't added me
on snapchat what are you doing just
kidding but you really should add me I
love snapchat I'm like on it all the
time so my user name is leta Lou xi Li
da Lu one one it's actually in my
description box all the time as well as
Chloe's Instagram my bar my main channel
and like all that fun stuff you should
add me on snapchat and you can see my
story it's public if you already do
follow me let me know in the comments
I'm curious who else who else well with
me on my snapchat for my mom channel get
my hair done in 10 groups okay me too
all those things all those those little
things just get gonna race it was a
nothing okay about to upload this
Instagram here we go we go okay now wait
til I quickly look and see that oh yes
that looks Rihanna that looks real nice
Instagram be looking on Filipe go add me
go follow me
Mac baby 11 oh and I uploaded this one
yesterday I don't know if you saw it but
I uploaded it yesterday soon so yeah no
I put it this in today and question of
the day was also what's your favorite
song right now and I put mine is either
sorry from Justin Bieber or perfect One
Direction let me know in the comments of
this video what your favorite song is
right now I'm curious
oh also well you guys public saw
yesterday's vlog when I was seeing out
to history one Direction's new song
history that's really good talk to you
it's like a cruising down like by the
beach type of song I don't know I like
it but um as far as like favorites are
now sorry it's still up there and
perfect update tactus now
750 ancients mia cuz um fo we are
currently on the red spectrum and we I
really have been craving veggie girl
ever since Mia like introduced it to me
and this is the closest one to me so we
came here how she's trying it for the
first time and I'm really excited and
then we're gonna go see a movie
afternoon oh that's be fun so I got
rizal it I was going to try to try
something else but this looks so good in
the menu yeah I got the buffalo wings -
so Ashley just try to thought it
literally she's like chicken - chicken
chicken yeah same same but different so
we decided to go see double-oh-seven
Picard is really good we're doing update
you're gonna see movies but the show
trend that we wanted is sold out and the
next one we wanted it was on the front
row and then our next requested it's
like two hours away we decided to go
home we're gonna go home get a Mojave
get cozy and watch movie hard Ryan's
here hey I feel like you're never gonna
hang out with us again
sorry so we decide as much a movie at
home move turbine or a salad good Sun
down my arm looks weird we get my bitch
chica no no let's get angry I mean it's
better than crime on a scale of one to
ten how fun has this night been a lot of
guys so anyways um I'm going to end the
vlog here I hope that you liked it I
honestly kind of pro know I'm oh yeah I
had my tantrum today
sorry about hooking it in the blog right
here I love you guys so much I'll see
you tomorrow with a new vlog
yeah okay bye
