hey guys good morning afternoon it's
like eleven that's still morning I guess
technically whatever it is Friday which
means the weekend basically here which
is so exciting and as you can tell I am
home if you've watched my last two or
three vlogs I ended up saying that I am
Mia's like two nights I came home early
this morning and you today is a filming
day so that's exciting I'm hoping hoping
hoping to upload tomorrow so yeah so I
have a few more things to get done today
and then I'm hoping also to get ahead on
next week's video so it's exciting but I
was about to start getting ready and I
was like wait I should vlog because I've
logged it today and thank you guys so
much your comments have been like making
my day recently like I mean they always
do but like more so lately guys I'm
gonna start getting ready
and guess who's with me right now come
here you want pumpkin you want pumpkin
come on oh well money oh wait but really
come here come here okay no coming look
what sassy chance I have come on what
you look so big here you're not that big
missile yeah
yeah you smell Kenner's so much what I
came home is so funny so we're ready and
we're actually filming right now we
filmed another scene earlier that I
think is gonna be really funny yeah yeah
now we're just two in one more scene
should be fine I'm gonna be putting on
some false lashes it's all I'm gonna say
when you see the video you're gonna know
exactly I'm talking about
look at that setup that's a nice setup
yeah we be filming an intro I will say
any other youtubers feel me on this
daylight savings changes everything like
even though it's only an hour difference
I swear like your whole schedule it's
like just like totally turned upside
down the times you used to film don't
work anymore because the sun's different
and then the Sun setting faster and then
it's like it's just it's yeah it doesn't
but times it currently 316 but it looks
like it's like 6 o'clock right now
outside and reality's gonna be like
sunset like really soon I don't know I
guess a lot of you don't have daylight
savings I don't know is it just an
American
I know like Arizona doesn't do it I know
I think I'm pretty sure I know there's a
couple like states that are different
with it do other countries have it like
just Canada have it I don't know oh no
you don't know what that is we set our
clocks like back to get more sunlight
something something the only thing I
know about it is Benjamin Franklin
suggested it from national treasure
let's be real that's how the only
history I know about it okay anyways
let's go let's do this
quill money are you Betty but come on
Miss peanut video come here come here
yes I miss you oh come here love me
mmm small she loves hey hey sassy pika
chef her middle name should be sassy not
may clothes acne clothes ass
take a moment Wilma who is the cutest
male in the world where what works is
like inflating cooperton and obviously
it stereotypes are like stereotypes and
they're not always true
um so if you want to see more videos
like this on me oh also just found out
about this you can actually set up
notifications to where like when I
upload you get a notification on your
phone that uploaded not just in your sub
box so we are chillin filming the next
part and I'm really loving this lighting
I think it's like the best lighting I've
ever had in my channel which makes me so
happy
maybe the daylight savings is like the
key of life of Elise lighting life cuz
that's the thing will make it a thing oh
hello she's like a cat I swear she's
like jumps up here and this is like 10
do you see this as been my money love me
she's still pissed about Kenner's denied
care in the morning and it's just like
heaven
do you know how soft makeup brushes are
like dead to the world basically eating
some boom chick pot I've not had this in
a while because I had it like every day
on tour but no really though this is
like extra cup since you're bagging
copter right boom yeah Panera
we're happen there
dude I don't know anyone yet and I'm ham
it yeah and uh so I got my power kale
Mediterranean something salads no an
apple side and a turkey sandwich because
it sounded good yg can't convey a seal
on grilled cheese what'd you get
solid chicken no no I got my man who
could ask for anything more
I like your no never
there's one thing
okay so update a bit later now we
actually went to Brett's football game
because he's coach and we had fun and
it's cool honestly didn't vlog dad
though I'm sorry but if you want to say
some of it I'm going or Terrance vlog
because they've logged there now we're
at the gas station and that's exciting
but the lighting is bomb so we pick a
food vlog
uite Renee
with squad girls ready 1 2 editor mark
goes wait but the book is cool hey guys
so um just got home I'm gonna go to bed
so I love you so so so much and I'll see
you tomorrow
new bug and you up okay I love you boy
