good morning finally using my merry and
bright coffee cup I don't make them roll
excited oh we put this down good morning
guys and what happy Saturday
it is currently 8 26 a.m. and a lot of
editing to do so oh my god I look like a
fetus I wanted to make sure to start my
vlog because I have so much other things
dude if I don't start now but it's just
gonna be a sucky blah this just could be
sucky blog
luckily last night already started
editing my blog in this video that needs
to go up right now but I just have a
little bit loved to do so we're gonna do
that and then I have my main channel
video that's going up tomorrow that like
I need to get done really really quick
you guys it is vlogmas tentative done
day 15 which is crazy 10 month days - oh
my god no nine days 90 days no Christmas
look it look it ready ready
December what's today 16 16 17 18 oh
it's coming so quick oh my god oh my god
I'm actually that embarrassed that my
hair looks like this let me fix it real
quick oh you know what else I could do
Oh blessed's there now I look cool was
it him oh but good news um last night
and this morning I actually did a ton of
online shopping and shopping a little
bit last night so I'm feeling pretty
good I saw a few more things to get for
people but overall I feel I feel a lot
better now
oh yeah anyways like I said vlog is up
and I'm currently working on my main
channel video so this video is actually
gonna be up tomorrow which is the same
day that you're gonna see this vlog so I
can tell you what it is
it's last-minute Christmas shopping and
just kind of like a Survival Guide for
that it's like funny it's cute um kind
of like a haul to you because I do show
you some things that I got um so I'm
really excited for it except the way
that I want it to be edited is just a
lot of work I don't know why I do this
to myself honestly like I'm like but I
think it'll be really good so I'm really
excited so watch that after you watch
this vlog I'm hopefully should have it
up and like the afternoon is actually
probably like morning ash honestly daily
cleaning of the
I got ah is it scratch okay anyway
before anyway I'm gonna take a quick
break from editing that and get some
food cuz I haven't eaten all day so
that's good something I made a bomb
breakfast burrito we got some packages
we're gonna do a super quick unboxing
like you've never seen before you're
like huh I think what 4:00 p.m. and I'm
selling my PJs oh my god this is from
Kiehl's disney bike heels oh my god
actually never really used their product
oh my god you guys you know I am disney
obsessed that is so cute I've never
really used the Kiehl's products before
but I know they're like huge oh yeah we
just are you skin care oh oh
less something definitely opened though
facial cleanser and cream moisturizer
and lip balm
yo I know this looks like so expensive
what the frig oh my god okay you guys
not even yo little bit we go way back
like when both of our channels were so
it was small to her friends she has a
clothing line out and she sent me some
products oh my god this is like too
pretty I don't want to ruin it look how
cute this is
oh my god it says Alicia in it away yo
Loki I should save this for when I wrap
someone else's present oh my gosh so
cute this box is so cute oh my god so
cute
this is literally the softest dress I
think I've ever felt what oh my god you
guys I'm not even kidding this is so
freaking soft I feel like I look like a
hermit right now ah oh my god okay so
this is like the signature holiday oh
it's so cute right so here's the it's a
two-piece here's this skirt it's like so
cute and on the top looks like this okay
so it might be hard to top oh my god
this is so pretty
girl I am proud of you you inspire me go
for your dreams everyone yay ah my hair
I feel like I should start getting ready
for my day my hairs like disgusting oh
my battery's flashing too I should
charge that currently watching me is
vlog I love flogged mice but I feel like
this year I've honestly had such a hard
time keeping up with everyone honestly I
feel like I've just been so busy like
today I'm in my PJs all day excels
editing my video for tomorrow but it's
done which is awesome which I'm really
excited for yeah so tonight I'm pretty
sure I'm gonna go head over to Remy's
hang out with me and her for a little
bit not sure what we're gonna do but
yeah I am
have you seen edits cuz I've seen a lot
of edits lately of Revelation it makes
me very happy
it warms my heart so I got trims and
yeah we're just chillin we're just
chillin Daisy Daisy Daisy come here come
here
she smells Clos in my bag Daisy do you
smell oh my god you are so cute
so Daisy and Chloe are both the same
type of dog so they're destined to be
best friends oh that's weird if they
look down yeah but the good thing is
like it doesn't look like you're looking
at the Lynne oh really in here Oh as
much as like up here so right this
lighting though wait do I need a
thumbnail cuz I should take her now
Ram Loki I don't know if you know this
but your closet was a lot of my
irritants but inspo for my closet I was
told by Mia I not kidding I looked your
closet organ to make sure because I was
like I was crazy about the dimensions I
was like is it gonna fit like what I had
design yeah then I was like oh my god is
it gonna fit so then I had to watch your
thing over a million times to be like
okay this is just a narrow one that's a
big one that's a big one I remember
seeing her closet forever ago oh my god
anyways we're just chillin I will update
you guys and a little bit hey guys what
is up I just wanted to quickly end the
vlog it is the next day and I realized I
need to get this vlog up so I'm about to
upload it right now Sunday racing gears
for watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye very very very exciting package and
I honestly have been one on me I don't
know who you are I'm assuming this is
one of their gift sets the thing about
maybe it's just like your name gives for
every reason I'm sorry
