hey guys today's Wednesday and what's
going on today got ready and I got
dressed which took a little longer than
normal because I could not find I could
help it ghost removal and yeah I'm
actually headed over to Mia's in a
little bit I'm gonna go hang out with
her we're gonna film a scene for my
video this week and yes so that's what
I'm doin
I coulda bite to eat because gonna
hungry oh I'm also wearing my new jacket
that I got from urban go today yes yeah
yes yes oh my gosh wait bow outfit it's
kind of from urban huh jacket some urban
dresses from urban socks are from urban
and shoes are from and board strim hey
wait can see there's so much traffic on
Mimi I have I brought you Kenneth I
missed ya and we have Perez McClain and
I got my very first holiday Cobb this is
a big deal guys holiday cups are out at
Starbucks red cup no I missed this to
you
so currently in Mia's room and we are
about to film yes I'm excited should be
fun
yeah chi'lan coffees basically gone so
we post meets maced mated post mates
yeah
hose me post it's my first time trying
bed you girl I've heard about it for so
long and I'm not super super but I'm
just kidding
we're bagging behind the scenes live it
I feel like I should hold the camera
with oh my gosh this looks so amazing
this is what a kale and quinoa quinoa
power salad from veggie girl with
grilled chicken on it and this place is
completely vegan so it's actually like
toque like not real chicken but a taste
like chicken and I'm really excited
imma eat it he's getting ready do know
how to do the Grove just do some shots
and drink hot chocolate be bundled up
it's okay it's a little chilly but I
kind of like it because it reminds me of
- or but cold everywhere and they're
currently like decorating for oh that's
not good we're almost hit my trolley
that sign says winter wonderland and I
should cut up what up guys I didn't get
the light cream sweater memo
and then there's Alicia wait you're
Isaac whoa wait whoa what up update just
uh be like yeah girl you like to go yeah
it's fun
what's your favorite part about your
trip here um probably meeting you guys
oh my god all we want to do to prom I
love it yeah yeah
got some stuff from Topshop I totally
didn't even notice they have the stars
way if one would sell at least they're
like hardcore cable so we were saying
what would happen if like one of the
stars battle like we would die or even
now like imagine my reaction on camera
what
getting booked a lot so I totally just
felt sick on the couch so I'm gonna go
to bed I love you so much and I'll see
you guys tomorrow and Japanese
