good morning guys it's Tuesday and I
edited and uploaded my blog so that's up
right now you guys should go watch it
well obviously it's up before you see
this so it's not like go watch now cuz
it's up right now but it's like it's up
so you should watch some of us like ah
anyways I'm about to you it gets ready
so let's do that please do not mind my
messy room slash let's do it well this
is really low
I need like a cherry Julie just stand is
that bad first step
moisturizer I wasn't planning on talking
through this I was planning on just like
fast-forwarding clip primer so our
foundation looks good hold a stick of
coffee because it's needed we need to be
I'm like you can't see it oh let's see
it no it needs to be taller
nah I'm trying to make like my own
tripod there we go okay
what is new guys oh my gosh do you like
stuff like this look do you like me
doing my makeup and like talking or do
you just want to be like fast forwarded
I don't know let me know if you don't
like it we don't have to get it I just
know some people make probably today's a
filming day we were gonna be filming
literally all day Ashley doesn't have
class I don't have any plan so usually
Tuesdays are like our filming days and
this week I'm actually gonna trying to
get ahead and film two videos because I
don't know I'm like I'm pumped we got
this I can do it upload two videos but
at least like get ahead of schedule so
like next week's video will be mostly
done by like this week maybe I need a
new concealer and if you know a really
good concealer other than the age rewind
from Maybelline let me know smile
under-eye circles are getting it pretty
bad and I like this but I've used it for
like I don't know two years or something
so I'm just gonna try something new this
is still I felt like liking this
lighting
foundation covergirl three and one it's
been my favorite for such a long time I
always go back and forth between this in
the Mac Studio Fix they're both amazing
but like the covergirl ones just so much
cheaper powder
wait this is way better lighting in the
corner and I think it's because it's
like whoa no way actually I do think
this is better lighting okay what's next
we're on it NARS Laguna bronzer although
I kind of like the hoola bronzer better
but we're just gonna go have fun get
that contour doe make my forehead look
less big a little blush now we gotta
blend that like we're getting ready
together this is so nice
I really need a new system for my makeup
i sir it's like okay do you guys wanna
do one of my biggest tips ever and this
is really simple but I swear to make
your eyeshadow look like completely
blended all you have to do is take a
matte eyeshadow like this like a nude
color matte eyeshadow and put that on
first before you put on like all your
eyeshadow it's where like it makes it
look so like just professional and very
like blended and smooth I'm just amazing
so I totally recommend that I've been
doing it for so long that's not like
brand new but I swear by it so you guys
should try it it's amazing I must fill
my brows well I think about it so I need
an actual mirror for this Oh fun fact
Neutrogena sent this me like forever ago
so they had like my me at Nick baby I
didn't it personally you personalize it
I came out with my shadow is done I
figured I would just like do that myself
now we did some eyeliner because ya need
some eyeliner I currently here actually
blogging in the other room which is
really funny actually I love you if you
guys aren't watching her vlogs then you
definitely should be because her vlogs
are awesome and she's messed up too so
you should go support her the huge
coffee cup and you guys know I didn't
coffee every morning so this is gonna be
like my tea like go to coffee cup in the
morning
I'm so excited to you this so adorable
thank you
I was bugging you by yourself oh my gosh
you guys christmas is here BAM
makeups done I'm Amsterdam time to wear
some false lashes so figure we're doing
lots of filming today so this will go
all out okay so now gone to her and a
subscriber gave Chloe a new leash and a
matching collar so that's the leash that
I showed you guys yesterday this is the
collar so I was gonna switch it over but
then another subscriber I'm pretty sure
they're different people gave me this
necklace
and I thought I was so so cute they gave
me an adorable necklace with this little
charm on it I really wanted to put the
charm on her license and we put all of
it on her new collar no chemicals come
here hey no come even come back Oh were
you playing with our toy come here
I need your collar I need your collar
because then I can switch it and you can
get a new one you can't even see it but
we got our new collar on guys I got
another package this is actually the
last package that I was waiting to come
in actually just kidding I have another
one huh I was so excited I've been
waiting for this for such a long time
okay wait I'm bursting okay I've been
doing so many holistically my hair is
like first think of it in here I have
been wanting for so long it's actually
one of the UM Polaroid cases when I was
on see where I was carrying it with me
everywhere but it was so annoying
because it's so big and I really wish I
had one of the like crossbody pieces for
it look I'm so far from you guys okay so
I got this as you can see it let's take
it out to the bus oh yeah then you can
take your Polaroid and
tonight oh my gosh you guys it's so cute
shut up
actually ordered another book I have
been so like in love with traveling
lately I really want to go back to the
Europe I want to go to Greece I want to
go to Australia and Ashley they are
talking about going to Iceland next time
we're like in Europe and I don't know we
just been about travelling so much
lately oh my gosh you guys does that not
look amazing
uh-huh last but not least I got this
jacket which I am goats I saw this on
the website and I had never seen it in
some urban outfitter stores bomber
jacket and it's this light pink flash
like peach colored I'm gonna try it on
for you because that makes it more
interesting
hey I'm wearing like the worst shirt you
have under this right now this okay I
really like it and it's like satiny I'm
no if you guys can tell there's buckets
and I I'm gonna wear this like all fall
in my turn and yeah okay sorry if these
like opening packages are getting a toy
from the past like three vlogs but I
don't know I just I like opening
packages because it's so exciting I
don't even care like what's in it I just
like opening packages seriously like
when the mailman comes and there's a box
on the floor when you open the door it's
just like the best feeling ever
and I love it and yeah anyone agree with
me it's amazing okay si time without
start filming soon I just cleaned my
entire closet I was really proud of it
and I was like yo I think I should do a
closet - were / just like show you guys
because I'm really proud of it
and um yes another huge pile of giveaway
stuff and cuz of that's my closet it
like actually looks like a closet now
not just like I don't even know what I'm
also trying out this sweater for the
first time it's really cute I like think
I'm gonna take an Instagram today except
it's kind of really a cheap I did not
expect it to be this edgy so I'm
probably gonna change soon okay are you
ready to see the closet that I clean I'm
so excited guys currently I'm in my
bathroom and when you walk in this is
what you see and I'm so excited I think
I got rid of like 15 pairs of shoes
eight purses for backpacks
huge sings of clothes and I think
there's still some more so if I can get
it I was not gonna lie it kind of became
just like really fun like finding things
to get rid of walk in there's my
suitcase and then I have all of my shoes
and I organized them I've already tried
to so then it starts here with tank tops
into short sleeves cropped tops to
pieces
Ashley's knocking at the door oh hey I
helped you I hope you Oh actually just
got back from Target let's put this up
here and I see Christmas oh my gosh made
some unbelievably healthy mac and cheese
for lunch because um yes
well Ashley here is being unbelievably
healthy with zucchini and chicken hey
wait we switched fun I never sit here
you always say here I saw here cuz you
were sitting there up yo even though
it's not winter I don't care ok so I'm
so sorry I didn't show you guys any like
behind the scenes filming today but
honestly like the Sun was going down so
we were trying as fast as we can to film
as much as we could but we have some
Christmas stuff up honestly my video
this week isn't even Christmas related
whatsoever but I was like we should
decorate early don't get me wrong I
think the idea of Thanksgiving is
amazing and Thanksgiving itself is
amazing and we should be very thankful
for everything we have
I am thankful for everything I have
however the holiday itself not a huge
fan of I don't like Thanksgiving food
which is like one of the biggest parts
of Thanksgiving I don't know I just it's
not my favorite holiday the holiday
itself just in general I'm just not a
huge like Thanksgiving person I like
fall but winter is so much more fun for
me Christmas is just like my like
favorite holiday ever of life forever
will be so I'm one of those people who
like the day after Halloween it's like
Christmas in my head so yeah we we
decorated early yeah and there's my new
book that I got today hmm
also this is a very big deal I'm finally
upgrading at my phone with the new
update with all the like new emojis and
everything so I finally sucked it up and
was like Alicia just do it so I'm
currently sitting down and editing all
the footage that we did today I have a
lot of ideas for this week's video and
if they go right everything happens that
I wanted to I think it's gonna be really
good and I think you guys are really
gonna like it
not sure which day I'm gonna be able to
upload I'm gonna try for Saturday and if
that doesn't work that'll probably be
some day Oh Karen's coming over I think
that'll be fun oh honey are you sad are
you pouting
hey Karen's coming over Oh
taewin aunty talents coming over you
sign up in here I do so excited bit you
don't look excited
oh snap look what heroine bra not much a
peanut butter cup wait are they like
Coach does it couldn't you know at the
gallery
oh let's not look at that we have been
looking at pictures on my computer for a
long time I just like randomly happen
and we came across baby pictures it's
like knowing that her personality was
there her little sassiness is there yeah
she's like what are you doing get me
down you're not my mom
I guess you're my mom back to school
morning routine last year okay so I just
made some dinner and I know you guys
always like to know what I cook when I
cook at home so figured I would show you
what I made and this is actually one of
my favorite meals ever I haven't made it
in forever
fun fact I
loves spaghetti I love pasta it's like
amazing I've just one of my favorite
things ever
Tom when you're trying to eat healthy
like pasta is not the best option at
least like just straight-up like pasta
so basically this is spaghetti but
instead of noodles it's spinach like
sauteed spinach which is so good and
like I used to hate spinach so some of
you are like oh but like it's so good
and then we have these like turkey
burger patty things that's just like
straight turkey that I ground it up made
it like meatballs kind of mixed that
with it and then put onions at garlic
powder and spaghetti sauce on it so it's
kind of like we got to eat without the
noodles just spin it it's so good and
I'm so excited right now
you guys I'm so happy right now so I
decided to start editing my vlog for
today currently the one that you were
watching because it's so early it's only
9:45 but it feels like it's like
midnight to me so I'm like okay I should
probably get some work done so I'm gonna
do Upton up oh my gosh she can't talk so
that's what I'm gonna do now and yeah
should be fun editing for the most part
vlogs up until this point yes I'm gonna
end this vlog because I it's very long
this is like already a 14 minute vlog
which my folks I usually never the song
I just like walked so much today we just
um which is cool yeah and can't we talk
about that instant replay though I never
like edit stuff like that but it was so
funny editing and I felt like it didn't
do justice if I just left it in so I had
to like do that so you guys could see
how funny that was let me know if you
liked that I thought it was funny I love
you guys so so so so much and I will see
you guys tomorrow with new vlog and yeah
okay bye
