hey guys good morning well good
afternoon we lost another hour we're
currently in Michigan Detroit and it is
11:30
is it it's 12:30 it's chopped oh that's
not in that clocks wrong
it's 130 130 I've been up for a couple
hours I've been doing some homework and
editing Ava's here and Mia is here and
seer Izzie
hi I'm editing are nothing to wish of
editing personal ween
can we get a sneak peek yeah oh my gosh
you look so cute
am i pegacorn okay good thank you
guess I opened the marshmallow madness
oh yeah I have you last night again I
really hide in my milk was time oh I did
deliver oh it's really good though I'm
excited I met the girl that gave that to
us
shut up out there last night yeah oh my
gosh hey hey yes thank you to whoever
give us emotional about this marshmallow
madness basically this is like Lucky
Charms but just the marshmallows and you
guys know I'm obsessed with Lucky Charms
oh yeah can we just compare my bowl were
the meanest bull what does the Fox say
practicing working on some homework and
eating my marshmallow yeah what we do we
wake up we eat and we edit lucky try
this is more squishy we've left it in
the milk for ten hours no money then
you're currently getting ready finish
eye makeup and a van I are literally
having a dizzy slash Broadway like sing
along no party at you wish will come
chu you want a better song yes now we
see like you're truly to be myself I
would break my family's oh girl I see
and even in your case though it's the
toughest case I've yet to face popular
oh you're gonna be popular young women
sick of swimmin ready ok so everyone's
getting ready still so Ava and Donna and
I decided to come take some fun pictures
because we're done early and why not
hashtag ain't gotta get that Instagram
how did you even enjoy your now let's uh
let's scope out our spot see what we're
working with here
apparently on a railroad track try to
take pictures and it's a working room
I'm glued on dad
are you cold I actually have a bad but
this is a really warm jacket that's like
a
you guys want to say hi to Alicia's vlog
we are currently about to have our
meetup we just had our sound check and
we're gonna have a meet-up 250 of you I
believe all right it's like an hour
hey we're best ever meet up on stage
today which is tonight
say hi to Alicia's blog hi vlog how are
you today
we don't
ah so while we're on stage Madison
handed me this adorable notebook Thank
You Madison I loved it so much it
seriously so cute I'm going to use it so
we all just got a doodle bag and we are
so excited to open it let's see what we
got
oh my gosh oh my gosh we got more butl
bags I kind of added everything into
these bags thank you guys so much for
giving them to us like seriously you're
so set on the bus there's like all these
essentials and all of our favorite
snacks you guys know me so well
