peanut and be good at cam high taking
over right now she's talking on the
phone cat can hike I can thank you Thank
You cat this is a cat canticle hello
gonna play with us thank you
I was thinking over for a minute hey
guys
so how are you doing yeah today's was
today Thursday today is Thursday and I'm
quickly with do so much I think I saw
I'm she came over this morning and I was
like wait I'm not doing anything today
you're not doing anything today let's
have a girls day sadly Ashley has class
all day hey Mary you are come come home
come on the Disneyland um so guys low
key going to Disneyland I was there last
night and I'm going side of it
ballet it's just fun to go to the
magical
and I've nothing else to do so I think
it's we're going on yes
captioning her past and I've never been
to do it with you it's so much more
magical with me absolutely it is
currently 255 and congratulations to
Alisha daisies because you're oh and
Paige
Graham because you're on my side right
now right now we're actually at the
Anaheim packing district I don't know if
any of you guys know this place is one
of the coolest places ever I love it my
favorite places and like Anaheim / Moore
County cat totally told us about it and
it's like 50 cute like last year I feel
like that I first met you the other
three we are that's what we're doing
we're waiting for our food right now we
got a crate and a sandwich should be on
the edge of the MA yeah and then we're
gonna go to Disneyland and have magical
night we got a bomb panini and a crepe
and it's pretty good we're together
sharing because we both really want to
go so yeah so yeah we are at pop bar
so excited this place is so cute it's
actually adorable and this is basically
the best popsicles you'll ever have in
your life
got our popsicles and you guys not even
gonna lie I got to Instagram one
and then I can actually eat one be
honest it doesn't really match my
Instagram feed you know a meal it more
color it looks it's not so cute and
pretty
pina colada wait you know it would be
cute to hold it like like sit in front
of me we're gonna do two remaining malar
glamour he doesn't mean oh my god below
I just AM oh it tastes like coconut pops
more and chocolate like Paul my favorite
boy seriously the cutest ever feel like
chemistry
a meeting I'm happy like meeting a good
day
guess where we are busy day job you just
your yesterday again so many people when
we're able so think we really want to be
done because last night but it gets cool
is not lucky
lately I've been getting with and even a
lot there but I've been adding caramel
in it all great but I've been adding
caramel in it and it's really bad it's
like the mix of a caramel macchiato so
then if you're try it
we can try yours without using my thing
all day so we're on the quest for a
yellow wall because they seem to be
perfect from Instagram right now I only
got cream one and I was like it's yellow
fish baby yellow
it's like Haley always potential bay it
Shelby :
that's behind the scenes for you yes
Matt I think we got a rat what what he
says
all right don't did mean I do that puts
the photo crabs get half it's so pretty
we are
it's scary but Yossi are checking my
hair is Alba my baby we got chip
a little chip poodle so the park closed
early tonight because for like Halloween
they always do like Halloween party
thing where you have to like buy
separate tickets for that we're gonna go
home go see khlomoney
eat a Chipotle maybe watch some TV and
yeah
Green Queens game clean down number one
should all number two number three is it
too late now this is more than just your
body too late Nancy sorry
Felipe sorry now so today is Friday it's
Friday
that's exciting we are currently filming
and I was not safe or not good morning
kind of a productive morning honestly
the only productive thing was that we
went to the gym and after that I came
back and the deafening for like two
hours
well how many ways we were about to film
and then we have some errands to do
today and we're gonna get some lunch
it's gonna be a fun day I'm excited are
you excited - very well I'm excited - I
only have a few more clips to film for
this week's video which I'm excited that
I'm like ahead of schedule which makes
me a very excited so we're gonna film is
right now so let's do it
I mean I'm sure the movie isn't even
like no no my gosh knows it's totally
fine oh I'm sure the movie is new like
not good yeah oh well we'll have fun
okay bye
literally recording for 11 minutes
that's awesome
here's my outfit of the day if you were
wondering tops from airman scares from
urban socks are from Free People
and shoes are from Nordstrom thanks and
if you guys on my Instagram not too long
ago I definitely splurged when I went to
New York and this is the purse that I
bought and it's like my baby and I don't
want it to get ruined and I'm just like
yeah so I definitely splurged it I love
it
ah and I think it's cute and you about
to post an Instagram but one that I took
yesterday at Disneyland and I'm so
excited because it's one of my favorites
and I think it's gonna make my feet look
on point so we oh no way to Cheesecake
Factory
I'm so excited guys I one have been
craving this I had it one time on tour I
forgot I was blogging that day um and it
was amazing cheesecake is like mine and
Ashley's like I am it is our favorite
restaurants I would say one of them
definitely them it posted go like it go
like it go like it go like it or follow
me on Instagram if you're not already
because um you should definitely be for
oh my gosh my feet it looks like so good
yeah go follow me on Instagram if you're
not already mac to be living
I told everyone to tag their best friend
I tagged you mine is my sister food is
here we got our edamame and we kale and
quinoa salad because that's what I get
every time I come here isn't it extra
good today cuz we haven't been here
together and forever I suppose with
manga huh this stuff is so yeah I will
completely
and Ashley is you can print outfit I'm
going to try to be good enough by two
months I'm really all that and then she
buy what I'm really trying they're
hitting it ready for the Christmas tree
I'm getting it ready and it goes fearful
being really thick there's bigotry
Update I'm shopping with the shoe
section and I just ki we're just chillin
we're basically BFFs now we're just
hanging out and have a good day yeah
yeah guess we are it's brewing up go
into the phase place yet the face
picking up a story just yes sir be
sipping on a cocky cocky go get their
sake and go Boop guys I'm switching it
up and I'm getting a green tea bra real
real cocky today the sound sarcastic
I'm so tired okay just have coffee
because I've had it a lot recently and I
was like yep teeth
ah the good right it looks like I have a
super short hair oh my gosh I mean I'd
pick you as your heir sings whistle but
no it looks security how many nights is
unticked campus starts at the time it
would take to fix
yeah yeah never okay
oh okay here's so much for watching that
video I hope you liked it and also hope
you liked it hopefully khloe's whining
because she lost her toys over in her
house
look she's not even she's trying not to
even look at me
oh one second babe what oh you have a
toy right here and I really hope that
you liked that video and you could
hopefully relate to some of those is
that all I don't know um her I'm also
currently filming a behind the scenes of
this video so if you want to see it
scoop check out my second channel which
I'll have a link in the downbar enjoy
the view
hey what up guys okay update talking
parent here okay so there's like this
red side right here my face puffy is
that I'm sorry but we're at mommy burger
attack never been here I know like
everyone's been here me I'm not been
here one or not everyone over here but a
lot of people have been here there's a
young high packing district and get a
pop bar spread across
and I was again today and I'm really
excited to go back so people really well
just so my guy contact that's the key
don't make eye contact
okay I'm super excited that like famous
you and I got eat collie burger if
you're wondering dude this looks amazing
the fries are so bomber they're like
almost gone already
yay back here
so you make your pasta and then you put
the toppings on
yeah
so excited oh my gosh it looks amazing
so thoughts so good in this oval amazing
whether you knew hahaha
terrans leaving me everything yeah
everyone go watch your vlog because we
think Disney songs
