good morning guys so it is currently
almost 10:00 oh my gosh 853 so I saw my
computer that was 8:30 but I thought it
was an hour behind still anyway so I'm
currently up and I'm editing a vlog come
on as editing I was like I should vlog
because I want to walk more because I
haven't been vlogging too much on the
strip I feel really bad and I just
ordered some room service for me and I
so this looks amazing so I got some
wheat toast on the side got some oatmeal
and that looks really good and most
importantly I got some coffee because I
need coffee right now okay so we are
semi ready as you can tell yeah today is
actually a very exciting day for us
because we are currently in Minneapolis
and we're actually getting on our tour
bus for the first time sure we'll be
sick of it by the end of this whole trip
but we're kind of excited to go on it
and get our bunks and get all situated
and stuff so this is our last hotel stay
for a while after that we are in the bus
so yeah that's exciting so I'll give you
guys a bus tour and everything
do not worry do that when we get down
there but yes go Walden I go I guess
here we go we go here we go here we go
here I can deal with it you guys this is
my bunk is the window so these are bunks
if I can walk here's my bunk here's me
you look like you was occurring in
nightgown from like 1800 let me a window
guys do you like it please supplies
she's happy so we're going to boot and
tweeted before the show
whoo so we are currently at Hell's
Kitchen we're getting some food and I
got some huevos rancheros which look
bomb Mia what'd you get
we're gonna loop here's our venue for
today
dressing is gonna say
so we rent out our meat I have 100 n
we're gonna knock them dicks
way to Alicia Alicia will be so much
thank you so much for following me on
Twitter
tell me what go hi Alicia's vlog it's me
dan Rosen your favorite fishes vlog Wow
this is chief girls
so we're just supposed to go skate and
he finished a left some stage is
actually right there but you can't see
you and we're getting ready to go get
Mike so we can do this
we got there
you
I'm literally about to meet Ali Shawn
right now so obviously we're done with
the show and we are up into our pajamas
and we are getting ready to go on bus
soon I'm also trying to pack my little
suitcase
and it it won't fit but it fit here
don't know what's going on around bust
and I figured while a lot of us aren't
here I would give you guys more of a in
detail bus tour because there's not like
20 people in the way let's go and you
walk in this is what you see and we're
all kind of fetus oh don't mind us a
fairness is showing with the peanuts we
have a TV over here and like this little
lounge living room section I guess you
can say the kitchen a nice lovely cloth
he what you doing Morgan she's
organizing cuz we just got some
groceries and everything's just all over
the place let's keep going over here we
have a bathroom so here's the bathroom
and shower down here we have a jamboree
yeah and this is where we sleep out of
your way
no you're so fine there's like not much
room to walk so we have some bunks right
here there's three then there's two here
you have more bunks this one is Mia's as
you saw and this one is mine there's
Walden and here's some stuff from the
show tonight we still have like boxes
and boxes of presents and stuff to go
through so this is all I have for now
but there's so much more and I'm so
excited to go here at all as you can see
there's a boom chicka and I'm so excited
about that we have another lounge
section back here past the bunks and my
guess is this is where I'm going to be
sitting editing and doing all of that
specifically that chair because that
chair is actually really really comfy
that is our lovely tour bus so that you
rest and I hope you guys like it we're
gonna be living here for the next month
27 days so it's gonna be very
interesting
