morning guys so say is the day that we
go home from the - I'm not gonna lie I'm
kind of excited so like if I didn't get
sick I could have like kept going like a
few more weeks so this tour but honestly
ever since I got sick I'm just like I
want my bed I want home I just want to
like chill there like I'm tired of hotel
rooms a part of the buzz but it's
definitely like mixed feelings like last
night after the show was like that was
the last show it was kind of sad not
gonna lie
I'm just packing up right now and headed
down to the lobby to meet everyone and
hopefully get some food kind of decided
to go full foetus today so don't mind
that no makeup my hair is just just
chillin yes rockin my girls night in
sweat shirt what's going on and we're
gonna go to the airport and I get to see
Ashley Chloe
here's all my luggage that I've had it
feels like forever ago that my suitcase
broke remember and I had to buy a new
one oh my gosh
goodbye room you were a pretty cool room
not gonna lie oh my gosh it has been
storming like all night was like thunder
and lightning and is crazy if you didn't
see my last vlog we're currently in
Dallas Texas and then we're just gonna
fly home back to California and I'm not
gonna lie it's really hard trying to
carry three suitcases with Joann oh I
didn't yesterday somehow it was like
perfect I don't know
an English professor
Remini vlog
man wait you're like going the same
speed of us
here we go please
I see you snapchat we have to go bed
so after that are currently out sugar
fish we are parking I'm so excited I
have a craving sushi for the longest
time I've been craving sugar fish sushi
for even longer to get some food I'm
starving
I said berries did some stiff
and it's like so
with Maisie there's a maze oh cool so
now we're going to head home and hey hey
you know where take me sit I miss you
mama Lida you want to see mama Lida
though Oh your mom Anita's home mama
Lita
hey guys so um it's my first day back
home I'm so excited I'm honestly not
sure if I'm gonna include this part of
all Jays vlog with yesterday's vlog
because I forgot to end it last night
day I just I'm just so excited for today
because I'm just gonna chill basking my
nails done because they are so so bad
I'm gonna upload later for my main
channel cuz it's been forever which is
really excited about and then I think we
were hanging out with Taryn later
tonight and I'm just excited for like a
Saturday of just like chillin and stuff
like hello money I missed you we snugged
last night
so we got a little early to my nails my
mess we decided to stop by and it's like
a really cute coffee shop sorting stuff
so got that cheated on books guys it's a
big deal
honestly it's good but it's not like
good you know case is kind of gross but
here's my before of my nails do you see
do you see how bad that is
oh I need to feel so bad actually the
after after yeah first super duper super
cute little shop like around the corner
but I've been wanting to go to for a
really long time I told leash about it
we just drove past it and we agreed that
it's cute and we're gonna go oh yeah
nails are done wait for it oh I'm so
excited and my toes look amazing I got a
pedicure lighting feels like a really
good right here this white wall in front
of us oh just get anyways Ashley and I
are getting ramen right now because I am
starving get some fish
and it looked at me
so excited right now forever and it's
amazing like
it felt so weird vlogging here I don't
know why I was way better lighting so
it's a little later now we've been home
for a while and I've just been editing
and I was about to do my voice over and
I was like no far too my voice over I
need to update you guys it's been a
while close here we're just chillin hook
no huh lunch was good lunch was really
good and we actually went to this like
really cute little stationery store
afterwards and I found some cute little
like posters so I bought those I think
I'm gonna put them above my desk like
over there I'm gonna be there oh look
who's there
oh there's a lay reactional high club do
you want to be the center of attention
look at this yeah even though this
dancer she always sits there you're like
a kitty cat
oh yeah anyways I'm gonna do my
voiceover and let's hope I can get it
done really fast
I'd love to upload really soon huh okay
alright okay
let's start it and then yeah I feel like
I'm talking funny I'm just like sick
definitely a nerd I don't know is given
half I mean isn't I never make any sense
I never make any sense
who are you ashley snapchat it no I'm
short
um the B first last minute Halloween
costume idea is a nerd and I've actually
done this probably like three years
so Ashley and I made a McDonald's run so
if you want to see all of that footage
go check out her vlog because that was
that was funny
really she got weird haha literally
we've logged it off any first bite I'll
show you I'll show you where is usually
I just take a bite first bite all of all
we grew up on this
this is our childhood Wednesday morning
from every Wednesday morning to again
what up guys so it's like I just oh I'm
so really um no I literally just watched
like four or five episodes of scandal
alright but I love you yeah I figured I
should end this vlog so that way I can
edit it and have it ready to go up in
the morning yeah I'm actually gonna be
uploading my main channel video tomorrow
morning because it got really late it's
already midnight like it's kind of like
to upload day that you're watching this
so basically when you're done watching
this get excited cause she'll see a new
video and like um I don't know later Jay
but yeah anyways I love you guys so so
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog okay hey
