good morning okay so today is actually
the last day we were on the bus tonight
we have a hotel band tomorrow we fly
back home which is so weird it would buy
so fast so I figured I'd walk through
yesterday so just let's give you guys a
quick update because I'm sure you're all
like what is going on so if you didn't
notice I was gone from this channel for
like over a week as well as my main
channel for a while obviously respond to
her but I got really really really sick
I got like a really bad case of strep
throat which I've had before but this
was like the worst I feel like I've ever
had in my life long story short I went
to two urgent cares two times to the
emergency room it was it was really bad
it was not fun and because of it I
actually had to miss three of our shows
it was it was that was pretty contagious
I'm still like getting over it but it's
definitely like the end of it you could
talk soap like kind of congested but
yeah thank you guys so much for all of
your get well wishes and everything like
you don't even understand like you guys
are so amazing it's sweet and like you
just understood and because you're
awesome I also have a lot of footage up
until now so I just never uploaded so I
think I'm going to either put that in
right now before
when she said it
I'm going to order
here it perfectly on the number seven
you're going to Shake Shack because I
didn't get in New York and I'm really
excited and it's Mia and John Murray and
I who has a fan page now and we went
some viewers at the Capitol so shout out
if I met you
Chloe - smoker
so V capital is really cool things jams
setting that up because you're awesome
are waiting for your pants I got the
cheeseburger fries in a little shake
I like cookie so we got a cheeseburger
fries a lot of ketchup because I have an
obsession with ketchup and a vanilla
shake
and a water and I'm so excited it gave
me a got that hot dog
how is it I'm in our time ever yes good
morning is currently or something in the
morning and today is a really busy day
coming R Spec voice my voice is gone
last night we had a show and we ended up
going to bed around 2 so we have to go
to New York City this morning and you'll
get ready cuz it interviews all for
Nellie all day today so long story short
we had to stop here because our tour bus
couldn't go
and we have to get boobers to the city
either we're gonna like sleep for two
more hours at a hotel then get up and
start getting ready for the day and it's
figured I should document this
Kennon not your normal morning
everyone's getting bad we have to pack
and finish packing
we have to get all of our bags out of
the bus we're here morning it's an early
way too early they need coffee hoarsely
really hogs to drive to the city it's
like literally
shut up Ivan not too much traffic
we're in the lobby of the word New York
and I'm tired and we're going back just
like so we need as much sleep as
possible stuff that's just so comfy oh
dang mmm fourth attempt awaking Alicia
up her nose morning oh that's actually
like a very beautiful sight for like a
little over an hour so we have to be
ready then we're gonna go do our
interviews you have one with AOL and
Chimbote so that's two bees honey
you're at me Ayla we're all going sure
do it for the vlog to put fluff doo da
doo doo doo doo to you I need coffee
because as you guys know this awesome
horrible I'm so sorry y'all when you see
the base place and you want it I said
currently at team bug so I'm here with
Andy and Meredith hello hi
we are currently kind of touching up
because we have an interview of Teen
Vogue and it's like like video like we
have to look good songs audio no Chuck
man I know how much I love chairs like
this I always feel so like fantasy me
when I'm in these I think I'm a director
in a movie right
ha ha ha ha ha got some nice lighting
being on the Internet perfect hi I'm
saying I'm pretty one day like you know
some people may say I'm just really ugly
and I can't define myself off of other
people's opinions and the only opinions
that matter are myself you know they're
like maybe because if you don't but yes
we're gonna go to city and hopefully
just do some maybe some shopping some
food take some pictures so yeah like
that let's go ahead and start this
amazing awesome day hopefully with some
coffee first because I haven't had
breakfast and I'm really hungry and I
need galbi really bad okay
we are happy for a dog cafe funny I've
actually been here before with Katy
allocating your watches so hungry we
ordered way too much news and like the
reason I eat food yes I got chicken
tender so excited for this okay so we
just ate and oh I didn't show my food
I'm sorry now we got you some pictures
because I bought my polaroid and I
really wanted to keep pictures so we
took like six pictures yes these two the
only ones that know it's like when you
see really wasn't turned out this one
was super cute and then what a Fiera
look at this oh yeah ah we're kind of
like closet hold your ways everyone hold
it it's really hard and like taking
children
my nerves right now
I'm already reading
we are currently had a two-top show oh
and there's traffic and it's raining
we're in Top Shop
Shami fini shopping
so many be
traffic jam
Alisha's phone is going to die
we need
I'm tired and I want coffee columns so
Chonan Starbucks waiting to drink and my
court is not working for iPhone so
instead but I have like a pourable
battery that's charged and it's not
working
I tried there slightly I'm totally
hoping to get the last month and not
like what Marvin back
so we are back at the hotel and I was
just trying on some of the things that I
bought today first off this beanie I got
it from Topshop and it is seriously so
cute and I love it and it's light pink
if you can't tell I also got this white
vest um
type dealio which i think is really cool
and then I got this top and that was all
I just got this like light peach I'm
currently getting ready for our show and
I am so sick I don't build it whatsoever
I just finished getting ready with hair
and makeup and stuff and then I'm going
to change and I think we have our Meetup
shoot yeah we ever see I'll check in
like three minutes this isn't my blog we
go but I like I like school yeah I like
school
oh and I'm gonna pick out home
futures
yes and our last day the bus we're all
passing you up getting our stuff out of
here and one more show today and then we
go home tomorrow I'm so excited
are you excited Thank You King well yeah
that's my son
it is he Ashleigh 3 say goodbye to our
bus it's actually kind of saddle a
little it'll be here tonight um so it's
kind of sad it was our last night
sleeping here I just need a bowl look
sharp let's go get that yes
so excited I like really missed vlogging
- not gonna lie so Jays well he's
probably gonna be all fun right now
we're actually headed to our hotel
because we're staying at a hotel tonight
and we're going to like drop off all our
luggage and come back here to the video
get ready for the entire show our last
show oh my gosh oh my gosh that's so
weird I like I don't know pakya empty
so we're currently in the hotel room
I've actually been here for a while just
kind of kind of getting ready my hair is
curled and ups in a bun that was about
to start my makeup we're really craving
sushi John Barry and I so we're probably
gonna hopefully get some before we have
to go to the venue so I mean I'd like to
try my hardest to make up so fast right
now because I'm hungry and that sounds
so amazing also can we talk about this
hotel room it seriously so cool like a
loft style and the lighting is amazing
I'm like in front of window there's not
a huge one over there I'm just so happy
I wish my apartment was like this but
it's not so cool don't mind all my stuff
ah what ha ha ha
look I want to stand on there you pull
right at me
what are you trying to stand on there
okay do it what do I know what if we die
yeah
makeups on I feel like a whole new
person it's been a while I mean
yesterday I did my makeup for the show
but into my hair and like it's the first
time but I feel pretty in a really long
time
oh man anyways I'm craving sushi and no
sushi place is open right now because
it's like two almost three yeah that's
what I really want to get my hair done
when I get back I don't know I think I
want it lighter I'm like more layers
when we took some pictures I have a
million to choose from but at school
look at it so cute
we're getting ready you're excited I'm
excited but like sad and like I don't
know I know I know
we should make my name speak tonight
like epic like Oh full energy yeah and
when you talk like a girls night in
reunions
oh there we go
hey guys so just editing this vlog and I
figure - it did it's a good night so
that's sort of gonna do curly like a
huge thunderstorm going on outside it's
kind of crazy let me gauge which I'll
see you tomorrow with my travel hood
hope I can't travel Hobe vlogs if you're
going home tomorrow so I'm gonna be
Airport whatnot but yeah I love you guys
so much and I'll see you in the next
vlog bye
