hey guys so how are you what is Gil is
about 5 p.m. and I feel really bad that
didn't walk too much today but honestly
not too much happened except the fact
that we are not on the bus obviously
we're in a hotel today which is exciting
we are in Baltimore but I I really want
to sing good morning Baltimore from
hairspray because I feel like it's very
appropriate and yes um anyways we are
ready and we want to explore the city
because it's so pretty even though it's
kind of like later in the day we're
gonna go to the like harbor area which
sounded really cute and I'm hoping to
buy a beanie because my hair is not
having it today should have probably
washed it this morning but I did it did
a little editing today and I'm super
super hungry because I haven't really
eaten jack so yes see what's the day
brings us well we decide the adventurous
and walk down to the harbor it's kind of
like a 15 minute walk the little bar
but not too bad so we're gonna
what's down there hopefully get some
food because I am starving and maybe
some shopping and stuff Amanda and we
got some laundry doesn't stop oh yay
I p.m. good evening urban outfitter now
so you're shopping and urban found some
stuff down some stuff I'm definitely in
a shopping mood which is so bad I just
been shopping the other day oh that's
fine some song oh my gosh these ones are
cute like purple um yes to those so I
kind of have a lot of it we're trying to
decide what I really want what I don't
want
definitely the jean jacket skirt the
maybe because I have stuff like it but
it's super cute the dress between the
dresses skirt which you like better
I feel like a dress
this great yeah like with this oh
that's so true
here's the Reg I just look on that I've
gone this part again that is so soft and
I love it so much got stopped some urban
muskie I got a jacket I basically got
everything I should be from yet and
Meredith are paying right now and I
think we're gonna get the center because
we are all so great like not eating at
all so this area is really cute like
shirts of Harbor that's like all these
shops and stuff yeah ah so pretty
Ripley's Believe It or Not let's find
some food a little ball tomorrow okay so
you're currently waiting at to get some
food at Cheesecake Factory I am so
excited
Ashley I'm having this for you what is
new not much oh I think I know where I
see me because my hair soon changed also
got a new phone case I'm gonna switch
out mine right now I thought was super
cute it's like she'll looking like ooh
yeah cuz this one was I I love this one
but it's like kind of old and like the
tarnish is coming off here so I'm gonna
do in the gut this let's see if it looks
cute first of all obviously prom newbie
designers but anyways okay so let's see
this
and I can I goes with my dress
yeah any Punky's I like it I like it
shells like a mermaid we got a bunch so
we're all stories here I'm here Avis and
Aldo gonna try on some shoes right now
the mall closes in like two minutes so
we're getting ready to go back soon as
well I'm Adam
we're getting ready to go back to the
hotel right now and yeah I got some got
some PJ's got some clothes bourbon as
you I saw yeah this is a really nice
mall they have lots and lots of stuffs
did some damage I'm excited though I'll
give you guys a haul later I promise
okay so we are obviously back at the
hotel room and but you guys want to see
a house so everything that about today
maybe maybe alright so first we have
some stuff from forever 21 and I got a
lot of PJ's because for our show we like
wear PJs a lot and honestly I just kind
of needed some new PJ's so I got this
stripes like shorts little set which is
super cute his room fans with hearts all
over them they're like super cute and
comfy and then I got this top which
Meredith actually had started twinning
with her now it was so cute it says love
and coffee I'm kind of obsessed it I
think it's super super cute and then I
also got some sleeping shorts because I
actually forgot to bring some sleeping
shorts with me so got those I know
moving on to urban I got that jean
jackets that you guys saw earlier and
I'm really excited to wear the blue
skirt and I think it's adorable and I
could probably wear that tomorrow maybe
we shall see then I also got this dress
which like I don't know super cute and
like skater II and it's just I got that
listen and I got this cardigan that is
so comfy it's like oversized and just
slouchy and I feel like I'm gonna be
wearing this like every single day super
super comfy and then for Victoria's
Secret um I got some more socks because
I've been wearing socks a lot because
it's really cold on the bus but they're
cute so so yeah oh and then I'll get
more socks from Urban Outfitters I'm
just some like high ones because cuz
yeah yay sighs everything that I got and
yeah put it up hmm okay guys so I was
just about to edit this vlog and I
figured I should end it because I
actually forgot to end yesterday's vlog
and I felt really bad so I'm sorry so uh
yeah night we're in tomorrow we can sing
the rules going can we talk about the
fact that so many people have brought
you scones on tour so easy dough
I like cookies - I like cookie - it
doesn't have a good ring good
I like ooh I like okay nothing a little
bit uh let it air out a bit anyways I
love you guys and I'm gonna go to bed
and charge my battery cuz it's about the
time okay so so so much and yeah
