goodmorning goodmorning club good
morning
okay bye happy vlogmas day seven good
morning guys what is up and welcome to
vlogmas day seven I can't believe it's
already been a week of vlogmas which is
crazy
give me a favor and comment below a
heart emoji if you are caught up with
all the vlogs and if you aren't it's
okay I forgive you Jessica I mean I do
forgive you but you know anyways so
today's kind of a chill day which is
awesome I have a lot of just random
stuff I have to do a little editing to
do it's a nice home blog today as you
guys probably saw we did finally order a
Christmas tree we weren't able to bring
it home today it still had to flock it
which is basically where you put all of
the like white all over it you know like
what a Christmas tree looks super white
like this it's called blocking block
with an L like a flock of sheep don't
ask me why that's just what it's called
so we were able to pick that up tomorrow
but they said it might even be ready
later today so I'm hoping I get a call
and they say that it's ready because I
would that would make my day got my
coffee much needed I'm gonna put on some
makeup right now I actually wanted to
try out some new makeup I don't know if
you guys remember these unboxings
forever ago
but NARS and Lancome both sent me some
other holiday stuff and I saw it in my
closet and realize I have not even used
any of it there seriously it's so many
beautiful products in here there's just
so many so I really want to try this
also land comes sent over so much stuff
a while ago so let's try out some new
makeup oh I also where is it where is it
where are you oh right in front of me I
also want to try out the new it's heart
contour palette that they sent me if you
remember this oh my god I am so excited
to use that they also sent over some
brush it and then also some like lip
glosses and highlighting stuff so can
try out that okay and makeup is done
like I didn't really do any eyeshadow
but like in the lipstick I know I never
wear lipstick and I need to start doing
it more because it actually makes
different yeah and I'm promise I'm
wearing a shirt it's just like a new
strapless one so that is why I'm that's
why it kind of looked naked oh it might
lashes are like kind of waiter that when
you're liking your makeup and you're
like mmm
okay so here's some of the new makeup
that I use I did use the contour palette
oh no that would have been so cute Oh
hold on wait two seconds dang that had
been so cute it makes like the littlest
difference but to me I'm like we're
sorry I keep touching my shirt today
it's like really hot so I took off my
jacket
I liked the palette so far I did realize
I don't think I like those brushes as
much as my regular brushes so I wasn't
sure if that's why I didn't like like it
as much but it did I definitely like the
color of it though I'm gonna use it a
few more times if I had to choose right
now I would still choose the kat von d
palette but I do really like this one I
use a new foundation primer and
foundation that which is a big step for
me because I've been loving the Fenty
and the Too Faced wine but I use the
Lancome la base la base Pro just like a
base I liked it
um and then I use the Lancome this
makeup stick I think I like it didn't
like love it but we'll see how it lasts
throughout the day and then lips loving
this ellipse tick so freaking much this
is only a small size to some kind of set
so I'm probably gonna end up buying the
big size if I still keep using it NARS
Barbara I feel like it's just a perfect
like just like nude brownish kind of
color and normally I don't gravitate
towards these colors if I saw this in
the store I would think it's too Brown
for me but really liking it like loving
it you will see me wearing this oh I
also use the NARS highlighter it's in
the color double tape that's what it
looks like I did really like this I'm
gonna use it a few more times so I get
my full opinions on it but so far I like
it it's very subtle which is good
because sometimes you know highlights
are like to pop in just kidding that
can't ever be a thing but you know at me
sometimes when you don't want to look
like a disco balls like this was a
little more natural which is good
anyways let's start our day dun dun dun
back downstairs welcome to unboxing time
with Felicia oh my god wait how cool
would it be if I had like a little intro
every time I did an unboxing you know
like a little like broom unboxing time
with Felicia yo it's gonna happen so I
have three packages here
one two three first one this is from
Anthropologie I ordered it I know what
it is and I'm so excited for it because
just Christmas hashtag Christmas hey
wait you guys are gonna laugh because we
already bought a tree skirt at Target
well I saw this one anthropology because
I was looking for ornaments and I fell
in love with it I hope it works out if
it doesn't I'm totally gonna return it
but it is so freakin cute it's basically
like a huge sweater a huge sweater look
you just have to see on the ground
you guys look how cute this is it's just
like a huge warm cozy sweater it has
little like tassel things I think it's
so cute I still love the ones and target
I wonder if this one would look good
over that one low-key but yeah looks
like I love it okay
so got that and then I ordered one other
thing from there down this super super
super cute ornament I'm excited to start
collecting ornaments like now that we're
in a house we can start saving I mean I
mean we still saved everything you know
what I mean
does that make sense I don't know if you
can see this but this is the cutest
little ornament ever it's just this jar
with a Christmas tree a pinecone and a
deer in it that's what it looks like I
think it is so freaking cute I really
wanted to have like a white theme for
the Christmas tree but I feel like this
is perfect because it still has like the
green and the glitter and you know you
don't fall next thing is from Tarte
they're always hooking it up oh I think
I might know what this is I'm very
excited I saw people oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god please be it they
were having a sale
please be what I think you are you guys
having their friends and family sales
includes the shape tape concealers makes
it like 20 up
oh hey Lionel Richie look at they sent a
million of their little beauties I'm
sorry they're not beauty blunders
because they're tart beauty blunders so
like little sponges
tart sponges so many oh my god thank you
tart I don't deserve you guys here's the
info if you're interested in buying
something from their sale thanks for
hooking it up tart okay so this
package not gonna lie I really don't
know what to expect right now so genre
told me that she had a present coming
for me and I had to vlog it is that not
sounds good here we go I'm excited
ash do you know this is there's a new
Sutter wait that we should film a
challenge like maybe tomorrow maybe
tomorrow we can do a challenge for Ash
and I have to wear this all freaking day
do me a huge favor comment below if you
want that like like this video and if we
should do that challenge I'd be
hilarious what are my plans tomorrow huh
thanks Umar would be a perfect day like
we should wake up and put it on and just
all freaking day what's it gonna be like
if one of us has to go to the bathroom
no challenge accepted I'll do it if you
guys want it like comment below if we
should do this challenge I'm here is the
OTD of the of the TD of the day that
makes him no sense jacket is from urban
I showed this in my fall hall a long
time ago love this jacket it's just kind
of warm so not sure how long it's gonna
last annex I think it's gonna haunt oh
sure it's found that brandy melville
velvet why am I just like I shake hands
on it sure it's from brandy melville
shots it from Urban Outfitters I've had
these for actually years and I just
still freakin love them yeah
shoes shoes I'm just wearing white Puma
sneakers and then I have some socks that
are from I think Urban Outfitters but
I'm not really sure yeah hello la done
them thumb thumb update time it is
currently 1:55 p.m. yeah wait are you
ever gonna Dyer her not purple I feel
like people just know you with purple
hair I kind of want to put other colors
into it so it's like mermaid fully for
it I feel like people were wondering so
I figured we are currently headed to get
some lunch she cuz of all of the fires
right now there has been a few power
outages and my Wi-Fi is not working at
home so we had
find a place to upload so why don't we
get some lunch I can hopefully try to
upload vlogmas day six because hashtag
bonus and hashtag got upload princess
parking hotdogs or legs actually those
are some more like sausages so hopefully
we can upload McCrum a cry if I can't
well let's get some food though I'm
starving
low-key trying to upload my vlog right
now and our food just got here and I'm
so excited
good job of course we got the hummus and
tabbouleh salad we got them for you to
bread and then we got the best chocolate
cakes that there ever is in life and yo
look at this piece this is like the
perfect piece because there's like
frosting on this side too so excited oh
my god are you excited I'm really hungry
and I'm really excited I always loved
how their horse have three not four wait
for me to get out of the Sun good good
good go into the base place yeah John
Murray where we go baby we're going to
the base play and I was like if she says
Starbucks I like I went to the Facebook
yeah we got the good here we go 1 2 3 up
spin 1 2 3 fat 1 2 3 dang it 1 2 3
yes 99th time is the charm you guys we
got a vlogmas day 7 Starbucks today it's
so cute so good you freaking guys oh my
god oh my god I came home came home from
getting Starbucks and I come home to a
package and I was thinking hmm what's
this and I look at and I would oh my god
it's my new phone you don't even know
I've had the worst experience this year
trying to get the new phone I usually
upgrade my phone every time not every
time but most times that there's a new
phone out currently have the iPhone 7
and a whole bunch of unboxings I got it
like as ASAP I got it like this as soon
as you could get it this time I had the
worst luck ever ordering my freaking
iPhone X I might as well just waited
three hours the day it came out in store
long story short a Crow's hours need to
talking to people it finally came it's
actually become a joke with me and
pretty much all of my friends of one is
Alicia gonna get her iPhone because
every time they
I'm like nope still hasn't come I bought
an iPhone X for a giveaway
spoiler alert and I was able to get that
sooner that I was able to get like my
own phone I just don't get it I'm not
gonna be used to this I'm used to the
plus I heard this one so much smile okay
oh my god oh my god I'm like I love the
chrome it reminds me of like old iPhones
like satisfied feelings like no other
hello hi swipe up to open okay literally
look at the size different I'm not gonna
be used to this it's actually gonna fit
it's the same same screen size so it's
just less phone oh hey guys what is that
so I just edited this vlog I'm very
proud of myself when I edit box at night
life is just good like it just worked so
much better but anyways I wanted to end
this vlog and just say thank you for
watching and I hope that you enjoyed
blog miss 87 I will see you guys
tomorrow for vlogmas day
hallo guys bye cool what are you doing
do a club good morning guys what is up
and welcome back to the blog lighting us
soul Gordo I keep staring at my ass
knitly should have logged this before I
started doing my makeup I have a lot of
makeup right here end of the day dressed
from this guy
shirts from where's your problem I don't
know
