hey guys so today is Saturday sticks out
of it oh it's Saturday and if you didn't
see me last fall I actually got on the
tour bus and everything things were
great and last night our bus broke down
at like 4:00 a.m. I broke gap and long
story short we had to like move everyone
from our best and to the other best are
actually traveling to buses for like all
the production people and stuff there's
like 20 people like squishing in one
small but I don't know how we made it
work we did at the radiator hose like
broke and then it was repaired and broke
again oh my gosh the first end of the
bus wasn't that oh yeah and you know
what's funny last night like I happens I
was like we should block this filmin and
I was so tired it's like four and we
were trying to like move really fast and
I forgot I'm sorry anyways a group of us
are going to downtown Chicago to just do
some sightseeing get some pizza and
not on that were actually kind of blows
any other were doing via Meredith
decides to stay back and just get ready
and take no time getting reading it so
we are going to be the benches maybe
take some pictures and and stuff okay
first of all lighting is like Christine
an egg-like beam I see right now and
it's so pretty here so pretty me I wish
you're here there's a gorgeous this is
so pretty
we're taking toothpick shot for you here
Alicia pounder knees
haha
bugging me
do you love Chicago yeah but you for
time you like no time honest like 10
minute here
but to do this we're going to go into
CERN and last time as you do when we and
I were here we didn't get pizza and I
really sad
good news our bus is back broke
she's going to change Township just
process had officially done
we take eyeliner Oh sprout dip brow
Debra Roddenberry
otherwise I disobey your girl but now I
took on your girl to breath I'm trying
to take something funny to see me at
such a lot of stage you're the not black
challenge
he loves the sick so how do you feel
right now alley Sean I'm getting ready
don't talk to my Wow she acts like she
double I mean she thought she chosen
at least vlogger like spoons I likes
going tomorrow it's going to my feet
hey okay so we are back on the bus funny
story
Amos year and I actually went to go to
shower after at Sears dad's hotel so we
had like hurry over there turn it all
the way back like I made right before
the scene but right now I was going to
go through a whole bunch of some gifts
that you guys gave us from today's show
honestly we have like boxes and boxes
and boxes Oh sissy yeah yeah Thank You
Sophia
we're going through all the presents and
stuff that you guys got us from
tonight's show
oh my gosh there's so there's so much
stuff and I'm having so much fun opening
them and you guys but you never have to
get us stuff like we just want yours to
come so we don't ever be like you have
to get us something thank you so much
like you guys did not have to do this
there is your so just like so much stuff
and there's like what how many other
boxes there's like six other boxes from
to shop oh my gosh ah oh my god how cute
this is
oh my goodness oh and then okay guys
this point they're calling me I'm dying
Ashley get excited like this is so key
over to Toys for Chloe are the best like
and there's so much of boom chicka pops
I am so get all this video check up on
okay
boom chicka pop Burch a better skill
some of Alicia's boom chicka Bob my gosh
so much Duff okay so let's see what's
the next thing we have Oh
oh my gosh I'm putting this my boy oh my
gosh this is adorable
dear Alisha hi my name is Hannah hi
Hannah
and huge shots and Ally oh she drew this
picture of all six of us and it's
amazing and she said that she left I
lost my mom say hi if you're watching
this and you like the show and I still
can see you again because I remember
meeting you at meetings on La currently
at Sierra's wrong which is so cute I
didn't even know your show it don't show
these about oh my video all right
my horrible I need to decorate mine
really bad okay cuz like the last time
we went to have the cutest row - I need
a bowl I had fun hello Walden and now I
don't know where they are
wait what happened - I gotta get a
partner at and we bought that to the
right at me or was that just like a
unicorn
I'm just buckle me right now yeah that's
it no this okay me may hey Mike my son
dude are you
hey hey you
it's so like hard to move around and
like packing oh I'm like I'm ready to go
to bed here's my bunk not decorated yet
thank you to whoever got me me hello
pandas and I'm currently eating up and
they're really really good thank this
I'm just going to edit this vlog so I
might as well say goodbye now FBI shows
and so so much and I'll see you in from
the left okay
