morning guys so today is I never know
dated
today's Tuesday and it is September
first is anyone else mind blown by this
I actually saw anything last night that
was saying like how many days it was
like a hundred and something day till
Christmas and sixty something days -
like hallway door out or something like
that yeah like that's yeah yeah anyways
anyways I am currently on my way to a
meeting for girls night and so I
mentioned it in yesterday's vlog that um
we have a shoot all day so again if you
haven't bought tickets link is in the
downbar you should buy see it I'm really
excited I don't know but I think it's
gonna be so cute and so fun so you guys
should definitely get tickets so yeah I
know me is gonna be there I think Ava's
gonna be poor no I don't think
Meredith's gonna be there I think she's
in New York right now anyways that's
what we're doing so I don't know what
all's gonna happen today or how long
that's gonna take
anyways I'm about to leave I have my tea
which I'm so excited about and yeah
let's uh let's do this
I was like an egg I always look like
over here we are getting ready to get
some so got my tea too dun dun dun dun
dun
21 days which one are you guys coming to
let me know let me know let me know
oh we're good boy everywhere boom mic
drop
lighting though and it's lunchtime got
some food ooh what are we getting I
wasn't sure if you're gonna be here it's
the new year in New York okay
okay update and we have a channel how to
find it oh my god being here it's
dropping everything out we really didn't
get that much stuff and I got some tips
from Chipotle but I really want to get
and there's a pilot really good so I
have a coffee which is much needed and
early and I'm just I don't know and yeah
so this is what my current setup looks
like the first thing I do anytime I go
on the internet is go to youtube and
stuff and just check everything out but
I honestly should be doing homework so I
think I'm gonna do that by speaking up
if you haven't seen my newest videos you
should totally go catch up cuz yeah and
speaking of videos I have a question for
you guys let me know in the comments
what you think when do you think it's
too early to do fall videos I've seen a
lot of people and comments wanting fall
videos so I don't know do I think I
should start it early this year or
should I do a couple like general videos
or still be back to school video I don't
know
I don't you should totally hit that
subscribe button right down there it's
totally free and you will be a
subscriber of mine which means you will
never miss out on my videos because
it'll tell you when I upload new videos
every week yeah yes do something more
original / different yet still very
landed on this I haven't done um so
um um um and and my mom um oh my gosh um
and yeah um and Joe is done and it looks
really good it looks really good it
looks really good it looks it looks it
looks oh look oh my gosh you got mother
I know you're watching this because you
watch all my videos these cookies are
amazing she got us Uncle Eddie's vegan
chocolate chip cookies from some like
health food store they're like their
peanut butter chocolate chip they're so
good I did knocking baby neck I've had
to and I know I haven't no mmm if you
had marry a cookie or on doughnut which
would you choose copy' time mm is my
second cup berries on Tita hey I think
you're really cool I like you a lot
why am I so weird
I thought Ashley was the only one who's
gets me in the world but obviously it's
like a million people do oh I'm not even
gonna see a million because I feel like
you guys get to see more of me than my
main channel over half a million people
approve of me when I am and we're on our
way to playlist you have to take fun
everybody as excited about it oh boy
baby I love you I'll see you real soon
okay so like a couple days oh I don't
wanna leave take a video with me very
still so she thinks that maybe I won't
finish my art and then she'll come with
people you won't like the drive by they
traveled like today
you spy
- you guys so I just got to my room and
it is late it's like 9:00 no it's 10:00
it's actually 10 oh my gosh I'm so tired
and I have a headache and I don't feel
good I'm really hungry
keeping in mind like this three-hour
time change from California right now so
it's really like 7:00 at home
could you guys cook a little to where
when you walk in there is the bathroom
okay yeah okay cool
my favorite thing of the entire room mmm
and then this is the room nice and why
aka it can totally match my Instagram
I'm pretty excited for that Oh what's
this let's see what is in this oh my
gosh guys I'm so excited I'm so hungry
right now - oh my gosh playlist you are
BAE this is amazing or Merion whoever
did this both of you I don't know Guinea
pop we got some popcorn there's some
quest bars cookies if we got goldfish
you guys do I look goldfish got some
Pringles
so ft/min a while and it is really
really really late and I am super tired
I wanted to end this vlog hope you liked
it and get ready for more fun playlist
live blogs and imma go and I'll talk to
you guys later okay
