hey guys so how are you good morning
today's Monday and as you can see I'm
currently I'm getting ready actually was
trying to like organize my makeup too
because it's kind of messy let my hair
to do but honestly I think I'm just
gonna see if I can get away today with
like not really doing because it's
curled yesterday and I really did do too
much yesterday maybe we can get away
yeah yeah I think it's doable I have to
add some dry shampoo in here because my
roots I kind of greasy oh that was it
and see if I can figure something out my
gosh like anyways I think I'm actually
gonna go to Starbucks right now because
school is officially started and I have
homework to do which sucks so bad and my
battery on my speaker died so I have to
charge that definitely need to finish
organizing this later it's kinda messy
kinda messy I need your guy's help so
bad I have no idea what to upload this
week and I'm kind of stressing a little
bit because I'm actually going to be at
playlist live DC this weekend so I have
to have it like done ahead of time
because I'm traveling and stuff
what up guys okay so as you saw I was
here at Starbucks doing some studying do
some video planning and I'm really
excited now I know the video I'm doing
anyways ashes you know and I think we're
gonna get lunch at Panera be a lot of
shopping to do today for some DIYs I'm
excited so I got a Mediterranean chicken
and quinoa salad but salt bread and it
looks good it not got her usual really
excited Ethan and yeah look for money ah
oh you are the cutest I know you oMG
you're so cute you're so cute oh my gosh
as look Oh cutest puppy award ever yeah
Oh bless you Chloe why are you so cute
oh my gosh
anyway let's film this let's do this I'm
excited how are you doing I missed you I
hope your last week was amazing and yeah
first of all if you are new to my
channel you've never seen it my face
before then hello my name is Alisha and
you should totally subscribe because
it's free and you can be notified every
time I upload a video that's cool now we
won't miss out
it
anyways Ashley I just got our nails done
I knew it so bad I actually broke a nail
yesterday and it was very bad and
embarrassing again yeah so those done
and I got a pedicure Oh much easier in
here and they did a really good job I
have gone to so many nail salons well I
have gone to so many nail salons and
this grow-ups like knew exactly what I
wanted and I didn't even have to tell
her the shape that I wanted and it was
just perfect so I'm really excited
everyone's like your nails look the same
no they don't fit bug the shape is
perfect I love it perfect you two that I
ring back on - you forgot I put them in
here we have a meeting for on girls
night and our tour so if you haven't
heard of that or bought tickets yeah I'm
gonna have to link in the downbar yet
some buy tickets for to the you can buy
tickets for the tour I'm so shy - Brit
we have a meeting like all day tomorrow
so I'm bummed because Ashley's like free
all day and I'm Donald water just like
Linda darling I mean I missed it did
anybody have this water bottle I have
had this water bottle for like six
months and I can't figure out how the
cap is supposed to click in here suppose
just like click in there and it's not
Nick and then I saw the girls Nathan
there I was at the same bottle true that
I heard the kirtland's was click to the
bastard how she did it but hers was
clicked back so she can you know and
this is just always in the way I feel
normal now with my rings on it feel
freer I don't have them on
I love it home gotta let myself know
what don't need anybody out son right
guys I got you me that is a beautiful
sight yeah y'all
it's beautiful day cuz it's not morning
it's actually like evening will you be
in tardes get so we're in target I need
some supplies for a video or for this
week's video
Ashley a sidetrack and kind of loopy
right now I've always loved me is me I
hear that it looks like you were
twerking go go ready wait rue it
go go go you got this
I've never seen you - stomach hurt
I've never seen you twerk and you just
torqued and target you're getting the
shoes yes
getting some goodies okay so I need a
folder I'm trying to pick a color on
there's purple blue would look cool
oh this to100 pick one folder I see you
found a folder so now we're at the mall
I'm internally with I needed to do some
shopping and stuff for playlist life is
begin so we're here and I got some
things at Nordstrom you can kind of look
at urban Goods no because we're right by
it
so we found nothing in urban
something really get from you on impact
on and maybe Padres
it looks super cute and you look really
good in foil like that's adorable
I'm debating getting this skirt I think
it's cute it's only 12 bucks I'm gonna
get it and it's dinner time so we're
having some pizza and like a veggie
salad bass and tomatoes and cucumbers
and onions avocado we got our magical
tea it's my favorite in the world it's
so good
that's what we eat in I don't know
months I'm having a ring up wow I'm not
dying you turn me I don't know try I
figured it out I'm you guys see how I've
been drinking with and on it with your
other finger finger it's great how many
friends I can I have some of them they'd
be like so I was just looking at some of
the things that I bought today right now
but if you guys want to haul of
everything and I mean technically it is
like a back to school haul I'll totally
do it in tomorrow's vlog if you want to
see one day I'm actually getting pretty
tired right now like it's finally
hitting me that I'm really tired
the name's going to clean up because
it's kind of a very much do it now and
get ready for bed and stuff so let's get
you guys in a bit so I obviously took
shower got ready for bed and I was
realizing that I am extremely tired kind
of forget what I did today
so I hope it was interesting but yeah I
love you guys I'll see you hopefully
tomorrow and yeah bye
