hey guys how you doing today is the 20th
I believe August 20th can anyone else
believe that this month is basically
gone already
summers basically gone already and makes
me really really fat
they got a ice ski so I'm gonna lucky
with two raw sugars at the bottom ou
changed it up kind of not really but I
did sorry it is a little later in the
day I done nothing productive this
morning I came back from Nia's because I
was there this morning then I came back
home and did nothing for like three or
four hours and I finally got up my blog
from yesterday so it's currently up
right now it's actually really funny the
end I had so much fun with it and now
Ashley are going to school so we can
film some last minute clips for my
school morning routine which is going up
hopefully tomorrow which would be the
day that you're watching this if this
gets up at the same time so hopefully
it's up unless this vlog is really
really short that I might like combine
it with tomorrow's vlog so we'll see
also my hair looks really sure right now
but it's not it's just all tuck my
backpack whoa
we're ready I'm trying to tuck this
right now so I don't have to bring it
it's just one more thing you have to
bring we're gonna get dinner after we
film so humming phone would help up any
board by cannoli the sky looks really
cool okay so we're here and hoping to
get some good shots guys it's sunset
it's gold an hour
aka best filling time Bert Bert when you
hunt today ice cream oh okay so it is
currently six thirty seven let's go
let's do this yeah yeah trying to make
it look super cute for the wind it's
really so hot so I took off my jacket
and put my hair up oh so high I'm like
sweating you guys did not want to hear
that we got going super Smith probably
would have liked earlier but the Sun was
going down so I wanted to make sure we
had time to like get all of this footage
that we needed I think it's gonna turn
out really good so anyways I want to get
like an insta of all this I can get so
cute with like the penny board and the
coffee and the notebook and staff moves
and writing is really good up here where
have you been all my life so anyways I
am like sweating not yet then we're
gonna go to Cheesecake Factory for
dinner because it's our favorite
restaurant as of now and
really good so scrunch it up might stop
by the mall will see a smattering I need
to do so I probably just go home I just
want to give to I am tried taking an
Instagram and I think it kind of failed
unless I can turn this white which I
might be able to we shall see great so
we are done we were headed back to the
car and I am really hungry
Ashlee's probably really hungry where am
I going over the hill so much stuff
shredding mountain path just kidding it
with a little hill wait okay hey guys so
it's the next day
it is Friday oh my gosh it's Friday
super exciting and my hair is kind of
poufy because I blow dried it anyways
I'm currently on my way to LA because I
have a meeting at 11:30 is shipping no
no no Sun and then I'm just gonna head
straight back here and upload later so
it's an uploading day and there is very
exciting giveaway in this video also way
later tonight we're actually gonna be
heading to my parents house because we
are going on a mini a trip this weekend
to San Diego which is gonna be super fun
that's what's going on and just want to
update you guys and let's go fight the
traffic cuz it was gonna be traffic and
we're driving by try boys totally in my
trunk so
do for you guys unless I can find a lot
yeah yeah so I just I'm I'm eating and
I'm headed back home and luckily I mean
there's a little traffic but I think it
won't be too long which is awesome
I miss logging in my car also just
saying I'm gonna get my tripod oh I'm so
excited for this weekend I'm really
looking forward to just like relaxing
and we're actually gonna go to a
cardinal game which I'm so excited about
hey guys so obviously I'm now back as to
the apartment and I've been here for a
while currently 4:30 and I have been
editing all day I'm really hoping to get
this video up today but taking a little
longer than I thought there's just a
whole bunch of little things and a poor
time being so like such a perfectionist
today like I'm just not liking things
which normally like I don't know I'm
just like not feeling a lot of things
it's a good problem but a bad problem
because just taking me longer to get it
up hopefully out likes what I actually
do put up Brett lead in Brookside
dark-chocolate HRU and blueberry this is
so Bach so so Bob yes when are my
glasses diggers eclairs it's kind of
annoying Ashley took Chloe to the
groomers because she was so dirty and
she it's been a long time since she's
gotten her hair done and she's bringing
home Panera so I'm really excited for
that cuz I'm pretty hungry continue
editing right now every cup here we go
mmm that is so attractive oh my gosh
eating some Panera I got the kale and
quinoa salad with double chicken and
this thing is so amazing I just know
this I've been on a kale and quinoa kick
I don't know why I thanks ash what you
get what you get I put you apple salad
and then I think we have some apples in
here but I don't know if I'll be able to
finish it cause I'm already getting full
certainly 9:30 and that video is not up
I had to be hardest trouble editing it
like it just wouldn't render and
wouldn't export and I find to figure out
the problem so like three hours later I
fixed it then I tried uploading it and I
don't know it's not the file but it's
YouTube or something like it wouldn't
process my video for anything anything I
feel like it's too late to upload and
I'm just
hopefully try tomorrow maybe it'll work
that way so I'm really sad I've been
doing here all night and that's all like
we were just going my parents house is
tonight and that's obviously not
happening because of me and the video
and rumors my plus side Ashley I've been
watching young and hungry this whole
night and I love this show it's so cute
that's what's going on and I feel so
unproductive because there's been look
good
hey guys so um that was probably a
really bad angle anyways it's getting
pretty late so I'm going to go to bed
hopefully I can get up early and edit
this vlog and get it up and upload a
main Channel video also that's a lot
let's see if it can happen I love you
guys so so so so much I'll see you in my
next vlog and yeah okay
