hey guys so today is Wednesday you're
probably like yo Alicia where are you
I am Colin where am I I'm currently with
niki and gabi like misty yo long story
short they're staying out here for about
a week ish and I decided to come see
them last night though I drove out
really late and we were chillin swim at
the hotel and we're just gonna have a
girls day today we're literally just all
cute like take pics and go Keith and
show I'm so hungry
I'm more excited for food than anything
today because I have we haven't eaten at
all but yeah just going on we might meet
up with Ava we might meet up with Mia
just what we're doing blinding is also
amazing like I would love to have this
lighting like every single day I love
that we just understand each other like
we don't think it's gonna be blog press
Tara be like what are you doing the
grammar apology video could you mad my
god we should do this video yes
hey this very time I made my grades up
we should challenge like some sort of
edgy public career okay just kidding I
probably like I can't we are all right
wait I noticed that our hair color and
eye color like the word like the way
we're opposites like complement each
other do you know what I mean I know you
mean like it's like a brunette and a
blonde with an inseparable bond you
never did
again I think I'm gonna get
No
clips are everywhere right this is so
vegan talking Nick oh that looks so good
so I got a to bully and hummus and salad
which is so amazing and there's some
pita bread on the side and we got a free
plate because they always have the best
fruit here it's like not just your like
typical like it's like rare fruit yeah
it's a good it's actually really bad
yeah our day
our team so far I know pick yeah they
are my straw in my like drinking a lot
like oh my god he's a deal so I got some
coffee
which I really needed I did not have
coffee yet today yo venti iced give me
super no latte with two Russians at the
bottom would you get I got a black tea
mango lemonade is really bomb it's so
good and we're at third Street if you
could not tell your stories from
shopping and well just like really quick
I can think we kind of came here to like
to do something both you have anything I
probably should it I probably really
should I know that's hot but then the
times that you don't want to shop you
find something and you're like oh my
gosh I need them I think in like the
boot shop minutes walk around oh it was
here before billion subscriber ever how
do you feel how do you feel this is
weird
get this plague that's so
literally intent within the population
of LA I feel like there comes a point
where just can't even like you got I
mean you're just like yeah find anything
I love everything oh what's your
favorite sunglasses
I mean favorite friend look you would
cygnus yeah
work work work Gabi taking an Instagram
because this bathroom is literally her
to a tee I shout out to the
Bloomingdale's bathroom yes
work work this is so cute don't I I have
everything right in front of me still
feeling go up big-time
so I'm actually back at Steven Hall
right now and funny story and Gabi
you're actually gone they have to go
film that's the reason why they're out
here so they're going to go to set can't
see what they're doing it's very
exciting so they're gonna be gone for
like five hours or something but I was
just going to edit because I have a lot
to edit I have a lot of like work stuff
to do have some homework I should do I'm
just gonna chill in the room yeah and
then I think Ava's gonna come back over
later tonight and we're all just gonna
have another girls sleepover and have
fun and chill hashtag swap people I
don't know I would okay also the view of
this hotel is amazing you can't really
tell but that's definitely the Hollywood
sign like right there so pretty Beverly
Hills is just like so so pretty oh I
love it
I'm currently watching Big Bang Theory
which you guys know this is my favorite
show in the entire Sheldon I love you I
love you and I just ordered sugar fish
to be delivered I'm so excited so that's
coming and like a half an hour
Metin kind of weird it was on point
earlier and the Sun is set it was such a
beautiful sunset today like I should
close the windows it's
pretty there only it's so pretty out
Oh oh my gosh I am so excited this looks
amazing
oh my god oh my gosh I'm so excited Oh
currently watching Disney Channel oh my
gosh mmm so exciting I might eat this
i'ma eat this and I'm currently
uploading a vlog that should be up in
five minutes myself do the thumbnail so
huh sorry about that and I was just
working on a document that has to get
sent over to full screen for the tour
and yeah that's what I'm doing everyone
