hey guys and welcome to playlist day one
running a little late that's it okay I
actually should be down there right now
I have a panel
well it doesn't start now the check-ins
right now I'm not that late don't worry
so I have a panel today and then my
meetup is actually tomorrow so for the
day I'm pretty free so I'm gonna come
back and upload my new video I'm excited
about I think you gonna like it I think
you're gonna like it let me know if you
do it'll be up before you see that so go
watch it if you haven't seen it yet and
then come back and tell me if you liked
it or not okay I need my stuff and I
don't know what okay lipstick I need
lipstick for the boob exciting
for me sure they're cute we're here with
Karissa now and she must be in love and
I was like yo you have to be in my blog
so picture my super cute I love that
this is such a night I didn't like I've
seen everyone like post pictures I
haven't seen again this view is so
pretty
hey guys update time little later in the
day it's currently five o'clock notice
no like grab my socks still not use this
fact to which they've done for the day
at playlist so we have some time to tell
us that we decided to do some a touristy
stuff and we're looking at some museums
and whatnot never been here I'm excited
caroling with Monica
well apparently she'll be yeah we're
gonna meet up with Alexa and Ciara the
buildings here are so pretty does not
look like this at home
today we're gonna learn about blue whale
actually
and I'm ecstatic I did not know
what guys we're just gonna be green and
slash yellow nook daytime at mamita
I can't walk for too long but I just
wanted to vlog really really really
quick and their of them that's like at
the end I haven't even like swap well I
plugged a little bit earlier but not
like me blogging anyway posted to meet
up James it's been great
oh we're vlogging each other earlier I
actually if you're watching this I'm
thankful money oh my god oh yeah I miss
you so cute I miss you she's so sassy
like if you need me girl like she's so
exactly she's like okay so you have a
channel yeah and your style is on
pointing so what is your channel look
slow okay right here mix luck go
subscribe guys go subscribe thank you
you're so cute oh my gosh thanks for
coming here can you do some outfit of
the days for me because these are so key
oh this is good this is from Richmond
and dating
I love it I love it okay so go subscribe
to Chloe and Christine cuz they're
really cool and I'm with these besties
we've been well yeah yeah we had some
awesome sod diggin stuff he wants me my
blog because I said to love my vlogs and
I was like what up guys update time it's
been elapsed time vlog like it's the
longest nap after my Meetup and it's
super bright I'm sorry right now we had
to kind of chillin on this balcony of
the hub which I did not know is here and
it is so pretty I'm kind of in love with
TC I did not expect that to happen
oh gosh
what we doing guys oh dang that's huge
and we are ending
this is intense
it's so intense what up Abe my man crazy
you guys we're currently chillin
so we decided to be super spontaneous
and come to of the all the monuments at
night so update time we're now at the
green room and we are getting ready to
lose the airport definitely just waiting
to go I want to be in the blog so the
blog thing set out your insta weight
yeah absolutely
you should be a therefore really soon
squad right now is Monica Syria and
Alexa tired but not for this point and
obviously I think 99 and all you too
early on this is like going back home so
funny we like here I know obviously
monitor your life
are you life it's amazing
after math poorly dad
