we're the face
really I'm very trying to figure out
what I want back to get some fruit
sounds good
getting some orange juice that sounds so
good fun fact I love work shoes what's
in the boom you know so time for a
Starbucks haul so lately I've actually
been getting a caramel macchiato with
soy milk and I've been loving it love it
Taryn actually got me totally hooked on
this so Thank You Taryn
I got a spinach feta wrap because it's
one of my favorite breakfast sandwiches
that they have there I didn't want to
have like coffee with this I wanted like
something sweet horse I had to get some
OJ because OJ's also big and um then I
wanted to snack for later so I got some
fruit to have later what up guys so I
forget the last thing I vlog I think it
was actually a while ago but I'm
basically a ready for today
now although I will say I did not do my
hair whatsoever I just kind of like
brushed through it with my fingers I
wasn't really planning on spending at
the night last night luckily I brought
his outfit yesterday but super exciting
Ashley is actually going to come out and
actually bring lovely she sure she's
also going to spend the night so we're
just gonna have a huge like girl and boy
because of Ken sleepover and it's going
to be so much fun and I'm really excited
so I think we're also gonna go shopping
later oh yeah
that's what's going on I've just been
chilling mia is actually right now
filming a video so she's in there and I
was just eating at my fruit that I got
earlier from Starbucks
pretty bummed - Ken what are we doing in
Turkey nurse hey guess what Chloe's
coming
Chloe's coming guess who cooked a
grilled cheese
guess who's eating pickles with
chopsticks that's so awesome
it's perfect cuz like you just grab it
you get back all the pickle juice
best friend they're gonna taste so much
better with chopsticks it does ok gets
so much better with plastic forks my mom
talked about the way you put the cake in
your mouth and then you bend the fork if
you're disabled and like get all of the
crevices of the icing out of the pork
that's true also has anyone ever put
pickles on a grilled cheese it is so
good it sounds really disgusting but
it's really really bottom you guys have
to throw it all so I'm really curious is
there anything that you guys eat that's
like weird or like people think is like
gross like for instance I always used to
put Doritos on like my turkey sandwiches
and people would be like oh that's weird
but it's so good gonna have to try you'd
be like yeah that's good are you trying
to think I'd be like over here like
being snacking calling Ashley is this
how a reality show feels like what a
reality show member oh we are waiting
for you we'd be here for a long time
would you sit on the couch waiting for
you mama where are you gonna be here
we'd be waiting mama but it's me by the
way
oh my gosh I'm dying sylia waiting for
Ashley to come
okay so ash and Chloe are here so we're
gonna go see gonna go get them and idea
wait
love oh look who's together again
hashtag Chloe Kang oh that's a friend
that's the room and my mop is here and
she's spending the night first time
sided deaf offically white laundry yay
fact bout my bed friend yeah we are here
so we decided to come shopping never let
go Jack never let go
sprinkle okay so we put our name and
actually cake factory which I love you
had no Ashlyn I go there all times I
only have like 20 minutes so our tables
ready and they're going to text me which
is awesome
we're just going to kind of shop around
hang out I like spontaneous being 10
this was deaf
just like a barbecue we smell good but
me me i'ma it which one I don't know
they're both cute I cannot with the
brown because it's a really pretty brown
color and you have the black fringe one
from our band so that's like really
similar that's really cute though
whether there's a strap - yes yes
there's like we're waiting for him Sun
went down and earlier it was like in my
face so like now perfect timing winter
that will be here time hungry
got a salad and my favorite edamame
soybeans edamame though you have to get
back in so bomb yo and we're going to
free people so you're back at Mia's
place and the dogs are playing we just
six of out of dog park and they had a
blast and Otis letting out and yeah okay
you guys may be so proud of me I didn't
buy anything shopping tonight
that's like a first I did buy stuff
yesterday so I don't know if that really
counts well I mean like oh good night
thank you so guess who has edited this
entire blog that you were watching all
the way up until now kind of
mind-blowing is it not figured I'd be
productive and I started editing
everything up into new because I don't
have any more footage me as being super
nice and letting me use her computer so
I can edit my vlog because I wasn't
planning on saying a night originally
but now I've been here two nights and I
didn't bring my laptop so yeah and I
forgot to ask Ashley to bring mine so
happened to hello I'm not orange anymore
it's exciting something I'm kind of oily
oh gosh oh no oh I love this view
obviously I took shower if you couldn't
tell and I'm currently editing today's
vlog and we're watching at the Teen
Choice Awards on
and five picking the summers we're known
I love this new song don't let me have
my moment
Oh Cameron dalas just one team in her
nose either hey go team Internet and
wait for this niki and gabi oh my gosh
all congrats bet this is all in my mind
but making youtube videos is one of
those things that I just went for and
I'm like there's no way anyone's gonna
want to watch my videos I'm working
weird and I did it anyway so much okay
guys so we watched the Teen Choice
Awards and it was really good and I had
a moment and I was like I'm so proud us
and like Internet and like that's a
thing and it's so crazy because like
there are so many web like nominations
and stuff so congrats you everyone and
yeah it's really late it's 2:18 that the
kids are playing kit ok so we are going
to do it go to bed and I will see you
guys tomorrow
I love you guys so so so so so so much
and hi
