hey guys what is up
so super quick I don't know what
happened but some of my footage for
today or for this vlog got deleted so if
you get a special little intro first off
you guys have been dying because I told
you that I filmed behind the scenes for
the winter wonderland winter wonder
Leisha intro cuz on my main channel this
one yeah so I have a behind the scenes
for you guys and I'm gonna show you guys
that right now good morning guys what is
up and welcome back to the blog lighting
us soul Gordo I keep staring at my
highlight so today we are doing a very
very exciting shoot which you guys the
winter wonderland younger I'm like so
excited so as you guys know I already
filled my vlogmas and drove but today we
are filming a main channel intro for
Christmas which I'm really excited for
it is like all white all winter wonder
land s today we're shooting at actually
the same studio I've been here before
when you walk in this is what it looks
like over here we have the hair and
makeup
flashback to this vlog last year when I
shot with was it local wolves this space
is really cool so I was like let's come
back here let's shoot this here instead
of the house you know last time I did
when filming the bugs and Jo I did like
you know almost ruined the whole wall so
it's kind of a mess and I definitely
should have logged this before I started
doing my makeup I have a lot of makeup
right here hi over here as you can tell
I was going with a full white outfit and
that's why I have a million different
clothes and all white over here I think
this is actually the only full-length
mirror in here where you guys can see my
outfit we have a white guys and look
who's here today Chloe Kane she came
just to watch the shoot she was in the
last one here's behind the scenes Ashley
and drama made the cutest little I love
also look he got a snow machines gonna
look so winter wonderland in here
that's so cute snow in your knees no I
let me open my one way in my eye
I should I gotta like glitter with
Overland
wait this looks so good no it's funny
how like that was it like is this but it
looks so much cooler on camera really
look at me right now no literally I was
up in my hair all up on my brow but
these shots the shots are turning out so
freakin legit like low-key I think I
might like this more than my vlogmas
enduro so cute
also food just up here we got some food
and we got our hummus in tabbouleh salad
a the hummus in tabbouleh life though
thanks for coming and thanks for helping
of working a lunch break ah ha ha ah ha
ha ha getting my salad on a Canada yeah
hi King hi everybody I'm like hi here is
the full outfit of the day again
don't remember the shirt sir I think the
shirts are nasty I gotta find like a
random store low-key like Amazon who
knows dresses misguided shoes are Steve
Madden Oh earmuffs are for everyone yeah
so back from one she's gonna get some
blast last little shots and then I think
we're done like literally so we're gonna
easy I'm so excited you guys to see this
is gonna be super cute
I know I'm like so much we need it I
hope that you love seeing a little
behind the scenes of filming that day
it's funny because there's we were there
all day for literal like a 12 second
intro but it literally takes that long
to get that on so I hope they like
seeing behind the scenes I personally
love seeing behind the scenes of things
here's a vlogmas day at 6:00 I was
actually really sick the night before
this so I was just explaining that I was
sick and I was getting late start to the
day somehow that got deleted don't know
what I did MIT I probably just wasn't
recording let's be real but yeah just
wanted a little little intro for that
YouTube rewind 2017 and then me I'm in
the back and I was in the back oh wait
I'm behind Logan there's me I was right
there there's me there I am yay so that
came out this morning which is really
exciting every year YouTube does a
YouTube rewind video which I'm sure you
guys know about cuz I feel like also if
you guys follow me on Twitter then you
would know that I was actually in one of
the Lilly sings new videos that we did
like kind of a clap I was like in her
video it's hilarious it's about how
people talk about celebrities like as if
they're not real people and it was
hilarious I'm gonna link it in the
description box I do have a little
behind the scenes for you guys so I'm
gonna show you that right now
I'll call the Grand High Coachella
appears that except I heard that was
actually too because it's so loud
I'm gonna leave right now I have to
share it jay-z and Beyonce are getting a
divorce
shut thank you later all those things oh
hey guys what's up clouds of Christmas
yeo-hwa and your lovely we're also such
a professional and so funny and just
nailed it though not scripted when I
write things it's just so awesome when
someone delivers it abomination that
makes me I like was overjoyed listening
to you baby oh my gosh like you guys are
gonna be so excited to see is link
in the description box everyone relates
to this yeah exactly every single person
like your dad releases your releases
your sister release everyone your dog
really every single person you know in
your life has said one of these things
and let me be your child soon yeah
literally go out to video again link is
in the description box
I love Lily she's amazing she's so sweet
and I really enjoyed filming that video
so I'm hoping this is pushing her I
really still even though I like don't
feel well I still really really really
want to get a treat today because I was
supposed to film today and obviously I'm
not doing that anymore but I want to do
something and I feel like I really want
to get a tree because by the time we get
it it's gonna go to be Christmas and
we're gonna take it down I would be so
that actually should be home super soon
so maybe we can go do that update time
it is currently for weights p.m. and we
are on our way to go to get a Christmas
tree I was just feeling a little better
but I feel like if I just do nothing all
day that I'll be really sad that I did
nothing all day so and I also feel like
if I don't get it today then we're not
gonna get it to like the weekend and
then it'll be a week past when we should
have gotten it I'm really hoping they
have one that we like cuz if they don't
know I'm gonna be sad here we go let's
hope we can find a Chewie
we just got here I really hope I hope I
just hope there's not only like one
option and we don't love it you know
another option is we could always just
walk it ourselves like people do that oh
yeah
oh my god walk around pick out something
take pictures have a good time let me so
we're looking looking for some options
Ashley
I see John Murray I can see a Superboy
so ended up not getting a tree there I
just wasn't happy with any of the truth
I felt bad like a dollar because I
wanted to get one but I didn't like any
of them
did you like some I saw a couple and I
feel like if we flocked them they would
have been just fine I am but let's have
an adventure and let's find the perfect
one yeah so we're gonna check out a new
place and you know what whether we get a
tree tonight or whether we get a shoot
tomorrow at least we will have the one
that we want and the one that we loved I
like this one what kind is it what is
going on another Christmas tree place
and these ones look so good like I like
them so much better very excited I think
we just pick one out and then we didn't
they'll flock it because I definitely
want it flocked folks shut okay wait I
think we like this one oh my god we I
like it
oh my god we found our tree we found our
CH so oh my god so they're gonna flock
it and then I think they deliver it and
a day or two I got I'm so excited Oh
Mike
I'm so excited it's actually happening
now
this is like perfect and of course
because I'm so smart I actually forgot
it in this whole vlog so thank you guys
so much for watching this I'm so sorry
this vlog is all over the place I
promise like starting tomorrow we'll be
back to like the vlogs being lit okay I
love you guys and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with vlogmas day 7 yeah okay
love you guys bye night last night it's
the comfiest pillow am i right class
I'll be home babies so freaking cute
featuring Ashley's feet good morning
world I love my room you know lighting
is so much better this vid let's just
watch backward good night here it feels
so good I'm not even getting the tree
but I'm so excited this last one year is
like perfect
