hey guys we are currently about to go to
lunch with Tiffany um so it's gonna be
really fun
hey guys we are currently filming super
exciting I'm uploading tomorrow today's
Friday so tomorrow's Saturday
I'm gonna upload tomorrow and I'm
excited I'm filming the intro for it
right now
and hopefully in this lighting looks
good because we're filming at a
different time than normal but I'm
feeling I like it better than normal so
special thing huh let's on this intro
and get on with our day I'll do this so
I am extra excited for this video
because I kind of filmed it a while ago
and so today I have extra excited for
this video um actually filmed it a while
ago and I've just been really wanting
you guys to see it you think is good for
me and real so you should check that out
yeah um and you should also subscribe so
you don't miss out on any of my upcoming
videos um um and while you're at it
intro is done and now I'm going to edit
it and see if it looks okay because if
it doesn't look okay the next probably
refilm it like my awesome outfit I
always really like sweatpants or
whatever
Oh what I filmed like n chose because
it's so much comfier so I always just
like put on a cute top one of the pluses
to following my vlog channel you get to
see they're like behind the scenes you
know I mean my hands bugging me what is
my guess but I'm happy
oh that looks like poop oh it's a toy
just kidding good anyways I'm having
some tea there ain't no cheating
so um you guys step
here's crazy looks picks up currently
was just editing my intro for tomorrow I
think I finally found the perfect
lighting and setup and editing and like
now I love it I love this intro and if
every intro could look like this I would
be so happy okay it's kind of hard to
see because this lighting is like how
are you doing look at yes you totally
can't tell in the vlog as much as you'll
be able to tell when the video goes up
so please do me a huge favor and when
the video goes live leave a comment or
something if you like the intro like
lighting and setup and stuff and now we
are going to help Ashley film our roles
are changing hey Chloe can you love me
hi Bea oh don't you love her little bow
thank you Oh
see huh yeah hi to all your club abies
ah what do people oh you little sassy
pants
she's so sassy now trying to find a good
setup for Ashley yeah that helps a lot
didn't say car you always the background
looking so cute in my engine it's like
there's just a little like black blob
just like moving around my channel
because I always announce it there in
the downbar what are you doing I would
kill you
you've got my hair so humid short hair
like not when you we should just we
should just do it it's cut it right what
would you do if I like like what if I
was just like you but what would you do
if I actually was like down with it and
I was like oh yeah go for it like just
cut it right now I would um maybe watch
a YouTube video ha ha ha I just have it
short all the time I kind of like
elementary school no middle school I
kind of looks bad looks like I see you
this soon yeah
do you I think I look cute right here
absolutely like here yeah so I mean are
shorter
I think manner and people look good ok
this piece needs to go back like that
Yeah right over here ain't no I in team
Oh Chloe is sitting by Ashley's dork
should clean through it just like mom ad
Ashley need nothing
just made a bomb snack we have some
Greek yogurt with some granola and
bananas and peach and I'm excited to eat
this oh oh update time so for the past
maybe two hours hour and a half to two
hours I have been cleaning my room
because it was much much needed really
badly much needed and what's funny is
the average person looking at my room
now would say that it's messy but to me
it's really really clean it was way
worse before so that's what I've been
doing and yeah pretty proud of myself
now I have a huge pile of giveaway
clothes and a huge trash pile that I
just need to like get out also realize
that I am out of hangers which means
that I've been shopping too much cuz
every time I run out of hangers that
means I'm buying too much clothes I mean
I could just buy more hangers but we all
know that's probably not the wisest
situation so that's why I have a huge
pile to give away a clothes to give away
yes let's finish cleaning
you
and my room is clean which is so
exciting the only thing that's kind of
random is this box but it's actually a
giveaway prize that's getting shipped
out super soon so I figured I'd just
leave it there for now so excited
definitely been a while my room was this
clean yay I'm so excited I'm really bad
at singing my room like really really
bad I know some people think they're bad
but they're not like I'm really really
bad like it's more dirty than clean ever
like it's rare for it to be clean so
that's really done but I'm gonna try my
hardest to keep it clean we'll see how
long that lasts
hey guys so I was actually sitting here
editing at this vlog and I edited all
the way up until put your two currently
watching Ashlee's also editing and we
are watching friends and we're just
chillin currently 1109 kind of late yeah
and we have to package stuff for
tomorrow too so that's what we're doing
and I figured I would just say goodbye
right now while I was editing that way I
can export it and stuff so I love you
guys so so so so much and I will see you
guys hopefully tomorrow with new but not
Robin I don't know I'm also your 50 with
new blog I love you guys and yeah fine
