good morning guys it is currently 1206
if you're wondering I'm drinking some
green drank it's actually the naked
juice green machine and this stuff is so
good it's green so it looks like it
tastes nasty but it tastes really good
currently drinking that day an exciting
day why is it an exciting day we're
currently filming we've actually we're
doing pretty good we're doing pretty
good it makes me happy and I'm filming
one of my favorite videos ever which I
don't know if you can guess what it is
but you might be able to guess what it
is I mean my my PJs are in PJs by the
way can we have a PJ appreciation moment
messy hair don't care
heck yes this thing is amazing basically
sums up my life right now
super weird but there's TV the TVs
playing that's such a weird concept to
add if you haven't been watching my
vlogs recently we got cable for the
first time in like 10 years and it feels
weird like we're actually having the
news play because we're just not we're
not used to the news but sounds really
weird we sound really old - I like the
news so yes that's going on we're
meeting up with them one of Ashley's old
friends later and we're getting sushi so
I'm very very excited because of this
maybe that's why today's just such a
great day Kate like a right day so yeah
we're just gonna finish filming trying
to get as much done as we can
Lego and we are filming yeah let's get
it trying to find it the best angle to
film this with Chloe give your peep this
is like one of her favorite toys in the
world
this is peep it's a toy don't worry it's
not an actual people no that's how I
sleep as you should feel my morning
routine and upload at the same time yeah
I mean this isn't going up for another
week then right now we are currently
trying to make a very cute kitchen only
a lot of a very non cute kitchen only
vlog subscribers get to know that like
that we like make everything try to look
cute yeah and there's dishes over here
but then the section we're filming is
law anymore or the section we're filming
is nice now okay so currently on the
coffee portion of it because let's be
real coffees a very important part of my
morning our team also I'm going to
actually include the clip of the vlog
that I got for the morning routine so I
figured you guys would like to see it
because it's going to be like in the
video and stuff so hey guys so it's in
what's today I never know today it's
really early and I'm making some coffee
right now cuz coffee is BAE as you guys
know does that not look so beautiful
right now oh my gosh PS this is our
favorite creamer like ever you guys need
to try it if you're into creamer for
your coffee also a fun fact
I got Ava hooked on this and she like
loves it now so best stuff you guys
should get it no money is named Chloe
why are you so cute that's good bye like
over you double stuff black and white
like a ninja ninja Chlo p'nay khlomoney
yeah that's right I take a bag because
I'm a new face oh boy turn up hi Chloe
oh you oh em gee is this angle down
so what's going on here we are about to
film my makeup part of the video
normally you're like all viewers know I
always sit and do my makeup like in
front of the mirror out there but it's
really dark and really ugly looking so
I'm doing it to your friend okay then
secret things that you get to know and
you are a blog newer vehicle our viewers
are cool okay a my vlog be ready for
this she's kind of hot though
yeah she's kind of hot though
Oh out of my head she's kind of hot
though who else loves the five seconds
of summer
let me know the comments cuz if so we're
bout to bond over that right now thank
you Dan he's got a shot
I was a recording ah
so um filming is done for today which is
really exciting I believe we have about
half of the morning routine done so
probably going to finish filming that
tomorrow yeah tomorrow Tara tubby step
it cool and yeah I'm really excited and
now we're going to kind of clean up
because my room has turned into a whole
filming set and then we about to get
some sushi I'm so excited
so excited so so yes what's going on ash
oh you know did my hair I never oh no my
nose player we found out Ashlee's nose
pliers when she was like an
uncontrollable when I smile apparently
I'm just like what up guys and now we
are actually much and I'm so kinda rigid
here are you excited
thank you always a beauty good lady
I would show you what I have but it's
kind of good
okay so sushi was so bomb and we are
currently on our way to earth and I
think we're gonna get some tea and
coffee or something and Chris has never
been it's a first for sure bitch guys
for me so if you couldn't tell from the
magical desert wall we are at earth cafe
now getting some dessert it's just been
a food day but a great food day I got
the vegan chocolate cake
this thing is so good I'm not even vegan
but I like this chocolate cake way
better than the other chocolate like
their actual chocolate cake here I don't
know why it's just so so good it's like
really rich though I will work it yes I
ordered a honey vanilla latte but taking
a while to get here kind of like in the
back corner so I'm wondering if they
distill - yeah behind the scenes of a
snapchat Instagram that's dirt
oh honey vanilla latte with the key okay
now we have people like this table isn't
this hmm hey guys so we're back home now
and is currently 9:21 p.m. and I'm kind
of bummed because I had that Q&A that I
wanted to get up today and I feel like
it's not going to get up tonight
currently editing at the morning routine
that we filmed today and just playing
with the coloring and stuff I do you
want cm a sneak peak maybe of the video
it's nowhere even near dead well show
you some of the shots that we got this
is definitely my favorite part which is
the coffee touch to the beginning yeah
whoo whoo so I'm going to go to bed it's
not like that's currently 10:40 - it's
almost 11:00 and I'm going to go to bed
that way tomorrow can hopefully be a
very productive day I love you guys so
so so so much
and I will see you guys next time with a
new blog and oh yeah bye
