hey guys so today is so today is Tuesday
you're getting ready to go out the door
do some errands currently 11:41 that my
dad is visiting and we're just hanging
out so I think we're gonna go get some
lunch right now so yeah I was like
should i blog today and I was like yeah
I totally should've bought today because
why not
what is this I gave my hair it always
says this like
they just like to stick out all the time
so we are getting a Lucille's for lunch
super super excited if you guys have not
been here and amazement and to grab my
parking because literally it took like
20 minutes okay I think I'm gonna get
the barbecue at lunch flattered not sure
exactly what I'm going to get here yet
but this thing is so bomb Viva
unsweetened peach tea and it's the best
better than all garden - you can smooth
look it's hard to find a good volunteer
flavored peachy awesome yeah so I got
some ribs and some sweet chili fries
these things are so good and it I
accidently I was pouring with a barbecue
sauce and it like went everywhere what
up i excite about your team
so just that's fine it was bold right
now but oh my gosh you guys got hurt
like bold eyebrows I'm gonna fix this
for sure they are on fleek I get my
eyebrows threaded it hurts a lot more
than getting them waxed but I feel like
it works better because you get out the
whole hairball oh yeah I don't know I
feel like it's better more precise I
guess you could say that's how I get my
eyebrows on fleek although I will say
normally I get them done and then all
like clean them up myself like tweeze
them and stuff it dude this looks really
bad oh no I need to fix that like ASAP
okay so now I'm redrawing my eyebrows
and yeah I use the Anastasia brow Wiz
I've been using this lately love it
that's it I've been doing is from Arab
hostel it's actually from funny enough
it's from The Pretty Little Liars
collection this was like Emily I want to
say and then I'm wearing this dress
that's from forever 21 and it was like
ten dollars it was like the cheapest
thing ever I loved it and then I was
just wearing my black bands but I'm
gonna bring them now and then I lazily
just put my hair up in a ponytail
because okay let's put this together so
I can watch Pretty Little Liars tonight
we finally have like a big remote drink
it's empty
because the crystal white tea is amazed
nests and trying to figure out how to
put all this together we have to put the
cable box / DVR connected to the TV are
we doing that with little help
I am come on khlo let's help easy
connect good oh this is for the modem
are we sitting that up right now - oh
you have - okay I'll work on that
you modem so many cords so many things
so many instructions we called our cable
provider earlier today asking if if we
like set it up now and we gotten
ourselves and installed it could it be
SA and they said yes turns out that we
good night unless there was some
communication which I'm not long story
short communication so we decided to
install herself because they couldn't
have someone come up cool car block
three shorts now they're telling us that
like it can't go side a we're sad if not
we're gonna go over to counter Karen
probably oh the reason why we got this
is so we made a snack of some apple and
Wow redo that I made its neck having
some apples with caramel aka caramel
apples because daibei and I love caramel
apples Chloe when you get you a placemat
look at this table is not working today
so I we basically bought that for
nothing I mean not for nothing like
it'll come in handy later like we've
been meaning to do it can't use it
tonight so it cat was super nice that
she's letting us come over at the last
season finale I was with Ava and I
watched out her apartment and we filmed
our reaction so I'm gonna do that again
tonight so that'll be a separate blog
you'll probably see it before or it'll
be around that some time this video goes
up I told you guys that I normally watch
pretty little or we normally watch poor
liars I'm like Hulu and stuff but you
can't watch it until the next day that
it airs and I really really want to
watch this tonight I literally had to
turn my phone off because I cannot go on
twitter facebook Instagram like I didn't
want this to be ruined for me if you're
not realize right now you're probably so
annoyed we're seeing all this around
every everything I'm
all the clothes we got I am ready I'm so
ready
if 7:24 show starts at 8:00 so we are
cat cow we are going to watch this
season so we're all really excited but I
will say I'm going to end this vlog here
sorry if it was a little short but it's
because I'm gonna do a whole separate
vlog of our reactions watching the
finale so yeah so yeah here we go
bye
