hey guys obviously I'm back at my
apartment if you weren't watching my
past few vlogs I was in LA at Mia's I
ended up coming back here really really
late last night and I also apologize I
did not upload yesterday I was looking
over all the footage that I got and it
was maybe like four minutes and it
wasn't even anything interesting
actually just yesterday is awesomest TV
completely like forgot to vlog so it was
a very like it was just not fun footage
so I literally had like no footage
yesterday so I figured I would just skip
a day and and yeah but yeah anyways I
ended up coming back here really late
last night felt so good to sleep in
because I've been really tired lately
honestly slept until like almost 12:00
it was bad it's really bad I'm currently
getting ready because we have some
filming today what you doing I'm editing
finally a vlog finally yes this is a
very long process trying to edit this
vlog purple channel will be in the
description box
go check it out go check Murr oh and
look at this associate I got a package
from cleaning here this morning it's an
emoji backpack is it's not legit is this
not one of the closings that you have
ever seen and then they said some
goodies like your face wash and agenda
so I'm like back-to-school stuff thump
and like oh it was so sweet so thank you
clean and clear that was really sweet of
you so I'm currently going to get ready
however I left my makeup at Mia's house
so that happened
somebody is Ashley's but I actually am
going back to me and OH
Cory's joy I actually am going back to
me as tonight so it's like not a big
deal but yeah just yeah so I'm going to
sit here on the floor and do my makeup
okay let's do this look hashtag full
office ready 1 2 3 oh yeah done this is
the look cuz that's we went to post
today aka my everyday look just using
Ashley's makeup product ash them into a
concert
she's editing her blog she's jason
Derulo's dancers a mystery ok so we are
currently about to film my intro for my
school morning routine which is exciting
I have a full like behind the scenes
vlog of that you guys didn't see that
you should watch it so we're finishing
up filming it today and I'm
film the intro fun fact I always say on
pillows when I film so that way I can be
a little taller because that way it
works better with the camera angle and
stuff so you wouldn't know that unless
you watched my blog ash can you please
log for me thanks so today I'm going to
be um so today I have an exciting video
for you and that would be what can I say
oh yeah cool oh yeah come here
noe in the video flow Holly
anyways today is my school um anyways
today I have another morning routine for
you and it is my school morning routine
which I love watching these Rinker
optima having some raspberry tea my
crystal white tea it's amazing I love it
Allah who do it one here so he filmed
the intro and it turned out really well
I was happy with the lighting and stuff
and now we're two went to film the last
few shots of this video and I'm really
excited to get it done mmm this is extra
good public cuz I haven't had it a few
days it's like I look like I have no
eyebrows today Hey look that's me
we be filming huh whoa what do you do a
little one are you just hanging with us
today so we are currently filming trying
to find a good angle of my jacket oh hey
oh hey mu B I love you I got you I'm so
jealous
Ashley's hair to Gordon Disneyland
tonight and I'm not really good and the
all Kings clothes takes Khloe negative
oh my gosh hi hi someone to play huh
someone wants to play so update time
three times is it is currently at 6:10
p.m. it does not even feel like that I
got such a late starting today it
honestly feels like it's like three or
four maybe and no it's like six but yeah
anyways Ashley enterin left for
Disneyland I'm so sad I didn't go in
then so I've just been editing here this
week's video and I'm like so tired guys
and I already had coffee today honestly
though I could probably chicken half
right now if I really wanted to anyways
I guess I can show you guys a little
sneak peek of this video if you want to
see that oh no no what oh I do why I'm
tired that's like three nights I've gone
to bed at like two or three and then
having to wake up early
it's okay to stay up late if you get to
sleep in the next day but if you have to
get up early it sucks I don't know
really no I don't I don't know it's
really up to you guys with I think I'm
gonna like watch TV or something and
just chill what sounds really nice right
now maybe I'll work on like my thumbnail
or something
I like business we are current
getting some donut Ivan had that one my
gosh we literally just ask anyway pretty
night donut run hi California they're so
cute
we're with Ava and Mickey and Mia
yeah I got a dozen Californians easy
we're just like bumming it right now
midnight donut run so we're literally
sitting here the parking lot eating
service this is so epic we could make
this a thing guys literal I'm always
trying to be a really fresh baby because
it's like
hi I know you I'm wait who's that work
you're so good yeah Oh
who needs a lover hey guys step as you
can tell I'm back at Mia's place because
I took shower and uh yeah obviously to
start editing this blog and realize I
haven't updated you guys in a while
Donuts was awesome and fun and random
and spontaneous yeah I just want to
start editing this and I look very cute
right now
hey guys so I just finished editing
basically all this vlog so I just want
to end it and also tomorrow we are
filming a really exciting project it's
actually our tour which you guys know
about you didn't know I am going on tour
so I'm going to have the link before you
can get all of the tickets in the
description box we're gonna be filming a
whole bunch of stuff for that tomorrow
so hopefully I can vlog but I'm sure
I'll be able to but yeah anyways I love
you guys so so so so much and I will see
you tomorrow bye
