hey guys so J is Owens day Thursday hey
Thursday I never know a date is a little
later in the day it's like two something
and as you can see I do showers and my
hair is like totally wet and stuff I was
on the phone
literally all morning with Apple because
of my computer you guys on yesterday's
vlog you would know that I have I've
been having trouble with it for like the
past week ish and I just like can't move
files around I can't edit except for
like my big videos I think I figured it
out on my own however I think I found a
solution I'm a hard drive that is messed
up so for instance I think it's just
this not first I was freaking out
thinking oh my gosh if this is dead like
I can't get anything off of it then I
remembered that I still had the footage
on my memory card that I needed and the
video wasn't even that edited really
that was on here I'm pretty sure I'm I
can just re-edit the video though
anyways I'm just rambling about that but
anyways also yesterday's vlog just now
when UPS uploaded you guys are
commenting at everyone think hashtag
prayed for glory which makes me so
excited the only thing she doesn't like
is when we have to give her her medicine
because we have to it's like it tastes
bad I'm sure it does get rather he is
there she is glowy hi are you feeling
better
no yeah so yeah right now I'm just going
to finish getting ready because
obviously I have no makeup on and my
hair is in a wet not basically this is
one hand
so I can turn to screams you guys know
maybe you don't know reasonably my mom
have I been going Starbucks so I've been
really good and I was trying it's not
like I guess save money and like I
didn't need it every day I mean I needed
it every day I mean I loved it every day
I don't know I thought it was just a
good idea to save money you know trying
to eat a little healthier and it's been
like how long has four days it's been
like four days without getting any
Starbucks and today Ashley never really
debating getting some we've gone such a
long time that's not such a long time
but you know what I mean you know what
I'm we went on our way who else does
this face we need you okay I heard it
relaxes your face that's not like we
just do it naturally film makeup is done
and I send you my hair I think let it
kind of finish air drying though for a
bit let's go see what Ashley just oh hi
Ashley what are you doing oh hi guys I'm
currently doing my hair hi pony you calm
she complimented me the other day and
was like you look so good time yesterday
and I was like you know what I'm gonna
do another pony
so in fact I didn't wash my hair last
night so that's why I'm doing another
pony I never got one forward of the day
to do that email blow-dry my hair that
we can just be straight or something you
look good with straight hair and she
never does her hair straight you know
why because curling hair even if it's
like messy halfway through the day like
it looks cute messy straight hair like
doesn't look cute - like straight hair
does you just have to bring a brush with
you update we are taking a celebratory
2-million picture can we probably got
the balloon you can also hear Chloe in
the background barking
oh the m zu ber there it's a different
shape I think I can edit it to like the
best thing to do is this we are taking a
photo shoot with V to do balloons I had
to order them because we don't have it
like anywhere right here think we got
some pictures think we got them yeah you
like yeah platings real nice sunny right
now look at that
I do a million guys next will be the
next time you kiss cut out only three
that's pretty well to treat blood
takeover haven't done this in a while
since I got a vlog channel I'm go check
it out okay mm-hmm and I'm sure busting
you guys Neil but it is official as of
today because I got my own URL he's a
real deal thing so go check out Ashley
Nicole vlogs boom shout out there we go
and I lot of takeovers was teryn is like
our thing on Alicia's Channel and we
haven't done it in a while it's about
time you're welcome everybody so we're
getting what we're getting coffee
reunited and it feels so good it has
been how long
thank you okay guys okay so someone
commented and one of my blogs was like
it's not a vlog unless Taryn or
Starbucks isn't it
you
I believe dinner is next focus okay
super hungry
like starving I've been editing like on
a roll editing that's like oh please mom
oh please please I won't bark I promise
it won't fire so we decided to come to
ramen because it sounded really good and
yeah the shadows like this lighting
actually everything about this is just
but if you could smell real gum but
we're doing and yeah let's count how
many students do but do we want the
number two thing oh no ring my ring
today I knew something was wrong with my
life so I'm gonna get the chicken brats
without the chickens guess you got ramen
and guess what is boom so good can we
give a shout out to me
um it looks so bomb very very bomb so
I'm
bye-bye you know why we say five just
because they won't go line dancing to be
wearing a fight
so worried tumbling freewheeling share
this whole new
ready
what up own let's go we should go
that is so cute babe no that's super
cute I love like Jersey looking things
that's a Targa have some cute clothes
now this note this particular t-shirt
section the graphics I have been buying
they're super cute
save up five seconds boomers will be I'm
singing Disney songs into again really
late at night I want the pineapple shirt
I really actually want PJ's like this
though like I think they look so comfy
it's pretty ass Ashley's been wanting
these towels for like a week two weeks
that's all she's been talking about are
these bath towels for parties there's
the prettiest color yeah they're like a
periwinkle like my shirt kind of this
little more blue though they don't have
little clean
boom Chicka the other ones are good
though the other ones are good
we don't get kettle corn I'm gonna end
up getting cookies and what happens in
our she gets cookies she eat bowls this
is what happens when target is out of
boom to the pump what are you doing
good this stuff is so good I might get
some I'm getting um and we found some of
these lights which are super super cute
what about the living room we can just
like deck it out you guys we made some
good and I'm wearing my new robe that I
got from Target and oh this is real nice
movie was so good
anyways I'm I just wanted to say goodbye
I love you guys so so so so much
together
