hey guys so wait what's today today's
Tuesday
today's Tuesday August 4th
I believe hope I got that right and say
is a comfy day as you can tell I am
basically some my PJs I threw on
Ashley's cardigan I didn't even do my
hair like I slept with in a bun and you
know why it kind of turned out decent
like it looks like I kind of girl this
sometimes that happens and sometimes it
comes out looking real jank so I can
like never know when I sleep with it in
a bun if it's gonna like look good the
next time but it looks decent so I don't
think I'm even gonna like do much to it
because hashtag no heat for the win whoo
anyways you know what is awesome I'm
actually like kind of ahead with videos
and stuff so today is more of a chill
day than like originally planned but
even what we're filming today is like
not even like it's like not even that
much um so that's pretty awesome but
yeah I realize I haven't blogged at all
today so I wanted to vlog it's currently
like two something and I ended up load
yes upload I edited and uploaded
yesterday's vlog this morning's I'm
rescinding you she was like weird I'm
like this uh box wasn't working but now
it is so go watch it and yeah a she's
not feeling too well today and I am
craving sushi that's basically our day
I've been craving sushi really bad
someone doesn't want to go get it
just went grocery shopping and we have
tons of groceries here but I want sushi
actually can't make sushi what are you
oh and guys I don't know what's wrong
with khlomoney she's not eating her food
we don't know why why are you eating so
of course like we're like trying not to
freak out like nothing's wrong I don't
think she's sick honestly honestly she's
a very picky prissy
sassy dog as you guys can tell I think
she's just being picky like the past
month she hasn't been getting as excited
to eat her food like we used to always
make her spin and give us a high-five
and like she's like not even wanting to
do that for like probably the past
couple weeks or a month I don't see it
was the first day we're like we put down
our food and she didn't even touch it
for like two hours and it's like halfway
gone now but like it's not even gone one
before she used to eat it all in like
ten seconds at first I thought like oh
maybe she's like not feeling good but
this morning she was so playful she was
trying to get us to play with her so she
wasn't like
not feeling well so I looked it up and
there was a lot of articles about like
Maltese cuz she's a mall she so she's a
Maltese and his Shih Tzu there was a lot
of articles that I read saying that
Maltese is can like get really just
picky in there like they want yummy
tasting food and you have to I don't
know so are you okay I don't think we
have to go to the vet or anything yet do
you not feel good oh yeah oh yeah and
then any time people walk by she's like
barking at them like crazy so we'll have
to keep an eye on her you look pretty
also I am currently editing and like I
mentioned I'm like a head of things so
like this video isn't even for this week
I'm like so prepared right now I'm just
like really happy so I'm editing that
and I don't know maybe but if honestly
if I can get it done what do you guys
think I don't know should I try to get
like two videos up one week or did you
guys really like to like scheduled one a
week type Celia I don't know we'll see
knowing might love like I'm ahead now
but then next week I have to be like I
have to like be ahead oh my gosh I
didn't even how are you guys tonight huh
I don't think I told them the tour I
don't I don't think I told you guys so
um this is like we got it all situated
for this big announcement
huge huge announcement I'm going on tour
I can't believe I guess I forgot to
mention it on my vlog Channel it's all
over Twitter all over Instagram so like
I'm sure most of you guys already know
about it I'm going on tour this fall to
20 cities all over the country and I am
so excited
I'm doing it with Ava Mia Meredith and
Megan and it's just it's going to be so
much fun it's called girls night and I'm
gonna have the link to where you can buy
tickets in the description box of this
video I am so excited we're going full
out it's a salon show we're having tour
bus it like we it's going to be crazy so
I'm really excited to vlog and just for
all that to happen in stuff so basically
I'm gonna be gone for like a month which
honestly makes me so sad because of
Chloe and Ashley I'm like I don't want
to leave you guys for a month like
that's way too long but because
that I have to pre-film like three or
four videos because of that I feel like
maybe I shouldn't upload twice in one
week so I can just like get ahead for
when I'm gonna be gone because I'm gonna
need to like crazy pre-fill and stuff so
oh hi guys I'm doing guys - er I'm going
on I'm going to her casual casual hey
Chloe hi Kelly
love you okay so fun fact I have been
obsessed with this tea it's amazing set
first of all let me show you I went to
Palm Springs with Tara and her family
her mom had at this tea and we loved it
we've never really had it before so I
don't know if I'm just like late on this
or if it's like something that not many
people have tried I don't know it's the
crystal like peach mango green tea this
stuff is so good
and then we also have the raspberry
version and I we tried both of these in
Palm Springs and they were so so good so
right now we made any peach mango and as
you can tell it's gone I think we made
this like two days ago and it's only
ashen on a obviously living here so that
says a lot but yeah this stuff is a
favor
I am currently getting a snack behind
chicken some brown rice and some almond
and pretty good I realized oh let me
trim I realize that I don't really show
you guys too much of what I eat like at
home like obviously any time I go out
see and I would show you what I get like
what yeah home is just kind of boring
oh really show you well no maybe I'll
start showing you what I'm eating
throughout the day
I've got interesting I don't know if
that's interesting honestly I don't even
feel like my life is interesting but
obviously you guys think so
could you watch my blog it's like for
instance really think about it right now
I have a home in complete PJs drinking
tea and eating chicken and how is that
interesting latest right almond let's
see if I can do this okay so back to you
editing oh good
sorry I kept eating that's really rude
I'm sorry guys probably gonna Skype
Nicki in a little bit and we got this
got this hey so guess who I'm with
bogging and through sky okay and we're
planning some really exciting things
yeah so I had to see you guys I miss you
so much big things happening and get
excited guys so we've been talking for a
while we always talk so much Janna
speaking of I really want to do like
next time we're together like a live
chat with everyone when Debbie is so
much fun like I'm too nervous to do one
by myself I always want to do with
friends so next time will you guys come
out we get dude yes Ashley is still here
I think noe is still here cause like
screams you just watched clueless and
now weekly blonde yeah like total girl
night so yellow we have been I wonder
why I don't know okay well we're I'm a
Disney kid yeah oh yeah yeah I'm a
parent hey what's um what's your
instagram my instagram is Taryn Renee
and what's the old snapchat hearing it
up I love that saying it up thank you
guys should go follow her dance cool do
it do it do it do it but she be tearing
it up so we are currently watching
Breakfast at Tiffany's and yeah yeah
maybe is so cute I absolutely love it
here in left a while ago and we've been
watching movies all night oh my gosh
watch clueless Legally Blonde and
Breakfast at Tiffany's act like it's
just like a girl's movie night we have
some popcorn not gonna pop but it's
still pretty good
okay guys so I'm gonna go to bed I hope
that you like today it's a blog and and
yeah we'll see you tomorrow
and I
I just I'm just rambling also can we
take a note that I have been in my PJs
all day and now I'm going to bed I feel
like I should change my PJs just so it
feels like a you know not been a
complete hobo today I think I'll see you
tomorrow and love you and yeah bye
