good morning guys what is up what is up
and welcome to welcome to vlogmas day
which is crazy I already got up today's
vlog which is really exciting because
you know what like gotta be all about
that vlog game though so what time is it
it is currently 10 let's lower that
brightness a little bit let's raise that
brightness a little bit down
10:57 am literally woke up to like a
million fires in Southern California and
I'm not kidding you guys like this is
crazy
whoa I almost died so our pool sent out
that our pool was cleaned yesterday and
look at how much like dirt and ash and
just craziness is in the pool wait can
you even just please something you can
see this look at this this is disgusting
this is all from the fires crazy it's
like so sad so that's a thing
good morning okay now she literally
slept on his pillow all night last night
it's the comfiest pillow am i right club
I'll be pulling beans so freaking kit
featuring Ashley's feet you know you
have moments where just like like it's
coming together so my bed have all the
decor I need to clean up all of this
let's do that right now because it's
very messy and it's been bugging me oh
my god it's so much better
it hasn't been clean in like weeks oh I
still talking to you I forgot about that
I think it's my car I got a stocking
it's green oh no my battery's flashing
Frick okay so plans for the day I'm
gonna actually head over to Mia's we're
gonna get her Christmas tree and then
tonight we're going to the Mack Patrick
star event I'm really excited I'm so
proud of him I love him he's amazing and
I think that's like so awesome if he's
gonna clap with them and stuff so we're
gonna go to that so yeah I think I'm
gonna head out let's go I can't why you
and Chloe need to have a playdate soon
buddy what is up you guys update time so
just got to me as we're gonna head out
and go get a Christmas tree her I'm
really excited I'm not if not even the
one getting the tree and I'm excited
where are we going bucks bucks bucks
how are you so excited the lighting is
so much better that's it let's just walk
backward could you write a message on it
VL og mas so vlogmas day five we got the
goods wait for it blog missed a five you
guys we just got here it smells so good
I'm not even getting the tree but I'm so
excited
this last year is like perfect literally
that's what I want our tree to look like
wait I'm gonna send a picture to Ashley
okay one two three
I like it that's not getting what I
wanted to look like it but wait there's
like different kinds I need to learn the
different kinds picking out a cherry you
this is so fun it's like I'm in a forest
obviously they have a really good trees
here I feel like all of them like could
work we're trudging through the trees
they got a tree sorry I love it I want
to see like a winter wonderland of
goodness I found the trilled on the tree
but I found what I want the tree to look
like we got the good time amia reporting
Alisha is actually sick I think she has
food poisoning it she ended up throwing
up he's actually been sick for the past
six hours so I figured I would update
you she's not doing too well hey guys
update time so it's currently 916 p.m.
clearly we did not go to the event
tonight with Patrick yo I don't know
what happened but I was so sick and I
haven't been sick like this in so long
so luckily Mia was was there to take
care of me deserve it no you like drove
me over here you got me pepto-bismol fed
me you betta baby anyways sorry this is
all get short but I figured you guys
would understand will hopefully be good
tomorrow I'm just gonna sit here and
watch some friends yeah anyways I'll see
you guys later with you tomorrow dogmas
day six turn okay I love you guys bye of
loves it and we also got this
centerpieces stop stick off the tax cut
finally looks so much better than it did
this
oh so we got a package from tart
Oh hard thank you so much this looks
really cool oh go ahead
