hey guys so I'm going to be doing a
pretty little liars reaction to these
season six finale which is it game over
Charles so it's very exciting
um we are going to watch it also there
will will will be spoilers in this
entire video so I would suggest watching
the episode first before you watch this
unless you don't care and you just want
to figure out everything
- can't keep a secret it's one hahaha
we're on the mom they're like stuck
that's you oh my god no Jason forget by
that unless a is Bill Gates gonna find
out how can she afford all this I don't
trust her I do not trust her it's like
she's red coat or something she's in she
like London's number oh he dropped him
in there yeah she's like my eye and she
gave me my don't like her and to not
like her
gave the code let the monk in and they
don't like me yo oh no no no he's not
dad for family I knew it I do that I
told you why should I go creaky I knew
she was an actor guarantee that's creepy
jism that is creepy her dad talked about
this river oh yeah
the to yell addressed I told you it was
terrible jokes and that's why mrs. D
covered it up because it was mmm oh she
that's why it went up oh yeah oh gee
mother to Red Hood black widow that's
why she's telling us a story that's how
she's gonna end it
I'm Jason um Jason DeLaurentis oh it's
so weird we're never gonna that's when
they liked us tonight
yeah and then she was like why'd you do
this
yeah I called it oh my god oh my god ha
ha I've been sending Ali threats I
didn't want to hurt her I just wanted to
see Mona killed Bedouin did wait where
did that come from yard in the shovel
was right there it all happened so fast
I was never in Rosewood tonight Wilden
we went we were there we were there we
were there I was at that house oh I
wouldn't WB story we saw the whole set
of pretty lies amazing I was not
backyard I saw the barn about everything
so why'd she even target the girls
though she were alive you'd show up if
the girls were in trouble I'm losing you
Mona busy you saw the body right
howdy bilkins dead oh that girl I don't
like her Hildy Oh God Spencer
I'm sorry hon we came back here for you
are you kidding me
okay so we're home now it's been awhile
I've had time to process everything
about this episode one very happy with
how they played it out like really happy
I think like my main fear was that it
wouldn't make sense and then like they
leave so much information out and I feel
like for filling in the gaps they filled
in a lot of stuff
I loved the like flashbacks to like CC
when she was dating Jason totally forgot
about that
everyone did yeah and it wasn't as like
suspenseful or shocking I feel like as
last season finale when we found out
about Charles and Mona was alive but
that was crazy the last reaction video I
feel like was more like I was job
obviously I was been crazy so overall I
did really liked it I was a little
disappointed what I was most
disappointed in was I feel like a lot of
the things that were revealed like for
instance Mona killing Bethenny all those
those tiny pieces I feel like the
writers could have done a better job by
like slowly bringing them in throughout
the whole season well then like why did
we not have to know that until the very
last episode I feel like it could have
been huge if we had known it earlier but
because you know we found out about
sushi and stuff yeah I feel like a lot
of things were like oh by the way this
happened when if it happened throughout
the season a splendid one a summer of
secrets yeah so hashtag summer of
secrets there was not much summer it was
more like I don't know I feel like
between the last finale and this finale
there really wasn't so much key secrets
I feel like from the like producers in
the show's perspective it would have
done them a lot better to like have
things introduced more to where like
honestly if I missed an episode yes I
would watch it but I wouldn't feel like
I missed that much information like I
know I wouldn't miss much but I wouldn't
miss the finale because I knew that
there would be a lot of stuff so I feel
like it would have been a lot better to
slowly introduce things like finding out
that Wilden was paid off or that you
know Bethenny really killed like I don't
know I feel like a lot of that stuff
could have been such big things to be
brought in and the whole CC thing could
have been this huge buildup at the last
finale and like boom you know what I
mean oh but if you guys saw my last
reaction video
I had everything figured out like I was
saying 95% the main thing we didn't have
figured out was that we actually thought
Jason and Charles were twins not so much
that Charles was older so we did get
that wrong and then we weren't exactly
sure how bouts be played out but you
didn't heed to watch the whole season to
figure it out you just had to watch the
finale to find out more about best thing
I will say it was really cool because we
had just gone on The WB tour has like
five huge moments yeah are we doing
Richard yeah we like we saw the set and
like we had just toured that so we saw
the entire set the whole transgender
thing totally called that I knew that
with a hundred precent eyelashes like
100% knows the game to tell me that for
a long I've known that I did I do that
guy oh and mrs. D got around she was
with Bethany's dad and then and then she
was also um what Spencer's dad because
that's for Jason and I'm married to mr.
D what do you guys think what are your
reactions whole ending of like five
years later they're coming for Alison I
feel like that's really lame I just I
feel like it's a bad sequel waiting to
happen you know like I don't know I
can't I don't know still gonna watch
next season I'm excited to see how they
tie it all together and yeah I will say
goodbye and yeah
