morning guys so um are you proud of me
or what it is actually decently early
for me it's like 8:40 yeah yeah first
time I've been up this early in a really
long time and it's Friday which is so
exciting today's actually an exciting
day well it's a really busy and exciting
day basically I have a meeting out in LA
all right I have a cot 12:00 and then a
meeting at 1:00 Ashley's busy at 10:00
so basically we had to wake up super
early to get the last-minute shots for
today's video pretty sure it's going up
today so I'm really excited for that but
I have to get some footage so I have
like an hour and a half to like get over
to footage which is a little stressful
but we got this so I'm like ready and
stuff been listening to you at Taylor
Swift all morning and after I ran and
got a Starbucks so this should be should
be good and leggo yeah yeah yo see what
we got going on out here thank you good
morning little one it's like why are we
up to
I really wouldn't yeah this is early
back to school supplies favorite thing
in the world okay so I was filming all
the close-ups for my haul and look who's
Chloe you're looking so cute being some
cute babe we're done here
and yeah hey guys so we are at school
and I'm getting a couple of shots those
things and like really quickly in
basically 10 minutes because Ashley has
to go it's like perfectly overcast today
which is par for lighting so I'm really
excited about that the way we can knock
this out and get it done okay so that
was like the quickest I've ever filmed
anything and I'm pretty sure we got it
like totally done which is awesome so
I'm going to go home and edit my dad is
here that's what's going on hey guys so
update time it's been a while I had a
phone call and I was in LA for a meeting
and I brought my camera I went to record
when I was there and had no card in
camera and I was like dang I left it in
my laptop so that we are currently
getting ready
with Karen and Ashley and sadly not
close so you can't go you what's this
it's all over your face her ears are wet
you can't go but it is your medicine
time oh oh yes are we excited probably
not
she doesn't like it got the second
coffee for today but I think I deserve
it because I've been up since like 7:00
something so boom much needed okay so
you're crazy
at Disney over almost the time we're
walking focus on my face it's so pretty
it's like green and volute wait for it
the sky's so blue the trees are so green
magic so throughout the night we're
gonna be playing lita presents Disney
did you know with Terrence Terrence is
not played with Lena a magical working o
TD top is from Topshop whales from
Topshop Ashley shorts are from Roxy and
my bands along with my Hopkins backpack
and my ears fun facts we got the shorts
here and last time we were here yes I
totally remember you should go get them
- the best shorts on the planet but do
you see it do you see it
magic way
oh it's just so pretty
give it to you
maybe
thank goodness it's so pretty
dr. school hey guys step at a time
I was clearer and they said they loved
my blog so I was like you gotta be the
boy yeah was your name at school yeah
yeah we're sorry we're going to knock
you back yeah apparently and the Disney
Store
this is so cute I want it I want it
come on hey guys so we're now home it's
so late and I'm really tired so I'm
gonna go to bed so Bob leash coffee and
she um is still sleeping coffee
zip it be this girl Exhibit C Konomi hi
could no e
hey guys so today is a Saturday this
morning uh it was really hard for me to
get up because we were out so it last
night with Disneyland stuff and I'm
still really tired and Neronian coffee
so I don't know I don't even know Taryn
- I went to Panera so I got my regular
salad as well as dif'rent take a chicken
panini and some green tea cuz it's
really really good and we're currently
on our way to UM the WB Studios actually
Cyrano it is exciting our friend
actually works here so she's gonna give
us um like a tour and stuff oh no one
corner and a bond okay I'm sorry we're
on a Warner okay guys so a little phone
because I flick film and meeting up
until now there we are we are we are
actually going we go
I just named something for done it's not
bad
we felt like the whole time paralyzed we
saw a level set of a big bank I actually
died I actually like wanted to cry I
think I almost cried we got gripped
indoors
yeah there was so much times wish we
could have vlog I took a million
pictures of so I'm going to insert the
pair you get to totally see them all
you
so apparently here this we put up the
set so it's like the actual set oh my
gosh I'm really happy that like I can
sell now oh my gosh oh we were there
with me
hey he's on the entire set for big day
I'm like I'm just staring at the
apartment Oh Blake had Sheldon oh my god
oh so I bet some viewers here like while
we were like it was funny we're in the
museum and it we just like the eye
contact we're like a so it was awesome
was he really there pretty little eyes
yeah liars I did you feel like part of
this room yeah I showed Argent's but
also meeting you know giggle I'm gonna
help ya like I just wanna be helped on
their head oh yeah I knew - like
everything every single thing else that
happened stepping out are you excited
yes what is seeing Charles I'm going I
can fill my reaction like I did last
time
you're like a ball good to do that why
otherwise I totally do whatever we said
hi and I will I totally will Ava okay
Taryn I'm gonna be
oh my god you have cups for you all to
kind of play around with your on you set
okay so this oh my gosh alright guys I
send them all to the winner
I'm Harry Potter broom the Quidditch
broom
what the heck
all the broom
you
ah Ashley can you the picture super
comfortable but about bang cook vlog
camera take our house you we're on the
tour and it's so much fun
because I mean I just would like to
thank Danielle for making this possible
names a lot actually I would like to
thank you for becoming my friend so that
we could be here together
Alicia I would like to thank you to be a
beautiful love you currently Alicia is
driving
we are besides going somewhere I don't
know where because Alicia will tell me
it's a surprise for those of you who
don't know I love surprises
I was just like saying some major change
roles right now Alicia's focused and
driving and quiet like I usually am but
I'm sitting here with a pawn camera
sipping my coffee just talking to you
guys
Hey
Oh
Oh
Hey
I'm gonna go to bed today was so so much
fun I'll be sure to insert all the
pictures that I took today at the WB
studio I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow and yeah bye
