good morning hey guys what is up today
we are filming some fun videos hi here
Ashley's here but first we have to go to
the base place three two one go into the
Facebook's the other very place
beginning of zombies yeah so are be
sipping on a coffee
yeah coffee company just are you may
give them weird weird word no I garbage
I hear lady soy vanilla latte but you
get a venti iced or caramel macchiato am
fighting back grande iced cutting up
Paula sorry sorry no go ahead put it put
right third i'm today for that is
beautiful of course added beautiful not
as very beautiful
we're too busy business
baby were the New Romantics
people in line for free baby so fix
bullet holes you say sorry just the show
you live like that you live we go and
baby now we go hey pause for dramatic
new teacher Taran yes class can you put
out of the day for us every day my hair
makeup these masses from Alicia this mu
mu / address my mother's closet and
let's watch sure it is I do nose in my
closet and oh okay
so we are filming a few scenes here at a
classroom teacher teacher Karen is a
teacher that's enough easy and um it
should be good go one and hello wall
camera takeover um right now we are in
my classroom leaders getting ready to
film a scene let's see how this goes I'm
feeling inspired she's locked out I
believe what the children say now is she
nailed it
video 2 cameras mean to me this one I
want it hurt my heart
you didn't really easily know yes Jamie
have you heard should we introduce my
brothers do you want introduce you
pursue this we have some extra today you
guys you want to shout out you're like
insert or something say hi what's up
don't be camera shy
I'm Brett this is Brett hey Bryan Daniel
10 the Maverick we're almost 1/2
shooting going cheating good you're
nailing it you're nailing it
I can't wait to see you as a mom I'm
gonna know can I just say I'm not really
their mom no I've been asked that twice
hello don't mind my awesome hair fun
fact after I curl it
I put a little hairspray I always like
to put it up in a bun so it can cool
that way and why don't you get up it's
like voluminous so that's what's going
on blow money pull money oh my oh my oh
my Klum you wouldn't do any khlomoney
woman we are about to film an intro for
this week's video I'm not sure when it's
going up it's the one that we filmed um
yesterday and I'm really excited for I
think it's to be really cool and funny
and stop bullets I don't know what it's
going up this weekend is VidCon so I'm
going there later today so it's gonna be
really crazy but I am determined to get
it done for you guys so yeah that's
what's going on film this got a pack
gotta go gonna be gonna be very hectic
today it is currently at 244 you can out
there at me and my rat farm 244 and it
is Thursday July 23rd let's see how how
this turned out ready ready
right what up boo boom slow-mo that yeah
okay cool I'm excited for this video
because it's a little different than how
normally I would normally do my videos
so much fun filming this so huge thank
you to Cara and Brett and Ryan for
helping me fill this video and actually
and Ashley and Ashley you can't forget
I'm not forget a sh okay so I'm all
packed up as you can see I'm and I'm
going to head over to the Anaheim
Convention Center boo but I'm sad
because I mean I'm not gonna be club for
a couple of days oh you are so pretty
hi pretty girl I'm boo-boo
I'm Amit okhla oh man I'm gonna miss you
but you're going to Palm Springs this
weekend so maybe you're not gonna baby
you're not gonna miss you can you try
yeah can you buy me Starbucks cooling
okay I'm here yeah Laurens here and a
busy assembly J sound more of a chill
day I feel like it's gonna be crazy
hectic tomorrow and Saturday mmm cool
breezy I'm excited for you guys to see
VidCon last year I've logged but I feel
like I forgot to vlog a couple days so
it wasn't like you know
so hopefully this year I'm better so um
so I just had a dinner with stylehaul
which was really good and is currently
834 and there's a party but I think I'm
going to stay in here and edit because I
honestly have so so much editing to do
it's all for this week's video which is
nowhere near being done so I just I
don't know I feel like tonight I'm just
going to stay chill I kind of have a
headache and I really don't know why
yeah so I think was to stay in tonight
and edit and stuff so I'll keep you guys
updated and whatnot
oh hello teacher Taryn I'll give you
guys a sneak peek you guys oh my gosh I
could see the fireworks from Disneyland
outside the window and I am having a
magical moment oh my gosh Oh guys you
know I am like Disney obsessed and it
kills me to be this close to Disneyland
and not be able to go I mean I guess I
could go but I kind of go by myself oh
my gosh students they literally stop the
second I come up here world of color is
right there and I am dying oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
I accept fireworks started you guys oh
my gosh oh my goodness I think I'm just
going to sit right here on the floor and
watch them for the next 15 minutes
