hey guys so um what's today Wednesday
believe it's Wednesday today has been a
little different than what we expected
okay if you saw yesterday's vlog then
you would know that Chloe was acting
really weird she wasn't eating her food
and we thought she was just being picky
she's like that like that's definitely
her personality that long story short
she ended up throwing up like all night
so really early Ashley took her to the
vet this morning so I'm gonna answer all
that now guys Chloe isn't feeling good
we were up all night throwing up and we
don't know what's wrong we're gonna take
her to the vet right now and see just
make sure that everything's okay but
because she was throwing up so much we
just want to make sure that she's okay
so ah we just want to make sure you're
okay we just wanna make sure
everything's okay and save my little
body okay cool
we're just waiting for the doctor now a
minute so she had an x-ray and got some
some medication and some shots and stuff
but she's doing better
so yeah the good news she's okay now
what what she checked what was - she has
a bacterial infection in her and her
intestine and the x-ray was so like cute
because she's so tight and I kept
telling Ashley like let me know if like
I want to go I wanted to go so I was
like can I like should I meet you there
liked wanting to be there or anything
she's like no you're fine I was like
that but I was sitting here like
freaking out basically it was like yeah
but she's good she's eating now they
gave her some medicine and stuff with a
little little heart attack yesterday we
needed oh poor baby and you know we
gotta give her a bath or something she's
eating so that's really good they gave
us some like wet canned food so she's
like scarfing that down right now she's
like really happy
you should eat her breakfast for her
dinner yesterday she had like a couple
bites of it but good news good news
she's good last night she like could
hardly sleep I could tell because she
was like lay up against my stomach and
then like two seconds sooner go down by
my feet two seconds later come up and
sit like on my pillow like she was like
all over the place and don't mind my
hair lovely I know I hate it when she
smells like
and thank you to all of the Mac babies
who tweeted cuz we have pretty fur
hashtag pray for glowy was going around
and she's feeling better
oh you're so dirty we need to give you a
bath Venera no we are currently at
Panera because period is on country
that's women role looks really bomb
touch chocolate croissant looks really
bone that Cherry Street yes yeah so I
got my usual the Mediterranean chicken
and quinoa salad with no olives and it
looked amazing this what you get a I've
got my Fuji chicken apple salad about so
that's our usual and Kailyn what did you
get I got black bean soup Caesar salad
ooh you got the chips can I try a trap
yeah we're walking out of Panera casual
guys we can't look at the same time and
I missed you so much
okay so yesterday's vlog is currently
uploading and it has about 20 30 minutes
until it's done I'm announcing that I'm
going on tour so if you haven't seen
that totally go watch it and currently
going to watch last night's episode of
Pretty Little Liars I'm so excited for
next week is the finale you guys you
guys I don't know if I can contain
myself right now
you guys yeah guys so I'm so excited we
finally get to figure out who Charles
slash a hashtag base base hashtag
everything so I'm really excited so
excited also everyone asks where I watch
Pretty Little Liars to catch up on I use
Hulu if it's like you have to pay for it
but honestly it's like totally worth it
you don't have cable at all whatsoever
so I know a lot of people are like how
do you live but like between Netflix
Hulu and YouTube like I am set for life
we're good but yes that's very watch
everything the episodes oh ha ha ha ha
and I have my raspberry tea that I told
you guys about yesterday uh-huh
I told you guys about yesterday so oh my
gosh Turin my hair is crazy German
now I was gonna tell I'm very
comfortable and I'm about to watch this
and I'll update you guys when it's over
okay so pretty little liars was really
good although like it it wasn't like
amazing good but like next I'm just
excited for next week I'm so excited for
next week wall gets up watch that and we
are currently at the mall because I have
an Apple appointment to fix my computer
you do not know what's wrong with it and
hopefully they can fix it and super slow
and I like haven't been able to edit all
week so like mer walkthrough okay but
like main channel videos are just not
happening so hopefully we can get it
fixed
and yeah so good news bad news the good
news is I stink the problem can be
solved bad news is it didn't get home
and I have to kind of do it on my own I
have to go home and like transfer a
whole bunch of things and I always like
I know I think it was just my external
hard drive but not my computer which is
good currently in See's candy hopeful oh
snap we got these candy every well
chocolate pieces are my weakness
feel better
I already and because of chocolate
I keep getting looks of like having a
computer and I'm like oh yeah APIs or
prop right always right when you come on
here chin in its right case we're back
home and I'm currently trying to
transfer a whole bunch of files onto my
new external hard drive so cross your
fingers that this works because if it
doesn't I might just cry along very
short if I can't get the files off of my
old hard drive I basically lose like two
videos may surprise you guys guys Ross
your fingers also took this snapshot
earlier so you guys should totally add
me on snapchat its liitle ooh 11 it's
always in my description box and that
way you guys can follow me there who's
getting a bath right handling better so
she's gonna be clean she's feeling a lot
better but she smells like that dog food
and vomit so just her bath didn't wait
the way we smell better Chloe she looks
like such a rat when all her hair is
deep love no cake no real good okay
see hon don't like big big thanks
tripping for me everyone up who me she
has tech pay for Chloe I think I
mentioned it but she's just honest and
medicine now for like meet me got it
I mentioned it earlier she happened on
infection bacterial infection in her
tested this waters oh no we you don't
realize how little she is she's so tough
she's tiny
all her fur honestly makes her like
three times bigger when used to be the
x-ray earlier today I was like dying of
cuteness because it was she was so thin
not like so thin like bad but like you
just don't realize how tiny she is you
look like a puppy okay guys super random
super spontaneous but that's okay
because my life motto is spot annuity at
its finest yes that's not a word but I
made it a word so heck yes
actually you're gonna have a sleepover
in the living room tonight because why
not cuz Yolo hashtag
struggles and hashtag this is what you
do when you live together and we just
haha let's do it there's my bed over
here
no she's alright I hope she we need
shape we need sheets
