go into the baseplate good morning hey
guys what's today what's today it's
currently 11 21 and shout to Gabby
because you are currently on my phone
haha so update if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog we are currently
staying at my parents house because they
are on an anniversary trip for the
weekend so we are like dog sitting house
sitting though it's me Ashley and then
teryn decided to come also so we're just
hanging out for today we have a whole
day and we're just kind of chillin and
on top of it it's like toad I woke up
and it was thunder lightning right hello
hi welcome to the blog Hey so I kind of
like it cuz it feels just like a like it
I don't know like a cozy rainy day like
I don't know it's just different and I
love it all so I uploaded my video last
night it's life hacks for back-to-school
so I'm gonna have that video link and
the down bar you guys can watch it or if
you've already seen it then you should
totally go watch it twice or three times
or four times and I will love you even
more that's getting I'll still love you
if you only watched it once or even if
you didn't like watch it I will still
love you also I actually got him
decently early I got about eight today
and the most productive thing I've done
besides uploading at are editing and
uploading a vlog we've just been
watching Jane the Virgin for like a lot
cuz I've already watched a lot of this
season so I wanted Taryn and Ashley
watch it so they were watching it from
the beginning and we just watched like I
don't know eight episodes or something
Ashley what are we doing today
wait wait guys can we have a team
meeting what do we are we going out to
lunch yes
then where are we going ah Thai food or
like a cute little cafe for Thai food or
time or what else is like the DVD Tobi
and for you are back there oh did you
cook it I buy picking
I am so not here
my heart is stayed tinnitus huh home
town I'll tell you baby it was easy
coming begging to you once I figured it
boom and we're ready hey guys so we are
on our way to lunch and I mean we're
going to get Thai food yeah is that okay
with you mm-hmm
so we're going to do that and and yeah
that's what we're doing and I'm really
excited because I love this Thai place
I've been here a few times but like I've
been here in a really really really long
time right
whoo
shout out to the subscriber who made
this for me it's super cute well we have
some Thai food and we got some soup
which is bomb
it's bomb then I got some pad thai just
amazed miss your guys it hasn't come yet
but it'll be it's it's waning
Montagnes a deaf bomb and 101 Dalmatians
what I want to be like why is it raining
okay we need it we're like in a drought
what cause baby now we got bad blood now
we got problems and I don't think you
can solve them you made a really deep
cut now we got bad but hey grab me up
take a lot attack you gotta live with
the bad
Oh
oh no hi - solo let's go get up stop Oh
somewhere else
Oh what stick to what everything's on
camera okay but just watching over right
look blog Hannover look over one many
more to come
many of us may have it even though it's
like two we stole the camera anybody
we're in starve Oh record
record-breaking moment Alicia didn't
want me they did not want I can put it
on and shoot it just like that
yeah they actually have an accent you
guys don't know yes Shona Mac you don't
know her hair is black we'll see you
guys later and we're discussing about
setting a bawd channel for me
co-starring her so did nothing you let
us know what you think
no shut up oh shoot it's on how do you
make it like okay this into the block
take oh it's raining cheese port tick
over uh in continuation of the first
vlog take over I got her coffee I got I
was doing a caramel macchiato son and I
know you can get it working
my devil ink is not as important in that
it became any weapon shop years still my
vlog camera I told them about your
access max max
no there does it oh that's why I found a
tiger real I die in love I've been lying
this whole time about Who I am
facade I'm not really Who I am I got me
away okay let me take that off anyways
who things Ashley in Terrence should
start each Hannibal
I could stop the same vlog no no no
let's just do love taking wrong camera
what is going on right now
Reesa Reesa Reesa Reesa Reesa Reesa
like resist like Reese's candy it's
recent candy it's reason it's risk we
are now in stater brothers we're getting
some stuff because we want to bake look
at this 80 days baked we need some
marshmallows Malon marshmallows go down
Pillsbury boom we got the gun thumping
thump out go go go thanks mom try to
pose man I'm seeing it in the rain rain
and we're seeing oh hey there Lena oh
hey what you doing you're baking
chocolate of that chocolate in the mouth
we thought it might be fun
what is our baking project called today
call anyone who into Sunday school have
you heard of Resurrection run upon to do
resurrection roll yeah first up you take
your marshmallow first can use the
mollow brush you take the mold and you
dip it in the butter then you take it
and put it in cinnamon sugar Hollow just
like this
then you take your pillows berry
croissant rolls wrong great technique
Thank You roll it and just make sure to
pinch the end you wanna give it back at
the cinnamon sugar to be continued but
go see what the dog is in doing ah yeah
hello do over here good talk good talk
good job can't talk over here we have no
money
good luck why ninja
sister moment oh dang you doing like
everyone yeah I decided to become a
sister and they adopted me we did cuz
every joke starts with so there was a
blonde a brunette and a red oh right yes
Carol at the start every yes how are you
they're ready are you struggling Terry
we've been watching
Jane the Virgin all day I love this show
oh stop them
woo they're like little donut things are
so good oh snap
they probably think we only ate today
very much did all we did we had dinner
and now we're having to serve and you
can't come to bj's without a few hey
guys so um if you can't tell I'm already
back at my apartment and stuff so we
came over here I totally fell asleep at
my parents house on the couch and then I
fell asleep on the way back here too so
um that's why I haven't been but
I will see you guys tomorrow and I love
you guys so so so so much and yeah
