hey guys so today is Monday it is Monday
it's a beautiful day actually and from
what I can see out the window and and
yeah for the neighbors to walk but oh I
think they're new Ashe anyways it's
about Munich a little before noon I
think and yeah today I am just so
excited for it to be a very productive
day we're gonna film some things for
Ashley and then we are going to what
else we gonna do I have some errands to
do and oh my gosh you guys I look up to
2 million subscribers I am so excited oh
my god haha I remember I I remember
having like 15,000 subscribers and I
remember hearing about people who had 2
million and I would just like like die
me like oh my gosh like that'll
literally never happen to me and now it
happened and which is just crazy to me
and it's so exciting and I love you guys
and thank you it's so so so much so I
want to do something I don't know if I
should you like a giveaway or like I
mentioned doing like a live chat type of
thing which I think that would be really
fun maybe we could do that tonight - all
right don't know something like that but
first thing I do know I'm definitely
going to celebrate it with like a donut
or something today because that's very
exciting and also I'm gonna get balloons
because it's an excuse to get balloons
really quickly do you guys redo that so
really quickly do you guys want an OOTD
before we do all of our errands and
whatnot kind of like just basic comfy
but whatever
bralla is from urban outfitters and it's
a halter top which i think is super cute
this blue tank top is from urban or i
can not talk today my tank top is from
brandy melville and I am wearing some
jeans from American Eagle and yeah and
then I'll probably wear my Birkenstocks
which oh my gosh everyone has been
asking me like what type of shoes these
are called Birkenstocks and I really
like the white ones actually has the
black ones people either love them or
hate them cuz they're kind of like
grandparent shoes or like they used to
be like old people shoes I think they're
super cute so don't judge me I like them
you should get them we can be 20 didn't
vlog over the weekend as you guys
probably notice Saturday I was editing
all day for my video that went up which
is the first day versus last day of
school so you guys should totally go
watch that I was really happy with how
it turned out that's up and
Sunday we went to church then we went to
Disneyland and it's just I want to have
a family day back to blogging today and
this is like having I feel like lately
my cameras been having problems focusing
don't know what it okay anyways lega hi
pretty girl
hi Chloe hi you look so cute
are you getting your hair done this week
yeah you are huh what up guys so we are
currently on our way to get our nails
done because because I haven't coffee
yet today so I know it's like a caffeine
headache and I'm dying
and I'm like mega yeah what color you
get in I'm getting this one dark this is
like the best color purple unexplained
black but then you go in the Sun and
it's like a dark dark purple okay so I
got my nails done my signature whiteness
just like that it's like big surprise I
got these again so yeah I'm super
excited I like yeah yay Ashley it's
currently vlogging outside we are
currently at Party City because I want
to get some balloons for hitting 2
million so I can Instagram it later and
yeah so that's where we are that's what
we're doing over the free summer sale so
guess what I'm making ah gotta fix that
boom I have not had coffee today and I'm
really excited right now with the bay is
ready for this
oMG that looks beautiful so I made some
coffee and now I am currently editing
and I'm currently working on Chloe what
are you working on huh who are you
barking at babes anyways I'm currently
working on my thumbnail for this week I
think this is what it's gonna look like
I have to add the textile and stuff I
don't know I don't know if it's like too
busy or not but I kind of like it but
we'll see decisions decisions
Ashley's currently over there Fiona
video and well yeah we're just kind of
chillin slash work in and trying to get
some stuff down
Jen Jen don't update time is now 548 and
I suppose that a 4% left on my computer
anyone else like me where you wait until
it has like 1% left and then you freak
out trying to run before it like dies
why don't I get it right now I don't
know it's like right there - I should
just get the charger so I was currently
editing I edited a thumbnail I'll show
you guys that and I also made a new
banner for my vlog channel because I
don't know if you guys have seen it but
it was like really bad like I made it in
two seconds i remade one for now
eventually I want to have one I think
it'd be so cute to have like a picture
of me a picture of Chloe and then a
picture of Ashley like you know I mean
like my life like and the whole like
banner and stuff for now I just have
just like kind of a basic simple one and
I changed my profile picture because
that was also just like really quickly
done it always takes a while for it to
update so it's not updated yet you guys
want to see it maybe maybe not boom yeah
so you should uh you should go to my
channel and admire that very basic very
simple so yeah most you guys are already
subscribed to this cuz you're watching
this but if you aren't you to subscribe
to my vlog channel and wait for it wait
for it
two million oh my gosh that looks so
weird to me like so weird to me
that's that looks crazy wait like wait
no no forever freaking out the fact that
I hit two Millions is Goggins I'm gonna
try to talk about it too much because
you guys probably like Alicia get over
it no I'm just kidding I'm surely not
also update headache is mostly gone I've
just been sipping on some coffee and
kind of relaxing and it feels a lot
better than it did before
I was also going to show you my
thumbnail that I made yeah school
supplies ha plus DIY Supplies Plus huge
giveaway is going up on Friday I'm
pretty sure pretty sure so get excited
for that cuz that is happening so money
update again I am now drinking the
coffee and watching stuff up Alex and
Mia's vlogs while I pretend to be
productive when I'm really not let's
face it any time I'm supposed to be
doing something else I'm like oh let's
see if anyone uploaded on YouTube and
they upload it so that means I kind of
have to watch it and right right close
you agree so it's a lot lighter it's
actually at 10:30 right now should I
went to the gym and came back showered
ate dinner yeah we were currently
watching The Incredibles because we were
really in the movie mood we were going
to edit but my max book and my desktop
are being so slow right now I like
physically cannot edit I can even have
it like I can't edit it's not even
letting me can't even open my
application so I made an appointment to
go to Apple not tomorrow but the next
day so I'm hoping I can get this blog up
tomorrow so if you see this up Tuesday
then it worked which is great
who else loves Incredibles me I used to
love this movie I don't know why we
haven't watched in forever I just fell
asleep
anyways I'm gonna say goodbye thank you
again so so much for 2 million
subscribers but I woke up to that I was
just like like I was crazy I love you
and I will see you tomorrow another vlog
and I really good baby
