hey guys I look like a fetus don't mind
that we're currently on our way to guess
on the kulfi kulfi is necessary we are
going to go to Dylan we're going to
Disneyland I'm so excited who later
today I'm just gonna go and have a
magical night and it smells being about
school it's gonna be amazing we haven't
been in a very bit wet like we need to
make sure how silica and I have to renew
that right now I think it's been almost
two months since we've been yeah a long
time to hope to his great day I'm
excited
it's beautiful morning it's beautiful
morning currently editing an Instagram
picture and I think it's ready
I don't know it's like put the clarity
up boom yeah
this all looks so good
okay so if you guys didn't know tomorrow
it's actually me as a 21st birthday so
um I have her present it's coming okay
so we're doing something but that's like
in a month so I wanted to get her a
little something so that waited you know
little thing I don't like a huge balloon
or something so Oh balloon much
friendship weekend I shoot her like Dora
like something random like Elmo Oh army
I feel like I'm birthday super cute but
that's the zr1 kind of basic but it's
cute need to get really good Oh is there
like a dog that looks like Ken there's
only one dog hmm oh the heart happy
birthday is cute that's a super cute
let's do that one okay so I got a bag
for the boom chicka pop because I got
that not too long ago I look so better
now hey we love you Mimi we got the good
so we have Mia present here I can see
there's some boom chicka we got a
balloon and she's bringing Kenner's
which means what no it means I get to I
get to meet Candace today we're gonna
meet Ken and we're gonna be best friends
although she can't be sassy sometimes so
you have to be nice okay be nice to me
kids
oh are you excited to meet Kenner's
Chloe are you excited to meet kiner's
and we have a birthday sash which I'm
not sure if she's gonna have one already
but if not you get to wear that all day
tomorrow Mia even though I will not be
with you but I'll be with you in spirit
dinners I'm um I'm waiting for you and I
cannot wait to meet you okay so Mimi's
here we're gonna play some awesome
birthday music huh let's go I'm ready
happy birthday Disney
good oh you guys hashtag what's there
huh we need we didn't pick her I've seen
a few but we need to like pick which one
we won okay you guys my heart is so
happy right now they're having so much
fun playing I was a little nervous that
it would like take a little while for
them to get used to each other but
literally right away they just are
playing oh my gosh it was a happy
hashtag Chloe K is officially a thing
we're gonna have playdate
yay we're so tired ha ha ha hashtag
sassy oh they're playing they're getting
along he keeps jumping on top of me is
gonna have some boom chicka pop pop pop
okay so we are going to go film a really
quick um thing for this week's video
Chloe connects a bite of each other's
but they will see each other so soon
really oh look it actually been look it
look it look like it's like mama
do we have to go I want to play mommy um
can I stay can I please stay cuz I'm
gonna play I hope he likes I can't are
you having fun are you having great fun
okay by me me have fun trip this weekend
and happy birthday and we celebrate when
you give back and I look like I have a
huge head compared to you yeah
T'Pau wise talk your well car sure is
the best price are you ever gonna have a
cool really it really will be but I
haven't had one so it's already on the
top of my list
oh and Kenneth and clover there they
were in on it they knew they both use oh
ok so Mia left but now we're about to
film it parts for me and I look like
this I look so cute right now and I'm
ready just to bust through this cuz I
want to go to Disneyland I'm so excited
so what was cool didn't really have to
get that ready today because it's like
first day of school another this is last
day of school it's what you look like
I'm watching school so we are Disney
bound as you can throw the book probably
so
let's be real sad that really gives it
away anyways we are gonna go and
probably get Sun yeah we're gonna go
it's currently 7 o'clock my favorite
thing about having a pass to Dylan is
you can go whenever you want like you
can go like for two hours on Sunday
night it's cool you know I mean like you
don't wasting your money so let's do an
OT d I'll put up today Disney edition
Lego
ok so hat is obviously from just
because you know last are my persecutors
every man's fear of curious sure is
repairman February a white sports
flannel is from brandy melville but it
was like in the vintage section I got on
sale for $10 or real excited about my
leggings are actually is really from Oh
forever 21 I believe 21 doing some white
- commerce your bag which is from H&M I
believe yeah a good job
you remembered really good before we go
we are going to get some food and I
believe we're gonna go to the subway
because subway sounds really good
we failed it so I got a turkey sandwich
on the honey oat bread with some of my
favorite chips in the world I don't
really eat chips often but when I do
it's usually the Miss Vicky's jalapeno
anyways got some chips and then I got
the raspberry iced tea because either
the raspberry to you and it's bomb
it makes out I don't rush in the things
when you flash your green eyes and me
thank you
and anyway we're going to deliver here
no we are here just got here and it's
about to fill magically so this is the
what is ash is the original I like not
one of the originals like old is
advanced but oh my gosh what year 1955
this is what Disneyland looks like in
1950 oh my gosh explain please
that is the first bench like the actual
census he himself sounds like dreaming
of a place called Disneyland read it
buddy buddy pitch from the Griffith Park
merry-go-round and Los Angeles where
Walt Disney first dreamed oh my god
first we're doing Thunder Mountain
Thunder Mountain is so crowded so we're
trying to like make our way without ever
running over and yeah 25 minutes
hey what are you getting
got some icecream
got some cookie dough yours is bigger
than mine
Oh
okay if this is not magical I don't know
what it's so the lake with the
reflection and the bridge and the light
I guess I'm going on from there super
fun facts waiting to poo his hands down
like was my favorite is my favorite I
like ever since I was little like little
it was always my favorite like Disney
anything I'm also kid that sucks
here's our
I'm Jenny I wasn't going to build an
Ashley give it to me and now I can't put
it down now I really value it would
happen I was like if she saw him she
could bang about look at the face look
at me laughs I do like you've been
wanting that for a long time put it over
your branding tougher yeah I'm happy so
it is now like midnight something's all
the rides are starting to flow the fun
fact this is my favorite time of like
going to design is when like no one's
really around oh it's not focusing on my
shirt their focus yeah favorite time
when like no one's here and if you just
walk around no vegetables walktrough
vegetables magic yeah and you can sing
on every song okay there's like no one
really no one is here
last I see the line it's like the fog
lifts and someday someday we'll fine Hey
I'm a reporter Disneyland like going to
here and I can just be like let's go
literally no one in sight nope nope so
coming okay no black forest
okay guys so my battery actually died
I'm spilling ashes right now but I'm
just gonna say goodbye I love you sir oh
so so so much thank you for watching and
again don't forget check out actually
small channel links on the down bar and
yeah I love you guys we're gonna head
home right now fall asleep because I'm
good and I'm I'm tired tired oh I'm
tired after dancing I got out of breath
anyways I'll see you later my ear can
you feel sure the back yeah can't you
feel by Disney lien by castle by
Tomorrowland
if you're in the buy space mount by
Matterhorn people probably are looking
at me like I'm crazy
bye guys
