Warners log is uh
up go watch it hey guys what is up
welcome back to the flop we're back at
home we're home from New York we're not
traveling anytime any snow anytime soon
i I don't know what I was trying to say
there I was just so excited to be home
did you hear me vlogging and you wanted
to be in the vlog mmm go follow her and
Instagram
laughs they missed you you need a bath
real bad be free anyways let's put on
some makeup so we can get ready for the
day claw what are you doing um hello I
just made my bed
who get all situated makeup is die and
Ashley and I actually went to an event a
little bit so I'm real excited for that
so I'm just try to get ready there's the
makeup and faux pretty we got the goods
so good guys I miss being home let's go
finish getting ready
good morning just kidding I don't know
the one thing I brought my bathroom is
the lighting because the windows are
behind me it's like great lighting this
by but the mirror is this way so it's
always like backlit I really want to
paint in here or or maybe I'll just get
different lights to like more like
daytime lights oh or you know those
mirrors that have the full like lights
around them that would be beautiful
anyways yeah that's why I never vlog in
here I feel like the lighting looks I'm
gonna redo my braids you guys I've been
doing so much heat to my hair especially
from Fashion Week and then with Tulum
before I just feel like I've done so
much heat lately that I'm kind of trying
to do heat for like a little bit so I'm
filling the braids for that reason
honestly my goal is to look up a whole
bunch of no heat hairstyles so if you
have good ones tweet them to me and I
might do it because I'm trying to just
find new ways to not do heat to my hair
which would be great I'm gonna redo the
braids then we're gonna go to the manky
slash revolt event so here's the
finished outfits redo the braids they
still look horrible I'm gonna get good
at them but you know what they look like
earrings are from Urban Outfitters
they're just these huge hoops as you can
see and then it revolved was so sweet
and they offered to give me some clothes
they're like hey pick out what you on
the site and you can wear it to the
event so it's like oh my god it's so
exciting so this shirt is from there as
well as the pants I love these pants so
much I think they're so cute yes classic
Alisha with a white crop top like always
and then because it's a Nike event I
wanted to get some Nike shoes I have
Nike like workout shoes but I don't have
nike casual shoes so I got some just
white Tenney's and I feel like it really
kind of like makes the look more casual
I feel like I don't know it's like a
really casual look it could have been
really dressed up also this is like a
little wrinkly I probably should have
steamed them but
hashtag lazy okay I think we're going
for the blue bag today which means we're
ready to go feel like I need a choker
it's just kind of like or like a
necklace or something okay oh this could
be cute let's see let's see let's see oh
definitely this although you're not a
choker there we go much better that adds
so much will Michael I think it even is
my copy yeah think we're ready ready
why are you took you guys today is just
a beautiful day and I'm telling you this
because it's a beautiful day and I'm not
getting I literally tweeted like wow
something's different about today it's
just really happy Ashley now we're just
talking about it and we both felt the
same way without even speaking about it
to each other before that it's beautiful
it's gorgeous what's the weather 75
that's what it's 75 no rain literally us
coming back to New York and now we're
like oh my god I'm done I'm serious it's
like a gorgeous deck really like summer
it feels like oh but not too hot summer
like promised summer should be earth
bless bless la winters we just got to
her bald and okay guys all these shoes
are so freakin cute like look it's an
ear like a knife like look at look at
look at this is so cute but wait this is
like a suede it's like two-tone that's
so cute that one is so cute and they
have all these different stations with
like different colors and this one's so
cute look at this oh my god I literally
had this I literally had that wow these
are so cute
I love them okay I think I'm gonna get
these ones they fit really good those
are so good
I'm glad we're getting different ones so
we can share yeah that was so much fun I
love how there was that one little
section that looked just like me like we
did some photo service every other yeah
everyone's like oh my god this corner
was made for you and I was like yeah
anyways Ashley where should we go we're
at a cafe what'd you get what'd you get
got a salad with like
that is so good is my kamasutra bullies
alleys like of course we got the hummus
in tabbouleh salad I got a side of
falafel for it there so where I gotta
eat are the bars out hello hi babe Chloe
Chloe Chloe Chloe we are back home as I
mean you could probably tell if I want
to show you guys the shoes that I got
from the Nike event
they are so freakin cute so first off
can we talk about this box it is so cool
you guys obviously you know I love the
color white if I can do it with one hand
ready ready ready oh yo these are so
freakin cool I am always sliding on my
shoes to the fact that I don't have to
have laces on this makes me so freakin
happy I think they're so cute it's one
of their new collections I loves it I'm
so excited though shout out to revolve
at Nike for having me it was super fun
so I can put these in a big closet so
let's do that I think I'm actually just
gonna kind of leave them out right now
cuz I want to cut I think of some
outfits I can go with that yeah okay
also you guys first off thank you so
freakin much for 3.6 million followers
on Instagram which is crazy I just hit
that so just wanna say thank you also
guess who posted a new photo there it is
some temptin done yay if you haven't yet
you should definitely go to this photo
right now and just give it a double tap
make that heart red and yeah you got me
you guys you got me literally everyone
with daughter were you for a surprise
dinner or Remy she does another we're
here everyone's here we got seal em we
got olive we got James we got Lois we
got me yet
hey guys so I am so sorry but I realized
I completely forgot to end the vlog last
night but it was super fun and I hope
that you guys enjoyed the vlog so yeah
anyways I'm gonna end it here I love you
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
