good morning feel like there's like no
cups I'll be dirty I think we'll go with
this one it looks like we're using
sheets coffee today good morning guys
what is up and welcome to vlogmas day 4
swapna's day 4 as you can tell I made my
coffee as you can tell I took a shower
so random I saw comment the other day
that was like do you try on the morning
or night so you know what I changed it a
question of the day when do you shower
morning or night hmm
yo this oh my god oh I just know I
should have used my other my new holiday
mode today tomorrow but anyways you guys
it's coffee creamer tastes exactly like
the milk after Lucky Charms you all know
what I'm talking about yeah Oh Ashley
gingerbread houses and I was gone oh my
god okay so I know Taryn and her made
some when I was gone but I haven't
watched their vlogs yet because I'm
behind so I don't know whose is whose
and I'm trying to think of who my
favorite is I think I like this one
better which one do you guys like better
I this one's cute though to put me in
the holiday spirit and you guys look
who's home hi babe she's just chilling
in her spot oh my god if she's home from
doggy school she did so good she
graduated she's been doing really good
honestly and for having a baby in the
house like she's doing really really
good I saw a few blogs ago I uploaded
that we have a new roommate
so yuca and her baby are staying with us
for around two months ish which I'm so
excited and she hasn't really been in
too many vlogs one cuz I've been
traveling too cuz she actually was at my
parents house for like a week --is-- and
i was dying because so many people like
was it fake they probably aren't
actually living together and I was like
why would I make that up oh my god also
like if they don't want to be on camera
like that's totally fine so obviously
I'm not gonna like point a camera in
people's faces if they don't want to be
on camera so like I don't know so just
keep that in mind
you know anyways I need to start getting
up vlogmas day 3 i've not edited it yet
is currently 10:29 a.m. so yeah I should
I should I should do that let's get some
editing done okay update time so it is
currently 12:00 p.m. exactly right now
trying to get yesterday's vlog to export
lately my computer has been so freaking
slow so it's kind of annoying but trying
to save so Wow we'd be right there you
do your thing and while it is doing that
I'm going to go put on some makeup just
really quick um you got Ashley and ASA
and I are gonna go get some get some
dinner do some breakfast yeah it's one
of it what I'm insane hopefully that
stuff Oh make my bed super quick so all
my makeup is still in my car from
because I haven't unpacked yet from the
mountains so I might just go still
Ashley I missed you she did so good she
learned a lot I'm so proud of her found
it yes hi a thorough makeup yay the
vlogs missed you you haven't been
involved in this yet it's been so sad
well technically you're in every single
dog mess because I'm you're shaking the
table and Chloe okay okay the most
makeshift tripod right now I really hope
you guys don't fall so I'm just
literally gonna put on foundation and
like to do my eyebrows tree today can we
get a tree wait well I'm not doing too
much today no but like oh my god oh my
god is this your foundation brush I
should text means that cuz I know she'll
want to come she's
hi pretty girl oh babe we got a
Starbucks we got a package PS ordered my
iPhone ex forever ago like the day it
came out and still isn't here which
makes me really really mad also guys
look at our tables coming together so
much we still have to get more
silverware these are those fake lottery
tickets from from my roommate wars video
I'm in showing you guys okay wait we got
some rings for the napkins which make it
look so much cuter we just need more
silverware this one's done so that's
what it looks like how cute is that so
this one is like a snowman this one's
just like a cute little car love's loves
it and we also got this centerpiece it
stops tick off the tag it finally looks
so much better than it did is this
visually appealing so we got a package
from Tarte au part thank you so much
this looks really cool okay a little
hard to do with money oh oh my god
highlighting lip paint matte lip paint
shadow
we got a bronzer I'm like obsessed with
this gold color it's so freaking pretty
yeah so pretty then oh my god I'm so
excited
I love the Kat Von D contour palette so
but I'm all for finding a new one
oh my god I feel like I'm actually gonna
like this like really really use it it's
so pretty
when makeups to pretty like you don't
want to use it you know what I mean but
I might use it don't worry
so Ashley Marin right now because we
were gonna go and get our tree today and
we were like actually going to I text me
oh we were gonna go we're gonna meet up
together and go get it together but we
were thinking about it and we don't have
the base for it and we don't have the
skirt for it yet and I feel like it's so
much easier to get those things first so
we're thinking we're gonna go tomorrow
morning to get it she said she's down to
go earlier I just wanna make sure we
have enough time for you to go and come
back to leave I mean I could always just
take your car but I feel like you should
go I never put mascara on my bottom
lashes I thought it would look super
cute right here we have absolutely no
Christmas stuff here yet we will clearly
the pumpkin you know it's gonna it'll
it'll look cute I promise we can put
like a little wreath there just make
this Christmas a 5 and then I got the
green blanket and then two of these
pillows Ashley really likes those I feel
like the green is gonna look really good
once the trees uh and we can put a
little look at look at oh my god you
guys fully excited with the green
blanket I feel like it just looks really
good it's like it's huge she would not
so big it's gonna be but yeah like the
pillow
we just need obviously just gonna like
threw it on there right now but yet also
we for sure know we want the tree right
here in this corner so you're gonna have
the TV the fireplace and in the tree
there's just gonna be like a huge white
tree and I'm are you excited imagine the
instagrams clove update time so it's
currently 404 p.m. I told him we're not
getting the tree today but we're getting
everything ready for when we get the
tree tomorrow that vlogs will be lit
like let me need a base for the tree we
need lights we need garland for the
stair a few ornaments think that's all
think that's all that trees just gonna
make the living Ehrlich's oh and a skirt
for the tree yes we're gonna go in
tomorrow we'll be back the green ones
kind of cute cuz I want green but I want
to be like all white yeah
we got a tree base finally I've been
looking for a green pillow by Anna Lee
found one it's the only thing is there
is a matching blanket but I just bought
the cream blanket from Target but these
are matching so maybe I should return
the other one ding I also found some
small molds of coal big surprise we're
at Target again getting some ornaments I
really like this one it wasn't super
cute oh good news we found a tree skirt
and we got a lot of ornaments bad news
ISM they didn't have the lights that we
need in like in stock which sucks
because we can't put ornaments on the
lights are on so maybe tomorrow we can
go to a different target I also think
it's hilarious that I was literally just
here last night like I feel like I live
here it's too bad successful we've got
the good update time so we are back at
home it's a little later
it is currently 546 p.m. picked up some
Veggie girl on the way home and I'm so
excited because I'm really really really
really really hungry I just sounded so
good like so good food hall from veggie
girl we got some fries so we got a
burger yo yes every time I order from
veggie crap you gotta get the buffalo
wings so I'm sure like Ashley's gonna
have some of this don't worry I'm not
gonna eat all of it myself they're gonna
have some left overs but at school so
I'm gonna eat program hey guys what is
up so it is currently 11:17 p.m. I'm
just sittin bed watching some friends
and editing this log that you're
currently watching so I just wanted to
end it thank you guys so much for
watching I bet you're loving vlogmas
because I totally am yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow with a new vlog never hunt
I'm letting me go here to be you right
now
do you think you're ugly I'm getting
this one that's that's cute skills cute
I'm so many I'll give you so many
taller than me is my closet really yeah
and I really do
