hey guys it's meetup day yay yay meet
update so excited although it doesn't
feel like it's really happening yet
because that's like later tonight but
yeah I'm also do mind in fact I do not
have miss gonna on right now because I
was waiting before we fell you know I
know but like everyone thinks I forget
and I did forget I purposely you know
weird one who film our our intros for
our collab and Nikki night last night oh
wait
and last night Nikki and I were like oh
we need a hashtag name they're like oh
nigga kaliesha like technically shut I
mean what do we use it or not I just
like that and he exactly Nia the
end huh the end for Nia it yeah
completion yeah you guys gonna come
along with me and us for this epic day
it's gonna be so much fun and also you
should be following me on snapchat
because then you can like see like live
behind the scenes it's like a vlog but
like a different type of vlog my user
name is leta Liu 11 de Loup 11 go follow
me or add me on snapchat and of course
Twitter and Instagram also because
because why not
anyways I'm really hungry also have not
had coffee yet today so kind of getting
a headache although I think it's just
like I don't know just like su Nikki and
I are on our way to Dunkin Donuts you're
gonna make a coffee run goes
we need some coffee just like lazying it
up do it love that game wanna play let's
be friends I'm dying to see how this one
ends grab your passport I can make the
back weekend marked iced coffee with
milk and sugar large iced coffee with
milk and sugar and I want the caramel
one and then we'll have a caramel iced
coffee with cream and sugar yes agree
yeah walk to a white donuts we got
doughnuts we can Instagram them like a
cute friend do stuff you know what I
mean I've even powerful brain like me on
people Victoria's Secret pink lips
Grover's with sports bras that's like
our daily look I feel like we always
have weeds yeah I like just like my just
as well like we should be twins
oh yes very cold
drop some DOMA and a chicken biscuit
chicken biscuit for me me me I love you
got some coffee yes
it'll both still be up that night
there's already such a huge line this is
our little green room I guess you can
say we are here so weird and then in
here we have full-on bathroom and
kitchen we can do all makeup
we're sign-in some posters dual vlogging
at its finest
what up don't hunt Anton look at this
dude it's so cute Nicky's Sam good are
we watching pictures of everyone who's
been here
I'm gonna trip
we just finished our meet and greet
Portland I loved meeting everyone don't
cry pictures up like Arthur's oh yeah
and it's now 951 know is it is my 52 now
I think it's so this is post everything
craziness posting this is so cute
basically we gotta chew it unless you
can't we can pick up some cam Danny
you're letting us get free candy like
anything off of these long craziness oh
that's art we grab a bag
we come here so much I'm so excited to
eat this all no it's candy you're
honestly Mia and I aren't sleeping
tonight because our flight that's so
early for example night and ice and
candy and now we are making a midnight
McDonald's bun yeah I love yellow yeah
we got some chicken nuggets and some
fries over there and it is currently
like 340 am and me and I have to leave
for the airport and like 45 minutes ish
I don't we've just been editing as you
can tell we're just gonna like basically
stay up all night and sleep on the plane
because it just made so much more sense
you know yeah so just want to say
goodbye right now I love you guys so so
much thank you again for today like it
was amazing everyone who came definitely
one day like we're meetups maybe like a
tour or something like that oh my gosh I
can see me a similar reflection
