Drummond took the faceplate we got the
star bees oh my gosh I look so bad the
high school money you are so Dirk she is
going to the groomer said she's a dirty
girl you would dirty girl you were you a
dirty girl hey guys
so see right he's right a happy Friday
and yeah very like there we go
please Friday super exciting I am so
happy to be home I'm as most of you guys
know the reason I haven't been vlogging
too much is because I spaced I haven't
been home for I think like two and half
weeks I was seeing at Mia's all week
with niki and gabi and and they left and
then me and her had like an audition
thing out in Studio City for a couple of
days so we had to stay there at a hotel
which wasn't planned like I didn't know
that was gonna happen so a lot of things
were just going on and it was crazy but
good news I'm home and I'm vlogging and
I missed you guys so much so please
forgive me and you guys have to see this
oh my gosh I was like okay you guys know
much beautycon and I was looking to do a
lot of my goodies are you guys gave me
which by the way you do not have to give
me anything at like I don't even expect
out like I don't people to ever feel
like they have to it's not make sense
but you guys are seriously the best like
our Mac baby family is so strong and I
love you guys so I so I said all these
outs take a little little picture
earlier like these are just some of the
things that you guys got me and I was
like freaking out like look like how
adorable this coffee cup is and oh my
gosh
this is like the coolest thing ever
instead and you guys give me so much
like Starbucks gift cards oh my gosh so
sweet is that Chloe is that mine
we get our hair done my yogi Heiko my
chin I see the Tim and I want to hold me
girl needs a pretty girl hi Chloe Chloe
Chloe may say hi to all your clothes
baby we are so pretty and clean no I
don't want to get makeup on you hey love
me someone gave you a toy it's a
porcupine get it close get it and I mean
at first today goes I'm going to film
edit and upload that's kind of the plan
oh and then tonight parents coming over
actually my parents 30th anniversary
this weekend which is crazy like hashtag
goals right there guys so we sent them
on a mini vacation to San Diego for a
couple of days so Ashley me and Taryn
are going to spend the night at my
parents house tonight because we have
the dogs there and then we're gonna
bring Chloe so we're gonna have like a
little sleepover on this weekend extent
for the barks just been editing this
morning and I'm really excited for this
video it's our collab with Ava and Aspen
and Mimi so that's about to happen yo we
be filming Oh where'd Chloe go oh honey
come here come here Chloe can you love
me she gave me the booty love me khlo
nothing hey come here come here khlo
khlo money
you so fluffy that's the problem so fill
me so far has been a success and what
time is it - that's good this is really
good that means I have like four hours
so I was hoping to upload so we got this
and yeah right now I'm gonna take an
Instagram with Clemmie Annie's and she's
a pretty she's so sleepy what happened
babes I'm tired well I was at my camera
campus house I played with my brothers
and then it got my hair done and now I'm
tired okay us Club we just had photo
shoot and we never you lady ready
god damn and you look beautiful in all
the babes flawless she's like mama can
you look better you're bringing me to
shame oh okay oh I'm so I'm wearing
these bows I have purpose and I'm
wearing just we are currently going to a
school so we can get some last-minute
very less than it shots for our my video
today and yeah literally have like two
maybe three things to film and it'll be
really quick you guys you know we're
done poopy and then we're doing filming
and then I just guess you edit and
upload as quickly as I can sighs yeah
that's what's going on that's what's
going on that's what's going on that's
what Alicia goes back to school so we
are here at um a school and yeah got
some shots done with ba sneakers that's
what's going on Ashley keeps filming me
and I don't even know that she's like a
ninja ninja ninja ninja that it displays
here bear that's our Terri hearing Karen
Karen Karen Karen Karen you just
happened here you know what's around you
and you start talking like that my poor
shoes it looks like they were deserted
and that is a wrap we're done we are
done filming and we get to go home and
edit now like oh yo double stuff thank
you wait like a ninja min just yo my
name clothes Monday yeah that's right
Big Bang Oh anything she does were like
oh I don't want to get married about
yeah she is a mall she for those of you
who are wondering because I know we have
some new vlog babies to the family she's
one year boom yeah new video is up go
watch it go watch it go watch it watch
it go watch you go check about to go
watch it ki so I'm go to bed I are
exhausted I just fell asleep on the
couch and
