do-do-do-do-do-do but are we graduate
we're going home currently at the
airport we are currently checking in our
bed so I think us on this lovely trip I
got like a 30-minute nap and I feel made
very cool amazing also really came for
coffee and breakfast my body it was like
I woke up I want some red like that
look I was like I should wear makeup
sorry
I tend to do that so I was just like Mia
what's the Korea nothing's open
these are the times we're going to make
memories I'd be like you'll remember the
time at LAX and we were going to
participate at scenic game yeah nothing
was open and we had so much fun and know
what was here you don't even remember
what I'd let me like doing it because
hashtag memory we just don't like you
you are beautiful just the way that you
are don't want anyone clean different
eggs are some hard-boiled eggs and some
bacon and man sausage it was really good
don't forget to okay we're currently
romantic breakfast I was still hungry
good
okay we have okay okay so we have a
layover like I am 104 sorrow I'm really
okay someone please tell me there is
Starbuck in a delta terminal place of
the Atlanta Georgia airport's here for
like an hour but I've been feeling a
little bit maybe like hour and a half
for the mission back in little Esther
which terms are you saying your district
Donnell their country look I didn't have
it this morning clean my coffee do you
see it yeah
so beautiful so beautiful I'm so excited
and just can't hide it you're what if
you really turn your back picking up
first or coffee so we just landed we're
in Pennsylvania man yeah we come out and
like there's like just our uh our
luggage like oh I guess there's more now
but there was like just I like guys like
chillin on overcome cubicle consider go
to zoom let's go find
my friend fight I was paid to do to quit
fighting this is place called la faccia
Chu I guess you're out at dinner and I
got a Mexican crepe and I'm gonna say
that wrong I was like everyone else got
the Cuban one but me
hopefully mine's good and I'm gonna be
sad if it's like disgusting compares
that's what I figured I was like I can
have ahead of everyone else's you know
and get my thoughts out
oh yes Elton Elton oh okay hey guys one
two hey guys how's a update one to get
the update okay so I'm currently editing
Mia is currently I was gonna say editing
but I didn't wanna live you weren't out
of there Nikki is currently editing are
you sure we're having an editing party
titles won't look like an idiot they
will know why was that in a clove way
guys really really laying on my bed is
easily wheat here yay who's coming to
see us Friday yeah who's coming to see
us
I'm so excited we heard our VIPs sold
out in that uh a thousand free tickets
downloaded so we're so excited you guys
I honestly thought I don't know like a
hundred person for each of it like four
hundred people I guess that makes it
like maybe you know fact that the VIP is
already sold out dude the Mac babies the
damar dolls and the hashtag Zia doesn't
have a name yet for her fandom but
that's okay our amazing my momma's Emma
hey guys hey we are here gasps hey skill
we're gonna get Putney row we're getting
ready man we haven't in one thing today
I think it's three three eleven okay
can't do that anyways it's like three we
haven't really eaten anything I had a
quest bar because I was like dying and
the late peed on my bed so we have this
ugly
spare and it's like Green Zebra cheese
we're gonna go to Panera and we're also
we get our nails done and go shopping
today so taste could just kind of like a
girly hang out chill day I'm gonna plan
out a secret clap it just says it I said
the c-word guy oh wait we get to be the
hush-hush tag name me and Nick leash app
man we shall be hey mg and Meg without
the house of mango with uh-oh what again
literally jealous I want to move to
Pennsylvania like they have the cutest
house in the world me me what loving
Panera yep because we really hungry
hungry so I got the chicken we had a
strain Ian kale and quinoa salad which
is amazing Asst got an app on side and I
got green tea which is really good here
I love it here no I'm just saying yeah
yeah yeah yeah
pretty girls scott some dunkin donut aka
the bay for the next four day we can
never replace my bag
this is bomb this is bomb
tell me Starbucks is better I'm saying
Duncan in my bed so we are now at the
nail salon bus get our nails done
actually I'm not getting opportunity to
pedicure I don't lead us on yeah save
money right no so good
oh my gosh okay so now we're at the mall
we actually submissive Cora I got a
lipstick as you can see I was a testing
up someone's day ended up getting the
bottom one can you do that yeah yeah
yeah that way no I know getting that one
I thought I was really pretty blended in
this one foundation all over my hand you
can't even tell there's a foundation on
it and I really want it it's from Laura
Mercier right one ground zero normally I
do it I don't know we lost them haha
they are going contracted weird weird
questions
yeah you do I think if they stay you do
people 16-foot but shopping we shop in
we shop on chocolate chocolate I don't
know if this is really ugly or it could
be cute I'm really angry I had a vision
I thought looks like really cool I
thought we did some ship in and my bag
is bigger than I'd like bigger than you
Mimi noon the old table to your service
oh sorry I'm totally eating service if
you could go they need bait plate now
it's no your extender and we came to me
a healthy restaurant and I got some
salmon it looks really really good
not gonna lie I am a very very excited
for this but Mimi has a headache and
doesn't feel good
can i film tonight can we cuddle tonight
we can watch a movie from the top of the
chick flick
