no no no no dudes all behind me
boba okay hey guys hope you like set for
a different intro I know most of you
were expecting hey guys right away but
it didn't change do that anyway what's
going on let's see I am currently
uploading my last vlog is uploading rich
new back there and really excited
because I've been gone for basically all
this week on my vlog Channel okay my
mouth today is a good day today is
actually a great day I have a lot to do
before Monday well really Sunday night
as well see you guys have probably no
next week I'm having a meet up with niki
and gabi and mia in new jersey gonna
have this information in the description
box if you did not see my last vlog
because i talked about it then for two
blogs ago she looks at us basically it's
free or you can buy a VIP package it's
just I'm so excited it's gonna be
amazing and we decided to head out there
early so we can film some collabs just
hang out because honestly we're really
close and we hardly get to see each
other and we miss each other a lot
Sunday night I'm gonna spin the night at
Mia's and then we have a 6:30 a.m.
flight to I'm in Sylvania s2o see Nick
and Gaby so I'm really excited for that
problem is I basically have two videos
to completely film today one needs to be
edited by Monday like there's so much to
do so needless to say lots to do but I'm
like it's okay actually I got starving
this morning
what is new what's new and no Starbucks
does not sponsor me I've actually seen
quite a few of those comments and in my
blog I just think it looks pretty in the
thumbnails so kind of film an intro
right now this is the intro set up as
you guys know we just have some do eyes
some room decor stuff to do lots to do
but I'm okay I think I think we're gonna
do it it's just a great day as you saw
we were totally jamming out we were
totally jamming out to it Disney Pandora
for most people like rap and hip-hop and
all that stuff like pumps them up like
you know like who like I'll pumped up
for me and just put on some Disney like
Broadway musical songs and I'm like I
was like dancing earlier Ozzy's off so
yeah what's up come on in trout and
nothing less boom now money what are we
doing babe do we need a bath come on you
don't
Beth mama I don't want bad best scare me
I don't like the water
but babes you meet it your dirty dirty
clothes I'm not good okay
I love conversations like that was Chloe
like every single time I get so bad I
always think if my neighbors walked by
right now I think I'm crazy so first of
all if you watch my second channel I do
daily vlogs called one baby 11 it's just
like a thing first of all if you do
first of all if you watch my second
channel which by the way if you do you
are amazing because I love you I've just
been really into it lately like my
Pinterest right now is just like a whole
bunch of room like ideas decorating and
I okay guys so we are starting to do the
room make oh right now my room is
exactly how it was before I started like
redecorating and stuff watch this
absolute snapshot beep hi babes you are
so Kenya clunky so monkey bet you need a
pass we're gonna give you back today
update it's now like 7 o'clock and we're
still filming we've been doing really
well we honestly haven't even really
taking breaks except like you know and
yeah so we're still just gonna keep
filming and filming and filming and I'm
not gonna show you too much of my room
right now because it is a little more a
little more done but I will say I did
just post a sneak peek on my snapchat
you better follow me on snapchat but you
should you really shut username is Lena
Lu 11 on snapchat and you can get
another like many vlogs behind the scene
in my life pretty cool
hey guys so it is now like midnight and
I took a shower I seesaw we were
swimming I think we've just been editing
and and yeah also we just watched on the
new episode of Pretty Little Liars
because we were behind and now I'm
snugging with Michael oh hi chunky
monkey are you so cute are you tired
is it nighttime it's bedtime Miku Nene
Oh anyways I'm gonna go to bed I love
you guys so so so so much
so does khlo hey guys first of all it is
so late it is around 7 o'clock church
this morning we celebrated obviously
with my dad so not lunch games present
now it is day 2 of filming day 2 of
filming my room makeover is going on
we've got so much done so so so much
done but we're hitting a wall as you can
guess because it's 7 o'clock p.m. and I
want to go to bed right now already got
some Red Bulls ready for energy like
energy come to me come to me let's uh
let's do this
booth alright so I'm going to film you
talking right now what's where should I
put good yeah do you think I should um
it looks fine yeah I'm sure I just turn
and show it to you Sarah and I actually
really like it I got it kind of recently
I love everything about oh my gosh you
guys I'm sorry I haven't really walked
too much I'm so tired
it's like not even 10 at 9:40 it's only
two hours ago sunlight we last talked
I'm soy Elise filming is done room is
finally complete I am gonna give you
guys like the tiniest sneak peak in the
world I love you so much and you're my
vlog viewers and that that's that's one
of the perks of watching my blogs you
get a little sneak peek so don't don't
be like tweeting it out or anything kay
but I'm ready ready Dunson dump them
Vincent oh heck no
hi monkey are we tired she always comes
in my room and lays against my bed like
that I think it's so cute okay I'm
friendly showered and finally packed I
miss you babe I miss you I miss you so
much
miss you're not close my name na you're
so tired I love you I will see you soon
anyways hey guys what is up I'm
currently at Mia's we actually she
actually picked me up which worked out
really really good it is currently 207
hey and I actually just finished editing
up into this point in the blog and I
figured I should say goodnight right now
gluten really honestly not sure how much
sleep everyone agrees but I'm really
excited to get this vlog up because it
was like over my head like oh that's
still there get excited for upcoming
vlogs our trip is gonna be so much fun
and it's so fun vlogging in there
Airport when you're not by yourself I'm
excited for this week it's gonna be so
much fun it's gonna be like one huge
beauty guru sleepover like it's gonna be
epic Ness I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
oh hey bye
