hey guys so today is Friday Friday July
3rd because tomorrow is the 4th which is
exciting first of all I'm gonna save the
obvious we saw yesterday's vlog you
would know that I slept in this shirt
and I'm wearing it again today and we're
just not gonna judge me for that cake ok
cool because I know you've done this to
you before yes
don't judge me don't judge me my dad is
here say hi dad hmm
he brought me thermal so I'm very happy
uploading my blog right now is
uploading 5 minutes remaining boo-boo
check it and Starbucks adventures hallo
so has a couple minutes left until it's
up it's just processing right now and
yeah I wasn't gonna vlog and then I have
that moment again like I did yesterday
like Alicia you should just do it
because cuz why not we're gonna go to
the mall because Ashley needs her
computer fixed we have to go to Apple
and then we're gonna film and then I'm
just gonna come back here and edit as
much as I keep everything I'm just gonna
edit everything because it's upload day
you guys know upload days are very crazy
so oh yeah but Starbucks makes it so
much better I'm just gonna wait for like
two minutes for this to be up and then
we can go start filming oh look at them
lashes lashes be on fleek there's a
smudge on my camera
I think it's cuz yesterday cuz Ken
totally like hit it with his nose oh is
that better
hi khlo you look so pretty today you
smell really bad though so money is my
name ma she's game yay a blog is up
you're running out the door we're gonna
go to the mall and gonna go film and
let's go gonna win
can't I
song at the moment absolutely loving it
yeah yeah I'm obsessed Arby's obsessed
with star because it's really yummy yeah
in my tummy
I am legit so weird why are you guys
friends with me and yes I consider you
guys my friends even though most of us
haven't even met Prince
we're totally like BFF friends so we are
now up team all things that tell me we
got well thank you so we are going to go
to Apple and we're gonna go to I think
shuffle to get out fixed my sister's
computer because it's broken anyway so
Apple didn't really work out because it
was really really crowded really bright
right now Oh super bright okay but I was
really bad and I stopped by Victoria's
Secret cuz yeah that happened look at
some goodies and I know I know some of
you don't like when I do the same stuff
all the time for instance going to
Target and Starbucks and Victoria's
Secret and all the same stuff though
sorry if my vlogs kind of are a little
repetitive
I guess you just wanted to get thick um
I would have a number one and can I have
cheese fries with that first couple or
what
so we are at where we done we're ready
now we I really hungry so we said you
get some in a nap because and that's
amazing it's currently 156 I watch
videos or vlogs and someone says the
time I'm always like what did i do
during then I guess canal like at 150
sites at least she's getting ended up
with her dad we got some double double
double doubles I'm fast I could get
going to end it now and then now like a
double step-over you guys uh do you like
my wrapping I noticed I do it a lot like
every vlog I'm wrapping something thank
you thank you got the good excited but
I'm really yeah we got a double double
and we got some cheese fries
yes that looks so bomb oh my gosh I'm so
excited
okay so now I am so cool um and it's
currently 233 and we are going to binge
edit this video there's so much to do
this is basically what I'm going to be
doing all night so I'll update you guys
in a bit updates is now for 10 and I
have made a cocoon of blankets and
pillows honestly I've been here for a
couple hours now and yes that's uh going
on chillin here
I still quite a bit to do a final
editing and then my voiceover and my
intro to do so I got do that dozens of
different things and sentence you bring
kids
we can keep the cops are too ya know
oh my gosh look how cute it is
okay sure thank you and welcome yeah I
know you Terran is literally amazing she
texts me earlier cuz we are there's like
a fourth of July thing like in our city
that's her in her family are going to
and they're like hey like do you want to
come and I was like oh my gosh I wish I
could have so much editing like
literally I'll be here all day so I oh
you want me to bring you Starbucks I was
like oh my friends know me so well cute
Chloe come here oh wait Chloe Muir
everyone wait look who got it bad
Oh monkey we gotta try you update it is
622 still editing watching the Cardinal
game update is now exactly 7 o'clock
p.m. still and my cocoon of blankets and
editing this as you can tell the
Lighting's change it means later oh I'm
really happy I am pretty sure fingers
crossed I only have my voice over to do
last left last left so that's exciting
except sometimes voiceovers can take me
a while sometimes I guess I'm done
really fast they're very like sometimes
they knock it out in like 20 minutes
which is amazing sometimes I'll take an
hour and it's only sudden like this is
good good guys good hey guys
okay so obviously I moved to my room
moved out of my cocoon of blanket so I
guess I'm going to start my voice over
know just exciting it's blessing up to
dude I'm really butted however before I
start I was just reading some comments
on my vlog that I uploaded today and I
remembered how in yesterday's vlog I
told you guys how someone tried to steal
my purse no joke um and everyone was
like oh my gosh tell me long story short
I tend to ramble so I'm going to try to
say this fast the other nights Haren and
I went out to earth cafe the one on
Beverly Boulevard but I think it's that
one so the way we were sitting it was
like teryn and then across was me and
then behind us like it was just like a
two-seater on like table and then behind
us so like to my back was another two
table so basically me and someone are
sitting like sat like back-to-back if
that makes sense and the place in
general is just pretty small so um even
though we're like back-to-back we're
like almost literally back to that like
arte our chairs are probably touching
just just like really tight so I was
gonna put my purse on my chair like
you know how like you guys put on it's
like the handle of the chair like up top
but the person I had to have no zipper
it's just kind of like an open bucket so
I was like you know what I thought like
I feel really sketch putting it there I
feel like it's safer to put it like
really close by my feet on the floor
time goes by I'm talking to Tara next
thing I know I look up and she like is
looking really concerned and she says
very loudly you like leave Oh where's
your purse I know if you didn't know my
nickname is Lita so I back up and I look
by my feet it's not there I look next to
my feet I look more under the table it's
not there then I turn around I see it
behind me like kind of like ran into
some ran and obviously like I did not
put it there like I knew I didn't put it
there
it's literally behind me on the whole
opposite side of where I even put it
like there's no way it could have gotten
there I look up in tears like standing
up and then next thing we know like the
guys who were sitting behind us booked
it out of the restaurant like what does
happen and then Taryn tells me like she
got a bad vibe from these people like
the second that they sat down and she
said the guy who was back-to-back with
me like acted like he was reaching in
his jacket pocket apparently he like
opened his jacket and uses his other
hand and like reaches dude
grabs my purse slides it and then he
switches to go to this side to do the
same thing and I could figure like we
would have noticed but again the place
is so small like tight that like I don't
know like we just didn't notice and it's
so weird because like I'm not just
saying this like I really have like
street smart and stuff like for instance
I put it by my feet cuz I thought that'd
be safer like I think of this stuff all
the time so the fact that that happened
I was just like what the heck like
that's so crazy my wallet was there my
keys were there the main thing that went
in my head right away was my keys like
my car I was like oh my gosh my cars
here like what am I gonna do
I think I had like twenty dollars of
cash in my wallet so I wouldn't have
even like lost much that way
thank God everything was there they
didn't actually take it so the moral of
this story is to just be smart and put
your purse on your lap when you're in
restaurants don't trust the chair don't
touch the floor don't trust people I'm
skidding anyways I'm going to finish my
voiceover and hope I can upload this
video tonight I'm so excited
voiceover here we go I always mess up so
don't laugh at me guys do not laugh at
me now I don't know if this is just me
but I really like having a separate bag
when I go to the pool to carry my
sunblock and my sunscreen and lip balm
and stuff not necessarily carrying a
purse if that makes sense anyways so
let's see what's inside my essentials
first is some sunglasses and I really
like carrying cheap sunglasses because
when I'm in the water I actually like
wearing them and I don't want to ruin it
by really nice one bulb oh my gosh I
actually did that one take
boom holla let's see the stamp good now
I don't know what this is judging my
voice back mom and stuff not necessarily
King a person that make sense anyways so
let's see what's inside you guys think
I'm done with the action oh I think well
I'm done with the voiceover and I think
I'm done with the entire body oh so
excited times okay and it's only 8:30
curly mm-hmm ready here we go
yeah
yay okay so the video is finally up it
is currently 1038 I just want to say it
one up maybe like half an hour ago ish
afterwards I was so dead and exhausted I
just like I need to take a shower and
just like chillax you know I mean so go
watch it and please do me a favor and
take note of just like the thumbnail on
the end show I actually spent a little
longer like time on those I'd appreciate
it if you guys like took like two
seconds and just like like stared at it
or something
also shout-out to the stubby who gave me
this shirt when I was in London because
I loved it and I look pictur a secret
and you guys know that and from London
which is all of them I'm going to maybe
watch some TV and then go to bed I love
you guys so so so so much and I'll see
you there bye
