hey guys so what is up currently on my
way to LA I'm meeting up with Mia and we
are gonna head over to the bean con
offices which is gonna be done um okay
I'm sorry I've been kind of gone
recently um basically I didn't know
what's been going on honestly like I
feel like I've been busy but like I feel
like a half of them busy
it's really weird honestly I think it's
just when you stop blogging for like one
day when you're used to blogging every
single day and then you stop for a day
or two throws you off completely and
it's just hard to like get back into the
groove of like walking every single day
even like 10 seconds ago I was like good
I don't want to walk today and then I
was like wait no like I should walk
today like I don't know like why is not
even often like of course active walk to
that hits me Richard
obviously I'm here the car and we're on
our way to LA and Wayne is like blocked
off so let's see what is today today is
Thursday I actually have quite a bit to
do today we're actually uploading art
needed completion collab tomorrow super
exciting secret collab but I still have
basically half of the video to film
today and edit all tonight and have it
up by tomorrow which is kind of little
stressful I guess you can say so after I
get back from LA I'm just gonna come
back and my dad is gonna come over he
said he would help I keep touching my
hair - sorry I'm at a red light by the
way and yeah I'm debating if I want
starves because I have not been drinking
enough water recently and I was like
Alicia you ability to drink a lot of
water because I used to drink like a
gallon a day like you're supposed to
have a lot of water a day lately I think
I've been having like a cup a day which
is so bad for a second if I was even
recording this whole time I was like oh
my gosh Oh
anyways I'm supposed to update you guys
and hopefully you like chase bug
the COO I'm with make me look like a
loner yeah yeah yeah and like what you
starve starve you you you went to the
best way to it we're almost to be I'm
excited all you're gonna be there I'm
their little sauces I'm excited because
in a shop chat this looks so cute it
always looks so cute I'm like I wish my
wife looks so cute waking up a Sunset
Boulevard mess yeah oh my god of cars
with my eyes what is that recording oh
my my crying it's some minions are they
having of us being here's like a parent
leave a premiere thing that y'all do
someone tried to steal my purse
yesterday
what no joke ok meeting was really
really good
I'm excited for future things and also
fabricating one next week so I think
Monday or tune into next weekend are
going to go shopping outfit
yeah anyway it's been out tender green
really good I've been here a long time
thank you bet I got the same thing so
it's mashed potatoes
papi kitchen double-sided veggies
they're tested that collects really good
like the rough side of bread family like
I fancy the bed like it's really good
not unless the friends have you behind
the scenes
take mine Maxine
Oh Paula look who I'm with
hi Janice hi hi kisses for the vlog you
are so cute come go get it
hi bud oh I haven't seen you in so long
it's been like two weeks kids what you
doing
who's your favorite auntie Oh ear go fit
oh yeah nice my name canners can do the
can or face
yeah there was hello just singing PB&J
otter face
I'm going to teach but sounds like oh
that's really hot a sec like 97 sounds
good
I don't think
and we're going to tarp a get it like
charge a bit super-bright we are going
to target getting consumed everyday life
Sun is going down we have to like we
have to beat the time right now super
fast trip we got this mask step to shop
we're getting Goods getting set target
Edmond of them on a mission on a mission
on a mission measure measure measure
measure Dibble plonking they won't
walking so this happens
definitely definitely happen so can you
give him the update for us Jay we went
to Target
oh no they saw Target today we got back
in tricking me we filmed we had it's
binge film yeah that's why I didn't vlog
we started importing some footage
narrative bench at it
we started editing we got some pizza we
are ready and we're not gonna sleep
tonight please snap chat feature the
room Mia out boom whole picture is bad
anything good
Papa John's stop papa
mmm Cheers I'm happy hey guys
so uh Mia and I ended up falling asleep
while we were editing and stuff she left
but I am yeah I still have so much to do
and so much to edit and film and I'm
kind of stressing out right now but
that's okay the guys want to end the
vlog I love you guys it's so so so so
much and I will see you super suit
