hey guys so it is currently 441 I am me
and I are on our way to the airport
we're leaving the Kings camp we said
what up see you soon
I know if this was oh my god in two
weeks we're not gonna be able to say bye
I wish I didn't another emember falling
asleep and then I look up I look at the
time it is 4:30 no one no human that's
as hard as I don't remember ball in the
face are you guys really still I didn't
get my pajamas I can't buy love we see
you soon so we are on our way home and
we don't feel good and we're too tired
and we edit even like sleep off bye and
after I meet us in person 10 why do we
look so yellow
oh this is so relaxing notice them
what is going on back what is this place
why is this place
any clothes
place our team
Chipotle yet be be and we have to pull
we're home
it's not yet star bed because it's the
thing of all this is the I got some
Chipotle some chips got must arm and
currently going to finish editing my
fault mr. day hollow you guys update
time it currently 8:07 a.m. and I as you
can see still in the airport swag that's
I feel disgusting in and I've been
editing and me actually member Mia pics
maybe some parents do not Avon earlier
Mia pick me up so we're gonna be heading
back towards my apartment soon you can
drop me off but honestly I've been
editing and really excited really hoping
to get this video up tonight I'll be
amazing I think I only have the voice
overlaps
I think same thing hopefully I don't
know I still want upload it too late but
at the same time like done so I should
like get it up you know like it's a
little like that's okay right that's
okay I like it like an hour
oh wait overnight like 9:30 Hey I don't
know anyways yeah I'm sorry this vlog I
think it's been kind of boring or very
short I am I'm honestly not sure yes
that's that's all that's been going on
I'm still completely fetus ness to the
max and yeah just enjoying the view and
I like Mia's apartment because it never
gets oh it's so pretty
definitely doesn't look like it's eight
o'clock at night did I hear someone say
come cuddle
hashtag friendship hashtag little I look
ugly
hahaha
I think you like you better than me so I
mean I like he's not coming right now
and I don't know why you know please a
lady egg oh you are a bitch alright
copy final no sweeter mmm Yello hey guys
so I am home and it feels so good sorry
I didn't finish yesterday's vlog I was
just editing right now and I realized I
ended it at Mia's I didn't even vlog
when I came home and I was able to
upload my video that I was talking about
so that is up to go watch it
it's like room a summer room makeover
like DIY room decor but just also like
kind of like it's weird it's like a room
makeover with a hall and DIY and just
like decorations and organization like
all in one video I was kind of excited
because I thought like it was really
different like I haven't really seen
that many videos like that I posted you
like just a DIY video or just a haul
video like it's kind of a mix of
everything so I'm really excited of how
it turned out and stuff so please do me
a huge huge favor and go watch it I'm
gonna have a link in the description box
of this video so you guys can go watch
that I'm gonna meet up with my parents
at some point today I'm gonna go back
home or they're gonna come here or we're
gonna meet I'm not sure exactly what's
going on because they have Chloe right
now and I miss her so much
anytime me and Ashley are gone they're
the ones who dog-sit her because she
loves playing with my other two dogs at
my parents house we have Toby and Theo
as most of you know Liana is what's
going on and um now it's nice I can show
you guys that my finished room is kind
of dark I'm sorry and it's kind of messy
so I'm sorry about that too oh my gosh
it's so messy I'm sorry again do not
mind the fact that I have unpacking as
you can see that is my bed that's what
it looks like I love like all the
pillows and everything and then behind
this I have a clothing rack and I have
my studio to the one look kinda messy
right now okay
hey boom also when I came home last
night I had a huge package up door and
I'm really excited for this I actually
ordered a chair for my desk back there
because that chair is so uncomfortable
and I just wanted like a real computer
desk chair like office chair so I
ordered one from pbteen and it is here
it was so excited guys I am so excited
so shall we try to put this together
let's try to put this together I don't
know if I can do this oh my gosh
I am so excited everything whoo that's
how she just boxes I am really happy
with it so here's the actual chair part
like a light gray and it's just so cute
oh my gosh look that we have to put it
together this is like the bottom parts
so
today okay so chair is done however it's
like not going you know Hospice like the
lover makes it go higher and lower it's
not really working so I'm not sure I did
it wrong or if it's just broken it's
seemed really simple to put together so
I honestly I've no idea I think I'm
actually going to head out to my parents
house now so I can go get color I spend
the night there just cuz I haven't seen
them in a while but I'm not sure so I
think I'm just gonna bring like a bag or
something just in case so here is the
finished chair I'm so excited about I
bought this and it's a little too big so
I'm not sure if I'm gonna keep it here I
was just like playing with it right now
to see if like it looked okay do you
think it looks okay or is it too big
should I get another one I don't know
yay oh my gosh you guys I love how it
swivels or swivels that we say I don't
know it's not yours great it was just a
dining chair so it's not really meant to
like be at a desk and be like editing
for hours so I'm excited or maybe it
looks fun I don't know I'm gonna like
I'm gonna play this and see if it looks
good I don't know we shall see maybe it
looks fun and I'm just like overthinking
this I finally got rid of the gold
clipboards that were there I loved them
but I just wanted to do something
different so I think I'm gonna like
something we'll have to go there getting
some decorating going on
finally took me long enough to get this
oh my gosh it literally says 104 degrees
what that yeah as you can see it's very
hot I'm currently waiting to get guests
I am just waiting as I have no gas at 21
miles still my tank is empty and I
should get some gas also really sad
because I love my Starbucks tea at home
it was leftovers from last night and I
didn't even drink the whole thing so I
saved it and I'm really sad because I
lost it
I'm debating going to starve we shall
see
good good good go into the base place so
I came and I ended up coming out to
Starbucks oh I can do one out here cuz
like the whole Drive I'm just like one
coffee just sounds so good we are here
and the drive through it's so weird
being back with my parents live because
it's just like memory throwback like
it's so it like I grew up here you know
I mean this is the og Starbucks of my
life like this was the place of its you
like all the time basically where our
relationship started I guess you could
say okay also who has heard Selena
Gomez's new song almost an album new
song it is so good I've been listening
to it like repeat I have a venti iced
skinny soy vanilla latte alright it's
gonna be fine 35 meet you thank you yeah
the best place yeah you hear the bass
blue
thank you so much
picking star B's game a star B haha but
nothing uh um um literally best idea
I've had today because this is amazing
and in other news I'm here my parents
house so we gonna go in and I gonna see
clothes I'm so excited I miss her so
much
I miss you my parents hi this is Theo he
likes to lick a lot
hello babe did we have fun we did did we
have fun
Kaito this is Toby
he's a chiweenie Chihuahua and dachshund
reunited and it feels so good
hi babes I missed you my Clos hi you
smell like a dog you need to back and
also I was just on Twitter and someone
tweeted me congratulations on 400k I was
like wait what and I looked at my vlog
channel hit four hundred thousand
subscribers today I totally remember
when my main channel hit four hundred K
and that was like last year sometimes so
the fact that my second channel had that
isn't all like unbelievably crazy to me
thanks guys I'm glad you like my vlogs I
honestly like I never used to vlog
because I thought no one would like them
it makes me happy knowing that you guys
like them anyways do I see a sneak peek
of the video that I'm editing oh-oh-oh
currently about to do the intro so
they're all just like clips right now
but I will I'll show you I'll show you
yeah yeah do you guys remember when I
filmed this video yeah it's going up and
there's a surprise giveaway in it so get
exploded hey guys so it's quite a bit
later I was honestly editing for so long
and I just want to say goodnight because
I'm gonna get ready for bed also can we
talk about the fact that my hair is
staying like this I didn't use like a
hair tie and I just like twisted it put
in a bun and like it looks decent so
literally just jinxed myself oh my gosh
well anyways I'm gonna go to bat I love
you guys so system so much and I do you
hear that I said so much like me and so
gonna do for you
I love you guys so so so so much and I
will see you guys hopefully wrong bye
