hey guys today is Thursday I do not mind
the fact that I don't have mascara on
yet I was gonna do that later but I'm
actually on my way to Mia's today and
we're gonna get some lunch should I hang
out so you gonna bring you guys along
not really sure what else is gonna go on
in the day but yeah ash is gonna meet us
out there later - mm yeah anyway I just
wanted to say what's up in hi and I'll
let him stuff I wanted to bring my
computers that way I can edit my vlog
later hi know I had dream people came
and took you away and I told them I
would pay lots of money to take you back
and I was crying and I was so sad I woke
up and then you were there then I was
like hey guys
and we just had lunch with some of the
people from at beautycon and it was
really fun it was really good - but -
okay second group to Stella Barra they
have a humongous cookies you can't see
this this is heaven I got the Apple one
Apple Oatmeal one would you get what you
get gingersnap does it taste like a
gentle snap no like one but it stops
snappy
yeah very soft anyways yeah a big dinner
for you taking the bus our business is
depend on our coffee yeah it's gonna
finish you're starving and get some more
work
this is here Oh meaning me a evening it
wasn't talking to you yeah then talk
about why oh so I know it seems like we
just ate but in reality it's been a
while so we're going to dinner now so we
had some ramen
I know it's been like forever
canners see hi I haven't even flogged
you today everyone this is can hold him
on Instagram Atkin degree there you go
for your subtle plug I can this is me a
zoo puppy and I am his aunt
we are his auntie's and we love Him GOx
been so full who's your favorite auntie
auntie Lita auntie Lita all the booty Oh
booty though I am kin and I am so cute
raise your toy huh where's your toy oh
we found the spot with the other day
when we first met kin we brought toys
for him we have a little nephew yeah
look at the belly and the booty
everybody loves kungfu Kenny okay so we
are going ya know they buy the Keener's
in oh I see you so soon and you need to
meet Chloe and you guys are gonna stay
and it's gonna be an arranged marriage
and it's gonna be gorgeous
I'd say you make beautiful puppy we are
because here we are in downtown business
so we were having a family just eat your
steak yeah and yesterday but I figured
I'd divide it
I need pump with the caption it's a per
diem so party you so pretty battery they
don't and I totally municipal on the
batteries running today about it is
thank you
we got a venti skinny soy vanilla latte
and it looks for you boob so we are
currently about to take a snapshot of
the bay the one of the Bears yes let's
do this okay ready it looks pretty yeah
nice look at that basic I said that last
time but maybe I'll do a game you guys
I'm sad my battery died why was
snapchatting now I don't even want to
edit and upload because I think it looks
like horrible quality but Ashley was
like but do it anyway I think the audio
sucks too on the phone I wrote of a
brother scene right you'd rather see
would you rather see or rather need a
poor quality for the win hey guys
we're hanging everyone is fun absolute
you like Thomas here I did I love that
right
we are we going busy man where are we
going just deeply where are we going
it's me like this what oh okay anyways
here currently hopping from California
Adventure to Disney super exciting I
think we're gonna get some food because
I'm pretty hungry what are you doing
what are you doing
can you get my past for me that tea
year holla
are you ready I'm so ready I'm ready all
ready ready ready ready hi their trucks
are pretty fair class I know that's a
bird over there
I know I can jump jump
so we are now waiting for the parade and
the fireworks have like an hour and we
totally like costs and people for this
bench no I'm just kidding we won they
left they left but we were like eying
and we're like just don't get it I'm an
ash branch was like I'm getting it then
we go pop Kollek fighting is nice
explaining this me realize how much you
can see there's a man straight and
decassle is the rights tanner
update still awaiting no probably like
15 minutes no one left
we've been here like over now
it's a beautiful
okay so great just happen and it was so
amazingly beautiful and the like it's
worse people's Oh it'll sound magical
now we're gonna watch the fireworks
called Disneyland forever forever
forever I'm gonna cry I know I'm gonna
cry because I quite like that I do I do
but it's gonna be amazing the music is I
think it's gonna be beautiful I'm just
so excited
they
just then all this
Oh
so New York idioms got a sweatshirt
explained got matching 16th anniversary
for the years to come and I got a
lollipop for those insta-fix
