hey guys good boy good morning
we're both we're going to target weird
get stuff it's so bright I can't feel my
face but first stop good good good go
into the face
picking up a star B ya mus RV um I lost
my friend friends where are you where
are you getting some stuff for a collab
pretty excited I'm curious what you guys
think it's gonna be any guesses any
guesses dun dun dun dun da dun dun dun
butter Benson I'm gonna remember I got
my friends I feel my friends hi I lost
you I lost you I looked up and you
weren't there I found my other friends
yeah my noodles sticking all right oh my
gosh I was gonna get am a kiddie pool no
I was like wait I better wait to like I
have a director the very end so cute
hopefully I found these for you oh hey
guys so update time it's been a while I
think I think lost my vodka target now
5:49 p.m. and shout out to underscore
Alicia is my BAE on Instagram because
you're currently on my phone along with
weight loving at Mac maybe 11 shut up
you guys so we're currently filming well
nikki is filming I I'm having a crisis
in life because I just don't want to
film right now but like I have to I mean
I don't have to but I need to you don't
even have a heaven moment hey girl hey
go ahead but in other news we got some
cute stuff this is gonna be so cute I
ordered these noodle are these um
floaties so cute flutter and I'm really
excited from to be in the video
currently standing here to block the
light Lauren I am I think I'm a pretty
good Sun blocker come wash stupid we did
it in oh that looks so cute and it's
like Stu Oh son
okay so I just made this really cute
like DIY photobooth thing a purple party
and you guys terrible I'm actually
really excited for the citiots can be
super cute but we're on a time crunch so
I can't talk too much so that I love you
and because ah
so definitely done filming for today but
I can grab some tomorrow cause we got
nothing doing I was like oh it's still
there stuff definitely still there so
today is what I say thank we leave we
will you tell them what didn't yeah
Thursday June 25 2015
oh my battery
and we are gonna go get some coffee and
food because I'm so hungry I need some
coffee
I'm it's like lunchtime and then yet
getting some Duncan although starbases
but up palma ii orders the chips in play
yeah hola so currently Eddie Mickey and
editing is a penny currently Nikki and I
were just having an editing party and
Mia finally went the eye doctor and got
new contacts I can see you can see
nothing I mentioned it but um her
contacts broke so she went a whole like
day and a half without being able to see
and yeah system was everything and she
came back with some snacks pellet oh
whoa what do we got let's do it let's
mohawk we got chewy birthday cake is it
good hi
I see it's open Quaker chewy birthday
cake bars dude and then some salted
caramel popcorn no boom to the pot but I
mean honestly like this is really good
great low okay guys so sorry I looked at
my camera's here when we were down there
oh man but that's okay we just film and
I really enjoyed this video and Gabby
singing in the shop okay on my snap
story literally so funny and he we're
going to dinner tonight
and then we're going to tell and then
tomorrow is our meetup Alicia and I
literally spent like 25 minutes to the
pool trying to get under why I don't
even think one of those turned out like
they all look so ridiculous but it's
funny because you should keep them like
we put them in the bloopers so they like
did you have any yeah yeah I didn't know
it was so what we're like like no
because getting water burn up
hey guys so I'm sorry that this fail or
this failed this blog was such a fail
and is really short but I figured out
upload it anyway because I think today's
wals gonna be kind of long but these
meetups day which is really really
exciting so look out for my next vlog
which is gonna be us having a meet-up
and New Jersey
really really excited I start to say
goodbye because I usually suck at ending
vlogs and yeah I love you guys so so so
so so so much and see you guys mmm you
guys there
