good morning guys what is up and welcome
to vlogmas day 1111 fun fact 11 is my
favorite number yes you guys are
probably like yo Alicia you are looking
so good right now
thanks guys I conceded I meant to but
you know I know guys my makeup I did not
do it it looks freaking amazing I have a
photo shoot today just got my hair and
makeup done we are gonna be going be the
photo shoot so that's super exciting
I'm you guys get to see a little behind
the scenes of it although I hope you
enjoyed this vlog and then tonight we
are going to at the Jumanji premiere
which I'm excited for today's like kind
of a busy day and I think we're running
a little late so I should probably go
here's my comp outfit of the day right
now where is my comfy there it is wait
for it vlog --mess day 11 gonna be good
and be a good day so we just got the
first location we are on a parking
garage like on the roof or at the top of
it and we have a full setup going on
here we have all the shoes we have a ton
of clothes I'm not kidding this is like
the most full out I've gone for
something this is fat and then I can
show you like we're all literally just
almost like random gotcha tears
the first outfit doo-doo-doo-doo it's
like a glam there's a John Murray
location we're gonna go we're gonna
remember cancel our time we're shooting
in the studio and it's like so freaking
cool there's just like bathtub right
here and like that's amazing kids all to
work to do
Oh oh my god we got a little fire escape
yeah
suppose if a lot
on a fire escape holding the door it's
cute though
gasoline about hair flips no yeah
apparently on a fire escape drama used
to terrified of heights I'm supposed to
I'm so proud of you Oh like you can see
the ground yeah stuff done seven outfits
and then we're gonna get some extra more
fun photos and I think we're done I
really don't have too much to do this is
Jen she's amazing at her getting glammed
up guys no makeup I see I'm your mom
because it's like amazing do you see my
makeup like these brows though oh my god
they're like I've never seen my brows
like this before he looks so good
wait how long do you always spend on
brows don't you get good 15 minutes yeah
the mosan take is like 30 minutes oh my
god if I wanted to be like perfecting
like he done yeah yeah I usually take
like a minute but I can jump around 15
minutes
he's amazing makeup check out his insta
forgot his youtube links in the
description we want outlook we should
film something we should I'm dandy
whatever wait can't wait oh my god oh my
god I'm down have you survived
my hair and makeup oh my god That's not
me
I love it I'm totally loving this pony
my makeup is like on point point you
know like so good I wish I had you right
here makeup every day
no amazing I think that's gonna be my
new thing when someone says well like
put something you with the shorter
update time so we are currently headed
home shoot went really good it is
currently 3:23 p.m. stove I feel like we
said in every single vlog we are
starving guys I'm still not over my
makeup it looks so yeah so ordered some
food so it's gonna be it's actually
being delivered like Super Saiyan yeah
and then tonight we are going to the the
Rubicon camp and then tonight we are
going to the Jumanji how to use it
Jumanji but like every people pronounce
it definitely said it I feel like that's
the only way I would say it yeah
whatever
we're going to that for me I'm really
excited I loved that movie
growing up anyways we're headed home I
have to put vlogmas day 10 not because
it is not up yet yeah have to do that
update time so as you can tell we are
all ready for the premiere I'm really
excited and I want to show you guys the
full o TN of the night so I have the
same makeup and hair that I had earlier
from the shoot earlier which totally
worked out cuz then like I didn't have
to do my hair makeup dress is from
Alison Olivia it's this really cute
white it's like I it's super clean like
that's all the word I can like describe
it I really like it and then I'm wearing
some gold pumps so that is the outfit
and then I have a gold clutch somewhere
but yes so I'm gonna leave my camera
here because they really don't let you
sometimes you can't even bring in your
phone to premieres because obviously
it's the first time showing the movie
they don't want people recording it and
stuff but I'm gonna get some footage on
my iPhone X so I guess this is the first
time we can test out the camera quality
umm but yeah so anyways I'll see you
guys on the red carpet
we just walked on the carpet
I really my fear oh my god it's makes
people company I'm like shooting them
but I'm shooting anyway hey guys what is
up it is the next day and I'm trying to
get up this vlog so I just wanted to end
it the premiere was good at the carpet
was like kind of crazy a little
overwhelming but it was a it was a good
it was cute movie just want to end it so
I will see you guys tomorrow for another
plug um and I've been sitting literally
here at this bar stool for literally
look like such a hobo today like I need
to get ready so bad I'm going to Teela's
birthday party I'm really excited look
at this little munchkin hi cloud you
look so cute the tree still looks so
pretty
Oh
