hey guys so today is what is today
Ashley today is Monday tape Mundell
tweets Monday
happy Monday and Monday our theme is
today it's Monday exciting we are
actually on our way to the mall follow
follow actually cuz I have something to
return and that I also want to buy some
things because I'm selling a very
exciting video tonight and I need some
things for it so you guys will see what
that is later and yeah and I think we're
gonna get some lunch too
I'm excited because Ashley is officially
on summer vacation I'm excited yeah oh
my gosh it's so hot Disneyland's
beach trips full trip like our schedules
kind of like clashed this last semester
a lot I feel like for the first time I
had a lot yeah it definitely definitely
was hard this last semester and
obviously we're back from London I have
some vlog clips from like coming back
home on the airplane and stuff but
honestly I think it had like three it
was like so long ago that I'm just like
you know what I'm just going to skip it
so he came back Friday
I've just been filming and editing and
trying to catch up like doing laundry
just trying to like live life again yeah
really weird oh my gosh you guys when we
saw Chloe my heart melted I was like and
yesterday was actually her birthday
it was our first birthday we just heard
a third photo here literally the cutest
thing ever
she turned one our little baby's all
grown up alright so you should follow
her on Instagram
bt-dubs it's at it's me Chloe may juice'
almost a 70k
I think your craziness and Ashley's
almost at 100k whoo Paulo I be point
seven women get it hair is a total like
mane of a mess right now
your hair looks curly I curled it but I
mean it looks like you how it looks like
how he's really hair yeah I got you here
we go are you distracted Topshop has so
many cute things not even funny REO boom
brand top shots
those are Kia it was a cute
um I like the black ones however I do
have the black ones which I know y'all
ready where I don't all like I feel like
I need my hair so messy okay so I got a
skirt in two tops then I'm going to
return a neck pillow that I got from
birth through secret yeah okay I see me
feel like I lived here right before
London how many trips to me we made like
three glorious more trips like the same
you are two days before so it feels
great to have been hairless but yet it
filled it we were just here so pretty
it's so pretty
got some stuff so very little grey give
it some food get the food females like
giggle yo speak
okay so ball was super productive and
now we're headed to Cheesecake Factory
I'm so hungry also just posted this on
Instagram you're not following me on
Instagram
you totally should be it max baby lemon
it was telling everyone about our meal
Alicia Cullum that I posted last night
you should watch it so if you go to
Cheesecake Factory you have to get the
kale and quinoa salad lip balm
poems and now we are going to etosha a
very bright I cannot see for anything so
I'm looking for some PJ's and not having
good luck so far I think I just think
don't know what I'm looking for honestly
I think that's the problem in and then I
need an extension cord and need a couple
other things being and and Aniyah whatup
guys we are now back I see up horseman
as you can see and I was wondering if
you wanted to see a little halt I was I
yeah what I got today let's see yeah
mehleb spirit are I need a haircut so
bad actually let me get my hair done
also my roots are ridiculous they're
like that they're really bad ok so we
have a haul going on we're gonna start
with Nordstrom cuz that's the first
place that I went to I showed you guys a
little bit but I found this skirt from
Free People and I literally just like
fell in love with it looks like this the
material is like super super nice you
can tell it's not the kind that's gonna
like wrinkle and stuff and then it's
high-waisted it looks like that
you can totally not do this but there's
like pockets here on the front and I
just I think it's so cute especially
with like a shirt tucked into it I
thought that would be really cute and
then I just got two shirts from
somewhere from Topshop actually actually
has two of these and gray and black I
want to say and I totally stole them
Yoda and I am in love like I love them
they fit really really good and I like
how they're longer though I've got a
white one and also a light pink one like
so and that is everything from Nordstrom
next I went to forever 21 and for a
video I got these thing a hairbrush that
looks like this because I thought it was
super super super cute it was three
dollars and ninety cents and then I just
got this like pink cami which now I
don't think I need it was only a dollar
ninety cents so it's not like I'm gonna
go return it but I'm sure I'll like wear
this for some powder so that's for me
one and then
don't some da ya know and then lastly I
went to Victoria's Secret but I'm
actually not going to show you what is
in this bag yet because I'll show you
guys a little later because it's about
tonight and the exciting video is that
I'm filming I don't want to give too
much away what's in it we don't know we
don't know we don't know what's in it
do you want a sneak peek babies just
adjusted just kidding
that's just stop just kidding Shh yeah
and now I have about I wants like 40
minutes until I have to leave Sam's
gonna chill like Cooper yeah hello oh I
look so like some effect anyway guess
who I'm with hi hi our shadows our
shadows look like legit we are
cheerleaders because I didn't tell you
but at YouTube University is actually
happening and room truly so I'm just
kidding but I will say I miss being
chilly so bad
first memories guys I cheered if you
didn't know I cheered for like eight
years I want to say I miss it really bad
this Sun Oh baby Salman we be filming in
this field cuz we film in yo hallo
so filming was a success come back yes
we're worth it update time Joe sign is
being swing on anything
first of all Haley Haley hair she's just
running around I see you they see you be
that way straight guess what's going on
here's Heather oh hey we heard a - you
got her out with an iPhone cable so we
are filming an exciting video that
honestly I've been waiting to film a
video like this for a really really
really long time I want to feel like a
year to say I'm not going to say exactly
what it is yet although I'm kind of nice
I'm kind of sure you could guess if you
really thought about it all right
I mean when else will we ever film at
night honestly honestly real talk behind
the scenes of our Kubla our epic
awesomeness of a class Tammy why I ain't
in the mix
wait tell me what it I'm getting like
hot I know right do the outro all right
ready it's so much fun filming with
these two beautiful lovely ladies yeah
and again no you're not beautiful and T
photos is actually pretty fun like not
kidding having a lot better now
so we are having an epic hello fire now
and I got I got bows at Michaels and
that's gonna be like the feathers flying
it like it's gonna be so legit literally
like you put so much effort it's just
you know I hope you guys like it fed
ragged
so epic oh my gosh update it is
currently 2:12 ago we ain't even halfway
done
no well honestly we started this at what
I am 39 30 and this is the stuff we do
for you guys cuz we love you but I think
I'll be worth it I think to be fine Oh
currently eating Janine's um do i snack
sorry about it the roller gun
oh and making coffee cup number two for
the night
bless you Ava and your Keurig Oh
that shot though yeah it's so good
update it is currently 5:19 a.m. and uh
see what Sun is coming up oh my gosh so
tired haven't slept because hashtag Cola
because hashtag we started late because
hashtag don't know what this better be
worth it
surprisingly like mentally I'm pretty
wait I don't know if you guys saw
physically I am just like dead like what
good I can't move oh so tired I tweeted
out what time it is everyone's like
you're crazy the things we do for you
the pillows help lost time
literally light outside and someone's
getting it to go to work oh my gosh I
don't know we just heard their car I
heard their cry station you're going to
work like every normal person does can
we talk about how light it is right now
we don't even need to studio likes
anymore hate that great is it 30 because
remember okay okay we first started
filming Alicia's like okay it's 12
o'clock right man we'll be done by -
thank God that I thought we could have
if we were like boom boom boom boom boom
you know
we were just like not filling it how
young do I look with these pickles who
play dumb street fighter anyone the
video game Street Fighter boy there was
a girl it's like wait like a
coin-operated laundry mat yeah
that's a sweet fighter either the girl
picked hell she's like put you up
pulling up free laundry man dude I was a
poor child
Donkey Kong the girls won't become
chanting hell yeah ok dear but guys I
can't do that it's like the dead of
winter out there
fine there you go so I have one eyebrow
here's probably really confused now
you're like I thought I knew what the
video was and now I have no idea
and another update time is 7:02 a.m. we
did not plan this we're like oh let's
stay up all night and do this you're
like you let's just like knock this out
an hour you probably can't take me
serious with this like one eyebrow thing
it's when I look up the viewfinder thing
I'm like I can't even take myself
serious so you'd all we never showed you
guys like my surprise that I was saying
earlier anyway so remember when I said
that I went to you at Victoria's Secret
yes I got some matching robes for this
video because we be filming an epic
collab Oh so I didn't want like say what
it was to give it away but if you've
stayed this long on the blog then you
deserve to know yes so not sure with
this video it's gonna be up exactly but
get excited it's gonna be epic
right guys epicness I mean I won't go
that way I'll be like Abington my hair
look pray my brow look Cray my face
looks gay look everything look Craig
we're all I think I would recommend a
covergirl three-in-one foundation
because if it's lasted almost 24 hours
and looks like decent know it looks jank
um I just like I'm like like that but
I'm every since I was in their natural
right
hey guys so whatever's at 7:40 this 7:40
a.m. hashtag feel better Ava's gonna go
home and sleep
