go into the face place yeah the face hey
guys first of all I noticed this is like
really good lighting and I don't really
know why but we're gonna go in it
anyways how are you doing this fine
morning
well more like afternoon it's like 2
o'clock but that's ok so this morning
Ashley and I actually did some errands
and stuff and I just I don't know I feel
like yesterday's vlog was very like
errands and going shopping and stuff so
I figured I wouldn't blog that early I
don't know I don't know some of you guys
say I shop too much so sometimes I'm
like maybe I should invoke this secret
room makeover it's currently going on
and I want it I still want it to be a
surprise for you guys so I don't want to
like vlog everything I am currently
uploading yesterday's vlog it has 11
minutes remaining but then it's funny
cuz it has to process for like another
20 minutes or something so it'll
probably be up and like I don't know
like half an hour ish I guess so I
should go finish getting ready
instead of just sitting here waiting for
it to upload my hair to finish and um do
MMS here I haven't done miss care yet
honestly I was looking and I was like I
think something looks off and I just
realized that I said I'm not wearing my
skit right now and yeah so today is a
big filming day it's also a big like
video planning day errands and stuff so
oh hold on Ashley's calling me hey do
you like the blue better ok so ok
anyways vlog is up and that's exciting I
always love when vlogs get ups like very
rewarding so and it's fun because
knowing like right now a lot of people
are watching it you don't I mean like
hundreds of people are watching it right
now that's crazy that's crazy to me
anyways anyways anyways anyways hello
you are you crying did actually go
outside for three seconds what why are
you crying why are you crying she's like
mama left me I'm right here
it's okay hey it's okay it's okay
anyways Ashley and I are currently going
to go to Chipotle and get some food
because I am so hungry guys I am so
hungry so we're gonna go and brainstorm
some secret videos that I'm filming
tomorrow so speaking out I'm actually
not going to vlog tomorrow I think
because I'm filming some very awesome
secret videos so no blog tomorrow
so all right I'm sure Wednesday I'll be
logging again yes so anyways we're gonna
go plan out all of that stuff and then
later tonight I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
get dinner with steer and Eva so that'd
be fun are you chill now she's home she
was crying literally crying when you uh
she was freaking it I told her to love
me and she doesn't love me so we got
some Chipotle and it looks so good
Silvana even the sliding is like having
this pretty good intent in them
boom 60s maybe with a new romantic robe
and we are not more Elsa 14 oh boy he
was so cute not like if I was 14
so I got a salmon with some Brussels
sprouts and they look good
I do not know why hey guys oh sorry I've
been gone I feel like I've been saying
that a lot recently which I really don't
like today's Friday I think the last
I've logged was Monday when I see her
even I got dinner I watched it was
Monday so basically this whole week has
gone by and I have done nothing
basically well I've done a lot of things
but like nothing I don't okay let's say
Tuesday okay Tuesday I filmed that like
secret project which you guys will have
to see soon
no hits yet promise and then Wednesday
my family went to my aunt's house in San
Clemente just kind of hung out there and
hung out with her yesterday what did i
do yesterday what did I do
Oh yesterday I had some meetings in LA
so I was there all day and then I went
to Mia's just for a little bit like wait
out traffic and stuff I know I should
have bought yesterday but it was my
camera here and then I was just like mer
I was really tired and for whatever
reason I had migraine so I was just kind
of like mer then today I actually got my
hair done this morning I don't know if
you can even tell or see I got so much
taken off I got it's like it feels so
short now
oh my god it was like an inch and a half
two inches off just because my split
ends works so bad I knew they were bad I
was actually gonna do something pretty
drastic but then I decided to wait I
think it's held next time just because I
feel like I wanted more of a different
cut right now because like my split my
ends were so bad let's um finish putting
on mascara cuz I don't
any mess get it on okay so I just sat
down and we are about to film my video
actually I am so excited for summer I'm
sure a lot of you guys are too so
hopefully this will just get you
inspired and in the mood but first of
all I will say you better watch every
single second of this video because
there is one really really epic giveaway
that's most happen PS Starbucks is not
included so basically I'm giving away
all of the essentials like all of my
summer essentials you guys gonna be 20
with me and someone's gonna win some of
those pants hey guys so we are at a park
also dad visiting so he's helping us
some today which fun food also this
video has a very exciting giveaway and
you guys should be yeah but you're my
sister I think I think we're getting
getting somewhere
might get dinner after this and penny we
are going to buy like a bomb
like really smooth like it was so how
are you coming like not even an hour
which is good which is good
brave
but I'm usefully
