hey guys hey guys so how are you doing
day is Sunday and it is the afternoon
yeah and guess who I went right now
Mickey it's like bad quality and I don't
know why but it they're having one of
our epics guys dates because we we do
that all the time and uh and yeah I
don't wait Alicia please just come into
Pennsylvania and why am i coming for
having a meet-up in New Jersey
I haven't announced it on my blog
channel well if you know Smith and I
pull up E that I got to get just to your
precious little math you know but really
um we are having a New Jersey meet up
with niki and gabi me and Mia so you
guys have to come I will say though it's
going to be extremely crazy so go to I
play America calm and that's where you
can get tickets they're free if you want
to get tickets but you want to like
reserve them but if you want 5 VIP
package then you can do that and you're
like guaranteed at times like meet us
and hang out with us after everything
like there's a panel and every like it's
gonna be really really fun if you can
buy a ticket if you want to or if you
want to just come then just be sure to
reserve a ticket the only thing is I
don't want to say just come the day of
and stuff because I don't want everyone
getting like there and then they're like
it being like tickets are gone and
everyone's like mad because they thought
they could meet us and then it can't all
the infos on the website and I'm gonna
put a whole bunch of stuff in the
description box so I'm so excited I
mentioned it or we all mentioned down on
Instagram but I haven't um but I haven't
uh-oh my sake what do I say I'll have a
Senate in a video yet so we're having to
meet up and I'm so excited New Jersey as
we are coming East Coast Mac babies one
tear my mouth okay but remember like it
was a couple blogs ago I was like oh New
Jersey Mac babies like there might be
something coming up soon that was it and
it's actually happening and I'm really
really really excited so yeah gonna be
fun and we made some coffee
hallo my lollipop from yesterday
so Skyy think Nikki was really fun we
always talked for so long I think we
talked for I don't know like two and a
half hours to or something like that
it's crazy but normally we talk for like
five hours or something like its legit
crazy
so Ashley left and it's just me right
now
and I literally just spent the past hour
probably on my computer looking at like
decorative pillows and just room do
boring stuffs because as you guys know I
really really want to redo my room so I
decided a spontaneously I'm gonna go to
Target hopefully just find some stuff
like I'm just like it's been taking so
long for this I just well like buy
everything and like whatever I have in
my head what I want it to look like so
we'll see if it actually like looks good
I may not even find anything but we're
gonna go to Target cuz yeah okay let's
cross our fingers that we find some
stuff because I really really want to
find some stuff let's do it okay so we
have found some pretty cute stuff I do
have to say as you can see a bit full
car I feel like it's always happens to
me but Ashley's not here I'm always so
productive and always find so much stuff
I think I'm also gonna go to digimax or
my goals because I think I want a couple
more things you don't have here hey guys
so I'm here with Emma and we're
basically BFFs now because we met at
Michael how long goes up I'm like a few
weeks couple weeks ago and now we ran
into each other at Target and I'm sure
we'll run into charges in one day BFF
goals hashtag BFS cool so I would
definitely say that was a very
successful shopping trip out of you
could see this but I have so much stuff
ended up going to Michael than t.j.maxx
after Target and I got a couple things
from there I honestly like guys I am so
excited I was excited I think this is
actually happening and I'm very excited
think I might like incorporate it into
this week's video I have an idea but
we'll see if it actually turns out good
yeah I'm so I keep saying I'm excited
anyways I was gonna go to Mia's tonight
and Chloe and Ken we're gonna meet but I
ended up getting really late right now
me is all the way in Malibu so I think
we're just gonna reschedule don't worry
do not worry Ken and Chloe will meet and
they will love each other and you guys
will definitely be there to witness it I
promise I was
Aisling see she wanted to get some
dinner back to the Wally pop in
yesterday's vlog you saw that literally
when I'm a parent and I'm bringing my
kids to Disneyland there's no way I'm
gonna get them one of these no joke I
was eating this all day yesterday and
it's not even halfway gone like giving
your kids without Disneyland I can't
even imagine like there's no way they
can finish it it's just gonna like fall
and then you know any of me that make me
a horrible parent you gotta cheer oh you
can have some popcorn you can have so
much stuff and finish that all before
you finish this it's crazy
although I will say it is really good so
I'll probably get my kids one you know
you know be a cool mom anyways I figured
I would show you guys from the stuff
that I bought cuz like a mini haul okay
so let's go ahead and get started so
first it starts like the little
knickknacks knickknacks and stuff most
importantly I gotten you a coffee cup
and it say is good morning sunshine it's
yellow like the Sun so I really liked it
and I thought it's really cute
oh and there's our Michaels I just got
this little like planting because I
thought I was really cute I got a candle
from Target and I really like the colors
on this so it's kind of more of like a
decorative decorative wow I just melted
without those with the lid on Wow also I
cut off a piece of the lollipop so sorry
about doing some of these light lanterns
if I'm back to actually have these in
white so I figured maybe if their Pete
like colored and pink I would use it so
I got the next got a couple of shirt and
then I got this really cute jewelry dish
and I don't know it's like so like coral
color of it so we got some knickknacks
over here we got some most stuff we have
some poster board because that's
actually for a whole separate DIY also
got a comforter for the first time in
forever for the first time in forever
okay I never actually have a damn
comforter in the duvet so I finally got
one so I'm excited to actually have my
bed looks like a bed and then I got a
blanket which I'm actually like I'm not
sure if I'm going to keep it or exchange
it and get a different kind but I really
like the color so soon else we got this
little like container thing which I
thought was kind of cool like oh that's
a storage bin this was from TJ Maxx then
I also got hot guys I went like full out
I think like that's even an
understatement I was blah another
clothing rack and this one is actually
all white and that's why I wanted this
one I already have one but that one is
like gray and black and I've had
for years and it's broken I'm so excited
guys I am so excited okay so it's a
little later now sorry about that
it is currently and can't raise the
clock because I'm blonde 820 ish I
actually went out to dinner we've got
some ramen and I completely left my vlog
camera here so I'm sorry okay guys so
I'm going to face my closet and start
giving away which stuff have a trash bag
here and peace my lollipop I'm ready to
go through this and get rid of some
stuff recording there's a log cause I
don't anymore if I haven't won it in
like six months
going back turns out bad I used to love
this top holla huge bag of giveaway
clothes back number one because I'm sure
there'll be more than one hopefully
someone else will enjoy these clothes
and that more than me I'm totally gonna
like all my friends and stuff go through
it first and then I'll just donate it
because there's honestly honestly cute
stuff in here right read it read it read
it both update first of all don't mind
my clashing like sweater shirt it's it
is currently 10:47 p.m. and I am just
cleaning my room because it is very
messy what is super super messy now
Queen that was getting clean also sorry
this light is like very bright I
actually have my studio light on just so
it's easier to see and one of the
benefits of that is that you would
actually have decent lighting for like a
night vlog clip I will say this is
making me look very shiny because I
probably am hashtag oily skin probs I'm
actually doing laundry for the first
time in four and okay but really since I
went to Disneyland I've been seeing does
he sounds like 24/7 which I added more
to the pile as you guys can see but yes
plus I'm finished just hanging up some
clothes totally forgot I had this dress
loved it so much
hey guys so it is a lot lighter now and
I'm extremely tired so I think I'm just
going to go to bed as you can I already
took off my makeup and brush my teeth
well you can't really tell that I brush
my teeth but you know what I meant love
you guys so so so so much and I'll see
you guys later tomorrow yeah
