good morning guys today's Wednesday oh
my gosh so much to do today
we are packing for London today but on
top of that I have to finish filming two
whole videos I have to pack I have to go
to the mall I have to figure out why two
of my packages haven't even come yet
bye bye mom birthday present eyebrows
threaded buy some stuff from Sephora aka
a lot to study for final oh and pass
literally I don't even know we're gonna
see what happens same what doesn't
happen let's start this crazy of an
adventure day currently 10:40 awesome
yeah
it
people live agree : dying so we're here
at the park so now you're filming did it
here's missus monologue lately there's
been a smudge and I noticed when I was
editing let's do this so we are
Coachella flying up this shirt as you
can see this half is the before and this
F is the after I think it's super cute
it's like yo peace
sheshe Oh round the world pretty girl
that song has been stuck in my head all
morning
oh I was totally listening to like 90s
throwback Britney on Pandora while I was
getting ready so that could be it
although that song didn't even come on
but it reminded me of Britney
oh pretty good which is so pretty
sometimes those times it look like a
fetus hobo like what's my hair doing
right now okay guys oh my gosh it is a
lot later now I think it's like
40-something pretty sure we found the
perfect outfit those shoes
voice cheesy the shoes oh my feet are
probably gonna die but they're so cute
you guys are going to school oh I'm
feeling a lot better
however it's a lot later in the day and
I would have liked so that happen one of
the main stuff got filmed right we just
have little thing tomorrow we
celebrating my mom's birthday because
we're gonna be gone over her birthday
we're gonna have like little party I'm
gonna go get pedicure in the morning at
the mall I looked at that dresses I got
so cute and then then dead then did it
into the head that it ends intense
intense intense
where are we going guys where we going
ash look London did I'm excited and
we're gonna go check in I'm so much
stuff here we go of td8 let's do this
house here actually talents meow I go
okay here food
I think I'm so awkward go long at the
airport when you're by yourself so
that's I'm going to have
got a pizza I got it slice for slice
yeah here we go
exciting news guys
this happened in the airport like at the
very fun
have a beautiful name
Oh
let me show you
literally so excited right now so we
were about to take off
where we are I look like hummus before
anyway we are currently and the taxi
willing to do tell Wiki I'm so dizzy
right now oh wow oh my gosh oh I've been
waiting for this and at home it's like
what 4 or 5 a.m. it's like 1 o'clock
here 1:40 kudos - I need some coffee I
need a change and shower whoo grunts ok
update a little more ready now looking a
little less fetus which is nice so we
are going to a style Hall thing
tonight's one of their like little pre
beautycon things thanks but I'm wearing
a black booties some shorts from Free
People and a white tank top courtesy to
Ashley's I did not bring one fat Jew um
and yeah Lego
we keep guys what I'm like what area are
we on in right now awkward Maya
okay so now we are walking around sama
and it's like so cute here I feel like
this is like the Rodeo Drive of London
it's really really nice and we see a
telephone booth I'm being such a tourist
but I don't even care
hey guys we saw everyone oh we kissed me
okay guys where do I look look here at
the filmic there that's very I dare this
is like about look good what you do it
games over hi Mon so we have Chanel and
their mess all the nicest stores in the
world who are we walking girl walking
how you play man I'm so hungry angry who
do we see this like to have a friend
like you're it looking at a red chip in
my house
oh oh man I got some what is this
pesto spaghetti with pesto sauce and a
side salad which is like a huge solid
but I'm okay with that
hey guys so today is beautycon damn what
fun they want well there's only one day
but that's okay we'll pretend you know
it sounds better say jae-won that ready
go away
yeah
box number Z over part two we're waiting
for this one
they're on fire block takeover
I'm here at the Mita we're have we've
been here for a while
I'm not sure what time it is Fred Nick's
having little meet up and you like I was
like I should lock do it
doesn't feel like a caricature done and
she means it
good
hey guys update time it is now 5:05 p.m.
in london so at home at home - blobbin
oh my gosh man
kennedy 9:00 a.m. 905 905 905 beautycon
ended we're back at the hotel
i am so tired it was so much fun though
meeting everyone everybody here is so
nice like so unbelievably nice I love
everyone's accents I really love it I'm
sorry I was a failure of a vlogger today
I didn't really want to much hopefully
Ashley in you guys we did we did yeah
but yeah quick Oh Oh T D because I'm
sure some of you guys were wondering
dress is from dresses from Ann Taylor
it's actually like a mom store but I
really like it
hope you can see this there's like
leather strips right here which i think
is just so cute how do I seem like a
Jersey and stuff so thumbs to be cute
and then I was wearing these shoes which
are from Aldo and they're just like
gorgeous can we talk can we talk about
these super cute so yes anyways for
tonight we are just going to go out to
dinner and we're gonna go eat so just
sitting here opening some gifts because
some of you guys gave me some by the way
oh sweet don't ever feel like you have
to bring me something like you just
coming up and saying hi to me means the
world so please don't feel like you know
whatever and I was just opening some
presents because you guys gave you some
and seriously I am like oh you're so
sweet
literally love everything thank you so
so so much can we talked about this
shirt it says London and I'm so excited
about that and thank you to Eve and Leah
for this and to Shantae for some of
those goodies and seriously like marry
like everyone like it literally so cute
thank you um meetup hall I guess I don't
know Scala if you're now going to dinner
I asked
every single person that both of my
meetups like where'd you go and everyone
pretty much said to go to at hand OHS
I'm publishing that totally wrong those
friends are so hot we're just so
different here the back home just saying
like you got some sandwiches omelet kale
and smoked cheese staying crazy it's
like so different
hi what my face looks so red because
yours is really green compared to more
like Christmas
aka the sprinkles tired okay don't judge
us on Christmas Kiki we're so cute Oh
what does happen
I ordered a sleeper sofa for Alicia or
when she sleeps I'm there like once a
week
she's only one that calls I come up side
she said how many time so I was like
speaker Boise so anyways update time I
was just editing my vlog I'm so sorry
it's been quite a few days things have
just been so crazy but yes I think now I
can start being a little more consistent
because this week's video is like up and
you know whatever doing that I just want
to end the vlog right now thanks for
watching you should subscribe if you're
new to the vlog baby's family because
it's cool and the mallet scambling
touched on so looks so good to be like
it's too minute you say it without your
mouth moving
stupid like it so yeah but when you can
do it like an octopus like the bother
the brain thing is like oh cool a cookie
I was like at you're here oh because Mia
did get to get her extension everyone
was like she got her extension eased oh
yes go watch their vlogs I said if your
absolute also I would love love love if
you're from London or you've been to
London can you please like leave us
suggestions of things to do and specific
like restaurants to go eat and stuff
because that would help us out so much
because both of us are staying a little
extra longer because we want to make it
like a vacation but we are clueless and
we don't know what to do
super cute cafes are
things like that Ashley captain Turner
my hair it just looks like one huge bed
it's like three twins put together so
boom boom boom it just looks like a huge
like a white comfy pit I'm rambling I'm
just gonna have to edit this out which
is got a few more time oh yeah okay so
my battery died um
Starbucks were you hey Gracie just so
had my camera battery died at Starbucks
that's what but were we last uh ended
awesome every likes stopped I'm so tired
I did have a coffee so I'm like kind of
what it is about 12:51 am about what
totally delicious
what is it about 1:00 a.m. and then I
said 1251 so I put it together it feels
like it's about Torchwood anyways I'm
gonna go I love you so so so so so so
much
I ain't bye Hey
