hey guys so long time no talk
I'm so sorry I'm story short I don't
even know how to explain why I've been
gone from this channel it's been like a
week and honestly the best way that I
can describe it is I feel like I've just
been playing catch-up this whole like
honestly since London I could say no
whether it's filming our editing like
for my main channel or doing errands or
doing homework or like doing anything
like that I just feel like I'm like not
there and then the thought of like
adding vlogs to that was like very
stressful because I know that vlogs
don't seem like they take a lot of time
but in reality like they do take a good
two hours a day and that's just to like
edit and upload and export and do the
thumbnail and all that fun stuff that on
top of everything I was just like I
can't do it all I hope you guys
understand and I am so sorry that I've
been gone but I promise I've missed
blogging so much that I'm like excited
to be blogging again so I think it's
overall a good thing it is Tuesday I
believe an average took shower and we're
gonna do some errands really quickly
we're gonna film later go to Starbase
later and remember sorry I did so leg up
so girly do my makeup in a big car
because why not actually dropping Chloe
ah didn't her seat belt back here it's
for your safety babe she is having her
oh-ho won't be sassy pan she's gonna get
her hair cream so you're gonna look all
cute babe you gonna go cute like mama I
don't like seatbelts why do I have to
wear a seatbelt today we're gonna drop
her off and then I think we're gonna go
to Target to be able to have to buy some
bathing suits and I think that's all I
have to get there and yeah I gotta make
my brows look on sleek because right now
they are not on fleek good I miss you
we'll see you in like an hour ago you're
getting Saffy you can do it you can do
it
that's a big jump for a little ones
today oh the minute we are on our way
Butare yeah che
Oh to charm I think the meaning to
this hopefully should be quick I don't
think I need too much else
just realize today is Wednesday not
Tuesday sorry for said Tuesday earlier
thank you for some bathing suits target
always has the best speaking suits and
the world I have some at home I can use
so maybe I'll end up using some that I
have at home they have a lot of options
though what's the night not fun that's
cute I like the like that it's thicker
in there that's different I can go with
like summer stuff yeah hey we found a
big seat super excited because it took
what like 10 minutes very long I had one
at home and I left him on my dad's house
I was trying to do like repurpose like
old bathing suit type of thing so just
to go with it though no I'm just
vlogging and I'm here with hope hi Anne
Tessa
hey you want to say hi so I don't say hi
but maybe I get a picture with you yeah
this is great well you sure look the
garage in the garage yeah cool we'll get
that we're debating getting sarbs we're
not to be it's like a great fighter
do you like the target one I really
Shevek better should we just go there I
do but I feel gross because I'm all like
this I'm like this yeah that was a good
movie but this is the book this was a
good movie good movie I came to starve
so we can get some
are
like I could go into the bank we do it
could go into the face place yeah my
face place pick in the bazaar be a star
bees depend on our coffee coffee gonna
finish your Darby and get some up
what so I got a skinny soy vanilla latte
iced grande I said the barbers grande I
skinnies Oh vanilla latte holla do get I
got a grande iced can't even a latte
with soy milk hot though but Starbucks
yesterday to get her coffee and the lady
was like oh my gosh I love when people
say it correctly we're just that legit
the star Bay is bang baby doctor baby
baby baby star from Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
star big time agree also actually a news
hop yesterday Ashley got three she was
at the mall think it looks great egret
just started their semi-annual sale and
it was the first day yesterday and I was
at home being a fetus and like Godzilla
I'm leaving I was reading the only thing
that I did yesterday was read Paper
Towns like I started the book the day
before and I basically read the entire
book yesterday like not even kidding us
all I did from the second I woke up to
like when I slept thought it it was
crazy damn she finished it I finish it
done and it was so good so excited for
the movie know it was a good book when I
passed going to the Victoria Secret sale
to read it
Ashley got me from the sale I'm not sure
how much it was thought to show you guys
and some of the things that actually got
from me yesterday because I was like I
will pay you back just like like just
buy me a whole bunch of stuff basically
the boys that's what she did so
really like extra good there's a smudge
on this
in a fluke I told you guys that I will
show you what I got a see Victoria's
Secret to my annual sales round one I'm
guaranteeing you there will be more
anyways here it is let's see so first of
all I can mention I got this top right
here do you like I'm just like chilling
here like he yeh got some stuff and
let's see what's in here so we got some
lotion pink which fresh and clean mmm
what smells really good it's literally
the packaging this looks so cute also if
you're new to my blog channel or my
channel in general kind of obsessed with
Victoria's Secret like no just buzz an
understatement huge understatement baby
animal any body lotion we got two of
these little like um makeup bags or like
just little bags can you tell I like the
color pink so both of these were like $7
awesome this one run like a little coin
purse and stuff which i think is super
cute and then this one's like more of a
makeup pouch I got this one not that
long ago I just I don't know why I love
bag so what else is in this magical bag
we have some yoga pants to look like
this so they're gonna be perfect for
like working out and whatnot so that
they say pink on the leg reversible like
with the band right here so you can fold
it down and it can be like blue or you
can have it rolled up and it's gray so I
think that those are those are nice
these pants I am so excited for I have
one of these for the longest time like
pants like this the one that have the
pink band I don't know why I just think
they are so cute
and they go tight like at the bottom and
stuff and then on the side it says love
pink pink you ass I'll pay you back
and we're filming filming filming di
what DIY di what DIY what DIY any guess
is what it is nope nope give you a hint
I did a video just like it a couple
months ago we're doing another one and
it has a key balloon holla
maybe paint in we may paintin as you can
down greatly pasting what's funny is
when okay fine
actually going to go at Chloe right now
so I'm finishing filming while she goes
we don't realize like when I film stuff
like this like an overhead shot and
reality
like through the tripod because I have
to like have you know like I have to be
able to like actually paint I'm like
sitting here on a chair it's like trying
to lean through the tripod Stephanie and
I'm currently trying so hard not to get
paint on my fingers which is why there's
like paint all over the place mask
because I'm like trying not to touch it
I just got my nails done not there yeah
I got my nails done actually got them
done um two days ago with Mia and Ashley
and and yeah so anyways okay I can
totally I have you guys like on a glass
right now okay cool yeah I like to set
up I was totally not kid and like middle
school high school elementary school who
loved arts and crafts I'm like I loved
it so much someone here oh I don't
believe that Chloe was here in a
packaging I've got a package which is
very very exciting because I totally
know what this is
you guys know well most of you know I've
been meaning to redecorate my room for
the longest longest time action being
active about that I'm finally ordering
some stuff and I'm so excited I kiss
turns out so we'll see yeah here we go
pretty excited oh this is from Norma Phi
they have some really cute like bedding
and stuff so um I actually have another
package coming with some more pillows
bullets I got got this one that says but
first coffee because because yeah you
guys this is like me to a tea like no
other and then then I got a new
comforter set and it looks like this
it's like white with like a minty design
on it I guess you can say also got ready
for this we get to like fluff apply it
so I got this
so for pillow which looks like this with
this the new comforter oh my gosh you
guys Alicia's room makeover is happening
and I'm so very excited about it
hopefully tonight we can like put all
this on and then cross your fingers that
the other package comes tomorrow that
would be amazing
yay yeah yeah so much stuff oh my gosh
oh my gosh
love it look
Oh Oh Joe everyone your new hairdo sit
sit good girl
she'll everyone we could we got Bulls we
have pom-pom in both my ears and I also
have a really cute bandana wanna see do
I have monkey ah do I have monkey babe
go get so my parents in here now I
mentioned that you guys might come over
so hi yeah and my mom was at my aunt's
house and she found some old pictures I
have to show you guys this is extremely
embarrassing and I probably am going to
regret this
where do we start with restart he's one
of me actually look at me oh look at
Ashley she looks so cute I kind of
looked like a boy here but it's because
ponytails were my favorite thing in the
world oh my gosh look at that sass she's
like mmm believe it or not I was
actually really shocked I still I'm kind
of shy but like especially knowing her I
was extremely shy people don't believe
me when I tell them that and totally
like see it in these pictures and I'm
watching some bo's'n literally me in the
morning why have a ballroom with no
balls finally they're opening up the
gate and sing through the night update
blast sweet-talk ended up going to Japan
a with my parents for dinner and we just
talked for a long time we just calmly
hung out so currently I'm an Ashley's
dream if you could not tell money well
Mikey I like that we took out her all
her little bedazzled nose because we
think she's cuter without it although I
do think she's adorable with it but you
know we are currently trying to pick out
some outfits for Ashley because she has
photo shoot tomorrow
so it's what we're doing you guys can
help everyone this is cute
yep make yeah I think I'm holding it out
a weird angle so it looks like different
but it looks it's super cute I like it
you're blonde like pop I think you
should wear something blue for sure
looks so cute heck yeah that's my sister
option number two that's very flattering
I think it's more flattering than the
blue one because shoulders yeah like you
look really good you look like fit Oh
watch my shoes Oh cute cute visions
decisions I'll think about that one
Buddha oh I think that's super cute
super cute bye
