hey guys so today is Friday ever like
all day all day no just kidding all week
my days have been off like yesterday I
thought it was Friday today I thought it
was like Saturday I'm like no today's
Friday it's just it's been a weird
good news I'm feeling a lot filling yes
there is more good news I'm feeling a
lot a lot better overall I'm still like
kind of Murphy Murphy perfect but I like
I see the light at the end like one
maybe two more days and I think I will
be perfections I'm really excited about
that
yay oh come here oh so much hyper you'll
play in two seconds promise what they
finished filming her her old the feisty
I'm feisty
I wanna play oh my gosh Chloe it's not
raining anymore but it was like pouring
earlier like crazy raining but I really
like rainy days because we hardly get
them so I'm always like yeah some you're
like I'll come you must wet shirt and
whatnot but yeah anyway sorry those
Dilek dishwasher is going that's loud
sorry we are filming and you know when a
when these bad boys come out to sound to
be good we're filming like thee I called
them like the narrator clips because I
don't know what else to call it but like
when this Alicia is on the screen you do
you mean at the high ponytail what I
like explain things explain things yeah
cool oh yeah see you so are filming
those right now and then we still have
quite a bit to film after that but it's
okay we're skin today I'm praying that
is just a smooth day so yeah okay guys
what we're doing well do guys get a
little behind the scenes today of my
things to do in summer video yes that is
the video that's going up I forget if
I've said that in past vlogs or not but
this is yes I'm excited I'm really
excited pacifically like when you're
bored like when you don't know what to
do
this is like perfection for that so yeah
are you ready for this let's go
okay so the first thing you can do this
summer when you have nothing to do dig
out all your old board games and stuff
so the first thing you can do it so the
first thing that you can do this summer
when you have nothing to do is dig out
all of your old board games and stuff
you know like not believe or twister
okay so now we're about to film a well
I'm in popcorn oh boom chicka but we're
about to film a music video portion kind
of excited not gonna lie get a release
my inner Beyonce ready here we go
filming I think it's a photo shoot
minute idea why I fancy photo shoot and
here's what it looks like
I've been work work work work work work
anyway let me meet this sorry yeah okay
so to have an impromptu you photo shoot
while like every other wall to lighten
missed while all the lights in the
furniture was moved and stuff I had
asked to take a photo of me
boom so sassy I love it so I'm currently
about to post on Instagram and is 243
p.m. so now you guys know like what I
was doing while I was posting my
Instagram I was vlogging about posting
my Instagram ready here we go here we go
one tons been dumped and oh the lights
are down that's why I was like
something's different
ready 1 wait 1 1 wait 1 2 and 3 posted
but the goop goop goop goop go there
it's not there it's there and ER hi I'm
behind 20 like what do you like now
we're just gonna watch all the comments
come in I'm at the carpet mmm question
of the day was what are your favorite
emojis and comment them below you guys
comment your favorite emojis well I can
just kind of hardened the YouTube thing
or at least tell me like what your
favorite emoji is be like the girl with
her hand out like this or is like this
no it's like this see but I like that
one
boom yeah work you know what that could
totally be like a new profile pic I
yeah you did kumquat we all pose for
Chloe soon hello you need to post on
your Instagram everyone all the club abs
are wondering where where their Queen
Chloe is a new picture totally goes with
the theme I'm loving it but that's that
so I'm just sitting here and editing
editing editing editing I don't want to
edit just kidding I want to edit because
I really want to upload but at the same
time I'm like I don't want to edit it
can't just like magically edit itself oh
I'm really hungry but I'm too lazy to
cook and that's the problem if you see
the problem that's the problem really
I'm like way too lazy to cook right now
Michaels get food but then I was like I
could post mates or something now if we
delivered I don't know man I don't know
kind of hardcore craving in and out
right now so that's the thing the
struggle is real the struggle is so real
quo it's so real hope you'll come for me
babe okay that was done with your face
is ugly your face is pretty you top of
it update time so I am going to go get
some food because I am so hungry
I'm just not filling cooking at home for
whatever reason it is for 36 p.m. I am
being bad so Kat if you're watching this
you should stop watching this she'd be
mad be very mad if she knows my Moscow
I'm fading in and out like no other so
I'm gonna go to in and out because I
haven't had it in months and I'm just
I've been craving it Ashley's gone and
I'm just I'm just here and why not
you can splurge every now and then but
I'm gonna tell myself that's what's
going on where we're going
you won't beat play you everywhere i go
everywhere I go everywhere
hi doing love about you oh hey thank you
looking after you um can I have it
number two please with onion and cheese
fries okay and then just out of water
for the drink
okay so it's cheeseburger with onions
when she's fired water yeah like this in
Boxster car this way gonna be six
minutes it'll be okay thank you yes it
looks so beautiful already thank you so
much yeah good so good stealing a crime
oh my gosh haha Rosalyn I am so happy
right now I got a cheeseburger and some
cheese fries I've been creaming this for
so long
I'm finally here so some I eat and and
yeah anyways right now is 551 and I'm
actually going to start getting ready
because it's make birthday and she's
having a party tonight I mean as much as
I would love to just you know where this
I probably should wear something a
little more nice I guess I'm gonna go
pick up Ava in like an hourish and then
we're gonna head out there honestly I'm
not sure I'm going to vlog just because
I don't know I feel like it'd be nice
just for all of us just to hang out and
off to worry about filming or anything
like that I'm sure you guys understand
um sometimes it's just fun just to like
hang out and whatnot
yes and speaking of my battery is dying
that's fun
