hey guys hey guys so today is Thursday I
do believe that sounds right and I'm
still feeling horrible but overall
better like I can't um getting better
but I just like I still just feel like
disgusting and slimmer I'm so behind on
filming this week's video this should
have been basically almost done and I
feel like I'm just now starting who's
that
so that's what we're doing right now
about to film a scene as you can tell it
involves baking and I have this really
cute cupcake apron thing I'm pretty
excited about not gonna lie so we're
hoping that hopefully I mean makeup does
do wonder so you can't really like
doesn't look like I'm sick probably hit
my voice I just feel like hummer I don't
like it but one day at a time we still
gotta film this video so so yeah so we
got to make it happen right you doing a
strawberry sauce strawberries we are
baking probably like Alicia what are you
making good question we are baking a
Betty Crocker super moist cake mix cake
mix cake mix yellow cake yes this stuff
is bomb I don't know if you've tried it
I like grew up with this every time we
had cake or baked something we always
have this so mom I know you're watching
this this is an honor of you because I
know you love this stuff anyways yes
Louis
you ready baking some cake
yellowcake his fault you already know in
the fast lane Oh from LA to Tokyo gotta
like this yaha he oven to 375 for shiny
metal pan or 350 for dark or non-stick
pan
tendons oh here's a cake yes as you can
see there's a bite taken out of it that
was for the shot I wanted to show it
make it look like I ate a bite of it so
so that's what that is isn't it so
lovely funny
we didn't have a cake pan so how do you
use just like a regular pan so that's
why it's like a square it was pretty
much pretty decent macca maligne i had a
bite oh so Chloe wants the groomers and
cheese oh oh thank you baby thank you my
boy we need lyrics
turnable presents babies you look mommy
read me okay thank you mom baby she
looks so cute look at the little oh oh
thank you ah I'm just gonna watching the
office and editing season 1 episode 1
starting from the beginning the next bin
show babies come here come here Chloe
Chloe Chloe she doesn't love me
haha I got a treat now she love me sick
baby sit good girl
let's show them our trick come here
Freddie
twirl twirl twirl good girl good girl
Oh boom so update been a while is now
5:44 p.m.
I've just been snuggling here on the
couch and editing currently uploading it
yes
today's vlog so I'm doing that right now
I'm actually really excited to get that
up because I wasn't like it's really
hard but I'm trying to focus on a main
Channel video when I still have daily
vlogs to put up because like because I
still take quite a bit of time I think
this took me like an hour and a half to
fully edit import edit upload do the
thumbnail and like now it's uploading so
I have seven minutes left but still
takes kind of a lot of time so long
story short I'm really happy that I was
able to get that up still binge watching
at the office as well you can't tell but
I promised I would
oh are you still watching when you get
that sign that's when you know you've
been watching a show for a wild yes I'm
still watching they should know this by
now like why studied in there anyways
so after this uploads I'm just going to
start editing when I may have a video
and then maybe I'll start editing this
blog or later I don't know she's just an
editing day really he was hoping that'd
be more of a filming day but I think
just tomorrow that's what I'll do
tomorrow I have a lot a lot a lot a lot
a lot of filming and hey yeah let's go
to is so good we changed it up today as
you guys thought Ashley was amazingly
sweet and her and Chloe brought to me
some scarves this is actually a white
chocolate mocha with soy milk this is so
good it's definitely one of the more
higher calorie drinks because it's so
amazingly good but those are okay every
now and then you know this is one of my
favorite Starbucks drinks hands down in
the entire world I just try not to get
it too much because it is not the best
for you I mean like if you have one
everyday that's like you know I like to
make these a little extra treat and it
was definitely a tres day but thanks ash
I'm a link her channel on the damn bar
go subscribe to her yeah she's my sister
Oh 5 minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes 5
minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes 5
minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes
beach day at Santa Monica behind the
same it is hurry up 5:53
this should be up okay guys this has
been my day right here yes yay vlog is
up and I'm just reading a lot of you
guys comments right now I'm stop and
then I'm gonna go on Twitter and retweet
and favorite everything that you guys
say
so speaking of if you're not following
me on Twitter you totally should be it
at Mac baby
11 I always have it in my description
along with my Instagram and Chloe's
Instagram also I just realized after I
uploaded the vlog I was watching it and
I realized I'm totally wearing the same
outfit again
so let's just acknowledge that right now
um I just put this on for filming and
then I didn't realize that so yeah yeah
that's that happened that definitely
definitely happened Ashley went and met
Harun to get dinner and she said she
would bring me back soup so I'm really
really happy about that
oh I hate being sick but what can we do
hopefully tomorrow goes smooth and I get
over this cold really fast because it's
been about a week now but anyway anyway
