good morning guys so J is Monday it's my
first full day here in New York and yeah
also is 10:14 and yeah
so we are aren't way to do some shopping
in Soho first let me take a selfie
oh I didn't really read it first I'm
like really bad at that I never know
where to look I'm actually pretty good
but every now and then I'll like get off
my games and I'll be just like Murph I'm
looking there to me look there no
logging what I've never heard that but
I'm totally gonna use that going to the
face plate
vanilla latte it's really good
so it's a chop shop and I got a shirt
like really great knitting class I tried
on so many things and nothing looks good
smirk and I hate trying things on to the
fact that I did well there's a lot just
so pretty out oh my gosh
oh so it is now let's see what time it
is it is 6:30 p.m. and I'm back in the
room as you can probably tell I also
change into it way more come for your
clothes because I'm the Katie I think
Katie and I are gonna go down to the
pool and get some work done I really
want to finish editing yesterday's vlog
and get that up as soon as I can
don't we have a reservation for dinner
so we're gonna do that I'm not sure what
else we're gonna do we just got mom to
chill and we both have stuff to do so
we're like let's go do it by the pool
because pool is cute boot shopping as
you saw I only got two things I just got
two tank tops from Topshop because they
were on sale they're normally $10 but it
was two for 18 so I saved $2 which is
awesome this one's like a neon yellow
color which I really like and this one
is just kind of like a muted blue mint
type of color many many many haul that's
the cool I showed you guys yesterday and
I think that there are that one weight
front 2 3 4 5 6
I think that we are such youtubers it
hurts currently editing by the pool hey
guys so it is so early Airport so it is
a 6 a.m. I want to say please don't mind
the fact that I look ridiculous right
now
I chose sleep over over putting my
makeup on
so this is the traveling outfit today
super comfy the choice you get honey
forever 21 shirt can we look at this out
it says no coffee depress oh and my
Nikes and we're just working on my fit
and I even decided that walden is
definitely coming with me on the plane
my plans are just to fall asleep for a
majority of the flight but yes that's
the we're leaving we're going back home
from the air
I am so fetus your battery's running
down I know and you brought me to pull a
and I ate it and it was so good someone
tried to prank me and mixed wasabi like
a lot of was I hate wasabi into the
Glock and I keep it to her and I filmed
it and yes her reaction wasn't that
great you know what though like I'm
curious to see the footage where I'm
like this is spicy cuz like in my head I
was like I know I know I have been gone
everyone was like Alicia did you die
where's Ben although in reality I think
it's only been like five days since I
haven't uploaded a vlog but you know
well last you saw I was in New York and
I actually did have a little bit of
footage from like the next couple days
but honestly none of it went together
and then right when I came home I woke
up and I had like the worst cold I've
had in a long time currently how cough
drop my throat was just like like I
could hardly swallow it was horrible and
I never get sick I think the last time I
was sick was sometime last year and the
time before that was like the year
before like literally I feel I could get
sick sick no I feel like I usually get
sick once a year and I think it was just
all the traveling and I wasn't getting
much sleep and stuff so my body was just
like no I'm feeling a lot a lot better
from the past couple of days that's why
I wasn't vlogging honestly I was just
like I'm not feeling it and of course
being sick like I still like it was just
so much and then I was just thinking
about getting at this week's video up on
top of everything luckily I was able to
film some so here is my OTD top is from
victory secret for all let's it's from
Free People towards our Urban Outfitters
and I'm wearing it my fans yay
woo here we go through your filming and
vlogging at the same time ready ash so I
look cute when you're walking what
my one hand at least awkward so updates
here now a scarf I'm sorry
also you may have noticed the wardrobe
change here's a different sunglasses
this is one of the benefit
this is one of the perks of watching my
blog because you get like behind the
scenes the videos when you watch the
video it looks like it's two separate
days of what I filmed earlier at the
park and when I'm coming here at
Starbucks plot so it's the same day and
I just changed I thought it'd look
better if I was in two different outfits
so yeah that's what's going on right now
so we're filming and we yes I'm rambling
okay I'll be right back hey guys so
update is now a little bit later we're
gonna come here do that hey guys so it
is now a little bit later help maybe not
maybe not at all feeling a little bit
better if you're wondering you probably
still hear my voice just like number I
don't like it for the past like hour now
7 p.m. I have been editing up until now
I've actually just been editing the
intro and stuff all the clips that we
got that earlier someone texts me
me my so video is on Primus but it's
uploaded I think it is almost good to go
and cassia Oh new video is up go watch
it but go watch it go watch it watch it
watch it
slow down and we're going together and
I'm so excited
I put in my video comedy saw and I'm
gonna start my comments in
I'm going on
and applying two commas and we're
walking to the car what to the car the
car my head hurt you know like when
you're sick and you're just beautiful
really like that's why I work hey guys
so I've literally been sitting in this
couch for probably the past week and my
tissues have been my best friend
recently thought I was already over like
the worst part of the cold in the last
clip that you saw was I wrong
yesterday's day are definitely the worst
like ya know my plan is I'm actually
filming tomorrow with Mia and Lauren
we're filming a really cool collab I'm
so excited for so I think I'm just going
to rest all today then vlog tomorrow so
cross your fingers with me that that
works out I don't see why not like
honestly like it's a collab and stuff so
today I'm just gonna try to rest even
more maybe taking a nap later my goal
for us today is literally just to get
this vlog up that you're watching right
now like that's one thing I can do that
I can do that I feel like sir I look
like death I went to the doctor
yesterday so they gave me a whole bunch
of stuff so hopefully not kicks it but I
love you guys hopefully I'll see you in
a couple days and yeah love you bye well
yeah yeah okay bye
