good morning guys though I'm sales
Monday I was about to say Tuesday day
one day I'll get it right and I'm here
was Ashley Oh like normal cuz the end
Ashley just dominated her first two
final Paula how do you this morning I
was productive I edited and uploaded
yesterday's vlog so I'm excited about
that and what else what else what else
what up and then I was planning out and
my next vid are I'm not sure if it's my
next video or the next week's video
because we have our meal Alicia clock
coming up soon I'm just not sure when
we're loading that meal arecia
Rishi Lurie hashtag me Rita because
hashtag me Alicia Mia Lauren I love you
yeah it's pretty epic it's epic so yeah
it's coming up - so we're gonna play in
that out currently I'm about to get some
lunch sure hungry and oh my gosh just
found out a pizza Rev opens up right now
V and I'm really excited about that
so many toughing hey I like your bag
just got that yesterday I got it
yesterday going to be my travel bag to
London and I gave it a test run
and we're splitting a house so I mean
you have dalian looks good looks good
did these croutons on their table got um
balsamic vinegar together a hair
appointment Brett oh yeah so I got an
epic pizza pepperoni we got a whole
bunch of veggies looks uh looks pretty
good good
that's you look cute today really I
didn't in here I feel like I always say
you look cute today when you don't do
your hair I never run into hurdle barber
hey I'll be right with you
Oh stopper hahaha
what's up with that well props trials
finals calm everybody
are we all shocked I didn't get anything
from Starbuck I don't know why I'm like
trying to cut back that's honestly
forgot I still drink of Ashley's you
know Oh Open Sesame
looking for some shirts okay so like I
told you guys in yesterday's vlog I
really need concealer and foundation so
it's toxic one do it bomb lighting here
we go
have a girl classic ivory one left
ala one luck Maybelline I guess the
light one because there's no fair that
should work though age rewind start
concealer eraser thing whoo dry shampoo
and now at the Travel section because
why
as we betray away yay got some shaving
cream got toothbrush thing got some
makeup wipes and these things yeah
shopping ah target you should get a
color that is boring
what is classic look his boys I'm
totally leaving that in there oh look
someone left a service imagine if I
actually like just took that if that was
someone you get obviously that was
Ashley's no clearing meta I start by
lying around her no but I wouldn't drink
someone who's just like was chilling but
if she thought it was mine and it was it
I don't like it and I got like a Therese
it expires cleansing from monkeys thanks
for letting me know ash I just yeah I
would have helped like 20 minutes ago
hmm something in here doesn't belong
everywhere ah take it back take it back
I'm holding it so weird
damn Oh a Clorox bleach pen any of that
boom I found it Oh
Jetfire forgetting me different London
but you're me can you block me
foggy everyone go look at the thumbnail
now Ashley's children along hymen
speaking of Taylor Swift who saw a bad
blood music video thoughts I thought it
was really good I kind of wanted it to
be longer though I'm not gonna lie to
you it's good thought
what do you thought comment below let me
know so much stuff and they're still
sore bucks Hey done yesterday's vlog I
said let me know if you wanted to see a
haul of everything that I got yesterday
and a lot of you who wanted to see what
I got at the mall yesterday and then I'm
gonna show you a few things that I got
at Target today let's get into it so
it's foreign exchange and I got this top
which i think is so cute I was like a
little turtle mat type thing looks like
that it's like a crop top and stuff so I
thought I was super cute can you can you
see it can you picture it I like so I
got it at Nordstrom I got the white top
that I showed you guys while I was in
Nordstrom brandy melville and just a
white crop top it kind of like blue
stuff so it's more cash but more cash
and then I was to Victoria's Secret I
got is iPhone case I got an iPhone case
as you can see I'm just feeling a little
more like bright like summery and
colorful I got this one then I got a bag
like this because I've been wanting this
for a really long time as London
everything coming up I was like I could
use like a nice bag for like random
stuff so I got that then I got a bra and
some underwear but that's irrelevant and
then I think I'm gonna return this it's
just an inflatable neck travel pillow
honestly I think I was just really
excited for our trip I was like yeah I
really didn't think about it like it's
not come it's inflatable like that's not
that comfy I think I'm gonna return X it
was a little more expensive and then I
would have liked to pay yeah that's the
song and then if we went to Target as
you just saw got some t-shirts which are
for a video so I don't want to like
spoil them
I don't spoil it quite yet um so I got
those
got a book for the plane I got Paper
Towns which this is becoming a movie
sOooo I'm excited to read it before the
movie comes out because I'm feeling it's
gonna be really good so yes
Oh what else is in here oh my gosh high
club birthday hi say hi you have a good
high yesterday I guess I just coming off
some like Oh Scott McComb disha I'm
really excited for got gone shaving
cream I got the wet brush Mia has this
and it is amazing perfect for when you
actually have like wet hair like poor
tangles and stuff this is actually
amazing so I finally got one of my own I
am so excited my appraisers dry shampoo
concealer Marga soda like things for a
shampoo and conditioner yeah a
toothbrush thing cuz why not that's kind
of basically it that I got so the
problem still is here that I don't know
what to wear for the actual beautycon
event yes although last night I did
order a shirt off of Nasty Gal so
hopefully that I liked it overnight
shipping so I think it's gonna be here
tomorrow so hopefully I get that soon so
see we'll see I'm not stressing out well
I'm gonna go naked you know you know
she's been loving her peep toy lately
hello ah so much stuff I think have a
shopping problem not gonna lie hey khlo
hi what do we do it are we getting ready
to film do you want to be in two videos
she does that all the time oh my gosh
it's so cute shoulders like children I
do want to be in the video mom and you
dad ba ba ba ba so we're filming a DIY
right now and can we talk about these oh
my gosh I'm in love they're officially
the cutest things I think this is about
to be my favorite DIY effort simply
because of these were little starbucks
Frappuccino I'm kind of happy right now
I'm kind of really happy right now oh
right three light hello guys so update
time it is now nine 46 and I'm currently
editing just a butters that we got today
looking really good however I wish I
just had like 10 times more footage
because yeah this video is going up
Friday or Saturday most likely Friday
and in an but I still so much to do so
I'm really hoping tomorrow and Wednesday
I can just like knock it out but
exciting actually
tomorrow Mia
are gonna be filming for our meal arisia
collab challah also like when i say it
me la Brisa you can't just say it
Mila Risha like no anyway anyways I've
have two full videos completely filmed
and edited by Thursday because actually
the voiceovers here and stuff so that's
great is that is great yeah it's a
little stressful enough airline but I
can do it I believe myself and other
back baby's support me and I'm rambling
this is me procrastinating editing right
now so I'm gonna go oh comment below
what you think this video is going to be
later this week I'm sure all eventually
say what it's gonna be but I'm curious
what you think this week's video is let
me know in the comments and yes
currently rocking my favorite PJ's in
the entire world
fun fact I got these in seventh grade in
the men's section one night because I
was spitting the night at my friend's
house and I didn't have like stuff so I
just went bought it or my mom was with
me we went bottom here my favorite
anyways aliping hobo I love you guys so
so so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow hopefully oh
yes tomorrow because I'm filming with me
so definitely gonna be blogging anyways
okay
