good morning oh good morning guys so
today is is May 17th and yeah so as you
can see I shower so I decided I wanted
log today because I love you guys and I
love blogging actually didn't vlog
yesterday because all I did was edit I
actually I slept in till 12 o'clock I
haven't done that in forever it's so
crazy like I I guess I'm just like
exhausted so that happened then I just
edited and uploaded uh get that day
yesterday so that's all that I have that
um
that's all that happened and not why I
didn't vlog so soon wait what are you
doing are you doing bed what are you
doing wha I'm not you my little chunky
monkey you were so cute anyways well two
things so yeah so now I'm currently
uploading Friday's vlog as you can see
and it's basically like a behind the
scenes of filming my what to do when
you're bored in summer video so I
uploaded that last night yeah I'll say
so if you haven't watched that video you
should go watch that and then watch the
behind the scenes vlog really happy with
how it turned out I thought it was
really fun and different than what I've
normally do and yeah anyways so I'm
sitting here on the couch got the coffee
let's be real what else is new and like
I said I'm uploading my blog and I was
just about to watch some YouTube videos
on the TV while I do does the doctor my
makeup I've mentioned it before but
lately I have been doing my makeup just
like sitting here on the couch or
sitting there on the floor and in that
mirror and then I have this me right
here I don't know why I like I have my
bathroom but I just like I don't like
standing when I do my makeup like it
just I don't know I'm really lazy I
guess you could say
yeah that's pretty lazy like I just
don't like sad like I'd rather sit and
watch YouTube videos so lately I don't
know why but I've just been sitting here
doing my makeup Monica let's watch
Monica oh yeah go subscribe per my usual
okay let's do this
I really achieve the YouTube lately I've
been using the covergirl outlast stay
fabulous 3 in 1 foundation it's like
completely out I need to go to Target
get some more because
like I'm scraping the bottle whoa
cute vlog is up super exciting day
literally just went up so I always liked
it and then I go add to resit up the
boom and then I comment better yeah like
100 change I can't type with one hand
okay so update time so as most of you
know or some of you may be Ashley and I
are actually going to beautycon London
this week
grazie oh my gosh oh I am so excited
like so so so so so excited it's gonna
be so much fun I have a lot to do up
until then so the next couple of logs or
deafness definitely ahead definitely
going to be me like preparing and
getting ready for the trip which I love
those types of vlogs so hopefully you
guys like those too so be prepared to
see a lot of those so right now ashlynn
you're actually going to go to the mall
because I have no idea what I'm wearing
so hopefully I can find an outfit for
that and then I really need to get my
eyebrows done and then I think I'm gonna
get a pedicure actually wants to get her
nails done and then maybe Target today
maybe that's that'll probably work
that'll probably be another day for like
the like odds and ends type of things
that we need but yeah that's what's
going on right now
would you like an OOTD yes okay pretty
basic I'm just wearing this t-shirt
dress bitch is from brandy melville how
to think about that for a second I love
this thing I work so much and then under
it I'm wearing this like dress slip
that's from foreign exchange and I feel
like it just kind of like girl if eyes
it up a bit I'm definitely more girly I
don't know I just I really like it it's
a little little cuter I think and that's
kind of it and I'm wearing my never fool
and then my shoes are from Steve Madden
favorite shoe store hands down
and then I don't really have time to
make a full-on meal for lunch so I just
made a shake because chocolate peanut
butter shake why not
the take to go yeah don't spill a bit
weird oh okay wait person one Dale mmm
that's good
hi clue babe bike club babes check this
out brand new ice Baker's hours and I'm
really really really happy again mixed
berry bacon really good they're so long
yours have to you at your item see if I
can open it
peace she's get angry do that we want
this leg flooding is way better so
you're headed to the mall right now
hoping to find an outfit for beautycon
hmm yeah go whoa
cheater Oh brandy melville now at
Nordstrom since when
oh my gosh cute cute do you like the
Beatles
I like material I feel like that would
be awkward like always yeah I really
didn't even think of that I think that's
totally
so apparently brandy melville is sold at
Nordstrom now slow down the tops which I
really like because I need more like
white crop tops so we're getting that
and we're both looking for like a
satchel bag like this you don't like the
bucket kind well I'm not necessarily one
like gold use on a plane into clothes I
want to make sure yeah no I got you okay
check it out Mervyn thing if it has me
stuff boom it's so crowded
Thanks Crabtree one was too much to deal
is like really kinda confident never
from the moment Sunday Lisa I should
know this but I did okay so we went to
toy secrets and foreign exchange and
much yep
I actually thumbs quite a bit up for you
oh my gosh
awkward moment when people think you're
taking selfies and not vlogging huh
anyways yes
shocking stuff also met some viewers
okay you're watching this is pretty nice
I'm really hungry
yeah
I love everyone I think they're so
pretty like that and Victoria Secret
next to each other
Hey so we are ooh
Wendy my dress was like blown up I think
what Panera brown curve around
Panera found or somewhere bound up to
walk this way well hungry
hen may my car okay so we decided to
come to Panera I am so excited
are you excited Ashley antsy I'm so
hungry so hungry
I always look so good you guys I'm so
sad
Panera doesn't have my power chicken
power can sit powered you can promise
ball anymore and I'm
you guys like my favorite so I tried the
Mediterranean kale quinoa salad will do
this good good you can eat no my wait
for you so then what are we doing I
think we're going to t.j.maxx after so
we can find some boots
a good lighting
okay so I got a Mediterranean kale and
quinoa salad but I got no olives and no
almonds on it and then the dressing on
the side and then I got a bagel because
Panera bagels are bomb
we're at the base Place d'Armes Marvin
and I completely changed it up and I got
a refresher I've never had these before
boom but they seem really good drinking
it up
holla let's see if it's good taste a
sour drink test set test taste test here
we got sides and then let go aah
don't break a nail oh it's the raspberry
pomegranate and this was the only one
left in this flavor
I'm hoping that that means it's good it
means that other people like it mmm
smells so good oh my gosh it's good it
kind of raised me like with grape soda
it tastes so familiar really does ready
go go go with just the right amount of
energy this sparkling pick-me-up
contains a blend of real fruit juice
vitamins ginseng a natural caffeine from
green coffee extract what is that oh
this aren't t.j.maxx time very much like
one big one where are we teaching my
head moves it had nothing I've helped
and stuff not sure if I'm gonna get it
there's this dress and then there's this
dress and then just a white a white
t-shirt so uh so yeah maybe maybe I'll
maybe maybe not for like 20 bucks so
sitting I should just get them but if I
don't wear them then it's a waste of 20
bucks which could be like five
Starbucks's priority don't prioritize
tonight guys hey guys so up to date time
is that like almost no it's been
definitely midnight now twelve twenty am
as you can see I was just getting ready
to go to bed Hannah was a fail failure
in her fifth I kind of was a failure as
logging tonight I like after we came
home Ashley I just like did a whole
bunch of homework and stuff I had an
essay a quiz and then another assignment
to do and then I was I have a thought
Leisha get up go grab your blog camera
hands walk a little bit I was like we'll
do that later and that just never
happened also if you guys won't see a
haul of what I got shopping today then
like this video let me know in the
comments and in tomorrow's vlog I will
definitely show you what I got
got some got some cute stuff I do have
to say but uh but yeah I am gonna say
goodbye I love you guys so so so so so
much and I'll see you next time bye
