hey guys so today is Tuesday and it is
9:00 and as you can tell I am full
lounge pj mode if you want call it that
sorry that yesterday I had like no clips
whatsoever I really didn't have that
much footage you will see my combiner or
not probably will see in suggest that
I'm doing we are making okay this coffee
is bay and bay is my coffee yeah you can
do it oh yeah my gosh that that looks
just so beautiful feel so good I'm in
love hey Liv I smell so good I swear
Chloe's actually convinced she's a cat
she seriously always sits like this are
you kidding yeah you need to go to the
groomers maybe we'll take you today cuz
you need a bath so bad your hair so long
look at this purse now is actually only
that big like mom stop embarrassing me
so makeup is done as you guys can see
and we're just gonna do my hair right
now and then figure out what we want to
wear today you know also I never showed
you guys I had mentioned this cool like
a month ago that I was ordering a new
dresser and it just hit me that I
haven't actually showed it to you guys
in a blog yeah there's that so here it
is BAM ready SIA is my new dresser which
I absolutely love I'm debating if I want
to get like different knobs for it
because why not but then I was like I
don't know I think I kind of like kind
of like that look I still have to like
figure out what I want to do like on top
and all over here also that's the rug
that's normally right here but I need to
go get it clean that's why it's kind of
just you know chillin right there
recording
oh yeah and do not mind all the clothes
right here I was doing laundry yesterday
and they're drying so I was too lazy to
hang them up so I just like laid them
all over my bed and my clothing rack and
then I solve that up which I love it so
so so much I think it's super cute
basically here's a mini room tour we're
still gonna I'm gonna change it up
honestly I still have a lot that I
wanted you to my room I've mentioned it
to you guys before but I want to
completely redo it but um problem is I
don't know I think I just need to make
like a home goods trip or something
money pillows on my bed and like a new
blanket to go on there and then like
just some wall stuff and whatnot but
yeah anyways let's go curl my
come on let's do it casually have some
studio lights Chilton my bathroom yeah
YouTube likes prom stranger please do
not fall I will I will cry the date of
this vault I know I'm gonna jinx it one
day I like house like a light dimmer
light switch hop on are you on is your
arm still my coffee taste gonna be a
great day I can tell
today's going to be so good so how are
you guys what is new
not too much do with me feel like I'm
really wanting to get back on my like
daily daily daily vlogging you know I've
just been kind of off I don't like it
what music skosh a big client Commission
got me and she's really you know trying
to make the change
chains only bring me
trying to break the chains but the
chains only bring me Alicia Marie hair
tutorial curl your hair you scrunch it
you want the curls to like cool you know
but don't want them to like like come
out where's me some hair spell right
hairspray
personally I do not recommend this
hairspray because it's really sticky and
I don't like care for it but I have it
so I don't want to waste it so me is it
take your hair I'm gonna just like do
that really it smells really good though
that's a plus and now it's crunchy budem
and now what we do is we put our hair in
a bun a very loose bun so now that the
hair is here it's like cooling so that
way the curls last like longer
throughout today I don't know if it
actually works but I think I swear so I
do it every time so while I pick out my
outfit I just let my hair just kind of
chill so now we pick the outfit what do
we wear I don't know we gotta fill in
like shorts today package someone got
the door oh I know it's here oh my gosh
oh my gosh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh you guys oh my gosh I totally
ordered and Free People clothes the
other day and shouldn't have just a my
money I thought it was that but I know
it yeah I don't my my PJs are you ready
do some of you now maybe some oh my gosh
semi-hit came it finally came okay okay
wait wait oh my gosh no my battery's
gonna die
okay Harris Harris Eric good new find
out what it is
Oh Paula little scared of that dear
Alicia Marie you delivered the audience
now we're delivering the reward people
can dress when idle guys look at
allegiance okay guys do get you keep go
ahead of protest beautiful oh I've got
my gold play button it is you thing is
so heavy and so huge we finally have the
million subscribers gold play button
ah Alicia Marie that's me mi r watching
hi oh my gosh I don't even know how to
put this be gold play button is
humongous the 100,000 won is probably
like this big like it's just like a
little like picture frame like bigger
than me I know we had a million
subscribers like last year like last
November October November somewhere
around there December knows in December
I'm so excited that was like perfect
timing to be vlogging today oh my
goodness huh I got snapchat this Thanks
so I am currently drank to LA because I
have a meeting so but that goes really
well it's kind of smoothing out like at
70 degrees and there's like great clouds
not cool yeah that's what's going hey
guys
okay so meeting went really really
really well and now we're here and we're
filming if you could tell because this
is always my filming set up yeah what up
Chlo
are you ready are you ready to film are
you ready to film let's do it hey guys
vlog camera died and I realized that I
left my vlog camera charger and my spare
battery in San Diego totally my fault
I plugged it in I told myself don't
forget it and I totally forgot it so
vlogging on my phone for now and
hopefully we can get that soon if not
also have to order a new one which look
really bad
Dewey's we're currently filming um my
lazy day routine which is going up this
Friday or Saturday as you can tell here
my row but we got some magazines and
some nail polish and my computer and all
that fun stuff but we were just watching
a whole bunch of videos and fails of the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge oh my god I
should be weird like people were getting
bruises and stuff like I do not
recommend doing that there are some
intense fails and like videos out there
I do not recommend it hurt just watching
some of those like oh my gosh really
painful we're gonna finish filming I'm
going to do a face mask puts a spa night
without a face mask
I missed my camera already I'm so sad
muhr be filming we be filming what what
we be filming yeah like today night
routine
assha pamper yourself have fun miss
boomer are you got a face mask on you're
going to paint Monday I'll swab my toes
because white nails all day or day right
say hi to the floor huh and a pubes like
I don't know if I should log on my phone
until I get it or if I should just like
hold off until I get my charger maybe if
I go see me I can like charge it because
you have the same for charger that would
be cool
I don't know guys I don't know I don't
know this is just like such ugly footage
I'm so sorry you have to deal with this
right now
um but yeah okay bye
