hey guys so what is that we are going on
an adventure road trip road trip and us
blocks which I don't know where we're
going whatsoever we going ash birthday
take over two weeks later her late
birthday a gift because she scheduled it
to be last weekend but we went to
Coachella I was on top of it and had it
figured out for the weekend of her
birthday I was like oh my god take it to
Coachella
I do like third time no idea where we're
going I have a theory but I don't know
what's your seriously eyes not going to
tell us we are boat tripping and we are
boat trip in the road again a new video
went up today's over here checked out
upstairs anybody give away your PIN
which is exciting check it out also I
need help figuring out what I should
tell specs I think you should film like
what are you doing to her or you could
do it really work you and I routine you
and iris thumbs up this video if you
want a Schlick to a night routine PS yes
she is my sister yes we are biological
sisters pre into for middle names on our
last day as a lot of people are like but
you have different let's date
okay update we're in San Diego gotta fun
Oh bright give it to you on a time lapse
mean y'all better pull
yes sir we are okay we are in downtown
San Diego
Ashley surprised me I kind of a kind of
before I get it you know with Airbnb
your thing out but I love so we have an
apartment for three days it's super cute
gets on a little appointments to the
minute evident under than done it um so
we have the front door and the bad
here's the living room and a TV and we
have a kitchen this is so cute oh my
gosh yeah you excited we're thinking I
think dinner right away yeah it was
shopping maybe pedicures big oh and then
for sure beach tomorrow
thank you can catch for you I figured
I'm excited get excited for fun-filled
vlog of a weekend we are going to if she
for some dinner cuz we're really really
hungry going to a sushi deli what it is
all I'll let you know if I recommend it
you can't buy happiness but you can buy
sushi which is kind of the same thing
do you agree the sign apparently I got a
spicy tuna roll and a verano rule I
don't know it looks it looks pretty good
that's what we go
but you get asked I got a passionately
low ball we are about to eat yes yes
yeah those who she was
oh boy I'm so good to be an Alex I was
for you and now we are at Horton Plaza
and flavor going to forever 21 these two
didn't bring everything sorry sorry for
shaking my head I've been here forever I
love the small my boy today is the
conference and we thought by this book
it's all screaming here forever 21 this
is like a huge forever this is so me it
hurts
I found this adorable top but I don't
even spend any money should I buy it for
showing off it's so cute bow with these
shorts yeah would you be fine kittycat
yes joy because I'm sure and a bunch of
babies I don't know guys so update up in
the shirt down so I was like I don't
need to spend any more money but it was
really cute I'm waiting for kick cash
trying on some stuff
we are leaving for everyone molds out
clothes whoo whoo good Marni it is now
day to Saturday Saturday December
we are getting breakfast at the broken
yolk ESA okay trying to decide if I want
french toast or ACS burrito nothing
looks so long does that not look so bomb
oh my gosh / yeah we have some french
toast options
we decided on the siesta burrito both
wait Tara and I are splitting the french
toast and it you get the photos got
eight minute it was great discuss
gravies bomb color at beach god yes
you're at Coronado we're not a violent
speech whatever it's called
that's where we be and it is nice tired
so I'm taking them speech is good which
is really good although I'm really tired
too closely so guess who you're going
Darby yeah wait do that again miss
Sharma Starbuck you don't seem like new
music and this time this one so we got
this edamame hummus wrap can I try again
extra still a lot to for Alicia Thank
You day whoa there's a wall we say
mystery or not we do the big city do not
mind my Bert neck from the beach
it looks so bad on camera like it looks
like way worse really it and - oh
damn we didn't get you here yeah guess
you're here
hey whoa come on we like vlogging with
me is never also in life second here
handle your near which is logging for me
without lighting look at my code for the
PBS
hey guys so today is day three of this
vlog so we we walk to breakfast we are
currently at the mission I haven't been
here hopefully it's good like you guys
now my Colina I got from urban Jews that
I got from the converse gonna bourbon
and it's gonna be even more but some
food
suppose somebody her and we Alicia here
now and I cried and I cried wouldn't be
a came yesterday an emotional did you
cry when I came no you gave it away from
me yeah that is so beautiful
what we get again
yeah guess where we are currently in La
Jolla we are got to go paddleboarding I
don't have my GoPro which means I can't
get any footage while we're out there
summer like that so don't still mind
that Alicia and Mia hate the ocean part
1 are we excited crew yay here we go we
go that was intense
so much fun we all like ate it a couple
times this really found an abyss and
subscribers which is really fun and
focus just leave me have a good Drive
and drive safe and kind of the offending
circum I know you're a mess and I don't
know what is holding on Mexican Cafe San
Diego I'm really excited to ship solder
a bomb Neal I can't make therefore he is
blown up and just posted this on insta I
like my own photos that offered probably
hello
so we got a cheese enchilada the nachos
are huge so that's kind of for everyone
go for it let me know if it's good it is
currently 724 p.m. stomping starving
much-needed because we got here we like
took a nap in the cart so bad move it
later yeah left but she might meet up
back maja what me back up with as I'm
president and I have a homework
assignment due tonight so I'm currently
doing that and then we are we're in La
Jolla so work out maybe just gonna go
we're trying to wait out traffic cuz it
was so bad hey yo so sorry it's kind of
dark we are now on these like cliff
thing we're exploring
oh we were paddle boarding we saw a sea
lion like right next to us it was so
cute super cute I'll show you where we
are basically the oceans dere there's a
little clip because there's all these
rocks with a bunch of birds on them
hopefully I don't get food on that not
be cute at all here what a picture
treasures untold hey guys so we are
obviously back home at our apartment
as you see and I sing shower I feel so
so good I'm still extremely sunburned
however I will say it looks way worse on
camera and it really is it's like
lightly burnt like it's not even like
that bad I hope that you guys enjoyed
this vlog I'm sorry I've been gone on
the vlog channel lately but obviously as
you can see I've been kind of busy but I
hope that you would really enjoyed it
this week and slog I love you guys so so
so so those those oh so much bye
