hey guys 50 is what is today no idea
geez oh my phone's dead
mark tasty Tuesday definitely Tuesday
when it is 11:06 currently I'm actually
out the door cousin probably tell ya I'm
actually meeting up with my parents
because you know that um the prom dress
that I used my prom video well I bought
it brand new at Windsor and I'm done
with it and I feel really bad just like
having a brand new prom dress but I feel
like someone could use it so long story
short my mom and our really good friend
work out of high school so I told my
mom's friend if she can find someone
that I could use it like doesn't have
some money or something I'm like they
can totally have it because I feel again
really bad for just to sit in my closet
so I guess you did find some people that
she thinks I could work for so I'm gonna
go meet them so I can go give them that
prom dress I'm gonna go do that we're
gonna meet up for lunch
I think we're getting Chipotle and yeah
I'm kind of like halfway Fida shish
therefore what did I just die finish
s-see dishes Pete is no fetus ish fetus
if that's really hard to say try say not
fetus - defeatist whatever today's 100
TV maybe maybe let's do it if I open the
door maybe a top is from Free People my
shorts are from Urban Outfitters and my
shoes are from Steve Madden typically
that's yes I'm wearing my never fall
like always because that's like that's
what I was there please be good Chloe's
been so sassy lately like when we leave
her I think she just gets pissed off
that we leave her then I have to make
sure like all the chords are unplugged
and like nothing is she can like get to
change of plans
my car is in the garage and I think
Ashley has my clicker so intended
stranded my mom and dad are actually
gonna come here and we're gonna get to
polish so yeah but while I was waiting I
decided to upload my Coachella vlog
almost on alicia takes Coachella how
does I had no idea what to call it haha
I came on can't book coming close babies
he was literally just like passed out
asleep right now in the second I say
game on campus Kim on campus are you
coming good it's a real babe is it true
they coming because I'm locked out and
I'm stranded hey beer soon I promise
oh it's up so now really quickly I'm
gonna watch it and make sure it's good
so we are at to put this this is huge
look how big this burrito is compared to
what the heck I like never get burritos
cuz I try to be healthy and I usually
get like healthier version of like the
burrito bowl and stuff say I was like yo
lo I don't even care I got actually meat
actually cheese it's bad it's really bad
ashes here yeah Ashley Ashley is sick
her feel better mom and dad are coming
there they were ordering after us so
excited to eat this deficit sided MA
I still have my my ratchet flash tattoos
on from the weekend I didn't see that
last long suga watch it found outta here
what a family bonding Chipotle date yeah
yeah sounds so good okay hey guys so
first of all I'm totally like turned
around right now
because vinegar aaj and lighting is so
much better this way the things we do
for YouTube so I'm actually currently
actually it's a bit later on dead left
and I was just watching some YouTube
videos for a while I was watching some
Alex blogs because they my fave man most
I was doing nothing basically Ashley's
not feeling well she got a pretty bad
cold does she's taking the nap right now
I was really bored so then I was editing
and both of us have a lot of like
editing and homework to do tonight so I
was like you know I'm gonna make a
Starbucks run and yeah also I don't know
if you can tell but I still have my
happy birthday stuff all over all over
my car you didn't see my birthday blog
Ashlee surprised me and with like the
window marker stuff like duo in my car
so I'm gonna get a lot of honks driving
around cuz it says honk it's my birthday
and now we have to spin it oh here we go
let's get some music first gotta get
some music should just see exactly where
this leads
until you hate me I'm gonna show you so
much love ya gonna love you what we're
giving second back little baby always
starts to saying you go astray hello
welcome to FedEx my name is Brooks how
can I help you today hi can I have two
venti iced coffees with extra soil
already 250 iced coffees with extra oil
is 590 well-seasoned went down thank you
hollows outside and waiting in line for
most Arby's yeah cuz it's across from
Hardee's not really um I'm sitting here
in Henry my Nissan and waiting for mr.
B's ya yi seong me ee dad if the
children you won't win that one oh so
bright
we got a venti iced coffee with extra
soy mo got one for Ashley I'm the best
sister EVER no I'm just kidding she
brings me Starbucks all the time so
yesterday night so excited Ashley I
brought you star B's everyone says get
better too although this vlog hasn't
been up yet but I'm sure they'll say get
better 50s on the peak of this week's
video here we go here we go
work oh yeah get it what um
what any guesses what it is not gonna
lie I did talk about it in a couple of
logs ago so haha let me know your
comments guesses in the comments below
it'll be up Friday Friday the 17th of
April
look I'm sitting this is so what am i
doing Chloe come here cook oh ok so we
are currently chillin in Ashley's room
what a eggs for my coffee you're welcome
and we are trying to post some Instagram
because that's how we do I can't find
any of that I have on my phone like that
I've been like awaiting to post you know
and I found this one which I found this
one which I took the other day forgot I
had it
it's like sweet I can upload that right
now so I'm going to ready for this bomb
Palma white nails that are they can I
got my nails done last week they're
currently on the hunt
perfect garage door to take an Instagram
photo in front of all of these are kind
of dirty
you know they're too dark we'll see how
this works out I think this one will be
better
ok let's hope so fingers crossed what do
you guys think I think one down I like
the loop and then one down for sure
ready new one to me so I'm here skyping
Nicky what up what up what let me make
sure it's focused ok I missed our Skype
day we could talk for hours like I
already feel like I can't hang and you
guys hit a million subscribers today
what's so crazy that's open crack I go
through my Twitter feed it's creepy and
all your popping is our evolution
yes they're like this yes I love it yay
it is 153 a.m. you can all see that to
mark I look like hot mess please do not
mind this my makeup is like disgusting
it's been on all day
Nikki and I Skyped for just about six
hours oh my gosh I don't know we just do
this it's so funny last time we Skyped I
think it was like five hours which is
crazy and then when they were out here
me and I went over to their hotel and we
stayed up till like 4:00 a.m. just like
talking like it's like it's so weird
like I honestly haven't done them that
long but like I feel like they're like
one of my closest friends like in the
world it
I miss so much like not even funny but
exciting things coming soon so get
excited with that we literally like
helped each other brainstorm videos she
gave me like I made my thumbnail for my
video and she gave me like critiques and
stuff and then we just talked about like
literally everything like you could
possibly think of but yeah anyways I am
exhausted I have to get up early in the
morning I'm gonna go to the gym and do
some errands and stuff and so I'm going
to go to bed and take off all my makeup
and whatnot I thought and say goodbye I
hope that you guys like this vlog I look
so tired
like not even water anyways I will see
you later bye
