hey guys so how are you doing first of
all sorry for being like mi a recently
on this channel it is April 14th today
umm is 10:37 and I was about to upload
my Coachella vlog the reason why I've
been gone from the channels because I
was actually at Coachella over the
weekend so that was from Thursday to
Monday and I was such a failure at being
a vlogger it's like not even funny but I
did get quite a bit of footage just
doesn't like really flow really well I
guess you could say so I just wanted to
kind of quickly put this out there that
I am sorry I promised my blogging game
will get better I still think you guys
will like this vlog if you want to see
kind of a little bit of what we did at
Coachella and also if you don't know
what Coachella is it's a huge three-day
music festival out in Indio California
like past Palm Springs also thank you so
much for almost 300,000 subscribers on
this channel I had 300,000 subscribers
in May on my main channel last year so
in less than a year like 300 on my
second channel which is just like so
crazy to me so thank you guys I'm so
excited yeah anyways I'm gonna shut up
now enjoy the vlog I hope you guys like
it if you do like it give it a thumbs up
and yeah let's get it let's get it hey
guys Stan's April 9 Thursday it is 555
and we are contraband so we are Paula
yeah we are we've been all have in the
car maybe an hour no offence but we're
closed because desert desert is here in
the wind meal section oh my gosh it's so
pretty I love it out here so we've been
road tripping it up yeah heck yeah
actually we still have quite a bit I
like at 35 listen so we should be there
we should be there soon
oh it's gonna be so fun okay so yeah I
hope you guys enjoy this whole craziness
of a vlog it's gonna be pretty intense
okay so we made it to the hotel room so
excited so excited actually we're really
hungry we're gonna go get some food
Pizza Pizza
cuz that's cool you I do you need a bug
me to vlog more I need more people to
watch oh miss I walk and I never you
never gonna got one footage but a
Palazzo me almost dying walk footage of
playlist yeah yeah so we got some pizza
keepin all garlic no not literally
is it bomb like it on the bottom oh yeah
man like are they eat all day so we are
picking out some outfit I'm actually and
pretty happy so far I feel like I have
some option a romper with some Sunny's
totally layered jewelry and then a
flower crown some shorts crop top base
it's all basically the same stuff I'm
really loving at this fanny pack thank
you clean and clear because you stay for
my dick funny story I was actually
looking all over the mall for a fanny
pack and I couldn't find one and there
was a couple of urban but I didn't want
to get those I was really sad and I was
telling Ashley about it like the whole
way home we get home there's a package
on my door and that fanny pack with a
niosh like yeah I'm excited
look how productive we are outfit I am
so proud of ourselves oh yes I thought I
were playing dress-up there's even a hat
a hat holder Oh see
yeah hey guys so today is day officially
day one - day two of this vlog um got
the outfits today decides where this
which is I can OT d let me go oh yes
please
I've been instructed to do Alicia's OTD
it is no bright geez alright
so perhaps it's been born exchange top
is Rama Marshalls forever ago of
necklace remember now photos we got the
a little rock dealio to layer thing
going on
um fanny pack I have no idea where it's
from I sure binoculars and my booties FM
Steve Madden talk about Darby's very
much priority hungry but we're going to
the brunch so you're now see but yeah
it's so big vlog vlog cameras take over
pogchamp and take over having
I feel like we're being watched for
surprise hi hey guys so it is day two of
Coachella I'm just gonna apologize now
if this what we get is just like a whole
montage of random clips because it's
very crazy and I keep forgetting to vlog
which is really bad anyways here is
outfits did do for going for the more
black s thing today definitely less
colorful than yesterday oh yes who
doesn't really like colorful a button
one like the crazy chunky jewelry going
on we got like a million flash tattoos
which is me I added this one this one
and this one today yeah let's do this
and today was a very good day because I
had started this morning in the hotel
does not have it so Taryn and Ashley did
a Starbucks run heroes you guys are my
favorite oh yeah what up guys so we are
at writers midnight sale overdue enter
here we are here we just gotta purchase
drinking some Perrier
what up it's super cute like the hotel
or whatever my Instagram is not posting
for anything you can do it I love the
colors here like the grass is so green
for the
the hotels like rainbow boom yeah cool
partying in a box teen super cool like
that
apparently about to ride one of these
not giant Friday trading big difference
excited I'm excited we were just talking
like who did you ride and then they're
like we didn't really have a slingshot
what do what you were born for this
right oh here we go here we go
thousand ten Canadian whose and we're
vlogging there's 100 cameras yeah we
were knowing every Rhino damage your
iPhone Walker
we're chillin eight three we're
currently at a brunch I got a good day
it looks like a fetus don't mind and we
got a sausage and egg sandwich and some
crispy potatoes and they look so bomb so
excited a cool kept in it so
pretty almost like the beach yes
literally so relaxing I might just fall
asleep what a we be chillin I was taking
the a hot dog picture hot dogs weird
here at school good look I'm talking
indeed not many people today got your
oxygen Joe we now we're seeing at the
pictures we're I'm trying at the picture
and
yeah there's so many people's here what
are we doing we're taking pictures
everyone else to here it'll come for the
music to come to take cute pictures just
kidding makeup for the music
it's always darkest before
me one outfit is good at taking
direction I am convinced that my calls
are being recorded so if I don't see no
dancing already
aah time for that my city too turned up
I'll take a fiber that it's feeling you
found me yet get a talk to me like Oh
job Oh buddy dude fix my house now we
are can shuttle like a million floor
show
it's time for the bun Coachella make
some noise for yourself tonight
Oh
