what oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god hi guys good morning what does that
mean oh my freaking God just finally
here here here so no you might may have
just seen my vlogmas it drops today is
vlogmas i just still like oh my I need
like a second I really do need a second
I'm not ready for the magic not ready
for the Christmas I'm not I'm not ready
for the holiday spirit yeah just kidding
I'm totally ready so I literally just
uploaded my vlogmas intro and
behind-the-scenes video so if you
haven't seen that you need to go watch
it because it shows it full
behind-the-scenes of the making of the
intro that you just saw think it might
be my favorite intro I'm not sure
welcome to vlogmas day 1 also you
probably alicia where are you that's not
your room this isn't your room I'm at
Mia's new house so excited for that too
so go watch my blocks removing books
because I'm hot chocolate bloggers is
starting out so strong we are currently
packing up because cuz why me oh my god
no and guys the manor house obviously
nervous is starting out strong we are so
excited I'm like not ready I'm actually
really hungry I definitely need some
coffee
Kenneth Kenneth can come here come back
can love me get everything tastes oh I
got you oh boy it's a safety thing I
don't
thank you welcome outfit change I just
was not really feeling the other one and
yeah the greens are the more festive -
you don't I mean so we are going to Big
Bear we are going with Remy with Lauren
and Tiffany and it's gonna be so much
fun last year we went on a girls like
snowboard ski trip and not gonna lie we
totally meant to go this year but it
didn't really happen because we realize
I don't know what happened I literally
don't know what happened it did not
happen that's okay snowboarding vlogs
will come we're just have to wait till
it's a little colder got it's hot see
that's another thing whoa trying to be
festive here I just wanted to feel cold
and wintry and I'm burning up I'm
literally wearing short hoodie and it's
just like I'm already hot so let's uh
let's go Buchman block me the
freaking mess I get you guys all
situated
stocking your comments and reading what
you guys think about the intro and you
guys all love it which means so much oh
my god okay we are on our way to meet up
with everyone else we're getting some
food you guys we got a ramp
we got a line we got I mean we gotta pay
me it's locked we gotta no no I try to
be clear and do something fun we are so
excited we are gonna go up to Big Bear
but first we're gonna get some food and
get some brunch so we're kind of sad
that we're not snowboarding it's okay
we'll just like take you pigs but I feel
like I didn't bring too many Q up but so
that's a thing
but like like cute you know like I wear
my five-year hello my queen why would I
don't you like now you look beautiful
Remz decor gives me life I cannot wait
to decorate so we just got to toast
we're getting food and I'm so excited I
think I'm gonna get the avocado toast
with a side of hash browns and a lot of
tech also go back to the blog where we
got Chloe
okay guys say hi to Chloe with that I
remember I shouldn't you went here
before we went and picked her up and
that was I think the last time I were
here
hey you explore it what what are you
gonna order yeah I'm getting all caught
host
you cannot tell because it looks like a
salad but I got some avocado test and it
looks so good also these look like
heavenly potatoes I'm so freaking
excited
we all got a fin currently printing
Starbucks floor that's a baby you guys
are gonna die but I totally asked the
reasons to put vlogmas day one on mine
and Mia's cups in me is in the car so
she's gonna die one two three
I got I got to see yeah you got to see
it in real also you guys vlogmas day one
nice tip a app is gonna die for you
means Oh could you write something on
there she's like sure where I was like
like yellow G but like day one and she's
like oh this is it for like just like a
friend my guys are gonna give me empty
give me an egg so we made it up the hill
we are currently at bonds that we are
trying to get some food so we can stock
up bring some snacks your shopping
adventures at Vons let's do it got some
chips and hummus cookies of course I
gotta get priorities people
oh-oh-oh
we got the good yes we did morning's
gonna be great tomorrow since it's
vlogmas you know we have to go to the
holiday section and bond no this is huge
he seems they're so freaking good
question of the day comment below your
favorite candy - probably sour gummy
where's our patch kids deaf dark
chocolate and like listing everything
that there is now literally all this is
art and that's only one car uh daytime
it is currently 8:54 p.m. sorry it's
been a bit like took a while to get up
here then we went night spent like no
8:08 54 where when did that happen rim
and i at made dinner
i was cooking with rimming it is taco
night it's not Tuesday but that's okay I
would just like to say alicia has a
great chef and cooking with alicia is
coming soon what is up you guys so it's
a little bit later we already have
dinner currently getting ready for bed
and i'm totally rocking back once that's
dude good lighting so freaking calm
starting up bug spray anyways where it
talked to me okay okay
update time so i'm gonna go to bed and
do let me go oh we're got it real here
real literally love how there's so many
better options that are all crammed into
one room again it's just like anyways
i'm gonna end mistake one I will
see you guys in the morning
yeah bye if you don't know about this is
basically it is where
whole bunch of youtubers vlog every
single day vlog miss quad miss quad miss
quad miss quad miss blog miss from
December 1st to December 25th you know
me I like being extra hence this end
drop and the behind-the-scenes I decided
to vlog every day in December because
you know what like why not
