good morning guys it is like 7:30 in the
morning
it is Alicia's birthday and I'm taking
over the vlog Channel let's call my car
up happy birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear Lisa
happy birthday to you I brought you
coffee Kimiko happy birthday you sleep
good yeah I'm like crazy dream so my
parents are here I just love this Barbie
yes Stevens's happy birthday
so much coffee today mmm I'm totally
planning on having a lot more later -
thank you did you guys like a seeing
Ashley wake me up this morning I'm not a
morning person okay and they brought me
flowers - I feel so spoiled hola
it's got here so I am taking over
Alicia's vlog camera just for a little
bit because I am gonna decorate for her
birthday while they're in church so yeah
I'll let you guys see the finished um
finish a the finished product when I'm
done be back okay so far I've put
balloons up everywhere I need to put
streamers so got my streamers let's go I
have some streamers up in here yes come
like a streamer wall so when she comes
in she's gonna walk through the she is C
yes all the balloons
surprise I'm I don't like it it's my
birthday
forgiving Chloe her Easter present happy
Easter tweet he's through what is women
what is is the poem I can't even can't
boy boy mmm oh yay good keep it off look
at my car Ashley decorate it birthday
girl that's me
Janka drop birthday punk it's my
birthday happy birthday all day -
welcome love you happy birthday sweetie
come on fire chamber where are we yeah
zap I've never been here I'm very
excited
I got a builder on mac and cheese not
just an appetizer because today I don't
have any guys whatsoever
like order what you want and they bring
it to you okay I got some mac and cheese
and not so everyone can have to talk but
they'd be the good one I was kidding you
can have another good cat got beautiful
that looks bomb ash got mac and cheese
mama got mac and cheese daddy got a
burger this looks like so this looks of
already first night here we go that is
really good yeah
a birthday pie birthday what you can't
talk a birthday birthday birthday
it looks so long and that looks so fun
can you tell I'm like strawberries my
team soul I feel so spoiled also I don't
know if you guys might we and by the
time you see this it's already gonna be
over well I'm having like a mini
giveaway today I'm getting us some
Starbucks gift cards because I want
still great and birthday with you guys
so yeah um so a couple people already
won some that's currently what I've been
doing was today well not most today but
part of it another reason why you should
follow me on Twitter because I do random
stuff like this so all me on Twitter
max
so now we are going to Disneyland
Downtown Disney he and where I can
consider me out at dinner yet I know I
like Jesse it looks like I'd say it was
no a while we are at the Mexican food
Disney aside I still have a ear they
telling forgotten
yeah get some food
did you have a good birthday I did have
a good first day I do I drew all over
her they saw like your tiara I love my
tiara got a bracelet that matches my
heart necklace that I always wear my mom
and dad and I landed I bet you picked it
out too huh I have to log don't get it
and
the castle totally redid it it looks so
pretty added those is like I'll
crystallized that's the 60th anniversary
this year he redecorated it's like what
get crystal babe or something like that
I'm richer again so pretty you guys love
to do long currently gonna ride Dumbo
here we are we are ready we're having
the most we're going down mom and dad
are back there somewhere
that was epic Korea one of the most fun
things do ever especially give a pass
and come here and literally just want to
small like kiddie rides like it
seriously so much fun we went on we went
on what we go on no why no white which
creators guys previous ride effort like
dad's not meant for children and I get
free time i legit ice cream like 20
times
then we went on know what I'm Dumbo
guess what I got
oh did we get what did he get got a
birthday birthday dessert thanks to ash
we thank you welcome
I so excited I'm so tired
hey guys so we were back at the
apartment now and my mom and dad left
and I've had so many tweets and so many
comments just saying happy birthday like
I honestly I couldn't even count like it
was hundreds of them and it was just it
was amazing and it really meant a lot so
thank you guys I had a really great day
and you guys mean so much to me and I
know that sounds cliche and it's true so
so so yeah also I really want to
apologize I have just been off my
vlogging game like it's not even funny I
feel like this whole vlog but just so
spur I don't know it's been so sporadic
and I've had so much I'm trying to do
right now and I'm just like falling
behind I'm like no so I'm a little
bummed because I felt like this vault
could have been a lot better
I'm really tired too yeah I am rambling
like no other so I'm gonna go to bed
thank you guys again so much for the
birthday wishes and everything I love
you all so so much like you don't even
know and I will see you soon I love you
guys bye
