good morning guys so I'm sorry I'm sorry
there was not a vlog yesterday I have
been so busy this week is crazy but
today I was like you know what I'm a
vlog today
no look it's help me know I'm gonna find
a way to make this get up so I'm
drinking the coffee
I was productive this morning I went to
the gym
I got vodka or introductive thing I've
done know I did some emails I had some
calls so currently I'm here on the couch
that's team Omega as I'm weird and I do
my makeup here all the time now I don't
know why but I do and it's weird but you
know what's that's okay and yeah so
let's get my face on yo yeah
let's do it what you the makeup is done
hair is not done it's just air dried so
far I think I might go blow-dry it or
something but it's not done yet but it
will be done cooking in the kitchen yeah
the kids I just think with rats I've
noticed but ah should we get a new pan
why am I just now finding out about this
boot at zucchini doe was the bomb was
bombs we got some uh some decorations I
got some Sousa has got some confetti I
got some door curtain got another door
curtain basically we are going to
totally turn the living room whoa ha ha
ha it's a dish this should be fun but I
think we're gonna get some lunch and
then we're gonna decorate this whole
wall right here and it's gonna be happy
I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited
what whoo-hoo we got a prom background
got a prom background also currently
using super state 14 hours lipstick
Maybelline New York and perpetual peony
peony I still never know how to say that
whatever yeah it's very bright fun pink
so I totally recommend it if you guys
are looking for this color in the best
parts from the drugstore it's like super
super cheap and I love it this is like
my second one so I highly recommend that
you guys try it out okay very good does
it look okay epic prom collab that you
have all been waiting for
and now for an episode of what not to do
at prom Paula so much confetti and a
balloon what yo
finally popped out the glasses of the
glasses finally popped out the lenses of
my old fake glasses that be guys are
curious these are my fake ones and I
popped them out so that way there won't
be like the reflective like thing it's
really distracting on camera so it's not
my real bosses
these are the fake ones lenses are
popped out so that way
no ugliness yo do we like the background
mean long KITT okay I have to go finish
filming goodbye why what is this what is
this fight fight
hey BAM just you look like a little
Easter egg you want treat you show
everyone our bows we look like a little
easter egg oh he's like so pretty
give me a five high five we need to have
a photo shoot for your Instagram beb√©s
star bees I'm so excited i tweeted
earlier today that I really wanted to
Starbucks like I just sounded so long so
the awesome
oh maybe yeah Thank You Ashley
yes now it's a party in here good
morning is around 8 o'clock trying to be
productive fashion today we're gonna go
Starbucks and edit well she just helped
some homework I'm gonna edit and then I
actually have to think to edit so it
should be good but yeah that's the
what's going on then really tired or
gonna lie we're crappy something
it's already caught on video I edited
yesterday's vlog which is going to be my
blog that's why it's like not a punch
that I had it all that another video
just like mostly done archive get a
couple more like footage seems like
today not dead I'm blending out a video
that's going to up into next week that's
why I'm next week so now I'm RT we're
countin X's video
yep watch as she does her homework
instead i'ma let you in that water if
havoc on coffee is that a shocker or
what I know you got Panera coffee like I
want okay I'm trying to said if I want
to get coffee or now that it's later
question
I don't know
money in my name and now she is my kid I
love this I love this is Pam favorite
right like what is a vlog without
Starbucks it's a very boring blog game
all right
okay so we are going to Michael's
because I have some supplies that I need
to get for video and yeah by the jar
focus on my okay
so I need like accessories because I'm
making so I'm making like DIY
accessories for prom like hair like like
hair accessories and stuff so I have to
find all those materials and yeah I just
found out and yeah okay let's see what
we got
got some bedazzle we got some bedazzled
Ness
hey do you like that's pretty that's
really pretty I can't decide between
these or D this might you're right I
think these might blue better I feel
like that one would go really easy well
with the pearls cute too yeah let's put
that one back
I seriously have such cute decor here
like no one would guess that you know
what I mean like it's not all just DIY
stuff like bean and everything is like
always on sale okay so now we are target
down our thread some supplies for DIYs
and Michael didn't have everything so
now we are headed there with the Bay the
dollar section is always so much fun
yeah we never get any support I know I
know I guess but I'm getting yeah holla
I'm almost out my gosh literally so
tempting something dong oh my gosh you
found it I was excited we have been
looking for that comfort the longest
time I am so excited right now okay okay
we have to do taste test you have to
taste test
Betty cakepop seasonal Edition which
means Jessie's bomb we need to stock up
if it sucks then that sucks because we
got three busts I'm using exciting
that's not okay pop those gel no well
hard okay so I like actually get the
flavor he's like hey legit what face
like cake integrally guns like cake
batter cake batter frozen yogurt
thank you better mm-hmm like it's good I
like a good job extra they always they
would you buy out dude your sauce that's
real good
extra seasonal edition confetti cake pop
you guys have to get it try it let me
know your thoughts sometimes really good
ideas it just tastes exactly like cake
like vanilla cake a cake pop kick better
okay
so it is now lunchtime about and we're
still filming the bran video as you can
see that you got some essentials right
here then we have I did a DIY I'd
actually check out pretty cute I'll give
you guys sneak peek don't judge me
though I'm using a watermelon because I
need this to dry so it's like a headband
I think it looks super super super cute
like we added all the like the jewels
and stuff we were like what can we use
like where it can dry you know I was
like who use a watermelon there we go
so we go so I am currently editing
everything no lie I will be here all
night although I will say I think you
guys like get how much now it takes to
edit like I will literally be here all
night but that's okay myself a couple
other things to film but we're waiting
until the Sun Goes Down and yeah but
DIYs not super super cute you guys have
to see this I feel like a princess when
I witness is it not so cute oh my gosh
Sean oh you guys can see it really well
oh my my boom is it focus boom there you
go oh yeah my hair accessories for prom
but honestly it was so easy to make it's
like super nice I would totally wear
this prom actually like I'm gonna wear
this like I'm actually going to wear
this I think it's super super cute and I
love it um but yeah excellent to show
you guys here's a better close up for
you digit so those are the things that
we got at Michaels and then I just had
the headband so Sam yeah
we have to tell them that we're going to
the gym yeah so now we are going to the
gym at top as it was how about 5 into 2
almost 6 so we'll try to be good maybe
beautiful like to our isn't be like yeah
so good always spread my pink bunny span
yeah yeah anyways you just sorry I felt
that pheromones oh I need to find my
workout shoes they are mmm mmm mmm mmm
mmm do do do do do do
Oh fun fact I hate putting shoes on Oh
brung muxu wrong foot okay yeah what
video should Ashley film gasps we're
back from the gym I told them
Ashley's filming was not filming yeah I
shouldn't know she's all you're gonna be
filming favorites video or so us bring
get ready I think spring get ready oh we
can through outfit tomorrow a little
tired I'm just like procrastinating I'm
like I need to edit but I don't want to
edit also I love how it's nighttime
but because the studio lights are on
like it doesn't look like it well every
night shot is always like orange and
ugly this isn't orange ugly I likes it
oh okay okay I'm tired a little bit hold
her so updates I am currently still he
currently still editing what else is new
yeah this video I Smits mostly mostly
mostly mostly done I stopped you the
voice-over but I you think I'm just
gonna do that in the morning getting
paradis it's what I am and then I was
thinking I really really should edit
this vlog before I go to bed at least
majority of it I mean like a lot of it
is edited now I just don't have to worry
about it in the morning and I'm tire
right now but I think I will be really
happy if I at least get some a little
bit more done and yeah but anyways look
out for are you already watch this video
if you're watching anti my dear to watch
this oh yeah so if you like this video
be sure to like it give it a thumbs up
and be sure to watch out for my prom
collab which is going up tomorrow I'm
pretty happy with it overall I think
it's gonna turn out well to turn out
turn out good and do well anyways I love
you guys I will see you really soon and
yeah bye
