good morning guys so it's Monday morning
currently 9:30 and yeah gosh yeah I just
did my makeup it sounds interesting
actually fun fact every Monday morning I
have like my little like routine I'm not
even kidding have breakfast I'd be Chloe
we go for a small walk and then I do my
makeup while watching Keeping Up with
the Kardashians the new episodes comes a
couple I cannot talk oh my gosh the new
episodes always come out Sunday night
and I just watch them Monday morning
it's a good routine like it's a really
good routine oh yeah anyways that's what
I've done this morning I didn't fall
yesterday and I'm sorry if we went to
church and what else did we do and then
my aunt came out because she wanted to
celebrate my birthday with me because my
birthday is next week but I don't see
her next week so she wanted to come out
so we just went out to Olive Garden it
was really fun and that's kind of all I
did oh then I did homework anyways
anyways so we are making some coffee
this coffee is big yes yes yes yes I'm
so excited and I just can't hide it yeah
music to my ears okay if you guys saw my
a my morning routine how girls get ready
in the morning it's my last video that I
have a it anyone gets the House Bunny
reference but I was like good morning
BAE you're looking dapper this morning
no just me okay cool cool
I want to be really productive today
actually no I think I have to be I have
so much to get done this week like so so
much they have our prom video is going
up Friday that huge collab that you guys
saw you probably saw that a long time
ago cuz we filmed it like in March ya
know the yeah I want to say we filmed
that like March 2nd no no no we filmed
at the end of February that was a long
time ago so it's just now going up
problem is I have so much to film so I
think Ava and I are gonna meet up at
some point this week so we can help each
other film and then I have another video
I have to do then I have homework I have
to do and then I just so I'm going to
start getting ready and I'm gonna
straighten my hair today I feel like we
should do that doo doo doo doo
guys this is big this is big for the
first time in forever just kidding for
the birthday is like full up forever
for a long time I'm actually
straightening my hair today what is life
I don't know
I never straighten my hair but I just
felt like doing it today so we got
halfway done though boom here we go here
we go I don't know I'm just like I
wanted to be different today so we're
gonna do it gonna straighten the hair
yes tree that straight whoa okay so
Vidya are like what whatever thing I
think we have everything planned out for
what we're gonna film it right now I'm
pretty sad oh yeah totally still rocking
the PJs don't mind that um and yes I
have my hand in YouTube's notebook by
write all of my ideas and all of my
brainstorming Ness so yeah I suggest one
of these to every single youtuber I
don't know if you're like me like you
just get so many idea is that like 12
o'clock in the morning I'm in X today
can't remember what you were thinking I
starting out literally everything I plan
out like videos and like how I'm gonna
film it what shots are first so much
goes into it I don't think most people
realize it yeah YouTube notebook hi
cloud do we have mr. pig with us where's
mr. monkey high five yeah
here shout-out to just Alicia's curly
things I think it says always don't just
believe or anything just Alicia Marie
things on instagrams you are on my phone
you guys like these like mini shout outs
I've been doing lately I've been liking
them it's so bright I don't know it's
just fun it's like a game you don't I
mean like who's on my phone today know
hey guys I mean purposely but I tossed
it purposely but it fell not purposely
just change my background to this
adorable kids background that made no
sense yeah I did I think it did I don't
know I'm like I don't know the whole the
whole I'm loving the vibe of the desk
right now the a wasn't thirty seconds
ago but I still explain but yeah I'm
loving it I'm loving it new video coming
soon okay so I need to pick out an
outfit because for this video that I'm
filming there's like a spring outfit in
it and I need to figure out what I'm
wearing because okay so long story short
we're gonna go to the mall to buy some
things for this video like essentials
and whatnot it's like a spring kind of
inspired video super exciting let's
figure out what I'm wearing what to wear
what to wear what to wear what to wear I
don't know I'm mixing my palms up so bad
what's very springy I wonder what a
casual screen but like like effortlessly
looking good but casual dudes that make
sense I love these shorts and I feel
like I've never like really worn them in
a video so I would like to put those
what should I wear a bit but should I
wear okay I would love it's weird that
she's like a crop top and this skirt
however I feel like it's a little more
summery then like springy does that make
sense like the colors are perfect but I
feel like it like a crop like oh no
bring is still somewhat cold you know
what I mean more stuff over here no
what's over here what's over here okay
so I think I decided on an outfit really
yes
what am I saying I don't know I was
excited to finally figure something out
so we're gonna go to the mall to have to
get those essentials the essentials boy
this video um I need my keys
that's what maybe that's all let's do
this let's do this let's let's let's do
this so bright Darby
Brett the bass plays well technically
we're in the basic places drive through
there like it's funny because like there
isn't really a closed drive-through like
near our apartment so we always like
just go in but baby on the drive through
Starbucks and we are so excited I almost
but tweet it you know like but dials
that like we did I am favoriting all of
you guys is tweets so if you're not
already you should totally follow me on
Twitter because it's my goal in life to
favorite everyone sweet my fish and get
special things I could I have a venti
iced passion tea okay and then could
have a venti iced green tea with no
Sager thank you USB I should go lighter
I kind of want to like lighten my hair a
little bit a little more like for summer
ideas like me was like more brown hair
my hair looks lighter cuz I strained it
today though remember justice lighting
you mean like underneath here just like
making it more lighter can I pull it off
speaking of hair what is it doing it be
quick gun star bees got the babe we need
to make up a rap for the baby's place we
have coal monies wrap we need a wrap for
this like Starbucks I need one it'll be
my theme song to every blog go into the
base place yeah yeah the bathe place
we're picking up four star bees yeah
yeah our star bees what else baby please
yeah my bass plays that's better better
it's a break
can I get this to be the whole dance
done mister yeah yeah yes our bees is my
BAE and it can't be Chloe's going to
star bees go go into star B whoa
Bom Bom on our way to start gonna get my
star um wait go into the phase place
yeah my base place picking up a star be
picking up my star V hey Yuma starving
Daphne tweeted me and said that she got
these in her so bomb I'm literally
getting them right now they're so bomb I
actually have to because I like them
that much
okay Steve all right now and this is
super exciting not only am i running a
simple place for my video but I'm
actually running at two of everything
because there might be a giveaway
nobody's written first so first going
crazy up wash yeah haha the gold make
yeah got some goodies foolish and the
camera like urban go and two cribs
mother bun
okay updates we're in park jie-won
getting some stuff like I'm kidding
anyway so I was like yeah you're looking
for like Coachella ish okay so we got
some goodies for you guys
fun goodies are you guys although this
video honestly will not be up for like
two weeks
so don't get too excited yet it's the
Easter Bunny okay update so we uh yeah
as a park and we're gonna get some
filming done it so we're filming we're
filming yeah we're filming we're filming
what
so we film in outfits for the video and
we're doing some like essentials and
what's not i fair enough all the time
yeah I'm actually we're good we're good
just posted Instagram you guys should
you should go like it or you should go
follow me on instagram if you're not
following me already cuz we're almost at
500 K followers so exciting exciting yes
BAM photo Chris Ashley so I'm right now
I'm currently editing all the footage
that we filmed today it looks really
good I'll give you guys a little sneak
peek here's the outfits poster so I have
all this footage to get down to like 30
seconds basically then here is some
earlier you can't see cuz it's so bright
why are you the colors so weird there we
go
also do you like how I look like a
highlighter I love it I still have to
color correct like everything I stuff so
much to do but I kind of give you guys a
Mesnick peek it's about 9/11 rights now
9-11 p.m. and I'm a little tired
but Ava and I were gonna meet up tonight
and have one of our mega YouTube
brainstorm
date so now there's a normal editing day
so we're not editing we're just like
brainstorming videos maybe give each
other some tips maybe like plan a video
you know what I mean so leave a lot to
do we're actually also gonna talk about
our prom collab just going up this week
stay tuned guy stuff so much to do for
that video
