hello so how are you guys doing I'm
sorry I have not been vlogging recently
I've just been really busy not an excuse
I know I know I know
hopefully you'll accept my apology
anyways what is today today's Friday
happy Friday
super exciting I love Friday's like
Fridays you felt like even though
they're kind of like my regular days but
knowing that it's Friday is super
exciting I'm here I came out clothes
business hi I know I see you though I'm
just getting ready to film today's gonna
be such a productive filming day I'm
really really really excited and yeah
what else I guess we're gonna play right
now
you got a groomers your nails are
getting long you scratched me the other
day a hot Bevin
anyways oh wait wait dang it so I
totally forgot that like the gardener's
come on Fridays so I'm just waiting for
them to stop gardening so we can film
have to like leaf blower out it's really
loud so it's kind of said depressing I
should have thought about that ahead of
time but I didn't we're filming a
morning routine slash how girls get
ready in the morning because I haven't
said something like that and I think
it's a perfect mix of like beauty and
lifestyle and comedy like all in one so
it's kinda like a mix of all of it I
don't know let me know how you guys like
it if you like it or if you hate it or
whatever that video is actually going up
today aka the day you are watching this
which is Saturday so tomorrow my blog
will be up before the actual video goes
up you should watch it later or if it's
or if you're watching this after that's
up then you should watch that what you
know I'm saying again one of the perks
of watching my vlogs is you could sneak
peeks I'm not gonna know what the video
is until it comes out but you guys will
know
Nakul know okay I love know I stuff
before like other people do it
mmm I'm starving actually I have two
star bees it was an intense day well
okay so they came out with the birthday
frappe
for a Frappuccino happy birthday
something some like that the others
their 20th anniversary or something like
that no like whoa Starbucks and me have
like really close birthdays so I got one
because I really wanted to try it let me
know if you guys are like this too if I
ever like try something new I'm scared
I'm not gonna like it I got my regular
coffee also because I was like well if I
don't like this one I can drink the
coffee I like this one it's just really
really sweet and I'm not used to like I
never really get frappuccinos but I made
an exception because I was like you know
what my birthday's next week this is a
birthday Frappuccino it's only here for
loaded time I have to try
to try it it's really good it tastes
like cake look Jen tastes like cake so I
have two star bees and I'm in heaven
right now guys like this is ridiculous I
admit I have a problem but I'm okay with
it I'm openly admitting it I mean like
let's be real if I wanted to hide that
from you guys I just wouldn't have shown
you guys that I had to but I'm open like
we are we're we're a family
we do we do we do free to Ashley's here
way look you today
you're like sister goals boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom and I also posted an
Instagram today okay what cake smack
baby for life you're the first thing in
my feed right now go go
focus you can do it I believe in you
boom and that baby for life thank you
for your edit I love it I'm gonna like
it ready boom and of course if you're
not following me on instagram you should
it is Mac baby 11 and there is a my new
photo so boom kind of like really great
one second BAM there we go and I said
happy birthday because my birthday is
next week my birthday is April 5th which
is Easter this year so exciting Ashley's
birthday is Christmas which obviously
Christmas is the same day and wines on
Easter this year which is super exciting
but Easter like moves around so it's not
always on Easter but I want to say it
has been on Easter like once in the past
and Matt my brother his birthday is on
si Patrick's Day so like we're all like
holiday babies this year which is so
exciting
hey guys Sam what cool you figure out
I'm saying first that's all good of you
are watching redo that and and you are
watching morning routine slash how girls
get ready in the morning edition that
mean isn't am i trendy enough right now
I'm so trendy yeah yeah
for mark the obviously we're filming
like this hairstyle accentuates the egg
shape of my head I do think it's cute
what's funny is like this hairstyle so
trendy right now and legit and Cheer
this is the only hairstyle we were
allowed to have wasn't like trendy then
you know I mean so it's like a major
throwback like I feel like a cheerleader
right now but mine is the bow I
definitely need a bow
huge freaking but like right here okay
okay AAA Oh got some water yep fasten
our that down for some lunch and it made
me realize I never showed you guys like
my homemade meals like what I eat I
don't know is that weird would you guys
liked it like would you like me be like
you like look what I'm having today
we've got some chicken we got some
asparagus goes I'm almond and some
carrots and chicken I think it's a
chicken already but that's cool I mean I
always show you food when I like go out
somewhere so somebody gave me really
care so we are currently editing this
video actually funny mani is my name and
mouth she is my game
I'm black skin white like a panda black
in white like an over yo dog booster
black and white like a ninja khlo money
khlo money yeah that's right I'll take
your brave because I'm your baby Turner
because I'm your faith back because we
were both be together forever and you
left me where's your toy I'll play with
you okay what you eating Chloe what are
you eating
that's it you're not a dog you're my
child oh by the way I officially have my
new glasses
a couple vlogs ago I mentioned that I
was getting glasses and I gots them so
these are actually real now I did have
some fake ones that I would use in like
study videos and stuff I can see
amazingly I did not realize how blind I
was until I got these and I feel like I
have bionic seeing is that something
Bionic vision
feel like Bella from Twilight when she
became a vampire for the first time and
she was like whoa do you like see
everything can see everything I see
everything club club
this is mr. pig where is mr. monkey mr.
pig smells that's what they look like
they are a bomb if you all wondering I
think that a guy once or like not or
they're unisex and you're nude but let's
be real they run the guy section so I'm
gonna go with their the guy ones well
hello oh yeah going on sale sale sale
don't tell us y'all whoa I just went
from saying so yeah so yeah so yeah so
yeah so yeah so yeah yeah yeah that just
happened well men
you think I could obey things what was I
doing right now okay we are officially
done filming butts count how many times
I've changed today yeah and I also
changed there's a part where I'm showing
like every outfit that I'm wearing so I
changed like five times then did my
phone just died I think my phone just
died well anyways it is currently 453
what is going on with mah heart totally
eating these where are they who are they
these guys we have something else to add
to the list of Alicia's addiction let's
see we have coffee obviously from
Starbucks we have passion tea from
Starbucks we have some chicken pop this
my raspberry gum the citrus gum oh no I
feel like every single vlog I'm like you
guys have to try this me sugar free ice
breakers sours and the mixed berries
these are so so bomb literally so bomb
yeah mixed berry we have strawberry and
cherry it tastes like candy but they're
just like mint but like they're not mint
because they're like fruit mint so fruit
mints to me is just like candy does that
make any sense
not really like when I think of a mint I
think of like spearmint or peppermint or
like that kind of men you got minty
flavor so this just tastes like candy
and I literally just like each them
bears no good so now we are going to
edit all the footage that we have today
yeah so it is now 9 26 4 hours later
still the same spot as you see and still
editing watching some friends what are
you doing why is your bed out there huh
hey guys so I just currently 127 am not
too too too late but it's definitely
kind of late I'm still editing I've been
editing this entire time think I started
around 6:00 and it's not 1:30 so that's
like what 7 hours but good news I think
I am 99.9% done so in the morning I'd
have to save it and then I can upload
but the reason why I'm trying to get it
completely done tonight absolutely I are
actually surprising caps and we're
taking her to a day spa which is super
exciting so I'm gonna try to vlog
actually no you wouldn't know I'm gonna
vlog that's gonna be really fun so as
I'm trying to get it up ahead of time
and we're gonna surprise her she doesn't
know like I am rambling so tired I'm
gonna go to bed right now thank you guys
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
vlog and I just realized I have to edit
and put this vlog up tomorrow
should I start editing it right now oh
my gosh anyways video will go up at some
point and I do bye
