hey guys so today is April 6 day after
my birthday that's how I remembered it
and yeah thank you guys again for all
the birthday wishes honestly it was it
was really really really good and
special and I love you guys anyways we
are currently here filming as you
probably guessed because this is my
filming spot it sit on pillows because
I'm too short I'm not too sure at
Microsoft but like the way that I like
the background I'm too short I always
sit on pillows very awkwardly as you can
tell I'm just like straddling these
pillows what up yeah today we are
filming for the most part all day so
let's uh let's do this yeah I have had
so so many requests to do an update or
updated I have had are you ready for
this I hope you are I'm excited I hope
you ready today's video is going to be a
mag routine that flash how girls get
ready for bed so unbelievably requested
if you didn't see which I'm hoping you
did but if you didn't I did do a morning
routine slash how girls get ready in the
morning honestly I had it the best
feedback from that video you guys loved
it outfit change I can't actually like
singing to Chloe on camera we are
wearing forever to the wind jet air
costal vest and some Nordstrom bootie is
this is me coming home little sneak peek
of this video it's actually the night
version of the morning routine that I
just did where it's like how girls get
ready for bed so we're just now starting
a already on the intro as you guys saw
were filming like the walking home I'm
just coming home from school or work or
wherever I was yeah so that's what we
doing what are you doing closed what are
you doing good babies you're like tired
so it is currently 2:30 outfit change
nipple to now we're doing like comfy
loungy stuff I'm sorry didn't vlog like
earlier what we were filming I'll do
that right now it's gonna I am so tired
I slept in to like 10:30 why am I tired
this is what I want to know I was like I
need like a day just like birth just
wait for it wait for it bout to post an
Instagram why is it so bright come on
about to post on Instagram
mahalo ready we go five four three two
got it
you didn't call up dude we go to damn
now oh my gosh guys also I don't know if
you know this but Instagram like changed
their settings a bit you can now put
notifications on for someone so when
they upload a picture you can be
notified when they upload it honestly
any time any of my friends upload a
picture I feel like I never see their
pictures I don't know why it bugs me but
now I have notifications on for everyone
so I'm like super super happy so if you
didn't know that and you would like to
put notifications on for my Instagram
you totally can it's under like settings
and stuff but it makes me so excited I
figured I would share the information
with you guys because I was so ecstatic
to find out ecstatic ecstatic to find
out that that happened you know what I'm
saying but yeah it's just posted on
Instagram it made my feed like
perfection like it added a lot
definitely added a lot to the the
Instagram theme as you can see oh yes
yes yes yes did you follow me on
Instagram Mac maybe lemon Paulo yes
meeting chocolate and I always liked all
the ricci MIT let's redo that shall we
lock door Easter candy it was a bunny
but we we just did our fourth clip oh
boy we nailed it that's good and we got
intro outro intro after a bit you're up
so now we have to put on the hoodie and
be like yo flipster camera oh I'm doing
operative from Falls or wall sit without
the wall what the god what's it called
what that make sense oh you're not too
tall number six
killed it nail it excuse me
Alicia's not here babe you never
installation is recording message what
we have to work I don't know we have to
work what's next with all that energy
past two hours to get Super Show 6 shots
plus a trip without route 6 plus a trip
after Andrews option intro/outro plus 6
shocking and choose down the hallway
change open drawer closed drawer know
what we got here still on so what am I
really good friends for on my birthday
gave me assorted Belgian chocolates and
I'm like oh let's have some but we're
basically just taking a bite of each one
and like testing them on there believe
me we tried the Magic Flute Mozart
parent mango ganache cappuccino cream
we tried crunchy biscuit and vanilla
cream and make the pyramid with the
space yes Ben i'ma try the soft caramel
Thank You Julie
your bomb Zoe so it has been Ohio
oh my gosh is currently 11:11 favorite
number make a wish
ready set go okay I got it done anyways
I'm currently uploading yesterday's vlog
which is my birthday vlog I finally
edited it edited I could never say that
word I finally got it completely edited
and um I went to upload it earlier
tonight and YouTube is like nope
basically it was just that like 0% the
entire time for like over an hour so I
tried two times and I switched browsers
try it again
bassant it work so finally I'm just like
I'm just gonna wait it out we're also
watching Harry Potter
yeah that's what we'd be doing I took
shower because I knew that's so bad like
no no no
yeah so that's what I've been doing hey
guys so it is now currently it's exactly
12 o'clock midnight right now and I'm
going to go to bed I am so so those
those Oh tired oh good oh nice dude and
I love you
