hey guys so today is really hard for a
second I want to say it tastes Thursday
Thursday Thursday which means it is
March March 19 and 11 o'clock
fun fact 11 is my favorite number yes it
is early is anyways I'm actually running
out the door right now I'm actually
headed over to Nia's today we are just
planning on finishing filming our prom
video because Mia is going to Japan and
when we upload it she's gonna be gone so
we have to like finish getting all the
clips now it's obviously more fun to get
prom shots with other people in it not
just like to you by yourself yeah I hope
so anyways if you're going to go to
that's right now bye oh okay so I
decided to stop by Panera on my way back
way I can have some food because I
didn't eat lunch and got some Panera so
so so excited for that
I'm here okay for unite and feel so good
we were both saying how we're both just
a hot mess today so hopefully this vlog
is somewhat put together we shall see
and yeah yeah and yeah you know I think
would be so funny like in our end rows
we just switched and didn't like say
anything like if I just start my intro
here for like a main Channel video like
hey guys and like you didn't mine oh
we're four channels we should totally do
a spoof of each other but you being me
and then I would be you are we Stephanie
hey guys so today anyway so I'm going to
eat my Panera that I got earlier as you
guys saw so hungry didn't give me my
hummus that's my favorite part of this
meal hype yay maybe to the rescue hummus
so they're totally wise it was just like
hidden in that corner my hair is cray so
i'm starbucks bound making a coffee run
and man's gonna come our intro and
here's Rach i don't care
and yeah there you go more coffee
that is not how you spell my name oh my
gosh
I need this so much like so much my hair
is still a very hot mess let's not mine
that like we found what we film I love
travel and outro for to prom videos whoo
well you look perfect you look perf we
got some balloons as you can see yo yes
looks like a party up in here and this
is how you make prom do they symbolize
this dreamer
I'm tape girl who Starbucks black how I
do this wait I can't do it one-handed oh
this looks like Toby BAM
hair girls respect look what I got
yeah sorry not sorry
oh my gosh P Starbucks in a day and I'm
currently dressed as Mia's mom although
not me his mom but like Mia's mom for
the video mom does I mean give me those
no one would wear that
oh well I'm just no do we look related
people people always wonder for like
sisters or twins I kinda do see it I
found the idea that's the i standard
well am like my whole life people have
always asked like if I'm Asian I'm like
Javanese an Indian like no but I've
gotten on my whole life I've got my
whole life I don't know why that our
hair is really similar be awesome ten
degrees
got some tender greens
I haven't eaten here and forever
definitely one of my favorite
restaurants and I haven't eaten here in
a really long time but I'll show you
what I got
so I definitely recommend the steak cuz
it's pretty bomb so I always get that I
get the plate but I always get double
veggies instead of like a salad because
the veggies are so long but the veggies
are so bomb and we got a little bread
it's true boots pretty good too and then
I got some soup of the tomato because
tomato soup is Bob yeah kind of looks
like a guy and 3 2 1 boom what up a
alleys showman but oh do like the
comb-over I with a little more of oh my
gosh you guys have to see this here's
the first thing
this is whatever music yeah work oh yeah
yeah to make it look like there's
actually people
like so see ya
so Alishan it's not my face more PS if
you don't have talked about we did an
old old old boyfriend tag on Mia's
Channel forever go in our second channel
like the boyfriend tag one of his major
stuff and my name was Ali Shawn get like
Alicia
but I'm Hollie show I was Alicia my twin
brother who I don't have to another but
you gonna say anyways if you're
wondering what that reference but
anyways we are bound to route
we have some more stuff to get you guys
can totally tell I like just took the
makeup off down here I felt like you
couldn't tell person I feel like the
vlog just makes it like but ever you're
not wearing makeup oh really look at on
camera gonna freakin like what yeah
camera makes me look so bad I know like
to HD like with my eyebrows we have some
flowers do I got my hair still like this
like I didn't even drink the part really
good fun comb comb comb over part I am
so tired if you're sick oh my goodness
getting some poster board oh yeah that's
totally fine thumbnail oh my gosh you
guys look what they have I want it so
bad okay bye bye
oh my gosh who remembers these huh dude
my childhood these were like that was
the best game ever best gun ever
holla instead you chose five tries
Hilary Duff we're having major throwback
right now yeah I'm back to school look
at these nothing rose petals like like
will you guys go to prom with me that's
what oh yeah I got to think them
eyebrows i brother not on fleek repeat
they're not on fleek true best friend
get off each other's makeup pick up to
this baby mmm is really probably really
weirded out right huh okay
