morning guys Ashley Kat and I right here
we are watching yeah we are watching my
video that's going to go today
just make sure that it's all good for
sure you know what that means so today
we are having an adventure I'm not gonna
tell you what yet cuz Kit Kat doesn't
know Kat doesn't know we're surprising
you Sun so bright glow Matney Darby
thank you for kick-ass mom here I got
the protein boxes one for me ash and Kat
we're ready
bye my babe right we add this uh yeah
hey did we surprise now
hey so I'm sorry I haven't blogged much
too much today I am so sorry it's so
relaxing
and Lexie luckily the Sun way I was like
burning earlier but like now we're like
in the shade which is super super nice
all right my triangle bikini
you're wondering and I was tweeting my
Seventeen magazine how do you pronounce
his name
lol c'mon it's cute though we've been
here for a while I think oh and I put my
video on public so that way you guys can
see and everyone's liking it which makes
me so so excited we're gonna go get some
food right now because I'm starving
I like barely eating all day getting
some food yeah so we got a salmon salad
is a lad that reminds me a spongebob a
salade never good although I kind of
like changed everything added onion and
I got strawberries
very refreshing Oh shame no shame you
see just take a picture like Oh yours
looks so much prettier than mine
I know update it was really good and I'm
currently reading some of you guys's
comments on my new video and lighten
them and replying to as many as I can
however it's really hot in your phone oh
no maybe I'm like the only person who
thinks that go watch it or watch it go
watch it watch it watch it watch it
watch it
we got a smoothie smoothie mini yeah
okay strawberry smoothie and juice again
pleasantly surprised this is forbidden
fruit mmm guess what that's a bit in
food I didn't know it was walk over the
guava and passion fruit oh good I think
I like yours better mine yeah come
trigger I think you're just gonna give
us
I almost got that one that's the winner
we're now leaving and I am cutest face
do not mind that we're leaving I know
we're doing that I think we're gonna get
some food which is prepare and decide
where we want to go to walk to the car
and do my makeup in the car although I'm
not gonna brag I'm pretty good at it
know why because in high school I used
to my makeup in the car every single day
to school so I like got it down see if I
still got my skills so many palm trees
so many palm trees look continuities
Saturday and we are now at the farmers
market we don't know what tonight is
gonna hold like we're just open for
adventure so strawberries just 189 yeah
we're going back strawberries are my
favorite food I have a lot of paper
fruits it was like the papers the papers
it's so cute in here okay face let's put
you on boom cha Oh bundle things thanks
fun thank you how'd I do
how'd I do take some getting used to
hey yeah yeah yo so our adventure has
led us to this really cute shopping
center I mean it's just like an outdoor
mall with a call to you know what's
called the shops and Chino Hills I think
that's what it is I'm not sure but it's
super super cute we are here we're going
to get some dinner and not just dinner
this one has ever had crabs I mean I've
had crab but I've never had like actual
like me an entree abuse crap
I'm really excited so excited dude cool
oh the toys screw you guys know that as
like my store actually have like three
coupons I have a birthday one I have
like $15 off sports bra and free
underwear Paula I don't have them with
me duh so I can't grow it now okay so we
went to hmm but I didn't get anything
oh no I got anything just kidding Jill
got anything and now you're heading to
what's it called chicken crap is are the
kickin crab got to be good that'll be
good so yeah yeah
I really just brush it out I did people
dry it a little bit but like it doesn't
help them space because I did blow dry
it anyway everyone's staring at me like
no donkey
how much I'm going to be able to vlog
why meeting yes can we
it was so nice it doesn't look like it
right now I know you did you did this
ridiculous
public alley Shawn get a beer
show her Kakashi
my ground
Oh
be aftermath look at that we destroyed
yeah what'd you do an ash see the light
it actually is exciting anything you
don't burn out or you only you only can
step off why would you step on a lot of
those I felt lighter again I'm a heel
this one man the fountains super rich
India where are we going you're going to
ice cream soup again it's a huge huge
lemon you're too late I guess that's a
good sign though okay that's a really
good time look at this line it goes
there and then there and that's the
story there
we're having a who's taller discussion
Alicia thinks she's taller and she's
past and she's taller I was like there's
little your face ever because I feel
like we're going to do a showdown right
now back-to-back I'm gonna the same
right I think that's what I'm saying
this is got a little more prettier here
but yeah like you guys do the same to
you we're finally at the front going out
the front the front of the outside of
the line there you go after ice cream
no rock oh thank you can try god thank
you
there's so many flavors I got I got the
almond almond cookie let's talk more ice
cream man look at what I grew to you oh
my gosh oh my god this looks so bomb
bomb
that I though this is actually one of
the best things I think I've ever had
what is it I'm basically a doughnut a
milky bun and then they press it in but
like the ice creams and food and then
they press it like a panini press maybe
yeah I don't know how they do it but
they like babies and it's like yeah
buh-buh-buh-buh so we are now back our
parchment and I'm so tired it's okay I
guess the hot time
I miss the funny Ashley's dying
