morning guys so I look kind of Cruiser
it's no it's actually just getting ready
I was doing my makeup I've been okay
seriously I don't know why I have some
of my makeup in this bag and probably
for the past like month I've been doing
my makeup just out of this bag like I'm
sitting here on my couch doing my makeup
and I'm using like a mirror like I have
a bathroom I have a whole bunch of
makeup in my bathroom and yet I've just
been doing that I took the what I was
actually just chillin have my coffee oh
yeah and I'm actually watching Marcus's
vlogs you can all see I don't know why
I've I've been all about vlogs recently
through my favorite videos to watch my
favorite videos to film are funny
because like they're so so much less
effort than filming a main Channel video
yeah I just like all about Vox recently
it do me a favor and leave me a comment
question of the day was your favorite
vlogger or like other vloggers that
you'd recommend for me to watch I know
there's so many more people that vlog
but I just don't know their channel so
or if you vlog like let me know in the
comments so they really want to find
more people to watch oh my gosh you guys
okay so I like a Christmas what do I
thank or someone walked by it's really
awkward okay but super exciting
literally two seconds ago I got a
package I was like package I love
packages cuz it feels like Christmas
anyone else agree with me like when
you'd a package it just feels like it's
Christmas and you're so excited it's
like present and then I open it and it
is a package from St Lauder the fact
that they know who I am makes me so
excited it was just like a little care
package and they just sent me stomach
goodies and I was like oh my gosh this
is intense like I'm so excited okay so
in from to haul one - Cheers
so the first thing that I noticed this
huge buns Chloe
food is a huge bundle of all of their
Chloe a whole bunch of eyeliners and
like every color you could possibly
imagine there are sixteen eyeliners
often ten and then it looks like we have
three one box one and that's one no I
think I'm gonna give this one to my mom
and then I'll probably give one to a
shih tzu accessory taupe we have some
mascara
yeah I'm even more excited because I
haven't did my mascara yet today I give
this one to my mom
fun fact I always try to drink a gallon
of water a day I swear I have a hair in
my eye huh oh wait I should try this
eyeliner - really hoping my lashes look
but long shoe is okay I get situated I
like it so that's like two codes right
there I forget
where I got this but someone sent it to
me and I thought it was so cool well
like Lighting's are cleared oh come on
good so overall I'm completely in love
with it - the fact that I got it AMOLED
which really does okay so you're
currently going to the closet to find
something wait for it to find something
to wear today I already have your pants
on yeah yeah oh yeah welcome to my
closets very messy especially a general
area right there but we're not gonna
show it me every single morning I stay
here for like 40 minutes what over what
day what about this I have not worn this
in a very very long time okay so we are
going to go to the mall I have some
things that I want to get just for some
upcoming videos and stuff like that so
let's go yeah let's do it let's do it so
I just got super super excited because I
remembered I have my tripod for my mod
Cameron here I was like really really
excited Hannah don't mind the fact that
I still have my prom dresses in my car
oh my gosh threw back
I think you're the only thing so I'm
actually in love with this first I don't
know why it's a super super cute
this happened okay so we did some damage
which sucks because I was not planning
on it
oh hello what up how are you doing what
is my hand doing I don't know and
obviously home now I was not posting
Instagram and I think you know what she
does because he knows give now focus
please please please boom yes like
yes yes see ready ready three two one I
got it you got it you didn't got it I
got it
ah you were actually first woo
oh it went away it went away Dave yeah
you were acting like you were actually
for love you in the comments it's okay
no no no no no no here's his you yeah
hola the Ashley and I are going to go to
the gym everyone always wants me to vlog
at the gym but you're technically not
supposed to vlog where there's this
weird rule that you can't have cameras
but I get because if you're no Marcia
lying so much like naked behind you I
feel like there has to be a way we can
make it work
put on the treadmills like okay guys so
Ashley and I are currently going to walk
into target about to go in target cuz we
have some stuff that we need to get the
Tao
BAM damn Jim was good killed it owned it
you know I've always wanted one of these
oh my gosh you guys it's one of the like
the wraps the shower wrap it's like a
towel but like velcro's you don't
actually have to look what we do that
don't have to actually like hold your
towel
maybe one day okay should I pick the
shower curtain first or should I pick
the towels first should we go with a
blue or I was pretty oh hello hello and
we got a shower curtain
boom chicka pop yes okay so you guys
know like I am all about boom chicka pop
and I have to say like Ashley was the
one who definitely got me on that like
it would like can I say everything like
you're like thank you and the best best
best kind is this one so it's the
frosted sugar cookie you can only find
it in like the Easter section which
means it's probably limited edition
which makes me really really really sad
but I'm actually going to a this tonight
and we're gonna watch Pretty Little
Liars the big reveal and I said I've
been popcorn it so got the popcorn looks
good
but and there's two left like it's meant
to be I take that as a sign like when
things happen like that like dude that
was that was meant to be wait
Oh success got some popcorn got some
groceries got shower curtain where honk
low huh we got you something we got you
something you enjoy we got you something
close what is you monkey we got your
monkey we got you a new toy we got you
new toy wanna come here able to smell
seven excited I think I'm gonna film a
whole separate like reaction video extra
charge boys walk here within film again
reaction video we should both do it like
legit do it yeah so that'll be the
obvious everybody else but but you'll
still like you know you guys like yeah
Wow
