attention there will be spoilers in this
video before you watch this you should
have definitely watched the episode okay
guys so we're watching Pretty Little
Liars big a reveal and this is going to
be our reaction or thoughts afterwards
of the whole thing so the main x star
popcorn good Ava
oh that she's even wearing a freaking
yellow shirt ah no she's psycho
I guess she legit psycho I think she
really thinks she's Allison she actually
looks like her from behind
poor chives means it's game time
boom chicka was a that's true it all
started again when she was locked up and
that way just praying the girls you
receive its you're in that to catch Jack
Charles hey I mean I choose sister
you're like believin brother I would
take the key slide yeah yeah
Charles
so Charles my dreams my boys that was
such an intense episode my voice is gone
Oh Ali had a brother okay so you know
how there was like the twin sister
theory they just spun it around now it's
like a brother and obviously he was
jealous of Alison his whole life oh my
gosh my voice is literally gone what the
heck ah props to you pretty little liars
I thought I knew I thought it was the
twin sister thing the fact that Mona is
alive which I knew so I thought that was
like the biggest shock you know but that
wasn't even the big shot are over there
Pistor oh good girl
Oh Charles is Jason's twin Oh maybe she
uh okay guys so I want to know what your
theories are like what do you think is
gonna happen like just in the comments
go everyone already knows that like
spoilers will be said we have ours I
think we got it like we got it or
related it Charles is the twin brother
of Jason yes which we found out from the
video but Charles grew up wanting to be
a girl
and this explains why misty bought two
yellow dresses instead of one on like
Christmas or like a birth and why he's
like an outcast and then Alison found it
she's like no you only found one dress
when your dad gets home yeah only had
one dress and she's like but why mom
like there are two dresses Jeff no he
had one dress
probably because misty was like chill
with Charles being a girl and Mr D like
totally won yeah oh and also even Alison
was gone missing she was still buying
him clothes remember the girls rep the
girl
okay girls were at Alison's house and
Vermont like her mom and just went
shopping with fresh like clothes you
know I mean like new dresses and stuff
and they're like why is she buying
clothes for her dead daughter
well Anne because Keegan Allen tweeted
that like the true like the reason why a
is a is really heartbreaking and like
sad and stuff and I feel like that would
be the perfect like heartbreaking reason
why he would be a and she was trying to
protect her son's gender yeah like a
gender identity and when Allison was
being buried she like vaguely remembered
her mom burying her and being like I
tried to protect you like why do you do
this
so she was obviously talking to him
Charles not Bethany but no she was
talking to Charles her son who hit who
hit Alison cuz she was still trying to
protect him yeah he wanted to be Allison
or he wanted to be like Allison so he
got sent to Radley and misty felt so bad
that she was like dough she donates she
was like a huge investor and donated in
like art supplies and like all that time
we thought it was for Bethany but it was
for him yeah is it that's why he's so
like obsessed with them and Allison's
specific and dolls and I'm not sure if
there's like romantic thing in there
he's kind of like like in love with her
almost we're not sure about that but
we're sure that he's yeah like that's
our theory what is your theory do you
think ours is stupid do you agree with
it I think it right that's true but why
is a going after the girls I think he
was just jealous of like their
friendship maybe want a girlfriend he
wanted to like or he's so like weirdly
in love with Allison cuz he said you're
my favorite like that's not just like I
want to be you like or maybe well and in
Monet like he wants Mona to look like
Allison thank you guys for watching I
hope you liked it I'm skeptical de bus
if you're new to this channel and yeah
haha oh my gosh my voice hi
