morning guys well actually good
afternoon now currently what's my pond
oh just a - it is Sunday March 20
seconds and it is 12 38 if you can see
that I would have locked this morning
but honestly I'm Ashley I just went to
church he had a meeting because she's
going on a missions trip this summer
which is super exciting so she was a
meeting for that so I had time to kill
so I actually went to the Starbucks
that's across the street but I have to
finish editing yesterday's vlog so I
have my computer here and yeah I just
want to update you before went into
Starbucks because I felt like that'd be
very like I don't know I don't know you
know I mean it is oh this is Ashley's
cartoon I didn't get a new car sasha
Scott I'm rambling you don't care let's
go
actually however one way to use it
so I just edited my thumbnail for my
plug because I felt like that would be I
don't know those are usually more fun to
do so I figured I was use that I got a
lot of the vlog edited which is super
exciting so I'll just get to watch this
back and add a little time to you and I
should be done super super soon it is
1:26 an hour I will text me and I just
posted this on Instagram so if you guys
aren't following me then you totally
should mine is at max Ibiza Ashley's
here yeah just telling her I see walking
with result amazing other man as you
guys hopefully noticed I was like
talking really quiet I'd be like this
Instagram right now I'm like okay it's
all good visions I have friends
mr. August we must completely edited
pipe into the thumbnail so that's really
really exciting and I'm working out
homework some discussion post to me in
an article an apology
what do you wanted night
eyelashes all played like an egg and I
don't like it
telling us a base play we had a date
today and then actually came in
shoppers are Dale I thought Keith
third-wheeling or hired Avery so now we
are at Chipotle
cuz that's was hungry and I was not very
I'm sorry I'm gonna like yo let's go
choke so mom I got a chicken
go
vintage filet what do you usually order
if you haven't been digital I'm mr. Poli
like is it is it world my gosh if you
have a minute
then let me know what you would get
budget where'd you get chicken John with
grilled veggies and cuacamole
balance Bom Bom but uh so update I'm
Ashley Taryn and I we are going to have
an adventure tonight
yeah we are something pretty bomb yeah
I'm excited we are gonna go to
Huntington I'm good yeah yeah yep we're
gonna have a bonfire tonight so we're
all bundled up and we are going to go to
Walmart and get some stuff like firewood
cuz that be important for about bar yeah
but we should bring a lighter I'm ahead
of you girl I'm ahead of you okay so we
are now at CVS and we are getting some
good news before we go we need to get
firewood and we need to get because who
do the ones next what are we getting
we're getting the jerky forgetful jerky
kidding
throughout something different we can
make our own typos you don't have
you can buy them well I brought the
scissors so we can cut that Wario's do
we want milk
do we want Nilla wafers sanella Nilla
wafers we want some Doritos or you know
you can say like this is I'm Jada after
you pistachio
yeah like three over who Lucky Charms
I love Lucky Charms got some
marshmallows okay explain what's going
on we're making s'mores and instead of
pushes chocolate where I've never heard
of that but that's so brilliant thank
you name it
wait is it a thing we found the graham
cracker yeah put it in put it in it's so
pretty so crazy lighting is so much
better this week so I'm gonna walk
backwards for a second so the guys it's
firewood we got our nest now we are
going to go hopefully find a fire pit
well it's not like you know hopefully
then I'll take it because it is Sunday I
didn't really think about the time this
weekend most people are completely on
spring break
okay my hair is crazy let's not talk
about that
why can't we talk about the sunset right
now um seriously so pretty oh my gosh
got some mom's fries really what's my
hair doing though okay tell her to go in
front of the RV
okay so we had Ashley get a suite from
tikibird which is a bomb burger place
here in Huntington for art our job was
to look at the pit and there's a whole
lecture just awesome so yeah I'm so
excited like I've been waiting for this
for so long
okay okay I'm seriously though like
they're a whole bunch of people like
taking pictures and stuff it's like
really pretty here so I don't feel
awkward blogging which is awesome
because I hate when I walk or flops
logging ready just posted this on my
story BAM smell me on snapchat is Lilu
11 after 3 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 5 Freddy why -
I got it - how you make a fire we make
big fire here we go here we go wait
there's more there's more wood here we
go guys ah 7 yeah don't ask I was
starting there we go there we go tape it
what do I do check we made fire we made
fire enjoying the fire it was a me sir
why Oh what do you call Reese's more
every sorry more we're gonna go this Oh
so we are back here at the apartment and
I was super super super fun had some
talks and deep tucks on the beach by
bonfire that was super fun and I really
liked it yeah anyways I just want to say
good night thank you guys so much for
watching this because I love blogs and I
love how you guys love my blogs just I
don't know it makes me feel really happy
about that
I'll see you guys tomorrow and I love
you all so much
don't ever forget it bye
