good morning guys so do Saturday okay
for the weekend what what and it is oh
let's see if we can see that is 914 I
need to charge my phone I can see shout
out to Kaitlyn menteng and love and Matt
Phoebe 11 because you are currently on
my phone Oh cuz you are currently on my
phone right now
okay so plans for today I'm just gonna
give you like the rundown right now I'm
going to do a go fill up my car because
it's like it has no gas I'm going to
make a quick target run then I'm going
to go over to Mia's because I left my
makeup there the other day oh thank you
to Ashley for letting me use yours today
I just like threw some on really quick
because I was like really wanting to get
at the door soon and after that I'm
gonna come home finish editing my DIY
room decor video so excited I think
you're really gonna like it
I'm a little stressed just because I saw
a lot of editing left to do and I don't
want it going up super late tonight so
that's why I wanted to get an earlier
start on it the day so we have us the
plan and let's go over to target right
now target right now but first you have
to say bye to club a biz oh why are you
so cute we are we snugged pretty hard
this morning and I could not get out of
bed because she was just laying on my
chest I was like heyou eyes on you give
me love give me love me cloclo love me
club club and Ashley will be home super
soon and that way you won't be home by
yourself we don't like being home by
ourselves huh you're so cute I love you
wanna okay so at Target I'm not walking
to Target and the main thing that I want
to get is actually like a little bag for
me yet one thing that we really like to
do in our family is like when someone's
flying anywhere we always get them like
a little Buddha bag and we'll put like
gum and like snacks and like just stuff
like that so I'm gonna like quickly
really quickly cuz I should be over
there right now just together for her
and ask you some other stuff so yay
good please
and some of this cuz it's so bomb seeing
what else shall we get this is super
cute yes
adventures in target it fit just in time
ok ready just uh so I'm bound to find
something in here this is like the good
gum aisle I should come here instead
sampling what would happen if I come
here I never knew that they did oh my
gosh I seriously got only Walmart had
this the target never has it up front so
we never like look back here got some
parondi hmm
meanie what's he like oh this is my
favorite licorice ever is so bomb I
don't know if you like that but if you
feel like it so we're gonna get it
these are good let's do that oh my gosh
I have to get you boom chicka pop where
is it where is it your tutu
why can you not find it important okay
they don't have any little kind they
only have the big one mer okay so Plan B
I don't know what to do I that's like
too big I need like a mini money now
they don't test mini one they usually do
I already got you goldfish uma wonho's
do have mini okay I'm totally gonna get
you apple chips because I remember one
time you had them and you really liked
them so we got so looks let's go it's so
weird cuz there's like no one here right
now yeah that was a success yeah good
got some good got some good I hope you
like it maybe I know you trying to get
healthy totally didn't get you like
anything else okay so really random but
if you guys saw my what I got for my
Christmas video then you would know that
my parents got me a tripod for my car
and I lost it but now I found it oh
that's exciting we're gonna see how this
works and hopefully it works really well
this is so cool oh my gosh
I hope that fancy you're not fancy
oh you're full of it
we must be heaven you'll be rich if
looking good with your profession
boom got a pizza some hit me like a
second house basically because I'm here
all the time and I was really really
hungry so I got some pizza and I Mitch
I have something for you me me what I
have something for you I do
it's a Buddha bag before your trip
Oh us oh yeah you aren't so cute you
okay really okay I cannot remember you
had it with me right okay like this like
my favorite lookers ever oh yes oh yay
no girl oh alright we've drawn my face
oh come on Tommy enough have a good trip
say goodbye we just finished the prom
video in its entirety
oh really you leaving me so boom have
fun in Japan on America have fun without
me
emotion of long-haul watch your nose
every day
the big place yeah
yes papi 14 don't worry it's not all for
me Ashley and her friends hair and are
actually at the pool and I was like you
know do you guys want Starbucks because
it when it's super hot and she actually
always always brings me Starbucks so I
thought I'd ask interested yeah so let's
go drop off have fun swimming without me
I don't think guys we got a venti
sugar-free vanilla sweetener but what
Reed duck we got a venti sugar-free
stove in a lot KP is so good okay so all
of my like errands ish I guess you can
say are done finally and now it's
currently 1:45 oh my gosh like I feel
like I should be going to bed right now
so I'm so tired but I cannot do that
because I have to edit this whole video
and get it up as fast as I can basically
which is why I got the venti Starbucks
because let's face it I really needed it
and welcome to no let's face it I really
wanted it so basically this is where I'm
going to be for the next like six hours
not even exaggerating with closed air
heck no we were just playing really hard
that's why we are tired what up okay so
I think I just finished my thumbnail
did you do to do yeah I'm so excited and
are watching friends hey friends these
updates we are doing the voice-over you
can probably tell you guys know me I'm
usually really really light I just don't
like voiceovers on much just because
they take so long but for some reason I
think it was the coffee I'm like busting
through this so let's hope I get done in
the next like five minutes that would be
epic I'll be really quick I'm will be
okay anyway let's go okay so after you
tie all of you our string like cone fit
note see I jinxed it and jinx to edgings
to edgings to Edgington is the DIY I
hope you guys like it I was so good
do you tie all the strings on today oh
my gosh you guys so it is now 756 it is
8 o'clock I sat down here at 2 to
something right I don't know
oh I said it would be like 6 hours
that's right anyways I'm currently
exporting the video across your fingers
with me that it like works because
sometimes it'll like fail and ops like
redo it figure out with promise yeah
this is exporting and then we're gonna
upload well I'm gonna get some food I've
eaten in forever oh my gosh it's finally
up you guys have to go watch it go watch
it yeah my remembers a couple spring and
it is currently 8:30 I've been literally
sitting here this whole time and that is
the life of a youtuber or at least my
life when I upload I'm so tired but I'm
not because I've been sitting like I
don't feel physically tired so mentally
exhausted but now I'm going to probably
stay here for another hour and just
reply to comments and read your tweets
and screenshots like seriously I just
have so much fun doing like this is my
favorite part just like replying to your
guys's comments and seeing what you guys
think of everything and yeah
Ashley Chloe and I we're going on an
adventure an event we are going on an
adventure
fishing adventures yeah who else was up
I love us I just uploaded my video I was
replying to comments for a long time you
guys are loving it and that makes me so
so happy work you're really hard on it
I bet are you gonna die sure what is it
going to say adventure oh yeah we're
about to we have a lot of pretty little
liars Ed's to catch up on so we were
going to UM you're going to catch up on
those and we were like hey let's walk to
CBS and get some snacks
that's our Saturday I turn up it's like
well let's go to city yet because a pup
Ward who stumps okay so got the goods
zebra popcorn make your life they should
just send you see my popcorn Fun Pack if
you guys ever give this to me I will hug
you like ten times and then we can share
the magical miss together you don't know
what zebra popcorn is it's basically
caramel popcorn with white and dark
chocolate or milk chocolate whole good
does that not look magical anyways we
are going to catch up on some Pretty
Little Liars cuz I'm really excited for
the finale everyone so um we're gonna go
to bed because I'm so so so so tired so
I just wanted to end up
oh I click over leeches blog by the way
was that late I don't know day 9 babes
aren't obvious okay say bye thanks for
watching
