here at Starbucks actually the bus
sister she's jacking at the airport and
silverglade yeah I literally just walked
I feel and I know
love them forever and I'm retired it
would be servoz and a sandwich is so bad
hey guys you're in Dallas everything is
good three minutes
yeah I'm not alone anymore
we're both editing well I'm not right
now uploading right now but I will be
editing we are here having such a nice
sit-down meal together done to the Dom
we got a chicken market salad which
looks so good to bomb yay
I've been waiting for this all day you
sent by Starbucks this morning guys
update though I did take a nap like 20
minutes not even kidding Ginny's here
so cute so cute I kind of feel that
vlogging today I realize really really
failed ish you know good morning guys so
today is the epic day of beauty context
is super excited you can tell we got to
get ready first I curled my hair but I
put it up because it's like I usually
let it like cool that way excited to get
some breakfast
so come on let me show you but
priorities man you gotta have food first
is what we got I got some oatmeal that
which is like huge I was not expecting
that and some eggs we're gonna get some
star bees later it's gotta get some star
beat yeah I feel like we started saying
star bees like as a joke because like
being those girls who are like by bees
but then now we sing it because like we
say it okay so we are about to leave for
the event and I put this like 12:30 ish
I just checked we're officially ready
it's been like a long morning well yeah
it says cities man got to have our
coffee and we're going we're going we're
going going going I'm Brianna say oh you
look like on point today just a thank
you I wouldn't mind that turns a little
we got a guinea so we've been a lot a
work Mimi when people walk but now
they're going to be like
Kevin come here with his beauty you
don't know the channels and you're kind
of under a rock just saying miss you go
guys okay so we're going to blast the
floor we're going to be crazy behind
here I start getting I wanted to anyway
started chilling here
okay Mason I got her
work our videos these girls need to make
a channel
is the if you are watching this we're
bout you're not here to fish you're here
I want to eat you I want to watch it
what is it Lizzie Ramirez got it okay so
we have a panel really soon it's like a
BFF panel I think it's gonna be kind of
like a watchtower
other friends using their career and
explained it to everybody else
they make online
we just had our panel and it was so much
fun and I'm having a little bit creepy
to me everyone
mighty good over here with Sammy Anthony
what's your favorite part of beautycon
meaning every security guard like these
are not goody bags oh my gosh it looks
like luggage thank you what 0td over 21
American Eagle also forever 21 oh my
gosh can you 21 oh you have shoes are
not from your trip really oh yeah girl
thank you thank you Bill Austin oh my
gosh that was so much fun if you're now
headed back to the top I'm sad it's over
I wish it was kind of like a two-day
saying never gonna meet up with Janine
and go get some food cause I'm so hungry
or exhausted actually I'm more hungry
I'm and I'm tired but I'm definitely
just like really hungry hello guys so I
was about to take off my makeup and I
was like wait I should end my vlog but
the axe II was so so so much fun
honestly I think it was my favorite
Beauty con so far I think was definitely
my favorite it was I don't know just
really really fun what are so hard I'm
sorry I'm late but yeah I love meeting
you guys so still it so much and if we
take a picture together be sure to tweet
it to me and tag me in it I really want
to see it and yeah
