morning guys so today is it is March 12
and it's 1104 if you can see that below
no my yeah so I just did my makeup and I
could put my hair up and I put on some
whatever clothes because I have some
errands to do and today is a very very
busy day so if you didn't know I leave
tomorrow for Beauty context I have a
pretty early flight I just uploaded
yesterday's vlog not yesterday's vlog 2
days ago vlog but it was a day late so I
upload I uploaded my last vlog this
morning and then we got ready I need to
put on some lipstick like a bottomless
pit
I don't know and other you are there Mon
oh ok Vinnie is the mute binder of the
mirror line the reason why I didn't vlog
yesterday was because I actually had to
go on back to my parents house all day I
don't want to just random stuff to do
like I doctor appointment a dentist
appointment which I ended up having to
cancel because I couldn't go to and just
a whole bunch of other stuff so I didn't
vlog because I was so busy and I felt
really bad because I really wanted to
get my last vlog up yesterday but again
I was just crazy busy so it didn't get
up until today so I'm sorry but that's
my buzz if you're wondering put somebody
cool speaking of eye doctor I officially
need glasses I knew it I knew it I knew
it I knew it remember how I was always
saying how I couldn't read the clock on
the thing and I was like I think I need
glasses yeah I need glasses
so I'm nearsighted which means I can't
see things far away like I can't read
things and that's what I'm having
trouble with I blame you to completely
blame all of my editing hours and
craziness something that the computer I
cannot talk today more honestly though I
I knew it was bound to happen so insert
picture here of the ones that I got
hopefully they look cute we will see we
shall see yeah luckily I don't have to
wear them like 24/7 it's just like I'm
driving or if I'm in like a setting
where I need to see read things far away
taking the vitamins - yes I love gummies
and they're awesome so yeah but yeah
like I said I'm going to beautycon
tomorrow so I have to pack today I have
so many things I just need to get like
random things honestly every day before
a flight I am like going crazy like I
have so much I need to do although I am
proud because I actually got my nails
done like ahead of time normally it's
like the day before I'm like I should go
get my nails done I have about an hour
till Ashley comes home and then we're
gonna film and stuff so I'm gonna do my
errands now bye khlo I'll be back really
soon one hour you can play with your
toys
have you baby
okay we are t.j.maxx bound because my
trip is literally I fine with it I leave
Friday morning come back to Sunday night
so it's basically like two and a half
days really and I feel like it's so upon
us to bring a whole suitcase so I'm
gonna look for a carry-on suitcase
because I don't have one
they feel like it really should have
lunch them a lot if I could break yellow
one I could do that one okay what do we
think I need to send a picture to Ashley
so she can help me I'm leaning towards
this one just because it's a lot
sturdier like I can totally tell this
one's like ruler Palomas ooh
it's super cute though and I like the
pink update because I don't know I
wasn't crazy about them and so I'm here
target now we're gonna check they're so
expensive here and there's like no cute
ones they're all like boring except a
little kid ones which I obviously can't
use because there's no I could fit all
my stuff in it come on target you let me
down let me down
Ashley hi babe like hook might be back I
told you I would be bad well you smell
that Pandora look what I brought you
Oh Chloe
that is No look what I got it's been
forever I got my usual power chicken
hummus Bowl with extra chicken so hungry
oh my gosh guess what I'm getting so
excited yes who I am what are you guys
excited like just yes yeah I'm gonna get
like a knife and then like just get Oh
like pulled of Shane you need the
flashlight for your video yeah I'm
actually back at Target I was here this
morning how to get some things so I'm
back and you're getting some things yeah
still finish filming our video that's
going up tomorrow
typical youtuber prom vocal probs let's
see splash let's wear flashlights
get in see starts I haven't had it today
yet instead pad myself yeah oh yeah I
should check so it is currently 1244
a.m. what is life
just kidding it's actually kind of early
ish but it is super super late and I
knew this was gonna happen I am still
editing my video haven't even done my
voiceover yet which generally takes
about an hour unfortunately don't do
this um now I still should do a
literally like I'm so sure I lose my
using can help me pack again so every
time choice helps me pass needs a bit
and Ava's here we got some shots for
this video
it shall be epic yeah so now we're
having the most epic editing editing
date ever
oh yeah get ready guys get ready I'm
really hoping to have this vlog up
before the video goes up that would be
cool ready oh that's not color corrected
okay it's coming along coming along
coming along come come come come come
along and here is the mess that is my
room which has everything that I'm
packing so yeah packing for beautycon
should be super super super fun or
mizerock my bathrooms are xkz oh my gosh
I don't even know what I'm wearing so
I'm just bringing a whole bunch of stuff
so I can figure it out later update it
is now 250 a.m. for like two hours oh my
gosh that's crazy the thumbnail is done
which is exciting
doo doo doo there it is there is there
is there it is
Ava still here we chillin we chillin and
I'm about to start my voice over I have
exactly an hour and 10 minutes till I
should start getting ready for tomorrow
I need to take a shower I need a pack so
much to do I'm really hoping I can get
the voice-over done as fast cuz normally
voiceovers take me kind of long but
hopefully we're just gonna talk through
it hope pray for me guys oh and PS
coffee was definitely a must I forget if
I showed it earlier if it's the only
reason why I'm still awake right now I
should be okay so the first thing was
definitely a mess a mess
a bus take it state so you can rock them
and yeah I hate where's ours I hate boys
over and I hate boys ever through the
word essential and yeah
now I'm rambling okay bye okay voiceover
is done and we are about to pack it's
awesome mess oh okay let's let's do this
you know you're a youtuber when you use
studio lights as just like a light for
your room making some progress okay guys
so it is now 4:00 a.m. and I have to
leave the apartment in one hour
um so I don't miss my flight so I'm
gonna say goodbye now and in like an
hour or so I'm gonna start tomorrow's
blog and I really really want to get
this vlog up tomorrow I love you guys so
so so much thank you so much for
watching and I love you guys bye
