hey guys so do not mind this I'm
actually doing the makeup right now for
whatever reason I decided to change
things up and do my makeup in front of
my mirror like on the floor I used to
always do my makeup this way and I
haven't in forever so I was like I'm
gonna do today I am currently watching
with Josh Hart oh wow I'm doing my
makeup okay
I'm not left-handed let's see if I can
do this I'm like hey mrs. makeup is done
whoo okay so don't gotta put on some
lipstick doh
because my lips don't look good without
lipstick yeah I should get my hair but I
think I'm gonna start filming because I
have a lot of stuff that I can film or
I'd only have to show my face so I think
I'm gonna start doing that Ashley should
be home in a couple hours and get them
thin and yeah I'm just I'm ready for
another productive day you guys know me
like I love when I have productive days
they happen I don't want to say rarely
but kind of rare like when I'm in a good
mood productive day those are kind of
rares like I'm so excited and I'm really
hoping the rest of the week is like this
cuz yesterday I was like Dez day before
was like this I'm just like yeah fun
fact this is my favorite flannel that I
own and I actually got it from the
brandy Melville sale they they always
have like big sales every now and then
this was actually only ten dollars it's
just like some vintage flannel honestly
I probably could have got this at like
the thrift store it's like my favorite
flannel in the entire world day outfit
is on point like you Tom as a toes yeah
and the quid she brought me she's the
best sister EVER mmm I passion team oh
thank you I'll pay you back so yeah
basically I've just been here filming
there's a little sneak peek of a DIY not
too much has been going on let's see it
is 139 139 but I do feel like I've been
pretty productive I mean I uploaded my
vlog this morning you guys should go
check it I've been filming started a DIY
and then I've been filming honestly
that's kind of it I've been working on
some DIYs for exciting yeah we're just
gonna film for us today I'm really
hoping I can go get my nails done
tonight because they are horrible
actually think horrible is an
understatement like they're not even
white anymore they're just like it's an
ugly color and yeah so I need to feel
really bad dams and did you want to get
your nails done later you get a product
felt like tonight
maybe pretty bad actually you should
call make an appointment yeah do it for
like six that would be perfect
I need pool so we uh we changed yay you
guys want an outfit of today so I'm
wearing this crop top which is from at
forever 21 I got it last year but I feel
like you could probably still find it
because they always like have similar
clothes throughout the whole year that
make sense yeah it's really cute and
it's like the back is kind of like a tea
cross right what's this called razor
razor back hair is up because it was
bugging me that I'm wearing this gray
skirt which is from a forever 21 as well
and it's cool because it's actually like
a neoprene material which is like sweat
suits and stuff so it's very cool very
thick which I like does this not
describe me tivity speaking of Aventine
coffee today I had tea though I saw my
tea ash I need a fish that we've been so
productive today oh my gosh I love this
so so so so much
what so let's count how many times I've
changed outfits today anyways very
successful filming day anyways actually
I are actually on our way to go get our
nails did because these need it so bad
yeah I'm gonna get Phil of course still
got to do the signature white and I
really need to panic here too so we're
gonna go do that beyonds yeah got our
nails done yeah of course I got my my
signature white because that's that's
all I get
but you get what you get deep purple RIT
a yeah very good for the thumbnail ready
yeah yeah oh yeah I really liked them I
think it looks so good
yeah I am starving we're hungry my
narratives so good but it
hmm sorry and then we can go home and we
can edit and have a productive night
with our productive morning effective
tonight yo okay so I was literally just
thinking about the fact that I probably
don't have that much footage in today's
vlog and then it hit me and I was like I
should walk man anyways I am currently
here at my lovely desk
as you guys can see it and I'm editing
big shocker I know and what's funny is
I'm not even editing I'm editing all the
footage that we got today I'm not even
editing my new video that's going up
next I should be editing that but I
think in my head I know that's gonna
happen and I'm really excited about this
footage specifically so I want to like
work on that right now but yeah i am so
excited i like everything has turned out
great in this video boom a sneak peek yo
look at this is like rough cutting as
you can see like seriously there's no
extra I'm just like literally basically
just imported all the clips so this is
like as basic as it gets right there and
what's funny when I upload this you guys
don't have to see like how it's like
crazy like stuff everywhere but anyways
yeah there's a sneak peek but yeah
here's a little sneak peek for you but
uh we're chillin with Terrance here say
hi hi for playing with khlo khlo money
cook what cookbook woman named na spin
twirl twirl twirl Nestle's editing
what are you editing a hair tutorial
when's it going up what tomorrow Maru
tomorrow
I'll put the link in the downbar once
it's up but watch it go watch go watch
it access go watch watch
a chicken jolly laugh ha you guys
okay okay
Selena Gomez's new video hiko hi baby
I love you I have a headache okay yeah I
need to edit this vlog but I don't think
I have a bunch of footage and I feel
really bad mark I might find it with
tomorrow's vlog or it'll just be a short
walk something is I'm a big a very good
khlo money money is my name and mouth
she is my name I'm back get what like a
panda Panda and white like it over yo
Double Stuf black and white like a ninja
Club money khlo money yeah that's right
I'll take you BAE
because I'm Your Baby BAE turn up if
you're completely lost right now we made
up a rap for Chloe um it's been one of
my most recent vlogs hope you sure to
watch this okay I'm gonna try to be
productive and start editing this look
let's do it so I like just I'll sleep on
the couch for like an hour or so like a
little over an hour so I'm going to go
to bed because I'm so tired I'm sure if
tomorrow have a vlogger Knox I'm pretty
busy but if not then I'll be back really
soon I love you guys so much and I love
you already said that my gosh I'm tired
bye
