morning guys so photography 9:57 sucked
in more than I was hoping
making some breakfast hot pot I was
productive enough to go get Starbucks
though because I mean come on I'm always
prediction to cook it perfect actually
no that's a life is sometimes I'm really
too lazy and that's a it's pretty
awkward to vlog my results down there
I didn't even lock my face I was just
like trying to secretly get some shot it
was kind of a fail over two days
and we're uploading I'm taking so long
seven minutes left guys almost done I'm
so excited I did some DIY shopping as
I'm sure most of you saw also put some
makeup on no longer a fetus drink in my
lap hey and yeah just waiting for this
to go up and then I'm probably going to
lead and go at home but I'm waiting for
us to go up because you guys are way
more important just saying six minutes
Meimei but are you my penis
oh you bootiful me italics just blow up
speaking of I've had a few comments yes
Mia does have a vlog channel her and
working Alex have one combined everyone
was like how come he is uploading but
there's no like blogs on her blog
channel I was like Oh change channel so
I'm gonna have like the damn bar I'm
straightening my hair and it wasn't even
on but I've done that so many times
we're like really when you're curling
your hair and then it like gets
unplugged or something and you're like
why is not curling for me I'm like it
looks pretty it's up guys go check it go
check it go check it okay i'ma go okay
I'll see you soon and my snapchat
follows the Pulsar trap
hi I missed you she's looking for a toy
I'm sitting on it I missed the yellow
bird and me ever talking about you and I
was saying how much I miss you that's
all your twin is not her yawns oh don't
fight me Ashley
I missed you too I feeling better you
look a lot better I am everyone said it
looks better right now did you get me
your toy does someone want to play so we
are getting ready to film I am super
excited I'm like in filming them I don't
know I just I love when I'm in these
moods because the videos usually turn
out really well when I'm just like yeah
this is awesome so we have some
sunflowers we're making some DIYs my
hair probably should have been curled
I'll do that later
and yeah
so let's do this work feel pain Oh Chloe
I like how it looks the lighting looks
good Karen ah okay mm-hmm that's really
good oh wow so update rubbing a little
bit um well we were having a little bit
of trouble with one of the DIYs I let
her have glue like in my hair all over
my hands like everywhere but luckily I
think we figured it out which is really
good so we're gonna finish filming that
before the Sun Goes Down but holiday
like saving time because it's a way
brighter than it normally would be and
I'm so excited so it's kind of in a
while since I blogged I am so sorry
it is cat what time yeah 8:55 and
obviously with the gym if you can all
tell yeah support it was good it was
good almost died at one point but hope
what we're good and uh-huh so earlier
when I was filming one of my DIYs
basically turned into a fail so I have
to go back to Walmart and Target right
now and reget some stuff because I
failed miserably Kat and I are gonna go
and yeah
watching forever leave it to me out
worth it
Liam worth it we're in Walmart's mission
get fabric see if we can find some hope
I could have the same one sit down I'll
take it as a huge fail out of like I
think is in this one and I need a six
thousand glue it should be here
somewhere - that's too much of a goal I
think that's a good yellow so currently
getting some ribbon it's both cute let's
talk about Nate I think I like that or
it looks better to have like I mean
worst case I won't use it
I can guys returning emails like two
dollars I can be that person you return
something that's two dollars okay so now
we're targets operation get pillow this
time I promise this is going to be the
first time where I go into target
needing one thing and coming out with
one thing only and coming up the only
thing that I need I refuse to let me buy
anything else that's it oh yeah grab it
let's go we got the goods got a pillow
we're gonna get out fast as we can't
we're basically like spy people right
now and target okay so we are back and
we are working on one of my DIYs and
it's very time-consuming it's like I'll
tell beautiful like job quick quick
sneak peek ready ready pray okay that's
what I've been saying for Jam
okay everything anything like that in my
life anyways I am the glue person that's
my job beautiful actually our stomach
gunshots okay I'm sure I'm ribbon folder
ruffle ruffle haha get some glue right
there
right what are you doing about me very
subtle
mommy's nut - I'll be like no other
right now oh good night good night
my niece's fellow but I didn't even get
off on my makeup I like just like I just
did whatever she was trying to sleep
like and I was like good night guys like
choking my pony it's a lie really you
need a vlog so you can get back on me oh
look at the picture of Cola Oh
Oh uncle on my name okay yo she looks so
innocent there please Florent okay cool
can you hear my bucks a can you leave no
listen
so I want to say goodbye because I'm
gonna go take a shower and Alison wants
to sleep and cake outs gonna leave so I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
vlog I love you so so so so much and my
bite bite bite bite
Hey
