oh hey guys so today is Tuesday and it
is currently 103 p.m. a kind of a
productive morning ish not no definitely
not
I mean okay so currently I'm trying to
upload it yesterday's vlog I don't know
what is going on but it has literally
taken me like three or four tries every
now and then our Wi-Fi will be kind of
slow but it's weird cause like we have
supposedly the best one but it's like
we'll be stupid like this a lot finally
I think it's working I had to switch
browsers twice now it says eight minutes
remaining so cross your fingers that
this works mon vlog you can do it I
believe in you Diana in my morning so
far I got ready that's what's kind of
good right Ashley should be home any
minute from school not me and like half
an hour and we're gonna film and then
hopefully tonight we can do something
fun whether it's like the jacuzzi or go
to dinner or something I don't know well
we shall see if anything yesterday and I
actually got quite a bit done Paula
really excited what are you doing why is
your bed out here you're doing it's like
she chose the blue one because she's
wearing her blue bows okay she went to
see Danny let's be to go for a walk
quickie 'it i love how her toys are like
everywhere there's three there there's
one day her beds out here you're too
much I can't handle you tit that's it
girl go get it what is my hair doing
let's try to fix up do I made some lunch
we have some chicken and spinach and
zucchini oh pretty good pretty good
pretty good this is my wonderful magic
youtube notebook where I have all of my
love the ideas and everything at it
personally I think every youtuber should
have a Youtube notebook where you just
put down all of your ideas and any thing
just because it helps so much if you're
like me I mean I need that like I just
so bad mm-hmm it's probably really
boring for you guys to watch me so I was
in a second okay okay so we are
currently heading to the pool right now
I'm gonna get some shots done there I'm
so good I'm like ahead of my game I
thought I had still a lot more to do
with that school video that's going up
this week
nope it's done basic I mean it's not
done but like the filming shots part is
done if that make sense so I'm really
excited about that I'm gonna edit that's
night and then we're gonna get ahead of
the game and start filming my next video
after that so excited right now so
that's why I'm all like Pula fied if
you're wondering are you ready Cano
yeah oh we have a harness good cool so
we are now here while the pools over
there but we're kind of like out here
it's a little like pool area oh yeah
pool area and we got some something done
not like to to too much but enough and
not like it's just been fun being
outside nice to get outside of the house
for a change
oh my gosh and you guys mix it I feel
like such a bad mom storytime so it's
Chloe's first time like out here we
decided to bring her she's starting to
get really sassy we're like she does not
like she barks at everyone and we're
like no Chloe we don't want you to be
that dog so where do we need to like get
her like out and about like doing things
you know I'm sad to bring her hey see
this is what I'm talking about
nasty pan when we got here I was like
hey I should like walk her around like
the pool area and you know like
everything just so she can get like like
smell around and get used to it because
we really want her to like start coming
out here with us just watch her long
story short she didn't realize what a
pool is she's never been to a pool like
not her fall our fall he's on the leash
and I her harnessed I was just walking
her around and I started walking I
turned around start walking back towards
where we were like where Ashley was
which was across the pool you just
bolted like thinking that the pool was
the ground like she just started really
running towards and I was like tried to
stop her I was like Chloe won't like
just fell into the pool I felt so bad
like luckily she was fine she was
totally fine like she was completely
fine she had her harness and stuff so I
just literally like picked her out and
she was in there for like literally two
seconds but luckily we had the towel
because I was filming with it so we just
wrapped her up and let her sit in the
Sun it and get all better so she's
totally fine
see I'm fine now we all dry dance make
it better she just was not the groomers
the other day so we have to give her a
bath because chlorine is not good for
her skin I'm guessing so we have to give
her bath tonight which is so sad
let me her bow still stated a she was
like Chloe huh we're good so now we're
filming and there's people and the
right there there's like right next the
window so I'm sure they can see all this
happening they're like what's crazy girl
doing are we good
you still think you're so fierce so
anytime anyone walks by she's like au
revoir au revoir well I think later
we're gonna go to Target I need a new
concealer and face wipes I think
actually I think I'm okay with that just
like some random stuff of course so
we'll see what I get
oh and I'd like a new bathing suit too
and then I also need to go to Victoria's
Secret because I have a coupon so I want
to use that little shopping later get
some food right now so I changed and I
made a smoothie Ultra calls shake I want
call just media calls shake basically a
Reese's smoothie which is like heaven
guys what do I title this Instagram post
I have no idea I don't know no I don't
know I don't know hey do you see my hair
right now it's probably like that the
whole time wasn't it why don't you guys
tell me come on guys come on okay so we
are on our way to the mall right now boo
boo boo boo I have a couple things that
I want to get but mostly main reason I
want to go you guys I am so embarrassed
just to like even show this is okay so
if you didn't know Mac has a what they
call it back to Mac program basically
you can recycle like for every six items
that count farther back to macking which
is basically everything for the most
part anything in a plastic container
yeah anything in like a plastic
container and you bring back six of
those empty or full or whatever they'll
give you one free item whether it's an
eyeshadow lipstick or lip gloss okay at
the stores all three at some departments
- only a lipstick point is remember not
too long ago when I guys showed you when
I guy showed you whoa I'm so out of it I
showed it you guys on my new makeup
collection and that I like got rid of
most of my makeup well I am I have two
full bags of Mac stuff that is good to
back to Mac keep in mind I have been
collecting makeup since my freshman year
of high school which was forever ago so
most of this is literally just like
expired like no other
super super old so it's not even like
I'm just like wasting it and very singly
walking to that
both of these and be like yo I got some
stuff to back to Mack I'm curious how
many free things all get because I have
six to one this one's like completely
almost tight as Lola do you see this
like this is completely full there's so
much stuff in here and that one's mostly
full bin in Nordstrom do you want those
shorts from Topshop first all right we
will come back I will forever love
Nordstrom I think it's like one of my
favorite stores oh hey there you looking
cute guys so many cute stuff oh my gosh
there's like no one here this is so
excited with what today Oh Tuesday
hey no they got a whole bunch of stuff
retracing red-eye back next up it was
really embarrassing but the girl with
school we got some makeup now we had
credit online actually had a pile of
stuff and then she came to make sure a
secret to come save me because I get in
her opinion
no we're hoping that her stuff is Millie
ur dick on
oh my gosh I feel Sophia want me to help
you find it all again I got some you
slip in here I like the lighter one
definitely
this is cute got something between one
and I got like what three things from
everyone there the kids cook where we
headed to a Copa America evil slow
why do what just happened
why Oh Aeropostale clothes and American
Eagle closed what's up with them all I'm
still sad that that's close to going
under
I think I'm ready to go successful
shopping trip now we are going to find
some food because I'm so so hungry what
do you want go to Cheesecake children
let's go to Cheesecake Dobie oh I
should put on my new lipstick and I got
to look miners and like three lipsticks
oh oh my gosh you guys update on the
whole back to Mac thing right
I guess you're technically only allowed
to back to Mac 24 items at a time that's
like their limit for each like visit
since Ashley's with me the girl was
really cool and she's like oh like I'll
let her do 24 so that way we could do it
two of them which means because I had
four left over 48 plus four that means I
had 52 items to back to Mac that is
crazy
cheesecake even though we're not getting
cheesecake so our cheesecake back to
read and I got some salmon which looks a
bomb the green stuff looks weird it's
just pesto sauce don't worry burger and
I'm gonna make it like a burgers yeah I
was just trying to find it was like
where is it and slower they're pretty
excited and they turned on the heater
thing for us so I can toasty warm guess
where we all favorite place in the world
target target don't choke I don't know
what it is I think okay so today we went
to a different target and I've been here
before but like I've been here in a
while and I swear like there's so much
cute stuff here it's really bad you guys
there's so much stuff here is this not
like such a cute lamp it could go right
behind the couch
okay it would look so cute reminds me a
Pixar sorry I'm doing bigger um shopping
haul I'll show you guys what we found so
far first of all babies dewd orange is
my color because it makes you look so
Han I love it got that getting that
haven't gotten it yet but will so
normally I don't really care for targets
close because sometimes I feel like
they're overpriced
but I found these a tiny little like
just in love okay so first one how fun
was this we were peeing this is my Jeb
shirt I think it's so cute I might as
well like not wearing at the gym they're
only like $12 getting some new shoes
because Chloe ate my other ones to be
concealer you consider we need printer
ink in a while okay I know you guys say
a shop all the times I've been started
honestly who's that suppose that target
oh it was no longer the gum thing yeah
but I don't really buy that much stuff
in on it seriously those targets like
home stuff has been stepping it up so
much chain-link wall storage she can
hang your jewelry from it that's so cute
oh my gosh I got my concealer pretty
excited I needed a new one so it was so
bad and of course you have to vlog in
the makeup aisle because lighting is
we've been finding these things all over
target we thought it'd be so fun to have
like an Easter egg hunt or like we hide
already hobby of these days I know well
we could hide earlier for those like
around the whole place and then each
other would have to find it like that'd
be so funny like a that's all I do there
look at that says that walk ashes your
run away go go it's your runway working
work oh yes yes hello so your home down
and I was actually just showing Ashley
what I got everyone over the target
stuff earlier so that was kind of that
part of the haul and I'm not going to
show you everything that I got today
shopping because I might might smite
keyword my to an actual haul video if
you guys I don't know I don't know love
you know if you would watch it and you
stop to decide but we'll see you do it
so first we want let's go somebody got
some their stuff is this blue shirt
which actually Ashley was gonna buy and
then she's like oh I don't want to get
two shirt I want to get one and I was
like yo I'll get that one and you get
that one and then we can get both I have
been loving like really long t-shirts
lately
990 and then oh and then I got this
really cute on like just plain white
tank top but its crop and I thought that
was super cute I don't know like I just
I thought it was really really cute so
here's all the makeup that I got today
and literally I got all of these for
free all of them except for the two lip
liners because I actually bought those
oh my gosh
so I got three eyeshadows so Omega query
query is on to query I believe and then
blank type and all those are just like
matte eyeshadow and then we got four
lipsticks I actually have one so the
left one is hers and it's like a really
pretty red color and then I was so
daring and this looks like black right
now but I promise it's more like a it's
like a really pretty dark maroon kind of
color which is so so so pretty I don't
doing for me but we're going for it and
then we got angel which is just a really
pretty color and then we also got cream
Cup which looks just like that and this
changed things up I got a lip lock and
this is in the color angel which I'm
pretty sure is like the same same color
as the lipstick so that's that's pretty
cool some reason I really been wanting
to try lip liners because that's one
thing I've never really mastered in any
way shape or form so um I really wanted
to get those so I want to try one of
these on right now the dark one huh
we're going for guys are you ready for
the final reveal
oh I know this is totally like not me
but it's kind of fun I don't know it's
really different swag yeah so this is
the dark one the lipstick is in the
color media and the spoken for is the
lip liner if you're wondering anyways I
think I'm gonna go get ready for bed
basically take this off which I just
worked so hard for I'm so cute why are
you so cute so I my sticks are and I'm
ready for bed and I'm so kind of awake
so I think I'm actually going to edit
this vlog right now at least part of it
and then go to bed so I'm going to say
goodbye I love you awesome so so so so
much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
