hey guys so we are currently getting
ready and get some mascara up in here
sound yay makeup is on I didn't to let
my hair Jordan maybe we can do something
cool okay so I don't know if you guys
notice when I literally have forgotten
to put on my rings for like the past
week and it's been bugging me so much
and I finally remembered I'm sorry to
having them on like 24/7 so it's so
weird not to have them so how I normally
do it it's been so long I don't even
know how to really have it I need one
more like right here that's what I need
come on let me take you full a rut and
get a lot of money but I gotta guess I
know mmm ice pageanty so balm you guys
always ask what it is you have to try it
and think of me when you try it
guess who's filming Ashley yeah yeah
what are we come in I am something a
hair tutorial we're going yeah work girl
mmm
I'm excited for this I need some new
hair tutorial ideas summer watch this
Pecola babies okay flip Evan all right
rich boy where's your toy okay so
currently in Ashley's room and I figured
I would do my hair
haha with the bed and I figured I would
do some online shopping for my room
because if you guys saw yesterday's vlog
I am redoing my room I need any a
dresser and I think I'm just gonna order
it because it's so much easier than like
going to anywhere and bringing it home
so I gotta figure out which one I want
where I want to get it from if I want a
matching nightstand or not and yeah so
do some online shopping
mm-hmm
mm-hmm so we're looking on Westone right
now Ashley is like the interior designer
I feel like you're really good at this
stuff
no I don't know if I should get a
matching nightstand or the same one or
same one birds everyone um I think
there's something cool about it not
matching but then about it matching I
know there's something like bold about
it I mean I can always not get it and
get it in a later yeah I can always get
it later
yeah I like it sweet you know what you
guys might I mean I don't want my room
to look like it matches but I want to
Maps not matching yet at the same time
it's like well should those match like
no I don't know I don't know let's just
we'll start with a dresser well I was
just so pretty
oh okay so what's the matching dresser
nightstand and bed frame and I don't
necessarily want the bed frame I don't
know I like how it like all goes
together but at the same time I like I
don't know I don't know what do you
think I like matching however in your
room if it's gonna be that corner
they're gonna be like side-by-side don't
get okay for sure no bed frame because I
have a headboard and I don't want to
spend more money with than I need to but
what about or do I not get the matching
nightstand get the bed frame on the
dresser why is it so hard
okay so updates time is 255 we've been
your hour
okay so I was literally about to order
like three things one from Anthropologie
one from West Elm and one from Urban
Outfitters any long story short the
dresser that I want one is backward now
it's so took me forever to decide if I
still wanted it and I was like yes I
still want it then if I signed up for
their like newsletter whatever I saved
basically like over $100 but I'm waiting
to get the email and I've yet to get the
email so I don't want to order it until
I get the email cause like who doesn't
want to save $100 so after all that I
exit out of that and then the pillow
that I wanted from Anthropologie is
backward for like two weeks I'm like no
this is just a pillow like I don't have
to have that exact one I'm sure I can
find some other for retail Oh somewhere
else and then what happened to urban I
forget what happens basically it was a
huge fail like everything that I wanted
there was some reason why I had to wait
to win it or not get it so after that I
like realizes like great I didn't order
anything
so yeah but I mean luckily I know what I
want now and then also I remembered that
I had my old white duvet comforter if
you remember that I let
we use it she actually hasn't been using
it for the past like week or so so I'm
gonna go put it uh oh
shirt is stuck in my computer all right
so I'm gonna go put that on my bed right
now to see if I like the look of it like
I don't necessarily have to have this
that one but I can see if I like how it
looks like a glove but come on come on
here we go here we go here we go
there we go what on movies are we
watching tonight boom Dubi like I
definitely like the white right here I
think I just need a new throw that has a
little more color cause it's just like a
little too much white then some new
pillows and stuff right here I think
it'll look good yeah oh and I told you
I'll show you guys yesterday I put
together my new shoe shelf was actually
it's just a bookshelf and I don't know
if you can tell but I actually have won
it back there already but I just want to
put the new one right there because I
have way too many shoes so hopefully
that'll look good yeah I definitely like
that well I definitely like that so I
just put in my other shoe shelf and like
I said earlier like these are just
bookshelves and then I just use them for
my shoes in my closet
so luckily it makes up a whole bunch of
space right here even though this is
totally messy we'll get there
baby steps right so yeah I am super
super excited and I still have this
clothing rack which I think for now I'm
just gonna put right here about
eventually my new dressers gonna go over
here so I mean maybe you could move that
for now look at this do you guys see
that that's horrible I just have all
this little stuff to pick up like my eye
thing good do you like it the racks will
be there until I get my dresser yeah I
don't want it there forever this looks
really good doesn't it
and then I put the rug there although
there's like five bajillion piece bolts
on it from Chloe so we have to go get it
dry clean then the mirror is eventually
gonna go in this corner the dresser is
gonna go over there
oh yeah the dressers gonna go there it
depends on how big the dresser is I may
not be able to walk to the mirror so
maybe the mirror will go we'll figure
out I'll figure it up do you like it see
the line still a lot to do unfortunately
this isn't a dresser like is backward
and it won't even ship for like another
week so
three weeks until I actually get it
which really sucks and I can't really
finish everything until I get that no
that's right there
then hold is coming over here I don't
know maybe like a chair and be sure you
know it'd be so legit
Tamara frickin Hammond wouldn't be so
JIT meaning a hanging chair or something
of that sort that would be so cool
update I was able to order the dresser
super-exciting and currently I'm Ashley
now we're gonna go take some pictures
for Instagram so I think I have to
figure out what I'm gonna wear I'm
really hoping I can get a shot where my
hair just looks like like I purpose
through head it that way because I
literally I like I took shower just let
it air dry today so that won't be cool
be cool I just need to change my top so
let's see too bad today is so weird I
feel so unproductive yet at the same
time I feel like productive and I'm
tired yet I'm bored yet I want to be
like productive it's really weird
hanging with it yeah so we're currently
walking to Target right now and I'm
trying to figure out what I should title
this Instagram because oh you can't even
see that boom there you go we had an
impromptu photo shoot session for
Instagram earlier grad target I need
some stuff for some videos which is
super exciting I think just like my
favorite time to shop at Target is when
I'm talking your videos done haha
yeah posted be oh so good target
adventures target target adventures dun
dun dun thong Oh pillows can we look at
pillows for my room it was a cute I
don't have Navy but if I owe you have
Navy oh I shouldn't to be I have this
that's super cute I want it a little
more of a fuzzy pillow though
target has such bomb like bedding and
stuff hey guys so I'm here with Alex and
Chloe's gonna like my video so I was
like wait you should be in a vlog
because I like vlogging and you're here
and you know yeah yeah guess what we're
kidding don't you get up yeah if you see
this you need to come over so we can eat
this together so literally didn't get
anything for my videos because they
don't have anything that I wanted I got
some dessert
oh dang that dress is great a that is so
poor mattoon but we got some dessert
because Ash's friend a Terran is coming
over you remember her
you guys my life is basically made if
you're checking out at Target the
cashier was like you come here a lot and
I was like maybe because I do I mean
let's be real but I didn't want to like
be obvious about how much would come
here and he was like oh I can tell
because you got a lot of coupons he was
like only people who come here get a lot
of coupons I was like that's right I
come here and I have to pick of all do
keep on update rockin new girl Aaron
here here we're all here this happen
made from chocolate covered pretzels go
bomb yeah cool so I'm going to start
getting ready for bed that would be cool
um and then I'm going to edit this vlog
okay bye now so I'm gonna stick it by
now and yeah
