hey guys so I had a pretty productive
morning I'm trying to be quiet right now
she's doing her voice over in the other
room for her video what she's editing so
that's why I'm trying to be why you can
hear me I was trying to be quiet for you
so I I just got ready well kind of ready
just getting more like makeup ready
because my hair's not done and I'm still
in my PJs - I'm liking how it turned out
anyways I think I'm gonna make a snack
right now cuz that would anyways the
whole let me tell you what's going on
so today Saturday and I really didn't
have too much plans today I am really
really craving like eliminator somes not
like lemonade but like the restaurant
lemonade so I think Ashton I are gonna
head out there later but then I was like
wait I should be productive and at least
film a little bit before we go so
Ashley's finishing her voiceover I'm
gonna make a snack real quick well I'm
in the process of getting ready and then
once we're both done then we will go
film something I don't know what I'm
filming it I gotta figure that out that
would be really helpful and yes like I
said still in my PJs swag for the win
pretty awesome I love PJ's PJs are great
like PJ's are just honestly honestly I
could be in PJs like all day and loved
it loved every second of it although I
will say for some reason I envy those
girls who like look so tumblr E in their
PJs you know what I mean like those
girls
watching someone's night routine and
they they just look so effortlessly
tumblr E and I was just like why I wish
I could be that way and then there's me
does anyone else fill me on this that
was one of them nail so it made some
lunch
/ yeah I guess why I just felt
definitely 12:30 so yeah great lunch so
it's totally too lazy to get a placemat
so I just use at this binder or notebook
that was right here as my placemat so
yeah I'm cool like that
so I'm bout to eat this omelette and be
very very excited but before we eat it
we have to basically drown it in Cholula
because I love this stuff so much
Oh oh my gosh show them and we're
filming what we filming I do you love
the smart look that I'm going for today
let's do this okay I'm ready I'm so
ready I'm really hoping this like
reflection isn't too that so I'm going
to try to purposely like look down the
entire video so when you guys are
watching this like once it actually goes
up on my channel you can be like ha
she's looking down the whole time you'll
notice that I'm like always have this
angle like hey but so the other day I
was really really procrastinating doing
my homework like we all do and I was
just like so not motivated at all okay
no filming was very productive although
I'm not gonna lie it definitely took me
kind of a long time to figure out what I
was saying oh I literally just built
how did this happen I spilled water down
my shirt and it's so cool but I would
like a happen what how does it I feel it
I feel it yeah water literature endemic
shirt just sitting so close to me can
you see it over you have that hole
counterfeiter Khloe's there oh yeah I
don't even notice your now look at this
I'm squished in this little corner 1/4
she's a Pharisee here for you can't take
up the whole house oh he's taking it the
whole you cannot become I mean don't
look at the screen look at the life of
hard not to use I'm looking at you I'm
looking above you like you get you above
them okay so true story okay you don't
funny I always a true story or true life
what I mean like any drought I'm driving
any office I should be like okay choose
right but it was like literally
irrelevant point is what should be good
night that is the question to girls
Saturday night and it's poppin' dinner
dinner meal and well we're gonna get
dinner either way did I was really
craving lemonade all day today like the
restaurant I think I mentioned that
earlier I wanted that so bad so I was
plenty like an LA like know we can go to
LA tonight or something and like go to
cozy
and then you're like oh what about
Disneyland who could sum up it there we
go and then it was like this I really
don't know mom in the comments if you
think Ashley looks like Ashley Benson
everyone says I do I see it sometimes
I'd something all day I look like Shay
Mitchell I don't see it but I see it I
feel like the face shapes some angles
like what should we do like really
Ashley's figure it out I look so big
compared to you right now not enjoy me
you're ready to go
hair lookin good so we finally have a
game plan guys so it's now 352 and we
decided that we're gonna go to Fashion
Island because I'm really craving
lemonade and then instead of Disneyland
because it's Saturday and it's always so
crowded on Saturday when you have a past
you go all the time
the last thing you want is going on a
date cause like so kind you're not used
to it when honey mansion is more than
like 10 minutes I'm like no like I don't
want to wait for that with the exception
of the holiday edition anyways point is
yours don't care if we're gonna go to
the Fashion Island and feel a little
shopping
honestly mostly just go to eat and then
come back home and have a movie night at
home yes yes
with California zebra popcorn close who
the I love and I love like have a
popcorn day those days for day you know
Sun not cute
why are we doing why are we something yo
what up we are now especially dude a
lady so good right now ready this is for
the thumbnail ash and Alex like we're
just taking a selfie so we're headed to
lemonade so excited so hungry I honestly
have like early in the all day yeah
yeah I don't have any no it all looks so
bomb
we'll see one I've tried the chicken and
salmon before it was just so shocking
tuna mango sticky rice got the mac and
cheese I gonna get lemonade
I think dark no kind of eliminate the
desserts looks doable
the macaroon
okay so we got some help what is this
look off an apple sugar pineapple
chicken something so bomb I get it every
single time and seriously I'm amazing
tomatoes and avocado and then this is
some Vietnamese cabbage something which
looks really bomb and of course you
gotta get some mac and cheese white
truffle
boom orbit then I got a blood orange
lemonade I'm debating getting a refill
when we leave because seriously
seriously so so so so good my favorite I
love lemonade though I think I'm going
to take some pictures or an Instagram
like I literally came all the way here
just for this filmed a pizza dough
that looks like so much food but we're
splitting it
no I didn't really talk too much
I'm honestly I don't know I didn't it I
just didn't got some stuff I got a pair
of shorts from Nordstrom and two shirts
from brandy melville and we are headed
home okay gotta get situated sorry let
me unlock it
hi Henry cool man we were there a while
huh
hey so we stopped my chair we're
stopping by Trader Joe's because we need
to get some groceries I was like you
know I never go grocery shopping with
you Ed you're about to be my boss just
kidding not really I we don't need too
much weed flowers out
enough
we can do that ready
cookie butter did you say get cookie
about a hooky but what they have cookie
butter ice cream
did you know that there we go oh my gosh
you have so many and I've looked
everywhere in the trip no just to get
one for cat dude it's like fully sucks
I've gone to least important for those
things you guys they have my favorite
licorice so bomb oh look at this here oh
the wonton one veggie stir-fry hey guys
so we are now home and we are in comfy
clothes and I am so excited
basically oh I miss you so much
hi oh boy buddy like I said earlier we
decided to have just a comfy lounge
movie night here we decided to have
breakfast dinner because I feel like
everyone has to have one of those every
now and then Chloe why are you biting my
food you want to be anyway okay I will
play with you a two second watch this
this is how we play
don't let the bows fool you so what are
we making do you guys want like a
grocery haul we didn't really get too
much but I'll show you what we did get
we got the multigrain toast waffles
because we're having breakfast tonight
like I told you guys currently toasting
those what else did we get a supposed to
be we got the mangoes but you guys saw
yes I'm a kettle corn crash that's okay
yes
horn what did we get then we went to CVS
because they have my favorite zebra
popcorn Ovilus popcorn but they were out
of it you guys I was so so sad luckily
they had a caramel popcorn and guess
what I got we got some dub white
chocolate and some dubs dark chocolate
and they're like the Easter eggs because
Easter is coming up we're gonna do a
little experiment melt these as and
drizzle it over the popcorn so basically
this is like DIY zebra popcorn apple√≠s
popcorn tutorial right now here for you
yeah I just realized I can like open the
cupboards and put my camera there Oh
tear carry care there oh yeah
that's all in this way are that now we
have to individually unwrap all these oh
oh my god we can eat them in a dog what
we're good chocolates kind of filled
everywhere hmm come home from school and
here is the beautiful masterpiece I will
say doesn't look as good as the other
let's see if it tastes just as good
so sure maybe low club Glenna so I'm
actually gonna end the vlog right here
because I want to edit all this tonight
because tomorrow Ashley and I are
actually going to be filming a video for
a wedding it's a friend of a friend
getting married so we said that we'd
like film the video and stuff honestly
I'm not going to vlog tomorrow because
we're gonna be busy with the wedding
like all day and then I have a lot of
schoolwork to get done so I'm gonna be
doing that and it's just gonna be like
not a vlogging day I promise on monday
everything will be back to normal yeah
anyways I'm gonna go I love you guys so
so so much thank you for watching
subscribe if you haven't and I will see
you guys later
