morning guys so it is currently 11 21
kinda had a little bit of a lazy morning
woke up and I finished editing my vlog
and then uploaded that I actually ended
up watching some of my old vlogs and it
was like memory lane like it was so
weird it was so crazy I only watched a
couple so I totally want to do that like
maybe tonight like just go through all
my old vlogs it's like a diary so weird
why am I talking about this right now
anyways I was going to get ready so I
figured I would start my day and say
hello to you guys and yeah so let's go
let's go not look like a fetus anymore
hi wash up everyone your new toy
someone's in the Easter spirit she got a
peep she just spoke up
stop being so good like we're here now
no like greenness there you go anonymous
Kara
speaking of mascara I've had so many
people asking me what mascara are you
I've been using the benefit they're real
that's all I use for my lashes like a
curl it before but they're not fake I
just use uses yeah seriously though I
have had so many questions asking what I
use for my lashes and this is what I
used one second hello yeah I'll be there
one second okay buddy
my daddy is visiting us today he was so
sweet and did a grocery run for us
because we really needed groceries so
he's here I'm going to help him bring
stuff in I look like a hobo I literally
look like such a hobo right now say hi
Daddy
bye daddy yeah we have food fun facts
strawberries are my favorite fruit and
the entire world look at our pathetic
fridge we need a grocery so that got
some chicken got some apples and
asparagus
well cucumber grapefruit honey we upset
yeah okay so I'm about the films a
before part of for like the cleaning
video that I talked about in yesterday's
vlog literally like I am being a hundred
percent honest this is what my room
looks like right now this is a hundred
percent what my room looks like right
now like I did not purposely make this
dirty for the video and look at this oh
my gosh doodie like everywhere clothes
everywhere like why why is there there's
just so much stuff 100 percent promise I
didn't even try to make this dirty you
guys Starbucks just replied to me on
Twitter I feel like that was one of my
life goals and it's been met now and I
am just so excited I am kind of
fangirling I'm not gonna lie by the way
if you're not following me on Twitter
you totally should be my handle is at
Mac maybe 11 see with my Instagram
anyways I tweeted out relatives any
special people in your life me the
Starbucks count and they replied with
the kiss emoji face gold man Gold's gold
school how was your walk babe did we
like it did we have fun oh she wants a
treat now please can Papa
trait wanna see Chloe's trick you know
you guys said that you like when I see
the time in blogs I'm so that's why I
figured I would see it a little bit more
I think it's so cool cuz when I watch
people's blogs they'll say the time and
I see the date and I rely like I think
of what I was doing during that time and
then it's buried to be like whoa they
were doing that when I was doing this
and I don't know like does that make
sense
um anyway so it's 4:33 even here for a
little bit editing and I wanted to talk
to you guys about the whole video
situation I've kind of been talking
about lately long story short I decided
to hold off on the spring cleaning video
I'm still planning on doing it I really
do want to do that video but I'm
actually gonna hold off on putting that
video up which means I'm actually just
gonna skip a week of uploading I really
hate saying that and I hate having to do
that currently right now I am editing
four videos which is crazy like normally
it's just like one out of time and that
doesn't even include daily vlogs and I
know that it doesn't seem like a lot of
work but honestly editing and uploading
vlogs takes me about two hours every
single day I'm Susan ambling so much
oh my gosh so long three shorts and
there won't be a video up this week I
really just don't want to put up a video
that I'm not proud of I am like the
biggest perfectionist that I know I
don't know I just want I want every
single video that I upload for me to be
extremely proud of and I want to like
have the best for you guys but to make
it even better next Friday we are all
uploading our huge epic Spring Break
collab that's currently what I'm editing
right now and I am I'm so excited for
this video you guys I honestly think
it's gonna be one of my favorite videos
then I've ever uploaded hopefully you
forgive me I am so sorry so here's just
some of the shots
and that's about when my hat fell off if
you saw my last look guys exciting news
currently I'm an Ashes master bathroom
what's currently I'm currently I'm at
Ashley's bedroom because the lighting is
so good in here I'm always in here
because lighting is good not my address
on there I got a bad gauge
I'm really excited for this okay so if
you've watched a few of my vlogs now
then you would know that my battery dies
so much with this vlog camera I mean if
you think about it it makes sense though
because you're vlogging like daily all
the footage together is usually about
like an hour or something which is a lot
so I ordered a spare battery so that way
when it dies I can like flip them out
one of the best things I ever did was
getting spare batteries for my DSLR
cameras like for my main channel there
really excited to have a spare battery
for the vlog camera because it dies all
the time
exciting exciting and Ashley and dad
brought me star ball today I got a
coffee with some soy milk and I'm gonna
add my own sweetener here we're gonna
see if it's good that way hahaha
my hands are always freezing so I'm
gonna take off that sleeve so I can just
hold hold be wonderfulness bum
so no 8:48
action went to the gym for a little bit
and I came home biggest update yet just
going to finish editing and get some
dinner because I haven't eaten dinner
yet yeah that's kinda late for dinner
now that I think about it but um you
guys like my shirt
I like big bows it's from cheer like
literally like three years ago I haven't
worn it in forever I was like oh my gosh
cheerleaders for life
I'm a retired cheerleader it's really
bad so I've been sitting here for the
past like two hours planning out video
and I'm pretty excited for what I came
up with hello honestly that I think it's
hilarious that I am currently editing
for videos I have eight videos that I'm
planning like you know working on like
writing down in my head and yet I still
have no video jokes this weekend's kind
of that anyways I think I'm going to go
take a shower because I smell pretty bad
like I can smell myself at so bad and
then go to bed so i'ma go do that right
now are you guys proud of me I totally
halfway cleaned my room ish they're
still kind of a huge huge pile over
there but that's okay we'll get there
tomorrow um but yeah I think I'm gonna
go to bed at kind of awakes but
hopefully I can go to bed so I can wake
up early tomorrow I'll see you guys
tomorrow and I love you all
