morning guys I have no idea what time it
is
uh 11 something obviously I am like not
ready whatsoever it now don't mind my
scrunchie or any of this going on I
don't know why but I have like the worst
headache right now like I just do not
feel well at all don't like it I don't
know what good I don't know what's wrong
I think like maybe my neck is out or
something
I don't know and it feels like
borderline migraine like I'm really
hoping it doesn't get worse I hope it
gets better
I just flash you sorry if I did but
robes make everything better because
it's just like a huge blanket and I am
in love I really haven't done too much
today I was editing and uploaded a vlog
although it's like currently processing
so it might be up right now but um yeah
and other than that I've just been
chilling here watching some YouTube
videos on TV seriously though like the
YouTube feature on my TV is like the
best thing to ever happen I use it like
every single day she's so awesome so
Chloe and I are just chillin chillin
chillin chillin I'm kind of weird and I
extremely hate taking like medicine or
anything like that if I absolutely don't
have to it's kind of weirding me out
at that point I'm trying to decide if I
want to take something or not because
obviously I want to get better but then
at the same time I'm like it's that bad
that can I just wait it out maybe it'll
feel better I don't know I'm sorry if
I'm not my normal self today but I'm
sure it'll get better although I will
say it it's probably kind of cool for
you guys to see that my life isn't
perfect 24/7 and I'm not always
extremely extremely happy 24/7 and life
happens and yeah today was supposed to
be so productive I was gonna get up
early and upload my vlog which I kinda
did I slept in a little bit and then by
now I should have been filming a lot and
then later tonight there is a movie
screening for the movie called the duck
if you guys have heard of that so Sierra
Eve and I were gonna go to that later
tonight come here oh you're so cute I'm
actually feeling it quite a bit better
I still like have a headache I don't
know why like it's really bugging me
honestly I just like chilled for a
couple hours on the cow
and then I got some food and that kind
of helps too so now I'm just drinking a
whole bunch of water like maybe I'm too
hydrated but I don't feel like I am
because I drink a lot of water but yet
so I just finished getting ready for the
most part I'm just gonna figure out what
I want to wear today
and I'm gonna meet up with Ava and we're
gonna head to LA should be fun should be
fun okay so I'm all ready now and I
figured I would give you guys an OOTD if
you would like that I know I always say
I'm gonna do like outfit of the days
every single day but I usually forget
so I remembered today so first of all my
hat is from Urban Outfitters I've gotten
a lot of questions on that recently
because I've been wearing it a lot
I got it recently right before playlist
live and it was from urban and honestly
I'm like really really loving it I think
it's totally worth the money I forget
how much it was I want to say like 40
dollars maybe 30 maybe a little cheaper
still worth it though especially you
have bad hair days you just put this
thing on and no one can tell it's pretty
awesome my battery is going to die no
I'm gonna charter now and then that's
cool and then my dress is from Urban
Outfitters as well and it's just this
really cute like open back kind of like
poorly track and I like it because it
spins when you twirl anyways and then my
shoes are from Nordstrom and I believe
they're dole Savita if you can see them
let's zoom in on those bad boys yes yes
boom of zooming in so that is what I am
wearing today and my battery is flashing
at me so I'm going to charge it cuz
Ava's gonna come here something that way
can charge as long the can before later
okay cool bye
I see you Sierra and guess who's here
also oh hi C is here oh honey this year
wait I'm hungry so let's eat any coffee
so bad we're gonna regret do that this
is what goes behind the scenes of an
Instagram b-t-dub
delicately placed hands make it look
natural more natural there's nothing
natural but you have to notice that the
numbers in there you have to get the
number number you have to purposely
right you have to purposely ask for the
number like no no we still have more
Instagram it is gone it's just like it's
not even see your got milk Paula so I
got a quesadilla because it's pretty
bomb and a honey vanilla okay
maybe got some some always so you're out
of milk and we're gonna get some fruit
right yeah so I am so sorry that you
have had hardly any clips today um it
was anyways like like almost midnight
I'm so tired I still have a headache but
luckily like it was way better than this
morning I don't know what that was about
Amos year and I went to go see a private
screening of the Duff and it was a
really cute movie I really like to end
the main character I'm not the main
character the main guy character oh my
gosh you guys he is so hot although I
heard he's engaged so that was kind of a
fail maybe has brother irrelevant
anyways anyways anyways it was really
good and that one of the Groves we were
there and then we kind of just came back
that's what we did I'm gonna admit it
with all of my heart I was a fail of a
vlogger today I'm so so so so sorry
definitely not enough clips for one vlog
so we're just gonna combine that and
yeah morning guys so today is what's a
Wednesday I think which is winter day
and I totally haven't talked about now
don't judge me okay
situated kind of been a little lazy PJ
day I think it's like what 12 something
right now Chloe look at the course you
stopped she was like just biting my toe
you want to play does someone more tupid
a toe is not your toe asshole
Chloe hmm bogum so um I got up and I had
my lazy morning like I normally do and I
edit the first part of this vlog and
then I realized like the others for sure
no way like it could be wonderful I mean
it was like five minutes
I'd much rather I don't know what are
you guys saying would you rather me
combine days so it's like a 10-15 minute
vlog or would you rather like basically
daily vlogs but they'll be like maybe
five minutes sometime I personally like
watching longer vlog so I assumed that
you guys would like that too and that
way I'm not like getting burnout doing
every every every single day
anyways let me know in the comments what
you think also I know there's a lot of
new studies to this channel recently so
hello welcome to as a vlog baby family
okay guys question I have a thought like
even though like my original username
for my main channel is Mac baby 11 and
then I switched it to Alicia Marie
should I switch the name of this channel
like - Alicia Marie vlogs or like Alicia
blogs or I don't know something like
that I feel like that's a little more me
I just came up with vlog maybe 11
because Mac maybe 11 and I remember at
the time I was like oh my gosh I'm so
original this is so cute but now I
really don't know I like I could I feel
like I could go either way I feel like I
would like Alicia vlogs or something of
that sort I don't know if you have any
recommendations let me know in the
comments and maybe I'll choose yours up
or if you guys want me to keep it vlog
baby 11 um let me know making gosh
alright the Lucia blogs I think Alicia
Fox is cool or like Alicia M vlogs or
like Alicia vlogs like I vlog i vlog
people I don't know I think I really
want to focus on my vlog channel a lot
more this year and really grow that so
that's why I feel like I'm like in that
like oh I should really decide now
before like it's you know you know I
mean you know what do you think oh she's
like it should be Chloe vlog or
khlomoney vlogs anyways we are finishing
up filming our apartment - ah ha ha ha
bt-dubs everyone and yesterday's vlog
was like oh what's ash Lee's channel
like no one knew that she has camp just
have a channel holla
you've been editing right happen come
over here come with me I'm gross space
duty desert to your room feel like part
a you looks up a I'm gonna send me gold
look quadri I got them - gasps I'm gonna
have her link in the downbar it's Ashley
Nicole or EXO miss Ashley Nicole
subscribe for subscribe and go follow
Chloe on Instagram yeah I'm Chloe Mae
she has what 25 King Arthur oh nice
catching up to me yeah so we're
finishing filming up that and that will
be up Friday I'm super excited
oh I'm gonna have more chocolate yeah
LLR from everything dark chocolate is
definitely like my guilty pleasure hey
let's do this ready are you gonna film
whoa
so we decided to go to Panera for lunch
because it sounds that really good
that's been like my thing lately I don't
know why like I love it we're gonna go
there and then we're both gonna bring
our laptop so we can get a little bit of
work done I need to do a thumbnail and
then do some emails yeah I should do
some school work so maybe we'll do that
I totally didn't even mind like redoing
my bun today but I put my hair up to
wash my face I literally just like left
it from that so we're just gonna go with
it you guys want to see an up switch of
us today because why not I wish we could
move this mirror to find like a place
with better lighting
maybe if I open the door more that kind
of helps but then I'm dark Murr Murr we
gotta fix this steal your mirror this is
a little better okay cool happen a bun
because I do not care my halter is from
brandy melville and it's like a really
thick sweater material which I really
like it's not like the super thin kind
and in my flannels from forever 21 it's
forever 21 its bird sunglasses are Ray
Bans
my pants are some Topshop which I got
the other day at the Grove you guys saw
that and then my boots are from Steve
Madden which I got a little not too long
ago you can see that told on wait for it
yeah oh I like literally DejaVu from
yesterday oh my gosh my hair always had
these stupid little baby hairs so that
is what I am wearing today oh yeah baby
now we got bad blood
I always come in Ash's room to like vlog
or take selfies because the lighting is
like perfection I'd be jealous
I'd be very jealous not gonna lie you
know I used to be mad but yeah I do have
a charger for a computer oh I'm like
retweeting and favoriting all your
tweets cuz I love you guys
did you see how many tweets oh my gosh
I'm following 2005 people I remember
forever ago I was like I want to hit
2008 I was a weird oh my gosh do you see
this do you see this
mur oh that was for the thumbnail
anyways anyways is there a way that you
can see how many favorites you've done
because I favorite so many things I want
you know what I bet it's not like on the
desktop version instead of mobile it's
usually these are like the comfiest
pants ever they don't even feel like
pants I'm ready I'm ready
her
about venir about I'm so hungry so
hungry my phone's about to die OOP but
not my camera cuz I charged it oh yes
you guys should totally follow me on
snapchat if you want to see all my snap
my user name is leta Liu 11 then earth
the grow me
oops used to them like kind of obsessive
snapchat mom like we were seven people
please look so calm
ok so I got the power chicken hummus
school and it looks like heaven
basically I'm so excited I'm so hungry
once you get Apple saw at one side best
my other favorite this is kind of DejaVu
because I was like just here the other
day and not even getting yeah seriously
you guys have to try this power chicken
humble I get double chicken for extra
protein it's so good so slow go I get it
every single time here like it's bad
it's becoming a really bad habit and
it's healthy for you so no complaining
there so I was gonna work on my
thumbnail for my video but I don't know
why did load all the way or something I
don't know what's going on so let's try
to fix that boom I just finished my
thumbnail for Friday's video I'm so
excited I'm really happy that I turned
you out I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna
lie so Friday
check it get excited get excited oh no
my phone died oh it's ok ok sigh my
computer earlier I was like we wonder
how many favorites I've done will since
my thumbs I was like oh we'll go on
Twitter on my computer oh my gosh I have
favorited 40-point 9003 ok like this
tweet overall sixteen point five kids
following two thousand people have 187 K
followers favorite forty I want that to
be fifty so bad fifty thousand is crazy
so if you're not already you should
totally follow me on Twitter because I
love Twitter I'm on it all the time go
do it
go do it baby yeah do you guys like I
knew a light setup you got so I'm not
pretty Susie estudia like cuz it's so
much brighter and it's like fluorescent
so it's not like a ugly yellow tone no
I've just been editing my apartment tour
and I'm super excited for this video to
go up the thumbnail looks really good
and yeah I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited um maybe you wanna one take a
picture yeah lighting is part okay so we
just took a Polaroid and it is
developing let's see if it looks good I
don't think I like it
I am such a fail I left my walk camera
at home yeah Brest RV years at the base
the base house that is bad but it's
hilarious because it's so true yeah we
are here and we are going to Bible study
which is out in LA so a little bit of a
drive I'm just like tired need pump
which is why we were here
and then we're gonna pick up teryn and
maybe get some dinner after I was
debating if I should blog on my phone or
just like skip vlogging for the night I
was like no like what if something cool
happen sorry you guys the phone
thank you you got skinny soy vanilla
latte but it's a grande in a venti Cup
reckless we'll take this way too far
it'll leave you breathless or with a
nasty scar I love when they have the
heart on the Cubs like why are you
something like that in summer is it
around Valentine's Day I love it like it
should always be like that someone tells
Starbucks it should always be lit that
way like that I cannot talk at all
I'm certain for this oh hey guys I was
great I almost went to do with seaside
in a wave in symptoms it was like oh hey
guys so we are now at Earth we are
getting dinner bable city was bombed
yeah I think I'm covering the mic sorry
if I am I was literally just here last
night like the tube all like used to you
saw that in this wall I was here same
place the hearth on Melrose shout-out to
you and I'm saving up the same thing I'm
so pathetic but change
Vidia when there's a vintage tortilla
and I decide homework so good actually
to get into infographic and again I got
them but strangely I'm from bread and
butter
