oh hello oh wait this is on the wrong
setting wait Britt hey guys what is up
it is abouts one one on the 11 no
definitely one 31 it is fine so I'm
sitting here with my coffee and you guys
I feel like I'm cheating on my big it
got Panera coffee this morning not
Starbucks yeah like can't we all just
take a moment real quick okay I'm over
it but anyways I'm Ashley brought me
some coffee this morning if Starbucks is
too strong for you definitely go to
Panera cuz they have a really good
hazelnut one so I definitely recommend
that anyone really good I was just about
to film an intro for today's video not
souza this week's video I was talking to
you okay let's look let's talk for a
second I would really love your guys's
help on what videos I should start doing
more about my channel or anything like
that I have like an epiphany the other
day I don't know I just lay definitely
want to like branch out a little more
with videos and stuff I still love like
my morning routines and DIYs and stuff
but I kind of missed like when the halls
were a thing or like just everyday
makeup routine or that kind of you know
so I really want to like just kind of
like think of more videos to do maybe if
that makes sense um you know you know I
feel like no really just beauty videos
anymore and I love beauty videos so
anyways if you guys could help me just
leave me some requests like maybe think
outside the box instead of just like a
morning routine obviously I still love
those videos I'm still gonna do those
videos but something that you would like
to see and I also really want to start
uploading a little more than once a week
like not necessarily twice a week but
like just a little more often you know
what I mean um so I'm really excited I
think it's gonna be really cool yeah
anyways right now I'm actually filming
an apartment tour today which is gonna
be exciting because you guys have really
been wanting to see this and I kind of
forgot about it like I'm gonna be
completely honest I just forgot about it
I thought it'd be perfect to film that
today and I love how I'm like totally in
my PJs like I don't even really care to
like I mean I care to get ready but I
don't care to like just all cute and
stuff especially for an apartment tour
like this is what I look like
99% of the time so immense well look
like how I normally look if that makes
sense how are you guys I feel like I
never asked you I don't see you guys so
tell me how you're doing what's new with
life what are you
what are your I don't know what are you
doing today but you guys should always
tell me stuff like that in the comments
because I read literally like every
single comment know that I'm seeing what
you're typing anyways can we talk about
my ponytail for a second - literally
like cheers throwback seriously reminds
me so much of like cheer days which I
miss so much like I'm not even kidding
if you didn't know I cheered like six
for seven years and I miss it so so much
so I'm definitely rocking the the cheer
pony today it could be a little higher
than I'm not gonna lie but we're not
gonna make it too crazy
anyways let's done this intro yeah yeah
but you guys right yeah the magical
noise playin shows that work that works
yes I'm sure ready hey guys hey guys hey
guys come in
what so Chloe Chloe get down from there
Chloe juicier club club wanted this
video so so much and I'm not gonna lie I
just kind of forgot about it
seriously that's a green so long to film
I'm like really hungry so yeah I am
extremely hungry now so let's cool down
the chocolate oh my god the other day we
had chocolate chips and I was looking
everywhere for them not even kidding
when I was like oh I bet Ashley like
threw him out
i legit was looking like in every
cabinet above the fridge like in places
like they wouldn't be able to print it
actually put that under a street I'm
just like chilling in the fridge like I
probably looked at them so many times
anyways I'm gonna get a snack sorry I'm
like eating chocolate and then I think
by then Ashley will be back so we can
start filming and yeah PS now is the
time to go to like Target and stuff and
go buy all your Valentine's Day candy
what is this oh my gosh I hope it was
not like that all time I think it's like
what 75% off or something like that is
intense that's crazy so I may have to go
there and get them so look at Ashley got
me oh oh my gosh okay so I was just
telling you guys how all the candies
like super cheap and she got this at
Target right my recommendation Hershey's
pot of gold premium collection it was
like on sale your faux bomb look hmm
vanilla caramel one
why did my gurgling boom okay Paul it's
so good it raised me something we don't
know close up so we're just chilling on
the counter cuz cuz I'm cool like that
no I'm honestly I'm in such a good mood
I'm having so much fun filming this
video like it's just so random and like
like I don't even care I'm just like
let's just do whatever oh you're having
so much fun so really I think I like
this but yeah he's just chillin chillin
here on the counter because that's what
you do when you move out and your
parents aren't here you can be like yo
mom although my mom is totally watching
this oh hi mom I'm being good I swear
bellies club Romanek khlomoney
your gangster name well Monday
oh this is so random I know I think it's
the door if you close the door I really
think it'll help yeah fo sho fo sho
we got a little more towards the kitchen
oh wait no move it more that way and
then let's just yeah so you can see and
then put it more down like up down so
you can see that I'm on here and now I
wanna be able to be like that posted
this on Instagram today throwback to
playlist with the base I seriously love
that photo so much like I don't know I
just I love anything like photos oh we
never went when we went to the movies
list yesterday we didn't go to the the
photo booth boo we were totally gonna do
that what's that next time next time
next time PS I haven't shown you guys
this but we got a new addition to the
furniture collection to cornice and
these are all from Target and seriously
I love it so so so so much holy Frick oh
the door was oh my oh my gosh she moved
it moved oh my gosh oh my gosh guys wait
my hair okay okay okay the door
literally has been open like the past
hour maybe like ish about not an hour
okay I may be like nope in about an hour
it's usually though like wide open a
lizard like two feet away like what if
it actually came in here oh my gosh I
would have died I do not like I hate
walking first of all hate spiders
biggest fear ever like hate them so much
lizards they just kind of grossed me out
although it's funny it's like when I was
little I used to like catch them and
play with them all the time I don't know
what happened my gosh do you remember
that one time I'm at mom and dad's when
a lizard got in there was a huge lizard
and I was by myself and I called my
sister's boyfriend at the time till I
come over now it didn't save me because
I was like filming is done enough for
today oh hold on my mouth oh my gosh you
guys it went so well I don't know like
this I need to be in this mood more
often I don't know what it is I think it
was cuz this video was just different
and it's funny cuz I was just telling
you guys I don't know a day just
reminded me of like when I first started
YouTube and it was just like a hobby and
stuff so I think that's really important
if you guys are ever like or if you're
even like starting YouTube or if you
have a channel or something it's so so
important to remember that like why you
started it you started it for a hobby so
like you should always it should always
be that way does that make any sense I
was a good reminder for me today though
I'm rambling so much
beep moment guys deep moment we're gonna
go to gym tonight and what am i doing
I'm kind of hungry there's some pizza I
could eat but I should be healthy but
let's be real I'm totally gonna have a
piece oh I could edit this Ashley you
should edit you have an editing day
right now let's do it let's do it let's
do it actually I want to read comments
for my vlog that I uploaded today who's
that
I caved our god special food stuff so
mom what should we uh what should we
title Chloe's Instagram what should we
call it she seriously like so perfectly
like position like it should be
something like would you something about
haters don't care about the haters or
anything like something like that she
has that like sassy look looking at the
haters like like that or posing for the
haters like so we are going to watch
diverse gender mockingjay or Hunger
Games what are we watching
we're gonna watch Hunger Games while
both of us edit because we both have
videos obviously just film today so
we're gonna watch that's while we both
edit and yeah Jem later tonight it's
chill day and I'm really liking it huh
and that is we need a bath hey guys
so updates time is now
it is 9:05 this is the gym and then we
came are the movement to Michael's and
got some stuff I'm cat needed some
things and I got a lanyard keychain
thing which I'm actually gonna put my
blog camera right now I feel like
everyone's getting this camera so I
wanted to be different and have this I'm
really really excited gonna put this on
I wanted to tell you guys is I'm really
excited thank you
and we're totally like loving ellie
goulding new song bt-dubs it's like you
can barely see it but it's so cute hi
baby
extra cute lately okay cat did you see
our new bling I did and it so cute oh
hey guys another I had my hand on the
pan so it is now almost midnight and I
am so tired
cat seed over for a while and we can I
have like I don't know we just like
chill we kind of had a mini like dance
party not really it was really fun
anyways I'm gonna say bye and I will see
you guys tomorrow
hopefully with another vlog and yeah I
love you guys so so so much again do not
forget to subscribe it's at subscribe
button down there if you want to see
more vlogs yeah why not anyways I'm
gonna go I'll see you guys later
ah
