morning guys so it is currently 11:50
something I don't know just do you even
like when I see the time I just realized
I see the time every single vlog like
every every single vlog is that
pointless let me know be a double 12 and
currently we are well first of all I
uploaded yesterday's vlog this morning
so that is up right now so if you guys
have not watched it you totally should
is clothing haul shopping adventures
with lb shy big surprise I uh I went
shopping cuz that's what I do who also
and you did see yesterday's vlog you
would snow you would know then I got a
whole bunch of makeup at Mac yeah go off
that vlog and I'm currently using a
three of the lip products today and I'm
in love you guys
so I have on the barely barely bear I
think that's what it was a lip liner
cream cup lipstick and angel lip gloss
oh my god you guys I don't know like for
some reason I've always been weird with
like lipstick like I know that I need it
to like like finish the whole look but I
get lazy a lot just recently I had this
huge epiphany of life wait I need to
like step up my like lift game you know
what I mean because like it makes a huge
difference so yeah that's what I'm
wearing today and also wearing the three
eyeshadows that I got and stuff but
anyway go watch that blog if you haven't
yet I can't tell if I like my bangs pin
fact or not Shh ash do you like him back
or do you like it better down really
okay good to know there's like a huge
knot don't be fooled I didn't do it
today you guys so I'm eating the boom at
chicka pop umm kettle corn guys know I
love popcorn but this is frosted sugar
cookie oh oh my gosh
I actually got at Target and it's mmm
nice whole bomb
it's like purple Charlie should bat for
you but go but we're doing 12 grams of
sugar it's not that bad 140 calories for
a wine 1/3 cup that's actually pretty
good pretty excited one gram of protein
move mmm
hmm whoa whoa okay so they're filming a
video that has a whole bunch of candy
and stuff and I am eating white kumara
I need real food I've been eating candy
and chocolate like all morning I was
just no badan say so I'm actually headed
to LA LA I said that's so weird I'm
actually having to all day really soon
because I have a meeting later
afterwards me and I are gonna meet up
for dinner and stuff um so I accept you
change if you were wondering I will show
you the outfits later although it's like
nothing special and I just touching up
my makeup and my hair is like so Gracie
up top I'm just baiting if I should just
wear a hat because it's kind of bad
maybe I can like salvage it with some
dry shampoo because dry ship you can do
wonderful things
does therapy ready boom dub terapy dry
shampoo it is the best it's four dollars
I've had like that not your mother's I
have the sexy hair one I've had
something really expensive ones I feel
like and to me this one is like way
better so you guys could totally try it
just like boom even if there isn't
greasy like if you just want to add
volume to your hair boom I mean come on
get this looking decent up in here 9 B's
lips which is really hard to do without
a mirror Justin hey you guys never
thought you do not close to me hahaha
boldly bear I forget if he said that
earlier this one is boldly bear if
you're wondering and taking some cream
cup what is this hair doing chilling
there that is how you get the lead a
sexy cow oh yeah what am i doing right
now I'm looking for a shirt okay need
some need some shoes need some shoes
total GameChanger
we decided to come um get some Instagram
pictures up I'm loving the shirt and
it's Wednesday so I have to enter them a
post of this today
wire wire smart
we're okay yes I gotta go get ready
playing tog refer photographer and
blogger at the scene
everyone
yes we are going to figure this out
right now one-handed once you ready go
boom
got some good yeah yay hi babe huh let's
edit this Instagram now help me figure
out which one I like the best kind of
overwhelming when you see like 20
million of you and yours like I don't
know which was the best that one's
really cute I like that one
yeah it's posted it's posted is it lame
to like my own picture probably yeah
holla it looks good
turned out good turned out good thanks
me a hell batch I need to have more like
full body pictures like that was my last
one and there's this you know I mean
like if I got too many selfies not
selfies just like up-close pics anyway
anyways I am going to change back into
my other shirt and then go because I'm
probably going to be late but really
story my life hey guys so I'm here with
Mia
we really that is craziness but yeah
anyways meeting like cool cool and then
I was like me now let's look at dinner
so we're here to grow yes yes yes and
it's so empty which is awesome it's
never empty people are going to
marmalade really good if you guys ever
come to the Grove you should go there
pretty bomb honestly cuz I thought and
she's kicked back to I think that's the
only photo no I was that time please
update we didn't go to marmalade after
all of that talk we're actually at what
was a single technology mixology is
above Dylan's Candy Bar which is right
downstairs yeah so we're trying it out
good about some water
talking about puppies Mia wants a puppy
look and this court what would you name
it Arthur
I love Arthur or Carl Carl no I love
random names like that oh my god
prettiness neo couldn't so we're
splitting some nachos because I really
wanted them last night and I didn't get
them and then Mia mentioned them and I
was like yeah haha I've been waiting for
this we gotta get a good bite
they're really good wait wait are we
doing the log section so I got a tricky
salad and the nachos referred to BOM as
you can tell and currently we're
planning out videos get excited guys
holla holla holla holla seriously though
get excited I'm so pumped for this video
honestly no idea when it's going up
probably a while but I'm what I am
encouraging you could I love blogs and I
love your blog so update we really want
to desert and we were like hey want to
go to earth and earlier we were saying
do you want to go to the Grove or do you
want to go to earth and then we were
like yo let's do both just kind of
joking but not really joking but kind of
joking coming to Earth for for dessert
no judgments
should we come everyone tell me if she
should blog more blog more blackboard oh
we should cross let's cross
there's so many cars I was like I'm
gonna die on this road
you know what people do that people do
do that this is the restaurant against
stare
there's a range over right there there's
a Cadillac in front of it and at one
time we pull up like it's the curb
looking okay what do we want
I always get this and it's so long
that's what I usually get
you're so stupid okay everyone's okay
what do we want I'm really yeah I'm
gonna get maybe going on okay so we got
a B in a chocolate cake which is so bomb
I preferred over the regular chocolate
cake I'm not vegan whatsoever but I
loved it so good is that what that is a
honey vanilla latte it's a leave side we
only like it is a little not up to par I
am supported as I was it tastes good you
know definitely not instagram-worthy
though yeah he's a nut cake
hey guys so I totally owe sorry this
things like annoy so I totally almost
forgot it in this vlog no like no so
Chloe and I rare for she is doing there
we're gonna go to bed and I'll see you
guys most likely tomorrow and yeah I
love you all
