hey guys what is up and welcome back to
the vlog I'm currently just chilling
my Egg Chair wearing some of my Black
Friday new finds freaking obsessed with
this hoodie anyways so if you guys
remember a few weeks ago ash and I went
to at New York and the reason why was
because we were going to the Nickelodeon
halo Awards that was the reasonably wait
I wanted us to come so they flew us out
to New York and then ashlynn that ended
up just extending our to stay and
staying for a longer time but I have a
secret vlog for you guys that you have
not seen never-before-seen vlog that
you're about to see right now so yeah I
just wanted to enjoy it because it was
from a while ago I was keeping it super
top secret until it aired but you guys
can see behind the scenes like what it's
like it was so it was it was really
really see I just want to do a quick
little intro for that to kind of explain
it but yeah
enjoy the vlog
where are we
we're in New York but where are we
headed Ashley in breakfast we're getting
some coffee I'm so hungry
I mean there's gonna be a wait but I'm
really excited good morning guys in a
what is up and welcome to today's vlog
what time is it oh my god you always
like to follow exactly update literally
was hoping like wake up early but that
obviously like completely did not have I
blame the time change that's all a Bosch
they're currently about to get some
lunch slash run I'm really excited I
don't think you guys are gonna see this
vlog for a while but I'm excited because
we're going to the Nickelodeon Halo
Awards tonight so I think I've to wait
till about Aires to show you this I have
to double check on that but yes but I'm
so excited so I'm gonna give you like a
day in our life of like getting ready
for it going to it facing behind the
scenes of it first we need some coffee
because I'm so tired I'm very hungry
yay I honestly love New York agree agree
I guess I should put my feet down in
case people want a spitter so we made it
to two hands cafe I think I'm gonna get
wrong side lead oh wow I think I'm gonna
get the avocado chose with the latte
that sounds so good also if you remember
this me and I came here when we were in
New York so we got some avocado toast
it looks so but it came really good too
I also got a almond milk Watson Ashlee's
very excited like really loud too if you
guys
but yeah we're going to keep it's not up
to you guys
currently headed to get eight blow out
just because we got we all look good
okay thank you we are getting a blow out
thank you thank you hello we are back
from dry bar we are back from getting a
blow out guys is my first time getting a
blow out without my extensions and it
felt so good she was just like
scratching my head and I was like please
all stop it felt so good I just had it
blow dried straight yeah our hotel is so
freaking cute I want to show you guys so
it's kind of messy because um you know
we got suitcases and stuff that looks
like this it's so cute it has this
little like couch it looks like an
actual apartment it actually looks like
an apartment
then there's table we just got some food
we got some pokeballs not to either
about to eat the axe and then the bed is
right here and the TV and look at this
like I don't know it's just the bed is
so cool it's just in its own little
little thing right here it's so cute in
the TV and then the view I always be
like it's like not a bad view it's just
not like a cool view you can kind of
Loki spy on their people but that's not
cool but yeah so that is everything and
literally feels like we just ate but in
reality that was that was a while ago
yeah yeah so we actually have to hurry
up and eat because Ashley and I are
going to the Nickelodeon halo Awards
which I'm so excited for there's a lot
of really good artists performing hey
violet they're performing hoodie and I
love that song like it's not even that
popular yet but like it's so good I love
it and I got the okay to vlog which is
like really cool cuz normally can't vlog
certain things like award shows and
stuff you know D I don't know like
there's like it's weird sometimes but
yeah so I can vlog and I'm excited to
take you guys alone we actually have
like an hour so we need to leave and I
stopped do my makeup so I'm gonna eat
really quick do my makeup you got this
I'm about to do my makeup so freaking
fast I think we have to leave in less
than an hour so that's a thing a
Shannara literally just sitting on the
bed to get that natural light though so
we can our makeup guys
literally is everything Oh PS I like
your hair ash got her Harry died along
good I love God like the Braille God
he's so pretty
Oh boom makeup is done I'm like really
liking it today he went to Sephora last
night so I got a new lip gloss lipstick
and lip glass but I'm fully loving so
the lipstick is Marc Jacobs sonic truth
looks like this and then the lip gloss
is sugar sugar lip gloss so Marc Jacob I
think I have this I don't know I might I
don't know but that's what I'm wearing
we are currently headed to wait for it
or currently headed to Phoenix in Halo
Awards oh yes we are
okay no yeah
article that
we are currently on at the carpet the
orange department so far Ashley's doing
her favorite oh my god so we just got to
it so loud can you hear me so we just
got to the Nickelodeon
telex is gonna be here hey viola it's
good here I'm so excited to watch them
perform a buddy can you guys even hear
me I really heard but I'll show you guys
what it looks like it's so yeah yeah
sweet it's so cute in here with all the
lights and stuff the halo award
kelly clarkson just performed and yeah
i'm excited oh so much going on
violet is about Street
