morning guys helping fetus but that's
okay I was actually like gonna wait for
my makeup to vlog I'm not gonna lie but
then we got breakfast and I wanted to
show you my breakfast because I'm so
excited for food I was so hungry I'm
really hungry anyways if you did not see
yesterday's vlog we are currently in
Orlando for playlist live it's a huge
YouTube convention so super are not just
YouTube I got there's minor so it's just
a huge internet convince anyways um
slept in cuz I went to bed to Hooper
late last night you should definitely
watch that vlog because a lot happens in
the course of that vlog like a lots
happened the fact that I'm actually
moving the table over here just so you
guys can have good lighting whatever
like oh snap oh snap oh snap oh snap
so I got an egg white spinach
measurements me up online
then we got some oatmeal and a side of
fruit oh wait uploaded yesterday's vlog
this morning that's only productive
thing I've done I woke up to me and
jumping on my face things like wait up
updates I'm here on a bus and we were
getting ready yeah because we should get
ready I guess you know - oh yeah it's
you
why is 149 so that's what's going on
right now oh my gosh it is so funny we
are both doing our eyebrows and I was
about to turn to her and be like you
have to get the Anastasia brow Wiz in
this and wait this is literally what I
see like we both have this same thing
what's the same brush - I was like you
have to get this Oh awkward and I'm not
gonna lie I literally tried on like ten
outfits today trying to figure out
what's a word today and tomorrow I think
we got it figured out we will show you
each all singing we shall see you want
to take a whole which pictures yeah you
might even come with Jillian yeah cuz I
never take pictures of you like in Syria
today yeah I need full body I never ever
have like full body pictures for
Instagram yeah so I miss hearing Josh
your hair yeah yeah go ahead seer never
in the big dress so I had changed so
what it's okay
I gotta kind of figure it out but timing
this complete work okay
are we ready
tell me what your channel is it's all
about okay what kind of videos yes
Oh fun fun upload okay so even I are now
in my room wherever she went there she
is like a darkish okay so you are
chilling out here on the balcony cuz
it's so pretty right now like look at
this view
no okay look at the colored are
literally like perfect look at the
sunset oh my gosh I know I feel like I'd
never see a sunset just the way that
like my apartment is so like I'm like in
heaven right now like dude look at that
picture photo kresteva
series piercing how it's so funny how
like you get one good picture but like
the rest of them are like literally
horrible I guess we just went back to
the hotel room and we ended up taking
each other so me don't be such and it's
getting darker like later in the day oh
my god we spent a long time getting
ready and like it was funny because you
we were getting ready for any initial
stages like before the be like poufiness
we're gonna yes food please I am so
hungry
yeah the boots up oh oh yeah that's
usually what happens when I need a
thumbnail for my blog all the dough just
sit there like put was like five
different times that I like find the one
frame that looks really good
I'm gonna drive us to the your your nail
the talent
oh my gosh what do you like most excited
for morning guys
so today - a playlist and which is off
to an interesting start say leise woke
up late have a meet up literally in 14
minutes what you have today is meet-up
day and we are on our way
extremely late and we are going I just
ran a TLC and I was like
subscribe to me I do it done
yes hey guys so it's so long I would
watch though we haven't meet up it was
created with awesome and then I went
back to the room ends up for like an
hour overslept and I'm gonna go up
literally ran out in like five minutes
with Starbucks because it's Starbucks
and I need coffee so bad you guys we are
here now at University videos Orlando
they closed the entire park just tries
to enjoy it like look at this but that's
pretty legit I just I have to say so
what they're playing with their game
plan guys let's see it Harry Potter's
open oh my gosh I'm so excited I've
never been here I'm walking and bringing
it yeah that really cool so good really
climb a mag
much bird it's pretty much
dude this scared me taking a picture of
us taking a picture legit thought that
was a real person I'm not kidding I
freaked out like it I don't like it I do
not like it which is like my all-time
favorite yeah wait yes let's see the
long evolution this is so scary I don't
like they do not like this
minion so are some we oh my gosh the
purple oh my gosh yeah oh my gosh it's
so cute in here
did you find it was look at oh my gosh
so we're on the harry power train and
i'm not comfy
okay so we literally have like a meant
to you through to the buses otherwise we
have to get like attack do something
home parts the hotel okay I still have
to take time it's actually in match day
we got really last night everyone is
gone except snakes and I literally I
think worthy of all these people here
but we have each other but yeah so we
are having a fun party by ourselves we
were like yo let's go to CVS and get
some Lucky Charms
because you guys hit me and lucky charms
like no other I literally look like a
hobart never we bought for some out real
act yourself on purpose because we gave
up looking for the keys because i don't
know have you ever heard of those and
seriously mostly just pop up with
everything says follow them yeah we can
turn the key but we'll just get in your
desk or whatever so it's venture time oh
and today honestly we really didn't do
too much we slept in like i didn't
really bother vlogging because I knew it
would be boring adventure times food
woot okay so we are at CVS getting some
stuff what do you need yeah I mean
definitely yeah fingers are we in the
pool yeah I don't I'm tired
like roughly but most random things ever
and really full and heat vegetables and
I don't need that so I was like ten
eight socks socks complete I'm about to
go get some Lucky Charms
thank you bye Nana hopefully they're
here
they are here yes so excited what woody
melt city melted up quick Reza wait I
found Z this is literally perfect yeah
what's your favorite candy really dude
good to know
dub dark chocolate is amazing I kind of
not like candy candy though so overp
Laila is like Meg Ava and Sierra died
all had a steak we're like we had a call
to each other when we couldn't find each
other if I'm here in CVS we can't buy
Meg on two dudes like ready for this
money but like no judgment do not judge
me tonight guys you're not doing me yeah
no judgment no judgment in the Mack baby
family CBS Avengers check the chart or
whatever have you guys had these madigan
are they worth it with paradise make
blueberry strawberry acai pomegranate
I'm bragging Hey look where you want me
you look so tall there you're standing
out you have to be standing on something
I think I have this on a box they
probably right now you guys know this is
like my favorite cereal I'm not even
kidding
whoa one taxi ride and an uber driver
bend a little weight and a CVS trip
later I'm bad what I guess we got
doughnuts
we got lifesavers we got like charm
we got no so I'm back in my hotel room
I believe midnight-ish about 12:30 right
now as you can see um and surprisingly
I'm actually not that tired
anyways I was actually gonna finish
editing this is vlog that you are
currently watching right now it's mostly
done but I just wanted to say bye I hope
you like to these past two blogs at
playlist live they were super fun and it
was such a fun trip and I loved meeting
you guys and just being Adam it's just
so so fun so hopefully I'll see you guys
at the next event whether it's beautycon
or VidCon or anything like that so I
will see you guys super super super
super super soon and a lot of you who I
met over this weekend some that you
really like my vlogs so I got super
exciting but anyways I will see you guys
there bye
