hey guys so today is Monday fundo I
guess I like Mondays I don't know I'm
just really slow on Mondays I feel like
every single Monday it takes me forever
to get ready and it takes me forever to
wake up and I do not like it but it's
okay because coffee makes everything
better and it's pretty good
very much so so I am so sorry that there
wasn't a vlog yesterday saw my last vlog
at the end of it I explained how I was
going to a wedding and I was basically
busy like all day with homework and that
so it was really just like not vlog
worthy whatsoever no don't say but it is
okay because I am back and we are
vlogging and things are good yeah I'm
finishing and getting ready right now I
did my makeup I got dressed and now I
just have to finish my hair so that is
what we are doing I think we're gonna go
with some like wavy curls or just I
don't know we'll see we'll see
focus on me this is why I never wear
stripes because stress get distorted on
camera and you see this ooh but this is
one of the shirts that I got shopping at
Fashion Island the other day I have my
Brady Melville it's like a really
awesome lon
tease your dresses and then I'll know
you can see over here but I got some
black shorts like lace and then it's
like baseball Marie t-shirts from
Nordstrom and the other top is from
bring the middle
speaking of hauls I've had a lot of
requests doing lately and you guys know
me I'm like always shopping and I always
have new stuff to show I feel like
there's a lot of people who don't like
hauls so that's why I like I haven't
been uploading that many recently but
maybe spring is like a good reason to
Grambling I always you're both Murr
young get some music up in here
Sunstone my battery's gonna die story
mine so I'm gonna go charge about my
finishing baby haha okay guys so after
naira filling right now on this next
week's video which I'm really excited
about so in one of the scenes I'm
actually gonna be vlogging I'm not sure
if it's actually gonna be in there all
have to see like when I'm editing if it
makes sense and stuff but I figured I
might as well actually record for you
guys but you would be really confused if
I didn't understand what's going on so
yeah so we're going so we're done and I
honestly should be doing homework right
now I'm just like in the process of
studying and stuff but then I'm not
hungry
I'm like wait I'm gonna blog today yeah
anyways have you guys been why does it
have to do homework I mean that's what I
want to know like what is the point of
homework you just food do school then
you have homework and it's just like hey
we're done filming I feel so productive
although in fact I like there was a lot
more we could have done but I feel
productive with what we have which is
good
Chloe are we having a great fun walk on
ass going to make a wish much of my wish
be
goodbye wish come true please make well
money can you walk with it can you walk
with us hello thank you can't walk Oh
ash can you do an OCD for me sure we'll
do right here in my last vlog I forgot
to show you guys my outfit of the day
and a lot of you were mad so here we go
are you ready of TD time are you ready
first of all we do something for the
thumbnail first of all Khloe's bows
she's rocking the blue bows today I have
you anyway so my shirt I'm it okay every
month my shirt is like a t-shirt dress
which I mentioned earlier it's from
brandy melville and I got it recently at
Fashion Island when we went shopping the
other day and my shoes are fun no Steve
Madden Steven I was I'm like all the
time now kind of in love my pants are
from American Eagle yo hello so yeah
that's what I'm wearing today okay so
long story short we were gonna film an
outfit for another video and we ended up
talking kind of too much about it I
guess and then I even changed I even
totally changed we decided not to go now
so yeah that just happened anyways I'm
gonna reheat my coffee from this morning
because I don't want to waste it and I
would love some more coffee I like
hardly even drink it and I think I'm
just gonna start editing cuz I have a
lot of everything to do and yeah so
that's possible
am I waiting for my heart still pretty
can I miss you even my my gosh you guys
you guys long time no talking over here
aim is now and we're legit having the
best dance session / um like throwback
song time literally go on before
Twitter's because there's been some
funny videos just hate you
everyone Paris is the cutest cat ever
she's a musky do you agree seriously so
cute look at the little mouths oh hey
can we go to bed mama I'm so tired this
girl thing
yeah it's like what 1:00 a.m. ish kind
of late I should go to bed
let me go exactly I hoped you guys liked
that uh singing oh and we got coffee Oh
in my last vlog literally every was like
you didn't get Starbucks but I was like
I know it was crazy
I did get Starbucks today and it was
quite heavenly okay so I just got home
and I'm gonna get ready for bed and go
to bed because I am extremely tired I'm
really really hoping to wake up somewhat
early tomorrow and edit this vlog and
just have a productive day so pray for
me guys really really hoping that that's
I haven't that happened get anyways I'm
gonna say bye now I love you guys so so
so so much and I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe if
you have not already and yeah love you
guys bye
