hey guys so um what's up are you today
is Monday and it is what time is it
Ashley it is 11:40 so yeah what did I do
this morning I watched some YouTube
videos after I woke up because that's
what I do every single morning and then
I've honestly just been planning out
this week's video which I'm really
really excited about I think it's gonna
turn out really well so that's actually
what we're filming today and yeah
figured I would just blog because you
guys really like my blog which is
awesome and yeah so let's uh let's do
this so we've suddenly seen about
sleeping in which I'm totally fine with
I could I could sit here for a while no
come here come give me milk huh I can
love you went to the groomers the other
day do you like her little bend Donna Oh
Valentine's Day theme so a few time
we're not at Starbucks and we're working
on a video just super exciting and I'm
actually filming me filming you know I'm
actually filming me vlogging so this is
kind of operated weird yeah so we're
just working on some schoolwork as you
can see
hakuna
let's do like a flip down so they can
see me I were just sitting here I'm on
Twitter currently right now and I'm
gonna give a scenario and a copy really
sad
and oh I thought I was eleven eleven is
fully 111 thank you
yes speaking of Twitter for not falling
down there you totally should be yeah oh
my gosh were most at 200 Paulo follow
you everyone's like what are you doing
but you get
I gots a iced coffee with soy milk I've
come my thing lately and it's so so good
you have all the shots we kind of just
got me like studying and doing homework
here and I think we're just gonna get me
like walking in the door and then where
should we should have been
yes so at first I actually started like
typing stuff that went with who I wrote
this is my midterm for like I do last
night
so then I was actually trying to like
type to make it look like it was going
with what was going on here but then
towards the end I'm just like
gibberish yeah I'm like I'm happy with
this and I think this video will turn
out crazy over Tuesday I hate how I
never know what day it is during the
week it always takes me like a couple
seconds to figure it out
that's kind of my life though I'm not
gonna lie I am currently getting ready
what kind of like just finished getting
ready um yeah exciting that works okay
that is hot oh it ain't totally burn
myself on my curling iron today which
kind of sucked
Oh boys I have my coffee and I felt like
such a hipster because I have in this
little mason jar and stuff I feel the
trendy trying to decide if I should wear
this belts today I feel like it would
add a lot to my outfit it kind of like
makes it look more poofy which I don't
like beef mmm mmm let's try this let's
try this mm-hmm yeah okay belts or no
belts this like this top is weird though
like it kind of like blows out like that
but without the belt I feel like it
needs something is that I think that
looks okay right it's kind of poufy but
that's okay we're gonna go with it hey
khlo did you just wake up from my nap I
know you
hey what up what up what up dude okay my
hair is like so voluminous today right
now it's about 12 at 53 ashley gets out
of class at 1:00 and we have a couple
things to film I think I'm just going to
edit the clips that I have right now
let's be productive right so yeah this
video is going to be up Friday the vi vi
vi that's kind of hard to say so I'm
trying to get this done early because
that's actually the day that I leave for
playlist live Orlando just so exciting I
had so much fun at the tri-state one
back in November so I am so excited to
go to Orlando we're having a huge Meetup
I'm gonna meet some
of you like it's just so much fun and
we're filming super excited yeah yeah
yeah all those kind of dorks back there
so today I have a very exciting video
for you and that would be my school of
routine where you guys after never
actually on our way to the nail salon
because like I said earlier I really
needed to get mine done and there was
time when both of us were like hey we
can both go together and I'm also gonna
get a pedicure because just I'm going
through and favorite teen okay guys it's
tweet because I actually am kind of like
favoriting obsessed I think you guys
noticed like I seriously favorite so
many things
okay so the last clip that I believe you
saw we were going to the nail salon and
then I left my camera actually Ashley's
car all night so that's why I like I
just didn't reveal ogz but anyways day
number three for this vlog a big shocker
I got my usual signature white nails I
guess you could say focus focus focus
I always just get acrylics that are kind
of like pointed a little bit and then on
top just white gel polish Sun I do and
right now it is 12
I cannot read that I'm going blind you
guys I think I really am going blind
like I melt 11228 12:20 I had a
productive morning I was super excited I
actually went and did all of my homework
at Starbucks these are exponentially
this morning yeah like 7:30 and did all
my homework for like two hours
I want to make sure like I'm ahead
because everything is due Sunday like
most of you guys know so I just didn't
want to have to worry about school this
weekend and I was really sad because
yesterday's or what we filmed yesterday
like the talking part of everything did
not turn out like good I mean like it
turned out good like talking wise but
the lighting just like kept bugging like
I just did not look good it was too dark
my perfectionism was really bad like at
its finest I just I was like Ashley
let's resolve it because I'm gonna go
crazy I'm a little bit stressed I'm not
gonna lie because I did not plan for
that there was actually a benefit party
tonight that I was gonna go to but I
might have to pass if I don't get all of
my filming guns alright now we're
actually going to refill in the intro I
was actually gonna change into like
cuter clothes and I was like you know
what this is like school routine and my
school routine is definitely come to
close for the win
so I've been using purple shampoo for
like the ends of my hair so the blonde
doesn't get all brassy and stuff and I
guess I didn't take it all out last
night and my scalp is literally purple I
washed my hair like normal I mean you
know I washed my hair you can see it
definitely right there it's kind of like
great-looking start by not and we are
filming Chloe isn't so much trouble
right now she's on shoulder rest okay
like I was ready she climbed up on my
chair then onto my desk to lick my plate
which I had up there she knows you know
what you did babies you know she's like
I'm do it again
your hair looks long nice top that's
mine nice cup that's mine
this is Emma it's a pretty bamboo guess
what Isis did by just I mean like an
hour ago I ordered one dozen gourmet
chocolate covered strawberries to be
delivered to this apartment on
Valentine's Day I'm not gonna lie every
single year I've always wanted those and
this year was like no one's gonna get
them for me so I'm also ordering myself
seriously those are like I would say
like my favorite dessert if not top two
but I can't even think available I would
seems like my favorite dessert chocolate
covered strawberries is just like heaven
to me like seriously my favorite so I
ordered some because there's no shame
single life and chocolates better than
guys anyways right so yeah i shamelessly
did that so these are the old clips that
I like really didn't like I just thought
like it was too dark in the background
and stuff and these are the new ones I
feel like the colors just look better
but they're not even like completely
color corrected so I am pretty excited
about that honestly you guys probably
don't even like tell difference but
seriously like it was bugging me so much
just because I knew I was like I do not
like these clips anyways let's finish
editing editing I hate that word editing
editing editing I do not know how to say
it so I guess who I'm talking to right
now
it's Nikki Gabi I miss you guys you
super exciting things happening and
we're like literally like proud moms
right now because we're like showing
each other our puppies and we're like in
love super proud mamas yeah so we're
planning something a pretty exciting
which I won't say too much about video
oh yeah guess what video we're planning
oh my gosh you guys so it's now 10 14
and I'm sorry short niki and gabi and i
were skyping and Gabby had to leave
after like an hour or so but Nikki and I
kept talking for like four more hours so
basically we were skyping for five hours
it's like I did not expect I honestly
thought we were just gonna Skype for
like 30 minutes maybe an hour just
talking about some exciting things but
coming up we talked for so long and my
eyes like hurt from staring at my screen
so much I'm like so tired so anyways I
just wanted to kind of update you guys
but I'm going to do it go to bed
actually gonna finish editing a little
bit but that's not really that
interesting so anyways I'm going to go
to bed after that and yeah I'm just
gonna say goodbye now I love you guys so
so so much sorry my momma texts me I'll
see you guys it's super soon with
another vlog I love you guys bye those a
weird way to us such an awkward way
