I need lipstick hey guys what is that so
today is Friday and it is Shh I'm so
blind you guys I don't even know what's
going on ten is it really time for teeth
oh look at that and today is Friday
which is super exciting because if you
follow me on Twitter which if you're not
you totally should be in here man who
will my hair I don't even know what this
is I've been tweeting all week I've been
snap chatting that I'm uploading today
my apartment tour so I'm really excited
for that it'll already be up by the time
you're watching this video so if you
haven't seen it yet then you should
totally go to my channel go watch it I
had so much fun filming it and yeah let
me know what you think do you like it do
not maybe so I don't know India so
anyways we have a lot of errands to do
Ashley actually just left with Chloe she
was on her way to the groomers because
it's been a while and she was really
dirty she needed a bath really yeah
normally we just do it ourselves but
it'd have been a while so it was time
definitely time for her to go I sadly
have to get new tires for my car today
which is going to suck so much it's
gonna be so expensive but it's one of
those things that you like have to do so
that kind of sucks but it's okay cuz
Henry aka my car will have new shoes um
so I'm sure he's excited yes my car's
name is Henry anyways I don't really
bother getting too ready today like my
hair wasn't like a wet fun last night I
just like blotted out the wall my car's
getting worked on I'm gonna go to
Starbucks and plan out today's video
because we're filling today I don't
really know exactly what we're filming
it I have a couple options so I can have
to figure out what we want to do after
that we're gonna film I'm uploading
which already mentioned and then later
tonight there's actually a party that
Ava and I were gonna go to it's like
some Oscar thing I'm not I'm not sure I
just got the invite and I was like yo
are you going and she texts me and was
like hey are you going or like let's go
we'll see we'll see anyways I'm going to
start heading out I think I am ready Oh
outfit of the day after the day sorry
it's kind of dark I really need to find
a new setup for the whole like mirror
outfit of the day like daily thing
basically my jacket is from Urban
Outfitters I love it it's like a leather
jacket and I seriously I love it so much
and then my shirt is from a Nordstrom
it's the one that I showed kind of
recently where like the back is open I
really wasn't feeling like consciously
having to think about my back like if my
bra shoe or something so she's like I'm
gonna put on a jacket and my pan
or from American Eagle there the
sky-high jeggings and I really like them
because they're like just very
form-fitting and we're wearing at the
brown booties which I wear all the time
which are from Nordstrom cha oh let's
boot it oh right so great
ken ray whoa cha super random but
everyone always wants to know what kind
of car I have haha he is a Nissan Sentra
you're wondering yeah Coolio
let's do this oh my gosh literally the
other day is it so fair see we were
driving in D like apartment conflict and
I totally just like straight up hit the
curb don't even know why I've never done
that in my life I just I guess I just
was not paying attention and Ashley was
with me and I totally just like ran
right into the curb I was just like I do
not know what just happened
luckily luckily no one was behind us
because that would have been even more
embarrassing like no one really saw yeah
definitely happened like right there
kind of embarrassing
tell me your life in other words the
song sharpen your knife Panera and star
bees my life our lives
why
honestly got a ticket it's okay at least
you know it was your fault you know it's
not like like it wasn't your fault and
you got a second like there was your
 don't be on your phone like we
didn't know there's sandwich game has
like stepped it up like no other does
not so good
yeah okay so while I wait for my car
we're gonna work on like planning out
videos and stuff like I mentioned
earlier and I realized it's like
lunchtime I'm like really hungry people
are totally staring at me right now I'm
logging so guess who we are just two
empanada and I totally told I got the
same thing I've had like the past three
days or anything no no no we weren't
here yesterday we're here the day before
right so I got high up Howard you can
help us book so Bob then afterwards I
got a skinny so I vanilla latte from
Starbucks and that's gonna be heaven oh
but I got a grande but in a venti Cup
like that's my thing it doesn't spill
when you're like driving or when you're
walking or whatever yes ugly move that
move that and Ashley got the same I got
her lunch because you know she's having
such a hard day I want a bite of yours
yours up so bomb actually just won a
prett
throw bomb what a queer come to close
now Paula it where's my coffee you guys
I'm like the coffee finally hit me
actually can probably tell I've been
talking like non-stop in the past like
hour no no how are like 30 minute or
this morning this morning I wasn't I was
like but honestly I'm like that all the
time like in the morning because I don't
like morning mornings are bad guys
Starbucks was awesome I told you how I
asked like I always ask for a grande but
in a venti cub but he basically filled
it up the whole a nosh like you were
awesome dude I don't know your name but
God for Jim he does I seen him at the
mall and every time we go to Starbucks
really the morning he's there and he's
cute he's perfect he's too short you
guys would make beautiful babies
no you guys he's short he's your age how
do you know he's probably your age
Ashley he's your edge she's cute you're
there for me screams too short pier me
air for I need like a baseball player
funky like with the bags and silver
heels
what am I talking about right now oh I
don't know oh the guy the guy Starbucks
yeah he filled it up so it's like I got
a venti today exciting hummingbird guys
come back that was my call I'm gonna
name you what's your name
I'm gonna name you berkel the name
chooses at first I can't change it now
Arkell hierarchal you're such a cute
little one oh you're so pretty
hi tell all your family to come to Buble
all your bird friends this is the cool
party place honestly like sometimes it
hits mean I'm like our neighbors
probably think we're crazy like the
conversations that we have sometimes we
are again today I couldn't see that full
of bags but like chillin yeah burned by
it okay so now I did izl table tennis it
is 153 actually went to go pick up Chloe
cuz they called and said she is done
from her grooming appointment so they
should be home any minute
soon actually I were filming a little
bit and then she left so then I decided
to export my video and start uploading
it to my apartment tour but you guys
have been waiting so patiently for
look Oh
model shy oh my gosh so cute oh my gosh
oh my gosh Chloe why are you so cute hi
khlo you just get your hair done you
want treat you a treat oh here we go
here we go yeah you guys I cannot handle
this cuteness right now I be she likes
when you rub her chest like oh why do
you look so cute
she's entire look at her little bow bow
bow and a little snail like not even a
suit she's like yeah I got the life I
got something yes you uploaded her
apartment - ever
her apartment - er we're gonna film
finished filming cuz I don't know if you
can see we got a little filming this
going on right here you guys know what
it means when these boys come up school
video although I will say I actually do
think I need glasses the next time I go
the eye doctor because like I can't see
things far away it's hard to read things
far away has never been a problem and I
blame YouTube because I'm on the
computer like all the time we'll get
there when we get there hello so updates
time what time is it it is 8:30 now and
I'm currently getting ready for that
party damaged earlier not gonna lie I
was definitely debating canceling so I
was like tonight just feels like a
freaking Netflix Pizza and PJ's type of
night but it was like I'll regret not
going no I'm currently getting ready um
my hair's like just whatever I literally
just stood up in a pony I was like maybe
it'll look like fashion if I just try to
make it look like it was supposed to be
like need some masca so we're gonna do
that was totally too lazy to like review
all my makeup so
kind of doesn't look that good cool it's
cool can you tell different rule number
one of sizing up a ponytail you need one
of these bad boys okay
teasing comb brush did you just tease it
a little bit make it all poofy and
runway glamorous and then it looks like
you purposely wanted it that way like oh
dang girl you work in that ponytail then
after you do your fluff up here you like
lightly brush up the ends down here and
a boom you have a supposed to look like
this ponytail even though it totally was
a fail no I have to do is like fluff up
here but not down there and it just
looks like put you BAM I wanted it to
look like this oh and you guys pray if
you really want to spice it up you take
a piece of your hair wrap it around the
ponytail so you don't see the ponytail
no am I too lazy to do that hey you know
maybe not and boom see it's right there
cool are we ready okay I think we
decided on this so do you guys want ot n
for an outfit of the night maybe so we
got the pony which I gave you guys that
amazing tutorial on my top is from Urban
Outfitters I've shown it recently also
we're on Valentine's Day if you guys saw
that vlog my skirt is from forever 21 is
just like a fake leather skirt honestly
I've had this group for so long I've
worn it so so many times it's like $20
and I wear it all the time and then I'm
just wearing some black strappy heels
which are from just fab you and I think
I'm gonna wear this jacket with it if it
gets chilly we shall see we shall see
honestly I don't know why I get invited
to stuff like this I feel like people
think I'm cool in reality I'm like I'm
not cool I just make random videos on
YouTube honestly I think the majority of
youtubers feel that way though each time
like we get invited to really cool
things so um I am back um obviously I
just took off my makeup so that's why my
face is like extra extra red friend
normally but it's like extra extra I
don't I just don't win this party was
cool definitely was not vlog worthy
anyways I hope that you guys liked the
chair better than them Wow anyways I
you guys like today's vlog I'm super
excited to edit and upload this tomorrow
because there was no Vaught today but I
uploaded my apartment tour today so I
felt like that kind of like evened out
you know it was that uploaded something
yeah anyways I will see you guys it's
super super soon and I love you all oh
yeah bye
