hey guys oh my gosh it's been so long I
actually have a good excuse if that
makes it any better actually left my
vlog camera with my parents like in
their car so they had it for like over a
week so I was like can you please come
down here so I can get I came and
visited yesterday um and they Keith me
my black camera bags which is so
exciting because I really have missed
vlogs so much I know you guys have been
like asking me where how many vlogs been
in stuff Saturday it hit me
wait you could use your phone total fail
so I'm trying to think of what's been
new I mean I feel like it's just the
usual oh oh I went to the Golden Globes
which is super exciting and I told you
guys I was doing some really cool
blogging and stuff and I did however
it's on Access Hollywood Facebook so I'm
gonna have the link in the downbar if
you guys want to go watch that it was
really fun it was really cool I didn't
vlog my strawberry 17 and then I'm when
Zoe's row which was super exciting I
should totally check those out
so I uploaded my fitness routine which
it was really exciting because I worked
extra hard in that video and I'm like
really really extra proud of it I think
is really important when you're a
youtuber like you should definitely be
proud of what you're putting up I'm just
like a crazy perfectionist so what I'm
proud of something and that really means
a lot you guys would be so proud of me
right now
it is 8:38 a.m. holla this is a big deal
you guys know that that's a big deal for
me because I normally sleep in really
late and I don't like that I want to be
a morning person I'm gonna change
everything about me to be a morning
person like I really want that to happen
so yeah we're actually here at Starbucks
we brought a computers and some homework
and we're just going to try to get some
work done just like get something done
that's why I wanted to wake up early and
do this and I would like this just kind
of become like a routine I don't know
why but I just I freaking love being
productive like there's something about
it that I'm just it just makes me really
happy and also since it's early please
do not mind defeatist miss that is me
I'm not gonna lie I even have the
thought like hey you should probably put
on some makeup because you're gonna be
vlogging there's like whoa no no okay I
really say like I'm looking at the
screen right now I really don't like how
like okay I have red skin yes I really
do and I will admit that however the
camera like makes it look 10 times worse
than it really is used to have a setting
on my camera like vivid to make all the
colors like more brightens
but that made my skin look a hundred
times worse so I actually took off that
setting just because it looks so bad
anyways let's go be productive yeah yeah
let's be protoss did let's be productive
yes can we say yes like times a million
oh yes this is like crash did you hear
them say that she's like yeah oh can I
say I really missed the holiday coat
like they look so pretty
no I should have brought my um my a mug
I would have got a discount too we both
want to try this this new one it'd be
good have you tried it let me know yeah
okay so we're currently outside it was
like really nice I was farting earlier
once it uptight
so be proud of me I just finished a
homework assignment I want to share with
you guys my latest obsession yesterday I
went to Target and I bought a whole
bunch of washi tape and stuff because
I've been so into like my planner it's
like unbelievable because no I'm I'm
like very disorganized this one is
actually just from Target but basically
like you kind of like scrapbook like all
of your pages and stuff I'm not done
with this one seriously so excited so so
excited one of my new year's I guess you
can say resolutions was to like be more
like organized and stuff I'm like trying
to actually make an effort for this to
happen what helps me is like color and
like having it just making it fun if
it's like fun to decorate my agenda then
I'll actually like check it daily you
know to mean and it helps honestly like
so far it's helping me so much so I
highly recommend it yesterday I went to
Target I got like stickers and tape and
all this fun stuff and I'm just so
excited now I have a coffee pretty
excited I set up a new beard accent yeah
I think I put too much TV enough well
too much sweetener what this lighting is
so not cute like a look at my hair
currently in Walmart
I've been dying so yeah shoes it's a
makeup on and do my hair and stuff so I
so yeah she and I are currently filming
we're actually kind of in the middle of
a break as you could call it I've been
letting you down on my vlogs lately Yury
get into vlogging and stuff it's really
hard to remember to vlog it sounds like
it's not but like I promise you it is
sorry if today's vlogs like kind of like
not that good I don't know we'll see
here is my makeup today I've actually
really been loving the covergirl
three-in-one foundation like I used to
use that and then recently I went back
to it and I feel like it's just like
it's perfect for my skin right now
here's the babe
aka my pillow pet aka Walden if you did
not know Walden um he is he's my bag
like I said you should totally be in
today's video Bouldin I would agree so
yeah I'm pretty excited for this video
I'm not gonna show too much on it
because I'm legit that excited oh my
gosh you guys have to see this for it
now oh don't move the babies why are we
moving she was like sleeping on it and
it was so cute we went to it the
groomers the other day and we got all
pretty and clean and we actually had two
of these I'm but the other one quickly
was gone how cute is nah I won't get lip
gloss all over your fur I love you I
love you I love you I love yo seriously
though how legit are my socks I'm kind
of I kind of love them kind of income
because now because I love my comfy
clothes
I don't wanna need the problem like
other people I feel like they're always
looking cute 24/7 and I'm like
do you do that because I would so much
rather just clothes anyways anyways I
just checked my channel and at my video
my fitness routine which I uploaded on
Sunday no no no Saturday I'm today's
Monday already has three hundred and one
thousand views I feel like I'm kind of
mind blown about that I don't know like
I cannot process that many people like
that's crazy dude our max baby family is
growing and is like the best family can
I just say that bees are awesome that is
stillage it like but what I'm excited
anyways I were working on there's
something right now which I'm really
excited about and I I think I'm just
gonna give you guys a sneak peek like
baby sneak peek okay ready ready was it
like I think honestly I don't even know
if that was in frame so yeah I actually
tweeted this morning how I was like I
came up with such a cool idea and I
really hope it works out and that would
be for this video so you guys like to
see what what time is it
it's 1:26 and I've done so much to it
it's just it's awesome anyways okay yeah
it's now 4:12 we were literally filming
for over four hours like straight and it
was epic and awesome
I really hope tomorrow and Wednesday are
like this you guys because I could
really use that just like that I just I
love it is this how most people feel
during the day yeah if you didn't notice
already I did change again one got like
the third time today the answer right
now I'm actually just going over as a
footage and I'm really really liking
what I'm seeing
so update had dinner and we have been
watching friends a couple episodes of
friends big news we finally finally
finally made an Instagram account for
Chloe there's an official Chloe
Instagram there's always been fan pages
and stuff which literally like I love
them I follow as many as I can because
seriously it makes my heart so happy so
we decided to make the official one so
still keep following the fan pages an
official official one is it's me Chloe
may stop what you're doing right now
stop what are you doing stop and follow
it's Chloe may on Instagram I don't want
to go to the gym oh I posted this one I
posted that one yeah we stopped to post
like a million more but that's okay
I made an Instagram and it would mean a
lot
you guys followed me it is it's me Chloe
Bay but you follow me there and I will
give all of your photos a pas so
currently I'm going to Michaels we
actually which the gym and we are
honestly only there for like 30 minutes
30 minutes is better than no minutes I
need some stuff for my video to film
tomorrow you're like hey let's just go
tonight so we're going to Michael's
looking like a like whatever I am look
all right what are we getting oh we're
getting a scrapbook like a scrapbook
thing I don't know I'm free I'm really
hoping that no way okay so we got a
whole bunch of like scrapbook you type
stuff only took me forever to decide
what I wanted can I only one when I come
to Michael's this part the going online
always gets me because there's so many
awesome candies that are just calling my
name
I'm Mary Mary that good yes work just
work Ashley are we such two sisters
waiting for zone to screen Georgia
someone is watching this right now
anything like what are they do I've got
the cards like moving like most epic
dragon bird oh wait wait God okay do you
understand that God as I showed you guys
earlier I'm obsessed my planner so I got
more washi tape so I can decorate it and
so excited I really needed like the Fed
kind so I got this one which looks super
cute it's flowers and polka dots that
was way too fast what was that again
I got some washi tape and these like
photo frame things so it looks like a
Polaroid but it's not then I got this
smash book which is going to use in
trows a video pretty excited yeah
Michael saw Michael saw but what what
yeah seriously so cute seriously it's so
cute so cute update this is my hundredth
of vlog that's pretty crazy that's like
kind of awesome not gonna lie we should
have a mini party right now whoo yeah
and if any of you guys have actually
watched all 100 videos internet
high-five for you because you are
awesome you like the sound effects right
there so yeah I hope that you guys
enjoyed it today's vlog hopefully I'll
see you guys
super super soon ah okay bye guys
