good morning guys I was like a fetus so
don't mind that but it's okay because
it's Christmas Eve which is like our
Christmas I don't know if you guys knew
this I mentioned it kind of like once or
twice before but Ashley's birthday is
actually on Christmas as long as I can
remember we've always had the tradition
of having like our Christmas on
Christmas Eve how can we open presents
and then on Christmas day it's just
Ashley's birthday so it's like party
Ashley's birthday makes them fun
tradition in all family the parents are
here they hi family
hi Merry Christmas where's club club
Monday Oh baby come say hi baby look at
that tail so we bout to open up present
oh my gosh
excited ah yes I so excited yes so
excited yeah I thought that so glad yeah
so I have Walden with me and wearing my
onesie and wearing my uggs and ah
I always wanted a rose and I am I got
you'll are you so sure you what you got
a sweater daddy Wow it's perfect
Wow city fitted dad my daddy be styling
this is from Lita
hey welcome oh dang mama I like it I
always need new journals oh those are
beautiful
thanks hon you're welcome Oh clothes
chillin Waymire oh this is from Lita oh
yeah you're welcome
Ashley got B oh happy day ready here we
go
mon Dieu for to love you more than okay
our favorite Fonzie place right next to
us closed down so we've been having like
a crisis about it I could draw like no
we can go buy banana yeah
oh now it's a heated Sherpa plush foot
warmer you guys know I have my foot
problem thank you I may use it when I
edit deals the window
yeah
yes they made an agreement to knock at
each other Christmas presents and donate
to a homeless organization he got or
something open that one open that one
that's from me I hope you like it got me
Perth and I love this surprise from Leda
ah no you can all go we going we're
going to you thank you hey guys Oh
present time is over it was so much fun
I love Christmas it's not even just like
getting stuff we get so excited to get
each other presents it's kind of
ridiculous
as you guys probably saw so I got a
little bit ready and we are filming whoa
I'm not going to lie that's definitely
one of the pluses to like our tradition
of opening presents on Christmas Eve I
can actually like take my time and enjoy
opening presents my family and then I
can fill my what I got for Christmas
video today and then tomorrow I can
upload it and still like enjoy Christmas
which is exciting you're definitely
gonna see my what I got for Christmas
video up that's because like I already
had my Christmas so does that makes it
we still gonna like enjoy it just as
much as everyone else mom and dad left
to go to the mall to get my mom's watch
side so I got my onesie on with my
Huggies and the Santa hat Paula and we
have a special guest in this videos
Chloe Chloe oh look at her a little
longer
hi my gosh are you gonna make an
appearance in my videos and our a PJs
together
this was her Christmas present are you
ready to start next door Merry Christmas
ahh I love Christmas I love all the
holidays I love every flick ha ha these
videos are hands-down my favorite videos
in the entire universe
there's so much mass coolness to
happiness and cheerfulness okay so
filming is done I like I could mm-hmm
yeah oh my gosh yeah so now I am
currently back in my robe and my
slippers I have no plans to leave today
do we have any plans
oh no I'm search tonight dang I mean to
have to change Merc anyways this is
right now I'm currently editing and
Ash's met to leave me the parents are
getting Chipotle for his halwa but I
want to talk to you guys about why I
have been gone from this vlog channel I
tweeted the other day like hey sorry but
the village blogs are not gonna be a
long story short I ended up going to
Sacramento for three days two days just
one two and a half days point is one of
our really good friends is a boyfriend
he's actually been battling bright bezel
to the little you cannot talk today he's
actually been battling a brain cancer
for the past year a little over a year
and he recently passed away so we went
up for the funeral and just to be with
her and comfort her and just kind of
show love and stuff I just did not feel
like it was appropriate to be vlogging I
personally did not know him obviously
was still a really sad thing I did long
story short
obviously like being there for our
friend was more important to me than
vlogging so it should be so that's why I
was gone but what's so awesome is
knowing that like you guys were so
supportive I didn't even give you like
details I just tweeted out that like hey
like something came up so just pray for
her family and for her and stuff but I
have a surprise for you that will
probably be up soon to make up for all
the missed vlogs so yeah I'm kind of
excited for that okay here is what I
think the thumbnail is going to be focus
focus okay oh my face bug folks focus
all methey stop okay cool so I gave you
guys a little sneak peek on Twitter
saying that I'm uploading tomorrow and I
mentioned that there's a little present
up end for you guys
speaking of if you are not following me
on Twitter you totally should be there
is my info yo yeah
so with these parents are they
target right now because we had to get
actually stuff or birthday in the
morning streamers and balloons and what
still we got that which is exciting so
Chloe and I are chilling huh oh yes we
is pretty late and it's pretty late like
11:00 something I am currently watching
that I'm too much Oh which is probably
probably little odd so I'm sorry about
that so I just now finished editing my
what I got for Christmas video so that
will be up in the morning which I'm so
excited for you guys to see really like
guys like it I'm back in my unbelievably
compeer oh man Oh - fun oh yes so I am
getting ready to worship bed so I want
to end the vlog tomorrow is Christmas
it's your birthday Ashley are you so
excited
E oh yeah I hope you guys like this
video and I'll see you guys later bye
