hey guys so today is Thursday and I have
a lot to do yeah basically it's about
ten but I've actually been up since 7:30
had breakfast noted all that fun stuff
and then I just started editing a vlog
and that was my last one so if you saw
that it was like three days in one and I
think I was a little extra slow because
it was so early and stuff but it just
went live right now so that's exciting I
have so so much to do today I'm sorry
it's kind of dark I would open this but
I'm actually leaving oh I guess I could
open that I'm actually leaving it right
now to go to the mall which opens at
10:00 so it's perfect timing
I have to get so much stuff for playlist
live like I don't know what I'm wearing
at all I'm kind of you know not
stressing I want to see stressing cause
I don't really stress over that kind of
stuff in 24 hours I will be on a plane
to Orlando and I just don't know what
I'm wearing at all this weekend so I'm
gonna hopefully go find some stuff also
don't mind my hair I literally didn't do
it I didn't even put dry shampoo in it
I'm just I was like whatever the first
stop let's go to mall and hopefully we
can find some stuff I'm a changeable
changing change oh so we are on our way
to the mall I ended up putting my hair
because I like could not handle it it
was just like it was too much for me
well I'm trying to think of like what I
want to wear like what do I want to wear
a dress do I want to wear like I don't
know I really do not know every single
like trip or event that I go on I swear
the day of or the day before is when I'm
like going shopping getting my nails
done
I'm always up so late editing trying to
get my video done for that week because
there's always a video that needs to be
up then I'm packing and most the time I
beg Ashley to help she's like really
really good at it I don't know like if
it does seems weird but she's like so
good at packing and like organizing and
cleaning and all that kind of stuff and
always like Ashley please help me pack
because I'm like all over the place like
no other seriously like cuz it just
opened no one is here at all so I'm a
pretty excited about that and yeah
I'm a super super cute pod top and a lot
of kids can't set about these at all
they're cute I'm not sure they're kind
of expensive though so I'm like I don't
think it's worth it
we'll see we'll see guys I am so
indecisive today I employ a stock of it
so good I'm seriously so indecisive sick
I'm buying like everything from every
single store because I don't know what
to get and I have nothing that goes
together I'm just like buying everything
in it so that my gosh you guys I bought
so much as I talking to girls that Steve
Madden like the longest time like trying
to figure out now for this weekend
they're helping me so much
so shadows you guys if you're watching
this because you're talking about you
season seven it's really fun I got a
whole bunch of random stuff I have no
ideas I'm going to go together and
probably get injured returning most of
it cuz like realistically like I don't
need all this stuff you know it's really
awkward walking by yourself when ash is
here I don't care like a people looks
but wouldn't by myself like people
therapy and I'm like don't look I'm just
blogging oh my gosh like so yeah we're
going home now
kind of bought the entire mall oh my
gosh
so much also PS do not mind at my
extremely messy room it's kind of really
really bad I will show you guys kind of
like a mini quick haul but I am
extremely hungry right now so I'm going
to get some lunch first okay so do you
guys want to see what I got at the mall
I'm really hoping that some of this
stuff works out because if not I might
as well just go overturn it all but like
I said I like I couldn't decide on
anything and all that all the workers
were actually laughing at me because I
literally had so much stuff in every
single store I got more likes do you
want a dressing room and of course I
hate trying stuff on I was like no I'm
good but there's like girl this girl she
needs some help like you are a hot mess
so yeah anyways let me like set
everything else that way it goes kind of
quicker oh my gosh seriously so much
stuff okay well I'm just gonna like
gonna start over here
so I went Steve Madden and I got these
shoes knife at first I saw these boots
because they're having like a really
good boot sale I was not planning on
getting them but they're having a boot
sale so it was like okay those are
adorable like I tried them on and I
loved them so I got them and then I got
these sandals for possibly my meetup on
Sunday and then over here we have Urban
Outfitters so I got this brown hat which
I thought was so cute and in this like
blue crop top thing which is super cute
this grey skirt and
another like light blue crop top I
definitely see like an outfit ish kind
of happening over here with like those
shoes and stuff and then you can't
really see this sorry I got this dress
which is like a super cute just like
spring floral type of dress I got that
from urban as well as this just like
casual tank top then I found this skirt
at guess and it is seriously so cute it
was kind of expensive I am not gonna lie
so I might wear that we shall see we
shall see and then at Nordstrom I just
got this plain white t-shirt because I
needed a new one and this really cute
let's see if you can see it do this this
is so much better why didn't I do this
earlier okay anyway so then I got this
like light blue tank top which is so
cute in the back is like open which I
thought was really cute so I got that
and then I saw this flannel at Topshop
and it was just like the ultimate
perfect flannel I've ever seen it's
literally everything you want in an
oversized flannel so definitely look
there if you guys are looking for one
also here's the dress from earlier you
couldn't really see it at all but it's
so cute because the back is like mega
crisscross like if you can see it you
totally can't see it that's okay here
but I just don't know at all what I'm
wearing yeh it was so funny because I
was actually sending pictures of
everything to my sister and to Ava and
being like help me I don't know what to
wear so thank you guys for helping me
because you don't you definitely did
help so uh so yeah I totally forgot to
show you I got another they're real
mascara from benefit because I've been
using this lately I've been loving this
mascara that's what I use every single
day making some kettle corn I think uh
mmm yeah oh by the way I totally changed
put my hair up so this side up for how
long
so while that's going I actually went
I'm cubox today and I'm reading a whole
inch of your guys's letters and stuff
and you guys are seriously so sweet and
I even followed some of you guys on
Twitter so haha I'm super excited
also huge shout out to Charmaine pretty
sure it's Charmaine Duloc I hoped I said
that wreck we actually met last year oh
my gosh I was a long time ago last year
at a Neutrogena event I was on Twitter
and I mentioned that I was like really
into planners and stuff she was like oh
my gosh I didn't know you were into that
I'm gonna send you like a little package
and stuff um so I got it today and
seriously there's the cutest stuff
there's a like Valentine's Day stickers
just so cute and these little like um
clothespin things oh my gosh and some
tape and
just sticky notes and and I'm pretty
sure she made these little paper clips
which I am like so excited to use
because they're seriously adorable so
here is her channel you guys should
totally go subscribe because like it's
my guilty pleasure to like binge watch
all her videos I'm not even kidding look
they're like mini bags like they're
seriously so cute ready first Nikki
and me
okay so I'm taking a break from editing
so I can start packing for tomorrow yeah
I figured it'd be nice to actually pack
a little before it's like completely
dark okay so we are officially packing
for playlist and and I still have no
idea what I'm really wearing so these
are the shoes that I've been bringing
I'm still gonna probably bring like a
pair of tennis shoes or something and
then most of this is the stuff that I
bought today um but I still need to get
a couple more stuff I have my jackets
back there the Hat flannel some crop
tops and skirt options
I'm literally all over the place okay so
make first things first is I should do
some laundry because I think like all of
my clothes are dirty so we should do
that although I will say I am getting
pretty excited hey guys
update time it is now ten thirty eight a
blog camera battery actually died so
that was charging and then I went to the
gym right now I'm actually working on my
boys over for my video so I'm really
excited to get it done but a good mood
like a good voiceover mood because I'm
not messing up too much like I feel like
they're all like pretty good I like bald
looks like let's close Ashley's door so
much better anyways I thought I'd show
you guys little behind the scenes of
voiceovers I'm gonna mess up like a
bajillion times so then after like an
hour or so I tend to want to
procrastinate and I'll just check
Twitter and Instagram and YouTube and
basically every other social medias
always time but like that's just how it
is and then I'll also vlog because you
guys know I'm always loving my daily
vlogs on my second channel so you should
check those out I was not okay no not
okay i jinxed it after like an hour or
so the like queen of procrastination
just kind of comes out of out at me out
of me and we're packing yay yeah yeah
yeah I think we're doing really good
guys like I'm excited because my video
is like I'm pretty sure it's done I'm
gonna watch it again in a little bit
just to make sure that everything is
like completely done that's done wait
earlier than I thought like it's not
even midnight which is really excited
hacking is going at super smooth I'm
just waiting for some stuff to get out
of the laundry um and yeah and Ashley's
be the best sister in the entire world
and helping me so much no I'm not even
kidding
like I vlogged about it earlier cat
isn't that supporter ever no I belonged
about it earlier that uh and I always
have you pack for me because you're like
the best Packer and I suck at cracking I
want to be good at packing wait till
like midnight start packing to the next
day I know but like whatever oh my god
like Hello you should come with me oh I
would love for you to come with me we
could have a meet-up together everyone
will want a picture with you they
probably want more pictures with you
than me okay I don't put I wouldn't
blame I would not blame them I take more
pictures of her but yeah anyways and it
was anyways we have the like necessities
over here aka my laptop because I'm
going to be editing this vlog the one
you are currently watching right now on
my flight so we're gonna do that that's
important as well as a charger phone
charger vlog charger I tend to lose this
so it's good to have that and my
headphones because that way I won't
annoy everyone sitting around me with my
voice talking in blogs that's not that
cool okay guys so we're about to start
our playlist adventure it is currently
4:50 a.m. let's do this Oh
so before we headed today are probably
to make a quick stop and that is to
earth cafe actually never been here for
breakfast but
excited especially because I really need
coffee right now amber Cammack 8 my
phone is on backwards in inside out I
hope you didn't pose as a new is new
Trent you guys you guys just totally
where where's butters like that leave
your like hey we should just ride
together cuz I said oh this is so bomb
why have I never had breakfast is here
before oh my gosh it's really loud I did
not think it would look this amazing
I'm kind of excited I got a spinach
omelette then a honey vanilla latte
which look Evan
this is Ashley shamelessly okay
I think you win it smells so good
breakfast is okay
so major updates needed forget the last
that you saw I think it was at first
yeah I think is better I made the
mistake of being like always just eat
here because long story short I miss 20
to life like was really funny because
you're driving through cuz I'm going to
do like a she's driving it with the bag
I'm chillin net kid feet look like seems
like like a wall you're not gonna make a
place much like I was like oh my gosh
I'm not going to make me fun I was so
funny it literally hit me so hard to
house on the next one well apparently
there wasn't another direct one so we're
here in Dallas and we're on standby for
a flight and it was too full so now we
have to wait an hour ish for the next
fight which is the last flight to
Orlando tonight and it's extremely full
and he's the guys like oh yeah I don't
know if you guys are going to make it
also speaking of Ava was on a different
airline so we just drove together to the
airport and then I actually met up with
me and her boyfriend because we all have
the same flight to Orlando but it was
funny as we all miss it like like we're
supposed happened to miss it
Mia so this is your plebeian artificial
we'll get there when we get there it's
really really hoping we don't have to
like say tonight out here and then we
don't count this next like that was one
really bad but good news I actually put
my video live so you can watch my school
routine I've been talking about so much
in the past little vlog to make me feel
better of course
like on the day with me because I could
just become pretty I'm actually really
tired
I got like hardly any sleep last night
they'd wake up super early welcome
aboard for basically no reason but it's
just about a plane coming here so that
was nice I slept like the entire flight
so it was pretty awesome
hopefully the next time I see you we
will be in Orlando or at least on our
way something we're not really into but
we did get on and despite that we wanted
like we were waiting by stamp I am
really really the last people they
luckily called all three of us so we
ever thought I was going to get
separated and they'd have to liquidate
an item of explanation why aren't you on
the place the question why aren't we on
the leg apparently we're like in the
taxi being like waiting to take off the
lights turn green so like the taxi
bandana you know the lights are
flickering and and then
apparently the battery dies so the plain
battery dies and we're sitting there
like okay we have to charge it so we sit
there for like what 20 minutes half an
hour so loosen up an hour it was in the
moment oh my gosh we should never count
blocks my shirt they had to come back to
recharge it for a second time and then
they tell us that we have to get out of
the plane and they need us get a whole
new battery so I'm kind of scared you on
the same plane I'm hoping that they just
put us on a whole different plane but
good bad things but overall good news
because I mean I don't know about you
guys but I would much rather find out
that a battery is dead when you're not
in the air for the guys in the area so
we'll probably get into Orlando at like
midnight but that's okay
hey guys so guess where we are I am so
excited to finally be here we are in
Orlando we're at our hotel and we have
everything straightened out and it's
just wonderful it is 12:45 we should
have been here at like to just adapt and
but pleasant surprise we ended up with a
suite so thank you playlist like so big
and and roomy and the superest fastest
or you'll ever see
wait this is the walkway the bigger
walkway the bay the bathroom the living
room and the bedroom this is a little
like closet dealio it's like a whole
circle you can literally just run around
in circles me everything yeah this is
good lighting but lighting it's great
here is my airplane OOTD
bt-dubs if you're wondering we are
ordering the food because I've hardly
eaten all day I'm really hungry
hey guys plea oh I feel like oh it's
only 12 53 that was total fail it's
definitely 1253 back at home my computer
just has not updated yet since about
4:00 a.m. oh my gosh oh I see but I
bought feel like I've been up 24 hours
but I have not because the timing fits
well um we're chilling and going to go
to bed but I wanted to finish editing
this vlog but I need to end this vlog
first so that's what I'm doing right
here and I will see you guys hopefully
soon I'm really sure I'll probably
combine both days of playlist together
for one vlog yeah so anyways I'll see
you guys soon and
our man
