hey guys so right now it is about 12
o'clock I got ready for midday which it
was kind of exciting because normally
it's like 1 or 2 and I'm just now
getting ready so it's good that means
we're you know you know but yeah so you
know this morning I'm just been getting
ready and I edited mostly yesterday's
vlog so it's gonna be up today I'm super
excited honestly honestly even though it
was only two days of missing vlogmas
I missed it so much like you guys don't
even know well you probably do know cuz
you missed them just as much but yeah so
I'm so sorry about that again gotta get
back into that vlogging game and stuff
so I'm excited to be vlogging again
I like how I act like I've been gone for
like six months and I'm just like yeah
cool hike hello are you what are we
doing just chillin what are you doing
mm-hmm you were so cute so yeah I was
just going over it to make sure
everything is good and stuff I stopped
to export it and do all that fun stuff
make the thumbnail upload so that still
is a little bit so yeah yeah and I was
totally uploaded right now but I'm
actually running out the door I'm eating
some friends for lunch so yeah I'm
probably not gonna vlog um but yeah
that's what's going on if you're
wondering where I will be do you guys
want an outfit of the day
sorry I'm fighting sex but my jacket is
this like navy blue kind of quilted
jacket I guess and it's by the brand
sanctuary I think's wearing this
long-sleeve white top that's from
forever 21 I'm wearing at my Nordstrom
leggings and my target booties and then
I'm wearing at my target booties because
I love them and I wear them just about
every single thing Club club you are so
cute on that China yeah they're a shabby
work
Oh tired so update so update time um
seven it's not I have a Benihana
certificate this month mmm
no yo yo what's up room we just watch
Pretty Little Liars the Christmas
special I know I'm really behind on that
but um good I'm comfy in my blanket and
I don't want to go to the gym right now
basically oh look at that Lighting's
what I better over here yeah I am
extremely comfy and my pink blanket well
that was cute new a Shahi beat gun go to
gym or we could go to Benihana
low blood money Club Monaco minute don't
tell him don't tell where are you there
you are boy come here babies oh yes come
here come here they hide to the youtubes
hey why you so sappy um so yeah love me
someone spoiled mom i boiled is boiled I
think you are I mean look at that face
hey guys so I am here currently eating a
snack I'm having some Greek yogurt and
it's been a bum furball with some
blueberries and some honey it is
perfection so actually I with the gym
and then we came back real oven full
there then I was sitting here and I
remembered that I have a secret awards
card from the crew secret to use and I
believe they expire tomorrow the 19th
yes Ana expires tomorrow so basically I
have a free $10 gift card to spend I
mean what else what else do you need you
know that alone was enough of a reason
to get me to shop online
so I'm trying figure out what I should
get my name well Monday see her I think
I'm going to get this shirt but the one
in this color so I don't know if you
guys can even tell what that looks like
right now make it really pretty like
lilac purple color and you know what's
funny purple is like my color yet I only
have one maybe two things and that color
like a light purple like it just goes
really well my skin tone stuff why don't
I have that color but is that worth $29
that's real question
it looks very comfy I think it is one
but we are getting it let's check the
clearance I'm all about the clearance
and sales hey guys update still right
now is 1209 Danny hey coming out later
than I thought
right now I actually just finished
editing the majority of today's vlog the
vlog that you were watching right now so
in the morning I'm just gonna add this
clip in and then I can upload it pretty
sure ash and I are gonna do yoga in the
morning if I can get out of bed that's
the real challenge honestly and if I do
that then I wanted to have my vlog up
early so say hey I'm also just edit it
tonight so yeah I watch is the thumbnail
in the morning and then
export it and stuff but yeah I got ready
for bed already to shower and whatnot
and I think i'ma go to bed I hope that
you guys like today's vlogmas i will see
you tomorrow and yeah
love you guys bye
