hello everybody and welcome back to
today's vlog the L og Flocka Jays an
exciting vlog ashley wise and exciting
but it's it's Black Friday this year is
going to be T most epic Black Friday
haul ever so pumped I'm ready I've been
waiting for this I really want coffee
first we got to do that we're meeting up
with Jean Marie we're gonna go shopping
it's gonna be us hold Terrence you
should meet us not sure she's gonna but
told her she should so guys guys guys
this year I'm saying it we're going hard
here's the thing I feel like I'm being
really obnoxious I didn't have an ABS
over all the help let's do it and do a
sh let's do it go
select Friday 2017 let's do this
ash let's get one for our back I'm not
kidding okay doc
what if they're gone we need one how
much are they I'm not even kidding
Black Friday tip number one you have to
start with coffee always let's get our
coffee on I see Starbucks I guarantee
the line is ridiculous oh god guys this
move dentists Oh No that happened we got
the coffee it's just like really bad
lighting I'm gonna come over here 1 2 3
1 2 3 we got the good
more than like two of us shopping
okay first stop we are going to
Victoria's Secret we got the toffee
because good Victoria's Secret there's
like this little donut ones I like the
pink one Ashley's like all about those
guys definitely want one of these so
Victoria so you guys having a free tow
and tech POW free tow and tech pouch
with the $70 purchase cool you know I'm
all about going good going strong I've
got a few deals already I'm excited I
don't know what we're going after this I
obviously don't know oh I need this I
need this I need this I need this it's
literally so cute oh my god this is so
cute I normally don't go for red but
honestly like this is a freaking dorable
it wasn't planning on getting this much
stuff they have really cute stuff though
shout out to the subscribers you had
those velvet pants because I totally
copied you and got the same thing how'd
you do wait where's your self yeah no
you that is so cute
oh my god oh my god oh my god I won this
i'ma take I don't need this this is
Sophia I'm asked you
thank you so much graphics money one
let's do it all of us are clogging it's
like so much so we're in a forever 21 i
put the paw if it deals happen shopping
you can see i'm doing on a literally
tomorrow morning whenever like 5 a.m.
until the hall so that should be fine oh
my god you guys okay so we literally
both have the same freaking shirt i was
like that is amazing i was so cute I've
only got one shirt so far but I'm gonna
do a quick lap that's really curious
that looks like you holiday deals found
them I was like where are the deal that
yo um I feel like there's not that many
good sales here oh there's beanies ammo
secure hi Dillon forever 21 I think
there's like that bit of sales like the
same thing as yeah I mean there's like
30 percent off scarves but I think it's
like that like for the next week or
something but this jacket is so me
bougie got some goods from forever 21
honestly gonna get that much but we got
a few things prep 21 is done where to
next guys we're track oh okay that I
should have look at the shoes I don't
even love do-do-do-do-do-do next stop
Jackson update is creepy
they are
it's freezing here no it's like so crazy
how many people oh my god I had to get
out of there who indeed waters and they
I'm feeling so dehydrated just like
all the tree that's so pretty
look at how crazy it is oh my god this
is the damage so far we're currently
waiting for Ashley she's getting some
shoes and I was like I need to sit I
don't feel good
TYIN I really wanna go to Hollister if
got a represent Bath & Body Works oh hi
I'm walking do you want to say hi we met
them do I
any shoutouts Melanie give a shout-out
to holla
amia Franco I really want you guys to
such a great girl first into soul
have a good night guys
set it to mr. Hollister this is really
cute this looks so calm oh wait it's a
hit I'm buying too many hoodies today I
want like a parka honestly yo the entire
store is 50% off where's Ashley oh my
god wait this is so cute I'm buying
too many comfy clothes we're in
Hollister and I ran into Madison and we
go like way back we've met like so many
times she's like the sweetest person
ever done deserve you but would a Black
Friday's all be without some candles
from Bath and Body Works their sale was
whoa ohh buy three get three free
Queen oh it would not be I feel like we
let your light up here I went outside or
like I was walking there like Ali she's
here she's here right
oh my god I'm so tired and I'm so hungry
update time it is currently I think
almost 1:00 a.m. I'm so tired
wait stop watch and now to put up this
blog ASAP and then I have to wake up
super early fill my hall get that up as
soon as I can
lol literally can't even remember the
last time I went through like a
drive-through probably I cannot remember
oh my god I'm so hungry it's not even
funny so currently at the Del Taco
drive-thru getting some Bey burritos I'm
so tired we're driving home hey guys
what is up so I just wanted to end this
vlog I am currently editing it and is
honestly at 3:30 4:00 a.m. I don't know
why I'm this awake honestly I'm gonna
say goodnight because I have to wake up
really soon to fill my haul for you guys
so so my haul will be up super super
soon I'm gonna have it linked in the
description box once I put it up also
Happy Thanksgiving I am so so so so if
we can think will for you guys I'm super
thankful for you and yeah I love you ok
