hello everyone hello Joe I am so so
sorry what's today today is dance
December 17 where have I been
so basically I've missed officially one
day of vlogmas however I think it's
gonna be two because the footage I got
yesterday honestly I don't even know
what kind of footage it is honestly I'm
not even sure if I'm gonna upload that
footage just because it's like I don't
know like I feel like it's not like it's
nothing like honestly basically long
story short the past two days I have
been editing doing homework studying for
finals
yeah like basically that's all I've been
doing so that's why I like the vlogs
just sucks like the end like that there
was no footage it was just not
interesting at all I know you guys still
like seeing vlogs however it was just
yeah but it's okay because I'm almost
done with school so I'm so excited to be
on a winter break so expect a vlog and
yes to everyone who's asking I am still
planning on vlogging after vlog messes
done even though I kind of failed at
vlogmas because I skipped a day or two
not sure if it's gonna be exactly every
single day on but I'm gonna try to do
that because I mean it's so much fun for
me and it's awesome so so yeah also if
you haven't seen it yet last night I
uploaded my DIY Christmas presents slash
holiday gift video which I am pretty
proud of I spent so much time on that
video hence they're really not being
vlogs recently it's because I've been
editing so hard on that video so you
guys should definitely go watch it
if you haven't yet boom
hey go after it go watch it go walk
today
so yeah that's been going on lately
literally just editing how awesome is
that
and yeah oh also oh my gosh I totally
didn't show you guys this so the other
night I actually went out with some of
the girls from style hall and they
wanted to celebrate my hitting a million
subscribers which was so sweet of and I
got a present so here's the back and
shout out to Brittany for decorating it
for me you are awesome oh my gosh I was
so excited
you don't even know like oh are you
excited to clue that means loves me and
they made me a hat this is a million on
it I feel like it's appropriate to wear
it this is a million on it oh there we
go there we go yeah oh my guys huge
thank you to stylehaul you guys are
awesome like oh my gosh thank you so
much amber treating me to dinner like it
was like so much fun it was really good
food so anyways so I picked out this
also not trying to brag whatsoever but I
just wanted to share my excitement with
you guys okay so here we go ready so it
comes in a dust bag like this oh my gosh
I ended up picking out the favorites and
em from Louis Vuitton and it looks like
this there's like a protective plastic
thing over this part right here so
that's why it's like blue and stuff yeah
oh my gosh oh I like I don't want to
touch it is that weird
oh my gosh baby this isn't what it looks
like I feel I don't feel worthy gosh I
am in love right now love I loves you
like eNOS I feel so fancy so just had a
little Instagram photo shoot right now
so just got back from my pedo box
actually replying to some of your guys
just fan mail because you guys are so so
sweet one is to Elizabeth so you may see
this blog before you get to the letter
but I'm currently working on yours right
now and you were so sweet you sent two
pictures that you wanted to sign so I
signed those and I'm so sorry I chose
pink and it didn't really show that much
so then I went over that one with purple
and I was like well it looks like it's
supposed to be that way I'm currently
writing you a letter right now
I realize like you ain't never get to
see my handwriting people make fun of my
handwriting so much because my AIDS
looks so weird so I was like hey I might
as well show them they look like Z's and
I've mentioned it a few times before but
definitely not recently that my aids
definitely look like Z's so anyone who
gets in letters from me those are
definitely a's please shut there you go
those are my eggs and what's so funny is
like many times with like documents or
anything that you sign i purposely have
to change my handwriting because there's
been a few times where things come back
titled felicia likely chefs like sorry
that's just how I write my a malicious
it oh sorry sorry Lucy that's what it
would be okay guys so we are currently
about to film gonna be doing like a very
last minute gift guide like if you have
no idea what to get hopefully this video
will help you and hopefully this video
will help you like get ideas of what to
get people in stuff we are kind of
running late as you can probably tell a
Sun is like going down but it's weird
cuz it's overcast so I feel like this
Suns like it's brighter than it normally
would be does that make sense what I
didn't even do my hair is totally my
fault
I'm it okay yeah but this is a special
gift guide because it's not just with me
it's with Miss Cologne but show everyone
you new outfit she got a new outfit show
everyone your onesie Joey banis look at
that little bootie flap oh come on
babies how about very festive I thought
I was going for you were filming Oh
Chloe's nothing cool a bit cool favorite
things in the entire world I got these
for my birthday two years ago and
there's still my favorite things I use
them just about every single day and
yeah I really cannot hear myself talking
so I'm sorry but I'm filming where'd you
go baby
bt-dubs don't find my awesome slippers
yes work oh hey guys so long time no
talk watch okay okay basically I'm just
kind of been editing at most tonight and
then also working on a final studying
hashtag the dying mama
but yeah managed to shower and got ready
for bed yeah I'm gonna go to bed sorry
again that you missed two days of vlog I
know it really upsets the movie
I miss them too so I'm excited to upload
this in the morning oh you look so
closely hi babies
and now have you yeah I love you
but yeah so I'll see you guys tomorrow
and love you guys bye
