hey guys so today is Tuesday it's
Tuesday first of all I just want to
apologize for this quality I'm actually
using my phone right now if you will
follow me on Twitter and then you would
know that I totally and completely lost
my bug camera charger like legit I have
no idea where it is
I've been looking for it like all day I
can't find it anywhere
so that really really sucks but I really
really wanted to vlog so I was like you
know I'm just gonna use my phone and
hope that I find it super soon because I
really want to start using that again
yeah I missed you guys I seriously like
I've been I've been I've been really
wanting to vlog recently so today I'm
just like I'm gonna walk what's new
what's new what's new what's new what's
new Chloe's love babies also I don't
know if you noticed maybe lighten my
hair a little bit I'm kind of towards
the ends just like a little more of an
ombre and stuff I did I did that
yesterday so I have some footage here
for you guys so you guys can see that
because I wanted to definitely like vlog
like doing it but then I wasn't blogging
yesterday because I couldn't find my
charger I just got a couple clips so
here you go
hope you like it whatup guys we are
drying the hair it's been so long KitKat
can you do it here sure do I know Kouga
does everything the video yes love it
updates going down times like this is
what I'm like
this is what I'd look like with the
pixie cut ah you know what's funny is I
always think of like if I was to go on
America's Next Top Model how would they
do my hair for some reason in the back
of my head every single time I'm like I
feel like they'd cut all of mine off I
don't know cuz I have a longer neck so I
could see them being like oh you need to
show you muddled news you know what I
mean I'm a walking status we're cutting
yes yeah what is this there's like
mascara
and a and and yeah so anyways today it
is like 1 o'clock ish right now my
morning has been really productive I got
up at 7:10 ish and I cleaned I organized
I dishes I did laundry hamper away
laundry like seriously it's been so
great
speaking of Chloe she has an Instagram
if you guys haven't seen at my most
recent video I mention it in a very
beginning at it's me Chloe Mae
so you guys should totally follow her I
mentioned it in another vlog also she's
already got like what twelve thousand
followers
this dog is famous man your sit up right
now I'm going to a film this week's of
video obviously I'm not gonna film it
like all at once
but I'm gonna try to film a majority of
it I'm pretty sure this week's video is
going to be what is on iPhone plus how I
edit to my Instagram of photos it has
been crazy crazy requested what else
Kyle what else is know hey what up so
updates time is now to sub to 20 and I
just filmed at the majority of my video
like this sitting down talking part of
it you know where I'm like you know this
is on this and this is this for some
reason I don't know why but I just I
couldn't get the words out of my mouth
today I was seriously struggling so much
it was not even funny you hear my voice
it sound like like I don't know I don't
like it however fun facts they like that
in like TV shows and stuff because they
feel like it gives depth to the
character I remember reading that one
time but they like like crackly voices I
think of Sophia Bush or like like this
right now so basically I'm the next
Jennifer Lawrence you guys I'm just
kidding gasps we oh right now we have to
take a thumbnail because I almost forgot
to take the picture for that age so
currently a good semester books not
gonna lie this was left over from
yesterday and I just totally didn't
finish it but I open the fridge I got
really excited because I forgot that I
had it so and I am watching nine oh two
one oh yeah lately I've been binge
watching this like no other I should
edit to the video that I just filmed but
I think I'm gonna do that in a couple
minutes and yeah ice passion tea yes
yeah oh hey guys so today is Wednesday
which is so funny because all day I
thought say was Thursday but it
definitely was on Thurs
and this morning I had a meeting which
was really cool it went really well did
I came home and now actually I are
filthy hello hey David
anyways Ashley and I are currently
filming like I said and you probably
noticed the huge pink sheet there we
kind of had to work with what we got I
really wanted to do like a scene where
it looks like I'm like in a studio or
something obviously there's no studio
here we kind of had to work with what we
got
so I made my very own pink backdrop yeah
work so I'm really excited for this
think oh he's fun and yeah we literally
just took this was my old like twin
sheet for my bed fits perfectly over
this door if you ever need to do
something similar it gets alike the
stretchy sheet what she is that call the
fitted sheet the one that's really
annoying and doesn't sold for anything
unless you have really send doors our
doors are kind of big they're kind of
larger but anyways the point is this
will be got going on
holla let's do this let's do this
bt-dubs totally in Semih awesome PJs
right now they're only gonna see the top
up so it doesn't matter right that's
some fun promises you guys look at this
yeah
so now here at Starbucks but it's
because it's for my video guys I'm not
that much of a bit panicked I guess kind
of not really I see you show me like
taking a picture with my coffee because
you know you know so yeah but we are
doing right now and I think we're gonna
do about the fountain because it looks
really pretty so today we got a iced
coffee with soy doll it's pretty good
bagel guys we were filming and like okay
so I want to tell me that fountain that
I showed you guys and we got maybe like
basically a minutes worth of footage
literally they like these like people
come and they turn it off and start
cleaning it I was like no so that was
kind of depressing I mean one minute
that we got looks really really good I
was enjoying that count so we're
probably gonna come back we have to do a
couple errands for my iPhone when I was
saying my huge iPhone giveaway ended a
couple days ago so right now I'm going
to Apple to pick it up the prize that
was from I what I got for Christmas
video I gave away an iPhone 6 and
Samantha one she's in the Philippines
right now so I'm going to get that she
wants the gold ones and send that out
hopefully with like Sara tomorrow we can
send that outs to her but her Twitter
handle and the description you guys can
go say congrats to her I always love
like shipping off your guys's prizes
like I think I'm more excited to give
them than to like you guys been then for
you guys to get them does that make
sense
that's what we do when that's what we're
doing when my hair looks extra light I
want this I want down here to literally
be like blonde be like you secretly my
whole life I just wanted to be like you
Hey oh my gosh I literally thought I was
about to walk into the glass doors
aren't there because they look like
Second Opium anyways we good and stone
which is exciting I'm so bummed I got
lipstick dividend Sephora and they gave
me the wrong color I was really really
sad and I totally forgot it otherwise I
would have brought it to exchange
No so we got the shots at Starbucks
between dedup going back and the
fountain is back on so that was really
cool
also would you guys like to see an OOTD
of an outfit today what I'm wearing
ratty always randomly like have an
accent I don't even know what I do it
just my collar is been targeted and I
have the matching leash which is also
from Target so what my dress is from the
brand Astro which I believe is zapier
top sha I'm not sure I got it like that
section of Nordstrom okay my jacket is
from a online store called swing in hate
which I've had for a while now so I'm
not sure if they still have it but it's
just like a green like trench coat and
my booties actually got the other day
from Nordstrom and yes they look like
that there's little Brown booties so
that's what I'm wearing true-life I
really need to edit but I kind of really
do not want to get up coach I'm so
comfort do you think mama you're so
weird what are you doing Oh mom you're
embarrassing me I just can't
yeah definitely changed into puffy
clothes I'm in Victoria's Secret
sweatshirts and I don't know these are
from probably target anyone know where
these are from
yeah like the computer is right there
right there but I just don't want to
right now literally I've been staring at
it for the past like 10 minutes just
staring Oh
I've literally had like three coffees
today well I did get up early today I
got up at 7 so props to me for getting
up early today
haven't shown you guys yet but he
finally he fixed this whole like empty
wall scenario like we didn't know it's
you for the longest time we decided I'm
doing like a collage like this so we got
all these frames from home goods they're
actually pretty cheap and they're so
cute like honestly I love them I'm gonna
plug into these lights because I love
how they look when their plants in Oh No
but no the struggle of plugging them in
it's kind of hard - let me have it so
Jane like it literally just like hangs
there but I think it's really cute
overall but yeah so that is this area
over here or like everything's pretty
about hi hi oh behind be that way so I
totally forgot to almost end of the vlog
so sorry you get me fetus but um but
yeah but anyways I'm gonna go to bed I
will see you guys hopefully really
really soon and again sorry that this is
on my phone and that's my blog camera
but hopefully I find my treasure super
soon yeah I'll see you guys later
