morning it's so cloudy I don't want to
get out of it so I'm currently getting
ready I just finished my makeup and then
we're going to I think curl my hair
today honestly not sure because it's
raining so I'm like do I want to spend
time curling my hair or just want to
like put it up I don't know but yeah I'm
just watching some YouTube videos while
I get ready do you guys do it to like
when you get ready like instead of
watching TV or listening to music like I
just want you to videos on my laptop the
whole time I'm getting ready and stuff I
think you know that's when your
unofficial YouTube at it team Internet
but anyways uh yeah what's going on
Gundam hair ready let's do it okay so we
are ready now and honestly I didn't only
do too much to my hair I just kind of
put some dry shampoo in it and pinned my
bangs that's so so yeah Ashley Matt are
at the mall they're getting some
Christmas shopping done I guess ok so
currently 307 308 straight and shout out
to Miss Club miss underscore Chloe
underscore May and Alicia underscore
Marie underscore fans for being on my
pod right now I'm on my way to Ava's
right now because we are going to be
filming a couple of clips and then
talking about a video that's going to be
coming up really soon on all of our
channels so that's happening my hair is
also happening right now which isn't a
bad way up guys I was leaving and I've
got a package on the doorstep so let's
open it I need scissors
yeah lots of bubble wrap
oh oh oh my gosh no way oh my gosh I
love this this stuff is so good I'm hand
cream shampoo condition bauble bar oh my
gosh oh my gosh this is so sweet
Neutrogena you guys are awesome I'm a
really really pretty necklace oh my gosh
thanks guys like christmas came early
dude so three oh my gosh thanks Eugenia
you guys are awesome thank you so much
hey guys so here with Emma hey I haven't
told him exactly what's going on but I'm
sure they can kind of figure it out two
youtubers in the camera - one - one
getting some shots getting
I'm pretty excited for this you guys
should be too like oh yeah sexy behind
the scenes you should yeah this would be
a good thing for a sign oh okay so this
clips are either a complete fail or
really good let me know when the video
comes out or if it's that bad you won't
even see them so hi Andrew
alright so it's one of the first things
that I do want to come over make some
coffee I thought you guys were thinking
I wasn't gonna have coffee today but
really I haven't had any and I've really
been wanting it can we talk about this
cup to like like it's almost as big as
my head ah oh my gosh so good so
exciting shout out to Ava for having my
favorites creamer in the entire world
it's the Italian sweet cream my coffee
mate and it is so good like it's my bag
like I love it so much so thanks Ava you
de bez yay Paula I'm kind of excited
hold the hot know what remaining oh
really hey I didn't realize it was like
a pizza I thought they were just you
know like normal bread said yeah skyping
there's no memory card oh so we are
currently brainstorming on an epic nist
of a video does that make sense not
really but that's cool this is how you
make long-distance relationships work
guys the exciting I excited I want it I
can feel you what what is going on right
now gusting this like around oh hey guys
so today
oh the 13th Jesus 13th because some of
you probably know I did not upload a
vlog yesterday I was totally planning on
it but the footage was literally four
minutes long like not even for MIT it
was three something and for some reason
I couldn't find the last footage of me
saying bye I think I just wasn't
recording because I know I did it but I
couldn't find the footage anyway my like
I just wasn't recording or something
because I don't think I deleted it I
asked you guys on Twitter if you would
rather meet combine it in today's vlog
or still upload it just really short and
it was actually like pretty tied but I
felt like I saw a little more combined
than I expected so I just decided to
combine it in today's vlog so that's why
I have two vlogs in one I was on such a
streak with my vlogmas but it's okay I
feel like vlog so like technically I
didn't miss a day Ashton are here about
to film lots of filming lots of editing
and the next like two days lots of
homework watched lots of stuff going on
so yeah intro and outro are done though
through Taco Bell Paolo Gabriele
questions so I am going to be doing miss
tacos for Avis video this would be
hilarious and I'm gonna be a fool out of
myself but that's okay so I can't
honestly can't remember last I was even
supposed to talk about weight are you
good well I got using mine so update
time I'm actually now in LA at Mia's
apartment if you recognize it but I'll
be doing wait aren't we just and we're
going to really good I was like waiting
for it to stopping I'm going yeah so we
are here obviously is 750 I've been
editing all day long so much and so much
filming I'm not even done Ramon we were
gonna go to earth I can say it's one of
my favorite restaurants for sure for
sure so you guys get to come along
Oh what are you getting ah I'm gonna get
to the crease Diller I had that last
time but it was so good no last time I
got a salad last minute yeah I always
Thank You Stella and have a noise crack
Kimmy but I like I heard you say that
way like it is not funny really sorry
last time I had a salad here but I'm on
Melrose I had yes I got the soy Spanish
so we were just discussing like what
makes someone yawn when thing from
Uptown because I'm all even edit my own
videos and I gone and then ions like
watching like wha meditate and just like
what the heck like what is what is what
it is don't know if anyone know you know
we should look let's look it up
my guess is about 99% of you - John -
why obviously it's not like an in person
names over like in the video
and reading about yawning can make you
do it now a new study offers insight
into why yawning is such a powerful sign
of empathy and a form of social bonding
so it's a sign of empathy and a foremost
bonding basically that means that ethnic
babies are tight because we are bonded
if that kids would say if you saw BC
history and really are you going on are
the only like some of that you know I
keep yawning this is over because we're
talking about a water struggle it looks
like I'm crying everything I said are
you all in and everything are you okay
no I even saw I just stopped talking
about yawning right now family I think
I've gone like 20 times ten minutes are
candlelit dinner I got a pretty one
asked for a large large strong so I got
a large honey vanilla latte strong with
an expresso shot because I am so tired
and Mia's like what's wrong with you oh
you gotta learn to say I got ya chicken
quesadilla with a spinach tortilla and
yeah so that's what I got so I am beetus
faith but anyways 120 and we are EDD
editing at edit edit team editing
editing I did try to say editing I say
editing like editing and did not edit
team na I know that's wrong to mark I
look like a man it's cool but I
definitely do look like a man right now
focused on my face focus focus on my
face focus on my face because looks on
my face hard to say
anyways um cool yeah that's all I
thought update you guys I felt so bad
about not uploading a vlog today like I
felt like something was just wrong with
the world I'm just like oh my god this
is immense like extra-large flannel and
it's amazing it I got this from UM the
brand-new sail with you know
he left oh yeah and we're looking so fun
oh mama me and makeup looking huh oh
good I love the lookin hunt
I wonder what vlog that was oh the
brandy seal up I'm gonna find that I
made up a rap one time brandy melville
was having a sale we had to wait like
six hours so let me up hurry up oh my
gosh that is so cute
Julia both looks not so hot anyway I'm
gonna go to bed you're still editing
it's just funny cuz I'm the one who's
like awake you know one is like a more
yay late night editing dates are my
favorite on my favorite my favorite what
oh yeah Paula oh no one will ever like
understand that it's just our thing just
accept it and go with it okay so I'm
going to go to bed I will see you
tomorrow for another vlog miss blog I'm
Andy I'm sorry again that this had to be
combined hope you don't mind but yeah
I'll see you later bye
