hey guys it has been a while since I've
logged as you know I had vlogmas which
was so fun and then towards the end I
kind of slacked a little bit but it
there was just no way that it was gonna
happen so sorry for that oh my gosh it
feels it feels like I've talked to you
forever ah I look recently pale but yeah
I'm I am pale that's the problem
mer so the day after Christmas my family
and I went up to a cabin because that
was actually one of Ashley's presents we
went there for four days five days four
days five days obviously I didn't vlog
there at all I just I just I don't know
it was just nice to relax and after vlog
mates it was just a lot of vlogging so
it was nice to just like just relax
through a little bit and then when I
came home I got sick
that happened I just I've not been
filling the vlogging this and honestly
like I feel like my life has been pretty
boring right now like nothing really has
been going on but yesterday I tweeted
that I decided to vlog today because I
really miss vlogging and I miss you guys
and I know you guys love these a lot so
yeah I hope you like spacewalk okay some
updates time on Ashton edge so out of
touch and we are on our way to target I
need to do some shopping for some DIYs
and my next video this week which I am
so excited about anything cute really
like it doesn't matter I totally was not
even recording right now so I just
posted this picture on Instagram so you
guys should totally follow me on
Instagram if you're not its Mac baby 11
yeah we can talk there here we go here
we go
cool there's a Valentine's Day stuff out
which just makes me feel really
depressed will you be my Valentine well
and with Chloe all three guys I'm really
wanting to get a new book but I don't
know what's good let me know let me know
do you guys have any book
recommendations for me not much as a
reader so it has to be kind of like a
really you know I can't decide if I want
it like a romance
I've heard that Paper Towns is super
good so maybe we'll get that maybe
looking the abundance not really funding
too much I mean I got like some stuff
but I was really looking for a lot more
and can't buy it anywhere but I think
it's just because they're out like
because of the holidays and stuff
there's like nothing everything's kind
of gone but that's ok so that's how I'll
get you it come home like really creepy
good stuff for you have to check out see
like okay going to Michael's just target
kind of feel no I didn't fail but we
need more like stationery organized kind
of stuff and there's definitely none of
that I mean there's just not that much
about that targeting so oh my gosh you
guys Michaels was kind of a video too
which kind of sucks because I was really
hoping to get like everything for this
video today but that definitely did not
happen so yeah kind of side but I did
get some stuff so but I did get some
stuff so I figured I would show you guys
what I got although it's really not that
much so don't don't get too excited okay
so try to guess what the video is going
to be just from everything here we have
a white board and forecourt for some
paper white board markers I got these
like mini mason jars which are super
super cute paper clips and paper what
are these bottom ones claw - they're
both called paper clips 16 binder clips
oh my gosh I got ripped off oh my gosh
I just realize I totally got ripped off
there's supposed to be pushpins down
here supposed to be three layers and I
only got two oh my gosh that's so
depressing oh my gosh I'm so sorry it
ripped me off and I'm kind of sad about
that target you are my Vania you let me
down you've let me down just kidding it
wasn't that much and you know it's funny
as I almost bought the three layer one
but I was like oh I don't need pushpins
okay the cheaper ones kale fail no
wonder there was like one left but
anyways I I got gnats and then I also
got more foundation it actually stopped
I I was using my Hart Foundation and I
realized like it was really making my
face just super cakey and oily
throughout the day I used to do this all
the time it was my favorite um so I
stole some of Ashley's one day and I
fell back in love with it so I bought
some of my own and I'm actually going
into right now and I haven't touched up
for a couple hours so I'm kind of like
dewy oily but it's like like this is
good it's good and then we got some
stamps a m4
Oh a shimmery see what I did there yeah
yeah we have a huge poster frame right
here which we're going to totally
spray-paint and then I got a binder and
some permanent workers because I don't
have any black permanent markers
honestly though that's not really for
the video so don't pay attention to that
yeah that's kind of all that I really
got like I said I kind of was hoping to
get more but it didn't happen um anyway
so right now Ashley and I are going to
film it the intro for this video or is a
reason like when I filmed the intro and
outro first I feel more like I'm ahead
of schedule when I'm filming and editing
just because I see it as a whole video
opposed to just like certain clips does
that mean Kaizen if you make videos I'll
let me know if you're like that too
maybe it's just me I have no idea
everyone wants to see you in the video
say hi to everyone
they missed you Oh Ashley meant to give
her a harness a target good girl Chloe
good girl you're just a go sit sit oh
good girl stay yeah go get go get over
you're so cute
go get it where's your tweet oh you told
me we should don't go get it go get it
every time people come over they don't
realize how little she is why are you so
cute huh
why are you so cute love me back sit
good girl here we go
filming okay checking the lighting right
now whoa it was bad she goes out of our
little patio face so I was looking some
up and then I realized wait I could
share this with you guys but then I have
the idea to do why not taking a step
further and just add in some DIY room
decor and ways to kind of spice up your
room
so I just put my intro and I'm kind of
mad oh my gosh okay so the way that I
have my setup like sitting like this way
as you can see there's like one huge
window on this side and obviously
there's no window on this side so the
left side of my face is always way
brighter than my right and in my past
couple videos like everyone's like oh
you forgot to fill in what eyebrow and
I'm like no it's just the lighting I
swear as you tend to see yeah they are
definitely the same so that I just
looked over the footage weeks on for
this intro and literally like one looks
completely done and the other one just
doesn't knows like no and it's so
obvious so yeah I'm really sad about
that
so I'm you know I think I'm gonna like
put in text like to remind my eyebrows
everyone noticed it's so much my last
one and I feel like if it's two videos
in a row it's gonna seem like they're
really like that Sileo you guys will be
my witnesses right right right now we
are working on spray-painting this frame
we're trying to find my chalkboard spray
paint on alia you guys just broke like
the acrylic nail by nail they all didn't
break but it's just the acrylic nail
because I do have fake nails I guess I
questioned a lot everyone always asked
if my nails are real or fake and they're
definitely fake because my nails suck at
growing is they never grow at all I am
so sad and don't let me enhance I told I
have liked to spray paint all over them
I was a spray painting earlier content
wink-wink a sneak peek about this video
nicely I'm gonna be completely honest
I'm not exactly sure if it's gonna be
this week like it's gonna be up this
week I'm trying my hardest it may not
happen but I'm going to try my freakin
hardest to make it happen Ashley is
literally the best store in the entire
world and she made me my sister
literally at the best sister in the
entire world and she made me a cup of
tea because I am the sick if you can
tell my nose is all red I don't like it
it's an excuse to be lazy and cut up and
wear comfy clothes and two periods of
focus on and do pairs of fuzzy socks did
you show this in your favorite oh and
speaking of favorite Ashley upload
favorites it's yeah Ashley uploaded her
favorites video from I not you on my
knows me you look cute what is this what
is this so yeah that's going on right
right now boys just now editing today's
footage which honestly it's not as much
I knew it wasn't much footage but it's
like ten times less footage than I even
thought I had today should have been
really productive and it was only kind
of productive flat so this is what we
got we got some chain care that's what
we got
so I filmed it the intro and you know
how I did I told you guys about my whole
eyebrows thing earlier what got it look
what what it's the lighting it's because
this side my face is like lighter cuz
the window what is that madness so this
is what I did ready hey that's what I
did but that was my fix to everything
needed to be organized I think I just
give you another hint right there
although it's only got like kind of a
head on it
so yeah I've just I've been editing
looking like a hobo oh I do you like the
lights do you like the lights I sure as
most of you guys know I was in love with
the winter wonderland see there were so
many ornaments and a Christmas tree and
lights it was just so bright and so
colorful sad thinking about what my
videos were gonna look like after
Christmas was gone so this is what we
came up with let me know if you guys
liked it I did it in my last in my room
tour video you guys thought that do we
like the lights back there Yes No maybe
so I like them I think it adds a lot
especially it's the like oh no I really
like it very cool they sway funny vines
funny vines okay oh and a little bit
also also also I'm sure if you follow me
on Twitter you probably already know
this because I've been tweeting about it
like no other yes especially yesterday I
finally finally updated my banner on my
channel yay new banner guys and I love
it like especially this so we look at
this I'm sitting on the e yes oh my gosh
if you guys haven't seen it yet totally
good like my channel because I worked
really hard on it I'm not gonna lie um
and I really like how it turned out yeah
I changed my phone case to the blue one
I had this actually got this first
pocket like eBay he was like three or
four dollars actually see the gold
because what's the point of having a
gold phone if you can't even see it also
currently going through some fan mail
and I bought this binder to put like all
your guys's letters in and stuff so I'm
so good I seriously love getting your
guys's letters and reading them and
stuff I hate saying this but like I feel
so bad like there's just no physical way
I can literally reply to every single
one of you so I don't want to like hurt
your feelings if I don't reply but I
want you guys to know that I do read
every single one I read every single
thing every I see every picture I see
everything everything everything but you
know what I wish no I wish you could
pause time like I could sit here for
Pinal letters for like I don't know two
hour to three hours how could you keep
going you know you know
oh hey guys
so update tat it is now 11:21 I see I'm
kind of blind 7-eleven 21 um and I'm
going to go to bed um because I'm tired
and I have a headache and I still feel
sick so so yeah but I will see you guys
soon with another vlog and I love you
guys so much and yeah bye guys
