morning guys hello guys and welcome to
vlogmas day at 10 yes 10 out of the
auditing words like what's yo so J is
what's today Wednesday right no so this
is tense ha ha ha
cuz I was must be like then I totally
like titled my blog was wrong today I
was like no there's no way I coulda and
in 222 technically 219 a p.m. so
afternoon now are getting ready to film
my DIY holiday gift guide you guys got
it right in yesterday's vlog a lot of
you guys I was at the day before I think
was the day before - I like kinda was
giving hints about what the video is
gonna be I guess more like gift ideas
and a gift guide basically the same
thing and look what Ashley brought me
for the first time I changed it up I
tried the chestnut praline the latte so
many people talk about it and everyone
says that it's really good I even had
someone say that tasted like cookie
dough in a cup basically so I was like
ok I have to try this we're trying it
and it's so good definitely a good
splurge drink if you're looking for one
Oh
behind the scenes of DMI Holiday Gift
Guide well right now we are painting a
Starbucks mug and we're gonna glitter
apply it because there's a lot of butter
variously glitter if eyeing the cop
hopefully gonna turn out good know how I
could like screw up too much except for
the fact that this glue is drying and I
got a hurry
so yes going on right now
lighting is like really good today
because it's kind of overcast so I'm
kind of happy with that heck yes that
looks so freaking cool oh my gosh so
excited for this like so freakin cool
yes so excited today so if you want to
make one of em so hear it out Ashley
puts up with me so much she did really
like I'm like we need to do this I need
to do this when you change this can you
do this actually do this she's like ok
yay it turned out so cute I'm so excited
so if you guys say sneak peeks and vlogs
you have to promise that you'll watch
the full video you're kind of basically
already seeing like how to make stuff so
pinky that you also watch it Birger
she's in cats hood she was loving it oh
my god so now we are Jim Jim Belgium
Belgian bass this is what we do though
it's so fun anyway I'll be back in three
two for Mac he's gonna get with our lab
we are way to Walmart because we are out
of ink we need eight for good morning
except we are going to end get that a
couple other things I totally feel like
Katniss right now because I have a brave
and have this like like jackpot
I'm gonna let me start going it may be a
competitor like it to water got some
women got some women got some women
nobody let's really DejaVu because in
like one or two blocks ago I was walking
down there's a mile getting some grief
nice Oh crunchy nugget oh no great
mustard a lover
oh that's a Walmart brand crunchy Negev
fun fact my favorite cereal so pouring
right no it's so fun fun fact my
favorite like sugary cereal is
definitely a lucky charm
however my favorite like go to cereal
especially good stories
you're shopping I think we have
everything cat if you are watching this
you need to turn off the camera okay so
anyway tomorrow no today cuz it's 1221
right now
Brown is one of our best friends of
birthday hack I'm sure you guys
recognize her from vlogs because she's
in quite a bit of my mob so it's her
birthday tomorrow and we literally like
incident I don't know why I didn't vlog
this at Walmart but oh no I left my
camera in the car basically we got a
whole bunch of stuff for her birthday
just like Brandon stuff to surprise her
on her birthday tomorrow
her name's Katherine so everyone calls
her Kathy or cats that's what we call
her cat but we actually I call her Kit
Kat that's her nickname like you have a
nickname you know you're close to us
when you are given a nickname a famous
Kit Kats we call her Kit Kat all the
time if you hear that in vlogs that boat
that's what but don't you have to check
this out we we bought so many cats like
every size that was possible to buy so
we made this and we're surprising her at
work with that like later tomorrow and
then right now we're making her a little
card thing a legit card it's legit guys
we made break me off a piece of that Kit
Kat Paula
oh so be sure to check out tomorrow's
vlog because I'm going to be vlogging
like the whole entire adventure getting
my spy senses ready cuz it's gonna be
lit just gonna be so much fun oh and
then right at 12 o'clock okay so I had
acid I bowls at our phones to airplane
mode and then we typed out like I had 30
something messages he had like 20 to her
and then the second it hit midnight we
like put it off airplane mode so all of
the text went through at one oh she had
like 50 texts in the matter of a minute
basically saying cause every day we love
we are trying to get beautiful
