hello people of the Internet
I'm in such a good mood today I think
it's cuz it's - no way as a timer it's
almost one is a little better although
it's still like almost 1 and stuff yeah
it's old stuff yeah so we're getting
ready to film though yeah but Ashley is
helping me right now I'm trying to
figure out like the last couple clips
that we need because I filmed most of it
but they're still like a couple like fun
clips that I want to get or figuring
that out I just uploaded my blog won't
Jeff actually upload it pretty early to
go off early today but like early when I
was like I woke up and I uploaded it so
so yeah PG dub yoga didn't happen if you
saw yesterday's vlog I tried I really
did try I tried actually I didn't try
that hard but I did try also random
everyone always asks what's my skit I
use I use the benefit to they are real
great pretty lot like I've been loving
it lately you not show me oh and yeah
gasp look don't wanna definitely known
that's what that is going on what else
is going on what up what up what up mmm
shopping bit okay wait film and then
shopping later because I still haven't
started my Christmas shopping ah baking
some quest bars because quest bars are
dabei as you can probably tell
oops I burnt tin one job I burnt kids
have one job sowwy don't hate me sir
lighting is so good right now
hey what are we gonna wear today what
are we gonna wear today gonna win
holding comics by the way believe it or
not I actually totally like cleaned out
my closet even though it doesn't look
like it this is it clean I'm pretty
proud of myself
Paula Oh what do I want - it's big you
know I kind of feel like looking cute
but I also kind of feel like looking
really comfy I cleaned it out but it's
definitely not like organized by clothes
it's all just kind of like randomly
there so I'm still gonna fix that I love
this sweater I made people wear that
operation figure out what to wear
literally I'll be here for like an hour
at full I wish there was someone who
could like pick out my outfits for me
not even gonna be comfy or to be cute or
to be cute comfy
I don't wear this through yet Oh Oh it
pick up my okay how about this skirt
this is cute I have not worn it yet you
know it's bad when you have clothes in
your closet with the tags still on it
like no you know it's funny as I
purposely do that one you can always
like return it because you don't you
don't like it and two it shows you how
long it really takes you to wear
something that way the next time I'm
shopping I can remember wait it took me
a month to wear that one dress so I
shouldn't get this thing that I'm want
about right now you know I mean it
doesn't make any sense me not justify
things too anyways point is let's wear
this skirt with what that is the
question that is the question
okay home how about this is this cute oh
no I can't
I think we'll see we'll see I mean or I
could just wear this what I'm wearing
right now that's super cute baby just
get on your feet Oh yummy hair is girls
okay so for the video one part is like
talking about Netflix and like how binge
sessions are the best and stuff so
Ashley's totally ordering a pizza ring
I'm having a prop for the video look at
that yes Chloe's here two and two ready
go so why are you with him picking on
her rabbit you tell me you tell him tell
him you tell him yeah
no I'm done I'm done so Ashley and I are
to the mall BAM I'm kind of scared it's
gonna be crazy like I like it but I
really need coffee right now like I'm
just gonna like dragging like the past
two hours I think I've done nothing yeah
cuz Christmas shopping done mom and dad
if you're watching this stop watching
this okay stop stop stop turn it off so
we're at right now because we're
guys like so time eight skinny you know
 it
and like all the stars like 50% off I
want to buy it off and if you get
carried tux like
what are you can get the Cure I think
it's only the one which I'm never track
I have been significant can you imagine
getting a card that had that many gift
cards in it
I want to win Starbucks for life this
thing everyone's like winning Starbucks
for life I want to win Starbucks like
what would I do
I would die I'd be packing you actually
register your card there we go hey guys
we are now asking as you can probably
tell being productive Hey all right
there Bell can we please go please have
a Christmas like movie night sushi
why meiotic will get going up
so I went to the Disney Store because I
love funny has actually got my parents
something from there oh and then we got
my dad sometimes he'll we are currently
in foreign exchange hola fix the hair
fixing her redo that update so we went
to Nordstrom Rack yeah my mom to sledder
like a jacket and a cardigan thing which
is super cute I think she like come on
then we were really hungry and we were
like let's get sushi we were spontaneous
spontaneity at its finest my new life
motto that we decided to come to
downtown and get sugar fish I've never
been I have never been but I've heard
it's amazement I'm so excited to
officially try it because I feel like
connected to it although I'm not but I
feel oh this is a good spot excited
excited sorry in the parking garage the
reverb in here is amazing LA traffic for
the win
yeah hey guys so update time we ended up
watching else I don't know I didn't vlog
that I literally didn't I think to vlog
it basically that's all and then I was
going to get ready for bed I didn't I'll
have my makeup on but I just like take
off all this nastiness I was like wait I
have to end my vlog I will see you guys
in tomorrow's vlog I have some more
Christmas shopping to do tomorrow and
yeah I'll see you soon bye hola so
today's part of the vlog is not going to
be much of one basically I'm gonna tell
you what happened today and why I did
not vlog yeah face okay so I actually
did get a couple clips but I like it I
feel like it's so pointless to even
include them because they're like
irrelevant to life basically Ashley and
I each went shopping for each other so
we went to different malls it was good
but I didn't even vlog while I was
shopping honestly I really didn't want
to show you guys what I got her because
I know there's someone out there who
would show her on Twitter or something
and I would be so sad even if I told
Ashley not to watch the vlog there is a
big chance of her like finding out what
I got her and I do not want that to
happen at all so I got her a couple of
things and then I got Kat something I
got my mom a couple things too and then
while I was shopping I'm literally
literally literally carrying about five
or six bags I was exhausted hadn't eaten
all day I was like headed I was too
hydrated I was just like I need to get
home finally make it to my car to find
that I don't have my phone my phone was
not with me I searched every single bag
and I searched my purse like 10 times it
is just a phone you know what I mean but
it's still like I was so tired so it
made sense why I like left it somewhere
then I was like dang that means I have
to go and Ashley never supposed to meet
up for lunch and I was already late so
like dang like I'm gonna have to ask
someone to use their phone so I can let
her know cuz I didn't even know where
the place was long
long story short I found my way back to
a store where I bought something so
that's why I'm not going to say what
store it was but but the point is that I
found my phone so that was very
relieving anyways I'm gonna go I hope
that you guys enjoyed this vlog and I'll
see you guys super soon tomorrow bye
