hey guys so guess who failed at vlogging
today this girl writes her okay so so if
you saw yesterday's vlog I stayed the
night at my parents house because we
were just hanging out and it got really
late it was like midnight or something
and we had to drive all the way back
home so we were just like you know let's
just stay the night why not well
literally at the second that I woke up I
just started editing at my video which
is going up I'm gonna upload it
hopefully in like an hour or so like
really soon so I'm really excited that
was my day I was in my PJs looking a
full fetus like this no makeup hair I
didn't even do it's disgusting like this
is gross you guys are probably like I
never wanted to see that side of you
well in reality and this this is me hi
speaking of it's so funny I've had so
many people ask me like don't you care
that people like are gonna see you like
that and I was like no not really I mean
if I don't care to get ready then I
can't be mad that people see me like
like this point is what am I even saying
right now I don't even know
literally editing all day all day like
all day so that's my not really blog and
since I wasn't ready I kept telling
myself like oh once I get ready I'll
just log and stuff and I was always
planning on blogging I wasn't thinking
of skipping a day or anything it ended
up being late so now is 718 kind of late
I actually thought like wait I should I
should probably like get ready to vlog
like me I could put some makeup on I
could like get dressed and stuff well
the whole point of vlogmas is like to
see our day-to-day lives so this is
usually what I look like when I'm
uploading like days that I upload I
don't do anything except for edit and
upload and look like crap so anyway
Ashley and Matt went to go get Chipotle
for dinner because we are very very
starving and I think we're gonna make
some dessert
watch a movie I have like a chill night
so you guys will definitely be here for
that I am literally a hot mess right now
like I need to take a shower my face
looks disgusting it feels disgusting and
Shh
and yeah that's what's going on I just
finished my voiceover for my video which
is pretty exciting because you
no it usually takes me a long time and
luckily and this time it really didn't
take me too long so pretty excited about
that but I think everything's done I
just have to like rewatch everything to
make sure it's all good and then I'm
going to upload which is super exciting
I don't know why but this week
specifically like mom I upload every
single Saturday but this week
specifically it feels like it's just
been so long since I've uploaded like
I've been really wanting to get this
video up so I really hope that you guys
like it too boat lane is bags
okay so just watch the video and now we
are exporting it and then we are going
to upload yeah yes bruising throws it
don't buy the hairy video plus Chipotle
Road fighting oh my gosh my eyebrows are
so Jake my face is so Jane green oh oh
you guys to go watch it I'm finishing up
my Chipotle and we are watching frozen
vivid Ashley what did you make cookie
butter chocolate chip cookie butter so
and so instead of peanut butter cookies
yeah same recipe but with cookie butter
can I have a bite this is so unsanitary
but this is what we do so mom you
haven't tried it yet that is literal let
me say I love cooking dude that's like
heaven you did the I rolled I mean it's
good so bomb
we all do this i thing what are we
really like something hi guys
so updates time sorry if lighting is
kind of over here so we finished
watching frozen and then I took a shower
as you guys can probably tell and then I
just decided that I wanted to kind of
have like a chill night so I'm just
laying here in bed and I got my laptop
and I'm just about to watch basically
every single video that's end up by
subscription box because I'm just in the
mood to like watching YouTube videos I'm
like hey like why not this is my turn up
Saturday night
basically this is what I do I'm going to
relax and whatnot so that's what we are
doing here yay oh my gosh that's so cute
dude shoutout to you so what is now like
old you my boys are there so it is now
12 34 35 and I am kind of tired so I'm
gonna go to bed I hope that you guys
liked this vlog although I will say I
think this was the worst vlog I have
ever done in the history of vlogs
because it was just not good but I
promise I'll make it up to you guys
sorry the lighting sucks and my face
looks extremely red and yeah anyways
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
