hey guys so today is what's today the
28th yes today is Friday Black Friday
but I already did my Black Friday
shopping if you didn't see my last vlog
that's what that is um we went last
night and right now I'm actually
currently getting ready to film my Black
Friday ho
Chloe's baby rabbit oh you look so cute
next to that bag
oh my gosh they love me back you're
getting so big I don't like it oh hi are
you just chilling today huh just like
we'll get that thing out of my face so I
have a dog in lap and coffee in hand and
this is a boy huh huh chlo-chlo
oh you're so cute look at your hair is
all jank all you need a bath I'll give
you one I'll give you one soon you go
the groomers and we can get another bow
in your hair gosh cutest thing ever you
guys so that's pretty much what today is
I'm just going to film this video edit
this video
I think guess what upload this video and
not only that but we're also gonna film
Ashley's Black Friday haul so hopefully
hers can be up tonight - that would be
cool maybe tomorrow at the latest
I got a new lipstick and it's in the
color snob it's like a bright bubblegum
pink which is like my go-to color so I
would just I kind of splurge and I got
one from Mac because I've really been
wanting like a new one that I just wear
basically every single day so let's see
if it looks good shall we shall we do
that
boom okay let's try this bad boy even
though I'm drinking coffee probably a
bad idea to do that we'll get one more
sip oh my god so beautifully pretty do
you see this dude I fun fact I have
always wanted this lipstick for like a
couple years now but I just never got it
it's kind of hard a mirror I love so
much a double chin right there who don't
treat shot back okay so let's film is
hop let's do it let's do it let's do it
let's do it let's do it
at it oh my gosh halt I like one of my
favorite videos in the world and not
only that but like Black Friday it's
just so exciting it reminds me like what
I got for Christmas videos so okay let's
do this
Ashley is such a trooper okay and then
after this we'll film your video yeah oh
wait Mike I almost forgot okay let's do
this maybe he got everything both of
them check the aftermath of filming Yas
what is that okay guys I literally have
two copies right now I am so awake I am
I hyper I don't think I'm hyper I'm
hyper I'm I'm just rambling and talking
about like caffeine overload right now
anyways I'm about to edit this video
because I need to get it up I had so
much fun last night like we went
shopping and then I slept and I woke up
got my coffee and some comfy sweats
not to rush no stress definitely that is
my motto right now like no stress you
know I feel like I feel like it's so
easy just to get stressed about stuff
and being like oh but no stress no
stress no stress no stress girl you
deserve nothing but the best using that
so a long time no vlog last thing I
believed I was filming my haul that
sounds about right
oh no I just finished but yeah for now
it is a lot later it's 8 o'clock and I
edited and uploaded my Black Friday
hostage to totally go watch that J was
like the upload day because not only to
upload a vlog I uploaded my haul and
Ashley uploaded her video so you guys
should go watch that link isn't it damn
bar and I even make a very small
appearance in her video so you basically
get like three shows in one day so right
now I'm actually on my way to go over to
Mia's because I have not seen her new
apartment yet and I finally have time to
go over there so pretty excited about
that
so yeah do not mind the hair literally
just put it up like in a Jenk bun I'm
wearing my scar from Target if you guys
saw that vlog and then my new shirts
that I got yesterday from American Eagle
along with my American Eagle
high-waisted pants and the target shoes
this is probably like the worst angle
possible to do but whatever we're gonna
work with it and I have an excuse to use
my new bag so I'm kind of excited about
that the first time of many
oh my gosh Ashley look at Chloe she's so
Chilean I'm a baby so I am here with Mei
many memories like nuisance like they
watch me old blog so oh yeah I don't
know you have me me well I am a veteran
on this channel like our apartment and
it is so cute I'm jealous
you guys have to see this view oh my
gosh dude yeah it's a like reflection
but that's okay I'm so jealous you have
like perf lighting whole tree is so cute
it's a beds really having like 12 but
really so yeah we are going to get some
food because we're both really hungry
and we're gonna be basic and go to earth
cafe because cuz we basic cousin hashtag
la hashtag basic hashtag comment is that
common white girl that's not hashtag oh
my girl hashtag trending hashtag we cool
we cool not even cool yeah that's what
we do is that's what we do win and I got
Starbucks in there
haha yes right yeah see but I'm not
getting deserve what are you getting
I don't know what they want yet so I got
a key scintilla and it's like it's
Finnish tortilla that's why it looks
gonna jinx with like green and this you
know yes yes and then a Jasmine green
rude rude I'm kidding I'm kidding
no there's so bomb like I would
recommend that it's ever your first time
just like get the pizza it's so bond so
the sunrise one oh dude I'm still stuck
on that ever since you told me to get
hungry and it's so late oh my gosh 11:16
I still didn't have dinner
shoutout to Alicia's snaps and winter
wonder Dalia so we're back fifty five
and we were wide awake that coffee
though and man was complaining that
like her set up so I was like yeah let's
just rearrange your room tonight like
right now that's all we're doing I'm
pretty excited and I'm really today I've
been so hyper I think I've had like five
cups of coffee and a double espresso
shot I know I'm gonna crush I mean I
don't know we'll see most people say
rearranging her room alright snow did
you hear that accent rolled on the
tongue okay so what are we doing what so
telling what we're doing
okay wait dude my hair always looks so
OnPoint you should it really does nice
looking fun like that am i right ladies
ladies ladies runner I did not yes OMG
yes yeah that's the very middle that
looks so good hey so I don't really tell
but we kind of rearranged her room the
bed it's just like now more in the
middle and then your vanities in the
bathroom
Yolo it is about 3 a.m. now we're still
awake however I'm starting to get a
slight headache because it's late I
guess I don't know oh good morning
so yes we're going Barbie because I want
some breakfast and some coffee
well you actually got dressed
yeah
I'm so excited eight what are you gonna
get
well I think I'm gonna get spinach
better wrap
everything's really running out
so excited
I am less fetus nostalgic sighting we
are going to go out and spend a couple
outfits for me I'm not sure exactly we
were going it but we'll figure it out so
yeah it's just going up on you can see a
much better view during the day because
there's no like lights like reflecting
and stuff do you see that that thing's
kind of small wait for it the Hollywood
sign and you know what I thought of look
to my right and I see the Hollywood star
everybody yeah marmalade we can go to
jig we can go to
anyway what'd we find a baby a baby is
it 30% off that's I guess mr. Black
Friday sale steel Elio
it's cute updates we are at marmalade
get some food for teams but I'm starving
so if you get two tickets this is these
salmon and asparagus barfed and then
emini got a Mac and cheesy chicken with
chicken
I was about to edit my blog from the
past weekend and stuff and I realized
that I did not end the vlog which kind
of sucks because I know you guys don't
like it and I was like oh no and I'm
totally not ready at all right now um
yeah it's Sunday and it's about well no
one it's one o'clock and I got up at 12
I took a shower and my days half a car I
would just continue the vlog like on to
today and stuff however I am doing
homework most today to get ready for the
week I think this is gonna be a very
boring days so I'm not gonna vlog today
and also vlogmas is tomorrow so that
means I have to step on my game and
start vlogging every single day
so yes I'm doing vlogmas um however I
will say I am NOT going to like kill
myself if I don't get a video up
basically because I know you're supposed
to do it every single day up until
Christmas like that's what slog misses
if you didn't know but if I need to add
much rather like take a day off of
vlogmas to focus on my main channel a
little bit so not promising I'll do it
every every every single day however I'm
gonna try my hardest because I really do
want to I think it's gonna be really fun
so get ready for daily vlogs like no
other
do not mind my hair right now but yeah I
guess I'll see you guys in my next video
um and yeah see Biko bye
