oh hey guys so uh Ashley and I are
getting ready to go out and do some
Black Friday shopping so that should be
a very exciting so I think you know why
not bring you guys along because one I'm
sorry I was gone for like a week of my
vlog so hopefully this will make up for
that also you guys have been requesting
it and I thought it'd be really fun to
go out and show you guys the craziness
of Black Friday for all of you who are
smart and did not go but yeah so
hopefully we can get some good shopping
dye which I'm really excited for and
yeah so let's start this crazy night but
first Starbucks because I need coffee so
we're seeing if this Starbucks is open
so we don't have to do the one at the
mall because I'd like it earlier and
it's definitely not open oh oh oh
so parking alone was crazy huh you guys
can tell
pretty busy so come on campus the first
stop is Starbucks because I want me some
star bees okay I think we're gonna cuff
you me yes no choice because hey yeah oh
my gosh shopping like new either right
although are you oh so excited you're
like dead we were driving here and I was
I was like we go they never spell my
name right but that's okay would you get
can you do that face again please
Wow you got a double I had out the other
day or nothing today like the other week
whoo you're about to be so like your
resume so awake right now I got a white
chocolate mocha soy milk and no it's
cream my taste is so I was going to try
to be good and be like oh I'm not going
to get like the normal regular milk so
then
you got this I am pretty good pretty
good it's actually speaks it has agreed
like a week later to it okay so we went
to Victoria's Secret and now we're
deciding where we want to go to next
reading in urban forever t11 reverence
okay do you think you're having like any
deals but they were okay
are you wearing
hey guys so here's Maddie weird of
everyone and like that line though can
we talk about that oh my god how long
have you been waiting long
really okay Lisa oh please moving quick
I mean I would really hope so
so it's actually been only getting one
thing oh my gosh that'd be Ben yeah
buddy like channels or insta or a quinoa
shoutout
um it's naughty come on i'ma call you
soon am here with Karla best employee
ever here just saying oh my gosh we're
talking on the deals that's going on big
crazy though so let's see here yeah it's
really crazy where to retailing if I was
working on Black Friday I think this the
way even reference yeah send positive on
Sportsnet those bumping yeah as I make
that well I got popped advice from you
fellas just saying yeah this is what I
found so far I think it's like freaking
adorable I love that print and I don't
have anything like that and I've been
all about skirts lately nice modeling
man but did you get what you find
I got you
I'm cute
come on oh that's cute my bubbles got a
crop top in that print I'm gonna borrow
that
yeah yeah okay we're in pug shutdown and
I'm at live Lonny pretty samurai think
I've ever heard she's missing
have fun puffin shopping oh my gosh
crazy right
Mike oh my gosh so good luck have fun
David John Shaw maybe we went to Turkey
great for everyone and now we are on our
way to each mint give it they have very
well oh my gosh
boots right okay we're trying to think
about the bookstore we keep blanking
them like what stores are here can't we
be for American deals like on my
favorite store
I got that and that last time I was here
and I love them let's really love them
but I already have them okay so we are
being seen or not even though we just uh
things getting food by the way fun fact
you guys saw the evidence is on Twitter
I do not like
I don't know what it is I'm here like I
feel like I'm the only one who doesn't
like Thanksgiving I would much rather
have
like in and out oh yes I was it was far
oh yeah they're like 60% off the whole
store
Ashley's being a trooper have a Miss
Belle hey you got so good
and come on
cotton on flames ridiculous
oh it seems like
we're staring
do you see how crazy busy.you got oh my
gosh
I'm glad we came early do you see this
oh my gosh I love how Game Stop is like
popping right now faster everyone's
going yeah I think we're done yeah
definitely get some damage and shopping
so that's a halt sadly I think
everything I bought was for me and
perfect infidels well technically I mean
they can City Boston for each other
you know be like oh you bought me an
early Christmas present
yeah we've got each other earlier
because that's an easy way to justify it
again are we I'm so thirsty
okay yeah so we are officially done and
shopping and I really my beard I'm so
thirsty
Ashlee's lagging behind some guys just
made fun of me oh my god
they were like OMG when they walked by
and they like totally looked at me no
just because of a camera out people
think you're like obsessed with yourself
no I'm just vlogging for my Mac babies
because you guys are awesome and can net
we definitely did but I don't feel like
we were here that I mean we're here a
long time but I don't feel like we're
here that long the first stop was like
Starbucks yeah after you wait I'm tired
but I'm yeah my body's tired Henry and
right my cards name is Henry bt-dubs if
you guys didn't know some of you know
he's a Nissan Sentra and he loves me I'm
so tired
use your the coffee like I am mentally
awake but my body's like no my feet
darling my feet hurt so bad mmm
keep begging so here is everything that
we got but a bone but um um but I don't
okay so I thought he ready for bed and
then I was like wait I should definitely
say buying the vlog so this magical
nurse right here this hairdo right yeah
that yeah the don't mind that but
anyways I will see you guys in my next
vlog and I hope that you enjoyed this if
you have not seen at my Black Friday
haul you should go watch it I'll put the
link in the downbar once it's up so you
guys can watch that um and yeah I think
that's all I'll see you guys later
what are you doing just realized I was
gonna like this video if you liked it be
sure to subscribe for my vlogs and I'll
see you guys in my next one bye
