hello everyone and welcome to vlogmas
day 8 I think that what's today yes it
is December 8th which means this vlog is
vlogmas day 8 still have to put up
Pharmacy 7 I'm probably going to up to a
little bit later today which is totally
ok I'm super excited yes
do not mind in the baldness of my
eyebrows right now Kat and I are going
to go get them it's done she actually
came over this morning she's cheated
Chloe out for a second but she did my
nail I do not know what happened last
time but when I went to like the nail
salon literally like a day later they
started turning like a tan color and I
have never had that happen to me in my
entire life so yeah so Kat is amazing
and redid them a full May and we're
going to get our eyebrows done it like I
said because these also Jay they need to
tweeze so bad I know that if you guys
have you been commented like girl you to
fix your eyebrows I totally agreed like
like it was so bad like I like them
stronger however like it was just a
favorite hot mess iodine I agree I've
just been waiting to get them done at us
but that's gone on over here so yeah
what time is it but time's it so is 11
Oh a chat to me apiece right there yes
boom I'm so excited because I like I'm
pumped for a video I have some really
cool ideas that I want to try their new
and different and let's try it right why
why not so I'm excited for that like
what came guy yo I made an order from
B&H because they have the best like
camera stuff yes I spend so much money
that I got like oh they have a reward
thing where however much money you spend
like they give you like credits to the
site stuff and I ended up earning a $50
gift card so it's like sweet I need a
new memory card because all my stuff so
I got a 64 gig I'm so excited that's
gonna hold it so much footage yes so
excited so I got that and then I also
got a little like case to hold all of my
memory cards in that way I don't lose
them because that's something that
happens to me all the time I have like
maybe six of them but I just lose them
all all all the times like a hundred
dollars but I got $50 off so I only paid
40 bucks well it's so cool so basically
just holds eight memory card that's just
like a little case thing so
that's pretty cool okay on our way to
eat that must a male plays super anyway
going to go get tortured basically it's
got heart okay so I'm gonna do my
eyebrows threaded like I was bald
without my eyebrows done I'm just so you
shouldn't being like they will be oh my
gosh I'm so excited like : I have to do
a for now yes oh they're not that one
oh my god I am starting to fight I want
to die ah so she's getting her punch cry
don't cry
look at that yeah Minna cry friends your
turn cats turn hello
so we are home now and yeah filled in my
eyebrows and oh my god how did I go this
long without them being the enter
picture here of how ratchet they looked
before yeah basically watches live so
I'm excited on that seventh then look at
hello
Chloe's why just Oh cute you are so cute
I love you so we are on our way to tour
J because I need to distribute in Merc
because I need to return some things and
then I need to get some stuff for this
week's video choose a very exciting one
I won't tell you what it is exactly
quite yeah well actually it's gonna be
going up next Monday most likely so it's
a little longer than a week sure you
guys will be able to figure it I don't
know we'll see let me know you have any
guesses in the comments below cause
uptown funk don't give it to you don't
believe me just watch gosh a are we
ready are we ready first
what's our foursome I just feel like
some random sub D arise
got some megabytes and some face wash
because I was definitely out of those
and what up oh yeah I could actually use
some foundation because my Mac one does
not match me anymore
I almost said fit me anymore okay so I'm
looking for a frame but I'm not finding
exactly what I was looking for
I lost Ashley where she is right now I
was kind of looking like a bigger frame
than just so many choices I found Ashley
currently looking for nametags for
presents
hint hint wink wink I did however find
frame that I think will work I totally
need a cart like my arm is literally
dead right now yeah Christmas Christmas
kiss my arm is dead strange no biota
village they're so cute
it's one oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh I've been
looking for a planter how do people they
have a pink one oh my gosh as you can oh
that's cute oh my gosh I'm so getting it
oh my gosh I'm so excited
perfect yay all ah successful shopping
trip
I'm so excited like I'm really excited
for this video so you guys should be
excited because I'm excited and if I'm
excited the nautical well I'm always
excited never mind yep so now we're
headed to Walmart because we need some
groceries and stuffs the most wonderful
time thank you
there are frozen cookies what's your
bears do because I block people look at
me like a crispy I'm just different if
YouTube tip number one do you want to be
a youtuber can't care about what people
say for example we're about to walk down
an aisle we're about to walk down an
aisle the key is you don't make an icon
that you keep going you gotta commit to
it you know I mean commitment is key
don't make eye contact once you do
you're screwed okay so having this a
Woma woman I hope it's a Walmart in
forever I finally got more if you guys
have followed me for a while on my main
channel then you would know that this is
one of my favorite gum and the entire
frickin world it's amazing is ice
burgers ice cubes raspberry sorbet boom
get it like it's so good so good hey
guys updates time I totally forgot to
vlog oh no we went to the gym and then
we went on students then we got ready to
we went out to dinner and now we decided
to go on a late-night doughnut adventure
so that's exciting
Yas so excited hallo are you excited are
you so excited
yes that's gonna be the Hummel yeah do
not watch this are you watching me holla
I could follow but really oh my gosh it
smells so good so good guys it's so good
what a movie are we watching no clue
Louise yeah like tire Hanny
let's watch a chick foot yeah Oh our
doughnuts in her spots on the couch oh
yeah so it is now at 12:12 and I'ma go
to bed I will see you guys tomorrow for
another blog my vlog long miss Boggs
yeah see you later bye
