hey guys so today's Sunday and yeah I
have had such a productive morning I am
like pretty proud of myself you guys
should be really proud of me okay
definitely more like morning slash
afternoon because it's almost 1:00 um so
yeah but I have clean in my apartment
I've done laundry I'm doing the dish it
well did the dishes are in the
dishwasher and I totally like cleaned up
and I'm just like I'm on a roll and I
edited and uploaded yesterday's vlog so
that's up you guys should go watch it
I'm like I'm on a roll with these vlogs
guys I'm so proud oh yeah I'm a pretty
excited about that what else what else
what else what else
um I replied to some comments on last
night's video that I uploaded I'm just
like I'm just pretty happy right now as
you can tell I still have a lot of
laundry left to put away but I was just
excited to get it off of my bathroom
floor and my closet I kind of I tried to
clean it up a little bit do not mind
that I tried to clean it up a little bit
because it was ridiculous like there was
literally clothes everywhere you
couldn't even like see anything and then
I'm also hoping either today or tomorrow
to go through all of my makeup and just
get rid of all the stuff that's old
because I went through it and this is
all the stuff that I use on like a daily
basis I mean it's a little more than
what I use on a daily basis um so
obviously I do not need all of this so
that is my goal to kind of organize that
and get this drawer all pretty and stuff
I got this like acrylic organizer a
while ago and I've like yet to use it
because I just need clean it out and
then I have a candle from Bath and Body
Works so it's just kind of right there
so that's what's going on in here my
bathroom is always a wreck um and yeah
clean up my room a little bit and am I
the only one who like when you clean
your room you like watch YouTube videos
because I totally did that all morning
I'll basically just watch every single
video that's in my subscription box like
go down the whole line it's weird I
hardly watch TV anymore I mean I
definitely still have my Netflix binge
sessions because those are just
priceless night you can never get enough
of those bars like daily I would
definitely say that I watched YouTube
videos way more than TV and I'm totally
still in my PJs but do you guys want an
outfit of the morning ish I guess is
that a thing I don't know I totally just
made that a thing if you saw yesterday's
vlog then you would recognize this
cardigan I just put it on this morning
because it's so comfy and I love it I
wear all the time um and then I'm
wearing my Victoria's Secret like sleep
dress whatever you want to call it I
showed this in my night routine then I'm
just
wearing my uggs because egg season is
the best because that's what I'm wearing
right now obviously I'm going to change
later if I'm believing that actually I
should Lee I should definitely leave the
house for some reason even if it's just
to go get Starbucks or something because
I don't want to be home all day I
honestly don't have too much plan today
I just have a lot of homework that's
gonna be due so I have to do it today
like I've procrastinated all week and I
like have to do it all tonight and I
have a lot so that's kind of what my
plan has been for today which totally
makes sense why I'm cleaning because
that's me procrastinating my homework is
that sad I never clean but the one time
I do is because I don't want to do my
homework okay but that kind of makes
sense like legit it makes it heck babies
heck Zoey Oh dog do that her babe is
that heart those are my eggs come here
come here on say hi to everyone
yeah hi hi yes our second summer just
come on Pandora gonna let you stop good
girls are bad girls you have this
Pincott dude I'm gonna be really good
karaoke you like yes and you my friends
watching this look have a karaoke night
like I'm so down girls are bad girls you
have anything caught hey why do you look
so extra cute right now guess you've got
Chipotle I'm so excited
I literally just tweeted that I was
creating this and Ashley was amazing and
brought me some pests so thanks ash you
dab it yo so excited for Santa Paws
Santa Paws fancy pasta
huh that was Toby's it's too big on her
oh hi long time no vlog um it's kind of
late it is almost 11 p.m. I look like a
hot mess my makeup is like off like I
want to take it off you know how like
after a long day the one thing you want
to do is just take off your makeup like
that is me right now um but yeah my mom
and dad came over earlier I forget if I
showed them in a clip or not um but they
came to visit us so that's why I didn't
really block we were just like visiting
and then we went out to dinner
and by the time I came back I had to
work on homework because I had so much
homework I think I mentioned that
earlier in the vlog so I just got done
and now I'm like brain dead and I was
like oh my gosh I totally failed at
vlogging today but then it made me want
to ask you guys do you still like vlogs
when they're shorter like this would you
rather have a vlog every single day
almost guaranteed or or would you rather
have like a couple throughout the week
that are a little bit longer maybe some
of the days are combined and stuff but
yeah let me know because I I think I
would personally like them every singles
death no I could totally see being both
ways obviously I'm gonna try not to fail
at vlogging and I'll actually have vlogs
like good ones all his time but anyways
I think I'm going to take a long bath
and just like totally relax and get
ready for the week because I have a lot
of filming and stuff to do tomorrow so
that's going to be fun tsehai you need a
bath so bad it's okay we'll give you
about tomorrow defin so just doing good
hahaha
you're so cute oh my gosh and look at
these slippers my mom got them for me
this is totally random but my feet in
hands are always cold like always cold
like so bad that we went into the doctor
last year because my mom's for something
was wrong with me - got me slippers
because I was complaining that my feet
were like freezing really bad and they
actually still are freezing but that's
they're literally the most comfiest
things ever they're called slipper socks
so they're kind of like a mix between
both they're so comfy aren't they so
cute oh my gosh I love that they're a
little big on me because I kind of have
small feet above whatever but seriously
they're like the most confusing ever I
love them it's so random but I love them
and they're from Walmart so you guys
should totally go get them and we can be
twinning and oh my gosh like literally
that you guys just go get them trust me
go to Walmart go get them you are going
to be in love
