hey guys oh my gosh
if you guys saw my tweet yesterday I
said I ordered a new vlogging camera the
iPhone 6 was just not cutting him sorry
Apple I really was hoping that it would
um but just the quality was not as good
as I was hoping and now I'm just so
freaking excited because this is pure
bliss do you see this do you see this
like what is life oh my gosh I'm so
excited get ready for like a major
vlogging like I'm so pumped for vlogging
now I like I was on my blogging game and
then when I got the phone I tried
blogging on that like it worked but I
definitely like was gone for a couple of
weeks because I was it was just so much
more I don't know it was just harder for
me to vlog on a phone I know some people
can do it but definitely not me no trash
truck do you hear that I've no idea
anyways quality is freaking amazing can
you like it looks I feel like it looks
like a DSLR uploading dead sister tag go
check go check it no babies
oh you're so cute look at that zoom hey
baby why are you so cute isn't she
getting so big now she's not even fair a
visa right now we are currently and in
the process of finishing up filming at
my room decor video which is going up
tomorrow so you guys should check that
out so whenever you check it out I'm
sorry there's like a flip screen right
here so I can see myself and I keep
looking at it so sorry if I look at it
in the next couple blocks I will try my
hardest not see though Oh cute this
turned out really good we have to hang
this uh where are we putting right here
oh yeah no I like that because then we
can have oh I made like this DIY heart
candy cane wreath thing these little
like vases with the ornaments and lights
and then just some like tips to kind of
decorate your room and stuff and they
owe and then a Christmas countdown that
we have to finish today so so yeah and
everything is basically from Target and
this entire like like lamps all the
pillows except for that one bedding
blanket
pretty much pretty much everything
definitely do you live at target ready
for this ready photos oh I am beautiful
pretty productive pretty productive what
up glow whoa why do you have the lighter
she's like get that thing out of my face
I miss you boo boos oh you're soaked
where's your toy wha where's your Joey
where's your toy wait oh okay he's like
out of play out of play
i'ma play so right now it is 239 and I
am editing I just actually snapped
headed that I was editing and then I was
like yo I should vlog because I haven't
in a little bit speaking of snapchat I
should totally follow me my username is
little lu xi is right there and i have
my story actually public so you guys can
totally like view my story all the time
it's kind of like a mini vlog behind the
scenes thing so like editing fades I was
totally thinking like why can't I have
Christmas lights with that in the
background of my videos it's just so
magical I love it like the twinkling
lights are so mesmerizing and I wish
they could be there in every video but
at least I mean I still have like what
over a month of holiday videos that I
can use that for so I mean like till the
new year so they go sometime but still
hopefully by then I don't know but I
really like this new setup I know I've
done it only in a couple videos but you
guys seem to like it of me like in my
living room and stuff also shout out to
all my new stubby's who found my vlog
channel recently because you had awesome
and welcome to the vlog baby family um
yeah basically just gonna follow me
around what are you eating so quick
wardrobe changes you guys can tell
because I started doing this DIY the
other day and I are like last week that
I didn't finish so we're just gonna
pretend like it was one day but yeah we
are filming a Christmas countdown and
that's what we're doing right now let me
show you what's going on basically we
have this and then I'm going to put this
which is like chalkboard paint here and
they got these really cute like glittery
letters and we're just gonna write days
till Christmas like on here and I think
it's gonna be super super cute like I'm
actually really excited for this DIY
because I know I'm legit going to use it
like
single day until Christmas apparently
this glitter letter package thing only
comes with 1s and we need two for
Christmas so actually how to run to my
goals to go get another packet of those
so that kind of sucks okay guys funny
story yeah
earlier I was like oh I had to film the
countdown in two days but it's a cable
just act like it's the one well I'm like
editing the footage right now and the
first day like it's so obvious that it's
different because like all of the
studying like props and stuff are like
completely different oh really
Merc like it's so bad like it's really
really bad okay just like there's a
present the lights are on the floor um
then there's a Merry Christmas sign that
you'll see hopefully in two seconds ish
right there Merry Christmas sign here's
the second day there's literally only
one thing that's completely different
and this part isn't like color crafted
yet but but what guys oh my gosh is
gonna have a game and just see who
notices you know what I mean like that
would also be really funny cuz my guess
is most people really won't notice even
though it's gonna be completely obvious
to you guys and to me when you watch it
like when it's done so that was a major
fail on my part okay legit every single
video there's something that's wrong
with it that just legit doesn't make
sense if you really think about it most
people don't notice because it's like so
minor but usually I notice them every
single time I don't know though this is
this was kind of a big one so we'll see
well we'll see who notices a coffee so
bad
ooh me too
we are in line sorry
it's crazy
only when I push Mountain that was fun
we got wet Ashley got like soaked
so she's freezing right now guys it's so
much - can this be the background of my
videos okay the parade even the cheese
upper a she's kind of code
now we're walking this is my world
because this legit like very magical
over here
hey um yeah magical Christmas is in like
six weeks
what up guys so we are back at the
apartment now and I figured I would just
end the vlog here and say goodbye to you
thanks for watching one channel to
everyone who I met there you guys were
awesome it's so sweet thanks for saying
hi tomorrow the day that I'm uploading
this I'm planning on uploading a video
on my main channel so you should
probably get two videos and one and yeah
oh and also today Ashley uploaded the
sister tag like I showed you earlier so
I'll have the link to that mignon bar if
you guys don't watch that too um and
yeah I will see you guys in my next vlog
which hopefully is like tomorrow or
really really soon so yeah bye those
weird
