hey guys and happy vlogmas oh my gosh is
vlogmas day 1 if you do not know what
vlogmas is it's basically where a lot of
us youtubers do it and you vlog every
single day until Christmas so it's
basically 25 blogs like a daily CH
craziness so it's gonna be awesome I'm
really really excited and try my hardest
to do every single day however I'm not
gonna like hate myself if I don't upload
a day just because I would much rather
focus on my other channel so if you're
excited for vlogmas
thumbs up this video let me know in the
comments and yeah it's gonna be so much
fun let's see what today has in store
for us seriously I'm going to make
coffee because I have not had any today
yet um it is almost 12:00 man I thought
I was having a productive morning but
apparently not as productive but Ashley
actually has class right now and she
dropped Chloe off at the groomers so I'm
waiting for them to call me and tell me
when she's ready to get picked up she's
gonna look so cute you guys I was
excited we are having a donut shop blend
today generic brand for the win cuz it's
cheaper yeah so excited I'm gonna take
advantage of these cyber monday sales
going on right now because he doesn't
like shopping he knows honey lately like
the past week I have been in such an
online shopping mood like no other and
it's crazy like I wish it was really
random cuz normally I prefer shopping in
store but lately I've just been like I
just want to cuddle in bed with my
coffee and my PJs and do some online
shopping so it totally worked out being
like the week of Cyber Monday and Black
Friday and stuff so I already placed two
orders last night one on Urban
Outfitters so I bought some shoes and
two pairs of socks for like a hundred
dollars which was a really good deal and
then I placed an order on Victoria's
Secret online of course you guys know I
love Victoria's Secret Pink it's like
heaven to me but I was really bummed
because I just like checked out so fast
because things were selling out and I
forgot to put in like two promo codes
where I got some free stuff so the day
so I might make another order on there
if they have some stuff left I'm trying
to think of like other stores that I
shop at I don't know like I haven't
really online shopped in a while so I'm
trying
think of the stores that I'm like oh I
need a shop there let's be real I don't
need to do any of this shopping in
reality I should totally get some my
Christmas shopping done yeah should do
that
ok so currently drinking my coffee yeah
and shopping online and like I said I
think I said earlier um okay so like I
predicted I'm back on the curry a secret
so I'll show you what I found
let me know if this is cute or not so I
found this top and it's like a really
cute pin it's like the it's like a
varsity like really baggy shirt but I
got it in like a teal color and then
this jacket button gray and this almost
like a hoodie so I prefer the zipper one
that's firm which is why I got that but
I also really liked this one because it
was just like a hoodie and then some of
the leggings and they're like black and
gray which I thought was really cool I
think I'm gonna get rid of this guy
because I'd much rather have a zipper
one and the place where Chloe's calling
so I should go into that so I can go the
car on my way to go get Chloe so excited
it like rained all day yesterday and
even rained like last night like it's so
weird at least and I gotta like every
bad oh you're so little they trimmed you
up we got our teeth barrage shall we say
hi oh ho ho we did not like it did we
you're so little they trimmed you up all
good did look how can you we are Oh
y'all got all trimmed up we're not
raggedy anymore did you hate it
were you prissy were you sassy with them
I bet you were you little sassy pants
look at her little bow guys so when you
have a photo shoot Instagram - you wanna
hear yeah and the road racing starts I
love it cuz you can hear like the bells
coming
really need to clean like my room the
whole apartment like everything just
really messy I'm so I think we're going
to do that's right now and I also need
to go through my closet and like it give
away a whole bunch of clothes so maybe
that's what I'll do it now um because
there's no room for my new clothes so
I'm just like okay I need to like give
these away I'm sure someone else could
use them way more than I can cyber
monday has been a great to me I made one
too
okay we shopped at Victoria's Secret we
shopped at Bourbon Outfitters we shopped
at Free People
- the other day I actually went through
and got out a lot of stuff that I want
to give away and then I still have like
one and a half more drawers to go
through how much clothes guys I just do
skirts I use this in my Halloween the
costume thing I've had it for like five
years
by the time say goodbye now it's time to
tackle the closet seriously I have so
much clothes that like I have tags
almonds that I've never worn and this is
taking up space and like I said I feel
like someone else could use it way more
than I can so messy
we're just going to we're just going to
get into it like just hardcore let's do
this so do to do to do to do okay in
this dress for sure toss like I don't
even know how you're supposed to wear
this has a tag on it - oh my gosh I got
this for my spring lookbook I love this
dress I will wear again soon I totally
forgot about that oh my gosh in this
dress you haven't even worn it yet sell
the tag what the heck
Nolita this is not okay I love this
dress but it's kind of short so I think
I'm going to toss it yeah it's it's like
it's way too short mer okay as much as I
love this halter I worn it so many times
this past summer but I feel like I've
like worn it out so it is a toss the cha
I have not worn this in the longest time
ever I think last year for
back-to-school it was the last time that
I wore this one is a toss haven't done
shoes yet but I think that might be
another day just because it's kind of
crazy two full bags later I have a lot
more stuff to add to the giveaway app
I'll bring this over here boom dude that
I feel so good right now update and
guess who's here
pick up any get hairs drinks mutt oh we
Khloe's here Maui baby and me me I
forgot I got scratchers we are going to
get some food because we are very very
very hungry I'm from scratchers talking
that's what it looks like say five
daddies I mean it looks kind of weird
oh so we are at and I got some
veggie soup that looks bomb tastic
Mimi what'd you get I thought the first
kid we're gonna eat yeah and then I
don't know what but volcania sniffing
awesome and that's my new motto so pop
new did I miss Kay who knows what could
happen right now we could you go see
Papa we go to Divya now you go to the
beach of boba we could do lots of sexto
so let's go in Sam
guys I'm sad you're having Arfa Oh
couple of episodes so good nose like
caramel apples what we get over here we
have too much very tightly closed and so
close aren't you sad we are at Downtown
Disney spontaneousness is amazing wait
you decided since there were no caramel
apples Joe why don't we just go to
Disneyland and get them because they
have literally the best kind but this is
really bad because there's a red time
there so we're coming Johnson Disney
this is that is closed as a half an hour
ago
but like you had is he still open for
another 30 minutes they're like yo let's
just go and find him because that sounds
awesome
why are they not walking with me
I see
so we've realized
and
midnight blue you and I believe bonds
doesn't have extra large margin they
only have a nilly have lollipops here
Asian decide we're going to go to we're
going to the place because I bombed off
to believe it but they closed in 13
minutes so we're going to try their
pretty here I know
no telling Finland a standard caramel
apple and then because I come to
standards I reward myself with a
chocolate pretzel
I'm so excited right now you don't even
know what you do know so you saw me cry
when I walked into the cooking place so
I ate off snows but other than that we
are about to we are about to eat this
magical mist okay how much are you
loving life right now is it just so
magical so magical and we're sitting in
the most magical downtown place as there
ever is guys it was so good I saw half
of it left oh I don't want to eat it off
that would you have so we just got more
magic eye magic and laughs frozen ice
rink you guys it's so pretty here it's a
food fun fact about me I used to ice
skate blares hey hey this is my blog
hello drink in my hand
nobody help me some winter is a good
time updating me in summer and I'll be
everyone staring you guys look me there
too
doing gamma so it is now 1:32 a.m. and I
just finished editing today's vlog and I
just going to say buying this one so I
really hope you like today's vlog and a
day what a vlogmas super exciting so I
will see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog and I'll see you guys later bye
