hey guys so today's Wednesday
um and we I'm so tired I've not had
coffee yet hopefully I can get some
right now because that's amazing black
cat is here and we are going to get our
nails done because he's all jank like
really I need to feel so bad and this
one broke like I purposely purposely
have tried not to show it in videos
because it's batching so I'll like
switch hands if I'm showing something or
whatever so that's what's going on but
we went to the nail place and it was not
open yet so we're going to go to Target
because it's right here um and I have
stuff to get for filming today because
there's a lot of filming today it really
hoping to like be more awake but I am
right now I'm so light so like it's 9:00
like Lita come on we got we got Target
adventures numero 100 on this channel
but you know but that's okay
the best I like coming here early too
because there's like not that many
people here any means Delta section oh
my gosh oh my god how much is it a
dollar is it legit at all I will get it
back three bucks oh it isn't three
dollars oh this is a dollar section it's
been looking for legging got some gloves
and I want black for sure sweet these
usually have like the cutest boots
does like come they're really comfy that
is so cute oh my gosh I really really
want it so far I literally have socks
tights two things leggings and like
three pairs of gloves and those are cats
moccasins but really like I think it's
kind of obvious that's I want to be warm
I'm totally gonna go get a coffee right
now from Starbucks because I am in you
so I'm gonna get copy do you want some
yeah okay
boom getting them they're so cute right
this winter and ideas are what oh my
gosh yes feel that they're so soft they
look so soft
oh my gosh oh my god which is life so
we're going to the beauty section have
some concealer cover these bad boy oh no
we're going to get coffee options okay
coffee yeah um did you perfectly oh I
can tell lighting is perfect
I'm concealer what brand the Maybelline
rewind over here yes
let's see please oh yeah because I liked
how it looked just like plain yeah I
think I'm gonna get it I really need one
I purposely will left the jacket like on
top of some other random jackets I was
like if it's here when I come back then
it's a sign and it was here so is that a
sign that's a sign that's good stuff
yeah dude I need to start fight and I
realize my booze is so cute I should
have gotten a cart
what up guys so we're back at the
apartment
um and got my nails done super exciting
they actually looked white now like
before they were definitely not so I'm
kind of excited about that yeah totally
like hardly any makeup on right now and
then I also got petit which is just a
French tip so it's like not that special
it had been away too long
so no more Jake nails and Ashley are
going to be filming but before that I
got to get a little more ready because
my hair is not ready and my face is not
ready Chloe what are you doing by my
purse huh you look like you were just
caught doing something or about to do
something
okay so we're filming some like beanie
shots and some boot shots and socks
shots so so we're doing we're getting a
whole bunch of like fashion essentials
and stuff filmed right now boom let's do
this
beanie so like kind of close it up and
I'll just be like modeling the beanie
so having a quick lunch break because is
a lunchtime I made some a healthy
chicken fried rice which is Ruthie bomb
so excited for that
I really hope you guys like this video I
don't want it to be like to rush I don't
know I hope it's good
um but yeah oh hey oh hey what we do it
we're putting on tight right now we have
two outfits to film dirty line
humming I'm a nightmare dressed like a
daydream so we're on our way to like a
little outdoor cute place that has like
Christmas tree and stuff to get all of
the shots filmed there because I was
gonna go to a park but I was like no
this is winter themed it needs to be
like wintery so hopefully like lighting
is good I am praying that lighting is
good but like I've told you before with
the time change like things are sketched
now so you don't really you don't even
know you can't trust the Sun anymore so
yeah that is what we're doing and then
yeah and then right now we're filming
the two outfits which we're gonna just
like hardcore like get them done my
battery is going to die okay can all
plug long because that is going down but
should we found this really cute or to
mention that hell does very wintry at
Christmas esque so we're gonna film
Cartman outfits boom here and yeah
that's okay bye okay so as you can tell
jerk I mean it's not that's our fault
like they turn all the lights on it
that's it looks really really pretty I
look like oh I do that music and I
decided that it's cool long story short
I left a jacket at home so there's no
way of knowing that tonight through door
pole so we're like let's just wake up
early tomorrow and then I decided I'm
just gonna edit on the plane like I have
to transfer the whole files and
everything from my desk talk to my
laptop which is kind of a pain which is
why I was really hoping to get
everything done tonight um but I think
it's just not worth the stress of
staying up all night that way I can just
edit on the plane the entire time and I
feel like it'll be a lot less just full
more time to edit that way it'll be even
more amazing nutcrackers I posed next to
them in the video I was like these scare
me so bad right now like how is that not
scary just like ROM you but I remembered
I haven't shown you what I got from
Target yet so I figure don't do that now
kind of like a mini target haul I guess
you could say make sure I don't cover
the mic like last time so these are the
boots that I showed you and I'm so
excited for them they're like lined
inside I think they're super cute they
remind me of the brown boots that Ashley
has and I've been looking for a pair of
boots that look just like hers but that
are mine so when I saw these I was like
oh I really really really want them and
yeah so I got those I got this black
beanie because I thought I didn't have a
black beanie but then epic fail I came
home and I was like wait I totally have
one but it's okay cuz these are really
cute they have them in like every single
color and then I found this scarf and it
was the only one that looks like this
and it totally reminded me of like Urban
Outfitters like it's really thick it's
really cozy and I just loved the print
of it and stuff so I saw that and
pictured it with the beard so I was like
okay I can totally see an outfit so I
got that um and then this was not
justifiable I
got three pairs of gloves I got these
like teal ones and they're touch screen
compatible some black ones and both of
these were only like three dollars but
then I got these and I think these are
closer to twelve but aren't they so cute
or fingerless gloves but then they're
like mittens also if you just unbutton
that I thought they were so cute then
over here uh-hum I got a pair of
leggings under like fleece lines so
inside they're super warm then I got a
pair of tights and these are also fleece
lined so they're just warmer tights and
stuff and then I got another pair of
leggings and these I don't know if you
guys can tell but they're actually like
sweater material leggings so they kind
of look like just footless tights but
they're like really thick um so I
thought all of those would be perfect
for this weekend and then I got another
pair of socks but they're just like
plain grey socks but they're super thick
they're like really warm and cozy um and
then random pack over here um I got some
a travel makeup wipes because the
Neutrogena ones are my favorites and for
traveling they're just like small and
easy to carry so as you guys saw I got
that's and I ended up getting the UH
like a brightener illuminating one so I
got that got some batteries because my
headphone the worst thing ever is being
on a plane and you're like headphones
dying or just like no so I made sure to
get extra batteries and I believe that
is everything that I got oh no no duh
right here okay so I did end up getting
the jacket that you guys saw and I tried
it on and I loved it but then two
seconds later I realized that this one
is actually missing a button
okay so updates I'm currently packing
ashley is being amazing and helping me
she's better in the world
Chloe is trying to help but she's not
helping too much cuz you're so cute you
just sit there distract me we've made a
lot of progress everything was on here
and now in there oh my gosh I'm getting
so excited
I haven't feeling this is definitely
gonna be over 50 pounds or or any of
this my room is so lazier nope
I think I have my outfits for the plane
figured out tomorrow um I just need a
shirt to go with it what are you doing
what are you doing is currently for 49
a.m. and I am still up I don't know why
I am still up I've been crazy editing
because they really wanted to get this
video done around like 1231 I was like
okay I probably go to bed you know I can
get up early just edit on the plane all
day but then it hit me and I was like
wait I'm flying a different airline I'm
not even sure if they have outlets on
this one I'm sure enough my flight
tomorrow does not have outlets so I'm
kind of bummed about that apply it's
only five hours it's not too bad it'd be
better if my battery lasted that whole
time realistically it's only gonna last
like two to two and a half hours
hopefully three so I'm just transferring
it over to my laptop and yeah hey guys
so I'm in New Jersey which is exciting
um yesterday I got in I didn't vlog I
meant to have a vlog up the day I'll
walk in vlog I meant to have one up I'm
with ya
um yeah I didn't have one up yesterday
but it was like very unblock worthy so
new morning I think so I have a key so
we good it's way too dark in here
getting some food hey guys
so we are here on the floor Leila
driving so much fun I've never become ah
she loved my blogs don't like you know I
have a youtube channel is oMG Broncos
and
