good morning I look rough that's why I'm
wearing my glasses that makes a little
better good morning guys and welcome to
vlogmas day 3 sorry guys were already
three days in what Oh today's our last
day at the cabins we're gonna be heading
out soon we have to like pack up this
place is a mess we've so much to do
literally all freakin morning I have
been editing my main channel video it's
roommate Wars holiday edition I'm so
excited by the time you see this video
it's already gonna be up something link
in the description box go watch it so
I'm kind of like getting up vlogmas day
two don't hate me that is why but is why
also can we talk about the fact that I
literally wear this sweatshirt every day
every day every day since Black Friday
pretty much update time that was a puppy
doo doo doo doo it's been a bit since
I've lost yeah we can course we can
share update time so it is a lot later
where it's hard very sad for this we
have an epic target of interesting guys
because have a new target adventure with
you I have never had I let me nose hair
to be right now okay so we came back
from Big Bear obviously and now I was
like how do you go Target where we need
to go to Target and me I wanted to go to
Target we were like let's go to Target
yeah it's literally the first official
decor shopping during vlogmas okay
so cream do we like this I like the
colours of it I just don't really care
for the deer but I do like fur like
downstairs downstairs so it's really
hard to decorate for the living room
because of the pink walls red looks
horrible like it it just does not look
cute so I think the living room is gonna
be very green white and pink this one's
cute that one's cute really cute I
really like this is this green well it's
green berry you bear it or you can do I
like a reindeer anything very fast
sorry gizelle we're getting rid of you I
don't even know if it's a gazelle that
Sherman Sherman's cuter than Sherman
likes room on her man shirt
this is cute holy what two of those Remy
this looks like something you would have
but he said a really ugly can you think
you're at school and you get tired thing
wait next next year you'll see my DIY
school okay so definitely need a
stalking my room's pretty much done but
I wanted to stalking on the fireplace so
what kind should we owe that oh this
one's cute too eh
I actually kind of like that I think
it'd be a cute pop of color little pop
pop of color I like that but I also do
like the white wants to shoot us cute
I've known about green lately I don't
know I guess I'll get this okay where
are we going now where's your next
adventure takeout night No okay what
else do we need you do I need any
personal things I don't need deodorant
already about tampons I'm sorry I just
ran me over cart
I need hangers let me guess they're out
out of my hangers
I'm then desperate need of new hangar
hey Jen I like 7,000 I have so many I'll
give you so many taller than me is that
closet really yeah I know I really do at
first glance I thought this was you I
think I like this but does that look
good with I think that's too much Hawaii
maybe I'll just return stuff it doesn't
look good no no no I don't know I'm just
gonna I'm something good I feel like
this would be super cute our entryway so
cute like this would look really good
living room
on the white couch dawn I lost my
friends but I hear them know what that's
cute oh my god nice oh there's all of us
in a shirt update this is the cart let's
go pay $0.10 oh just get it going the
make up section
I always love coming to the makeup aisle
because of the good lighting up of good
lines the lighting right now
the lighting I'm looking I'm looking I
got a check that you get them cookies
girl girl girl girl yeah it's got the
dough yes you got the dough yeah who got
the dough yeah means up no way hey
targeted for just hey these are so
freaking cute all want them so we're all
gonna get them and have friendship boots
yo Dawg them to another episode of
bullet fit the cankles
how much cuter my outfit is now yeah
well if you look trendy buy one get one
50% off lady I broke it I think it looks
like a lot but it's only just the
pillows I wanted to create the living
room like I said cool
there's the goods yay update time
obviously and back home and it feels so
good I'm about to go to bed I am so
exhausted and so tired so I'm gonna end
this vlog right now sorry if it's on the
shorter side but yeah I love you guys
happy vlogmas day 3 and i'll see you
tomorrow for vlogmas day 4 love you guys
bye ok good morning guys good morning
guys and welcome developing the state to
trying to figure out how to work this
coffee machine and should I do is fight
the best I don't oh my god there's
coffee in my onesie in places coffee
should not be please that's no good
