hello youtube world the day is I want to
say the 60 the 50 it's Saturday
um if you were wondering huh so yeah
today we're just kind of chilling you
got a late start
I slept in way later than I should have
I was totally planning on like getting
up at like 7:00 like getting up early
and uploading my paw like editing and
then uploading and then editing my other
video all day and the next thing I know
it's like 10:00 and I'm still laying in
bed so you have almost 1 o'clock so it's
kind of a late start however I already
edited and uploaded it yesterday's vlog
so that's up if you haven't seen that so
you should check it out my last vlog and
we ended up going to Disneyland last
night if you saw that so I think that's
why I was just like really tired I just
definitely slept in but it's ok it's the
weekend right so cool oh we and I are
just kind of chillin right now Ashley is
actually in LA for the entire day so
it's just that weird today also sorry
that yesterday's vlog too audio was like
kind of weird I think I was covering the
mic and it took me like forever to
figure out where exactly that is
hopefully it's good times
um but yeah sorry about that so here's
what's going on I still have quite a few
things left to film before I can upload
my DIY room decor so I think that's just
basically what its gonna be like and
it's weird because Ashley's not here to
help me and normally she helped me with
like every video so it's gonna feel like
a throwback to like when it was just me
filming everything like tripod and stuff
so we can see how that goes hopefully
it's not a total disaster guys one of
the like bulbs I like I was being stupid
totally my fault I was like on my
headboard and I pulled it off because I
wanted to put it like on the blanket to
get the shot on that and then I was like
don't really like paying attention and I
guess it got caught and I yanked you
hard and one of the bolts came out but I
cannot get it back in so now the lights
will not let out I don't dude look at
least out here for like 10 minutes
trying to get this to work like I know
what's wrong I just need to fix it and I
can't fix it Murp Murp Murp
so yeah oh my god everything else 18
sorry I'm totally like rockin out here
so right now oh my god look at that face
you look like my next mistake wanna play
do you guys see my awesome outputs for a
weekend so it's gonna be forever and
like waiting for a neighbor to walk by
me just you like yeah yeah I think I
have I mean like for the most part or
anything I just I really need these
lights to work so I mean I have these
ones in my tree so I think what's gonna
have to happen is me take those out and
put them in the garland to ignore my
headboard because I still need like one
more shot for that making some coffee in
my Christmas mug coffee is my face so
excited so it's now 5:20 and I've
literally just been editing all day I
was really hoping to have this that's by
like four and obviously that's not
happening anytime soon
I stopped to do the voice-over and then
just like a couple minor minor details
okay realistically I'm seeing like seven
fabric hardcore that's what this coffee
is for hopefully you guys it's so bad
Ashley's gone for not even a full day I
mean she would she'd left this morning
like 7:00 a.m. she'll probably be gone
for like 12 hours and the permit is a
wreck I'm scared to know what my
apartment would look like if Ashley just
left here because it would be so messy
like really really bad
heck no what are you doing what are you
doing
wanna switch spots you can edit for me
this order is so comfy
okay so I'm gonna drink my coffee and
hardcore edits like the last like just
like the next hour like hardcore edit
one hour I can do this
and then hopefully I can upload and be
done and you guys I'm gonna hurry so I
don't procrastinate any longer each
update all I have left is the voiceover
and the thumbnail to make so I'm doing
the voice-over right now and I just
messed up about like 20 bajillion times
that's usually how my voiceovers go but
I thought it'd be funny for you guys to
see an actual like behind the scenes of
filming a voiceover because I feel like
most people think it's just kind of like
a one-take like it doesn't really take
that long I don't know about every other
youtuber but for me it usually takes
quite a while because I am such a
perfectionist I want everything perfect
so there's any other youtubers out there
who hate voiceovers please let me know
in the comments so I feel better about
myself because that way takes me so long
to do voiceovers and it's kind of sad
please don't fall please don't fall
wait let me actually do that huh I got
so the very first DIY are these ornament
bases and they are some of my favorite
ones just kidding some of them my
favorite ones really make sense
look at make sense but didn't really
make sense okay we're good so the very
first DIY are these ornament vases and
these ones are one of my favorite DIYs
personally one of my favorite DIY is
because they're so easy to make but they
definitely give that holiday spirit so
all that you need all that you all that
you need all that you need take three
already made like ten of them because
they're so easy and they're really
awesome oh dang it dang it dang it I
have the whole thing so for these first
DIY I'm going to show you how you can
make these well that you need all that
you need all you need all that you need
all that janeanmart Geismar done the
first voiceover clip this is ridiculous
we can make just even Chloe's laughing
at me right now look and yeah it's
really self-explanatory all you're gonna
do is be to do are you guys I got the
first voiceover clip done took like 30
tries but that's okay I got it right
time for the second one okay so I'm
finally done with the voiceover and I
jinxed myself at 7:32 and I was hoping
to have it like
by now but it's a great voiceover it's
done all I have to do left it do the
thumbnail so a video that is 7 minutes
and 44 seconds literally looks like this
if you're ever wondering what it looks
like and I've been working on this for
the past couple of weeks so that's like
hours and hours and hours of work so I'm
gonna wash it back one more time to make
sure everything is good and then we're
going to upload yeah it's up guys
excited it only took forever
the crafty person let me uh mute that so
you don't hear my boys talking like
twice so it is now 834 and literally I
woke up at 10 I started editing and
filming and I've been doing that all day
welcome to the life of a youtuber
literally I was like a hobo right now
okay my hair like I didn't even do it
I'm kind of oily merps don't mind that -
huge oversized sweater TMI I'm not even
wearing a bra yeah if you wanted to know
that so basically my outfit is on points
yes I have shorts on there there's some
where there is been me all day but
basically that is the truth about
youtubers and the life of youtubers we
just edit all day almost to a million
subscribers I think I'm going to die if
that happened like oh my gosh oh my gosh
I literally mind blown by that I can't
even like fathom that number that's
crazy to me replying to comments I'm
probably gonna do that for the next
couple of hours
realistically I should do homework but
let's be real I'm not going to so you
guys would be so proud of me I'm
actually doing something with my day
literally like I have not left the house
and I feel weird like I feel this way
every day that I upload because normally
when I upload I like just editing like
all day so I'm like I need to get on
that luckily Ashley texted me and was
like hey have you got dinner I'm really
hungry like let's go somewhere some like
yes please so I'm waiting for her to
come pick me up so I figured I'd give
you guys an outfit of the night if you
would like so I'm wearing this sweater
cardigan thing I showed it in my ball /
winter haul some Urban Outfitters and I
love it but I haven't like worn it out
yes kind of finding like the right
outfit to pair it with and stuff so I
think I think I did a good job but yeah
anyway so this is from Urban Outfitters
this tank top is from forever 22 this is
from Charlotte Russe No
oh wait oh yeah it's from forever 21 and
then so is this skirt it's fine I also
showed this in my hall it's just a plain
like plaid skirt and I love it it's so
comfy and I have worn it so many times
my shoes are from at JustFab and my
socks are from forever 21 I believe the
ones I was wearing earlier yeah that
isn't the object and I think we're going
to guard house that sounds good I don't
care I smell food like I'm really hungry
cool okay we are on our way to yard
house
no you I started vlogging I already
uploaded yesterday's geography I'm on am
re-uploaded that's literally today
the veil
but
No
like throwback we were literally having
like a karaoke
Oh
