hey guys my day is pretty much been gone
already so my morning consisted of about
eight or nine episodes of Gossip Girl
editing and uploading a vlog and kind of
just chillin yeah but really that's all
I ever think of this morning but I'm on
my way out too because Ashley and I are
going to go to Panera
I'm starving she already ate but I like
I'm really hungry and there's no food in
this house whatsoever though when you go
grocery shopping not sure that's gonna
happen right now or later or whatever
but I'm gonna go to Panera I really bad
because that sounds that's so good like
you don't even know and I should go to
Target too because I have some stuff
that I need to get umm and yeah get my
shoes o night I'm so jealous of your
lighting in here Ashley I know but now I
kinda love this
who's that uh Chloe Nick who is hi baby
come here cool everyone's they had a
cola we pretty sure that's her name hey
come here
take your toy why do you like my shoes
so much they're not your toys here hold
a little last ball hey that's not part
you are so cute my vlogs are about to be
like a million times more interesting
now that we have you look at that booty
ooh so cute
hey don't bite me who is that for it's a
boy it's almost lunch time for you I
cannot wait until she gets the rest of
her shots because then we can actually
like take her out and take her just like
Starbucks the boy poses so until then
she has to stay here we can't bring her
anywhere can't let her go outside or
anything oh we built her this playpen
wanna see it so cute oh my gosh so
originally we wanted just to picket
fence but she is small enough to fit
through the squares right there so we
had to put cardboard there she's like
don't leave me Mom
don't need me she needs it back lot
twist what you said you go to em now
instead not the healthy option are you
excited yeah so this is happening
you cannot forget the vanilla shake
Paula and there's about overs down here
proverbs 3:5 Oh awesomeness
okay we're gonna go okay everything is
done
so when home goods now yeah I would say
we're getting some shopping done but
unfortunately nothing is like so you
know I go shopping and you're like
expecting to spend money but of course
time you actually have money you know
things nothing standing out that's me
right now I'm here at Arlene she just
changed her room and I'm wanting to
change my room shh don't tell anyone yet
so we're both kind of looking for some
stuff so we're not finding that much
Merc Merc she has a channel by the way
cut the link in the downbar go check it
out look at this adorable fan like it
since legit like how cute is this you
should get it it's so random like I mean
everything is before it's adorable
update Brad Arleen's now and we are
filming her an epic night routine for
school videos so now it's official I set
in a vlog that means you have to do it
pretty excited got my ass director
Alicia over here and come talk to her
and stuff I'm having fun all know I feel
like fun I like filming I'm a nerd I'm
into all that stuff um because every day
yeah my videos yes is it good it's gonna
be good she just changed her room I'm
naked MMH name may look truly this is
what I would want in a room like there's
wood floors it's all white and looks
freakin amazing you have a window
perfect for lighting ah I'm so jealous
and they're still looking at oh this
will mirror here that's why it's so
bright in here I love it oh love the
looks of course we had to
stop somewhere stop my star bike that
extra good today I don't know what
you're really good my name is really
good today it still is really good it's
not Konya I did put a little extra
Stevie J are they warehouse
ok so much stevia like I really think
this little thing and she like pours
half of it of course so much to get the
powdered kind of about the not get it
right how P the powder pen just like
this lighting perfection I was really
really the sorry chest we're gonna go
down oh yay so update very very
productive I'm excited to see this video
so yeah I'm gonna go home now just
update you guys tried to do some editing
but I can't multitask anymore if you
guys me don't lie creeped out why you
can just see my head like right there if
you guys think early need to start
vlogging yeah Tom in common okay
I would totally want your vlogs like I
would be that person like devoted every
more I mean like where's our these long
I would love your plug hey anyways hey
guys so update time excuse the fetus
Ness kinda late I got back from Japan
while ago and I was just doing some
homework and then I realized I did not
think by in this vlog so I'm just gonna
say by now so yeah bye I'll see guys
hopefully really soon with another vlog
yeah see you later
hi
