oh hey guys what are you having plans
for today I think it's cool how like you
didn't watch my vlogs and like see what
I'm doing throughout the day or week or
however many days I put in one vlog and
stuff I don't know what you guys do each
day so maybe we can start a thing right
each vlog you can like tell me in the
comments like what you're doing or like
what are your plans are or what your
plans aren't or I don't know anything
like that currently eating some milk
chocolate raisins because they are bomb
oh what's funny is I love dark chocolate
like that's my love that is my life but
when it comes to chocolate covered
raisins I prefer the milk all the way I
do get like melts in your mouth more
y'all so bub oh you what are you doing
you love me guess what else happened
today
Oh Ashley you want to tell them Ashley
Mir what uh what happened today you want
to tell them what happened
I feel actually bad yeah I always get so
many questions from you guys like when
is actually gonna start uploading videos
like did she stop is she like not doing
YouTube anymore and stuff well first of
all if you didn't know this is actually
we look together
she's my sister she is my older sister
I'm pretty sure this is my fault the
reason why she hasn't made videos is my
fault because we've been like working
really hard on my channel so she helps
me film and stuff they didn't do that
I'm guessing most of you did so I'm so
sorry for stealing her but I promise
I'll share her now so you guys can get
some videos on her channel and I'll have
the link to her channel and a
description of bucks of a disavow it
should go check them go check it out go
subscribe cuz it's good oh no guys
should I what side you in Walker um I
don't care what do you think I wish that
we go the right side cuter but there's a
lot more people like sitting out oh
that's okay stop question I have some
footage at that rice festival that I
just kind of told you guys about for a
fall outfit but I feel like it's getting
too late for fall outfits however I
really want to upload it because the
footage is so good so I don't know if I
should or not but let me know if you
guys don't wanna see that video so
that's kind of what we're doing right
now so yeah hopefully you guys want to
see it if not then uh they want to see
but like is it too late is it too late
for fall I feel like it should be winter
but the Alpha is definitely not winter
so yeah but it's like legit footage so
we'll see he is so proud of myself I
just walked past like a million people
and I am so vlog guys look at the
pumpkin they're so cute so yeah
yesterday was a Halloween a very
uneventful everyone's like what are you
gonna be what are you dressing up as
exactly I enjoy him as anything and now
we're gonna film hmm so we're gonna wait
until the lights come on and hopefully
that's really soon
cuz it did get a little dark um so we're
gonna go get some Starbucks cuz Ashley
needs a pick-me-up she's a little tired
I think tea sounds amazing right now
like actually chilly gonna love it
got a copy and guys it's the first
French of the season
I'm pretty dang excited for this welled
up guys we are in target story my life
so I figured I'd bring you guys long I'm
the only open for like an hour so I'm
hoping we can get everything good in
time look at target stepping up their
game oh my gosh
I'm kind of excited I'm totally gonna
get this I'm getting it oh I don't think
they have polka dots in an egg so I just
want assignment said will work for
cupcakes um yah oh my gosh I'm so
exciting maybe cute little sweater the
sweater they're so cute like look at
that guy
look at that okay so no shame I am
buying Christmas stuff right now because
yo whoa yes I just said yellow dude
there's so much Halloween stuff that's
on clearance like oh so funny so now you
have to get all your Halloween stuff
because it's all on sale oh and I mean
the chocolate all the candies on sale
took purple go to Target and get a whole
bunch of candy cuz this is my favorite
holiday if you didn't know along with a
lot of other people that I don't care
who any is stalking oh it's our first
Christmas in our new place I want the
Disney Princess one hello Oh what did
hammers match or something you know yeah
hanging over our TV yeah cuz we don't
have a fireplace have any of you watch
my blog since last year because
basically the same thing happened last
year like these are huge oh my gosh I
think it was my Christmas Oh Target
ripped me off video or something because
I got one of those like a little decal
things and it didn't work at all
so I want to get this looking at some
Christmas lights because need some
Christmas lights if you want to decorate
for Christmas told you guys I'm legit
doing this holidays are like the second
the second Halloween is over my minds on
Christmas it's like it's not even on
Thanksgiving at all just like Christmas
so we're getting some avizo
battery-operated dewdrop lights bam bam
okay Christmas lights they literally
give you like $1,000
targets all high-tech they have like a
display oh oh my gosh no you're good I
was a legit reaction to they actually
have a legit display of all the
different kinds of like oh my gosh
they're like a mind blown right now okay
so here are the many ones and then here
are the regular ones I think I think the
minis cute we can go with mini ashlynn
there's no candy cane okay so we're
getting these like snowflakes I'm gonna
put one big gold one above my bed and
then two small white lines I think
that's gonna be adorable so I'm kind of
excited about that I don't know I'm one
of those like weird people who actually
decorates the room for like Christmas
and stuff I don't know is that weird no
I don't think so because I mean I do it
so yeah are you gonna decorate your room
and candy cane
why is Andrew candy canes come on good
come on I will always think of Mean
Girls
every single time I hear Jingle Bell
Rock guys guess what I'm getting oh my
gosh I'm so excited the seventh season
of The Big Bang Theory oh my gosh is the
newest one that came out and I haven't
seen all the episodes yet I've seen a
couple but I haven't seen all of them so
I'm so excited like oh my gosh it's 2030
dollars like I thought I thought I was
maybe like 50 it's only 30 table now
Ashley and I are getting a board game
because the other day we decided why
don't we have working like we should
have board game nights there's all these
new stuff I just want like old school
status like monopoly or Scrabble whilst
apples is there like a frozen puzzle to
be so down for that Ash there's a Disney
line is it holographic I think it is
totally Rock twister like oh the game of
flies clue I love clue clues legit let's
totally get I love clue and monopoly I
love the games that no one else likes I
swear
whoa what is this what is this okay
let's play touch the screen start first
stand in front of the mirror
nice fire start I should do it I
actually just jumped that's kind of
embarrassing I'm still I'm loving this
though like look at this what we got :
it's important to meet and a lot of
others huh
okay I don't only one who thinks
nutcrackers are like really creepy like
really we want that staring at them so
productive guys oh my gosh like what'd
you do today cuz medium vlog earlier um
well honestly I would church this
morning and after that I just did
homework all day which kind of sucked
but at least I got it done um so that's
why I like I don't really fog much today
I'm sorry I'm but I think this vlog I'm
just gonna kind of put together was like
a whole week because so that way we
still get a vlog even though it's not
like in one day but yeah that's uh
