morning I look like a fetus so do not
find me oh so cute
someone sleepy so guess what's going on
now I told you guys this wouldn't last
long
I'm actually redoing my room again let's
go to better lighting I'm redoing my
room again because I really didn't I
mean I lied I said oh if I thought of
another one that I think is gonna be
really good
no actually my dad are totally healthy
need some thanks good so I'm in my bed
back to this law but I put it more in
the middle like before it was closer to
this side and then I'm gonna move my
panel kind of like on both sides then I
have my mirror in there for now just but
I don't know where it's gonna go and I
have my dresser in this corner so we're
gonna hopefully hopefully this is gonna
work I'm excited still a fetus don't
mind that everyone's like what's the
fetus the fetus is aka me with no make
up for my hair things like look daddy's
got his feet that's a fetus so the old
looks good on you so I am ready less
fetus honest as you can tell I
definitely do my hair though so we'll
just let it slide so we are at HomeGoods
now while getting out of the car to go
to home goods because there's a couple
things that I want to get from my room
so we're gonna do some shopping
alright bright it is so hot right now
it's like 90 degrees I'm literally in
shorts and a t-shirt what's up with that
I want scarves and food cold weather
stuff
dude those are so cool like hashtag
money side of things
Ashley we need to get Chloe is sweater
not even so we are getting lunch now app
to the Cheesecake Factory and I just
realized this lighting is amazing
yeah just good anything a selfie bomb
selfies like and then we're talking
about going to Ikea afterwards because
like you guys from everything is like
all right now
lemon wire for the win so got my food
I'm so excited I've been here forever
they're my table we move we were here
like all the time I can't it's good to
dance
therefore this is dangerous
ask me the couch that has like the
section I love that would be my spot I
love how there's like no one here one
time we made the mistake of coming on a
Sunday like after church when you could
tell like everyone just like came it was
so crowded in so busy not oh I like this
one
has the glass you can like put stuff in
it you know I'm not finding anything
we're not getting anything just wasting
so much time gonna get up here that's
kind of dress
so we talked by Star Derby's because I
needed some caffeine so hopefully uh but
I changed it up you guys I got eight
green tea versus my passion the other
day I got a mocha and now I'm getting a
green tea like what is up with me my
thing is the passion tea as you guys
know totally not insta worthy and now
that there's a sticker over the logo map
yeah so we're filming a huge haul
because as you guys have seen from my
recent vlogs I've been shopping a lot
and I was like I haven't done a haul
since like back-to-school I think so
it's definitely time to do a haul and
yeah so that's what we're doing just
uploaded my faul faul faul faul uploaded
my fusses ash winter haul I'm currently
replying to comments and being on
Twitter and stuff and like retweeting
and like like oh my gosh you guys
seriously like your comments make my day
like I love replying to comments I know
a lot of you always are like saying
thank you to me for replying to comments
and I'm like whoa you don't even think
of me like I need to thank you guys for
watching my videos I don't know I like
replying to comments
yeah Ashley's ready to go to dinner
right now because we haven't eaten and
we are gonna go to Olive Garden Jim
really stoked about so yeah that's
what's goin on oh I'm gonna give you
guys an outfit of the night woo okay so
I'm kind of weird I don't know if you
guys are like this too if you make
videos but when I do hauls it was the
time I can't wear something until I've
shown it in a hall and then all I let
myself wear it if that makes sense like
I like to keep the tags on when I'm
doing a haul until afterwards and then I
wear stuff so everything is new from my
new haul you guys should go watch it and
yeah so my top is from forever21 yeah
yeah the tops are records on you and
then I'm wearing these shorts that are
from Urban Outfitters and love how they
have pockets like what what they have
pocket and
my new JustFab the combat boots which I
think kind of complements the entire
outfit so yeah that is my entire outfits
you enjoyment lighting so much better
than you guys like yeah that's kind of
exactly so except yes so we've said come
here random so why not go I came with
Alicia a long time with ie you could
have caught you I'm so excited
and it's Halloween unified
we define a person
