good morning guys oh babe a long time No
blog I know I think it's been like
almost a month that's like really owning
it yeah it's problem I'm so sorry I am
really sorry about that I'm just gonna
be real and it doesn't make any sense
whatsoever one was school like things
have been crazy and like my schedules
been really busy and stuff now here's
the lame excuse I got the iPhone 6 as
most of you probably know and my whole
plan was to vlog on the phone versus my
regular camera just cuz this is like way
more practical I don't know what it is
but I just can't vlog on it like I'm not
used to vlogging on a phone visit it's a
really lame excuse but for some reason
it just made me not like able to vlog
like I just forget to vlog it's really
bad so yeah that's kind of that I told
you is really lame but long story short
I'm gonna vlog today be are going to go
to Fashion Island to do some shopping
and some filming because I want to film
a night routine video and it's fall
themed so I'm in like a foolish of fit
I'll show you guys that later but it's
kind of hot so hopefully I don't die
today swim start
a second I getting anything done cat by
the way the hiking a pet
haha I think I'm gonna get my tea
because my tea sounds amazing right now
so we spent from an urban spectrum
instead of an island because we really
wanted tender greens so we just ate
there oh cool
I should get one like really I should
totally get one so I start I specialty
unsweetened now I'm a stall or possible
how do you really say I have no idea
and we're shopping and yeah I have a
gift card for here but I'm not buying
too much but yeah what work do my hair
is so dang do you see this do you see
this
I'd be skirt
guess who got a caramel apple oh I'm so
excited I got milk chocolate dark
chocolate and white chocolate oh my gosh
I'm so excited so so so excited we're
walking into Urban Outfitters right now
hopefully we find some stuff because one
of my favorite stores in the world got
the sweater
pretty excited pretty excited because I
need new sweaters like really really bad
um so let's go ahead over to forever 21
can you just um out of my vlogging game
I'm literally like forgetting to blog so
many times and I'm sorry bear with me on
this one guys it's gonna not me but I
don't know
it's different
I wasn't a fur jacket but I like knowing
I'll never wear it you know to me
faux fur cover I always find everything
here do I go to all these fun places
like brandy and herb and I never cook
anything could I come here and I'm like
I went a little crazy
Jesus bags Oh huge actually no I just
got like kind of one biggest thing it
really is huge like not enough you guys
can see this this is you do you guys
want to haul let me know if you want a
haul or should I just give you like a
mini haul and a blog or something maybe
just give you a sneak peek at this one I
don't know we were filming in here and
people whatever thanks to it now I'm did
you notice you know I did note it as
soon as I thought I wasn't going to try
to hide behind a rock at home no guys so
Jays day - well not day - it's just like
the next day I ended up going to my
parents house last night so that's why I
never leave logged much else after
shopping but I figured I would bring you
guys along today because right now
Ashley and I are on our way to tour
shape woot we're at Target just kidding
we're walking shark just kidding again
we're walking up to the door attorney
mm-hmm I'm really craving a mocha
oh my guys so bad but so good that is
such a cute jacket that's so cute
I only bought one jacket yesterday like
I was shopping I kind of wanted more you
guys I change it up I didn't get my
teeth actually got a mocha I've his
craving it like all this morning was
craving a coffee and a mocha and heaven
leanness so I don't do this often but I
totally get it right now haha oh that is
cute like one of the 20 tops that I have
we are in the PG section and I'm
debating getting a 1c because like oh I
haven't not had a onesie yet already
worried about which one the polka-dots
but this one's really cute too
I kind of like the lighter one which one
do you guys like better thank you guys
like better
I agree the grey one's cute but the card
one has snowflakes and that means winter
but winter's coming
we're in man
I can wear your al-baqir so we are
currently in the bedding section because
I really want to get a new comforter I'm
kind of want to redo my room I've
mentioned that performed vlogs and you
guys were like why do you want to redo
it I just want more color like I'm kind
of over the whole all-white thing I like
that one so it's just be like plain and
stuff this one has little like floral
detailing on it
what's else
um okay now like what other colors like
what color pillows productive guys
reproductive got some stuff and now we
look for pillows and like accessory
accessories that kind of stuff hopefully
we find stuff I have no idea but that's
what's going on
good so there are no there are no colors
so we get that idea
but I found this loose I'm Jax and I was
a kid so I got that yeah he's like hobos
dick dude
I just went 17 cent we're hungry you
should get a vlog Channel standing there
in my American Apparel
I got your name
drop mic boom 1 so I just found out a
guy driving next to us experienced that
whole thing he saw her here I was not
here do you guys want to see what I got
from Target first things first I'm the
realest just kidding here's the quote
that you guys saw earlier I did end up
buying it I'm gonna get like new pillows
and stuff and if you did not notice I
rearranged my room um yeah that that
happened I'm still in the process of
trying to find the perfect setup and
honestly I have no idea if my room is
going to stay like this we're just kind
of trying new stuff out here's the sign
that I got from TJ Maxx and it actually
matches the bed like freaking perfect I
love it I've no idea where this is gonna
go it may go like on that back wall or
make a look up here or somewhere else in
this room I'm misteriously like a mess
there's just it's just all over the
place right now did I get so we got some
slippers because I don't have slippers
and my feet are always cold so I found
these pretty cool got some slippers we
have some toothpaste because today I got
Chloe a new collar look how little is oh
my gosh you guys haven't even seen her
today have you got some new dry shampoo
from dove this stuff is amazing and I
ran out of my last one and it is
definitely a repurchase then I needed
some new shyam shafts just so weird I
needed some new shampoo and conditioner
so I tried this one no idea if it's
gonna be good but it's the Dove advanced
series pure care dry oil for dull and
dry hair so that was my target haul hope
you guys liked that Zoe's say hi to
everyone babies ya ain't seen you in
forever isn't she's so big now and makes
me cry why are you so big huh she went
to the groomers last week she officially
had all her shots cute why are you so
cute huh
what are you so cute why you so cute
um I'm a dashes room because lighting is
way better in here well yes it's been
like forever since I've edited a video I
feel like which is weird because I don't
like that feeling but I realized it
really has been like a week because day
is Tuesday and last Tuesday or last
Wednesday I went to New York which I
totally didn't tell you I kind of told
you guys about like on Twitter and stuff
if you follow me there and also if you
follow me on Instagram which by the way
if you're not following me on either of
those like you guys should definitely
follow me there oh and snapchat I didn't
even tell you guys I made my snapchat
public you guys should totally follow me
there it's Lita Liu 11:00 and then my
Instagram and Twitter are both at Mack
baby 11 what else what was I saying um
so I went to New York last week last
Wednesday through Friday and then Friday
the second I came back I came back home
just for like two seconds to repack and
then I'm Ashley cat and I went to Nevada
to film a freaking amazing video which
I'm going to start editing right now you
guys have to see it it's seriously going
to be amazing and I'm really really
really excited for you guys to see it um
it was so so cool like I want to tell
you guys about it but then I don't want
to give it away but again if you were
following me on snapchat or Twitter you
would have gotten a sneak peek because I
always give sneak peeks to you guys if
you follow me there but yes I think
that's all I was gonna
