good morning guys so I am I'm so excited
right now because I have had such a
productive morning it is two o'clock
just kidding I wanted to wake up really
early this morning for some reason just
because I was in the mood to be
productive it must still be from like
coming back from vacation and everything
so I got up a little before 7:00 I read
my Bible I read it and uploaded a vlog
got ready to film and then I realized I
should wait till later because there's
not that much lighting right now as you
can tell our apartments kind of dark
until like later in the day um what else
what else look I was editing a video
earlier did some emails and yeah so now
Ashley and I are on our way to do some
errands because I have a lot of errands
to do and then I have some filming to do
so yeah so that's what's gonna go on
yeah do you make tea banana like
aftertaste
why I don't know I don't know yeah but
you know I've had that before and I
didn't think of that but now that you
mentioned that now that I think that's
just how it is you but Stevie in it
stevia powder I feel like that would
just make it a sweetener go up here you
don't watch it okay you guys think I
have a problem
Ashley is just as guilty as I am just
saying after it turns in the stuff that
I got no hole from the mall yesterday
because they didn't fit outfit in the
daytime so my top whoa oh wait oh no
it's just on the mir I thought my job
was dirty but it's me my top is from
Kohl's
believe it or not it's from the candies
line I really really like it so I want
to go and get more colors is that lanes
that's calling and in my American Eagle
jeggings mom and my target don't like my
toes there literally disgusting and I
need a pedicure really bad so yeah that
is what I'm wearing and then just my
rings like normal also while I'm
thinking about it everyone asks where I
got my phone case it's Marc by Marc
Jacobs but guess what I got it from
Marshalls for like 16 dollars and
normally this would be easily like 40 or
60 because it's like designer
technically okay Ashlee's looking at me
like let's go so let's go so deja vu
we're back at the mall because
I don't know if I said this I have to
exchange the stuff that I bought
yesterday which kind of sucks yep you're
not trying a single thing okay I don't
like trying stuff on my the only way the
trend but I don't know I'd rather take
the risk and have to come back because
who doesn't want to have to go back to
the mall
but yeah I'm just going to exchange one
thing and then return the other shoe and
hopefully find some new stuff because
I'd be fun I mean why not right
hopefully there's different workers
because that's like one of the most
embarrassing things when you go to
return something today it's the same
worker and then they're like wow major
day job you guys literally what's really
I was here at that table in this same
spot yesterday the monthly Assam same
workers because I feel like that would
be even more embarrassed
like no other nice fashion tea
unsweetened
it's not the pressure to dominate
there's no limiting that but it's really
good I felt like all the sweetener in it
be good
so finally gossip in Carcassonne
literally took forever because there was
one of those instances where like you
have to spend the money it's like on a
gift card but there's nothing that you
love if there's a bunch of cute stuff
this is a clue
so to go out but finally got it and now
we're at our stall to exchange ejectives
Julie cuter fit so we're back at the
apartment and we're really hungry so
we're gonna make some food it's kind of
I guess it's dinner it's 4:30 so no
scaliger early dinner I don't even know
what that says what is that chicken oh
snap I mean if you haven't it I like to
know wall I am dragging like no other
I think coffee but I just said oh and I
have to film an intro I should fill my
July favorites but I think I'm gonna
wait till tomorrow to film that because
how many of you do a yacht remember how
many of you did I just meet John what
tell me what you made what's this
masterpiece chicken make it is soaked in
lemon juice stoned with garlic guys
there you fancy oh you fight you know
cayenne pepper sprinkle is cayenne
pepper and black pepper
yeah guys I'm really excited right so I
have no idea what I've logged last so
let's just pretend that it's not good
night and I haven't blogged since clip
um what did I even do I have no idea oh
I clean my room a little bit all are you
really couldn't tell because there's
stuff everywhere here on the floor and
over there yeah I wanted to let you guys
know that I'm gonna be at beautycon LA
which is August 16th oh my gosh it's
August 6 that's really super snicks
Saturday what's the heck oh my gosh
that's crazy
so that's exciting I have so much fun
last year and then I had so much fun at
the New York beautycon so I'm really
really excited for this year's @vd con
la just to see well I don't know like
how if they say it's the best yet so we
shall see but I'm really excited so
that's gonna be in LA obviously so
because you're going and be sure to
comment below and let me know if you are
I would love to meet you guys please
please come up and say hi if you see me
there because I don't bite and this is
totally random but I'm really in the
mood to like travel and have another
meet up somewhere I'll have to talk to
Mia Mia if you're watching this I want
to go somewhere I'm kind of in denial
that school is coming soon August kind
of sucks even though it's still
considered summer in my head it's not
summer because I'm thinking about school
coming up so it's kind of hard to enjoy
it so I wanna have like a last summer
trip somewhere I'm thinking maybe like
northern California like Bay Area or I
don't know somewhere I want I want to go
somewhere I want to do something I want
to have a me that's to let me know where
I should have a meet-up totally random I
have no idea if it's even gonna happen
but I really I'd like to do something
it's getting late and I have to get up
early because I have a lot to do
tomorrow um it's so I'm going to say
goodnight now I will see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog and yeah bye guys love
you
