good morning guys what is up
look at my hair looks real crazy right
now let's try to fix it but the sign on
yes it like it makes a difference you
know today is Thursday
clearly I just took a shower so my hair
is air dry right now hopefully can turn
out decent so we have some filming and
stuff to do today so I'm gonna throw on
some makeup so I think you ready for my
day I really really really really really
want to go to the mall because I'm
actually leaving for a very very very
very freaking exciting vacation next
week you guys are going to flip like
Chuck yes
that's kind of the plans for the day so
let's throw on some makeup and makeup is
done
I figure cuz I'm filming I might as well
do like a little bit more so I added
some lashes and yes so that's the look
I'm gonna go downstairs get some coffee
let my hair kinda finish air drying a
little bit more and then I think I'm
gonna like put a few curls in it and
then we can film good I'll be good
okay guys a few weeks ago Tarte sent
this package I don't think I've walked
it I really wish that I did but they
Loki sent a full on Nespresso machine
I've always wanted one it just like
seemed really cool and I obviously love
my Keurig and crap so this is my legit
first time using it it kind of
intimidates me because I don't really
understand these pod things like I don't
know it's just like it's kind of a lot
so I'm gonna try it out I'm a little
nervous I'm just getting I'm nervous I
just hope I like it the worst thing ever
is when you make coffee or like order
food and you end up not liking it you
know I feel like we can all relate to
that so it came with all these little
pods and then we saved this cuz it kind
of shows like a little bit like what
each one is based off the color and
stuff Ashley had a few she said she
really liked it what's this one tried
you the pink one just cuz it's pink here
or Jen I mean like why not I'm assuming
you put this here Wow we need to get rid
of so many coffee cups I think we
actually have a problem I always love
this one I don't know if it'll fit only
to try it okay we're good we're good hey
Lukie broken just kidding I know I
didn't break it but where did this come
from oh wait this goes under this oh my
god I'm such a hot mess
okay yeah I don't know this is gonna
work
now what was on wait can we just talk
about the size difference between an
espresso I want a Keurig oh my god it's
working
whoa it's so loud oh it's
was really good this is very interesting
why is it so loud let's get some cream
on boom got the creamer oh that didn't
ever make much oh that would make sense
okay this isn't much but I guess I never
finished my coffee so maybe kind of
could be a good thing that is not bad
it's like really good because it's super
like smooth and creamy I feel like only
people who love coffee will totally know
what I mean yeah and it's not that much
which is kind of good because I feel
like you'd get more energy and at the
same time you're not like just wasting
coffee because people like me will drink
like three coffees a day but I just
never finished them so to me and my head
it's like I only really had one cup of
coffee I like it so the reason why I
love my short hair is because I can just
like flip it around and it air-dry I'm
procrastinating so much right now okay I
mean they're just like go finish getting
ready
freakin copy right I wish I could just
like to listen to music and all my vlogs
all the time but you like you can't
because then it gets flagged and you
can't upload it and there's just like
but live you can do it with live so
maybe I'll go live more anyways let's go
show you guys my lazy OOTD it's too dark
hold on this is really hard to do with
one hand technically one finger cuz my
other hand is a little busy
okay I feel like all my mirrors are some
weird spots lazy outfit of the day you
know I was a demo copy please don't
spell please don't spell please don't
stop okay so much better you guys
probably recognize this shirt I wear it
literally all the freaking time I've had
it for so long I think I've had it for a
year and a half definitely over a year
maybe a year and a half now but it's
from forever 21 I feel like they
probably still have it low-key my pants
I just got showed you guys in my last
little vlog haul they're from ASOS but
they're the brand cheap Monday and
that's what it says right there if you
were wondering that's the brand there's
like high-waisted blue sweats and like
they're come so and then mess lovers
which is just like basic anyways JK I
changed we bout the film I could use a
camera that would probably help yes yes
I'm gonna try to film in the living room
today let's see if it'll work I got a
package oh my god I ordered this a few
days ago wait to detail its room for 11
lemons oh my gosh wait for it it's
literally the cutest it would be opening
thing ah it's the cutest body suit
honestly I think I've ever had hold on
oh my god this is soaked
I don't know if you can see it but this
is what it looks like I don't know
there's like a whole bunch of detail its
whiteness cute literally so freaking
cute I'm excited and it has like a
little type details yeah I read full
mash you look like you're ready we're
about to do some filming I'm excited
this video is going up on a Sunday I
kind of talked about did I talk about it
already I don't know I took last Sunday
off and honestly it was really good I
feel really pumped and I just kind of
needed like a weekend off but way back
can't get rid of me also I've actually
had a ton of questions about this hoodie
when I've been wearing it and like
snapchats and stuff and the last law I'm
it's from Hollister I've already said
that before but for you people who
weren't listening just kidding I love
you how many thank you how many times
did Alicia change today part two we're
at three outfit changes today I mean
granted the first you were just like
sweat but so I definitely did like an
outfit of the day for both of those and
now I'm like you guys we got some coffee
the school wide squads water we're going
shopping I mentioned this earlier I feel
like we all just want some random
staffing up some returns we have some
things to get things to buy so we are
coming to the Americana love this mall I
feel I can really come in too small when
it's night time and cold so I'm really
excited to be here during the day we
should get per rest oh we have the mall
just got a few things at PacSun I'm so
excited for my trip you guys I'm gonna
tell you soon I've never thought I would
go here in my life and I'm so excited
for that reason and I'm just like really
do I see Larson yet go work oh my god
that's so fun next up forever 21
oh these are cute these are cute I'm not
like I need anymore sunglasses we got
the goods I didn't get that much at
forever 21 but we got a few things you
guys will see eventually should we go to
herb on absolutely absolutely
oh yeah you ever return there anyway so
we got an excuse to go so currently in
Nordstrom I found these shoes I thought
to be so cute cuz they'd be absolutely
perfect for a trip next week so they're
seeing if they have my size but I think
they're cute yeah yeah they fit good
we're gonna get him good if we just get
our hair done did we just get our hair
done I think it's almost 11 ish not
really sure but obviously we're home now
and yeah I was just about to get ready
for bed and I realized I should probably
end this vlog look at clothes she's so
cute she got back from the groomers a
long time ago
we're so fluffy babes are we gonna take
photos for your Instagram tomorrow yeah
we are anyway thank you so much for
watching guys I'll see you tomorrow and
yeah
