good morning okay wait
definitely oh this is really hard to do
one-handed is it obviously securing okay
good morning guys good morning guys and
welcome to vlogmas day two trying to
figure out how to work this coffee
machine and scoop should I do there's
five of us but I don't oh my god there's
coffee in my onesie in places coffee
should not be please that's no good no
there's five of us I feel like I'm for
sure gonna have to cut okay we're just
gonna boom on I think it's working I
feel like these are super extra small
coffee cuts okay
so currently about to put up vlogmas day
one I'm really really excited I've
obviously I put up the behind the scenes
and stuff so you guys already seen the
intro or if you've seen that you already
in the intro exciting this is day one a
little later I am so excited yes okay
I'm definitely gonna have some potatoes
hold on mommy's long and she's not happy
we're watching it
update time so it's been a little bit we
got ready we put some makeup on see the
holla about a highlight though literally
brush I knew him brush my hair didn't do
my hair to put on a beanie made it work
low-key wearing the same sweater from
yesterday weighing some jeans and then
weighing my foods that I got from Target
like two years ago it's around there so
we're gonna go do some Christmassy
holiday festive things since we're not
snowboarding get some pictures hang out
have fun here's the outfit does this day
if it needs from H&M sweatshirts fan
packs on jeans our girlfriend from ball
peas or Target like I said
me guys we made it to Santa's Village
and it's sappy yeah I'm not even like in
it yet but I'm so excited so like we sad
since the arm snow burring because our
slopes are no fun you want to do
something Christmassy and fun and we
found this place that'll be super cute
there's my spring boys meet when you're
like whoa that's what that looked like
when she was saying that you know you
guys this place is so freakin cute and
apparently there's like so many
different things we can do there's ice
skating ziplining bungee jumping archery
do what do guys take pictures you guys
look so freaking cute I'm really excited
to skate like I hope this I'm just gonna
go down to him like we can tell with us
okay so vlogmas i definitely mention hot
coco now really this place is so cute oh
my god ram take my beanie because you
and Mia are gonna be twinning does it go
back or or that one oh my god these
skates are kind of ghetto
I am vlogging Jonas a high power channel
it's Alicia Marie vlogs doing vlogmas
subscribe
JLI sdj Alicia Marie ma RIE and in vlog
3 I love Alicia you guys just house cook
with REM on her vlogs you should watch
it as we cooked with Remi - nah we made
a spaghetti squash and I'm so hungry
well actually I'm hungry but I also ate
like half a bag of chips oh I'm not that
hungry don't know why I did that look at
it am I gonna get better than yesterday
the Queen said this looks amazing this
looks amazing I'm an E and I'm up to you
soon hey guys what is up so I quickly
just want to end this vlog sorry that it
went up late today honestly it's so many
uploading and like I had my computer
just been like crazy today but I finally
got it up so didn't miss the day it's
just late yeah
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow bye
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
hi guys good morning what is that oh my
freaking God it's finally here here here
here so no you might may have just seen
my vlogmas it drops name is vlogmas i
just like oh my
I really do need a second I'm not right
