good morning guys so we're working on a
little video which I'm sure you guys can
guess by where we can practice maybe you
can get well there hasn't been a video
for a while now so he's lost he's still
here and I still love him I'll give you
a hint at the back to school video and
yeah totally random but we just decided
to switch my room around a little bit
because why not
alright we were talking about it the
other day about switching my desk and my
dresser and then I said we should switch
them and I was like yeah let's do it
right now yeah so that's what we're
doing let's uh let's see I move the desk
over there and the dresser over here
it's weird I'm not used to it what do
you think Walden
what do you think Walden okay I'm gonna
clean all this up look what we're doing
what so we're still filming I'd say
we're about halfway done and I'm pretty
happy right now because I have my tea so
yeah we're just filming I finished my
makeup and now I have to do my hair um
and the Oz come up what's going on
so do your doing my makeup reminded me
how much I miss this background oh my
gosh I don't know let me know what you
guys think which backgrounds you prefer
if you've been watching my videos for a
while like my older ones in my bedroom
do you prefer them in here or do you
prefer in the living room I don't know
no I really like this setup though like
it is so pretty much the only thing is I
really don't like using a studio lights
to film like everyday talking down
videos I'm rambling what that baseball
what the Oh what's up are low-stress
fashion and now
like I need to actually I really want to
because I
just gonna be at my closet doing some
stuff here's my stuff
Julius is time that there's got some
stuff from fun then we can try to make
camera I got to Justin's here zaps you
later
but I got you
your extravagant skirt
she talks what are we have yes I vote
yet you wanted skirts anyway it's so
it's adorable what do you wear
underneath that mr.brother
yeah I like the color I'm sure
yes--that's do anything it might be a
little baggy you should try that on and
love that one yeah I picked up a shirt
like that too singsong okay love this
that's really faggy old you wear it wear
shorts
out more clothes I'm kind of excited I'm
ready to clean this out I have so much
clothes another update all of those used
to have clothes on them and now they
don't the fact that there's actually
space in between most of my clothes it
makes me really happy
Ashley I are headed to LA and we may be
getting a puppy
we found some online that's exactly what
we want but we just want to like meet
them and make sure you note I mean now
we're in Calabasas and we are about to
meet the puppies oh we got Starbucks
because that's what we do all right
literally every single moment all day
our day we're really excited I really
hope it works out like really hope it
works out we're not gonna hear hopes
that we have any hopes up really
exactly but I'm sure he'll get it home
really quick okay guys say hi to Chloe
go stuff we're not for sure on the name
Chloe
we were thinking Chloe or Emma we're
leaning towards Chloe though so though
we could call her by her gangster name -
oh my god you guys I'm in love Oh
for those of you who are wondering she
is a mall she which is a Maltese and a
Shih Tzu mix so everyone drink they're
called teddy bear puppies they're called
teddy bear puppies are you get used to
the camera right in your face she just
called right he heard my heart melted
baby oh that's a cute it blows me thank
you shy Oh
oh my gosh you're so cute so jealous
right now already older
