good morning guys oh so yeah I look like
a ghost right now haha it's tea time tea
time
I have been waiting for you oh look deja
vu literally in yesterday's vlog I was
in the exact same spot with the exact
same thing doing the exact same thing
I'm putting my stevia in my tea
let's just pretend I don't have an
addiction okay cool change the eyes
passion to you unsweetened so so good
making lunch making lunch we are
roasting some almonds and I'm gonna have
some tuna with it it's gonna be amazing
boom that looks amazing i drench it and
tallulah literally my love this stuff
like we go through this so fast you can
see it swims like gone we just got it
the other day I have a problem who are
you Twitter story my life editing
yeah tomorrow I'm gonna be uploading a
what's in my backpack video which if I'm
uploading this vlog tomorrow morning
means that today the day that you are
watching this video if you are watching
it the first day that I upload you will
see it was my backpack video going up
tonight yes I'm really excited I'm
liking how the footage is turning out
I'm just coloring is the only thing
that's kind of bugging me right now and
the intro I have no idea what to be
moving true I'm editing wise but luckily
it's not even 6:00 yet and I have the
majority of the video done so I won't be
up too late tonight however if I get
this video done early then I'm gonna be
working on another video so needless to
say I'm gonna be a full night which is
why I have my coffee really could we
tried a new one today because every
single time we get K cups we always try
a new one this is like the Cinnabon one
so it kind of tastes like a cinnamon
roll which is Ashley and I are going to
film this is our new gum obsession ice
breakers ice cubes and raspberry sorbet
quite amazing so yeah we're going to a
school to get some back to school videos
film for my channel and her channel who
everyone is like where's Ashley's videos
you have to up they're doing really well
morning routine already over a hundred
thousand views like
what what ready
birthday lights camera action so I think
we have everything technically done but
I'm trying to think while we're here if
there's any other like clips that I
could use the problem is I'm gonna go
home and edit and be like oh we
should've done this story of my life
story of my life I think we got it
totally another piece of game damn hot
make it bob boys those go silver
wrinkles right now we're doing some
shopping because I have two gift cards
and I'm like I need to spin this we're
going on vacation so I have an excuse to
buy stuff even though I don't need to
buy anything now I'm in the guy section
because I was looking for a flannel and
I found one but it wasn't a soft I was
wanting so it was true it was not a
flannel it was a wannabe flannel plaid
shirt boom back bags I want the pink one
Ashley I want it I want it big warning
we're literally just like walking around
the store thinking what should we buy we
can't find the girls bathing suits
I told you they had a lot of cute stuff
like this Paris thing nothing's adorable
oh this is cute
we found the baby suits there's not that
many but I found this I thought this was
cute it's just plain white bottoms and
the top has like like you trouble did
you find one kind of a book guys candies
one I was cute I like the blue either
good in blue your bond is like boom guys
isn't this the cutest thing ever
they don't have my size otherwise I
totally get it like a tankini
TV back when I was like forced to wear
them this is cute cute probably think of
food like attitude gosh kam interception
still here
I'm oh I'm sorry so easy I'm just like
oh my god this is sweatshirt no it was
my there's no chain Tom's so late oh my
gosh it's almost 2 a.m. and you know
what supposedly I'm not tired I'm just
like kind of like mentally tired that
makes sense I feel like this is zoomed
in yeah I can tell that
REI look literally disgusting that's a
little better yeah
no not all like I said it's really late
and I'm still editing i forget the last
thing i show - it's weird
I'm not tired but yet I feel tired but
not I can't tell if I'm like physically
tired or mentally tired maybe I'm in
between but I just realized the end I
never finished a color crafting so
that's ok
bald head cover yourself cover yourself
you guys I'm a sneak peak maybe no baby
maybe oh the intro intro I'll say that
ready
oh man legacy oh you got to see a
whopping 12 seconds and four frames
sneak peek
I hope hope got you excited it's kind of
depressing realizing how long those 12
seconds took to make I've been
complaining about my editing lately I'm
sorry guys
getting eat it eat it eat it ooh hmm
color correcting this color correcting
Boop
Oh gray now
I gotta go over here
boom no boom and then so don't mind hair
and the fetus babe is now at 3:26
a.m. and I am tired but yet I'm awake
but I'm tired so I'm gonna go to bed
video is mostly done still things left
to do in the morning but overall pretty
excited I think you guys gonna like it I
hope you do ah when you watch it be sure
to leave a comment telling me that you
saw this vlog before you saw or you saw
the blog before or after you saw that
video did anything but yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I
