good morning guys so I was just here
yesterday we are what time is it 12 27
if you saw yesterday's vlog you know
that's I didn't get a finish filming an
outfit for a video so we are back
filming that outfit so yeah that's what
we're doing and we're going to get some
footage don't you I'm pretty excited I'm
really pumped right now like I have the
hot outline idea of the video in my head
and it's coming together and I think you
guys are really gonna like it but yeah
so anyways anyways I'm excited yeah I'm
rockin the pigtails today and my nerd
glasses and yeah my stand-in yeah look
at that filming time doing work work
work there she is there she is real
lines look at that long handful and came
up it got serious you are professional
folks you good I'm pretty confident that
we got everything I'm really excited
like I think the footage look really
good so we only have one more outfit to
do when we're gonna do that tomorrow and
job so we're back in the apartment we're
about to leave to go to Disney's I don't
even know how excited I am like you
don't you do not even know so if you're
new to my channel or my vlog channel or
me in general I am a huge Disney fanatic
so is Ashley we're just weird assess
with anything Disney and Disney Land and
mhm and yes I am totally rocking the
pigtails today I decided I was like I'm
just gonna do this full out full
everything anyways we have had annual
passes to Disneyland for I want to say
for four years this is our fourth year
this is our fourth year oh my gosh and
our last one expired in April of this
year so we haven't renewed it since
and this is the longest we've ever
waited to renew our passes since we've
ever had passes so in three years this
has been the longest break of us not
going to Disneyland so we have been
having withdrawals like no other but I
think like last year we would go almost
every week like every Friday it would be
our day just because like why not sorry
I'm so excited like oh my gosh I'm so
excited so prepare yourself to see a lot
of Disney nests within my vlogs because
I will guarantee you we're gonna go a
lot a lot a lot I'm importing some
footage but I'm going to give you guys
an outfit of is a day Wow I would forgot
to import so I am rocking the pigtails
my shirt I have no idea where this is
from and it's totally shrunk Charlie
really Charlotte each other I got some
feathers earlier this year but like I
said it's shrunk so whatever we'll
pretend that doesn't happen I'm wearing
Ashley shorts and I believe these are
from foreign exchange they're just black
lacy shorts look like that then I'm
rocking my converse yeah so overall I
have a curtsy a black-and-white color
scheme going on but wait there's more my
ears I look like I'm such a little kid
right now yeah
now the outfit is complete
got my new thanks I got the premium and
meeting I can come any day of the year
that I want Danny land inland I love
Danny land you're going upstairs here
because this is their traditions first I
we always go on go tally there we go now
I've done one count having time to say
so excited in this video
right
so we custom reticulate now it's more
magical I swear we're here where we
belong
because Judy's videos
little girl she frozen
it's really almost
I'm so tired
we're obviously back in the apartment
and it is 11:40 almost midnight I'm so
tired and I should do some editing
because I should do some editing how
about I think I'm just gonna do a little
bit because I'm really tired and I to
get up early
yeah oh yeah shout out to everyone who
came up to me and said hi today I had so
much fun meeting all of you guys it was
really fun you guys were so nice so
things missing huh oh go to bed and I
will see you guys tomorrow most likely
and yeah bye
