good morning guys what is it it's 12:40
on this morning ashlee I went to the gym
we came home and I showered and got
ready and guess what I just did I just
uploaded yesterday's vlog so let's see
that what's up major alicia 'no stright
now you're watching my vlog of me
recording my vlog okay not just what not
okay so now I am going to film some
clips for my video tonight it's the 9
July favorites video so you guys should
watch that totally yeah so you look you
thought I already went up before you saw
this because I went up last night you
guys should watch it I have to still do
like the close-ups of the products and
stuff because I like doing that in my
videos um so just kidding why am I going
outside I have to change first
oh you look cute today where am i shoot
cute oh my gosh I know what you mean
when we were on vacation
I hardly wear make I didn't - my hair
hardly word makeup has like your lake
house and I'm just gonna jump in the
lake so it's pointless and it's hot so
it's pointless to get ready so we're
gonna make some lunch and get those
clips done and then later we have go ahh
I do that I always zoom in on accident
filming some closer yeah ok so now I
gotta lower this
look what ashley brought me best sister
award Oh hot hot that that that boom was
really good we have the perfect amount
of time to film because it's almost 4:00
like I said and that's the best time for
lighting is like just like the evening
and stuff so I'm gonna be filming some
back-to-school outfits which I'm pretty
excited about I think okay I'm really
looking forward this video I'm not gonna
tell you what it is but um yeah it's
another back to school video so yeah I
don't know when that will be up I have
no idea but that will be yeah
so I can take you guys along with me Nia
so right now I am currently getting
ready to go film so I'm curling my hair
and I thought update you guys Oh PS I
tried vidoes shampoo and conditioner
this morning and I love it you guys saw
my guest today's haul I already saw
yesterday's vlog at Target um I did like
a mini haul and stuff and I got new tub
shampoo and conditioner and I really
like it
seriously my hair smells so good okay so
we're out of school and we are going to
get some shots
love it so why not be at school chewing
my favorite cup ever right now would it
we're filming you learn how to convert
your it's nervousness into talking and
you don't look at them they don't act by
a killer beat I'm not even kidding you
it was after my car began so we were
filming the second outfit which is what
I have a wardrobe trained if you're
wondering and is about to be a died on
my camera so that kind of sucks because
it literally is perfection lighting
right now a hair gonna float oh that
kind of sucks so we're gonna have to
come back another day to finish that
yeah but we got one outfit done we got
half of this one I think we shall see
I'll have to look at that footage but
like I just got tired all of a sudden
really bad real world
hey guys so I was watching The Big Bang
Theory and I literally just fell asleep
for like over an hour so I think it's
time to say goodnight my gosh literally
what is this oh my gosh so yeah bye
