hey guys so J is Wednesday and I've had
another productive morning which I love
having these mornings it's so weird just
like yesterday if you watch that vlog I
had a productive morning and it's weird
like it feels like it should be way
later than one but it's not so I filmed
an intro this morning and then I edited
that and then I've just kind of been
here editing I'm currently editing the
video that I filmed in Illinois so I'm
pretty excited to see that and there is
this missing clip that has been bugging
me I have to get it off of my laptop and
there's one right here too which is
really annoying and I'm waiting for
Ashley to get called boom because we're
gonna go to Target I want to go to
targets yeah we can go outfit of the day
time so first thing is it is plaid shirt
that I got from the mall the other day
from Aeropostale and it's really cute
and similar new like arrow now
collection so I kind of like tucked into
my shorts that I have it just kind of
like loose in the back I'm wearing this
brown belt that I got from Nordstrom a
couple years ago and then I'm wearing my
American Eagle high rise festival short
tees so that's what I'm wearing oh just
kidding no I have my H&M bag and then my
shoes are from American Eagle they're
just the shoes that I wear all the time
huh are you ready Ashley let's get it oh
it's so bright they show me fish so we
just got the other backpack that I'm
giving away and which which video my
school supplies haul I said I was gonna
give away the same backpack so we just
got it exciting exciting I stopped to
pick a winner so hopes like yesterday or
tomorrow
Ashley's looking for a backpack because
unlike me she does not have a backpack
obsession so she doesn't have that money
that was cute I like that line
that's like a total Disney backpack too
because it will match her Mickey ears
need some makeup why okay totally
getting this because this stuff is
amazing it's kind of expensive but oh
wait what
what do you buy - I don't want to buy -
I want to buy one
I need a shampoo and conditioner and I
have no idea what kinda gets L'Oreal No
oh my gosh oh my gosh no no no their dry
shampoo you should try it because well
in New York the hairstylist use this on
me it's not amazing and it worked really
long so I'm gonna get this it's cheaper
visit yeah it's three dollars twelve for
394 getting this okay we're going with
some dove literally I got razor's dry
shampoo shade cream shampoo and
conditioner face wash moisturizer all of
my beauty products were just like out I
am seriously all over the place right
now like I know I need stuff but I can't
think of what I need and I'm gonna go
home and be like I totally forgot that
got my stuff ba-bye target I love you so
we got lots of stuffs actually I got
lots of stuffs I think you got like what
two things hahaha
target is BAE oh snap
this cup totally reminded me that I did
not get Starbucks today I could have
been target because there was Starbucks
there but I refrained I said no no so
are you proud of me guys like I said I
didn't go to Starbucks and I was about
to make coffee because it's like I'm
dragging so instead I'm making my own
tea here at home so I'm trying the peach
iced black tea from celestial we'll see
if it's good I don't think it's gonna be
Starbucks but I think it will be good so
now we're about to catch up on some
pretty little Charis kind in my way
probably move it but I am kind of
laziness there Inquirer since when do
they take choir oh my gosh you guys it's
so hot and I'm all like really now oh do
not line the hair because I was
literally like sweating it was like Ivo
gross and also don't mind the fact that
I'm wearing the exact same shirt that I
was wearing yesterday because I just
found my July favorites video and I
wanted to wear this top so I was like
you know what I'm gonna put it on and
it's actually a lot cooler than the
other shirt that I was wearing so that
worked out but basically I look like a
fetus right now so excuse that so yeah I
filmed my July favorites which will be
up tomorrow which is the same day I'm
uploading this vlog so later today you
guys will see my July favorites oh you
guys want to see what I got from Target
I seriously got so much stuff oh my gosh
okay
so I wants to target as you can see oh
my gosh this is like a haul this is like
a party so basically all of my beauty
products like ran out at once why does
that always happen I have no idea but it
did so I got the backpack that I showed
you guys earlier and then I had another
back-to-school giveaway that I needed to
buy some stuff for so I got notepads and
stickers and a notebook and folders and
stuff for that to give away cut some
shaving cream I got the dry shampoo that
I showed you guys
I'm used a little bit this stuff smells
so good it's like one of my favorite dry
shampoos and so you guys should try it I
got it I got so much Duff product
I got dubbed shampoo and conditioner
which I have not tried this before so
hopefully it's nice and I got the dub
body wash and a purely pampering
it says pistachio cream with Magnolia
this stuff smells good this smells
amazing I got some disposable razors I
literally just grabbed them I think
because they are deaf to this I didn't
really think I was it was like grab them
got some cute notepad stuff have new
face wash the oil-free acne wash the
grapefruit foaming this stuff works
really well for me and then I got the
new GM makeup cleansing things which
were free when I bought two of the
Neutrogena face thing so I got the rapid
to home repair moisturizer and then I
got to the beef grapefruits scrub so I
got these for free
yeah loofah and then I also got this
like chalkboard um sign thing which I'm
going to be using for a DIY I think and
if I don't use it for that then I'm just
going to be using it because it's
adorably cute um and yeah and then I
bought actually some makeup wipes
because use them and yeah
oh that's everything that I got from
targets mini haul for you guys so a long
time no talk um we went to the gym and
we came home and watch some TV and
that's pretty much it so I'm just gonna
say goodbye now I will see you guys
tomorrow
and yeah bye
