hi I like disgusting I look way more
disgusting let's so I'm closer to the
camera so I look way more disgusting
morning guys so we are here and are not
sure the habitats looking full fetus aka
no makeup and you know what get rocket
you're not disgusting
I was made you're not you are beautiful
you are beautiful so tired it's like
almost one softer film go to the gym
Mimi is leaving me we come back yes I'm
back I'm so serious Polly
we're gonna go the mall later I think
and then we're gonna have a starbucks
date and get work done behind the sea
thanks for helping me film yeah you'd
bid we are filming a prom look because
like I showed you guys in one of my
earlier vlogs if you didn't see that a
group of us beauty gurus are doing a
huge like prom clown video so I'm
filming it the makeup and hat right now
and action okay so we only have time to
film the makeup but can we talk about it
for a second I'm quite proud of how this
turned out look at that bar Oh too bad I
am literally going to the gym in like 10
minutes that's like so much time it
worked to film it today so least all
look hot at the gym seriously though how
impractical is it that I just filmed
like a bomb tutorial and now I'm going
to digit Merc it's okay we'll just we'll
just take a moment to appreciate it man
I should have filmed it here
lighting is so much better
but it would not be cute to have the
kitchen and the background you guys I'm
so tired she was amazing
oh my gosh but can we please take note
of my makeup right now like guys I'm
gonna start using my Mac foundation so
much more now I mean like it's really
heavy foundation but I've always loved
it do you see this I look flawless
just kidding I'm like sweating like
unbelief like it's in still gross for
working out crazy and I was in my
trainer today so like it's a hard
workout I'm sweating like no other oh my
gosh there's our temper food spent time
hallo
guess what guys I got good that ones
Chaz just clearing that up
I've been to treat out drinking I want
hard today I'm Trina I've not even work
tomorrow that American Idol interview
but right now we're no channel going
little you're going it's gonna be fun I
get an interview and the top five people
you guys will see that videos on my
channel on Thursday so really there's no
American equal in this
at this store the smell so it's kind of
a fail the one place where should we
wanted to go so yeah that's okay we're
gonna forever21 I don't need a shop
anymore I'm a chocoholic I know that
it's like my last four vlogs I think
this is me out of all I'm not even
kidding
so that's kind of true life right there
I'm superstitious actually yeah
all the stores are closed
my god
that was a very successful shopping trip
right for me for you not me so much um
well I wasn't playing on shopping I
purposely didn't want to cuz I was like
I don't need to spend money uh so yeah
but now we're on our way home because I
have to rush and upload my huge summer
haul that you guys have been
anticipating and waiting for I've gotten
so many tweets it's like what are you
buying it uploading I promise we were
hoping for about eight o'clock minds how
we're gonna go up a little bit
afterwards which kind of sucks all that
matters as long as I get up some music
up in her
I'm reading all your comments on
yesterday's vlog the one that I uploaded
today actually it was like two days ago
vlog it's two days in one and there's
like rural you sure somebody gets
comments get the sis's boots actually on
Ashley's phone because she gets
unlimited internet my phone doesn't and
yeah so if you're wondering why my
screen is not cracked matches why where
people would pay for twin sometimes
iPhone mister yeah yeah so I'm uploading
the hall that says it has three minutes
left remaining however it has to process
after that and I feel bad me and series
videos already been up for like almost
20 minutes
I think it's cuz I'm uploading on my
laptop instead of my desktop because um
my computer's a little slower so I don't
know trying to hurry up I like I'm
purposely not on anything else so the
Wi-Fi can go just finish Ashley's not
home she is doing some errands I'm
sitting here eating my peanut butter
together I do this I love you like
peanut butter is amusing huh so good so
good so good two minutes
yeah it's finally happy those my
favorite part so funny yeah yes judicial
definite watch it in HD it's in 1080 and
it looked 10 times the Jillian ten
bajillion times better literally just
upload it like two minutes
you're right almost day one actually so
now it's going to reply to comments for
about the next to 40 hours pretty much
because you guys are awesome at nights
that ISA yeah yeah Big Bang Theory oh my
gosh I'm so tired it's not even that Lea
it's like I love it
well night guys I will see you away
tomorrow for an exciting vlog andr hey
