good morning guys promise I'm wearing
clothes it's just strapless oh we could
can't really see it just you got another
package it's excited got some quest bars
and I'm pretty excited because theories
she's the recipes Ashley and I are
cooking chicken cooking
so we're in TJ Mike's right now and yeah
fear doesn't have one where she flips so
we came here and we lost me
figured to be easy to spot because you
can like see everyone shoes Gaza
punished been gone for like 15 minutes
really okay I haven't seen any of you
since we're by the shoes I was last time
I saw you nothin here yeah found you
I'm getting it either tea or coffee but
the tea's come on good they got some
fancy ones but I don't want location
yeah Jay I got a key to get hey yeah so
I know you're wondering where it's been
I haven't shown my t√≠a couple birthday
but when she comes me today instead of
doing Starbucks why did I show my coffee
I didn't have pockets on my mom finger
show lately first kidding it's following
segments for every way I slid away you
know I got Jasmine dragging something
green tea
there was another naman that I forget
what it was it's so darn what up people
of the tube today's Thursday on another
date so those fail we are filming as you
can see I have my little study up
thanking in over here you're filming the
hall you guys have been wanting I don't
know about you guys I've gotten so many
tweets people being like the huge ho my
gosh I'm so excited my son it's coming
Saturday it's coming but I yeah through
so excited took us forever to figure out
how to show what clothes in which hall
and which stores and it was kind of
stressful for a second but yes so we are
going to do it seriously it was like
it's like my safe the other day ain't it
oh my gosh
and yeah yeah I love halls you guys know
those are my favorite this is epic Hall
Apocalypse Now should be just like
through I feel like everything oh gosh
like one big ol pile oh my gosh picture
we should take a picture of all our bags
we should oh my gosh yes yes we're doing
that yeah yeah yeah yeah yay okay so we
finished the hall
and now we're like rushing to go out the
door because we have to leave soon
because Sierra's flight is in like an
hour two hours to yours but we need to
get there early obviously so my room is
literally a mess from everything and
filming like a crazy shopping thing just
happened
I told you booty in LA so get excited
not too far away
oh I'm getting much
so it'll be a nice time I eat of my
mouth we got ice cream tea and it is
amazing
young long time no talk so we added an
all day we had a very productive day
guys really we edited no we broke up we
filmed and we just here to airport we
came back and we went to a look half a
thing and we edited and I'm sorry we
edited again and now we're going to the
gym I'm not excited I don't even know
what's going on right now
