hi guys so today is Monday it's weird I
feel like like because I'm on spring
break this week and I feel like my
spring break should be over soon because
we've done so much but in reality it's
like starting today so it's really
exciting
um but I just got back from the gym and
ah I have hiccups really bad oh my god
I've been dying okay oh I just got back
from the gym not too long ago and now I
am uploading my vlog from yesterday oh
my gosh hiccup I think we should just
have a chill cool day today I'm debating
going to Walmart and buying little
floaty rafts because that sounds amazing
to me I do not want to drive anywhere
and and that's cool cuz imma don't
really have to get ready because we're
seeing those two minks Ashley and I I
mean
Aaron's a mitzvah to Walmart just look
we got spring float Peppa soon they're
basically the like floating it because
we have a polar apartment complex and
working here sweetie I got two of those
I'm pretty excited oh and we got we've
been out of coffee and doesn't that look
freakin heavenly mudslide it says rainy
chocolate flavor slips into sweet
vanilla and caramel good I had to say
caramel because that sounds so much
better
caramel see ya yes oh my god
I can't hear sudah flatty's yeah getting
in the pool it's really cold and I look
like a nerd with this hat but um needs
some protection
I got my floaties so excited you don't
even know we go ready one two okay now
I'm good oh yes this is amazing this
guy's this is he's just he's a pillow
and a cup holder and a pillow you know I
had that thought if I dropped this I
would probably cry my iPhone screen
broke and I like drown my vlog camera
and seriously look like a guy I should
at least put this to this side
oh there I swear happy I'm so happy
right now guess what I'm in ask guess
what I'm in a huge melted snow me oh
it's taking her like 30 minutes to get
that far she's still not like all the
way in that bad once you get into come
will you go in all right okay fail
I forget if I told you we were planning
on doing a bonfire did I say that on
camera no idea we were planning on doing
a bonfire and then we decide to be
spontaneous and change your plans and
guess what we're doing cuz we're so
original and that's just yeah I like
shopping and you guys like shopping
because that means there are halls and
we were totally those lame people that I
went to Starbucks for like five minutes
just so we could use Wi-Fi my internet
sucks on here and I pretty much never
get any and I've already used 65% I saw
like three weeks left till I get it
renewed so we're both winning with the
whole cellular off because obviously
she's in a different country so we're
like we need Wi-Fi oh my gosh you guys
are these cutest puppy ever I want to
keep it oh hi little girl I want to be
on YouTube oh I want to take you home
we're gonna go to Urban Outfitters and
see how much damage we do I'll be
surprised if we don't get anything it's
both of our favorite store is it your
favorite stuff is definitely probably
top three for sure I'm sure
but they're a little big but everybody
liked them they were on sale so
hopefully they can find a smaller size
maybe feel secure it is a small inside
and if it's oh oh I think I'm good
so we both found some kimonos for Nora
now that you think we're gonna be
twitting because they're super super
cute that's one thing I love about like
not being a nice anymore like when
you're talking with your friends if you
can't get that I want that it doesn't
matter I think we did pretty good got
one two three four things last minute
ever all the stores are kind of closing
naps and now you're going to go star
bees babban bin today you guys know
what's one of my vlogs without going to
Starbucks at the green iced tea iced
green tea whatever you want to say
unsweetened but I put my stevia and it's
amazing that way Normandie
and we're scooping here antenna and hang
out for a little bit we've never had a
Starbucks II definitely shook amazing it
was freezing in Starbucks
no but warmer on happy uh
