hey guys good morning how are you I'm
very good kick blend so it is 11:29 i
just uploaded my New York vlog and then
I realized I should be vlogging right
now so that's what I'm doing I got ready
this morning I affect this I edited this
vlog and I just uploaded it guess what I
did
so you guys should go watch that if you
haven't yet and yeah sorry my room is
extremely messy
story of my life what else is new just
kind of reading your guys comments you
guys like really like what daily vlogs
that makes me happy because I love daily
vlogs and I love doing them for you guys
so the fact that you guys like them
makes me happy
yes come back action so yes I am I'm so
excited oh my gosh that's what I'm doing
at Target school supply shopping so I
came in and I saw they had all the
back-to-school stuff set up you know I
was first I was like I went out straight
over there and I don't even care like
how early it is I think I'm more excited
than like elementary school kids that
are here right now like guys haha so
yeah I'm really excited that means I can
fill the hall soon which is also
exciting I'm getting so much random
stuff I probably don't even need it
that is cute like the cork board Oh like
if you put four of them together yeah
it's a chalkboard
that'd be cute our kitchen underneath
the clock I like that a lot
even just the two I like got it I like
so I'm trying to pick out an agenda but
I think I am in the world's pickiest
agenda picker outer person I cannot
stand when they have the rings on that
like I want it just completely bound
together but they're never like that and
they always come out and it's just like
they would break on me and and I also
like getting the bigger ones like
visually I like that but I want it to be
small for like it to be compact like
this would be perfect
be so perfect because it's like huge I'm
so much room but it has spirals okay
like Christmas not really the kind of my
gosh highlighters oh my gosh
made some highlighters okay I have a
problem okay so we're on our way home
but we decided to stop somewhere Derby's
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
come on I'm a part of this
do you like a
yay so here's everything I bought I'll
give you a quick quick sneak peek before
my haul actually goes up so you told you
it was fast that's all you get to see
just kidding I'm like in love with
everything and seriously how cute is
this backpack oh my goodness I am so
excited yay yeah yeah yeah yeah yay what
up guys so I got minder glasses
just kidding why does it have to be nerd
why can't you see glasses like why is it
a stereotype that nerds have glasses I
don't I don't know but I'm not gonna lie
I definitely feel pretty dang smart
manganese alright $12 so Ashley left so
I'm kind of stuck filming by myself but
it kind of reminds me of like good old
days in YouTube back when I would film
everything myself once they moved which
was January Ashley started helping me
with my videos it's really hard filming
by yourself so I have my computer here
trying to focus me and trying get
everything set up but you have to always
go back to the camera and back to your
set and the bacteria it's a lot of work
and you can probably tell I'm filming
some back-to-school videos those will be
on my main channel obviously link is
always in the downbar I'm not sure if
people come across my vlog channel
before my main channel I feel like
everyone comes from my main channel but
in case you've never known my regular
videos I have a main channel and yeah so
I'm just gonna get some shots of me
studying here okay he's coming off I'm
not going to say what video it is but I
will say that I'm filming one that I
filmed last year that was extremely
popular so you got to wait what it is I
do this a lot so I just get him so I
just film at my school supply haul with
everything that I got this morning
um and I totally changed my outfit
because I filmed earlier and outfit that
I was wearing so that I was like whoa
definitely to change outfit I was rockin
nerd vibe which the hips hips to Nova
which I really like I love these glasses
I think I'm gonna wear them like every
single day now and Walden made a guest
appearance in this video so I honestly
have no idea when this videos going up
it might go up Saturday it
may go up in a couple weeks honestly
because I haven't really announced it
yet but I'm going on vacation so I have
to do a lot of pre filming and I feel
like a school supply haul would be good
just to have like just in case I need a
video while I'm gone
but at the same time like I really want
to upload it so that's exciting joy and
Walden and I had a photo session just
saying hey ready ready oh PS you should
follow me on Instagram that Phoebe Levin
will do it yeah
BAM look at that OTP like no other well
you have this pub you have Walden's
brother oh my gosh Sophia it's like
we've bonded ooh look at that angle look
at that angle you look so sexy Walden
I'm so weird um yeah so we had a photo
shoot and now I think I'm gonna go edit
this video I have so much editing to get
done so I just made a chocolate shake
and it's pretty good so yeah I'm just
sitting here drinking at my chocolate
shake I'm procrastinating on editing
because I know I have so much and while
I'm capacitating I'm watching some of
Tara's of blogs her thing is Tara
Michelle vlogs you guys should go watch
them because I love her blogs if you
like my long so public like her logs
there you go subscribe boom what up girl
haha gym time I don't want to go but I
gotta go oh I don't have to go but I'd
like to go so I'm gonna go
