hey guys so I'm in the cart now as you
can probably tell and my battery's
getting to die that is great
I see Sierra over there right now
picking her up and I'm really excited
okay okay
yeah so J is tomb Wednesday from
combining these vlogs because they
didn't get that much footage yesterday
and I have a feeling I'm not gonna get
that much footage today because it's
already 437 yay yeah that just kind of
happened don't really know how but it's
okay because it's here and I have a lot
a lot about a lot of editing to do so
that's kind of just her plan for today
so it's why Tim hog earlier because he
you really didn't miss anything it was
probably really boring hey you know I'm
surprised you actually got ready today
like you know props to us we're doing it
so I just fell into the intro to my
night routine which I rewarded myself I
made this coffee before I filmed my
intro and I told myself I would not take
a sip until it was done filming I don't
know is that sad that I have to use that
as like leverage leverage is that the
right word I don't know but I finished
filming so ah guys Sierra loves me she
loves me hahaha coffee Chris I mean like
it has coffee in the knee pretty obvious
what I like this she brought these last
year when she came out for August and
I'm like ate them on camera for like
trying him or whatever knows I know my
gosh is so good
these aren't ketchup chips touch-up you
guys I don't know if you know this but I
love ketchup like ketchup is my thang
yep so that's like I may have been mad
this is so good
so good I totally already ate the Kinder
Surprise by the way that was there too
but I ate it and then it came with this
like mini inside that was my surprise we
came to the convention center to get our
tickets like registered early
I suppose be like crazy tomorrow I was
like 16 I was in people coming like like
I guess it's like a starter thing
tonight there's actually people here
totally was not we are vain spectrum and
we are going to do a little bit of
shopping and we are gonna get some food
because we are starving got some steak
and I'm gonna bummed you don't have the
regular veggies that like they normally
always have here got the chickens
and Ava is not here coming
Roger hey blog
son you saw how much
just like embodying the same time
sprin Nordstrom and equals nine minutes
and we're still looking for stuff so you
got some shoots though so this is were
something I feel like I have stuff at
home so I'm not like looking too hard
but if something stands out to me like
you need this Lucia then I would
definitely buy it so that was a very
very successful shopping trip we all aim
literally we get there and they're like
we're closing in ten minutes you're like
crap so we all just like dispersed and
one everywhere and we each got like
we've splurged - we've got stuff I like
sometimes there's a little shopping on
trips like I was in it
yeah Sierra's words I got a dress and
headband and some shoes oh my gosh at a
glance I literally thought that was made
oh my gosh Meg if you're watching this
you literally thought that was Meg that
looks just like her his name is Meg oh
my gosh what the heck what dang so we're
on our way so guys freaking forth I word
if I'm parking we like circle the block
up with Jillian times not cute donor I'm
going right now no I came to VidCon this
year it's just us literally what two
three people have already been like or
you go that way okay apparently we're
not in the right spot hey so I don't
know what is this call technically it is
3d scanning and I'm 3d printing 3d
scanning and printing and basically I'm
getting like my own little they just
like took a picture and they went around
and scan we like the sounds weird but it
was
then it like prints out until like the
3d thing which is awesome there's gonna
be I'm going to have that but we need
like it's not so crazy taking a little
information that we recorded so we
recorded your depth using infrared and
then the camera of the iPad captured the
color putting it back in now boom there
you are
so in a week you're gonna have a little
version of yourself thanks so much so
now we are on our way to lunch I'm not
sure if remember Kobe never go with
options where we're extremely hungry and
it's been awesome eating so many of you
already like it was really fun you guys
awesome it's been fun I really had no
idea what to expect from my for this at
all but it's really fun so I'm excited
to see you at their house and tomorrow
it's Saturday yeah a flooding tomorrow
so I just have some view I would on my
daily blog so this will go up this week
okay great and now I've set it so it has
to go this week there you go
you're awesome
