Samia Ashley are going to do some
errands right now and where are we going
we're going to let's go to Target
Marshalls and then hopefully that's all
we need to do but the rights anymore
but I think I think that's all I saw a
couple last-minute things to do before
tomorrow because Sierra me are coming
over so the first place is Ross to find
she's bathroom stuff and some black
velvet hangers because I really got to
finish my closet so I'm looking for like
bathroom stuff like this and I found
this one which I saw the rest of the set
up at the front too kind of like so
we'll see here's the other one it looks
kinda like that
yeah maybe no I can talk
so I pretty much live at Target if you
guys haven't noticed I'm here do you
guys ever do this where you move all of
them just so you can get the one in the
very back because it looks like it's the
desk
I just what are you doing ash hey lookin
born tissues she's a cold you know you
didn't even look sick though she has a
cold
friends oh do you guys like these like
tree ranch jewelry hanger things I kind
of want to get this for my bedroom I
think it'd look cute to have like all my
necklaces and stuff
I don't know I'm debating and I should
probably I could probably make this for
way cheaper so I decided that I pretty
much live at Target because I'm here all
the time and my last not my last vlog
the vlog before that I had a chart off
this vlog I'm here at Target and yeah so
just made a unanimous decision that I
guess where we are now yeah
the best place to come to if you're sick
so I highly recommend that you guys try
it out if you're sick because if you put
hot sauce in it like the chilly stop you
you'll be able to breathe so I right
here right now can you believe that
after buying 34 more hangers I still
need more I mean I have everything
pretty much hung up now except I have a
whole load of laundry to do so that's
like I've made progress a lot I've
actually cleaned out my closet for the
most part and so I got rid of that big
box that was there and kind of organized
all that those are my studio lights um
and they do collapse but I tried doing
it only move and it was just kind of
hard so I just left them like that and
so I have actually have a warp Runa I
have like a little random stuff that
afternoon eventually I want to get some
like shoe racks or something so
basically all those will be stacked in
like what would look like a bookshelf or
something you didn't mean like a couple
um organizing things like that so those
won't just all be there on the floor but
that's what my closet looks like now for
the most part I have my purses up there
and my shoes so now I am organizing my
makeup right now because I was so tired
of having that box right there so I got
rid of it but most of my makeup is in
here I'm trying to get it to fit in here
somewhat organized eventually I want to
get some trays and stuff to like
organized all and if I'm talking finite
it's cuz I have my wet Newt reason if
you're wondering you see I have a
feeling this won't be not organized but
I can try my hardest right yay are you
guys ready for this though I am quite
proud of myself I did not think it would
look that good but I got all my makeup
in there and down here I have just like
makeup wipes toothpaste that kind of
stuff and then in here I have my like
backup makeup drawer of like new
products that I have an open yet and
then some hair stuff and then under here
I have similar products and then my
candles and stuff like that like I got I
really organized I am so excited and
then up here I have all my hairspray and
body mist and stuff like that so yeah
I'm really excited finally all of that
done I still have to clean up a little
bit in that corner and for the most part
first do not mind my makeup all over my
face I haven't taken it off all the way
I'm sorry now I'm watching the third and
final dance that came out for dance
showdown which is super exciting I made
it to the finals and yes I should
definitely go watch it vote for me I
will love you for ever if you vote for
me comment in the comments tell me if
you do and I'll try to reply to every
single one of you because you are
awesome seriously I was like so much I
this is my favorite dance that I did and
the judges really liked it but yeah so
it's on danceOn with their danceOn and
then to vote all you have to do I have
to do is go to danceOn calm find my
video which is right here and then you
want to sign in I'll do Twitter and then
after 30 seconds it will say vote now
and all you have to do is vote and Booya
so yeah if you guys can mover me I will
seriously love you forever right now I'm
in fourth place but it just came out
today so like they renew and stuff but
yeah hopefully hopefully so awesome if I
went I went to 50 grand definitely not
getting my hopes up but I mean who
doesn't want to win 50 grand right this
is the one good thing about not being
able to sleep productivity comes out of
it I literally have
I did a whole video and I made a new end
slate yes excited I've been meaning to
do that for ever since I started YouTube
I just was way too lazy and now I'm like
okay that was really not that hard why
did it take me so long
um yeah noise yeah so I think I'm gonna
go to bed now because it's late I'm not
tired at all so I'm going to read a
little bit out of my devotional and
hopefully that will like make me go to
sleep so I will see you guys in my next
vlog I am
