hello guys so it's 1118 right now and I
kind of got a late start on the day
lately I've been waking up around 8:00
and today I woke up at like 9:30 um but
it's ok it's good every now and then so
this morning I uploaded my vlog it went
up not too long ago so yeah you guys
should go watch that my dad came down
which is really exciting so my sister
and him are at Walmart right now I think
and so he's just gonna spend the day
with us and I'm really hoping he can
help me put up those panels right there
I really want them up because that's the
one reason why I haven't filmed anything
yet I remember because I really want
those up in the background so if we can
get those up then I'm definitely gonna
film a video today for my main channel
and that'll be my first video in my new
room which is exciting so I think I'm
just gonna do a Q&A so I can kind of
talk to you guys and just be like oh so
I got in your room you know and I also
want to mention that I'm going to I'm at
so I'm all mentioned it in that video
but yeah if you don't know I'm going to
IMATS
um next week in Pasadena which is
exciting I'll be there most likely both
days for sure Saturday probably just a
little bit on Sunday and I also want to
put up my curtains that I got yesterday
which will go up a bar which I'm super
excited about and then after that I'm
pretty sure my room is like everyone's
done it besides a little like little
things to go on my dresser and stuff I
still have to like you know make make
that look all cute
so outfit of a ZJ at a time my shirt is
from brandy melville my bra is from
forever21 my jeggings are from American
Eagle and I don't have my shoes on yet
I'll probably put where my Steve Madden
riding boots I'm thinking so we went to
lunch at the corner bakery and as my
first year here goes really good I've
always you know got a place
I've never tried it before she's really
good I mean suit and I have like chicken
sandwich organizing and I totally forgot
to vlog it so I'm sorry but I want to
show you guys I come to look book with
Chris Thompson and polish just came out
today so you guys should definitely
watch it
so you should definitely go watch it and
like it on the Polish channel if you're
not subscribed it doesn't do that do it
there
I really like starting job and again
eyes on the Polish Channel it's not on
my channel and I'm polishing a security
yeah so we got home and look what we put
on yeah we finally put the panel up so
this is what it looks like above the
dresser I'm gonna try to film a video
just like a Q&A or something but this is
most likely gonna be like the background
of my videos something like that
something like this will probably be the
background over more videos and I want
to raise my headboard a little bit just
so you can see it a little better so I
was filming as you can see and my
battery died
yeah an hour to wait for that's charged
a little bit so I can finish a bit yo I
have to say though I really like the
setup I was like pretty happy with it
especially being like the first video
here you guys fail everything was going
good and then my battery decided to die
and then by the time it was charged and
the Sun went down way too much to where
my room was like yellow forgot to take a
thumbnail in the beginning so that would
have been yellow to call that filming
for nothing so now we're at Lowe's
and they're not gonna have it wait
please I have got everywhere to get this
like I'm bout to it this has been such
an adventure trying to get Kurt anything
Kurt guys first which tour video first
target harp which I'm going to target at
home and then we went to won't worry I'm
gonna miss farmer wanted nothing so then
I had to go to Home Depot no you want to
Lowe's first no I went to Lowe's but you
dad to get you your themes which didn't
it they didn't have so we had to go to
Home Depot and the wrong size curtain
rod they went along right they didn't
have the right curtain rod so then we
got attire back to Lowe's go back to low
see it is fun and I'm so excited
that's been my name so I'm quite excited
oh my gosh you guys oh my gosh are you
ready for this is the magical moment
something goes wrong I mean give up
together over it on it looks good it
totally finishes it of it yeah close it
I feel like something has to be wrong
right now so much scale wrong today it
pulls a little too pulls a little long
no it looks good though it's too long
it's too long no uh the curtains are up
that's good stuff I don't know do you
guys think we should move the side so
more curtain covers I got these from
Target if you want me
we're gonna get or I have the best yeah
you know the best part of the day is
taking your makeup off so I just took
shower and now I'm gonna go to bed
because superdude and have to get
apparently because we're surprising your
dad tomorrow we're going to Disneyland
for exciting um but I want to film the
morning before we go so hopefully I can
do that but I'm gonna go to bed
thanks so much for watching guys I'll
see you tomorrow bye
