good morning guys so for today's plans
we are going to head back unto our
parents house because we have to pick up
a few more things and then Ashley has to
teach she teaches on drumlin gives gem
lessons and stuff and she's a student
tonight then I have a dentist
appointment so we have that later am I
gonna see my boys today I'm so excited
Theo and Toby are my two dogs I miss
them so so so much I'm so I'm so excited
to see them here's an outfit of the day
for you we're going really casual as you
can probably tell I haven't even done my
hair yet but I'm just gonna put it up
and because I've been dying for a
workout recently I feel like I haven't
like really worked out a long time so
when we go home I'm gonna work out so I
was like why not just getting comfy
clothes all today so my makeup is so so
simple I just have a liquid liner and
mascara on and then like some foundation
and stuff like that and then for my
outfit I'm wearing this jacket that I
got from a cheer competition and then a
Victoria Secret t-shirt just wanna plain
like Phoenix and then my workout pants
are really cute they have like a pink
band right here
and they're from the site le and then
I'm just wearing my Nikes I really need
to get new ones because these are like
falling apart I had to glue the sole
back going so she's probably some new
one but yeah that is what I am wearing
look what we are watching I just
uploaded a new blog this morning so
you're watching it on Ashley's iPad and
it may be fun to do this yeah whoa need
like three moons cuz it was me filming
this tell me a bag of mine which was
filming me again Oh blog section
yeah for your toy got this toy box -
your dua I told you are you I miss you I
miss you sit shake shake good boy come
on good boy
Nelly damn good boy you so handsome love
you ready quick so we went out to lunch
a Mexican place and I'm sorry that's my
mama daddy's over there somewhere I am
quite excited to be all of this because
today so we're in HomeGoods now and I'm
looking for the perfect shower curtain
but now it's hard because I bought those
towels and I'm kind of like find one
that matches perfectly there's none that
I like love but I really could use like
it's like this color kind of I feel like
I don't like this pattern it's just like
flowers and yeah put up this one it's
like a whole bunch of ruffles no take
this one - the other thing is I need
more blue so have like maybe I should go
buy more towel or you can get like this
soap dispenser I looked at instantly you
guys I'm a fail I totally just forgot to
vlog well I went to the dentist that's
not that exciting
but I did get new refills for my like my
whitening stuff I haven't done that in
like over a year so that's exciting I
guess and then after that we just kind
of hung out at home with our parents and
the boys and and we left and then we
went to Target totally forgot to vlog
there did some damage but it was all
like it doesn't feel that special
because it's kind of like stuff I knew I
was gonna get like a shower curtain and
stuff like that you guys one more mini
target home maybe maybe will that make
up for my lack of vlogging ya know so as
you can see it's like Christmas here
because about some stuff so the first
thing yeah some dark is this
hello my bed above into I have a million
different pillows and stuff so I saw
this at Target I thought was cute it
matched like perfectly and yes I got
that and that was $25 um miss this is
kind of boring but I got two towels
because they're on sale for four dollars
and fifty cents and I was like people
are gonna go to visit and they're not
gonna have any towels so my house will
get some calls for just plain white
towels pretty boring I feel like your
old person in that I'm excited about
towels but whatever got some hooks for
my shower curtain because I do you guys
know if you watch my other vlogs I don't
have that up yet so I got those on and
then I got a shower curtain liner then I
got my shower curtain which I am really
excited about it has it's the shower
curtain by the threshold right the white
pinch pleats it's like really cams alike
please like all throughout stuff yeah I
got created I'm really excited to put up
but I still have to get a curtain rod
because they didn't have a white I got
these ones from biggie simply
shabby-chic one which is the same line
as my duvet like comforter if you're
wondering and so I got two sets
everything from Target and I kind of
thought it was more because there's a
lot more expensive of the things but
then at HomeGoods I'm not sure if I ever
showed you guys exactly what I bought
but and use some more pillows because I
have a bunch of like Hello covers but no
no no pillows so in spot too I feel like
so all all the stuff is boring and then
the best for last I got a little shower
caddy
but yes I got it and as you can tell
this isn't the type of polymer I put on
my life main channel so I added my new
pillows to my bed and I feel like it
looks like a million times better now oh
look so come on jump in it and then I
put up my shower coat in which looks
like that um if there's still kind of
wrinkly I need to take a shower so this
team can kind of fix it I want to get
one of these like like a turquoise color
bath mat right here because I had this
white one over here but I put it over
there so if I can get a turquoise one
here so it kind of like brings the whole
color together and
this is so lame so here's the shower
caddy right right right
it doesn't fit on the shower thing it's
really depressed about that I'm not
gonna lie so I'm gonna put a few more of
these things up and then I think I'm
just gonna go to bed so I will say bye
to guys right now hope check this vlog
as always thumbs up for more vlogs and I
will hopefully see you guys tomorrow bye
