you guys use me and my mom just got the
keys to the apartment so I give you guys
a quick tour before my sister and dad
and get here because they're gonna be
putting in all of like the furniture and
stuff so I want to show you guys like a
quick apartment tour so here's what it
looks like when you walk in living room
there's a little patio and dining room
and all kitchen and then you come over
her was gonna be my sister's room she
was so much better lighting in hers in
mine I don't know what to do then
laundry's over here and my bedroom so
I'm super excited to start decorating in
here because I have it like all pinned
up pretty much I think then here is my
bathroom
yay and then in here is my favorite part
I guess ready finis my closet is so big
oh my gosh
I like I am so excited I was so excited
and wife I just called and said that
they're gonna be here in 10 minutes
which makes me so excited because I
thought I was gonna have to go like a
week without Wi-Fi and I thought I was
gonna die but luckily it's coming here
today so does Ashley do you like her
place I assisted the Wi-Fi guy was like
what do you need super fast Wi-Fi for
and I was like um I I and I like Kristin
I was like he's like well what do you
that was like it's for work and he's
like what what do you do and I was like
I'm um I you like do you work from home
oh yeah I don't know that probably
sounded worse they're not saying
I'd be like oh I'm I'm a youtuber I
don't know people don't get that like
they don't get it so we've gotten some
progress here is my bed and it's not
like put together at all like these are
just kind of screwed on here um and my
headboard and that's just there for now
until I get a new light and then these
babies I mentioned it a couple months
ago that I got these from Pier one
um they were on sale so I didn't have to
pay full retail which is awesome
and I haven't even taken them out of the
boxes yet I figured it'd be easier to
move with them already like brand new in
the boxes so I haven't taken him out
till today and I am like I am in love
you guys they're so pretty they're the
thunder from pure one on the shatter or
mosaic damask panels I think that's what
they're called right now I have my bed
kind of off centered so I was planning
show you what I was thinking think about
sitting here on the edge of my bed and
having my camera here so you'll see
basically this background okay so I
solved natural light which is awesome
and you'll see my bed and then you'll
also see like I want to have those
panels up there on the wall I don't
think I have enough room for the bigger
dresser from Ikea because I wanted this
mirror to be in the corner right here
like that but I don't have enough room
for that and the bigger dresser so my
options are keep the mirror there get a
smaller gesture and have those on the
wall here or get rid of the wall or the
mirror and put that in this corner and
have the bigger dresser with that those
staggered kind of like you know
staggered right there above it and now I
have to fill up the closet it's gonna
take quite a while because I have that
and these boxes are full of clothes like
I've so many clothes
wish me luck hey guys it's so it's 9:20
one
I'm so so tired today just been crazy
most most of stuff is in there's still
quite a bit we have to have um still
unpack mostly like clothes and like
little stuff like that but most big
stuff is done so right now I'm editing
um tomorrow's video because I want to
have that up tomorrow um and it's a
what's in my backpack video and I did
one in summer um but this one's like I
don't know I like this one better just
because it's showing what's really in my
backpack
um what halfway almost halfway through
the school year I'm editing on my news
I'm so excited you guys do you see this
this huge oh my gosh it's amazing it
literally is amazing I don't have a
mousepad yet um I want to get a glass
top for my desk and this is my desk
it's from Walmart online I really really
like it
super cute um so either until I get
glass and I don't I just want to like
scratch this up with the mouse yeah so
that's kind of what's going on I'm so
tired but I really want to get this done
I have most the clips done I just have
to do some like color settings and music
stuff like that but big I'm like oh my
gosh I'm so excited just about moving
and I don't know like I'm just so
excited for instance one little thing I
could never vlog in my room at home
because it was so pink like I could only
like vlog in one spot because the
lighting in here was like budget
vlogging and I loved it so I'm going to
finish editing this and I will see you
guys tomorrow I'll vlog again we're
gonna go to Ikea and get my dresser and
nightstand a couple little more things I
think we have so much shopping to do
tomorrow I need to get like a bunch of
bathroom stuff so you guys can come
along for that
yeah I guess I'll see you guys later I'm
just going to say night now because I'm
gonna go to bed the second I'm done
editing this video thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog hi
