money so today we're going to go to
Huntington Beach because Sierra has some
stuff that she wants to film and we
figured why not cuz why not
Nia is not here because she had to get
her hair done
we're just gonna have a relaxing day and
you haven't been like day one I know
what time is it 107 so guys I'm on my
way to the pool because Sierra was
filming sparks there and I still had a
French to grow dates and I'm going
through there and maybe sneak up on her
catch your film in action see if I can
be sneaky who knows okay so I purposely
went back
yes guys we got three one oh my god ya
wanna find friends you're like I'm like
hey actually I literally say hey like 10
times I'll be like hey guys hey guys hey
guys and then I'd like take the best one
that I like it takes me forever she's
convinced her hair looks horrible I love
your hair she got a dip ombre and it
snacks you can only tell miss budding so
this is what it looks like to film it's
quite awkward cute
okay so now you're a peach and I took
years to get a her bonsai Bowl and I
bonded
not talking I just here to the bonsai
bowl which is like an amazing place
do you like it's like heaven right oh my
gosh so good it takes a little while for
them to make it like it's super sweet
and the honey is like amazing and the
coconut oh I didn't get what I really
wanted one though so we are here by the
shops and we're going to film an outfit
for her and kind of yeah Wendy so she's
breathing
we're hackathon essential I'm so cute
surfer feline like sex very gay
yeah I'm here 10 bucks Pacquiao just
bought it no okay guys so we're home now
and yeah we're gonna pack up and head
over to Mia's house because you're gonna
go to church tomorrow morn because it's
Easter you got to go to church on Easter
and my sister is drumming so that's
gonna be fun and yes time cannot like
packing up food and what's not right now
Sierra is taking a shower and I really
don't want to do dishes let's uh let's
take the obvious here boo and we stopped
by Starbucks again because you guys know
what my coffee wanna do dishes bash it's
gonna come while she's gonna be like you
didn't do dishes booby mode means you're
gonna watch this and realize I thought
about it and burp
the era she's like 10 black man he's
looking for a Pinkberry keep on octave
order really good guy but I have Japan
you don't nest on can you read that some
of it
my friends hate me thinking I'm a freak
believe me no you're leaving me
aha you're now and be as clear spoiler
alert
finish it before you guys you literally
do it right before he came it looks so
cute though what's up and there's my
corner I already have a designated
corner I love it he's the smart one
so I'm gonna go to bed because we gotta
get up early just kidding I know we're
gonna be up later but I know this vlog
so busy bye
if something real interesting happens I
promise I'll film it but um I'll see you
guys tomorrow love you
