morning a hyper 9 sleepy so we're having
breakfast I made a berry smoothie then I
have some eggs a sausage from Trader
Joe's that's like not me but it tastes
like me and it's really good and then a
piece of Ezekiel toast and I about to
eat all of this don't mind my awesome
physique going on right now so now it is
239 and I just found a tutorial on this
look if my everyday winter makeup
routine and I know it's not winter
technically yet but this is definitely
gonna be my go-to look um probably for
the next couple of months just because I
bought me actually got this for me as a
present I'm kind of like a sorry for the
car accident that we got into and then
also because I was I'm helping her film
a couple videos um for the Polish
channel but you did not have to get it
for me but I'm not gonna lie I'm totally
cool because I am in love with it okay
so you guys are probably wondering why I
didn't do any fog mitts videos or why am
I just now starting flogging fail at
vlogmas you guys I am a huge fan I said
I was gonna do it and I was really
looking forward to it and then the first
day I forgot my vlog camera out on my
phone the footage was on so all of it
like looked horrible like the quality
and it was just horrible so I didn't
upload that one and then my battery died
in my vlog camera couldn't find my
charger for two weeks I found it
yesterday and I was so excited when I
found it I was like oh my gosh I can
finally vlog now and it was actually
kind of perfect timing because yesterday
was my last final so I am officially on
winter break which is really exciting I
don't start to school again till the end
of January so my videos like you
remember summer my videos where Monday
Wednesday Friday consistently I'm really
hoping to do that again like it's gonna
be a lot more consistent I'm hoping to
vlog not daily I mean I'll try to do
daily but as much as I can and yeah so
I'm definitely gonna be blogging a lot
more now that I found my charger it was
in my closet that's a whole other story
you guys when I see this Mac maybe 11
exposed what is this
I can't even walk in here this is so bad
so bad oh my gosh I am ashamed to be
behind a camera pleased it pray for them
it's a pretty Toby where are you going
what do you want Oh is there a toy if
you know there's no toy what do you want
what do you want whoa what do you want
what tell me sit shake Jake best
licorice ever
so I'm here picking out outfits because
me and our Mia and I are going to an
event tonight with a Gavi hair agaves
hair um and this would come with so
FAR's so change of plans i heerd me off
hey I'm not putting Oviatt of you we're
not going to the events night anymore
because we did not want to go I don't
know it seemed rush we don't want to be
rushed so we decided it's just hello
filming and editing mags in forever
since we've had time to have an editing
party where we both have legit stuff to
add it like anytime I'm press up to edit
she never does and she goes up you know
so so yes or in this like little
Christmasy spot we're gonna film some
shots of my makeup for Jai's video that
I thought we can kind of see it good
lucky
so this is what it looks like when we
close my video I always like shouted I
mean oh you shoulda seen it the linemen
on the rock lay down on a boulder on a
clip that money that but I didn't like
jump onto another bull do check that's
crazy
so she's telling my a big shot
so we got our food and we both are
splitting the patent I which is so good
and then I got the soup which I've no
idea what it's called but I know they
said please serve this at lunch like we
can so in target now and we came here
for what give me four nail polish strips
and eggs bread eggs and also I want bath
mats
how many every one thing you never leave
it with that one thing my that's
Christmas here's a heart huh no that's
definitely not Christmas either scold on
it anybody give him far away so since I
didn't get to go to the event tonight I
got to show you guys an offer today so
what I was wearing what I would have
worn if we went oh I'm wearing this is
long-sleeved white shirt that I got from
Hollister a tank and this cardigan from
urban my favorite real in black skirts
black back highs from Charlotte Russe
and these cute look duties that are from
Steven Malden
all you ever did was yeah you forever
but I got this a really good Instagram
shot that I really cool you guys uh you
like that he has interpret really really
did good a cool shot boy Aloha by um
Instagram you gotta follow me
that's all you all that now if you're
not follow me on instagram you really
should because yeah i stepped on my
instagram game guys because of mia she
did inspired me her her instagram i was
literally like a tumblr like it's so
pretty and mine was always like food and
bourbon different out of it was fat so
so now my fate my food looks like like
gourmet food because i added because
actually gotta edit them map so we have
productive evening we were editing till
5:20 a.m. that's what time it is right
now why am i awake a fetus faces penis
basis
peace yeah on the street
unless what Oh night
