so welcome to the behind-the-scenes of
making my vlogmas 2017
intro so we're pretty much filming the
very first shot I'm so excited I really
hope you guys like that one two ready go
welcome to behind the scene if you don't
know if all this is basically it is
where a whole bunch of youtubers vlog
every single day vlog my flog miss log
miss luggage vlogs monogamous vlogmas
from December 1st to December 25th you
know me I like being extra hence this
end drop and the behind the scenes I
decided to vlog everyday in December
because you know why it like why not
it's only a few more days dude let's be
were so every year I make a really cute
little intro for it and all of them have
to do with Chloe messing up what I'm
doing the first year I fell from a tree
the second ear Chloe messes up my cake
this year I was like what's a more extra
and a three-tier cake you know what's
more extra an ice sculpture I've been
like cringing just saying it myself I
know I named the ice sculpture Hubert
he's very cold I've been wanting to do
this I think this might be my favorite
intro yet okay so we've done quite a bit
like we filmed half of it already it was
very fun filming this one Ashley that is
a prop when people think you have a crew
low key Ashley and John we had to take
turns being underneath the table for it
to be rocking to look like the whole
thing was moving
that was funny next shot I get to fall
with the ice sculpture so that should be
very fun and hopefully we get it in one
take it's good right now I just want it
falls on us your hands
1 2 3 and of all it was a little heavy
not as heavy as I thought though so when
I slipped your spell I genuinely was a
little terrified because I thought it
was gonna crash the entire window
luckily it didn't we just have a little
dent in the window holding but we can
get that back of course
Chloe was like the star though anyways
okay so the next thing we're gonna get
is Chloe being next to the ice sculpture
and then making it like start shaking
are you ready for your close-up babe
we didn't really know where to put the
ice sculptures once we were done so we
have this whole other ice sculpture we
don't know what to do with this so we're
trying to give the best way to get rid
of it so we figure just throwing it into
the pool should work those things were
heavy let's just throw it in the pool
bye buddy
so I hope they get one seeing a little
behind the scenes of the intro don't
forget to check in and tune in every day
for vlogmas so I'm gonna be vlogging
everything okay I don't even know what
am I gonna do for that many days like
this crazy yeah how does a rap on the
vlog miss 2017 intro so I hope that you
love it coming along in my life for all
of December I'm so excited and there may
or may not be a little and giveaways up
in there so get excited for that - okay
love you guys
Oh
gonna wrap that's a wrap
that's a wrap what that's a wrap Hey
