good morning guys just kidding good
after and late afternoon it's like three
light is all you said it's three o'clock
and Ashley and I are filming my second
outfit for my lookbook I did one a
couple weeks ago um so we are in LA
right now we're in Hollywood we are in
some really pretty trails that we found
last time we were coming up to the
Hollywood sign for like hiking and stuff
we found these trails I'm like in love
with them so that's where we are right
now quite excited we're gonna take
pictures now they haven't started yet so
hopefully it goes by fast and then we're
gonna go get dinner it's later stuff
fucus do you guys want to see what I'm
wearing Ashley could you get some an
outfit of the day
do you notice
yeah I didn't it was like it was traffic
oh I'm and then this shirt is also
commercial it's actually sure it's not a
dress so I got the district marshal and
this is actually a Palooza brandy skirt
that's like really high rise right now
and I'm wearing it up here and then do
this will help it mushroom marshals oh
my gosh shoes are commercials we're
gonna do yours Carlos up in smoke the
other nose and these socks I got from
Charlotte Russe so marshals all the way
apparently my hair straight from once
I'm a mom and then I just twisted my
bangs back
when I'm with the surrey-canada 60d when
I shoot my videos with guys always
asking me this is a sigma 30 millimeter
one point berlin's and then I also have
a Canon 24-70 20 look how cute this
bridge is ooh I like this I like this do
you say like this stuff falling that
looks so pretty are the stuff the leaves
I'm happy I'm happy
which is very rare for shooting days
because I'm such perfectionist but I'm
really loving the sliding like no
freakin other it's amazing no you look
like you live Lynch ed Steadicam look at
that exactly cuz then give her like oh
she's good she's good ready to do this
what was that I'm mad dogging people mad
dogging me they were looking at me okay
so this is what's going on we're trying
to get a shirt shirt skirt shot we got
this we got this
somewhere fish yeah yeah we have
officially been told no mortar our
battery died so
it's okay though that means we got a
full batteries worth we have a lot of
footage to go through we're gonna go get
some food what time is it okay or hey
guess what time is what's how do we get
sick I'm not using this time change I
freaking love it like it sticks o'clock
it's still like really nice now so I'm
gonna take Ashley to two degrees on
sunset she has it's like a different
vibe than Irvine I think definitely and
then maybe after we go to the Grove if
we're still feeling like staying out
here if we really want to get home we
can go home but be nice day to beat
traffic so
did your honor said that's maybe what we
do I don't even know it I said
so baby I'm super excited
you always get this rolling every
chicken in those games
extra veggies and then I also got
the person we took you here I was
vlogging
so we are back so now we are going to go
to the gym because we didn't go
yesterday so that means we have to go
Saturday we try to go every single day
like Monday through Friday but if we
miss the day during the week that means
work over the weekend but since we
already missed yesterday we don't want
to like have to do Sunday too so yeah
what am i doing right now I'm going up
with my water bottle but what about o2
mo mo ah it's not just you on the
cabinet oh okay so we're gonna go gym
and you will be back
it is 10:17 up ooh um it was really good
today
would you agree so now I'm drinking my
protein shake because we got our store
our muscles oh baby here you know we're
looking at the footage from today me me
me I don't really like those I don't
like any of it oh I thought I was kind
of cute so believe it or not my new room
is actually cleaned today then I was
trying to find an outfit for today
seriously oh my gosh
I really do want to start blogging again
I used to before school I was logging in
like every single day it was awesome but
now my schedules is kind of crazy so I'm
gonna try to block um yeah I'm just
gonna get back with the swing of things
and stuff so yeah I'll see you guys
later
