hey guys so today it's like a beauty
guru editing and filming very productive
day which I've been loving I'm here at
so Monica and Shelby's apartment and
Ava's in the other room she's on tiny
chat right now and we are filming I mean
she'll be our collabing on like a
healthy snacks video because we both did
a healthy breakfast one and really why
don't we collab and do snacks so that's
what we're doing and then me and Monica
filmed a drugstore makeup haul which
will be up on Monday and yeah so this is
like a little setup we have going on
right now kind of behind the scenes
status we have our director and producer
and cinematographer oh sorry
so we're producers and others and okay
starring and Mike and science so yeah
this is what it kind of looks like
behind scenes looks so official we did
one recipe for Shelby's but that one's
gonna take the longest so we should be
good
um and now she's finishing another one
and ava is on tiny chat so I've been
sitting here talking you guys just fine
you guys are my vlog say hi hi hi oh hi
hey people maybe you'll see your
username oh yeah oh that's cool hi yay
so yeah but today we are all changing
our beauty and fashion channels to
Cooking Channel it's official we're no
longer doing good uni videos just
kidding but we're literally all doing
our videos ava is making pita chips
right now Monica is
a cookie or whatever is really yummy
like banana peanut butter dipped in
chocolate sticks like I'm really excited
to try this wait for some space this is
what happens when Beauty goos are
together and we take out all of our
cameras seriously like this is what
YouTube has come to it's quite funny and
I'm holding my vlog camera which was
there before me and Shelby filmed the
Apple I don't know what to call the sin
of apple cinnamon like it she what she
was right it tastes like apple cider
almost cuz it's heated up he's really
good yeah me snack Alicia my friend
totally told me about this recipe now
we're doing a veggie plate with hummus
so now what is it challenge and it's
freakin hilarious because you're like my
whole everything feels so much weirder
like a fiber Snyder's hit scared think
you're afraid to legs go
finger on the top here it's not as bad
as you think I literally have no idea
blind
I wouldn't recommend touching this oh my
god oh my god
