morning it's 9:40 and I'm probably been
laying in bed for like an hour now so I
guess I should actually get up and so my
sister surprised me and got me Starbucks
today I'm so excited it's one of those
days where I just I just really needed
it and everyone asks me anytime I post
it on Instagram I generally get the same
thing every single time and that is an
iced white chocolate mocha with nonfat
milk and knowit cream it's amazing I
absolutely love it um and also so right
now I'm I'm downstairs and I'm on the
youtubes checking stuff and um I've
gotten I woke up to so many messages and
comments and everything saying that
someone's faking uh my giveaway which I
had a feeling this is gonna happen like
I knew it was gonna happen but I didn't
think it would happen this fast like I
just uploaded this video on Friday and
it ends August 9th and three days later
someone's messaging people saying oh I
decided to end it early um
you won like really and I apparently
like it's a link and it costs money or
something when you put your information
in and I would not have you guys pay for
anything like I'm paying for the
shipping
I bought other prizes obviously um and
I'm gonna announce the winner on August
9th just like I said um and yeah so I'm
so sorry if it got any of your hopes up
I felt so bad having to tell people I
was like oh my gosh um so yeah just
verify that it's me click the account
make sure um that it's me this what this
person they did Mac baby 11 but they
took out the a so it was MC BBY one one
I'm not sure if there will be others I'm
sure there will be so just be careful
and be sure to like click the link make
sure it's my channel and people are also
wondering how I'm gonna announce the
winner and like get that information and
stuff and I'm gonna announce it on my
Facebook fan page my Twitter and my
Instagram saying the username and so my
links are on the damn bar you can go
follow me on all that stuff and then
also I'm personally gonna message the
winner on my YouTube account Mac baby 11
and say that they won can I have your
shipping address and that stuff so um
just be careful I don't want you guys
getting in any scam
they're having to like pay money or
anything I would feel so horrible as
that happened and say I just wanted to
warn you guys so yeah please please
please be careful hoodies be careful so
I don't have too much going on today um
I actually coach a high school cheer
team and we have practice today and
that's at 1:00 and it's 12:00 right now
so I have about half an hour telling
need to leave um and then after that I'm
actually leaving that early because I
have a hello style like live Google
hangout which I did two weeks ago the
first one I did and it was so much fun
and there was Seventeen magazine so it's
really exciting they do the beauty
smarties showdown and the winner Chloe
like host the Hangout and I did it last
time and then this is the second time
I'm doing it so it's really fun it's us
with them like a whole bunch of gurus
and we're just talking about like summer
and like beauty trends and fashion and
stuff so this week it's with um Chloe
the winner Casey sparkly Barbie and
Julia so that'll be really fun so I'll
show you guys that process I have to set
up and everything but yeah so right now
I'm kind of figuring out what I should
wear I have to keep in mind that I'm
gonna be dancing cuz I'm coaching so I
need to kind of wear like workout
clothes and stuff and then I guess I'll
just so here's my closet it's definitely
like that what is this that's not cute
at all so yeah I have a closet tour that
was so old so maybe I'll do like an
updated one I don't know it's not it's
not closet it's kind of kind of messy
and dirty I'm still in the process of
getting one of these hangers I love them
so much so I have a coupon for a Bed
Bath and Beyond so I'm going to
hopefully my next paycheck by the law I
think I need like two more sets like of
18 maybe I don't know I don't know I
keep buying too much clothes Mike I like
I really I really need to start and have
you guys heard of the app Poshmark where
you can like sell your clothes it's like
eBay like a like a garage sale eBay put
together but it's an app um and a lot of
gurus do it and I really want to do it
so I can sell a lot of this stuff
because I don't wear like half of it um
but it's like the reason I haven't
gotten rid of it is because it's like
brand-new brands new I said that we were
brand new so I like I don't want to let
go of it but that seems hard I'm like
well if someone else can wear it like
hey I might as well give it to them so
yeah if
you use it let me know and if you like
it and stuff or if you think I should do
it like thumbs up or let me know in the
comments and yeah so I'm still in my PJs
it's like yeah I told you it's 12 it's
told I'm still my PJs you know what it's
summer it's summer I have no shame I
don't care
if you want to you can go to Hello style
and it's the beauty looks for summer
concerts insist on it'll come up in us
like five minutes here there so you can
like watch the chat if you want again
stuff so yeah you can go do that
definitely it was really fun I kept it
from Connor because I mean I never
actually came so yeah I don't really
have too much else going on today I have
some homework that I need to do I'm
taking an online class for the summer
semester which is its optional so like a
six weeks accelerated course um and it's
online so I technically can finish
tonight if I want to so I'm trying to
get it done because it's not till
Saturday but I want to get it done so
I'm just done with this class and then I
have some editing that I should do and
because I was supposed to upload today
but um I didn't have I don't know like I
didn't want to put a video up for the
sake of putting it up I'm so long story
short there will be a video up on
Wednesday um and yeah so be sure to look
out for that sorry if this was a length
log if I do me a favor and thumbs up if
you want more vlogs in the future and
I'll be sure to do them I really want to
start doing them like more frequently
and stuff um but yeah so sorry again
about this stupid scam giveaway thing
going on um hope you guys understand
it's still open August night okay I'm
gonna go honey
