good morning it is so hot today December
14th
10:56 a.m. 1046 and that was my
impressed impression of Mia hello good
morning it is Saturday December 14th
10:46 a and I'm editing another editing
like that's so attractive it's like you
got to take the daily vitamins I've
literally been telling them like we have
another chance
Mia's making pancakes banana Oh pancakes
so we are parting our ways finally after
three days till probably see each other
tomorrow we should come to church with
me no yes no yes really why you did
I got baggage I ordered a new comforter
it's like a duvet
it's from online from Target and so
pretty like that's pretty much what its
gonna look like but huge I'm so excited
yeah I came super fast super super fast
so that is exciting now I'm here in my
backyard I changed because I'm doing
more shoots for my winter must-haves
video um so yeah right now I'm gonna do
a beanie itself sitting out here in my
backyard with tripod but camera oh hello
there my life I work
just importing some clips so I can start
editing Wi-Fi why are you not working
yeah Time Warner Cable you need to get
it together my Wi-Fi never works and
thanks for Everett upload that's why I
was gonna Mia's closed over yfx it's
like amazing Oh take me about I don't
have to upload it takes your like five
minutes so Jose over you right now and
we're also video brainstorming right now
while that's important
I'm super guys have any requests for me
to do in December or January be sure to
leave them in the comments and I will
hopefully be able to do as many requests
as you guys have um I have a win to make
a pair outfit that me and Mia are
filming together we're gonna collab on
that um what I got for Christmas winter
must-haves and favorites which hopefully
will be up Monday um thing about doing a
holiday gift guide but I think so too
right now in success hi birth on so
instead of editing which I've been
planning on doing for the past two hours
kind of turned into an online shopping
night um I ordered since the from Target
got a new headboard which I'm really
excited about I've been really wanting
one for such a long time and it was on
sale so I had 15% off of that and I
think I saved like I don't know like $40
um and then I also got a white bed skirt
because like I showed you guys earlier I
got new duvet for my bed and I talked
about this um in a QA but I haven't like
a fish that I hate this lighting can we
maybe I can fix it when I edit it
anyways and I am moving I am so excited
I'm officially moving oh my gosh um and
that is January 5th is our move-in day
my sister and I are both moving in
together for school I'm even planning on
that for a while now so I am moving to
LA County not actually in Los Angeles
but a lot closer than where I am right
now
um and I'm really excited like a lot of
new things are going to be happening
it's for school I've been planning on
this for over a year now I'm to transfer
to a university I'm really excited about
um so it's not just like I'm dropping
out of school moving to LA although I
wish I could do that but I kind of would
like a degree so I'm totally redoing my
room which is why I'm buying a whole
bunch like room decor and stuff I bought
a mirror from home goods that is just
perfection I'm so ready for a new room
for filming and stuff I think it's gonna
add a lot um I'm so tired of like the
bright pink the zebra and and yeah like
come on how old am I like really really
yeah embarrassing and I'm definitely
gonna be filming the process of moving
and all that stuff so you'll see vlogs
promise you will anyways I think it
would I go um but yeah I'll see you guys
hopefully tomorrow I don't know what's
going on but hopefully something
somewhat interesting and yeah I'll see
kissing hi
