morning guys like she's like afternoon I
decide I'm gonna vlog today because I
haven't blogged in a little while um
send me and my sister Ashley I know wait
you two pocket watch you're walking and
target right now because I need a couple
more things I'm doing a holiday broom
tour and that's gonna be up on Wednesday
so this will hopefully go up to marching
so I'm putting up a new video today umm
and I need a couple more things until
it's like ready and stuff I've been
working on this for a couple like a week
now like sound like right finally once I
decide to put this up for you guys and
yeah so I'm walking the common white
girl swag right now I got my dogs and
yoga pants
so of course you can't come Target and
not only get what you came for right
we're in the shoe section right now and
I found these shoes I think they're so
cute but they don't have my size I need
some like black boots like this don't
have any gay Christmas stuff okay so I
got most of my stuff already but I need
some these um oh my gosh I love how huge
this is
yeah okay so I should get a gold one
because it's not too big for this box do
you think it's cute I like huge I wish
there's a huge pink one since they're
not the same size this is like figure in
my face okay so I'll just get pink and
gold yes
or no ping it silver no gold or cheap
ink
some of these is exactly what I want
eek yay so we got um some goodies
accounts a couple extra things that I
didn't come here for but they're really
cute so yes now I'm going to go pay for
this and then I can fill my room tour
today and get that all edited and stuff
and then after that I'm meeting up with
Mia again I should spend the night of
her house this morning and now we're
going to meet up again because we have a
business dinner I guess you could say
I'm meeting with my manager um out in LA
so I'm trying to put together this tree
centerpiece which was super cute it's
only four dollars like heck why not um
and it took me forever to figure out
that there are two of the same pieces so
basically I can't put it together so
there's two pieces both with the slit at
the bottom and I'm sitting here thinking
how the heck does this go together and
then took me forever to realize that's
somehow they put a wrong one in it and I
was the lucky one to get that one so I
have no idea how I'm supposed to UM make
this work what does like go back and
turn it like I'm not gonna go return I
was like four dollars is like too much
work um so trying to figure out like
there's no way I can get to look how it
should but dang it I was really excited
for this tail and literally have it
glitter everywhere just a little pixie
dust I'm determined to use these somehow
in my room so you guys will have to see
in my room for what goes up exactly what
I did with these because
have no idea what to do so we had dinner
it was so good we went to tender greens
it was my first time there and with me
ah them always with me
um and rat makes apartment because after
dinner me and me a gun so that um we had
boba and then I left I was here the
other day and I left my memory card here
and it sucked so bad so I was filming
yesterday and today and I could only
have realistically like 10 minutes worth
of footage before I had to import it so
I can only get a couple shot and then I
had to import everything again so I kind
of hums so yeah nervous kind of hanging
out talking to you 2 steps you guys are
allowed to officially vote for me I
don't know if you saw my video on my
main channel but you guys can watch me
dance I am in this season of Dance
showdown at season 3 and it's so so it
was like it's such an awesome experience
um but you guys are like to vote now I'm
going to show you how to do it first you
got to go to danceOn calm ok danceOn
calm and super easy sign-in I can it
sign-in ok then you sign in with
whatever you want to sign in with it's
let's do Twitter for me um a book ok
yeah you're welcome so you signed in
watch the videos to go you're gonna
scroll down to mine like it there's me
look at it I'm in 8th place right now
guys you need to go vote for me and then
you have to watch at least 30 seconds of
it which kind of sucks
but it's okay you're both my largest
present huh
ready ready ready ready
one vote booyah thank you for voting the
cool part is look it all you have to do
is refresh the page and then you can
vote again in 30 seconds so that means
you guys if you're bored that would be
awesome I love you 4ever if you just sit
there for the world keep voting for me
yeah you guys are awesome seriously okay
are you watching me like hitting all hip
hoppy yeah for you okay let me know if
you though guys and if you do if you do
vote for me please like tweet me or
something and I'll try to like favorite
and talk to you or in comments to come
or something and I'll like favorite your
tweaks and stuff so yeah team back baby
Levin this is me trying a hashtag but
I'm holding my camera so I can't do the
hashtag sign but that's what you're
gonna
