good morning guys
and what is up and welcome back to my
vlog channel it is Monday I believe it
is November 13th yes I just like I'm
like really excited for this week in
just the future and just like big I
don't know what I'm even saying right
now really excited to be home I've been
loving traveling like Hawaii was ten
days New York was a week now I'm gonna
be home I don't even know when my next
trip is gonna be I don't think I'm going
anywhere far the rest of the year and
I'm actually kind of excited for that
holiday season nice tag blog message
like just maja do you have a vlog gift
to her I do have a vlog to get up today
that is the home decor when I show you
guys the new couch I show you the coffee
corner we have a cool money khlo
she doesn't even know what's about to
happen guys always leaving us she's
going to school it's so like it's been
honestly it's been it's overdue like
she's been needing this for a long time
little girl so she's three so Chloe's
gonna be gone for two e she's going to
boarding so we come here girl you're
gonna do great gonna make friends we're
gonna get good breath and we're gonna
have fun as like summer school know
what's like camps like summer camp we've
been wanting to get Chloe some training
and I really just like didn't really
know where to start with that then
Lauren took moosie to a two-week program
and she recommended it so much so I've
been wanting to do it I finally just
signed her up so she's gonna go and I'm
so sad literally she's leaving today
like she's going to school it's her
first day of school
I want to get her backpack like
literally like we should take pigs eyes
hello are you ready for school we need
to take a picture for your Instagram
babe she owes her back I swear if any of
those boy dogs look at you the wrong way
I will find them really what am I
supposed to do for two weeks without you
without snugging you every single night
good girl stay ready ready good picture
time 1 2 3
good girl wait this is a good angle I
need one don't you let's take a family
portrait parents like clothes babe
promise me you'll be good girl
babe what are we gonna do without you
have fun little one
he's leaving uh I don't know how people
do this bye baby good bye oh hey I
thought you guys should be a little
higher let me put you on this terrarium
thing or is it too high oh no oh okay
that's a bad idea okay
so what's up another vlog another
unboxing what else is new in my life
have a few packages here that I just
want to open on I've been waiting to
open on camera I am so excited I think I
know what everything is okay oh my god
so first package is from pop and Sookie
they have the cutest bag ever also
they're in serum is actual goals so they
came out with this bag oh my god this is
so me I've been waiting ten boxes for
the longest time because we've been
traveling so much oh my god has made me
money of course
oh my god has my name on it this is so
cute it says Alicia right here in gold
the way this goes with my outfit today
I'm in love way this is so nice oh my
god got my name on it it's cute um thank
you so freakin much for sending me this
it's just like let's find out
oh okay and then we have another bag
from poppin Sookie that's right I
totally get this Oh ash you're gonna
love at this one oh oh oh just kidding
you can't where it says my name on it
black suede person says a little on it I
think I'm gonna use this a lot these are
perfect
thank you popping Sookie you guys know
me so well you guys wait let me close
this door that's not cute that's not
cute you guys I'm fully obsessed with
this bag I want this to be like I want
this be my work bag you know what I mean
when I go to a coffee shop and get some
work done or go to a meeting or
something and then this gonna be my
party bag because it's just like you
know crossbody that is so cute I should
put it the day oh my god let me put
these down outfit of the day so top is
from Urban Outfitters no um top is from
brandy melville I showed it in my fall
haul pants are from ASOS actually shows
that recently in one of the hauls on my
vlog channel from all that ace of stuff
and I really love these like they're so
cute they're so comfortable they feel
like I'm just wearing yoga pants but I
look so much more dressed up but they're
just pants and you can do anything and
it's it's fun awesome ring some white
tennis shoes earlier but clearly I'm not
wearing them right now absolute time it
is currently at 2:52 p.m. been sitting
here I've been editing for so long so
yeah yesterday i was not able to get my
main channel video up but i did tease on
snapchat and instagram story about the
reason why i didn't go up was because i
was really really busy filming an intro
that may or may not be related to
vlogmas oh no no it's like so good you
guys like it just so good so yeah
obviously
that means i'm doing vlogmas this year
so gets so excited yes to confirm all
the rumors people have been wondering
people have been speculating people just
been wondering what's going on I'm doing
I'm so excited I like love love miss so
much do i stuff my tea that I just ate
probably do so what my main channel
video was not able to go up on a Sunday
this week but it is going up today I'm
exporting it right now and hopefully it
can go up real real real real soon also
you guys Chloe
Julie laughs and it was those that I
took a million pictures so going to
upload this video and then I'm gonna
head over to me as later tonight and
we're gonna film a video for her what is
up you guys
update time oh my god okay so do you
think both one definitely a target too
definitely with me Anna ah yes three you
may or may not notice that this camera
is a little different I totally left
mine at home so me was just so amazing
and she let me borrow yes target
adventures low-key so excited because I
ordered a grande and they gave me a
venti for free very excited and so me as
video is going perfect having target
adventures what I said at Target it
features oh my god my makeup though yeah
look guys I literally like this is the
first time I'm in the target home decor
section for Christmas and I'm sitting
here and I had to document it because my
first time and I honestly freaked out
and said really loud that I was so
excited because I haven't I haven't even
seen everything yet I still haven't even
walked around and seen it yet but we
need to film something for me so I'm
just gonna like film that and then I can
oh my god it's so cute these are so cute
- I just want to touch it
Oh Mia whoa I
why does this remind me of clothes I
remembered she's at school and I may but
I like that
hey guys what is up so as you can
probably tell I am NOT home I'm just a
spinning the night at meme can were
slightly soaking more to winning I look
real cute my lashes like what is this oh
my god
anyways I just wanted to end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching and
I will see you guys tomorrow
you
