morning it's really really bright so
here's my breakfast
have an egg bacon and biscuits um free
nom oh and OH J my favorite thing in the
world
guess what it's like this what oh yes
okay so I checked my YouTube and guess
what
oh my gosh you guys ready ready oh I'm
so close to a hundred thousand
subscribers I can't even like wrap my
brain around how many people that is I'm
literally just going to sit here and
refresh ah ache ache ache ache ache ache
ache ache ache ache ache ache ache 97
you can totally see me hi oh my gosh oh
my gosh my gosh Oh 98 did you see it
change oh my gosh two more two more two
more tomorrow
I did not think I would scream that much
oh my gosh okay I need a screenshot this
your screen shot this and now if if any
of you see my tweets you'll know that I
look like this when I was tweeting you
know give you a visual or something okay
there's my tweet I'm so excited right
now oh thank you guys so much that made
my day and I'm glad I like walked was I
was planning on volume today is that
worked out perfect oh my gosh I'm glad
you guys could be computer with me
during this moment awesome okay guys so
I'm here in the car with my sister
Ashley hi and we are going to the mall
we have a couple errands to do I guess
and then we roll she's gonna fill me at
on high school but we were gonna go a my
battery was dead for my camera so we
decided to do our shopping first um my
hair's like crazy I have it parted on
the other side because I had a part of
my normal side and it just I don't know
like it didn't look that good so I've
heard it on this side today and I keep
like flipping my head the wrong way
it's kind of bugging me but um ah so you
guys there by American Rag
they remind me of the troopas but
they're a lot cheaper doing it eight
I'll see it's not gonna be an 8 you're
like there wouldn't be one no those are
probably the display mini you have an 8
and a half I'm using no get us something
to have so I centigram you can win them
that's what the man what about a little
effector so they may have some of the
back to agent and they get come on like
open ya back that was super cute are
those in 8 no those are too small I'll
try these are faceted oh my gosh how
amazing are these you're really cute I
wanted her to get an 8 so I can wear
them to sign a 7 that she's like
anything I'll just no expert dicks off
we share everything are like I'm crazy
soon now we are on our way to bath and
Bodyworks because we have a gift card to
use
I'm really hoping to have mahogany teak
wood broom spread you guys know I love
that oh my gosh me heaven I'm gonna need
two because I can okay so we're leaving
the mall and we got some goodies from
Bath & Body Works we got my mom a new
champion and then we got like two candle
holders and then I got two mahogany teak
wood room space and then we got a body
scrub thing and they were really nice
think it was twenty percent off and I
really like didn't eat it and so
exciting so yeah super exciting I'm
gonna go home get some stuff and we're
gonna go to a high school start filming
yeah
okay so the school is closed and there's
no way of getting in but we're like
right here but we're okay randomly
there's a park right between a middle
school and a high school like I feel
like that's not a good idea it's a
public park
I feel like creepy people would come and
just start kids all day like that's this
there should not be a park between
anyways um so yeah so it's here but I
don't like I wanted to do it like on
bleachers or something
so Hale we went to another school and
that didn't look good
so I'm gonna hang with Kaitlyn tonight
and I'm hoping she can fill me at
another school and I know it'll yeah
she's just such kids so awesome um so
the doll workouts and I was gonna go
back home that's okay my hair like it
was so windy and my hair kind of like
looks like
hey guys it's um here's Kaitlyn maybe
some of you remember her she's been my
videos forever ago like when we when we
both we both made channels or on the
same time like in high school forever
ago
anyways so I felt look what I'm on I'm a
bleachers found them we have this is
what my third attempt to film this video
and I finally got it I'm excited some
here's my my backpack and enjoy filming
so yeah Thank You Kaitlyn for filming
you're welcome this video will be up
Monday it will be up I don't care it
will be up I'm excited I think you guys
gonna like it
yeah hey guys so I haven't vlogged in a
while um I ended up going to Caitlin's
and we had dinner and watched TV for a
little bit and stuff um and then I came
home and took a shower and now I'm so
tired and ready for bed I just wanted to
say goodnight because I didn't want to
end the vlog where it ended it I felt
like that'd be really awkward I was just
like I don't know anyways um so yeah I
have to get up early for church in the
morning so um yeah I'm gonna say
goodnight thank you for watching and as
always thumbs up from our blogs yay okay
bye guys
