hey guys so I am here vlogging which is
a first that's crazy right like it's
really bad I haven't been using this
channel for like serious love blogging
and stuff but I really want to
especially for New Year's and stuff I
really want to start using this as a
real legit vlog channel so I figured
it'd be perfect today because I'm going
with my friend Caitlyn up to her cabin
with her family so I'm gonna show you
what I'm bringing I laid everything out
on my bed before putting it into my bag
so first I'm gonna show you guys what
I'm wearing today I have I'm really
comfy it's like one of those casual
comfy days so first my hair I just slept
with it and like a wet bun so it's just
kind of like nasty scrunchie right now
it's whatever um and then this shirt I
got from Abercrombie and Fitch and like
their outlet like forever ago but it was
I want to say was like five or seven
dollars it was super super cheap so I
really like it just kind of whatever and
then I'm wearing these Victoria's Secret
leggings that I meant to show you guys
in a haul but I haven't done a haul and
aren't they so cute they have like
little diamonds and stuff and they say
pee like it's so good um so they're just
like the skinny ones and then I'm
wearing um some socks and then my
wannabe fake hugs because I'm cool like
that and that's my outfit for today and
I'm probably gonna just um have another
jacket I'm sure it'll be really cold so
here is everything that I'm bringing
with me and I'm just gonna go through it
pretty quickly and show you what I have
and this is my makeup I always tend to
over pack with makeup just because I'm a
makeup junkie so I just have um my like
everyday stuff I have likes my erase
paste Urban Decay primer potion my mac
studio fix powder and then my makeup
Forever's smokey lash and then I have a
Mac palette under there with just some
like neutral colors and stuff and then
this side is like my tool side so I have
my brushes my eyelash curler and stuff
like that and then this bag has like my
toiletries and stuff so I have my
Clarisonic some toothpaste toothbrush
and all that fun stuff in there and that
was from forever 21 and this was from
benefit if you were wondering and then
there's a person I'm bringing I'm just
bringing a little satchel and then here
I have a beanie from haul or not beanie
what is this called it's like a hat I
guess it's a beanie I don't know it's
called a rim Hollister and then one of
these like headband that I wear all the
time and then a black scarf from forever
21 and then I have a long sleeve from
Abercrombie which is really comfortable
and then I have
this sweatshirt from forever21 and it's
kind of like a wild box knockoff I want
to say like it's supersoft it has this
big metallic art on the front and then a
pj top which is um just a sweatshirt and
then I have these sweats from Victoria
Secret which I really love the super
comfy so that's like my PJ's are there
and then I have these American Eagle
jeans and I'm gonna wear those tomorrow
and then some leggings and I'll either
wear adjust the leggings or if it's
super cold I'll wear the leggings
underneath the pants because it is
snowing up there so it's probably gonna
be pretty cold and then I have a cheer
national sweatshirt big old comfy
sweatshirt and then I have an
Abercrombie jacket and I'm gonna
probably wear that tomorrow we're only
going for like oh and then I have my
Victoria Secret tote which I'm gonna put
everything in and I just uploaded my
video this morning I uploaded my what I
got for Christmas and on the giveaway
there's a little surprise at the end for
you guys so I just uploaded that and I'm
reading some comments from you guys you
guys are seriously it's so sweet like I
love reading comments from you and I
always love replying I try to apply as
much as I can um and I know sometimes
like people would get mad but a Care
applaud and I'm like I'm sorry I didn't
see your comment and that seriously you
guys are so sweet I love love love
reading those so you guys can watch that
it's up on my channel
