hey guys so today I wanted to bring you
along with me I'm actually going to be
going to Santa Monica with Mia Mamma Mia
make up and we're going to do some
shopping over there so I figured I would
bring you guys along so you can have a
daily vlog because I know I hardly
upload them so figured it was kind of an
excuse to film today so yeah I'm gonna
bring you guys along with me I just
curled my hair with like a curling wand
and my makeup is kind of neutral colors
a little smoky I used to be a Naked 1
palette mostly and then my outfit is
actually the same thing if you saw my
new the summer look fashion lookbook
it's the last outfit the one with like
the lace crop top and the brandy
Melville cardigan and stuff so you'll
see that later um like a whole outfit
later so I'm just waiting for at Mia to
get here and yeah she should actually be
here really soon
oh my gosh she's here oh no you been
there oh my gosh okay bye
you
like three of them and I wear the same
ones all the time and then after the
video when I use yours look anyway so
first thing for the fitting room trying
on his shirt has like a really cute
floral pen on it but no Susan cute so
we're going to get this to talk I liked
it a lot of learning
I don't have any talks like this - I'm
just gonna throw in with James I don't
know so I thought I'm super cute and
it's not like a super Lola and I kind of
like that it was I think and then I
tried on this skirt but it's kind of
see-through but I think I can kind of
make it work um and then another of maxi
skirts and then this top which is super
key and I bought the top of look
adorable with it so okay so if it was
that guys we were walking and then
brought the integrate this was how
hardened oh yeah we ran into art in her
nose was hurt it was a rose when yeah
there's numbers so we ran in her that
was fun and then and then like right
after that we ran into that guy and I
never do it they're doing a video tape
thing read a song lyrics and we had like
interpret them and the song we got was
like some naughty song and it was like I
don't even know it was like the worst
thing sighs this is unmaking music
channel or something like that so
oh you want to go to Arabic I was like
urban that was in English so we're going
to open it well I can't keep our like
any like I'm forever yeah
oh these cues they're so different not
my style at all but I kind of like them
so we left 3rd Street Promenade and now
we're in awesome traffic we're so Huckle
I'm really hungry
I'm about you I'm starting to the earth
cafe in downtown because you can go out
here it's super good so that's our plan
now and we're stuck and it's awesome
traffic seriously it's taking us like
half an hour just to not even get what
five miles not even five miles yeah I'm
going 4.6 miles per hour
sorry for you
I don't even know to call in helicopters
I'm not in holidays and it comes in
because and Mia what did you think I got
a nori plum rice wrap and it has like
Alba kado and other vegetables and then
it comes with the salad and there's my
little mini soy sauce yeah we got green
tea boba and then
search and it doesn't look as pretty as
it did earlier but it's a triple layered
cheesecake so this cars expresso vanilla
chocolate and I guess dark chocolate or
it's just like you for yo maybe I'm not
sure but it's freaking amazing
doesn't that just look so perfect it's
like a perfect rainbow black rainbow you
know what it's chocolate rainbow
so my battery is officially dying I'm
going to go if you guys like this daily
vlog and want me to do four of them be
sure to let me know the comments by
thumbs this video up sorry that I'm like
super Duggar and I can't see me I'm just
L you see my to be a go subscribe to her
okay
just
