hey guys so lately I have had so many
requests to do this video for you
because a week or two ago I posted a
picture on Instagram and everyone told
me to do an updated boyfriend tag so
this is Leo we've been dating for about
eight months fish and he agreed to do
this video for you guys so I have all
the questions here on my phone and we're
going to go ahead and get started
let's do this so question number one
she's sitting in front of the TV what is
on the screen big bang third so question
number two is you're out to eat so what
kind of dressing do I get become
question number three is what type or
what's one food that I don't like sushi
what size shoe do I wear so many mouths
so next question is if she was
collecting anything what would it be
makeup he knows me so what is my
favorite type of sandwich Turkey
what would I eat every day if I could
pulp ears
no cuz they're hot like me hahaha
what's my favorite type of cereal
Special K with strawberries you knew
that course mookie who was my favorite
sports team cardinals cuz he took he
bought us tickets to go for our
six-month anniversary to go see them
play and we had tickets right behind
home plate oh my gosh that me was like
magical oh my god can i forgot about
that
let go was my italian brown cuz they're
so beautiful who is my best friend
alicia like obviously you guys are
always together she's pretty cool I like
her I prove yeah yeah I'm good I'm class
yeah what something you do that I wish
you wouldn't
oh hang out my mancave doing manly
things yeah
it's I'm a man gotta have man time you
know away from my nagging girlfriend but
sometimes it's just too much I miss you
and you're just
video games sometimes I really feel like
you just don't love me like you say you
do I do
what's my heritage / where am i from
what here yeah yeah pretty much
good okay I love her yeah you make a
cake for me on my birthday
what kind is it chocolate with chocolate
with strawberry yes do I play any sports
uh or didn't know you did do
cheerleading no ah Leo we've had this
discussion before cheerleading is
definitely a sport think I'm sleeping on
the couch today I'm sorry honey whooosh
me later fish like us
I'm still getting in love with you coz
you are we are lo madly in love
what could I spend hours doing filming
and editing or much making out with me
all day if she had to choose I can give
you the second one Leo people can see
this it's true
do I have any tattoos no because
modeling doesn't want you having tattoos
so uh I got this one for us Scott our
initials oh he did that for me and it's
a heart cuz we're loving you know this
is Allan a cuz those are our initials
okay so the last question is what is one
unique a talent that I have Logan me you
know he's alone
I'll eat one stitch don't say I'm so
