hey guys so I know I never uploaded on
this channel but I'm going to change
that and I figured it'd be great to do a
challenge because I've been wanting to
do this for the longest time and it is
the attempt and challenge if you haven't
already figured it out
so I am here with nostalgia Harley and
Inez and we already did the first part
of this which is on massages channel so
I'll have a link you can check that out
and there's one bad one and we had three
good ones so now we're stuck with three
of them at three pounds so this should
be pretty interesting um so yeah be sure
to check that out all the links are in
the downbar and dambar there's only one
NASA it was going first
um sure take one for the team and do it
do it yeah this is so nervous right now
I don't what number oh my gosh shake it
dinner you have your choices of anything
you want to do after yeah I didn't have
that choice gosh gonna function that was
argument is sweating him so I'm sweating
eating that oh my god oh I miss chicken
dinner
oh I got bigger than that Dodie yeah
please let my gosh I'm nervous for you
how is that you get the juicer ha ha oh
my god I like that oh my god
I'm sweating to sweat oh my ha ha ha
tastes like nasty baby food mixed with
some sort of like chemical you know that
taste that you get like in your mouth if
you like accidentally like get like like
nail you know when you like you smell
polish remover and you kinda like get
that weird that's what it tastes like
but mixed with like some type of baby
food now I you like baby did you taste
the meaty taste which isn't that a nasty
part it's like some type of it's like
okay and I was like oh one good one I
know I forget what it better not be you
well I'll be so mad you got to - I'm so
nervous that my gosh isn't it is this
dog food I mean I got we don't know
myself dog we got dog
lasagna which is still like not great
out of a can but all eat it that's way
better than what you're saying you
better appreciate that Elizabeth it's
not bad but it's just like not great you
know who okay oh no oh so you'll know
your fate after this I don't remember no
whoo wait like I don't want to let y'all
know because she's gonna open one last
one would be yeah I don't know if it's
not dog food I guess yeah I just know is
that it I'm pretty sure that's the dog
leave it ready you guys
oh good extra bags I am disgusting Oh
see it a spoonful girl spoonful
delicious even on his Oh bully
okay we'll get the bag opening Oh oh my
god
like this video if she does this like a
give my gosh she does it and I need
captain look at her any better give this
is a struggle yeah you did it yeah let
me tell her ice cream a Pinkberry
Chipotle I don't know what do you like
Starbucks khon kaen Frappuccino oh my
god is that texture was disgusting what
the flavor wasn't Bobby at the texture
yeah there's like chunks of your casual
home for this bad boy
that poor Arlene got to gross ones let
me hug it out this isn't grow this
wasn't really a tin can challenge this
is me out of shouting your inner route
brushes it's not that bad
sauerkraut it's not bad she'll probably
like it mmm don't look good and don't
know good Agron you know what that's
smells disgusting that's not is it bad
don't do that you know I'm gonna die oh
hello teeth it's disgusting what do
people put so that was our tenth hand
challenge I think we did good Oh in our
lane Portland
I got really lucky yeah you lucked out
no I was hoping up um so yeah again I'm
sure you saw part one but if for some
reason you didn't you should go watch
that one first because it was hilarious
I was crying it was hilarious and yeah
so thumbs up for more challenges and
videos and give us ideas for maybe some
future challenges um I'll cut this right
out and I'll see you guys in my next
video
