hey guys so I pretty much decided to
make this video like 10 seconds ago as
you can tell by my awesomeness right
here um anyways I really wanted to do an
update video because I realize I've been
gone on YouTube for awhile and even
though you may have not have even
noticed to me it feels like it's been
forever since I've talked to you guys so
I kind of wanted to do a quick little
update I basically just been so busy
with work and school and friends and
social life and all that stuff
it's really only been a couple weeks but
it feels like it's been a long time to
me I feel like I haven't talked to you
guys and forever so I want to apologize
for that and then also let you know that
there will be two videos up this week
one on Wednesday and one on Friday so
I'll be back to my normal two videos a
week schedule and then also super
exciting news I will be going to
generation Beauty this weekend I'm going
with Mia Mamma Mia makeup and Sierra
from Sierra Marie makeup and yeah so I'm
really excited for that if you see me
please come say hi I hate when I get
messages and people are like oh I wanted
to say hi but I was too scared and I'm
like why are you scared it's just me um
I want to meet you guys so definitely
come up if you're there and let me know
if you're going and I think that's all I
had to say you think I think I think I
think oh also um I am gonna be doing a
Q&A video and um I'm not sure which
channel I'm gonna put it on it's either
gonna be this video or all this video
this is um this channel or my main
channel part of me feels like it should
be on my vlog one but then part of me
also feels like it should be on my main
one because I haven't done one on there
yet and I have gotten a lot of requests
I'm not channel to do one so we shall
see but either way what I want you guys
to do is leave me comments um with
questions and I'll try to put some of
those in the video and stuff so
hopefully that will be up next week I
think
um but yeah so I think that's all I had
to say thank you guys for watching and
watching my little update video um I
will see you guys later hopefully some
of you this weekend and yeah
