hey guys so I decided to put this video
together for you because I realized I've
been on YouTube for quite some time now
but you guys really don't know that much
about me so I've seen a lot of people do
this video where they share 25 facts
about themselves and I figured I would
do this too on my channel that I neglect
so much and I'm so sorry about that but
yeah so I hope you guys enjoy this quick
little video and maybe you can learn
some new things about me so my first
name is Alicia although I'm guessing
most of you knew that something you
probably didn't know though is my
nickname that everyone calls me is leta
li da and I've been called this ever
since I was little I couldn't say my own
name when I was little so I would say
Aleta and that's where that came from
but seriously my whole family calls me
that my friends do my sister's friends
do I even had teachers call me that like
that's just what I've known as except
YouTube doesn't know me as Lita it's
weird so yeah my name is leta my
birthday is on April 5th so yes it just
passed and I turn 20 when I write my
eyes everyone thinks Bayless like zis
and multiple times I've been called
Silesia because of it I'm gonna write my
name so you guys can see this am I the
only one who thinks they look like eggs
I was a complete ban geek in high school
I played drumline for seven years and I
did the tenor drums and the bass drum
and I was also in the school's jazz
bands and while I wasn't piano gig I was
also cheerleader which most of you knew
I still AM I've done it through
elementary school middle school high
school and in college so I've done that
for a really long time that's like my
sport I guess you could say I have to I
can play guitar both electric and
acoustic I actually teach a guitar class
once a week at an elementary school my
old elementary school and yeah I played
for a really long time I got my first
guitar when I was so young I think I
wasn't like kindergarten I'm not even
kidding
my favorite show in the world is Big
Bang Theory working I used to take
ice-skating lessons and I even remember
in
garden they asked us what we wanted to
be when we grew up and I said I wanted
to be a figure skater because I thought
they were so pretty and they were like
princesses obviously that career ended
because I don't do it anymore I really
enjoy singing and I also can play the
drums and as you can probably tell by
now I come from a very musical family we
all do something my mom is actually
really crazy crazy good at the drums my
sister also plays drums my mom also does
guitar and like pretty much every other
instrument you can imagine and then I do
drums and guitar like I said earlier but
yeah so I'm okay at them I'm not like
crazy good but I can teach them I've
taught them on top beginners for a long
time my favorite Disney character ever
since I was little was better oh my gosh
you guys don't even know my room was
boo-bear filled filled I stopped
drinking soda about five years ago my
favorite chips in the world are Miss
Vicky's jalapeno kettle chips or
whatever you want to call them they are
amazing they happen that like subway and
stuff seriously
my favorite chips no there's no good or
guru logo which brings me to my next
fact is that I love love love jalapenos
I seriously will get tons of them
especially on nachos or my favorite is
on french fries like take a french fry
put a slice of jalapeno on it and oh my
gosh it's so good when I was younger i
legit thought that i was going to be an
international spy I was a complete
tomboy I bought all this spy gear and
stuff do you remember that you could buy
it at Target they had like spy gear
stuff and I would like look on legit spy
websites for the longest time like I
thought I was going to be a spy I even
dressed up in my backyard in camo and
stayed there to see if anyone would find
me me and my friend we did have many
other
are you kidding - when I was in fourth
grade I was Dorothy and a Wizard of Oz
play I absolutely hate Thanksgiving food
I love the holiday but I would much
rather have a burger from in and out my
favorite cereal is Special K with these
strawberries in it I am obsessed with
Disneyland I honestly go about once a
week I'm not even kidding no
exaggeration I have the pass so that's
why it makes sense but yeah I love it
so one of my feet is dramatically
smaller than the other and it makes you
shopping pretty hard one fits perfectly
and the other one doesn't and it's kind
of sucks a little bit I'm obsessed with
the play wicked I've seen it four times
I have a soundtrack I have a piano book
I have another book I have a shirt
dancing tonight already they're deleting
so let's start cuz you're gonna ask me
I'm ready to go I love ketchup I'm one
of those people who puts an insanely
amount of ketchup on anything whether
it's for tries or a burger or anything
like I'm one of them and my last fact
may sound a little cheesy but it is
completely true I absolutely love
YouTube and you guys and filming for you
and just editing and all that fun stuff
like it's a huge part of my life so
thank you guys for watching and
supporting my channels and yes so I'm
serious like this thumbs up for more
stuff like this random stuff get to know
me things ask me questions and I will do
a like Q&A video sometime soon hopefully
then yeah I will see you guys in my next
video bye guys
you
