hey guys so today I'm gonna be showing
you what is on my iPhone and I'm gonna
be completely honest with you I really
have no interest in these videos until
about a week ago because I really don't
know why I've seen them for over a year
but I just have no desire to click on
them and I just didn't really get it I
guess but I decided to watch Len last
week I think and now I'm pretty much
watching every single one that goes
through my subscription box so I figured
I would do my own for you because I
think it's a cool way to discover new
apps and you get people's like real
honest reviews about them especially
paid ones because I am so hesitant to
buy a paid app because I don't want to
buy it and then regret it even if it is
only like 2 dollars I'm so cheap like
that but yeah so anyways this is my
phone
it is the iPhone 4s the white one and
this is my case I actually have a DIY on
how you can make this case so if you
haven't seen that I'll have the link
right here and you can watch that if you
would like to but yes that's my case I
made it myself and it probably cost me
like four or five dollars like it was
really cheap so anyways um yeah that is
my phone okay so here is my phone up
close to make it easier it is 518 and
that's a picture of my dog Theo when he
was a puppy he was only eight weeks old
and he is so cute
so here's my home page and I'm gonna
start with the apps at the bottom that
don't move when you change your pages
and the first one I have is messages
Safari and mail I am constantly on these
three and I really only wanted three
apps at the bottom because I just like
the look of it better than four it's
weird I know um so I put my music and my
phone up here and then I have photos
camera calendar clock all the basic
stuff flashlight notes and then I have a
folder that has really basic utility
stuff that I hardly ever use I probably
use weather and calculator the most out
of those but I'm hardly in there
um contacts iTunes App Store settings
which I need to get the new upgrade for
the iOS that's kind of like the boring
basic front page and then here I only
have one page I put a lot of like things
in categories and stuff because my phone
was so unorganized for the longest time
and I finally found something that kind
of worked for me um so the first thing I
have up here is picture stuff so I have
um that folder this is like all of my
effects and stuff that I use to edit
pictures for Instagram or anything like
that the only paid app that I
of is pickup X and it took me the
longest time because I never wanted to
buy it and then I heard really good
reviews about it and I really wanted the
app or the effect where you could put
like lights over it so that's this one
if you're wondering it was I want to be
like $2 199 or something like that so
I'll show you how it works you can just
pick a photo let's do this one okay so
we're going to crop it umm then today
we'll go to light and then you can put
all the like bouquet bouquet I don't
know Jose I'm like the whole bunch of
like light stuff so that's how you do
that I really like this app I've used it
so much since I've gotten it so it's
definitely worth the $2 if you're
wondering and there's like the hearts
one I like for the longest time to
figure out which app had the heart so
it's this one um and now they have so
many filters so it's definitely worth it
um so yeah that is pick effects really
really liked it pick stitch and this is
the app that you use to crop your photos
and you can do different collages and
stuff so they have different layouts
that you can choose from they're already
preset so this one was free I really
liked it and the next one is be funky
and I really like this so you basically
pick a picture okay so you can crop it
if you want to but I'm not going to I'm
just going to show you some of the
effects so they have like local art
which I really liked the first one is
called instant one I guess and I like
how you can adjust the brightness or not
right as the amount of the effect that
you have come on work there we go um and
then you can layer it in stuff too so I
really like that they have a whole bunch
of different ones so that's that the
next one is Mira Graham which you guys
have probably seen girls do this on
Instagram you're wondering how they do
it um I don't know how they do it this
is the one I found that I really like
you basically you put in your picture
and then you press mirror vertical and
you can like reverse it and then you can
kind of move it out into where you like
it um so yeah I have that then they have
horizontal I have no idea why you'd want
that picture um and they have diagonal
teeth and the next one is insta quote
which basically you can if I want to
write something on Instagram yeah if I
want to like write something to you guys
on Instagram here um it does like a cool
background so thank you guys and then
they have they have it in a whole bunch
of different fonts and different
backgrounds
F and jut instead of just writing it on
the Notes app you know to me I'm such
that that was free also the next one is
split pic honestly I don't really use
that it's kind of weird
umm insta effects free I think it's a
collage free this one has a whole bunch
of collages too so the next little
folder thing that I have is called get
inspired and basically all four of these
apps are pretty much identical but I
like them for different reasons and
they're pretty much all like Pinterest
and so I have the original Pinterest app
which I like that one the most for DIY
and crafts so if I'm ever in a crafty
mood then I open up Pinterest and I find
the most inspiration there the next one
is we hard it and that one I just found
I haven't used it that much but they
have different images and stuff that's
really cool so it's all like the same
you like put it in your own collection
and stuff and the next one's called
Wayne Lowe and what I really like about
this one is everything that it shows you
you can buy like it it's linked up to
the store original store where it's spot
so what's cool is you know how you
always find those like really cute
clothes on tumblr and stuff but you have
no idea where you can buy it these are
linked towards it so if I really like
these shorts they're like tie-dye
studded then I can go to buy and it will
take me to the shop sort and Vesey like
I had no idea where I could get this you
know what I mean so it's really cool
because it shows you exactly where you
can buy it and stuff so that's why I
really like that and it has some really
cool like clothes and stuff and then the
last one is lockers and I always have
the link to that in the downbar and I
really like it just because it's fowling
my favorite overall one out of all of
these because it has the beauty of the
fashion you get points for posting stuff
um and I have the most followers on here
so I like to go in here a lot more and
so yeah that's lockers really like that
um so the next one I have is shopping
and this one has hauler deals forever21
shopkick which is awesome I just found
out about this if you guys do this let
me know so you get kicks and eventually
you can redeem those kicks for whatever
you want like a Target gift card I'm a
Tiffany and Co bracelet a cruise they
have a whole bunch different stuff
obviously like those big ones are really
high like probably almost like a million
points um but it's really cool so you go
like here it says 120 ticks on your next
walk in so if I go walk into target and
like
I'll get 120 kicks as you can tell I
only have a hundred kicks right now I
like just started this I just got a
yesterday
um but yeah so I'm really excited to use
that my sister has it and some of my
friends have it so it's really cool and
then I have Yelp because if you're ever
like looking for somewhere you can
search in like your area and it'll show
you restaurants or shopping or a mall
around the area and stuff rap it's
really cool basically you can send
presents to your friends when they have
birthdays or something like you can hook
it up to your Facebook and stuff and you
can send them $6 to H&M but for free so
you don't have to buy it but it's just
like it gets sent to them and stuff it's
kind of weird um and the next one that I
have is fun stuff I have my games I have
flow free battle friends which is like
battleship it's a really fun words free
which is words with friends and then for
picks one word I look for the longest
time trying to find this game and I
finally found it um basically it gives
you four pictures and you have to guess
what the word is and this one is but one
I'm on right now number 22 I kind of
suck at this I'm not gonna lie but it's
really really fun so that is four picks
one word that's the title of it and that
is the end of all the folders that I
have at the top next I have all the apps
that I either really love and use a lot
or the ones that I had no idea where to
put so the person I have is my Facebook
um Twitter which is pretty
self-explanatory pages which is hooked
up to my facebook page for YouTube and
stuff my Instagram and then I have my
youtube app which I love I'm on that a
lot Pandora which I'm not really on that
much I heard Spotify his way better
I just haven't like switched over yet
but I have that still Shazam is a really
cool app it basically like if a song
from the radio and you really like it
but you've missed what the title was you
can't play this and it will listen to it
and then it'll tell you exactly who
sings it and um the title of the song so
that's really cool really love that
that's free i'ma have pink nation which
is for Victoria's Secret pink which it's
not really the best app but it's pretty
fun like it gives you like little
discounts and stuff and there's fun
games you can play and whatnot so if I'm
really bored I'll go on that um
Disneyland in the world you basically
and it has all the wait times for all
the Disneyland rides and stuff so me and
my sister both have passes and we pretty
much live there we were there just about
only once a week I'm not even gonna lie
um so we use that constantly one over
there
um snapchat which I have not gotten into
that I really I really never use that
and then I have my Bible in case I ever
forget my Bible on Church then I have it
here and then I have my guitar tuner
which is a really sucky app if you play
guitar don't get it but I didn't want to
buy one but basically it plays a note
and then you have to tune it by ear so
it kind of sucks so you have is boys on
my iPhone I hoped you guys liked this
let me know any of your favorite apps in
medium are that I should get especially
if they're free because I really like
those um and yeah I will see you guys in
my next video bye guys
