hey guys what is in your teeth where are
we yo you guys Ashley and I are in New
York so excited I'm assuming most of you
saw yesterday's vlog dream some night or
so cliche welcome to sorry I don't wanna
get copyrighted youtubers know the
struggle anyways
Ashley and I are in at New York we flew
in and I literally slept the entire
flight here we just got to where we're
stay we were able to rent this apartment
and it is the cutest freakin thing ever
I could totally live in New York if I
had an apartment like this it is a
beautiful it's been a great location as
you can see it's like so bright it's
basically the entire floor I don't know
how we got this I randomly found it and
it turned out amazing not kidding we
literally like just got here well not
just got here when you walk in this is
what it looks like
the kitchen is beautiful like it just uh
ash and sketches the view the view is so
nice and the best part is that there's
windows all here wait that's not Vila
the whole apartment no no no no there's
a bathroom over here over there you go
down the hallway and there's not one
bedroom no no no not just one but
there's two bedrooms
loke already unpacked and hung out some
clothes there's me so Ashley net each
have a room which is awesome then you
come down here and then there's this
huge freakin living room which is
gorgeous another me but freak you guys
I'm like
I am obsessed so yeah we're here for a
few days I'm really excited go and try
to meet up with Niki gonna just try to
have a good time like kill I think we
should go get coffee cuz we have not had
coffee today and ash and I are slacking
there was even the time change like we
even got an extra hour of sleep and
we're still slacking but our defense
it's like 9:00 at home so it makes sense
when you think about it that way why
were so tired
true-true let's get some coffee thank
you
oh this is cute me as a trash can so we
got a lot a really excited because I
have not a coffee today like I mentioned
and yes so freaking excited also this
place is so cute hello ash yes I love
how you can see me hi brewing oh hi we
are shopping big surprise and forever 21
I'm trying to be a backpack only because
I didn't really bring a purse for this
trip so I have so much crap everywhere
we did go to Topshop we got some stuff
did I walk there I'm not sure but we're
looking in forever 21
she's like this is Kara also cute but
it's so small it's so cute though but
that would defeat any purpose of why I
need a purse to hold all my stuff I
think we found a purse it's like the
perfect size also currently looking at
shoes but I'm not sure if I'm gonna get
anything but they're cute I think you
should do the orange one yeah yeah I
like the orange ones they're like
different for you really excited about
this I feel like it's gonna just like
yeah yeah I'm actually really excited
about that purchase so next we're headed
to Steve Madden where is it oh Sh oh
yeah headed to Steve Madden Ashley is
really determined to get those shoes so
the orange shoes did not work out well
there's two never sighs it wasn't like a
dog oh good morning guys what is that
welcome back to the blue so today Ashley
very still in New York and running out
the door because we have a photo shoot
today we're all excited we're all
excited so that's a thing let's go let's
do it
I think it was hard waking up it's
currently at 907 48 copy it over and
then get something over there you don't
know where there is oh my god this looks
so good yeah is it too hot is it okay
I'm having issues okay I shall be born
the view is so freakin pretty Ashley's
getting some shots right now oh my god
you guys Oh beautiful it is currently 49
degree is selicia's and the skirts it is
so cold oh my god this V is so pretty
you guys smart me I look really warm
from this jacket but uh skirt wasn't a
good choice but these photos are gonna
be so cute so it was a good children I'm
honestly really cool
so currently in Brooklyn we're just
looking at the skyline right now getting
some shots by the water this should be
the coldest of Omega it's really cool my
confi got cold so quick going outfit
change I'm feeling it's weird I feel
warmer but I also feel kind of colder
because the other jacket was warmer but
still have a skirt on don't know if you
can see but I got some man that high
boots on I got these for my fall hall if
you remember that hall there from Steve
Madden I got some boots feel like every
year I usually buy a new pair and I
really like these and I have socks
underneath but you really can't you
really can't see them that was probably
the cutest ankle ever also shout-out to
Bethany if because I am wearing the
outfits that she got me from the $30
outfit challenge yeah I told her I was
gonna happen some but instead let's see
what time it is currently at 10:56 a.m.
it's kind of loud so sorry can't hear me
we're in Brooklyn I already said that
earlier Wow I can't stop eating ramen
photoshoot would so well now we are
headed to cheer on ramen we went there
in Tokyo me and I came here not too long
ago like may I March me that whatever
weight and that low-key looks like the
jacket I had but I just like the lighter
denim I had painful
I want ramen noodles
noodled it or do the needle day oh my
god so excited and literally so excited
definitely getting extra noodles oh my
gosh this looks best ramen I've ever had
literally about to go put on some sweat
pants update time it is currently 12:40
1 p.m. we just got back to the apartment
and I'm gonna go get in comfy clothes
and then quickly as quickly as I can and
get my video of Chloe said she's pretty
much already ready to upload so I have
my thumbnail to do so sorry guys if
you're if you're sad that the collab
took a while to get up it's my fault so
I'm gonna do that let's go it is so cold
how many more times gonna say how cold
it is you guys are probably Alicia's 9
next we have sweaty hands from Free
People jacket is from brandy melville I
was like anyways we also got a blankets
and I am going to sit here and do some
editing literally have so much makeup
this morning so let me try to clean this
up a little bit kind of add just a
little bit much better good morning guys
what is up so today today is a new day
what I say is a new day today is
Wednesday we're in New York
and guess Nick leash you guys I'm not
even kidding literally made me so happy
when you're like I'm coming because I
was like Nicky you should just like
spend the night like your ear joke no
I'm not joking I was not joking here
like okay coming in PJs I'm like yes
like that is the best ever I did a face
mask in the mover do you like I
literally sound so cliche I did a face
mask I've wore my pajamas and like I was
playing cooking I literally
I love that game like it's so good so we
are currently going to get some coffee
have it returns make it Topshop okay
having oh so we are currently on top
shower gonna do a return we're gonna see
what there is but we will come together
coffee first
yes let's get coffee probably just
kidding we're gonna go get coffee not
that crowded keeping my phone in my hand
if your law camera that's an attempted
mugging that's how you log
we got the good you guys I went back to
my old order grande skinny so even in a
latte with the holiday cup makes me very
excited and now we're headed to top job
are you gonna get anything but my been
shot honestly so what about my suitcase
honest I think I have to buy a nice home
it's so embarrassing
at least I'm returning something happy
Wednesday guess what I'm wearing today
you excited about them except I feel
like I need warmer socks because I'm
wearing fin one and literally have
warmer side
currently in Topshop just doing some
shopping oh that's cute that's like
super me so I might have bought some
stuff but we're not gonna talk about it
update time what's he like one inch
something like one is around there and
blood see it is 1:16 p.m. is I didn't
good this way I didn't get this way
someone's Topshop got some cute stuff
you guys know my he's taking six of us
and literally were so excited it's gonna
be cute also really excited because food
has been ordered and it should be here
real real soon
we're more excited for that way more
excited for food you guys food is here
Ashley and I got by Khloe it's so good
it's like taco salad looks real good
I lost the recipe fries fries are bomb
so we're gonna update time we be taking
some pictures low-key was like what if
we just ask a cab to stay here and we
can pay them to let us take some pics
also a little girl said I looks like
Chanel Oberlin she's like you look like
Chanel Oberlin I was like I feel like I
kind of do like I kind of see it I'm
channeling a very Gabby look right now
they look so good whoa
you guys look where we are now we were
literally like we really want
ice-skating pictures let's go
ice-skating I've never been ice skating
in Central Park and fun fact like I used
to eat icecream lessons I probably
sucked now like tbh why you know what I
mean yeah are you ready are you ready
yeah update time it is a lot like oh my
god was the last thing I walked
ice-skating I actually think it was I
was really interested it was fun um we
honestly didn't go too long we were
trying to get super cute pics I don't
think any of them turned out to be on it
it was just super crowded and then I
don't know it just like did not turn out
we didn't meet a ton of you guys when we
were ice-skating so that was fun so many
of you like so many it was crazy I felt
like a meet-up like people are probably
like what the heck oh yeah but I was
really cool so if we met you today hi so
since it's later that means someone has
to leave Nicky Nicky Nicky like how
she's improvising and using this box as
a tripod I do stuff like that all the
time but I'm keeping your ice cream here
it is time to take off this makeup it is
time to take a shower and it is time to
put on some comfy clothes if you're with
me give this video honestly does so yeah
definitely going to start getting ready
for bed if tomorrow's Ashley nice last
full day here so we really want to take
advantage of that like any last pictures
we want any last place we want to go eat
anything like that really excited this
week like weirdly flew by but at the
same time it's like but it feels like
it's been such a long time which is like
really happy so anyways let's go
beautiful
Oh
whoa guys what is up I quickly just
wanted to end this vlog thank you so
much for watching and I will see you
guys
most likely tomorrow as a new vlog and
yeah I love you
