good morning guys good morning guys what
is up and welcome back to you at my blog
channel what a cities Thursday
happy Thursday it is November 2nd which
is just freakin mind-blowing to me why
is it November how is it November it's
almost 2018 stressed oh okay yeah that's
crazy so today's been good it's been a
little stressful just cuz I feel so much
to do today
tonight Ashley and I out the or tomorrow
I'm just kidding tomorrow ash and I are
leaving for New York so I'm really
excited about that I'm actually really
excited for that like really excited it
the only problem is no I still have a
still have so much to do today I need to
film two videos today three videos
technically still need a pack I have so
much laundry to do or we're good we're
good
we are good started filming today didn't
get as much done as I was hoping but
that's okay not gonna say who some of
you may know actually some of you do
know because someone tweeted me saying
that they already knew so I was like yo
you guys are hardcore like I don't know
how you figured this stuff out but you
did filming a collab today super excited
for that we've just been doing so many
fun surprises with you guys lately good
morning good morning babes you look so
cute
hello my munchkin you guys one thing
that did make my morning though like it
I just you guys today is a day today is
the first day of getting the new holiday
cups from Starbuck
like honestly they're real cute like
real cute hold on I mean like I really
like these I think they're super super
cute I know everyone there's always like
so much controversy around the frickin
holiday cups and I'm like guys it's just
cups I think they're super cute though
fuck you doo doo doo doo doo also if you
guys want an outfit of the day don't
mind the boxes over there is my outfit
I'm wearing this shirt which I've worn a
bajillion times in my life it's from
forever 21 looks like that super cute
super cute choker is from
mr. Kate she actually sent that to me a
long time ago and then this skirt you
may recognize it do you recognize it
maybe Yes No maybe so skirt it's from
forever 21 and you may recognize it from
Michael Abbot with Bethany this is one
of the items that she bought me and I'm
not kidding guys like it fits perfect
and it honestly like is so cute like
it's so cute if you haven't watched that
video you totally should it's where we
shop for each other under $30 also I'm
still not used to my hair it's short man
it's not that short but like just used
tonight like my hair used to be down to
here I know it's like but I kind of like
it kinda like it you guys look who's
here Chloe she's like there's only one
Chloe there's only room for one clock
where you know these are fun videos
they're super fun we have a lot of food
we have a lot of candy with the other oh
man this one's going up in like two
weeks
not super soon but like soon you're
gonna see it so get so excited if you
guys will know when that video goes up
you should comment like a blog squad
because like you guys saw the vlogs oh
gee oh gee I would have a lot of food
going on I'll probably give you as more
of a behind-the-scenes today I'm fine
with spoiling what it is only cuz it's
probably gonna be really obvious what it
is yeah what's going on you guys I'm not
kidding this all looks so good I really
want to try I really want to try one of
those and I really want to try they're
not good I'm not I'm good was it like
50% off yeah that's that's how you do it
we're about to film at Chloe's video I'm
so excited for this this is different
ever done anything like this happen even
I mean I have I have but this is
definitely interesting it's a little
challenge so I'm bum bum but always my
challenge in the title but now I
actually mean it like this is exposing
your own so the challenge for today is
to try to create
a beautiful meal a beautiful plate you
know you got some sides and vegetables
your little star Joe yeah we want to
make a nice meal okay so this is
creation I'm I was waiting for her
thanks for coming over
game invite you guys I'm so excited for
this class I'll let you know when it's
going up hopefully this week if not to
be the next week but either way it's so
freakin good and better get a snack and
be ready to walk
Cloe shaaa close Felicia
close closure that's a closer update
time it has been so freakin long this
last time that I blogged that I talked
to you guys I'm sorry so it is currently
10 something and we are packing like I
mentioned earlier in today's vlog Ashley
and I are packing because tomorrow we
leave for New York
I'm excited cuz we're gonna be there for
a bit and we have a lot of downtime also
I was picking this jacket out to wear
for the flight tomorrow and then I ended
up just putting it on so you're gonna
see it in tomorrow's vlog that's why I'm
like I don't match for anything like
anything I lit it what am I wearing
oh my god the hard part is I have so
many coats that I want to bring it's not
even like that cold there but it's
colder there than here so we are going
for an event so I do have some more like
clutches and like heels and stuff like
that yeah there's a lot of stuff here
right now okay
so we need to fill up this suitcase we
need to figure out what shoes we want to
bring we got to figure out what clothes
we want to bring knock knock
how's it coming never in my life have I
had two suitcases ever and normally I
would like condone this this is not okay
actually taking a bunch of pictures so
it makes sense how do you not know
girl forget the picture it's free we get
two free teabags
look at that bed head nah I never am i
smothering you only about two hours
later but we've made some serious
progress you guys also look like a
complete freak right now we got a face
mask it's actually time to take this off
I think I'm gonna quickly like hop in
the shower
wash my face I think I have everything
okay guys so as you can see I just took
a shower and I am going to go to bed to
hopefully get a few hours of sleep
before have to get up and go to the
airport but anyways I thought you guys
liked this vlog I will see you most
likely tomorrow with a new one give it a
thumbs up if you're loving the blogs as
always and yeah I'll see you guys later
bye
you
