good morning everybody morning good
morning - good morning as do you know
why it is a good morning s it's gonna be
a magical morning so if you're new to
the vlogs like since I've moved to LA if
you didn't know Ashley and I used to
live literally ten minutes away from
Disneyland we used to go all the time
sometimes three times a week like not
get like we would because we're so close
we would go for like an hour or two so
ever since we moved obviously we were a
lot further from Disneyland now but I
still love it just as much like I will
forever love Disney I'm like fully
Disney obsessed we're going to
Disneyland
we're so excited it's been a while the
last time I came is when I did the VIP
tour which was so fun that was during
VidCon but I'm really excited because
it's a Monday like it's a school day
it's fall like it's there's no holidays
going on so it shouldn't be too crowded
and that's my favorite time to go to
dislike this but it's like I'm not that
mad at some comics and make it better
since it's ball themed there actually
feels like fall I think it's like in the
60s today yeah it's like the first day
that it actually feels like fall so
since we're going you know that I
brought the ears doesn't it alone guess
where we are we're here and we got the
good we got some coffee because this
line is crazy because too many people
are here why I don't want to share the
magic we got a soy vanilla latte
doo-doo-doo-doo at least it's a good way
to pass the time
we go yeah yeah go we are in actually
looks so far
you look so cute today oh my god
oh my god I'm so where are we going
first - it's fun of mansion because it's
decorated and it's probably the busiest
ride today so we are getting fast passes
for Hana manage envied visits Nightmare
Before Christmas if I'd maybe get some
pics to put on slow Oh Indiana Jones
literally my favorite ride well I mean
we've Fast Pass check you guys I
honestly like low-key forget the laps in
the dive logs
well ride you want to go on
good morning okay what coffee cup ever
using today also I guess proud of us
Ashlyn I went through and we got rid of
a fun of coffee cups I know it does not
look like it but I promise we did I
think I'm gonna use my coffee snob okay
good morning Chlo it's been a while
everyone's missed you babe
why are you look here wow did you forget
to pterodactyl this is perfect I'm just
gonna sit here and drink my coffee and
add some vlogs and just enjoy the
morning enjoy my dog good morning guys
and welcome back to the vlog today is
Tuesday and it is Halloween so happy
Halloween you know I made this coffee so
good today
it's like / sometimes I wonder like
Alisha should you get more ready for
your vlogs guys don't judge me I don't
know yeah so plans for the day we are
going to chill I have a hair appointment
cuz I'm getting my extensions out I have
a nail appointment and we're gonna enjoy
Halloween honestly like I'm such a
grandma I do nothing on Halloween every
single year and every single year I say
I'm gonna do something but every year I
do nothing so I think we're just gonna
hang out here tonight I believe Terrance
coming over and we're just gonna
probably like watch movies and chill
we'll see if we get trick-or-treaters
that'd be that's all that we're doing
whoo my hair is crazy
okay you guys so I am going to quickly
just throw on some makeup like I said I
have a hair appointment later but it's
like so chill I'm just gonna like really
quickly make myself look a little
presentable I kind of want to try the
Fenty foundation again you guys know I
love the two-faced one like freakin love
it so much that like why not we should
try this one back there like I haven't
given this like the chance it deserves
you know I think I tried it honestly
like twice I feel like we should watch
some YouTube videos cool I got 20
minutes telling you to leave like we
could watch some YouTube videos makeup
is done yeah so honestly I didn't do
much I didn't even put eyeshadow on like
I just did foundation blush shield in my
eyebrows a little bit and we're good I
need to quickly change I think I have oh
yeah I need to leave like naps
update time we're currently headed to at
my hair salon I'm so excited to get my
extensions out I was supposed to wait a
little bit longer but after going to
Hawaii like it messed them up so freakin
bad okay guys so here is the before I'll
see you guys in about an hour after I
come back from the hair salon here we go
oh my gosh you guys my hair is so short
not use I keep looking in mirrors I'm so
not used to this it feels it so good
like weirdly it's still so healthy I
realize how use I got to the extensions
like the length was so normal to me and
like now this feels so short I feel like
it looks so good though like I look like
I'm actually really glad I booked this
really last second yesterday just
because I wasn't gonna take them out so
long story short I was supposed to wait
a month to get new extensions in and but
I was just like I can't wait a month I
really just kind of want them out so I
ended up doing it I'm so glad so I can
have short hair for like a month I'm
really excited but yeah like ah
my god I don't know I like really like
it I cut my bangs a little bit to feel
so short anyways it is currently - oh
shoot
okay it's currently 258 and I have a
nail appointment at 3:30 and I'm really
hoping I have time to go get a bite to
eat cuz I am starving let's go yeah we
are headed to the nail salon and the
next time you guys see me I may have
different colored nails although I'm not
gonna lie I'm kind of really liking this
one this last one that I got it's like a
light light light white pink I know I
changed things up so much so I'm meeting
Ashley and John right here and they said
they were gonna get me Starbucks so I am
oh thank you so much I don't deserve
either of you guys what color are you
gonna get wait we're supposed to light
my Starbucks feels so light I feel like
there's like no coffee in here why is it
so empty that's us then we're back I
fully love my nails I don't know if you
can tell or if you like you can see so
basically I got the same color I got
last time but I asked them to put one
layer of white nail polish underneath it
to kind of work as like a primer so it's
just a more vibrant color than what I
had last time so I really like it is
obviously um I sorry I literally thought
I was getting pulled over for a second
it will not put over I thought I was
getting a ticket and I was like what is
going on my meters still good I think
we're just gonna watch stranger things
tonight I am a star being still so I
think I'm gonna go get some pizza
yo we got the goods like and when I mean
goods I mean like goods like Oh
oh my god this looks so good I'm like
too impatient to drive home but I'm
gonna wait to drive home to eat it but
like literally it's like right here and
I'm just like guys I'm not kidding I
have been a cool braving heat so lately
happy Halloween guys hey guys what is up
I was editing this and realize I didn't
end it so I really wanted to end this
vlog so I can upload this vlog for you
guys so don't get a vago thank you guys
so much for watching and I will see you
guys most likely tomorrow with a new
vlog and yeah I love you guys bye
