good morning guys and welcome back to
the blue Channel
is such an intro up daily clean cleaning
of the lens anyways
so today is Wednesday she's the 15th
something really is exciting happening
for me right now but I'm not gonna say
cuz you're gonna have to watch every
book so today's Wednesday let's see
today is actually a pretty chill day
filming to do
I'm currently uploading a vlog I
literally just tweeted that you guys are
going to freak out because I'm revealing
the Coffee corner exciting good super
exciting uploading that right now I have
some filming to do later and then and I
have a fitting later um I have a lot of
cleaning today I said in yesterday's
vlog oh I did not clean our house as I'm
a mess you guys it isn't an actual mess
oh so bad that is a thing all this
equipment is still up all of that still
there from filming our vlogmas intro
there's just over just up in the
backyard but how about we make some
coffee
it's just a good one what coffee cup
should be used today that's good no no
we're using the hello gorgeous cup today
Oh update time I'm not even sure the
last thing one of them I don't think
I've loved why I think it was just
downstairs guys guess what we're wearing
a onesie really excited for this it's
actually really confident it's like thin
because most onesies are super warm but
this one's nice was that cold we are
looking sakya and no I'm not wearing
this onesie just to wear it even though
I totally would we are gonna be doing
some filming like I said so Ashley
should be home soon
she was at the gym so the second she
comes home we're just gonna film a bit
cuz we have a little bit to do I even
have my Christmas socks that I think I
got these at like a thrift store last
year thrifting fine they were brand new
though don't worry like I didn't buy
someone's used socks I feel like that's
a little bit nothing weird about 30 it's
a little weird to buy someone's used
socks though I think we can all agree
that sorry little weird okay
I think I just have something on my
teeth that entire good morning guys and
what is up and welcome to today's vlog
today is part two of the Bucks they
don't think I got enough footage
yesterday my hair is so cute I literally
slept with it like this and I haven't
even done anything just yeah I just yeah
hello what are we getting right now next
err yes it's been so long as I know
these dogs are cute she has yo we
haven't had nectar and so long guys
Rebekah Orange County where we used to
live and it feels so good so first stop
was nectar because God nectar we have
some work to do I think we might like do
some editing maybe we can go to
Starbucks or a coffee shop or something
I'm down inning some editing
oh you drinkers already girl I'm kind of
debating if I want coffee
so big surprise and made our way to
Starbucks I've been done drinking kind
of settings I'm getting coffee gotten
Hana worked out of a picture
yo Bing we drive home but I come on a
copy for the road but I feel weird
getting a coffee when I have this you
know what I mean I want like a like a
nice bed to you like we're driving we
got the good I did not get a venti I
refrained you guys it is so weird being
back in this area like it just gives me
such good vibes I knew I would miss it
but like I low key kind of miss it it's
just so much more chill here oh but I'm
gonna drive home your nest droppin
what's wrong I did get a coffee but
luckily this should make the long drive
a lot better
one two three yeah we got a grande iced
vanilla latte with soy milk going back
to that soy life guys I don't know if
this is a good thing or a bad thing it's
probably about thing because last time I
swear that's why I gained so much weight
low key okay so just currently 10:14
a.m. hopefully I can get home not too
late like for like 12 ish oh that was
the last time you ever saw me I'm in the
game like oh my god you guys I literally
just drove past my old Starbucks like
the drive-through Starbucks and I went
through so many times
what a babe please stop a big face babe
a balance in the face
I'm picking up Mathari
so many films oh my god it's so weird
being back here if you're new to my vlog
channel long story short I should I
lived in this area for three years and
that's like really when my youtube
channel took off so I feel like most of
our viewers will just remember like
those box them and I love them oh my god
you guys this is my little target what
the Frick oh my god you guys will
recognize it that's my target shut up oh
my god so many memories that go into
target
now one of
yeah we got the goods we got a lot of
service it's such a typical Alicia vlog
so many Target adventures there why am I
being honest on today oh my god bless
you truck for making it Shady so now
like lighting looks good okay where's my
wallet
now we can go home really hope there's
no traffic is this can you see me is it
recording hello it is recording um
update time it is currently 537 p.m. so
it's just editing this vlog and I was
looking over all the footage analyze it
kind of didn't have too much footage and
then I realize you know what when most
lost I just kind of sat down and talked
to you guys I don't know what I'm
talking about why am I so awkward today
honestly I've been so productive getting
stuff done very excited so basically the
main thing I wanted to talk about was
something is something that I honestly
should have talked about probably like a
month or two ago a month ago a while ago
like probably a few months ago some of
you a lot of you have asked me about my
app yeah it's gone I don't know how else
to explain it better so yeah I do not
have my app anymore I don't think it
shows up in the App Store if you have
the app it just says it doesn't work
anymore I feel like I kind of owe you
guys an explanation for that because I
was so excited for it and then I just
stopped talking about it and the next
thing you know you look and it's gone I
should have talked about this so long
ago I'm so sorry basically and I just
wanna be real with you guys like I
really just want to be real I was so
genuinely excited for the app and I feel
like the expectations that other people
had for it and that I had for it were
just different yeah and which kind of
sucks because I feel like I had such a
vision for it like looking at the
content I wasn't proud of it I feel like
I was putting so much work and effort
into that that could have been put into
my YouTube channel more personally I
felt like there should have been more
stuff that was free for you guys I know
that
a huge issue I also saw a ton of you
guys saying that you had glitches with
it there was some problems it was so
hard there's a lot of spammers not
kidding so many people we had to block
so much so much if you know me in real
life you know I contend to be a
perfectionist and this was something
that when I'm just like not proud of
something it's really hard for me it was
just so hard for me my name is on this I
want it to be perfect it wasn't perfect
it wasn't what I wanted it to be so yeah
the company that I had my app with and I
both mutually agreed to terminate the
contract and stop doing it you know it
was something that I wanted to test out
like having an app and seeing if I liked
it and after a few months I honestly
just decided I don't think this is for
me at least right now in my life like
maybe in the future right now I just
like I really want to focus on YouTube
and other projects that I was I know
there's a lot of people whose apps are
gone I like around the same time that
mine was I do not know their side or
their story I just know mine like like
hey yeah I'm rambling mark I definitely
had fun talking to you guys on that so I
do want to do more live streams because
I did a lot of life she was on my app I
feel like even just the comment section
of these videos I try to reply to a lot
of comments I like I see your comments
and I feel like we can have the same
like close family feeling that we had on
the app in my comments or on Twitter or
snapchat or all the other like social
media platforms out there but yeah so I
just want to kind of clear that up clear
up them rumors and I ramble I'm sorry
hey guys what is up so I quickly just
wanting to end this vlog I'm so sorry I
didn't end it last night but anyways I
love you and I'll see you guys
superseded with a new vlog bye
