good morning everyone and welcome to
today's vlog
good morning Chlo hey hey hey hey guys
what is that let's put some makeup on
with a little primer how was everyone's
weekend was it good hope it was good
well I just I feel like I haven't talked
to you guys in a while I don't know why
and I don't like that like at all
anyways if you notice I didn't put up a
new main channel video this weekend and
honestly I felt like I just kind of like
no it was getting like really stressed
and overwhelmed because I was like
behind and then the more that I thought
about it I just felt like it made a lot
more sense just to kind of like skip a
week take some time and then that way I
can hit like this week are because I
have to do some pre filming and stuff
this week so yes low-key I was really
sad to like to get out and say that I
wasn't uploading anything up like when I
did you guys were so freaking sweet and
just saying like take as much time as I
need and like I don't know it meant a
lot so yeah nobody went out but it's
video will be up this weekend I'm trying
to upload a vlog today I'm trying to be
on my blog game this week so it should
be good but yeah today I have some
filming to do for this week's video I
think you guys are gonna like it I'm a
little nervous I'm not gonna lie but it
should be good should be good oh my god
this is kinda like a chit chat get ready
with me I just have a lot of that you
guys aren't also I want one of the most
exciting trips I think I will ever go on
in my entire life next week and I'm just
so freaking excited for that so I have
to pre film because I'm gonna be gone
next week it's gonna be so freakin fun I
am so excited I can't wait yeah this
week there really isn't too much going
on but because I'm leaving next week I
just have a lot to kind of like catch up
on you know you know you know anyways I
think I'm gonna sit here watch some
YouTube videos and finish getting ready
and make mastani hell yeah it looks good
anyways I have a ton of filming to get
done today so I need to start that right
now we just gotta get her done okay
let's do that
maybe I'll tell you guys what we're
filming or maybe you'll be able to
figure it out I kind of don't know well
see also as much as I would love to wear
this today I don't really think I can I
mean I could freaking lighting I hate
what this mirror here where can I put it
there's not many options to put it I
could put it here or I could kind of put
it over there
do you guys see what I mean or am I just
going crazy I feel like it's just so
dark on this side because there's like
no light coming from here and there's
like just coming from here you know no
no no like there's only certain angles
that work I feel like you guys probably
don't care or you probably didn't even
notice until now anyway is that
something that's bothered me so since we
can't wear this we should figure out
what else we can wear um I can't figure
out how come thigh want to be mm-hmm
no shoot maybe I can wear one more for
now for now I have a lot of changing to
do in the video that we're filming so
maybe I can just come like chill in this
for a bit Oh we'll see update time so it
is currently did you do 1:48 p.m. and I
came home to a package so I figured I
would do a little unboxing for you guys
and show you what's in here cuz I have
no idea I genuinely have no idea so
let's figure that out right now dun dun
duh is this good I hope so wait guys can
you imagine what this backgrounds gonna
look like if we follow through with the
whole office dining room switch because
I think it'd be so pretty and cute and i
usally
like oh oh if you didn't see it I think
sometime last week I uploaded a video
saying room transformation from makeover
something like that and I talked about
switching our dining room in our office
just because of lighting and stuff I
feel like it makes a lot more sense that
way so we might do it like we legit
might do it and sooner than later so
yeah I don't know I'm like so excited we
got some scissors yeah weirdo
oh shut up oh my gosh
so it's from nars the company sends them
also sends other ones so I never know
from the box like what it's gonna be
we got some NARS I love NARS makeup it's
so nice it's also like a real exclusive
so shot ups them for something
absolutely what do we have lip kits
cheek palette oh I always love their
packaging like this is so cute oh wait
oh uh wait why is it a kid is it just
because there's two of them or maybe I'm
just so used to freaking Kylie's look
kids how has a liner and a liquid what I
mean I'm not complaining oh my gosh this
one looks beautiful this one's in the
cool nudes and these colors are so much
more like me you know what I think these
red ones are different colors yeah
Cherry Bomb and don't stop these ones
are like beautiful nude colors oh oh
wait let's swatch them okay that one's a
little darker than I expected I feel
like this one Bini is all the time if it
looks good lift freak really so find a
name of the product like what would I
name it oh my gosh that one is really
pretty I like the packaging I think is
super cute ah okay and then I can either
the cheap pallets
oh my god okay so then there's two cheek
palettes I can already tell this one's
so much more me I just like more cooler
tone things open it up oh I don't know
if you guys can see that but that is so
pretty like this ooh I'm gonna use this
tomorrow might as well open the other
one because why not so this is the
wanted to palette I can open it these
are super pretty too like this color
right here on this corner is my perfect
blush shade like I freakin love that ah
so thank your NARS this week you guys I
am procrastinating I've been sitting
here trying to get my freaking huh I
still have so much to do and I have had
having I need to do a but instead I'm
literally just like not doing much of
either I'm working on the thumbnail man
mer I feel like I should watch one
other's procrastination motivation type
of videos low-key I probably upload
- okay ready we got this we got this
oh I totally was let's see mm-hmm oh my
god that's so Dre's got the Silesia it's
funny I really just have to add tax I
think that's pretty much it it's already
a put it is totally I just noticed that
my hair is like crazy back here
thumbnail is done oh those are my
swatches from earlier yeah the swatches
right there yeah it literally didn't
take that long it's just it feels like
it takes forever okay so that's nine
video I believe is oh it's all ready to
go I just need to change a few things
right there vlog is almost up almost
woke up you guys it is day two of this
vlog and I just spoke I like it hid
myself and I was like oh yeah anyways I
realized I have not started the vlog
today and I apologize I just realized it
and start my fingers sort it all so I
don't think I got that much footage
yesterday did I'm pretty dang sure this
is part two forgive me guys I feel like
I've been so off of my vlog game I'm
just like low-key kind of been enough
enough funk but like I don't know I just
I don't know but we're good I think
we're good we're good now maybe
super-good woke up early I had a friend
come over we did a photo shoot I've got
some pics let me clean the screen dirty
good man alright forest alright so much
better can you even tell different I
feel like every time I clean the lens
you guys probably can't really tell but
yes so plain
can you hear that so I'm not almost done
filming my video but I have a little bit
of filming still have to do for this
week's video
Ashley's actually gone right now but I
figured while she's gone I can start
prepping getting everything together so
when she comes home we can kind of knock
it out do you guys know what I'm filming
yeah I don't know if you know I forget
if I told you or not but let me know if
you can figure it out I had to order
this and you'll figure out why when you
see the video but I needed this as a
backdrop so I ordered this huge fluffy
thing of material honestly I have no
idea what to expect so let's open this I
got this I got this current situation I
think it'll work here yeah yeah we'll
try this okay I hope this works out oh
my god I hope this doesn't shit
literally ordered so much fabric I also
have no idea what I'm gonna do with this
afterward Clow is this pretty
should we take a photo of you on it I
think I shouldn't do this it's so funny
like this is what I do with my dad you
don't I mean the one thing about working
from home is every day is different oh
my gosh we oh my gosh this is so cute
what do I do with this afterward oh I
might need ashes help I don't think it
sheds which is great this is some
quality faux fur get in loser we're
going shopping so ash had an appointment
around the corner and she asked me to go
pick her up
hence me driving her car you're welcome
thank you anyways guys a good day he's
been a very quiet unrolled the fluff and
doesn't shed yeah yeah and then did it
betrayed me there's some fluff but it's
okay I just need your help like putting
it up also guys I just posted a new
Instagram go like it I'm so annoying
also Chloe posted a new instace story
maybe she's like well I guess you can't
like a story but you should go watch it
and follow Club and follow Ashe while
we're at it
Ashley take over it's been a very long
time my friends have you been Alicia's
being a doll and picked me up get out of
here it's been a great day we had a
photo shoot together which was fun kolo
had a photo shoot today that was
adorable it was a little a little like
over the top but at the same time not
really if you know her at all we were
headed back home and we're gonna fill in
front of King fluff did you show them oh
yeah yeah you know you know they were
there with the struggle in the video
you'll probably comment that's the fluff
that she was talking about and it's
gonna be cute are you excited yeah I'm
really excited I think it's gonna be
like a difficult photo they do you guys
just finished filming I wanted to vlog
but I don't want to give it away and
also this scene like I didn't I there's
a reason I didn't wanna maybe I'll just
tell you I'd like the outfit I was
wearing was like a little like right
like I'm really not sure I'm gonna
include this like the only problem is I
went through so much trouble to buy this
backdrop to buy all the props and
everything for this and I figured you
know I might as well still try but yeah
what I was wearing was like a little
like so there was no wide angles that
were gonna be happenin also I really
want to go take off my lips I just
forget how much I do like red lips
though there's just so much to keep up
with and they get all over your teeth
and like it's just a lot I like red lips
during the holidays but I feel like I
don't really wear them much like on the
daily but shout-out people who do
because you're rock Chloe is fully
loving this love we took a pic for your
instantly yeah we did we did I should we
make her appointment then answer it
frustrated me because
I finally got around to calling them and
they just didn t know they didn't want
to answer the chef boy or a flea or chef
girl are actually what you make it I'm
making cauliflower stir-fry on your
sweatshirt no really there's a hand
technique you have to like pull it over
that way I feel like you're attacking me
right now anyways let's go take off
these lips today makeup wipe check let's
see
oh no no guys the weather in LA is but
it's so weird it was freezing one week
and then it was raining the other week
or the other day and then today it's
super cold again this makes no sense but
I'm getting so forget excited for summer
and now Coachella and Festival and
Spring Break let's try to fix this
that's better ooh question of the day
what's your favorite makeup brand I'm
pretty sure I've asked that before if
you don't wear makeup then what's your
favorite losing brand let me know in
comments update time it's a little bit
later we're doing something spontaneous
so we did some filming I was doing some
editing and then I'm actually gonna meet
up with jhumri now we're gonna go on a
hike a yeah and like I mentioned the
weather has been really weird lately so
I'm not sure if it's cold like it looks
like it's cold but obviously we're gonna
be hiking will probably get warm I'm
bringing a jacket anyway some wearing
this like tank top and then I'm wearing
some leggings we got a hat it's kind of
just like a basic hiking outfit yeah so
I'm gonna grab all my stuff for that
phone we got water I got my vodka camera
in my hand this is perf let's do it yeah
we're gonna go on a hike we're not gonna
die we got this we got this
you guys we made it to the top not only
did we make it this up no like it wasn't
hard my last time we were dying granted
it was so hot last time burned
we were sunburned or now it's like a
cool breeze so it's not as bad yo low
key so Brad the Hollywood right there
downtown is right there I feel real
basic right now it's cool we're killing
it Hey we're killing it
it's like those dance videos not real
like should we say I feel like we came
all the way up here and I was like
she'll like reminisce and just
contemplate the universe my name in a
bottle it's a bit you to fall Jenny what
are you gonna have purple hair again
mmm I miss my purple hair is so much
like every time I look in the mirror and
like I need purple hair again I'm lucky
she was about to dye my hair purple wait
can't we please do that I'm just scared
like what if I dye it purple over no no
no but the green is faded it's not like
it's like neon green we could just do
like a little strand and see underneath
yeah it doesn't have to be like I want
it purple so bad so down hey guys update
I know it's a lot later now the hike was
good didn't dive which was great I was
just getting ready for bed and I figured
I should end this vlog for you guys yeah
I think so much for watching and I will
see you guys really soon with a new one
