good morning guys and what is up and
welcome back to today's vlog loud just
Chloe her first day of school I'm hoping
she's doing really well if you didn't
see yesterday's vlog she's going to
school we're gonna get good prey Chloe
are you ready for school going to school
for two weeks I'm so yeah today is
Tuesday T's Tuesday and last night I
spent the night at Mia's went to the gym
came home got ready my hair like really
needed to be washed is that TMI kind of
not really I don't know hey anyways
plans for the day I have a vlog that I
really want to get up I've already been
working on it a little bit I have some
cleaning I should do and then I have
some filming action are we gonna go I
think to target tonight because I have
some scenes for a video that's gonna be
going up this week that I need to go to
target for so we're gonna do that here's
the makeup look for today lately I've
been really liking gold eyeshadows no
I'm just been using gold eyeshadow a lot
still freaking obsessed with the Too
Faced peach perfect foundation I'm
pretty sure this is at least halfway
gone I use this every single day not
love it for eyeshadow for eyeshadow I
use this palette from tarts and as you
can see I've definitely used it a little
bit but yeah this color in the middle
that gold is what I used on my lids my
room is a mess
please don't judge me I got a huge pile
over here we got a huge pile over here I
just have to still unpack from New York
guys anyways here's my very casual Oh Oh
T D I got this room why is there what
come here
son go away son I got this from
Francesca's on tour last year I wear
this pretty much I think every day on
tour this is a necklace Ashley got me
last year for Christmas sure it is from
Urban Outfitters rolla is from brandy
melville shorts are from Urban
Outfitters they're Levi's and that is my
outfits
it's what I'm wearing a question of the
day what are you wearing today give me a
full description OTD comment right
ah I miss her too I should pose for her
Instagram look so Ashley literally just
on the hall here right now and enjoy can
use this setup to do a call unboxing on
my vlog channel because let's be extra I
actually want to be so actually let's
turn on the fireplace yes wait is it
gonna ruin the couch or the chair oh
also you guys oh I like so fall
literally Who am I I'm drinking G and
it's from coffee bean not Starbucks like
Who am I is this cray this is crazy
like I'm cheating on my lover that's
weird but it's good this is like
blueberry tea I don't know ash got it
for me and pomegranate blueberry infused
tea testing testing
you guys this is so official hey guys
and welcome back to Alicia's channel
today we're gonna be doing a forever 21
in boxing so ok Loki Loki I was editing
yesterday's vlog and I realized that I
never I never finished the unboxing I
have a few packages here that I just
kinda want to open on I've been waiting
to open on camera I am so excited and I
just got super excited about the pop and
Suki purses and bags that I just forgot
cuz I literally have this whole box to
unbox as well and I totally just did it
so we have a forever 21 haul which I'm
really excited about I haven't ordered
off there in a while it should be good I
ordered all this stuff for New York
clearly I'm back home from New York so I
might have to return a bit only because
I purposely bought it for colder weather
we'll see fire so hard but does it look
cute do you guys like this setup cute
right like I've been wearing a lot of
pants lately I've been talking about it
a lot lately so I got these one
high-waisted el bottom looking like like
wide leg pants I really like the little
circle thing which reminds me of that
white skirt that I got from pretty
little thing that had the same a little
circle thing this just is a lot darker I
feel like it was more Navy on line but
that's cute I guess
cool that's cute oh these are pants to
it you can tell that I'm really liking
this style right now I got another pair
of pants that are high waisted and have
a little circle thing these ones are
white but I remember literally they're
like cut so they're pretty much short
like they're not both they have a cut
the whole length of the leg like they're
super cute I thought this would be cute
for a carpet or
or something or just if I want to be
extra and wear it like on the daily
basis you know I remember I ordered this
coat for New York can totally see me
returning it oh it's cute though
wait this is actually really cute but it
reminds me of the urban jacket I got
already pink parka jacket movie this is
so nice this is super cute I like it I
don't know I'm a choker I'm just a hot
mess right now I really like this is
super cute how much were you
44 90 which sounds like a lot but
considering a lot of the jackets that I
was looking at urban were over $100 I
feel like that's actually a really good
deal okay I think I should definitely
return this unless you like it uh this
is another like huge sweater cardigan it
was 3490 watch I'm watching I'm gonna
keep everything I keep talking about
returning stuff that's probably she's
gonna keep everything cool wait destroys
we have your brandy coat yeah it's super
it's 3490 oh it's so soft oh oh my god I
love it even makes my outfit that I'm
wearing now looks so trendy do you know
what I mean super thin which I like I
feel like it's really good for Callie
yay guys anyways thank you so much for
watching be forever 21 unboxing on a
leash Maria vlogs until next time I'll
see you guys later I literally don't
know what I'm doing oh that's cute
update time what time is - actually what
time is it
Ash is currently at 7:30 we heard it
straight from Ashley oh sorry no way
just me and my jingling shirt so Ashton
aircrafts me adds tug I was literally
here yesterday
well actually I was at a different one
so I wasn't just here yesterday you guys
cannot tell me I was here yesterday I
was totally here yesterday we were
currently filming a video hence the red
lips and Christmas attire eyes there's
literally bells on this every time I
walk I dream go huh I'm for it
I don't care we got stuff done now we're
just actually getting some legit stuff
that we need in desperate need of new
body wash this mouth grain I got to shut
up this is so cute but Nana sent it
oh this Morgan's it smells like banana
ah I feel like we literally have the
most random stuff in our cart right now
like there's lettuce on a pillow
oh then they don't then done something
apart these are cute it feels so weird
that we actually have a house to
decorate they grieve so much room we can
freakin put these towels in everybody
so I'm really torn because I want to
decorate and start buying stuff but I
also kind of want to wait for vlogmas no
like I want to wait for vlogmas to
decorate but I also kind of want to just
start because you guys know meaning
maybe I'll just kind of start I don't
know that's opinions what should I do is
tell me the comment should I just start
early is that too early for you guys if
I start yo this looks like this so good
it's from NARS if you're wondering um
decor section is honestly so freaking
cute this is what I mean I want to wait
for vlogmas but I don't like I don't
have a new couch to put pillows on it's
want to put pillows on getting a
nightstand for the guest room I guess I
could help her do it but I'm instead I'm
sitting here blogging no ash we're to
carding it again
that's I mean oh my god that's a cute
little candle we got a lot of stuff big
shocker we got the good I mean go home
hello guys I was currently just editing
this and I realized I have not ended it
so I just quickly wanted to end it
instead of just being lazy and just
doing the endcard so anyways thanks for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
