guys what is up and welcome back to the
vlogs at home very very excited about
that literally saw someone say daily
cleaning of the screen so anyways
welcome back I'm so excited to be home
really not doing it too much this next
week so I'm just so excited
hi to everyone see I get my hair done
yesterday my babe
you guys know I got my coffee guys I'm
getting so excited for the holidays also
can we talk about Taylor's new album um
what is your favorite song ooh that's me
the comment of the day oh where it's my
primer right in front of me we are
currently getting some filming done
looks stupid pigs we don't have much
time wait you guys so remember that time
when I tweeted out that there was gonna
be a whole bunch of new home decor and
home furniture whose blogs were gonna be
coming well today's vlog definitely that
he ordered a new couch months ago
literally months ago it was backordered
finally got delivered and I want to show
you because it looks so good like it
literally makes the room look so much
freakin better here's the new couch I
freaking love it it looks so good I was
honestly so iffy about a white couch oh
it looks so freakin good and what's cool
is you can like you can like put these
down so much better reading action movie
nights and friends can like have a spot
to sit as of right now the rug is gone
because we found a place that can clean
it for us cuz it really needed to be
clean we kind of like how it looks
without the rug so I'm not sure I feel
like we're gonna eventually have a rug
here but I don't know like it looks so
good I'm obsessed a
and it reclines yo I'm fully obsessed
this is honestly like so nice it looks
so much better really happy with it we
also have any coffee table coming which
I'm really excited for except it's come
twice broken both times so yeah we are
getting a new coffee table eventually
it'll be bigger and it'll kind of go
with all of this then we solve our
pillows I feel like I just need new
pillows I don't even know what I want to
do but I love it and then I told you
guys that coffee corner was officially
happening not too long ago this is gonna
have a huge makeover soon we've talked
about having like a coffee corner over
here for a really long time it is done
oh my god you guys it is so freaking
cute we've been talking about this for
such a long time so in love with it huge
shout out to Shara I'm gonna link
everything in the description box she
has her video of her making it and yeah
I'm like so so happy with this so here
it is oh my gosh you guys this is so
much cuter than I even thought it could
possibly be it's so freaking cute so if
you guys remember what this looks like
like the before of this like do you
remember it looks so much bigger now
like I love the rugs I have little fluff
in the bench can we talk about this neon
sign though oh my god like the wall and
the neon sign are actually my favorite
thing ever
it says mmm coffee like it's so cute we
have this light and literally just like
put it there for now so I don't think
it's gonna stay here but it kind of
looks cute there we have my record
player we did add all of our records
right here I feel like it just adds so
much oh my god I love and there's like
coffee beans and sugar cubes and it's so
freakin cute and this corners like this
really really cute little shelf and a
plan we love our plants a basket this
book right here is also like super super
super cute it's like a photography book
which loves that I'm so excited that we
can vlog vlog here now
it's been up for like a week ish I want
to say oh my god I imagine that
instagrams guys the Instagram so cute we
are obsessed with it I'm gonna trough
the neon sign so you can see what it
looks like so there it is the new coffee
corner it looks so much better I feel
like it just looks so much more homey -
there's something about it that just
like I freakin love the bar stools and
that corner literally make it look so
much more homey now this chair is just
here for now don't worry about that like
we'll just uncover the couch and the
coffee corner I feel like this is all
just coming together like turns the
corner and I found khlo she totally
hates the new couch Chloe do you not
like the new cow she always lays in this
spot Wow she misses it
so we're actually giving this couch to a
family friend who's like they're just
getting married so they don't have no
furniture really excited give it to
someone who could really use it but I
don't think clothes happy about it
this video is types of moms it's
definitely gonna be going up types of
moms it's hilarious like this is one of
those videos that like you just share
with everyone it's really funny so so
yeah I'm gonna change so I'm gonna edit
my last vlog so I can get that up for
you guys yeah I'm pretty sure we're like
finally up to date with the vlogs also
have a ton of footage to import - I
can't on the last time I filmed the
video the day before it was going up
it's been a bit I'm like I have the
whole thing to edit tonight and we're
getting up early because we're filming
something really exciting tomorrow some
of you may be able to guess it but I
don't know freaking excited but you guys
won't know for a little bit but like you
know update time so currently getting
ready for the Meetup very excited and
wearing this outfit it's very me but
it's very not me at the same time and
I'm kind of liking it a lot I put my
hair back and I have - just a black
choker which is from forever 21 I
believe a green cropped sweatshirt which
is from pretty little thing and then I'm
wearing this skirt which is from Urban
Outfitters I showed it in my fall ha
that's the outfit I might wear to find
high boots I think that could be really
cute or am I just wear tennis shoes I'm
kind of like it's like laid-back but
still super cute I'm gonna quickly like
touch up my makeup oh my god you're like
 yeah I'm just gonna like touch up
my makeup and it's so early this morning
so now it's need a little a little help
yeah it's just like a little bit you
guys I'm so excited to meet so many of
you I kind of kept forgetting I had a
meet-up hold it just like a it's like a
little concealer also side know if you
did not know that I was having a meet-up
today it's probably because you don't
follow me on Twitter so you definitely
should follow me on all my social medias
so yeah you should follow me there for
like fun stuff like this
we're making progress this looks a lot
better already
hey guys what is up so I just wanted to
quickly end this vlog I was editing it
or right now and I rise I didn't end it
at all so I'm sorry I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
