good morning guys what is up and welcome
to another loud this eyelash is
exceeding stunts and it's really
bothering me so today is our last full
day in New York I'm actually really sad
but I'm excited because I think we're
gonna have a real good day so it is
currently at 37 p.m. p.m. Nolita at 9:37
a.m. yeah anyways ash and I are gonna go
get some breakfast we are really hungry
snaps for Lita and Ashly for getting
ready early cuz that's a big deal okay I
need my jacket
apparently it's breathing out when you
wore something all day yesterday and
didn't realize there is a tag on it and
did another tag I love this jacket I got
at urban out here that's another thing
like I kind of mention it in another
vlog but we really have to figure out
like we need to figure out how we're
gonna get our clothes up the good news
is I only came with one carry-on so I
should just bring another carry-on the
problem is is like jackets are so big so
they take up so much room so it's not
fair yeah that's true yeah okay let's
get back we got the keys we got the
phone bag let's go look I heard get that
ankle I'm so hungry
so we are currently headed to breakfast
Joe is so hungry what do we want
low-key debating on like pancakes that
sounds so freakin good so low-key asked
to switch our table to come inside it
because it's a little more convenient I
kind of ordered a lot I got a slice of
avocado cones and some pancake feed out
I'm gonna eat her life
don't judge me oh my god this looks so
good
I got way too much so we got some
avocado toast so we got some pancakes
Ashley got a breakfast sandwich and we
are about to eat all this so excited
yo that looks so good we got some coffee
definitely our next step after breakfast
for Christmas I'm literally so excited
to decorate like Ashlee literally just
said she's so excited decorate the house
for Christmas and I'm like say I think
next week I want to start oh we should
do everything we got some coffee so
excited I think we're just gonna like
walk around it's been such a good last
day already same time oh my god okay so
it's 308 p.m. currently been a bit less
my vlog and talk to you guys we had
breakfast I think the last thing I
really fogged we took a few pictures
that was fun both have some like a
random work to get done so I had to do
to vlog the one I'm soon put up a blog
hollow and then I've just been editing
some Instagram photos and stuff I'm the
type of person like I have to bulk edit
photos for my Instagram and when they're
fully at like I don't know so it's so
much easier for me to sit down at a
computer and like edit photos and then
have them ready to go so I can post them
daily you nobody knows anyone else like
that and the other youtubers like that
I've got my back I mean I guess I could
show you guys I guess I could show you
what I've been editing you know let me
let me show you maybe let's put up on
the screen that could low-key be a lot
so Ashley I went to Disneyland before we
came here
you guys saw that box I have all these
photos we designed I still haven't
posted yeah and I just edited them all
literally they're so cute oh okay
literally my phone was charged and
already like plugged into my computer it
might as well record the screen um so
yeah I've just been using PicMonkey I
mean you guys know I used to like it all
the freaking time okay I feel like I've
talked about it a lot you see how crisp
this photo is this whiten feature will
save your guys's live just have to draw
wherever you want it super white that's
how I keep my white feet I'm not even
kidding
make it so bright and bold
then just come here and fade it I always
use features that argument for the
feature you know what I mean but like
you can do anything that's what I love I
don't really use these effects too much
I usually just come here to adjust and
kind of do it all on my own like levels
like do you see this like you can make
something so bright actually am i
pregnant a little more blur blur feature
this is how you make every iPhone
picture look like you used an actual
camera like this because you just like
do the blur feature and it makes it look
like the aperture was like super wide
and like oh it looks beautiful
so yeah damnit PicMonkey link in the
description box I think my phone just
died like if I'm on my phone I really
want to edit like I'll still to use the
app a lot but for the most part I
usually like sitting and editing 10
photos at a time literally so many fan
pages like watermark their photos out
your permission or if they do steal your
photos without permission at least Alec
has your handles so if you guys do edits
of any kind like that would be so
helpful for you or for something else
like I always literally the Middle's
amazing so shout outs PicMonkey link in
the description box if you guys are
interested or if you're not interested
you probably just skipped all this but
why would you do that I'm giving you all
my secrets right now so here's the
outfit of the day up more outfit of the
night because it's kind of like I feel
like it's gonna be dark soon I think
this'll last I'm changing today we got a
beanie from Urban Outfitters we have
this denim jacket which is Ashley
minestrone Levi's my shirt is from
Topshop it's just like a cropped
long-sleeve shirt and then my pants are
also from top shot or just like these
wide leg pants and I really like them in
my shoes or Pumas they're the awesome
velcro ones they're pretty cool so yeah
I have a feeling I'm gonna be cold but
I'm kind of okay with it top of the rock
I'm so excited it's gonna be such a
beautiful view I'm really really really
excited guys my iphone screen is
literally frozen it's been frozen for 51
minutes and I know that because I was
texting Chloe and her thing is like
stuck there at the top and that was
almost an hour ago like I don't like the
button works but it won't let me do the
thumb
thing it's just I have to unlock my
thumb turn it off but then I can't swipe
it to actually turn the whole thing off
look I can't do anything it makes me so
fam low key ash can I be honest low key
believe in that Apple conspiracy now
ever since I updated to iOS 11 so many
problems like the whole AI stupid thing
like question mark you know you know oh
my gosh my gosh you guys it is beautiful
it's actually been cool seeing like all
the lights turn on in the city to the
perfect trip to New York I've been on
top of the Empire State Building which
is what's really right there I've not
been on top of here got some pics with a
cute little like telescopes in it so
it's getting dark real fast oh yes girl
get that snap Oh get that boomerang get
that boomerang oh sorry girl it is
beautiful
we're like 70 floors up P let's get some
food
these cookies are massive I might this
whole turkey now it's so many chocolate
chips it's show it you guys you're
curious levain bakery open hey guys
update time so as you can tell I took
off my makeup it's all ready for bed I
have no idea how I fit everything into
my suitcases like you don't even know I
have I came with so much stuff and then
I bought so much stuff so I literally
don't even know what I don't know how I
did it but I did good morning world
good morning ash currently at the
airport if you could not tell us curly
early currently looking real cute okay
great
you want to know why I got some coffee
I'm all good back to the log
like I said in yesterday's vlog we are
traveling back home today and don't even
know what well you might know why by the
title yo we freaking I'm like such a
fetus right now that I feel like I'm
just like real close so we're in New
York we're flying back home to LA I like
I had some sky my point and I literally
haven't use them and like forever and I
didn't realize like what you really do
is I don't know whatever long story
short we got upgraded first class I'm
cool
I feel like I like really bougie with
white my mood for a jacket this was like
30 bucks I was like I think these are
like
like you don't - you're welcome to war
through the chin of woodwind um - we
have priority with this bar down zone -
oh my god yeah we'd go home see coal
money my I miss her so much
let's do it
thank you
low-key planning on sleeping like the
entire time this lighting is so good
there she is there she is
Ashley I like your sweatshirt it's a
real cute my god I literally like I've
only flown like this like one time
before cuz like a brand like hooked it
up I was like what Ashley
like it's literally like a little little
Lac
what is it cubby like a like okay we got
a pillow
we got a comforter oh we got some
headphones on dirty work but assuming
mine probably work better probably won't
use these but that's cool
I am Chuck yo Oh
we got
good luck
okay let's see we have laid down
I need start flying like this
dang hey guys what is up it's been so
long since last thing that you've seen
Ashley and I are home honestly once we
came back from our flight like I was
just so tired I didn't vlog at all so I
apologize for that like was amazing
honestly like editing this vlog it makes
me miss New York already like I loved it
so much we had so much fun I am happy to
be home though for mainly one reason
your momma Talmud we missed you little
one she's like mom let me go to bed
anyways speaking of going to bed I
wanted to end this vlog thank you guys
so much for watching and yeah I will see
you guys tomorrow with new vlog I love
you
