oh yes good morning even though it's not
really morning yet any more good morning
guys so it is currently 11:27 a.m. just
to recap you on the day I woke up so
early I woke up at like 5:30 Who am I
the only reason why which is a huge
reason that gets me out of bed I had a
photoshoot early this morning and it
went so well honestly I'm really excited
to see all the pictures I've seen one
already and it was edited so good
they're coming I did get some behind the
scenes of that for you guys yeah also if
you don't follow me on Instagram or
snapchat or even Twitter like I always
post behind the scenes things on there
so you should totally follow me on there
if you haven't what else oh my god and
then we went to a breakfast what up you
guys photo shoot went really well really
excited to see the photos and currently
have breakfast oh my god this looks so
good okay well I made this that was so
good and then is something so exciting
happy so we got a TV it's hopefully
gonna be able to be mounted above the
couch and they're literally coming here
any second to mount it so I wanted to
remember ski for you guys I am oh my god
like oh my god a schmear come vlog I'm
so excited
first off let's freaking shout out to LZ
because they sent this judge they did
not have to like so sweet of them I'm
gonna link any of this like in the
description this is one of their new TVs
and it's so nice and I'm like fangirling
and freaking out right now I don't know
if you can tell like initially I really
want to look at neon sign up here but
then this happened and now I'm I think a
TV would be so cool cuz it'd be so cool
like I don't know anytime I'm editing
here
my computer like it'd be so nice to have
just background noise and like what I
don't know I just like watch Beauty
videos and like chill and I'm excited
unboxing this is so thin we got it we
got it we did I do it
wait look at the thing look at the thing
oh my god wait it looks like on camera
it looks just like a sticker what the
heck man hey you the people who
installed it all gone now like super far
Emil are golden we got a new TV I'm so
excited we did have a plot twist was not
able to go in the office because of the
paneling which sucks but that's ok we
ended up putting it in the guest room
I've talked about this room before but
it's like honestly really really really
empty excuse me sir this is literally
the thinnest TV I've ever seen in my
life
this quality though it's 4k it's
beautiful it literally the colors are so
crisp and like I really sound like a
tech person right now I'm like the
colors the 4k also it comes with a sound
bar which is just beautiful and amazing
oh wait we should like what you should
want to put something on we can like
hear the audio I bet it sounds so good
look how thin this is literally look how
think it's actually better than my pee
it's literally thinner than my pinky oh
what the frak if you're curious this is
one of the newest 4k TVs it's the LG
signature OLED TV like it's but my god
ah I saw I just need to an unboxing of
this and seriously like I was like oh my
that's beautiful and then they Larry
offered its everyone it oh my god yes I
was playing a video I actually if you
didn't know I do shoot pretty much all
my videos now in 4k with soundbar though
these speakers like pop up whole
freaking nice a gag said this a million
times but seriously like huge shout out
to LG like they did not doesn't that
that is so sweet I am in love with it is
a beautiful TV if you're looking for a
TV I highly recommend that one I'm so
excited
like eventually not anytime soon but
eventually we want to turn that room
until like a guest room slash like game
room chill room like something like that
you know ah so exciting so right now I
am going to head to the office I have a
vlog that needs to go up today and it's
pretty much ready but it's gotta I think
I've to do a thumbnail saturate this a
little bit editing my life away good
news vlog is exporting it should be up
soon
also everyone in my last vlog commented
that I need to change my calendar oh my
god it's actually it's October 11th and
I freaking haven't changed this yet
ready this always happens and I have to
get up on the thing Oh
these little things buggies wait are you
sober like I got this
this counters almost done here we go I
can always count on you guys to let me
know when to change my calendar
it's literally almost halfway through
the month already like today is the 11th
what the Frick
yay I love his calendar seriously it's
all frickin kilts back to editing don't
don't look at those shoes okay wait I
need a car I'm just gonna get a hacky
yaaaah OOP but home to queries
man target oh it just like and I'm not I
know I'm not gonna really get anything
it's always nice looking
I have those suck it suck you done
digging in the done done I'm sorry I'm
sorry
so the whole TV thing totally inspired
us we're getting a Nintendo I'm so
excited
Mia has this she plays Mario Kart all
the time oh my god I'm so excited
literally so excited oh my god we're
about to have like a game room like a
full-on like very exciting oh my god
fun fact I like was such a gamer growing
up like very excited I really want to
get Zelda games forget guys if you have
game recommendations I've known that
description wait I literally want Zelda
and Mario Kart
Just Dance would be so fun I've actually
never played that that'd be really cool
yeah can we get is El de and Mario Kart
this may or may not be that one of the
most exciting target halls I've done oh
my God look at it like it like it like
it we got a Nintendo switch we got the
mario kart deluxe and these Elda which
I'm really really excited so excited for
this so I feel like we should go test
this on the new TV who's comic so we're
going in the guest room hallway studio
my room Ash's room guest room so um yeah
this is the guest room that you guys saw
earlier it is very big this room is kind
of dark honestly can't wait are we ready
are we ready already ah yeah
I just got first place yeah oh my god
okay I feel like I'm gonna be in this
room a lot no my battery's splashing no
update time so it's a lot later and as
you can tell I am like fully glammed and
guys are like Alicia what are you doing
cuz you're normally just always in
sweats so I'm actually currently about
to go to the Demi Lovato she's having a
premiere of her new documentary no
YouTube is putting it on so I'm really
excited for that Nikki's going I know
Erin and Austin are going yeah I'm like
I'm really excited so here's my outfit
outfit of the day necklace is from Wow
for a minute or no urban urban herb
shirt is from express like this really
cute bodysuit a skirt is from misguided
I got a head Nordstrom looks like that
and then my shoes I got from Aldo and
I'm freaking loving them they're like
these like see-through booties my
battery is flashing hope it doesn't die
shall we go
