good morning guys and welcome to the
what is today today yes tis Monday
October 9th and I literally feel like a
fetus and then when I get up before the
lay in bed all day
why has anyone made a song about that
like I just want to lay in bed all day I
just want a little bit that's how I feel
right now just kidding Alicia you know
Molly in bed all day you want to be
productive you want to get stuff done my
hair is still kind of crazy so today's a
good day it's not gonna be too crazy
which I'm very very excited about Oh
bless the world gotta get that copied oh
now it's a good morning I'm literally
gonna balance you guys on this water
bottle it like kind of works oh my god
is this my new tripod it could be I need
a headband one sec oh we were back just
gonna like put on some makeup we gotta
put on some makeup
wait this had been so comfy I got this
for one of my DIY costume videos
headbands used to hurt my head so much
kids don't even know they don't know now
mmm I haven't used this coffee cup and
forever honestly I saw it in the back of
the cabin I was like oh my god I used to
use this all the time I feel like almost
every single vlog I would use this
coffee mug so good okay
makeup time oh you know what guys I feel
like I feel like I should do something
that I have not done in a very long time
and I think you guys will appreciate
this because it's probably been my
number one requested thing to do on this
channel so I'm to everyone who requested
this it's coming back this is for you
and makeup is done update time it's been
a bitch as you can see my make is done
but it doesn't look like it matches so
that kind of sucks so my parents ended
up coming and visiting and they brought
Toby yo and Bo it's gonna go swimming
it's so bright yeah oh this is a huge
tennis ball sit it sit good boy shake
good boy lay down good boy stay stay
here we have a new toy bud that's gonna
be called oh yes oh my god he knows he
goes because I got in your you know he
loves water
oh go get it go get it good job good
yeah
oh my god oh my god oh thank you for
that oh that's a sigh one bag good boy
come here what up you got update time
it's been a bit lately getting ready
straighten my hair to film a little bit
I filmed a haul as you guys saw and was
that that was a while ago I still have
to film the parts where I like try on
all the clothes and stuff normally I do
it the same day but I forget what we
were doing I just remember being like
really busy so currently doing that I
figured I would set you guys up in here
I never really vlog in my bathroom I
feel like there's like a few reasons
like one it's like no we're near
decorated and low-key I still need
blinds like how long have we lived here
we're working on it so hopefully we can
get those soon I just love lighting
isn't that good in here yeah like
lighting is kind of weird like I'm like
I don't know if you guys can probably
like tell also low-key I like I know
this is a very like bougie extra
bathroom and like I don't know I just
feel weird especially when we first move
like I felt very weird showing some
stuff just like oh my god like this is
so nice like I'm aware of that but I do
know you guys have really wanted to see
like more of the house and the blogs
that's what we're doing Oh hot hot for
you and the pole was literally the
cutest thing ever
you're out there for a bit dude I've
gotten so used to make extensions my
hair has never been this long in my life
before and after.this crazy
ooh question of the day how did you have
your hair style today straight girl
braids pony or does it not even do
anything cuz no judgment there that's me
like pretty much every single day okay
well I'm just gonna sit here for like 10
15 more minutes and then we can film and
I'll update you guys then we are filming
got the camera I've been trying on a ton
of clothes any couple like halfway Urban
Outfitters just honestly like the
biggest one and I feel like I've gotten
quite a bit don't know a little bit more
to go here's a behind the scene
Wow oh my god you guys Chloe is actually
okay like what you look like a little
doll oh my god my little chunky monkey
finished filming that's a wrap that's a
wrap
hey that's a wrap we have a dance party
every time we finish filming I'm freakin
loving this outfit you guys fall vibes
like no other
I hope this hall gets you excited for
fall I'm very much excited right now but
let's do it often of the day like an
early outfit of the day because you're
gonna see this in the hall footstone so
skirt is from Urban Outfitters you guys
saw this about shopping there I think
maybe I've been member I almost got the
blue on but then look he was like I feel
like I don't know it's just I just liked
this color a lot boots are from Steve
Madden you guys know I love my thought
hat booth and then my shirt is from a
brandy Melville and I actually I'm
really happy with it because I was
nervous it would be a little too
see-through because sometimes their
materials is super thin honestly like
this is so cute that's my outfit hey
guys what is up let me make you a little
bit buddy what is up you guys
it is a lot later from the last time
that I saw you it's currently at 9:06
p.m. update time I've been editing a lot
today since last time you saw me I also
have two completely edited this vlog
that you are currently watching right
now which makes me really happy I'm kind
of like ahead on my vlog game makes me
really happy so this is the other side
of YouTube that most people don't really
see does this like interest you guys
because lochia kind of have been wanting
to do more like TechEd kind of videos or
like I don't know like more like you to
be techy kind of stuff cuz I thoroughly
love that like I've been saying
thoroughly a lot lately
how have you guys been noticing so uh
yeah let me know in the comments if you
guys would like but maybe maybe not it's
cool if not like really cool if not okay
guys so update time now it's been a bit
I just want to end this blog that you
liked it and I will see you guys
tomorrow with a new one anyways love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
