good morning guys I look like family's
coming out so now that the Hollister
shoot is that I really hope that you
guys enjoyed those vlogs that was
exciting for me so go watch that if you
haven't yet e official vacation starts
and I'm just like so freaking excited we
got some breakfast this hotel actually
has one of the best avocado - oh they
put an egg on it and they put um they
actually have some of the best avocados
that I've ever had it is so freakin good
and everyone knows the fruit and Hawaii
is just freaking amazing does that not
look like heaven it looks like heaven
and a little cup and then of course we
got some coffee so I'm gonna sit here
what did you guys have for breakfast
today comment below feel like I always
ask that question when I'm having
breakfast it's been a bit and I just got
up a new vlog it is right there and he's
saying that I got a new vlog camera and
I was curious what you guys think about
it I don't really talk about it in the
video but it's obvious that the quality
is like so different yes go watch it go
watch it
doo-doo-doo did it
update time it's been quite a while
since the last clip that you saw I
actually switched hotels and I picked up
a call from the airport my sister and my
dad come in tomorrow but we're here oh
my god it officially feels like vacation
it's literally so freaking beautiful I I
think I feel like I'm on vacation now
we're like I don't know cuz I was here
for work earlier like it didn't feel
like that but now it literally feels
like I'm here on vacation my mom hey
honey what are we gonna do tonight I
don't know but that Beach looks so nice
I'm like we should do that she's camera
shy
you guys we made it to the water
it literally is so beautiful it is like
my hair's crazy it's actually so freakin
pretty I want to go swimming so back
thank you oh um nah we're just gonna
clean that up a little bit
oh no I'm making it worse oh my god I'm
so tumblr tumblr a when you find like a
cute cute color and you're just like
mm-hmm we got the gun anyway so update
1257 they land in 16 minutes it will be
there and we will be there in 24 minutes
oh my god literally so pretty
hi family I'm never leaving good morning
guys and welcome to today's vlog it is
currently like six something my hair's a
little ratchet don't mind that first
we're gonna get some coffee
good good good go into the face place we
got the good whoo today we got an iced
almond milk latte second we're gonna go
on a hike literally so freaking excited
we are hiking taut sweaty I think I'm
dying
just kidding gnarly there's stairs oh my
god it is so beautiful that was a good
hike to you I can't get a picture of you
yeah I gotta get that gotta get that up
angle yeah that's cute just cute I
literally took like 20 million just
kidding I exaggerated so the hike was a
success that's where we're going right
now
we made it they're not ready for this
they don't even know they don't know
they don't know so this place is famous
are these like macadamia nut pancakes
it's so good it's like not to it and now
we have another mission we're doing a
target run yeah literally just need some
like random things we need a cart this
porcelain we need some beach towel
almost literally the main reason why we
came we gotta play some music you know
dang it fail wait one more time I would
have had that yo target adventures in
Hawaii I look like such a fetus looks
like I shoulda brought makeup or
something Ashley loved me why don't you
wait for me wait we need a floatie so we
can float wash this is a little one wait
but don't mean you can we blow this up
we got a ski mask I said we got some
goggles and a floaty - oh you didn't got
the boom chicka okay so just to recap
goggles Ashley got some boom chicka
we got floaties we also got a car
charger thing and then also a auxilary
cord so we can play music with the
charger phones in the car and then we
got for beach towels to do Target
adventures where did my sister go where
did she go Marco Marco did you get
shampoo and conditioner y'all so the
next stop on our mission is going to the
about to go to Lanikai Beach it is on
one of the most beautiful beaches ever
I'm so excited for you guys to see this
actually if you watch my vlogs when I
came here two years ago with Kat and
literal throwback we came to this Beach
and it's so beautiful it is a Saturday
so it's probably gonna be a little busy
I'm so excited right now I am going to
float the entire time
it is literally so beautiful here
yo it's so quick literally so freakin up
Balu the water feels so good see the
line where the sky me to see it comes me
and no one no me it goes I'm just so
happy right now look at this
so the beach was beautiful I'm so nice
my hair's crazy Asher are we packets are
you actually really wants to get a
waterproof phone case we had one last
trip
yeah um is I have one but it's for my
old phone oh you can't see the target
sign it's like too low are we getting
that if we only need one thing we might
need some snacks mint Milano's yo these
are honestly some of the best freaking
cookies ever where is it is it literally
right in front of me Oh or should we get
veggie chips as I'm like these are the
best chips in like we back to the car we
should totally buy this and wrestle each
other I think I would win we got the
good skies a new video go back to this
video and comment that my vlog sent you
and I will know
hashtag flock squad also you know ho I
already had my coffee today plus main
channel video being up means Alicia is
very very happy and now I can enjoy
Hawaii
I got also I did some shopping yesterday
do you do I got a few things I didn't
show you guys this yesterday first I got
these sandal and then oh my god so
excited I found this bathing suit top I
think I'm gonna wear this today it is so
freakin cute and then the last thing
that I got was just this hoodie so I'm
gonna change I think I'm gonna wear this
bathing suit today let's hope that it
looks cute it's not I'm totally gonna
return it we're going to the beach oh
this is so nice right now mom and dad
are swimming so I feel like when they
come back Ashley and I will go swimming
oh my god so bright
literally the water so so guys so I
now I'm dizzy ash let's go swimming
oh that was so nice the water was
beautiful you're literally just chilling
here kind of all day we have some palm
trees Alicia is so happy center with Ivo
yo this restaurant is like freaking
legit they give you iPads for the menu
and then if you just like you just touch
it and it shows you a picture that's
legit man good morning guys and welcome
to today's vlog you guys are like yo
Alicia you're so done up right now I
know it literally looks like I'm getting
married so we woke up super super early
do you have a photo shoot I reached out
to a photographer out here who is
amazing yeah oh my god this is so pretty
update time we're at location number two
we're at this beautiful hotel it totally
reminds me of the Beverly Hills Hotel
which you guys know like I love it so
cute oh my God thank you so much I'm
really excited for you
oh look at that beauty so clearly we are
all at breakfast we got an acai bowl as
you can clearly see the oh that is good
can you try this it's over currently
having my coffee sitting on the beach
like this is my view right now and it
looks so nice and fun fact this is
actually the exact spot that we filmed
or that we shot the Hollister shoot one
day also my battery is dying so it's out
sucks so we are currently at via
spitting caves and again shout out to
REM for telling me about this place I
came here two years ago you guys
this is a gorgeous I figured I'd bring
the family's it is beautiful I feel like
it's one of the best views like in
Hawaii like it is so freakin pretty it
is so freakin beautiful you got it yes
the water is literally so blue like ah
ah this is everything I ever wanted in
life so I'm checking this off my bucket
list
I've been trying to get a pic for my
insta I really want my feet like
dangling by good boy we're crying
