what is up you guys and welcome to the
vlog I am so not used to my hair like
what I'm just I can't I can't okay so I
feel like this is the first time you
guys are like really really seeing it
because the lighting in the salon one
did like totally like doesn't look good
and then when I came home it was
nighttime so I just like I'm not used to
it so oh oh okay here's the thing
I'm keeping it a surprise from you guys
so I got my hair done Monday yesterday I
was at Disneyland today I'm gonna keep
it a secret because I have a few more
Instagram posts that I would love to
post with my long hair before I post
ones with my short hair because knowing
me I would absolutely hate if my feed
was just make stuff with like different
hair links and stuff yes so today it's
gonna secret if you've noticed I haven't
snapped or like boomeranged really much
I feel like I probably should do some
stuff like not showing my face just cuz
I haven't done anything but yeah I'm
keeping it a secret because I just want
to get some of those posts up so I've
been doing like two a day hi I'm just
like get the motto you guys are gonna
find out tomorrow and I'm so excited
well by the time you see this it'll be a
while but yeah I showed Mia today I
facetimed her and showed her she freaked
out oh my gosh like I like I keep
talking about as much I just like I just
did it like literally oh we could go
ahead no idea that I was gonna have my
hair that short it just literally
happened anyways this morning I spent
like a good 30 minutes on Pinterest and
Instagram and stuff just trying to find
some hairstyles for short hair like I
really want to get better I could doing
some braids or like maybe some like half
up stuff pigtails like literally I'm a
boy hardly any options but yeah sorry I
feel like I'm gonna be staring at the
viewfinder all day today just because
like I'm just still not used to this
anyways today I need to get a vlog up so
we're gonna do that I also clean a bit
Ashley I really wanted to get some
pictures because now I need new pictures
and then what else what else what else
oh I'm gonna be hanging out with Nicky
and Jesse later today so that should be
fun I think the micro shopping or like
who knows what we're gonna do but yes
I'm sorry for touching my hair
okay wait let me just like scream one
more time and then we're done with it
you know we're done okay
I'm not over it's been two days now over
me and I just I'm still not over it I
think it's also knowing like like what
the like what oh my god okay get my
laptop so I keep staring at it okay
gotta get my vlog out we can do that
yeah uh-huh let's see let's see yeah I
really just kind of have to do a
thumbnail I think let's see it is
currently 136 p.m. sorry that it's a
little later in the day also the stupid
thing I just I don't get it I saw
Shane's conspiracy video and I was like
yo this is crazy okay seeing it like
really really crazy oh my god I showed
me at today I've only shot a handful of
people much you know I think we should
be working and we're just like I mean
I'm trying to get up we were watching my
blog right now so I guess I'm like kind
of working and so you got a vlog out oh
look at that face
I wish she loves the camera my face no
talk about that you chunky MA
I think she parted she did yay vlogs
looking good let's get it up ah you guys
just got the new vlog go watch it also
we're ready oh shit what happened what
happened huh ah new vlog if I go into
light and some so yeah can you box up go
watch it anyways anyways wow I've just
I'm not using much over here so you guys
biggest struggle about trying to keep my
hair secret is I can't post any
boomerangs ice not here honestly taking
so many boomerangs so I've just been
saving them all so I can both tomorrow
yes yes outfit of the day is pretty
basic only because it's a tracksuit and
it's all from dull skill so that's
pretty much the outfit of the day oh
well I'm coming shirt is from
mistress rocks misguided no where is
this wrong Wow worse after the day ever
and my shoes are Nike let's get some
food I'm coming I'm coming
hey munchkin sure I just I love it so
much I'm just not used to it I don't
remember you ever having short hair
Ashley seventh grade remembered the
Josie looked out this is weird
yeah like I kept talking about it this
whole vlog is a bit of a hurry
mine's not done so yeah we're gonna eat
I've been wanting to eat let's go eat
and would you maybe you want to take a
pic because you know I cut my hair or
now I'd like some new pixel camera check
phone check I think Ashley's in the car
waiting for me you didn't tell me you're
in the car we bout to get a photo the
food tone oh my god this literally feels
like a throwback kind of like it was
last time I don't know like I don't know
someone please can't home time to save
my hair or like OMG anything freaking
out about you guys look at these oh my
god this is crazy
team fish I mean at Agra first killed on
points oh my god these are so good okay
let's get some food what kind of food do
we want I'm not really sure but last
time I was there I had their vegan
lasagna and it was exceptional cuz it
was vegan like I was expected to be that
good
or that salad good are you even a ShowMe
secret ah I'm not ready that's the point
hey ash tell me a secret
anything anything you've never told
anyone happy because I ate was gone yeah
I knew you havethe Sonia we're in the
car ash wanted me to drive her change a
change so um oh we can go and you tell
us a good secret I'm calling Oh hit you
not you
hey guys what is that so I just wanted
to pop it in here and end this vlog so
yes so yeah I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow and um yeah bye
