good morning guys and welcome to two
days
the log yes first saw probably should
see about something might take because I
let her just a that would not be cute oh
good
hey guys so today is Sunday which means
it is an upload day I have been sitting
here at this computer for quite oh my go
to export it okay hold on
whoo we got this currently trying to get
my video up for this week the club with
Mia I am so excited for this video I
think yours are honestly going to love
it so I've been working on that all
morning have a nail appointment really
really freaking soon and hopefully
hopefully we can get this please be like
10 minutes got this computer Oh Jean
Marie hi where are we headed let's get
these nails done yo you guys not even
kidding like these you guys know I
always get a good white nail polish very
rarely I switch it up today I might get
like a like pink but for the most part
it's Whitey's look beige like they're
not even white anymore they look good
but they look really bad so that that's
a thing we should get lunch after for
sure
oh we should get coffee too I put my
hair up because I took the thumbnail for
our today's video and I was Tinkerbell
and I kinda just left it so that's why
my hair's like this yeah and I fought
we're a little late to our nail
appointment oh we are we're like right
on time princess barking will you guys
like can you see this probably can they
literally look like nude like a beige
color that's so gross oh my god get on
nails did I see me these nails are gonna
be so much cuter I think I'm gonna do
why it may be like a French tip for my
toes is that even click and anymore they
were really busy so we decided to go get
coffee
we made it to the bathe place Amy kun's
likes gone hey what do I want I think I
just want an iced latte that sounds
really good
I don't think I want any snacks although
lately daebak like Starbucks has stepped
up their date with snacks you know what
I mean yeah I'm hungry too cuz get an
iced grande a la gente yeah I've been
doing that in so long we got the good
yeah and we just missed the walk thing
yo I need a boring this is so cute
can you hold that's cute that's cute
like the reality of Instagram right now
I'm literally here like let's color do
we want I think I might get a like P
only because I have a shoot this week
and I feel like that would be better
than white alright don't know man so
literally like two hours later we've got
our nails done I'm like so proud of
myself this is a light pink it's not
white but it's like it's like a white
light pink so I'm not changing up too
much Kalaa me love me she loves me I
swear she just doesn't show it sometimes
up daytime it is a lot later than
the last thing once you saw Ida
literally thing the last thing I showed
you wasn't getting my nails done wow
it's been aboot it is currently like 10
something I think ish probably around
there I am currently about to start
packing because I had mentioned to you
guys that I have a shoot this week so I
am leaving tomorrow morning we got the
suitcase and we have to pack the
suitcase oh let's do this
so basically I'm going to Hawaii
did I just say where I just said where
well I'm going to this place for two
reasons one is for a shoot and another
one is actually just with my family
gonna be gone for a little bit I'm so
excited but I feel like it's supposed to
be hot and now that's really hot we need
some shirts like you let's see maybe
some like tank tops or some crop tops
that's cute we're making it profiteth oh
my god and we need so oh I literally
just cringed up my sunglasses collection
oh my god oh my oh this is kind of
embarrassing okay keep in mind most of
these are extremely cheap yeah they're
not all like like I don't know
Wow Oh most definitely needs some shorts
denim skirts some Schulz crop tops cute
bathing suit we need a lot of babies
oh my god I love what she just yeah okay
so yeah I guess my night is mostly
packing all the shop date time so
actually what time is it I have no idea
what time it is wait for it
it is currently 11 12 p.m. did you even
see that 11 12 p.m. it's almost midnight
I think I'm pretty much packed I
honestly I think I'm just gonna wake up
slightly earlier tomorrow make sure like
we're all good and stuff but yeah I
think I'm just gonna take a shower and
go to bed do you want to see the update
so far here is the update for everything
I still have a little room right here
this is honestly just for like a makeup
and skincare and all that stuff that I
still need to use tomorrow morning then
my computer is charging and I have my
new jindo switch and my carry-on bag yes
because we have editing to do on the
plane
yes widow in the blog right now so yeah
thank you guys for watching and I feel
like it's pretty obvious where I'm going
tomorrow but not you'll see in
tomorrow's vlog or my snapchat or
Instagram story so be sure to follow
those our Twitter thank you so what was
that thank you so much for watching my
vlogs let me know if you've been loving
them and yeah I love you guys
