good morning everyone
good morning guys what is up and welcome
back to my vlog love wiki I put you guys
on the new bookshelf if you remember me
saying that I got a new bookshelf I kind
of like it as a new blog set up like
it's like the perfect height cute
background I'm gonna be here every
morning now maybe not every morning but
like every single morning happy Friday
today feels like Friday to me does it
you guys like today feels like Freddy to
me it just feels like Friday today
today's kind of it gonna be a chill day
like a good productive chill day though
you know we're not filming or anything
but or do I kind of am I have to go back
to Mia's cuz we're gonna get a thumbnail
for Sunday's video yeah yes
morning coffee's picking in has one sip
and says coffee cup he's kicking it also
you guys I came home to some packages do
you see it like this do you see the size
of this thing
this thing is huge way Tarte opened me
by 1014 well then should we open you
right now this box is so light I'm
actually really curious isn't it usually
when they say open by a certain date
there's probably like food or like
something in it some really curious I
saw shape tape and got so excited I
don't even know if one's it they're
having a sale like us oh my god oh my
god wait what what is in here oh there's
a pinata Oh oh my god it's a little
cupcake oh my god wait this is so cute I
haven't wait I actually want to like hit
it we should set this up
if there's literally like shape tape
concealer there's like party things
mascara more concealer
oh my candy go this is so cute this is
one of the cutest PR packages I think
I've gotten some ones here I'm very
excited for um some some goodies can add
it to the makeup collection okay so
putting on some makeup right now and
then I'm gonna head back to me is like I
mentioned I forget if I mentioned that
in last vlog or this vlog I'm not sure
because we have a thumbnail we need to
get some pictures for a collab then
we're gonna edit oh my god you guys all
loved when I did the makeup thing I like
having the done so long honestly I kind
of miss it that was so fun I used to
that all the time in my vlog um okay so
now I just need to I'm just gonna fill
in these brows super quick super super
super quick lately I've been really
liking my makeup like I feel like I've
been doing it pretty I don't know I've
just really been like it's like or maybe
it's these lashes honestly I really feel
like my makeup neutral like every day
like there's highlight alright I guess
I'm just highlighting a lot more looks
good I'm kind of low-key debating going
through and getting coffee before I go
to me is probably like shouldn't like I
showed it but I really want to because
that sounds good okay there you go
that's um so yeah this has been my
everyday makeup look lately if you guys
want me to do like an everyday makeup
tutorial or something like that just
like really simple and easy on my blog
channel let me know cuz I'm dad could
happen cool so I honestly think I'm just
gonna put some dry shampoo in my hair
because I don't want to wash it
more really needs it Wow
but also really would like you my hair
straight lately I think it's gonna curl
it so much so to have it straight just
like different I'm sure like I don't
know a few weeks I'm gonna like curl it
and like oh my god girl now okay okay
okay so I need to get my laptop I need
to get a backpack that's important
boom okay we got my laptop we got a hard
drive we have my fog camera we have
cords you have memory card I think we
have everything got my phone important
things man okay oh man I could never do
this one-handed
hopefully I don't hit any traffic
because it's kind of like rush hour hey
no it's probably gonna take me a little
bit but that's okay you guys LOI
went to the groomers named Chloe hi babe
you look suck you you're so soft I heard
everyone at the groomers said that you
are the cutest dog ever
you pets I die hi hey I'm gonna go to
memes but I'm gonna come back okay okay
I promise it won't be long
yeah and mama Ashley she's gonna come
home in New York and pull a tonight
babies yeah sake oh there is so much
traffic and like I have I I feel like
I'm so closer to home that I am to me is
I should have loved earlier I knew I was
just trying to get too much done at once
oh my god
so that's a late for yeah yo people need
to stop like we all need to stop
glamourizing LA you know what I mean
because too many people come here it's
too busy the freeways suck
man this sucks huh two hours literally
took me two hours I don't get it oh my
god Oh update time and is currently
11:59 p.m.
it's almost midnight it's been a long
time since I've last vlog I am with an
equalist an editing days 2013 probably
it's you forever but it looks so oily
right now I probably do - don't anyways
we've been getting some editing done
we've been here for like four hours
that's good yeah obviously cuz it was
seven when we're walking ten bit getting
a little tired
hey update you guys it's like I'm a cat
person
edited this vlog and it's like oh my god
I haven't blogged it off a bit good that
was probably so ugly
you
