good morning guys and welcome back to
today's vlog so what is today that would
probably help it says in about the
bottom corner but let's I always mess up
I think it's this corner cuz it flips it
every time I guess I'm wrong so maybe it
is this one who knows I'm rambling so
Jays October it's twelve um yesterday I
honestly I think that was one of the
first days I wasn't able to get a vlog
up in a while I don't know you guys
follow me on like snapchat Twitter
Instagram or or yeah all those uh know
if you guys noticed but I've actually
been going to a lot of events lately
which is really fun it's fun to like get
dressed up and stuff but like it's
always so crazy and hectic that I just
like don't blog forget to vlog or like
forget my vlog camera like honestly it's
been happening a lot lately so yeah so
loans don't pay me today I already did
my hair makeup I feel like I probably
could like powder my face like a lil bad
just a little bit when you can't tell if
your highlight is the highlight or if
it's you being oily yo fail that word
can you guys see me yeah oh yeah wait
for it
alright so I'm actually about to head
over to Mia's we are filming today I'm
very excited go make a collab so get
excited hashtag me Alicia so that is
going on right now I'm after should be
home soon she's supposed to bring me
home lunch so are they open yeah so you
guys gonna see a little behind the
scenes for that which is very exciting I
believe that video is going up with this
Sunday both actually might be going up
the day you see this I'm not sure no
tasters day this will probably up
tomorrow I'm not sure no I'm not messing
you okay I've been like one of those
lazy Mizraim like should I just wear my
hoodie all day because I kind of want to
but it's I think it's hot outside so I
don't know or or maybe I should have
like um maybe I should just bring a top
oh this is cute should I wear this let's
do it
wha-bam that was me being lame trying to
be cool guys I know I'm so I suck but
anyways shirt is on hi look at her pop
thanks was a salad I
we welcome the man who suddenly angry
you know I'm gonna hang great rubbish
shopping and I don't do well did you
find stuff mm-hmm ash was just shopping
cuz she's filming a haul video say right
yawns and she picked up a salad bar me
thank you
yo tender greens is like how freakin
good no this is like so much oh we got
the same thing yes Oh question of the
day very fret yeah are you ready for me
so what did you have for lunch I mean
the questions right well it could be for
you all the way I can easily see what
you're having for lunch
comment below let me know and maybe
someone else have the same thing and you
guys can be best friends I'd be like yo
you had a PB&J sandwich I had a PBJ
sandwich
ba-bump okay so I'm getting everything
that I need to take to Mia's for the
video other than this I think I think we
are good to go
guess where I am
any guesses over oh there's the guesses
I thought the same when we open our
mouths I reel oh can we please you might
cut this I'm not today yeah you like we
should do that I look cute we can do Zen
that say hi buddy
are we super hand oh hi are we hands oh
hey how's our day going can Juarez is it
good I hope it's good okay noise oh my
god so we just sold half of it we just
filmed part of Mia's video and now we're
about to some part of my video I'm like
so nervous right now
oh man look what I got not some
Starbucks taste order is an iced oh
today's order is a today's a grande I
saw it a lot day yo this reduce me so
funny I really like I don't want to
spoil it but I feel like it's I think I
might do like audio like I might take
the audio from the thing but does like
black out the screen so you guys can
hear us laughing at some of them because
yours oh we should do that like oh my
god ma love you guys update time it is
currently 10:05 p.m. I am really sitting
here in my office I was editing this
vlog actually playing with some camera
settings right now so I don't know if
you guys like this logged you know like
it is it shaky it's not icky let me know
who I think I have another to put
up before this bog I have to look I kind
of like I've actually I think I might
Ching
obviously I'm back home from me as we
filmed the collab it is honestly gonna
be so funny like I'm so excited so I
think we're gonna edit it tomorrow
together that will be up this Sunday so
I'm so yeah I'm just gonna be sitting
here and I'm gonna edit for a bit and
eyes hey guys update time it's been a
bit since the last clip that you saw I
think I was out of it yeah yeah I was
definitely editing downstairs so I just
wanted to quickly in this vlog thank you
so much for watching I hope that you
enjoyed it Chloe is literally like so
hot right now she's playing oh my god
she's so cute like Clos come say hi come
here come here come here Chloe look okay
good no say good night I'll see you guys
tomorrow anyways I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow
also don't mind my hair I know it's
crazy
