good morning guys
I feel so freakin productive right now
okay good I was like is this recording
second it wasn't good morning guys what
is that okay I'm literally late I feel
so freakin productive as I just said
hold on let me light be annoying and fix
my hair and do all that fun stuff so
that way I won't do it while I'm talking
to you guys and then it won't be
annoying because I hate when people do
that too I get it anyways this is the
struggles of YouTube this is what
happens when you have a viewfinder where
you can see yourself you guys would be
so proud I just posted a vlog oh heck
yes I did Ashley and I actually having
our very first fight on camera it's
extremely a little like yeah like
actually we honestly like never fight
and any misunderstanding we have is
usually us doing what we just did in
that vlog like literally guess what else
I did I uploaded an Instagram heck yes I
did it looks like this um you should if
you're not following me on instagram
first of all like what are you doing
yeah okay just kidding I don't know this
is my Instagram it's just at Alicia it
looks kind of confusing because it says
Alicia marine here but it's Alicia here
but I'm sure if you type in either one I
should come up but yes here's my
Instagram ah so I just posted this one
thing gets salty oats I'm just trying to
get two comments yeah hi guys I don't
know if you see yourself hi I see you ah
yes hi guys
so yes videos up Instagram is up funny
how those little things make me feel
very very productive it is a little bit
later today this morning I actually had
a fitting and then i weirdly had a
really bad migraine I'm not mad no just
kidding
I had a really bad headache but it was
borderline migraine I honestly don't
know what happened I kind of was just
like laying up here for a bit getting my
vlog up and like random stuff it's a lot
better now I think I'm gonna go get some
food and then tonight's actually
something really exciting I know I'm not
gonna be able to really vlog but I'm
going to a screening of a movie so I'm
really excited for that so so in a
little bit I'm gonna head over to get my
hair blown out although weirdly like I
feel like I'm having like a good hair
day
surprisingly cuz I haven't washed it in
a really long time that's TMI
probably
but very good what are you doing I was
like are you dressed I'll be fun if
you're like literally be completely
naked no I have laundry I can see if I'm
not filming because clearly I'm not
filming today clearly oh I get it so
that's what I can help you tomorrow
because I think tomorrow I'm gonna film
or at night so yeah I'm gonna go get
some food yeah okay bye bye
we have a package from Tarte lately this
has been my like unboxing set up I feel
like and I'm kind of liking it okay I
think we're in frame so if not scissors
but I have a box cutter
let's do it clearly this is from a tart
oh okay wait so was that tart already
oh yeah yeah so last unboxing a tart
started sending their holiday collection
and now they have one of their holiday
collection I miss probably cuz it's
holidays I just love like holiday
collections with makeup brands they're
so fun oh my god no this is like the
entire freakin collection
wait when everyone's talking about
pumpkin spice lattes but all you can
think about is tarts holiday question oh
my gosh we have their lip paint these
are like the mini versions just so cute
blush oh you know I think Oh brushes I
needed you brushes I don't know if you
can see this but it's like a whole eyes
shadow palette mascara lip gloss black
dude okay here you go so here are the
pictures that are everything there's a
lip gloss there's brushes blushes
brushes and then lip paint o-tar thank
you Ashley since the holiday collection
oh my god I feel like every vlogger
gonna have it unboxing are a haul I hope
you guys aren't tired
guess who just got a blowout and I
honestly like this is one of my favorite
blowouts I think I've ever gone like
sometimes you don't do not as good as
YouTube so it kind of stuck the girl did
such a good freaking job on my hair and
I love it having you like barrel thing
like um curling iron and students look
so good anyways like I said I'm going to
a screening later tonight and I have
like 45 minutes do my makeup and finish
getting ready
so someone time me so I have my laptop
here have all of my makeup right here
let's see let's see let's see
honestly just gonna do something really
quick like it's not like a red carpet
thing it is just a screening so I don't
have to be like full full glam but I
should look like full glam still do you
know what I mean probably not okay
also you guys I totally cheated on
Starbucks today I went to a lap in Lipan
I'm not really sure the proper way to
say it I'm not sure if they're all
around the country or not or if they're
even robbed no idea it's pretty dang
good I really like it got some YouTube
videos got my coffee left with makeup is
done enough you can see this also my
eyelash extensions I feel like are
totally just like messed up and not cute
I don't know so I ended up not putting
on lashes today which I'm just gonna
honestly just like too lazy like sorry
another thing is my lashes keep getting
stuck together and I just happened
anyways I still have to do lips I think
I'm gonna get dressed first though so I
can see what looks good I was gonna put
my hair like in a ponytail because I
feel like it kind of fit the dress more
that I'm wearing but honestly I told you
guys it was all my favorite blowout so I
don't really want a booty back so we
have a dress Brooks Brothers actually
wanted to style me for it which is
awesome cuz them and Vogue are putting
the whole thing together so I thought
that was really awesome
um I feel like how really thick thank
you I'm not that special you guys it's
aunt um oh just kidding it's down here
who do dodo so you kind of can't see it
well you guys will see it later but
anyways I figured out what shoes think I
might wear thee
hey guys what is up I'm so sorry I just
probably not in this funk I'm a horrible
father oh hey me movie was really good
it was a documentary on Zac Posen it was
really good also afterwards I might have
many said he liked my dress which was
like thank you I really wanted to get
this vlog up today I know it's kind of
late I apologize but I will see you guys
really soon with a new one and yes okay
