good morning everyone
I am actually pretty proud of myself
well you should be pretty proud of me it
started my hair's like crazy today has
been a pretty dang lazy Sunday but I'm
all for it like fully all for it but at
the same time a very productive Sunday
cuz I got up my main channel video done
better than yes new video is up it is
testing pumpkin spice things there's
pasta there's salsa there's actually
crazy stuff kind of like a weird food a
combination video but it's not so I
didn't title it that but it's a very
similar vibe so if you like those videos
and definitely go watch this one and I
also got a vlogger denta this is like an
epic behind the scenes of filming the
main channel video and you guys have
another new intro and I honestly think
this may be one of my favorite I like
out of all the new ones this might be my
favorite one it's so cute I love I don't
know I just like love it so go watch
that blog too but the productivity does
not stop their productivity production
variant I've been sitting here editing
and I already edited tomorrow's vlog
that's going up I'm just like I'm on a
good one today so I wasn't really
planning on vlogging today because I
just I felt like I don't know it but
like now that I've been editing all
these two vlogs I'm just like I'm
excited to vlog so did you guys see
these barstools we got bar stools
finally we moved in January and we just
now got bar stools but I feel like it
adds so much hold on let me get them all
let me get them all straight oh my god
it literally adds so freakin much I feel
like it looks more homey like I don't
know like the second we added those it
just looks so much more homey I love it
also update them on this corner over
here this is gonna have a huge makeover
soon and I'm so freakin excited for that
to happen
we've talked about having like a coffee
corner over here for a really long time
it's actually happening and I'm very
excited for it so home decor vlogs here
we come khlo money
Wow I am going to go just put on a
little bit of makeup I honestly have
time to put some makeup oh I decided I
really want to get like a built-in
tripod in my wall and I know that sounds
so extra but with the amount that I've
vlog I feel like it would be so
beneficial like it honestly would even
be like pretty smart to get like a
freaking like ring light just like
bolted into my wall I feel like because
if I always have the same setup like
sitting here talking to you guys
especially like at my makeup vanity
where I'm here every single day like
that would be so nice my arm hurts you
know I just need somewhere to like cut
you guys lately I've actually been using
like a legit tripod but it's just too
much work to like put the thing on my
camera you know no maybe my hair is like
very interesting I don't know I want to
try that finchy foundation oh my god I'm
so good I just remembered it's probably
because I added the vlog where I was
talking about it honestly I have no idea
what she honestly feel like I should
just do the lightest one I'm not kidding
though this freaking foundation I'm
obsessed with so I'm really hoping I
like the Finn t1 just as much I cannot
tell you how many compliments I've
gotten on my makeup this past week of
using this I freaking love it go buy it
okay now we're gonna drive the Finn t1
so I just put on at the foundation I put
on concealer and powder and it looks
hurt good I'm really hoping it like last
I feel like it looks really really good
I was just faced having Mia so I didn't
really vlog me putting on everything but
I'm really excited to see how it lasts I
did fill in my brows I'm just gonna like
quickly put on some blush I think put on
some blush and and this tomb makeup is
done um so I feel like I should change
because I'm pretty sure I wore this
shirt yesterday
please don't judge me oh my god oh right
there much better
literally it's so freakin come right now
lazy Sunday ooh I'm liking the
foundation guys I feel like it's finally
um I feel like it's finally kind of like
set into my skin you know how you like
it
you have to like wait a little bit after
you apply your foundation I like it so
far I like it I feel like we should go
get a snack or some lunch or something
Chloe one go downstairs come on let's go
denne denne denne Danna also I kind of
just realized that I never really showed
you a furniture that I got and
yesterday's vlog the bugs before don't
hate me I haven't uploaded that vlog yet
but I'm sure all of the comments right
now are saying how I never showed you
guys the final look of everything
well like I did I showed you the chair
are you ready you already saw this but
here's the chair dun dun dun duh oh my
god you guys I feel like this is what
was missing because the blue like makes
this pink look so much better
I've always liked it but I feel like
seeing the pink next to this blue like
it just makes me happy this is actually
mine it goes in my bedroom but I brought
it down because I want to get a
different color one I was kind of
wanting to see if a poof would look good
next to the chair I really like it oh I
like some Instagram photo this is gonna
be so cute and then we got a new
bookshelf I saw this and I loved it I
also felt like the gold accents in here
is really gonna like tie everything
together and like look super well
obviously this is nowhere near decorated
it will be hopefully soon I don't know
if you guys can tell but the whole book
shut like it's like gold and then it's
like clear acrylic like it's so freakin
cool so I feel like it looks really good
against the pink paint also I don't know
I just I love it so it's still pretty
like empty over here especially that
it's clear it just kind of needs some
stuff but so then we actually did have a
coffee table coming so we got the chair
we got the bookshelf and then we
actually also ordered a new coffee table
and I know we just got the one that we
have right now and I honestly should
have returned it like the day that they
put it in I felt like it was too small
oh that was my mistake
definitely should have returned it and
got my money back I mean luckily I feel
like we can put it in the office it
ordered new coffee table that's
beautiful it's really gonna tie in it
has like gold accents it came and it was
broken
like the whole tabletop was like
completely broken so now we have to wait
another two weeks to get the new one so
that sucks but like it's not too bad but
it kind of sucks have you guys noticed I
always go through phases where I'm all
about decorating and then I'm not when
we first moved obviously because we
first moved every vlog was decor or
decorating and then I kind of stopped
for like four months
and now I'm like back into it I just I'm
weird I know I don't know what happened
you guys update I'm it's been a bitch I
wanted to show you guys what I just got
because I'm very excited about it like
you don't even know so this is from HRH
collection it's owned by the Sterling
Alex and I have literally watched her
box for such a freaking long time love
Angie the store with the cutest jewelry
ever I don't know if you guys remember
this but I used to always wear this one
silver choker all the time like all the
freaking time good morning and welcome
to you at beautycon today I wore it so
much that it pretty much broke so she DM
me and said that she wanted to send me
some stuff and I thought that was so
sweet as I legit like loved her channel
I've bought jewelry from her before
right now she's selling these jackets
it's this like super trendy gold kind of
bomber jacket and I feel like this would
be really cute with just like like after
a workout or you're just kind of like
bumming it but if you put this on with
black leggings like you'll look super
super trendy but without even trying you
know to me and then she sent me so many
necklaces as you guys probably know or
can tell I always wear silver like a
dainty jewelry and this I'm so excited
to have more jewelry
so the first choker it looks like this
it's just like a whole bunch of the like
small like silver rings the next one is
this longer one and it's so cute when
you layer all these together
and there's another like super dainty
long one like can we just take like a
like a second this was just like a white
t-shirt this one is just a really really
thin choker this
is a long this one would be so cute with
like a very low-cut shirt I feel like
like I kind of picture like a blazer
with this and then the next one is this
choker I'm not sure what all these are
called him so sorry but I'm gonna link
her and her store in the description box
and her YouTube channel and then this
one looks like this it's basically the
same it's the same chain it's the same
chain as this long one but it's in a
choker form so like that would be super
cute too I am so excited Alex thank you
like oh thank you so much literally made
my day update time so it is a lot later
obviously I don't even know what time it
is I think it's like something clearly I
just got ready for bed I'm about to go
to bed maybe watch some TV for a little
bit but I figured I should end this vlog
hope you guys liked it I'm pretty proud
because I wasn't like planning on
volleying but I did and I feel like it
was a good vlog so I hope they guys
liked it I love you guys don't forget it
and
