good morning Chloe may glower glow are
you so cute you look like Edna she
probably hates me right now
she didn't even move yo claw you didn't
even move you look like a little fluff
ball in the middle of all my clothes
good morning guys what is that welcome
back welcome welcome welcome back to the
vlog what I say taste Thursday she's
kind of been a busy day but a very
productive busy day I woke up early I
worked out and then I got my lashes done
I'll know if you can see like I'm
literally wearing no makeup right now
like oh love surprisingly my hair
actually still looks really good from
last night so I'm trying to keep it
there because yeah honey you guys foggy
you guys a little foggy
well-well-well foggy I'm sorry also most
importantly I do have my coffee
yes everyone's probably wondering no no
one's probably wondering wow I think on
my last done came back home and
currently trying to put some outfits
together as you can see because I have a
photo shoot later which I'm really
excited for you guys can see a behind
the scene maybe that's gonna help me
pick out some outfits so we have some
shorts these are cute I have yet to wear
this even though I bought it honestly a
really long time ago
she bought this in July whoa what I'm
really loving these pants I feel like
this is gonna be one of my favorite
looks with like a white crop top with
some yes filling that I also really I'm
filling this to me two bottoms for this
maybe some like jeans that could be oh
oh I think that needs a white skirt we
got options also you guys may notice
something a little different right now
any any ideas of what's uh what's
different we're moving I'm totally I
feel like it looks like we're moving
though because all the furnitures gone
I'm so excited we have a new furniture
coming today I ordered it like a month
ago I might have tweeted something about
being like oh my god it's time for
dinner I'm so excited and I'm just
really excited they should be here
honestly any minute I'm gonna come to
you I've sex away I'll show you guys
wanna see you omid Wow I just wanted to
show you a before and then I'll show you
an after after they come but look over
here's the living room
the chair this whole corner is gone
coffee tables gone and this mirror that
normally is there is gone so I'm really
really excited
oh my god the chairs oh my god I stood
in it it swivels oh my god this is gonna
be so nice to like morning coffee so we
are currently yet shooting behind the
scenes of photo photographed nope but
photo shoot really excited we're at the
pink motel it's like the cutest this is
it literally the cutest little motel
ever I'm really excited
outfit well I just I'm changing into
these pants which I pulled an outfit of
the day right dude it do talk to him
I honestly don't know where then pants
are from misguided
update time we are getting some food
first thing I do I come home was like
put on a hoodie get some food I'm
actually really excited I mean it's a
walk good morning guys it is coffee time
I think I'm gonna go with this cup today
that's cute
if you're curious this is the creamer
that I've been using it's like pretty
much gone is really good put some makeup
on I honestly my hair still just like in
this ponytail which is it's cool it's
just surprising so looks good also for
the most part got dreads so I just found
out that we are going to a Coldplay
concert tonight which I'm just so
excited for so that's a lot later you
got some editing done I feel like this
morning's has honestly been pretty
productive I did get a vlog up whoa
heck yes I did and this is the first
vlog of new intros boo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo so go watch that if
you have not yet go watch that if you
haven't yet it's turn on that because
it's the real like you have some random
boxes that I wanted to unbox for you
guys I think I'd like for things so who
wants unboxing right now oh is that good
I hope so we have a lot of packages
really interested to see what this is
there's a new palette oh my god I love
so that's what it looks like it's very
pretty it's half of them are like
shimmer and half of them are matte which
I really like matte eyeshadows so I feel
like I'm really gonna like this this
next one is called face Tori pretty sure
I'll be shimmering hello beautiful we
love your DIY how many across this video
these might be very cute wait this
packaging is so cute I'm pretty sure
these are all face masks yeah oh my god
okay so there are these are so many face
masks I'm pretty sure this is a monthly
subscription thing you can buy one two
three six seven face masks really expect
other girls thank you up we have another
Tarte box
I'm really hoping I'm recording because
last time I was here was not recording
over
good news we're recording more holiday
already half no no no no damn tarts
delight if you guys watch my vlogs or if
you've been watching the recent ones
tart husband spending their whole
holiday collection and every single time
I think it's the last package for the
collection it's so huge here's
everything that's in this box oh my god
there's so much radio kind of debating
doing like a giveaway I don't know the
Christmas holidays or like vlogmas I
feel like that'd be good I feel like I
just have so much makeup I don't really
know what to do with it Wow oh my god
thank you tart this is amazing the last
box I have been thoroughly excited for
it because I'm kind of late with this in
the YouTube world but I did order some
of Rihanna's venti beauty stuff I
totally bought this with my own money I
started to open it and then I realized
what package it was so I stopped so
quick because I really wanted to open
like everything and swatch it on camera
oh my god I'm so excited I got a few
things I honestly I'm just really
excited to try this light and give you
guys my honest I thought it all for the
first thing that I got is this
highlighter everyone was getting the
yellow one I feel like for my skin tone
though I would use this one a lot more
so this is lightning dust and fire
crystal so that is what that looks like
these look beautiful their school oh my
god wait I already put highlight on
today otherwise I'd totally I mean I
still could you know what we're doing it
know it like we are doing this I'm gonna
go in with the relation or anyone can
you see them dang oh my god the other
night the other night um we went out to
dinner and this girl stops me like
mid-conversation and it's like excuse me
where did you get your highlights like
oh my god that is such like a 20-17
thing to say to someone it was so funny
I was like oh my god girl I got you this
is so pretty I'm really glad I got this
color also I love it the packaging I
wasn't sure what color I'd be in the
foundation and I know the foundation is
like this whole line is pretty much like
mostly talked about the foundation that
there's like 40 shades so I wasn't sure
like I love the package wasn't sure what
shade I would be so I gots I got number
190 and I got number 140 was our them
it's super soft I mean this is not just
my arm but you're not really supposed to
match it that way okay so tomorrow I am
100% gonna try this foundation so look
out for tomorrow's vlog yo I think like
I don't know if you can see this it's
covered so much I got two foundations
and then oh no I got three foundations
it's set on foundation and then I did
get one of the gloss bombs this is
infinity glow and that looks like this
just perfect because I haven't put any
lip stuff on today I need a mirror oh my
god it's so pretty
smells really good smells like quick
apricot so here's everything laid out
that I bought so yeah I definitely watch
my next box if you want to see me test
these out this is what the highlighter
looks like applo's honestly both colors
are super pretty and then the
foundations I'm honestly not sure what
color I'm gonna be so I'm gonna have to
try to test those out too and really
really love the lip gloss like I would
definitely get other colors because it's
so it's super like sheer and it's not
sticky at all but I really like the
color so so yeah so I feel like lately I
have been just doing a lot and knock on
wood I haven't gotten sick yet so I feel
like I should take some like emergency
or something um yeah hey guys so update
time it is quite a bit later now we went
to the concert it was so much fun
honestly they killed it and it a really
good job I always used to vlog concerts
like a ton now like honestly there's so
many copyright rules of YouTube I can
show you what I can try to show you but
honestly just follow me on snapchat or
Instagram because I usually post a lot
more there like in the moment sorry that
this vlog kind of like I forgot to end
as well I don't even know the last thing
I bought before this yeah I think you
guys so much for watching I will see you
tomorrow with a new blog in yes Hey
