good morning worm I have been waiting
for this for a hot minute
oh hello guys what is that you can see I
am uh just doing some editing got
yesterday's vlog completely owning it
and I'm just about to upload it my
computer is being a really really slow
which sucks
mm urban like be long let's bring her
back
hi buddy you guys don't know this is
Toby
he is achoo mean he's a dachshund
Chihuahua he's like one of our family
dogs and we decided to kidnap him for
two days because we were missing him so
the dog sitting I know a lot of people
were asking if we got a new dog we did
not get a new dog but I will say I love
having two dogs here right now I came
home and I had both my arms open and
there's one in each hand I was just like
I love this I love him stop it
yes you do this is not a time for two
dogs Wow we're not traveling is much
where are we going this weekend I rest
my case you don't want another dog I
wouldn't love another dog but now it's
not the time in the discussion not now
but if we were to get a dog would you
want a little dog or a big dog I have
always wanted a big dog and then last
night we were at sushi and this like
huge what was it like an Irish setter he
was golden he looked like a golden
retriever with really red hair so maybe
it was a mix and he was so cute his name
was Reilly and he waltz right up to us
he literally came right up to us and he
had a toy we like so in the middle of
our like so cute you lit up real quick
when you said Victor also on a side note
I would totally
I love dachshunds have such a special
place in my heart because Toby
so maybe call look at a brother soon
he's so cute he's like the best snuggler
ever he snugs real hard also update on
the dine there it is officially gone
they came and picked up everything but
we still have the floor and like all the
stuff that's mine I think I might shoot
some stuff in here today cuz like why
not you know who doesn't want a pink
checkered floor it's kind of nice our
house back though because it was such a
mess because everything in the office
had to go out here and yeah I'm actually
really excited to put the UM the office
back together also I'm just gonna state
the obvious you guys can probably hear
it I may or may not have a slight Lisp
can hear that I don't know if you
noticed hopefully you didn't but you
probably did actually got some retainers
so my teeth were moving a little bit
so when tooth or third honest and so
yeah I have some retainers in and I have
to wear them all day hopefully I get
like I can like learn to talk with them
but I just got them today so yeah
hopefully I can get used to them are you
something right now I'm gonna go put on
some makeup while my blog exports then I
can upload it let's put some makeup on
okay I'm not really not trying to do a
lot of makeup
wait why Martin's put some primer the
last few times I've blogged me do my
makeup have been time lapses I'm kind of
excited because I can you guys do me a
huge favor and comment below and just
kind of let me know if you like my VIP
blogs which I'm assuming you do because
you're watching this what do you like
about them is there anything you miss
from my old vlog do you want me to show
more of like outfits of days do you want
me like I don't know I just kind of
wanting some feedback I feel like I'm
really excited and pumped for my vlog
game and I really just want to make sure
you guys are seeing what you want to see
I know most of you won't care but I know
there's a select few of you who like
probably have some like constructive
criticism no hating just I have
constructive criticism like for instance
do you even like seeing me do my makeup
because if you don't I'm not gonna show
you me doing my makeup I just assume you
guys like seeing that I just usually
make my vlogs how I like watching blogs
and if you could let me know that'd be
great alright I'm probably just gonna
fill in my brows
yeah
Lix I always forget lips and you guys
louisia yell at me I have make Misun oh
man I hit the screen no I mean dirty no
I think that's better today I'm actually
a pretty casual outfit of the day it's
not even anything outfit of the day
shirt is from Urban Outfitters it's just
for oh no um no just kidding this is
from PacSun it is adidas super Kyo super
cash and then I'm throwing some
Victoria's Secret's leggings so yeah
that's um
that is my comfy outfit for the day yeah
also room is getting better we just got
a little more cleaning to do I can take
this and move that that helps a little
bit right and then we can we throw that
throw that I honestly should just make
my bed boom and then we can put this in
here this is supposed to be our like
linens closet basic closet you guys
probably haven't seen so so I have a ton
of editing but I'm so excited right now
because I have a new hard drive this one
is done it is completely full so we have
a new one and no one else probably cares
except for me but I got a new one we got
some packages shall we open them I think
we should not only Alicia brought
scissors always forget scissor and then
I think it becomes more like competition
with my software I just I won't go get
scissors I have to open it without but
not ok the first package is from its
parts as always they're always hooking
it up oh holiday yo holiday holiday
makeover fully ready for vlogmas oh my
god okay oh wait it's literally there
this is like their holiday thing oh my
god okay it's this after you're gonna
like this
they're like crayon things we got those
we got one of those oh my god wait this
is so cute this is my favorite mascara
right now it's the light camera lashes
line packaging is like fully purple
glitter for holiday and I think that's
so cute oh my god
thank you diet the next package I've
I know what this is because Ashley got
it okay this is a package from glam well
if you don't know they have the best map
they're sold at Sephora it's kind of
expensive but it is so good Bob so we
have a face mask cleanser and the
hydrating jelly bomb cleanser dr.
Crippin suggest we have a face wash so
I'm gonna try these we got a super quick
unboxing for you guys also I've had this
for such a long time but I think I want
to officially change my phone case I've
definitely had this ice cream on it just
so cute but I've had it for a few months
now and I feel like it's time to change
it you guys know I love anything and
everything cactus Palm Springs Desert
super cute okay speaking of phones is
anyone else so extremely excited for the
iPhone X I cannot wait like I literally
can't wait it's fine ice cream tastes
you've been great isn't it funny when
you see your phone you're like that's
what it looks like without a case so
fully excited that iPhone act literally
gonna preorder it so excited kit update
time maybe have some mess like always
no it was like just going crazy over
here anyways we're currently filming for
Ashley I'm being directors either reduce
really then maybe Politis yeah Oh turbo
four-litre everything made except our
talent is here our beautiful talent my
I'll just start together oh my god okay
what do you want show me what you got
tell me what you're working with oh is
this key yeah wait can I show an another
piece behind you that's cute wait fall
are you gonna leave it here
do you like it you look really Follies
Ryan I'm going really ollie okay we're
gonna film
here's behind-the-scenes
Alisha's being a doll filming for me and
stuff I tried I played a turtle we were
just filming for Ashley and now we're
filming for me let me know if you guys
can guess what this week's video is
gonna be going up Sunday that's
shameless self promo
so the diner is gone like I said but we
have this really really cute pink
checkered floor and I was like Alicia
why don't you utilize that why don't you
film on that make some pictures on that
so we're filming we actually have this
really cute set up at the rather MVP on
to the living room just scenery change
you know just figured we'd change it up
checking the settings on this maybe
actually it's cool
someone's calling me home where's my
phone oh who are you oh my god you guys
want the sun's my face update time it's
currently sick 558 p.m. Suns still in my
face whatever so got a ton of filming
done and I really was not feeling like
it so I'm really proud of myself because
I didn't feel like it but I still did it
really excited about that it's the
little things in life to get you really
excited but we've gotten a ton done I
did some editing for something that you
guys will see really soon
it's been a good day what's up you guys
there's a lot later a schneir having an
editing party yeah we are we are getting
through I look like a full-on fetus I
really wanted to end this vlog before I
you know put it up and get it ready to
go for tomorrow thank you so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow with
another vlog and everybody
