good morning guys what coffee shop
coffee shop Wow
what coffee cup should we have today I
like always use this one it's a good gun
sir good morning guys happy Tuesday we
most definitely need some creamer
literally coffee in the morning is the
most beautiful sound in the world
good morning oh you go cheers Cheers
I'm gonna go do my makeup I will see you
in a bit baby
doo doo doo doo my room is a mess well
it's not that bad I mean it's mostly
really it's like it's really just the
makeup okay you know I love how he just
my rooms not messy and I look behind me
and there's like hold on someone's beat
them and we are doing my makeup so I was
just watching some YouTube videos okay
I'm doing my makeup guys I probably even
show this to you I don't think so cuz
I've been gone for like weeks are you
don't hate me I've been obsessed with
this foundation it's the two-faced peach
perfect comfort mat foundation I have
oily skin they sent me like every single
I don't know if you guys saw my
Instagram story like a week ago or two
weeks ago they sent me every single
shade of this and normally when
companies and foundation I like it's
hard for me to try it out because like
what if it breaks you out habla I tried
it freaking loved it my skin looks like
there's a filter like there's an actual
like smoothing filter on it and even
throughout the day like I still get oily
but it still has that filter look I just
love it I don't know if it's even still
out I don't know I know they sent this
to everyone a while ago if you have oily
skin you need to try this because I am
obsessed with it
Oh anyways huh question of the day what
time did you wake up today also I really
need to fix my lashes please don't judge
me they're like they're real I need to
get them right on there we need blush I
want to try a new blush today I feel
like I've been sent a lot of new blushes
lately and I've used this Tarte one for
a really long time and welcome to the
drawer of cheeks and blush oh my god
where do I even start okay I'm gonna put
this back dang this is the problem like
there's too many things to try these are
all like highlighting sticks to have
highlighters we have this thing
yeah Shh I'm gonna try this oh ho okay
throwback to this unboxing if you guys
remember me doing this unboxing I live
in here eight full size blushes not like
I need any more makeup to add to my
collection
yeah we are officially gonna try these
out let's see okay whoo that one's
really pretty anything what should we
try oh the red one's really pretty
hmm maybe I'm gonna try a few okay let's
just test this out I'm gonna put this
right here we're gonna try turn it up
first I'm gonna go in with Kendra
contour a bit even though I already did
ron's it up a little and now I don't
know just be okay I think I'm gonna do
I'm gonna do mindful that's the one that
I mentioned it's just like peachy pink
really pretty color what does the party
and I love blush I feel like it adds so
much oh my god that's so pretty I think
it's also hard cuz I'm wearing like a
red jacket so now it looks even more
like balm blend that out it's getting
really hot in here I should take out my
diamond oh oh my god so much better I
was dying of course I'm drinking like
hot coffees that really doesn't help yes
yes we need a high light up in here
let's use I'm gonna use the spirited no
highlight see that looks so good it's
like a lot more natural I feel like
gotta do the nose it's so funny how
about the Trin now and it's like so
normal like everyone highlights the tip
of their nose well not everyone but a
lot of people hi khlo what are we doing
what are we doing are we filming think
we oh oh my god she's so cute for your
insta oh my god I can't with you
you guys can't okay you guys and I'm
here be nothing feeling something really
no and I'm not gonna like say what it
actually I might as well say ooh this
we're filming ha ha
oh my god I'm so except I'm so excited I
honestly I feel like all last year I
kept saying when our halls gonna come
back why our halls not a thing anymore
and honestly it was like Elisha if you
want to watch halls you should upload
halls so I uploaded a Black Friday Hall
last year hi
I uploaded a summer Hall this year I
need a more bathing suit back to school
haul this year today we have a
back-to-school
clothing haul and we're filming at fault
Hall right now if you like hauls do me a
huge favor and like this video as well
as the fall haul video and like share it
with your friends and like I just love
hauls I love watching hauls about one of
my favorite videos ever real quick
before we get started I'm going to add
some I'm gonna face off what am I saying
before we start I'm gonna put on to some
lip put on some lists I always say that
and you guys like laugh at me and put on
some lipstick let's let's see dang there
was something that I was loving but I
don't know hold it so I don't I'm gonna
set you up right okay what color should
we do pink lemonade
oh it should it be like a fall color
because I'm filming a Faja low-key
totally put on a walk sweet shirt like
Oh coatsy you know really lame and I'm
actually kind of embarrassed that I said
that out loud
don't judge me you look great salt like
wait I love this lipstick oh I'm gonna
put this on okay move it oh yes oh my
god this is honestly one of my favorite
lipsticks salt life by I'm hurt are we
ready ash I sense some sass in that all
about that come fly video if you worry
about that comes life and you just like
being comfy over everything the same
yeah I felt like this would be really
cute I normally don't go spruce up like
this I thought this would be really cute
off the shoulder little bralette with
your coffee
everything's with your coffee so that is
super cute
update time it is currently 421 p.m.
filming was good although low-key I
couldn't talk like I honest it took me
so long to film that and I was not
expecting that I just had so much
trouble getting words out of my mouth
yeah
the struggle anyways um I have a few
random errands to do you can just do
some editing tonight here's an outfit I
ended up keeping the sweater it's
probably really hot outside but I was
looking in whatever and then I'm wearing
this skirt from made well and then
Adidas shoes that is my outfit so
literally you don't even know the last
thing I was long oh I think I was
willing the car no I think I was going
to say we were like doing errands yeah I
had a fitting we got some dinner we are
home with Clos not anymore
why does she hate me sometimes and you
anyways my battery's gonna die I'm like
waiting for it to die ninny I'm stuck um
yeah guys I'm so sorry this vlog is all
over the place
I honestly was like you know what took
so we're still hopes is here tall beam I
really need at this book oh sorry it's
kind of all over the my god I'm doing
you're so cute I think what is up you
guys up daytime it's a lot lighter I
think it's like 10 it is currently 10:28
p.m. I'm gonna go to bed I just wanted
to quickly end this vlog again I just
want to apologize for being off my
ballgame but more about coming I promise
love you guys bye
