what is up I know I've been gone for so
long don't hit me don't aim it just put
some makeup on I did it pretty like
whatever today like I don't know I just
wasn't really feeling like it and rut -
ready today I'll set my hair like it
it's a definite hot day today so that's
a thing oh my god I just know I haven't
even blogged I think like a week now and
I'm so sorry like that was not supposed
to happen I feel like my week list has
been kind of crazy let's do it let's
update let's see last week was so crazy
because I don't know if you guys have
seen it yet but we film roommate wars
and honestly it took like three days to
film this thing it was so exhausting
like fun fact one night we literally
stayed up til like 2:30 in the morning
filming it is currently 1:35 a.m. and it
was so hard that was when we were
filming the night scene it was freezing
I'm surprised I haven't gotten sick I
really hope that this video turns out
and that you guys like it because um we
kind of worked really hard on it and
Ashley and I it might have gotten a cold
out of it hopefully not knock on wood
so if you haven't seen that please do me
a huge favor and literally stop this
video right now and continue like go
watch that baby I'm gonna link it in the
description boxes when my favorite
videos I've ever found I will warn you
the end is a little scary I do put like
a warning in it a lot of people want
apart too so if you do let me know so
that was crazy and then I actually flew
to Savannah Georgia so huge shout out to
Scott for flying me out and working with
me on this video honestly it was so fun
I'm gonna have a link in the description
box if you guys are interested in
checking it out we went because the
Savannah College of Art and Design flew
us out wanted to give us a tour of the
campus and just like the city and stuff
and honestly it was like wait this is
fun like ash are you down to go on a
trip it was like yo I'm down so is like
let's do it that city is the cutest city
ever this place is seriously so freaking
cute we'll try you don't see this in LA
literally I felt like I was in a
different country it was so beautiful
there's so much history there okay we're
gonna start ashore sit on this
like gossip crops let me think about so
it on this huge tour of SCAD which is
Savannah College of Art and Design to
the Scottsburg Forex buildings that we
started with 71 students and 11 faculty
and staff members and now we have 13,000
students all together and you have four
locations bike including online to
Vienna at Lina Hong Kong and Lacoste
they have a huge fashion department and
it's like so trendy
you know naming they feel like high
field sneakers oh my god my sandals
everything comes you I always wanted to
have like a sewing machine and so this
would be so fun to go to like school for
this oh my god they also have a huge
film department legit this is where I
get most excited so this is the only
casting office in any university we also
get premiere through our school package
that's nice too
shut up this is a classroom none of my
classrooms ever looks like this the
freaking like resident places don't even
look like like a dorm this is the
biggest dorm room I've ever seen in my
life they actually look like a resort
like there's this pool like it's so cute
I just don't get it
this is not a college low-key if you're
about to graduate high school and you're
looking for a college I would so
recommend this one they said some of the
alumni literally have words with like
Oscar de la Renta like that is breezy a
Calvin Klein Oscar de la Renta home he's
like HBO and Netflix Amazon Ralph Lauren
look this is a place to be yeah Mike's
anchors a lot of these companies will
come to Sky we love anthropology so I
was just I don't know it was such a
random thing that we did but it was
really exciting and it kind of honestly
made me want to like take some classes
and like go back to school like that
sounds really weird like I'm going back
I don't know it was really inspiring if
you're also just looking for a great
weekend and place to go at check out
Savannah Georgia cuz it was so beautiful
and I want to go back also it didn't
tell you guys I literally left a whole
memory card for 64 gigs of footage here
for my roommate wars video so that is
the reason why it went up super late
Sunday night so if you didn't see it
that's why so I literally flew back
early from Georgia to upload the video
man I was like I even tweet
about YouTube makes you do crazy things
I feel like only other youtubers really
understand it like anyone else would be
like what the Frick you're crazy and I'm
here over here at like my video did you
guys see the new intro I've been I've
worked on this for so long I've had them
and I've been meaning to start rolling
them out Oh rolling them out plural what
yeah get ready
well game is gonna be on point guys I am
going to go because I have some shopping
to do
okay grab this grab those welts or any
hotels do I need wait have my Joey shoes
you should help I also need the one knee
let me my phone is it downstairs
I think it's downstairs Park London
update times currently 150 p.m. John
Murray and I hi alright 3rd Street
Promenade we're gonna do some shopping
very excited yeah whether it's like
right now not even kidding today is like
so pretty
first stop is Urban Outfitters and this
is what my favorite ones because it's so
huge oh my god
this jacket is me this is so cute
where is it oh my god oh my god this is
so cute
this music is so loud medium I am so
happy this is like oh my god oh my god
let me know if you guys want a haul I'm
actually I'm not sure if I'm gonna have
enough for a haul but like I'm I yeah I
can either do one on my blog channel or
my main channel this
there's a large I could do a large bland
long I'm I can't I'm obsessed with this
we got the goods we got the good we got
the goods okay urban was to success
where should we go now yeah let's go to
forever I usually don't like this
forever because it's kind of like all
over the place let's do it they're
filming something here and I feel very
in the way I don't like it let me like
over here what's your name
they tits down oh you're just underneath
are you visiting yeah we hung out there
for you months oh my god are you having
fun we are at runs in Melville I'm
actually finding a lot of stuff here and
normally I don't so I'm really excited
about that
it also helps us set there's like no one
here like this sweater the sweater is so
cute but it kind of looks the itchy hmm
so I'm having somebody help me figure
out what I should get I'll need this but
I feel like I'd actually wear it
everyday I mean
just a lot probably fairly
yo guys this is the iPhone 8 oh my god
it's kind of I feel like it's hard to
see it
what we stopped in to Apple just to look
at it I want to see if the cameras like
that different dang I'm gonna record
something
oh man if you come to the Santa Monica
Apple store
I left a video on one of the iPhone AIDS
hey guys I just quickly wanted to end
this vlog I did not realize that I
didn't end it so I'm so sorry again it
would be like um the new intro and I
will see you guys tomorrow most likely
with a new blog and yes oh okay
