good morning guys what is that welcome
to the vlog my last vlog I was in Hawaii
why what am I saying no last vlog I was
in Mexico we back home so it was so much
fun I hope that you guys like the vlog
so we're back it was a good trip I saw
what it was so fun at filling with
Hollister cos there's always such an
amazing brand to work with it's so fun
all of us models get along so well the
crews amazing so it's always really fun
going on trips with them and doing a
really cool stuff the trip was good only
thing that kinda stuck was the Wi-Fi was
unbelievably slow I'm not even kidding
guys it would cut out so much I
literally tried to upload a vlog and it
said did you not
700 hours like I'm sorry what I knew
from the first day I got there obviously
vlogs weren't gonna happen so that's why
all the books have been a little behind
lately but I'm pretty sure we're caught
up now on the vlogs which is awesome so
all morning I've been sitting here at to
my computer speaking of I'm trying to
get up a vlog right now so hopefully
that should be up soon my main channel
buddy this week is probably gonna be
going up tomorrow only because Mexico
kind of put me back a little bit with
work so I have a lot more editing to do
just being realistic I don't think it's
gonna go up today I'd rather take my
time editing and be super proud of it
and know that I love it so that was one
of my goals for 2018 was that I'm only
gonna upload stuff that I'm super proud
of and that I love also gonna get my
nails done today because the nub I don't
like the nubs any girl like put some
makeup on or something vlog is exporting
very exciting Oh bless it's almost done
it's almost halfway done oh yay so yes
just waiting on that it I gotta do this
I'm now then we are golden
to upload good morning my chunk hello
hello are you in your spot go explore be
free okay let's put on some makeup let's
do this I'm gonna watch some YouTube
videos
I'll get my makeup though I'm probably
just gonna do like a little time lapse
for you guys
guys I literally just realized that I
have something in my teeth and I've been
vlogging all morning so there's that but
anyway makeup is done
I did a little bit of a darker eye look
today if he's not myself our haul then
you would know that I got the Urban
Decay perversion 24/7 glide-on eye
pencil
funny enough with all of the makeup that
I have and if you watch my blogs you
know I have a lot of makeup I don't have
just a plain black eyeliner like this so
I really wanted to get one and I kind of
played with it today cuz I used to
always do my makeup like this every
single day I had so much eyeliner on and
then I would say for the past six months
ish I haven't worn any eyeliner so yeah
that's the look I'm really not gonna do
my hair today because I'm probably just
gonna shower tonight I think I'm just
gonna put it in a ponytail or wear a hat
or something but I should probably
change you know it's funny because I'm
wearing sweats today I'm not even
kidding either outside it's like 85
degrees but inside the house is so cold
so I'm wearing slippers and a super
comfy sweats anyways to the closet we go
I think I mentioned to you guys I'm
probably getting my nails done today so
let's see maybe some shorts or skirt who
are my new yellow school I got this from
Urban Outfitters and I've yet to wear it
let's wear this this is cute yes I kind
of just want like a t-shirt this could
work
so like the outfit hate the hair I don't
want to did I not to do I don't know
what do i do what i do what i so ended
up putting shorts on and putting my hair
up I honestly feel like it's just not a
day to dress up cute you know what I
mean it's a lazy Sunday go that works
hot Chlo oh my god oh my god can I can I
get me right now clothes you guys oh my
god Kylie Jenner had her baby and we all
knew she was pregnant let's be real but
I like I'm so happy for her I'm not even
kidding like I'd feel like I normally
don't talk about like this kind of stuff
but seriously I I'll show you what I
tweeted I can I'm but if I'm but if I'm
gonna mmmm so I tweeted low-key really
respect at Kylie Jenner for choosing her
baby's health and happiness over money
she could have made millions through her
pregnancy but chose not to uh Congrats
honestly like I really really respect
her like I'm not even kidding
this girl could have made millions of
dollars if she really wanted to
throughout this entire pregnancy through
like sponsorships through just
everything but chose not to because she
wanted to be stress-free for her baby's
health regardless if you like the
Kardashian / Jenner / car Jenner's
whatever you have to admit that that is
really cool do you guys see the video I
honestly was sitting there the whole
time and I was just like so cute like
she's a mom she's 20 right I can I can't
even imagine being a mom now like I'm
just so not ready for that like some
people are amazing me personally know
like I mean I already am a mom like I
have my dog that's the most mama SH I
could be right now hot club yep update
time it is currently 231 p.m. 232 p.m. I
wasn't gonna vlog this but honestly the
vlog that went up today was me
organizing my bullet journal and stuff
and you guys are loving it and really
wanted me to do more stuff like that oh
I figured I would show you guys because
I'm actually writing down next week
because it is Sunday I'm writing down
the first week of February everything
that's going on I also literally just
started I want to kind of show you what
I'm doing also I kind of have a
stationary haul which maybe I should do
that first let's do that I literally
live or like all Dacian airy type of
stuff whatnot I have a ton of stickers
and I think I ordered some dividers I'm
not sure if they came yet and some of
these highlighters these are actually
called mild liners they took so long to
get here I think I ordered these one of
the first weeks of January and it's
obviously a month later now they finally
came I knew it was gonna take a while
but I didn't care
I'm like 99% sure they came from Japan
these are amazing for any type of
planning and stuff because they don't
believe through the pages I really
really really love them
I ordered read different ones just
because I didn't want to wish I had a
color and then have to wait a month
again for them to come the first one it
looks like this they're more darker
colors even though they're not dark at
all but compared to the other ones we
have blue purple green grey and more of
a reddish pink color and then there's
this one which has a lighter Bowl keel
brown and a orange color and then we
have the neon pastels which I'm sure I'm
gonna be using these the most but yeah
you guys I'm so excited to try these out
in I have some stickers let me open all
of them because we have a few different
packages oh I ordered so much stuff off
of Etsy I tend to forget what I ordered
but it's exciting though because when
you get the package you forgot that you
wondered also all this stuff is so
inexpensive you can buy a really cute
stickers for literally a dollar
something I ordered this little cover
divider this is literally just to make
it cute I have a few of the notebooks
that are just brown or plain colored so
I thought it'd be really cute to order
this little divider thing I don't know
if you can see but this one has really
cute a little gold pineapples all over
it so I thought it was so so cute so if
you're looking for this it's actually
called a dashboard so cute next one oh I
forgot I got the oh my god okay so I
ordered these little flag stickers that
are for the days of the week so freaking
cute and I got the rainbow colored
because I thought that'd be really cute
oh yes okay I ordered a ton of little
cactus stickers like there's a few more
packages almost done this one's so cute
because it comes in a pamphlet but then
it has all of the stickers in it which
is cool so you don't lose them all most
of you guys probably do not care about
how cute is that okay last package I've
been waiting for this this is a whole
set of stickers that all matched
together and this is the aesthetic of it
like it's very very cute these are so
cute
oh my gosh I love any well so now that
we got everything unboxed I feel like we
can actually decorate this week's spread
though I'm gonna steal this and I'm
gonna stole these okay so here's what we
got so far
literally nothing except for this little
corner we got going on over here down to
them so here is this week's inspo I like
because it's really simple but I feel
like it'll be really cute with all the
colors and I just got all the new mild
liners so I figured that would be a
perfect fit let's do it
okay so I'm not done yet but this is
kind of what it's looking like I did it
a little different than the inspo pick
instead of having them all the same I
kind of did them off-center this week is
Fashion Week so I'm actually gonna be
going to New York on Wednesday and okay
guys I was so mad because I worked so
hard on this and I was taking my time
because I didn't want to mess up and
there is a huge fail
ready comment below if you think you can
find it but I'm gonna give you the
answer in five four three two one Monday
Thursday Wednesday Thursday this was
supposed to be Tuesday and I'm really
sad because there's no way to fix that
so I think I'm just gonna leave it as
Thursday even though I'll know that it
means Tuesday but it's kind of sad I
don't even have whiteout and then I
figured if I try to fix it it'll
probably look worse than it does now so
I'm gonna leave it but yes so I want to
put something here I was thinking about
putting like 2018 and then I have a
little bit of space here for some
stickers or something so not done yet
also I really don't know my week for
Fashion Week yet I know it's gonna be
crazy busy but I was waiting to get my
itinerary which is coming in tomorrow so
that way I can like kind of fill in all
the days but anyways that is this week's
bullet journal spread da da da hey guys
what's up I just realized I did not end
this vlog so I'm so sorry but I did get
my nails done I'm back I love it anyways
I will see you guys turn off the new
ball a friend can talk I love you and
I'll see you later bye
