good morning guys whatup and welcome
back to my vlog channel
Oh my screen is 30 no you're actually
let me just clean you right up
oh I think I made it before oh wait can
you guys smell difference because it
looks better
anyways redo all of that hey guys what's
up welcome to my channel and welcome to
another day in my life but it's today
oh geez Friday that's exciting Friday
today I'm gonna do some filming for
Sunday's video this video is going up
this Sunday I don't know I ever told you
business
I'm not really sure I am going back to
uploading every single week only once a
week and it's gonna be every Sunday
so yeah I'm excited the best
tastes like cleaner literally that was
the worst like one of the worst like
testing things are ever done whoa okay
oh my god I like I look real bad Oh
literally though like what is this what
is this you guys I'm really excited for
this video you're going to love it at
first I was like do I want to show you
guys behind the scenes cuz it'll spoil
it and I was like no if you're watching
my vlogs you're like the true MVP and
you get to see behind the scenes so
we're doing behind the scenes
oh I hope that turned out good oh man I
feel like my makeup looked good today
too
no to redo the whole thing yeah I'm just
gonna take off all my makeup and redo it
wait this ah I just took off the I just
took up the look at my eyebrow it looks
like oh the things I do for videos it
really looks like I just like made out
with someone or I have a disease oh oh
man hey guys so update times a bit later
I had some lunch and now I'm going to
redo my makeup because clearly what I
had earlier like that's cute mom but I'm
not about to do it like that's not Kiki
I'm just kidding it's not cute um yeah
definitely redo my makeup real quick so
yeah let's do that it's just like a mess
from filming so literally guys this
stuff tasted it disgusting oh my god we
need some makeup I'm a manual focus what
is this nonsense is that this no that
was too dark hold on there we go okay so
we have foundation let's do that also
going to watch Mia's vlog while I did my
makeups let's do that I mean love you
memes subscribe so much freakin better
oh my god you guys like mm-hmm
also I think I might wear some fake
glasses today I think that could be cute
well let's try it out they're like kind
of really dirty though so let me clean
that real quick this cute is it ugly
hold on I cannot look you like it
without better okay we're not gonna wear
this it just kidding okay
Oh update time is currently can you even
see that
probably
I don't know maybe 349 p.m. Jessica
yahwah i order this paid for myself i
order this um i think last week kind of
impulsive just because i couldn't find
this lipstick anywhere and i was like
you know it it's like it's just time for
doing i'm sooo exotic place an order
under Kylie cosmetics normally these
boxes are black but this one's pink I
think for her birthday clock edge I did
not order from that I don't think so
okay
and free unboxing all you should never
get scissors we make it so much harder
for myself than just you know getting
scissors wait for it oh oh I love I mean
obviously make sense but I love the pink
so much more than the black so I ordered
two lip kits I got my usual the coke
okay one this one is my all-time
favorite lip kit from her it seriously
I've gone through like two of these I
think just like it's honestly be
freaking perfect nude pink color for me
so I love it then I saw this one online
and it's the only okay the only thing I
don't like about Kylie cosmetics is I
swear the pictures online versus the box
color versus the actual color of the
lipstick are all very different online
I'm pretty sure high-maintenance looked
lighter than coke okay and debating
between this it looks so much darker but
okay I'm really like those are those are
literally two different colors I think I
don't know let me swatch this on yo this
one is real pretty ooh I like that one
work so watch time let's be a beauty
guru that one's real it's more pink it
is more pink so I guess the box makes
sense okay wait for it
coke okay it's just actually perfect
I feel like this is slightly darker than
in person but they're pretty dings
similar honestly so the right one the
right two are high maintenance and then
the left two are coke okay so it's like
the lip liners are on the outside
they're like they're both really similar
but the right one is definitely more
peak I still think I like coke okay the
best eye maintenance is definitely
lighter than Posie K which was a little
too dark for me see this looks like
freakin purple to me this looks like
brown that's like a light people
whatever but yeah yeah so now oh wait I
can do it key to this is you have to do
a really thin layer because otherwise
it's like it's just not cute we're at
the bathe blaze hey can I get two grande
iced almond milk lattes with double
extra caramel drizzle I'm so excited the
pumpkin guy's PSA pummels iced latte is
here it's gone gone sweet next we're
gonna have to start goodness I've always
liked them I don't love that fun fact
actually make those pumpkin scones
actually actually makes them better like
she has the recipe and makes them and I
really good I've never tried that iced
pumpkin made me either
I feel like that could be good I hope it
gets cold soon I feel like it's too hot
right now like I'm kind of hot maybe
four degrees it's 84 and I have like
leggings and long-sleeve on I'm like I'm
kind of dying thank you
Oh guys I'm so excited I'm so happy -
bucks on it we got the goods we got the
goods we got the guys I look he like
when I get to like put the straw in
because it's like really like vlog
appealing it's satisfying that's that's
it
Cheers Sean's I mean I like let's get
coffee let's go shopping not like we
really knows I'm a little edgy much but
we're like let's go to urban like why
not I've decided like what every okay
every time you buy something new you
should get rid of something in your
closet so then so I only have a certain
amount of hangers now like I redid my
whole closet a certain amount of hangers
and that's it but you know the problem
is you've been cleaning and purging a
lot of stuff and I haven't so should I
be here probably myself I feel like I
don't know I it would you honestly I'm
like or so just like
having its bread I stuck with like tags
on it you should sell it maybe
economically friendly oh these are cute
see I wanted I wanted this one but in a
hoodie for a little bit this one I
really wanted this one in it but they
only have a small but it looks big I
mean it might fit maybe I you know let
me try that let me let me try it I
should do some really random errands I
think when you go first I don't even
know what else we're gonna do look at us
look at me with my Birkenstocks yo
Ashley's yours your slides look cute
Birkenstock you're like yo you're
wearing Birkenstocks but I I rock them
hey guys so I totally forgot to in the
blog last night's there's one to end it
right now I battery totally died so uh
that happened anyways I'll see you guys
really soon with a new one I love you
