okay hey guys what is that so I let's
see I was just a bad home let's fix my
hair here's kind of crazy don't judge me
huh so long story short Alisha is a
horrible vlogger and just didn't vlog
yesterday
and I even went to Target and it would
have been the best freaking vlog ever
like we have so much fun and I was
actually really sad that I look first of
all I camera at mixes blogs what's the
hard they'll pay me but I figure it
actually got quite a bit of stuff
because I realized I can't remember the
last time I was actually at Target like
it's been a while I think this is the
longest time Alisha has not gone to
Target
yeah so there's a lot of random stuff
that I got a lot of stuff was actually
for this week's video at which tomorrow
you'll probably see a little behind the
scenes in tomorrow's vlog but today I
just want to show you most of the like
personal stuff that I got because I got
so much stuff anyways the target haul
anyone hopefully this makes up for not
vlogging
first let's um I go through everything
in here I literally got some like I just
yeah I got some random stuff first thing
I desperately needed new makeup wipes so
I got the the ones I always get the
Neutrogena cleansing towelettes special
twin value hey I totally mean it so we
got that also I also I um can't talk I
also really needed a razor so I got that
and I'm literally going to like so much
basic like personal hygiene so I also
really needed some mouth rinse so we got
the orange Listerine you know just so
basic do you guys like seeing calls like
this that isn't like huge clothing
really cute stuff it's more just like
basic stuff I also needed some lashes
everyone always asked me what lashes I
use these are just the demi whispies
from ardell don't know if you can see
this I love these I use them all the
freakin time they're like natural but
they're still pretty dramatic so I love
these I go through them so quick that's
why I usually get the multi pack and I
just kind of stock up on them but yeah I
really like um
we got some guns and we got the best
mints ever they're like the fruity ice
free course our wines these are the
mixed berry ones it's so so good most of
you guys know that like I love these and
it's been a such a long time since I've
used them I feel like last year I have
them in almost every single vlog like
how long has it been it's been so long
and then if you care at all this is the
gum that I get all the time this is like
a huge packet and it's like it's amazing
okay and then what would a target trip
be without me going into the home decor
section they have some really really
cute stuff so the first thing that I
thought was this bath yeah as you can
tell I'm not sure if this is gonna go in
my room or if this is going to go
downstairs in the living room probably
go in the living room because I feel
like I'm probably on the living room so
this wise I don't know does not say
that's how they get you you just find
something cute you make it and then you
go up to the register and you're like
wait I'm sorry that's how my target had
the cutest vases they can't always have
cute bases but these I just like I saw
them and just started putting them in
the cart because I just I just wanted
them they're so cute this one was ten
dollars and this one was 15 dollars
they're just light pink vases and I hope
yeah I also can't decide if these are
gonna go up here in my room
or downstairs I want to put them up here
but I feel like they're too cute to just
hide in my room because no one's really
gonna see them so I feel like they
should go downstairs and I'm really
excited to get some like fake flowers or
like plants to put in here and they're
like they're really nice too
oh my god so I got those and then right
next to the vases were these really cute
little succulents and there are only
these tulips so I totally snatched them
real quick there's a small one and a big
one and they're just fake little
succulent plants and I really liked the
gold detailing and stuff so I thought
this would be super cute next to these
vases like come on like this is so cute
like Target they just know what's up
that could look so cute and
I got a few more things because believe
it or not I mean like we moved when did
we move we moved in this house in
January oh my god wait we've been here
Jeremy forever
wait we've been here like eight almost
eight full months which is crazy to me
and we still don't have so many random
things like oh my god a cutting board
but I think it's downstairs I also got a
cutting board random like adult things
we need it and we really needed some new
cans I saw these ones and they were
super cute I loved how they were blue
and like teal so I got these
I'm adulting so hard right now they're
so cute
and then we also got this one this one
comes with a lid it's super cute I'm
just kind of picturing like morning
routines using this I'm not this is what
like YouTube at its finest literally
you're like oh my god that is so cute
for a morning your team and I'm cooking
my breakfast and yeah oh my god
anyways that's pretty much everything
that I bought I did also buy a whole
bunch of other stuff but like I said
it's for this week's video like I
literally like them spend so much money
at Target so I'm so sorry
don't hate me a 10-block hopefully that
you likes this really quick little
little haul and now I'm going to end
this so I can edit it so I can put it up
today and then I can finish vlogging
today's vlog so you'll see me in this
outfit tomorrow um anyways I love you
guys and I'll see you later bye mwah
