any coffee good morning guys coming up
July from the airport where we headed -
San Fran how did this thing
I'm so excited we're going for the
weekend and my batteries
it's a bit later now and as you can see
the glow up is for Rican rail it's a few
hours later Ashland I got some food and
we both uploaded I uploaded a vlog she
uploaded a main Channel video put some
makeup on curled the hair we are going
to do a huge tour of the brand new
Museum of ice-cream let's here in San
Francisco they are literally opening it
tonight for like the huge grand opening
and I've never actually been to the one
in Los Angeles so I'm really excited to
go to this vlog and bring our camera
takes all pictures I'm really excited
and look they gave us like the most epic
gift bag ever so I wanted to quickly
show you what's in here cuz I don't even
know what's in here yet okay that's all
trash oh my god my god this is a
portable charger and it's a pink banana
that is so cute racket what is it racket
balls
wait that's so cute move some notebooks
you can never have too many notebooks
and then what is this way oh my god okay
this is unicorn tea its tea but it
changes colors when you add lemon that
is really cool yeah yeah what is cute
Wow and then we walk through the room
and saw some chocolate and like yo that
sounds really good you're currently
walking over to the museum I see the
sign they're letting us have a preview
of a show before anyone else sees it we
can take pictures what about Carl Bowles
clickbait Oh
oh my god it's so you guys here at the
Museum of ice
I'm actually always being a photographer
job when you are
it's a mic
yeah yeah it definitely helps get the
conversation started though what we're
doing right now
oh my god I really want cotton candy but
I like shit you got the Sharia Church
I'm like boomerang one two ready go
this boy is so cute this whole room is
too thick thank you yeah is it going I
think it is
this room though living for it we are
going in this wrinkled guys you're at a
sprinkle pool a pool full of sprinkles
that was so much fun oh my god
good morning guys and welcome to day two
of this vlog I'm assuming because I
don't really got much footage yesterday
just because it was so crazy and so cool
we were trying to pictures we're trying
am chat you're trying to Instagram we're
trying to vlog actually I ended up and
sending our stay a day so we have a
dance
I'm really excited oh we are getting
some coffee
yo guess who got her coffee which means
guess who's excited oh that that son
we just got some blowouts got our hair
did yes we did
now we're trapping out we're gonna go
shopping not like we need to go shopping
don't we my shirt you know it just like
wait I haven't found anything really yet
but that's totally cool cuz I usually
find a lot of stuff but actually the
jacket that was super cute why is it not
like focusing here ah today's like a
perfect day like it's the weather is
perfect it's not crowded she got the
goods okay update time it is currently
at 12:08 p.m. it's noon I put my hair up
because I was hoping that the curls will
stay longer we got some salads you're
currently at sweet green this place is
so good it's Ashley's first time will
coming here I've gotten her salads to go
like coming here so yeah it's so good I
used to call sober doctor because we got
up early and I'm like oh it's only noon
we do the same thing
we have places we want to go but we've
both been here before so it's kind of
fun to like not build the absolute best
souvenir by anyone when you come to San
Francisco sourdough bread ash and I just
made it to appear 39 enough fuck you
Mia I'm thinking of you we're thinking
of you Dom yeah we're taking some
pictures taken some big share we're
taking some pictures taking some
pictures it's so crowded it is that I
like I've been here every time it's like
a weekend one day I just want to come
here during a weekday in the morning
when it's freezing and no one's here yo
look at this picture I just about posing
through lighting no yo ping the new
janky
but the ash wants to be done by the
business
why are you taking forever wait this
would be a really pretty pin good
morning guys and welcome to day three of
this vlog it is our last day here in San
Francisco I'm really sad I had to uh you
put your good news video is that there
it is oh my god yeah yeah you guys all
so can we take a thumbnail appreciation
posts I'm like I love it it's so cute
it's very different but I really like it
so go watch that if you haven't yet I'm
gonna put a link to it in the
description box love and support look
where we I'm being such a Taurus right
now but like I look you don't care so we
made it to the Painted Ladies as you can
tell totally been here before a shit you
haven't been here you haven't been here
and so cute right I love it actually
it's so cute I made a mistake by wearing
a dress it's windy but I am wearing
shorts in the name I'm sure everyone is
honestly like it is seriously it's so
freaking pretty I wonder what it's like
living that up cuz honestly I feel like
I could kinda suck gosh just said that I
was like yeah because people would just
be like yeah all their blinds are closed
well be 24/7 yeah people would be your
twenty-four-seven like across from your
house where it's actually where we at
least here we blend in as tourists
that's all I gotta say like other places
I'm like everyone else
no one's talking to those oh oh let's
get some pics ash oh my god it's not
pretty
we are going alright do get picture we
are going onward to get pictures I don't
know if you can tell by to that outfit
change no longer in a dress is very good
cuz it is
hello in here oh my god this is so
pretty camera doesn't know justice
should we made it to the bridge
we got some cute pics yeah okay so first
of all there's so many option to take
pictures but there was this one like
right on the corner when and we swipe it
so fast this one lady laughing I was
like you were I was don't why both oh my
god
you're literally lying right now like we
are no no no no no no no Ashley is a
literally right now so there was this
spot over there it's like like a Ledge
that overlooks everything that's white
and I was the one who swiped it he said
swipe wait don't stripe it
no I was wondering with my backpack
there and I jumped lie or it was a no no
no no she's trying to get family cuz if
you met her it was not that was me I
told you to do it and you were slacking
and I was like yo I'm gonna do this no
you know you know I jumped on it my more
good more while someone is tired I am
currently editing this vlog right now it
is Monday and it is currently like 6:20
p.m. it is so late I have been exhausted
all day we actually flew home super
early this morning we got in at like 8
a.m. so I am really tired because I had
to get up at like 4:30 this morning I'm
trying really hard to not chicken nap
today so she's been trying to get some
work done today I have been editing as
you can see I decided to edit from bed
today and I've been loving it yeah
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog I will see you guys
really soon with another one and yes
