Kano's I mean oh my goodness mmm I love
you oh we want to Perlane gonna kiss you
never give me kisses why don't you love
me oh my god that angle hello guys may
have been so behind Philly I just have
so much to do in the next few days so
what do I do I just like don't do
anything I don't know
so just to give you guys a little visual
of what's going on actually got a text
don't apologize the next few days I have
all for filming have to film three
videos in about three days a video a day
problem is it's already 3 o'clock days
hop over so I'll have to upload my video
I'm like having so many issues is
editing it like it was so I don't know
it looks like huh so so many issues with
that and then we have that and then
Sunday I have to get a video up that
isn't even filmed yet and then once I
get that up I'm actually going on a
plane because I am going to a very very
very very exciting shoot it's not like
super top secret but I just want to hold
off on telling you guys because I want
it to be like it's just really exciting
and I'm really excited about like get
excited I know I can vlog by I'm not
sure if how soon I can get that footage
up like I don't know how long Wow Alicia
can you just like make sense for two
seconds okay I'm doing that on Sunday
and Monday the laibach Monday night -
yeah for a week because Tuesday morning
I fly to Texas for
girls I didn't show so I'm going for a
week of tour little little stress but
it's okay got this i'll subheading only
the ugly
okay leader i'm school you a and i'll
tell you why it always happened it's
terrible but it always breaks out it
does always work out you know what else
is gonna make everything feel better
shot i actually got me coffee everything
is gonna be better because we got this
was just so needed
we got a grande iced latte with almond
milk with extra caramel drizzle extra
extra extra yes
the baby grins today little grandbaby
for rent but you smell like a dog we
need to do it that fast I went grocery
shopping today and I found this I was so
interested to try it I am not vegan but
this is a vegan cookie dough peanut
butter chocolate chip I found it just
like sitting by it sometimes like oh my
god he says we have to do it but I kind
of failed because I already tried it but
I want Ashley to taste it it's like
edible cookie dough it's like the first
bread I had I was like I don't have my
feel I'm gonna sing my nails I'm like
almost good it's good it's very peanut
buttery mm-hmm I kind of wish it was
just Charlotte chance more like peanut
butter and chocolate chip you guys I
love I literally love how this is
fragile and I just threw it I mean it's
like it shouldn't be like that fragile
but like clearly we got some packages we
have one from Tarte clearly as you can
see and we have one from a pepper Mayo
which is a really cute clothing store
I'm so excited for this let's do an
unboxing you guys I'm in one of those
moods where like my hair is just
bothering me so much so I'm gonna put it
up because I feel like if I don't put it
up I'm gonna be touching it literally
this entire time and I know how annoying
that can be we're good
first I want to do pepper mayo because
I've been waiting for this package for
such a long time they were so sweet and
they literally asked me hey do you want
to pick stuff out from her site and
we'll send it to you who doesn't want
pretty clothes not like I need any more
clothes oh my god it's literally I
forgot what I ordered and I just got so
excited right now so I don't know if you
guys know but Kylie actually had a
collaboration with GE Australia like the
sunglasses man and I got two of her
sunglasses these are oh these are so
cute
at least I think so I could don't really
see them on wait I need a mirror I love
they're like huge but they're like super
super cute
even though I'm a complete fetus like
when I take them off in like oh never
mind
I feel like sunglasses are such a good
way to hide your face that sounds so
like weird so a lot of people are not
gonna like me because they're
really super trendy one okay they're
definitely like they're definitely super
trendy and I thought you'd have to have
the completely like perfect outfit with
it I'm actually a thousand percent
impressed with the quality of these
sunglasses oh my god I'm excited good
shirt oh my god this is so cute
so it's this white t-shirt it's a
wrangler life you know like Wrangler
jeans like it's like a Wrangler shirt
it's like white and it's ping back says
Wrangler I see this is such a cute like
casual teeth love that and then not like
I need any more denim jackets as we know
if you watch my new video which is up
already I will show you guys Italy I
love this this is a regular pink denim
jacket have a denim jacket that's pink
but it's like a super super super super
light white kind of pink color so it
doesn't really look like this is you
this is so cute it's like such good
quality oh my god thank you so much
pepper mayo I love you guys I love your
site and if you haven't shopped there
before you really should because it's
sucky Oh next week oh I don't have
scissors to me oh we got scissors okay
oh my god it's one of those on it's one
of those palette this is so cute it's
one of those palettes they're like
magnetic comments where you can put
anything you want right here I always
wanted one of these like low key like
back in the day I'm at if anyone's
watching this and you notice I was one
of those powers that everyone had and I
wanted one so bad thank you we also have
a water bottle which I can never have
too many water bottles like these are
perfect for the gym or like anything
love this we also have a t-shirt that is
so soft and a lipstick and this is in
the color berry mojito this is so this
is like the perfect fall lip color I'm
getting really excited for fall honestly
I'm getting so freakin excited for fall
I'm just excited for like behind boots
and socks and sweaters and all of it
anyways that's my unboxing I hope you
guys liked it also if you haven't seen
it yet I just uploaded on just um like
an hour ago clearly I uploaded another
school Esha video and his sister buys my
outfits for back-to-school you guys this
video is show loved filming this so
definitely go watch it and comment that
if you vlog squad sent you because blog
squad is the
squad ma oh my god I like her raizy
right now wow I look real cute update
time I don't even think I said update
time in this vlog what what is wrong
with me currently just getting some
editing yeah I figured I haven't done a
face mask in the longest time ever I
helped to actually film burbot and then
I figured I would just edit my blogs
low-key also played some cooking fear my
hands are actually kind of cramping it's
so freakin addicting you guys yes once
you started hanging on to update you
guys it is currently 10:03 p.m. oh yeah
I'm currently editing the parts where
I'm showing this shoot so if this is not
deja vu for you guys if you remember
seeing this now you see me editing this
like whoa face mask is off as you can
tell I'm actually going to end this vlog
so anyways thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys and most
likely tomorrow with a new vlog and I
love you ha ha
this one piece of hair is like kind of
crazy it's just like there
