good morning guys and welcome back to my
vlog channel I really missed you can I
just say that obviously though Beth you
been a few days so I apologize for that
but yes let's see you let's open this up
because I feel like it's a little dark
or than I'd like
so as you can see makeup is done and
hair is not done
I'm definitely slept with my hair like
this I start with it wet so yeah I'm not
really sure what I'm gonna do that but
for now we're just gonna leave it up
already dressed here's my outfit for the
day we have a white off-the-shoulder
shirt which is on forever 21 necklaces
Urban Outfitters and this is Hollister
yeah it's literally had it oh my gosh
anyways today I'm gonna today's a
filming day I also have some random
errands to do I think and it's mostly a
something day so someone what yeah guess
who has the package oh it does and this
is even more exciting because I bought
this package this wasn't something that
was sent to me which those are exciting
to you because it feels like Christmas
but this is more exciting because you
know when you order something you
basically count down the days until it
gets here because you're just really
excited for it yeah me right now so so
guys the other day I was thinking you
know what tours coming up which if you
have not bought to continue really
should link is in the description box
come to us me and I are going to Texas
for three other girls my end shows so
you should definitely come say hi it's
not like chew or tore like where I'm
gone for like months it's just like a
few shows but stuff like I need some
cute outfits for this what do I do
I go to Jeffrey Campbell calm because I
love their shoes literally they're like
last day for 50% off everything they
never do that like I feel like I don't
know they never have stuff like that
they even said that like we never do
this but here's 50% on those it's like
it's a sign I obviously don't even know
if I'm gonna wear these on tour cuz
they're kind of high I'm just I'm trying
to exactly ordered I know I got two
pairs of shoes
I love their boxes here is one is to
first pair oh my god I almost bought
these I want to say last year sometime I
remember loving them and then I was like
I'm gonna get up there so me oh my god
either so yeah but not as tall I thought
they'd be which is really good I love
these I just already see them on my
Instagram I'm so excited oh my god these
are so cute
oh if you can see but there's a cute
cute little puffball I love this way I'm
like so bad I got these I thought they
are gonna be extremely tall and they're
actually not as tall as I thought that's
really exciting
so literally it so cute the next pair I
got these okay
also can we talk about this packaging
 you oh my god I did not realize how
bright these were oh wow wait this is
huge
those are not gonna fit me oh no and
their final sale oh wait okay okay
I mean I'm I should have gotten a 7 oh
my god these are huge these are huge
like this is a seven and a half
this isn't eight like yeah oh I don't
see also I definitely can't return them
oh oh oh I love these I feel like my
head's out of this like completely the
entire time I've been talking that's
what I ordered
wait so update the shoes fit but just
really be like they fit I don't get how
they fit like they literally look huge
but they fit when they're on like that's
so cute I don't get it that's so cute
why did they I don't I don't know I
literally don't get it they're so
comfortable
um yes you look tired
she just had a red-eye flight so that's
why she's tired we're just gonna let her
sleep update tried both the shoes on and
it's so funny how like these wouldn't
fit I did not think they would fit they
looked huge I'm like loving these that's
all okay did you soon today I said we
had a lot of filming to do I'm actually
filming a ton of stuff for my apps I'm
so excited that you guys are I hope you
guys love it and like it's like been
chilling reading so much done so I'm
gonna have the link to download my app
in the description box because don't
know have my own app which is crazy like
the way that Kylie has enough like
alicia hasn't happened that's like oh
that is crazy
yeah we're filming a ton of stuff I'm
really excited we're about to film a
video right now and yeah I feel like
we're getting stuff done yeah I just
want to give you guys a little behind
the scenes of every everything I need to
change my top
fun fact filming all these videos in one
day but I'm trying to make it look like
they're different days which means we
need a different top let's go with a
t-shirt because that's called hmmm yeah
oh my god we finished Riverdale and
honestly I think the two days like it
was so we watched the entire we've been
watch the whole season I'm so in for
season two you go FedEx for your app
yeah actually the entire design that you
see like everything from the icon we
plan that for so long and it all like it
was me telling people what I want here
is so update time it is a lot later and
I was actually just getting it ready for
bed and realized I don't think I've
ended this vlog yet so I you good she's
good anyways I went to in this log and
they can give us about ding and I'll see
you tomorrow
