good morning guys welcome to the vlog
today is Friday and what's embarrassing
as I was talking some on the phone today
and they're like oh happy Friday and my
reaction was to try to ever not knowing
what data is it's very sad actually so I
currently just film something I'm really
really excited for this video I believe
it's going up next week not sure if it's
going to be Wednesday or Sunday but it's
definitely going up next week I'm really
excited for it
so you wish me to I was about to symbol
behind the scenes but I also was kind of
like I don't want to spoil it and give
it all away and honestly my battery was
also dying so it's like I should
probably charge that so that's the
reason why I didn't vlog but starting
the vlog now I need to go import all the
footage because we have a ton of footage
that we need to edit I'm honestly
starving let's get some food right Clos
oh my god why are you suck yeah oh hey
hey finish it I'm actually right now
about to livestream I announce that I'm
going to do a live stream on my app 4
p.m. and it is currently I think 4 p.m.
right now so I'm going to go up in my
room and go do that right now can I just
say like it's been so stressful
long story short I lost footage and I
want to cry like I'm over it but all of
those letters that Ashley filmed
yesterday if you guys saw the vlog
yesterday at the mall is gone I paid
$100 to get it like recovered it comes
recovered if you can't open it so I'm
like I just lost a hundred dollars
hopefully it's so where I don't know oh
my god I'm going to just go explain all
this watching right now plugging in my
life yeah so I'm going to do it real
quick and if you haven't yet download my
app get very pieces I do lectures on
there ok I'll do your infamous so we are
currently a live streaming right now I'm
actually eating ice cream like say hi
guys you can't see it that angle say hi
hi yo yes so we're currently currently
live-streaming very excited about this
live stream is over I talk to you guys
for most like 20 minutes and it felt so
good to just kind of been but like this
yeah I'm here but you guys literally
made me in a better mood so stress and
stuff and talking about it and saying
everything out loud made me realize like
wow like this isn't the end of the world
like there's so many worse things going
on whatever like it's just footage it'll
I really think it will so anyways now
I'm going to go downstairs and get some
editing done so it's actually been
updated and I realize because I Lisa
here like has has been off his vlog game
I realized I haven't told you guys like
I haven't I told you guys I'm Twitter
and Instagram and all that when Steffes
if you probably know this but not
everyone I never told you guys that I'm
on Disney Channel no and no I'm not
replacing Jake Paul I cannot tell you
how many comments I think it was just
the timing of everything that went down
with that the same time that my episode
came out so everyone assumed that I was
replacing him and like no guys no don't
hate me I'm not replacing him last year
one of my most popular videos on this
channel is me saying that I was going to
be on Disney Channel and everyone got so
excited and long story short about a
year later the episode can help everyone
was wondering where the episode was when
I was honestly didn't know I didn't know
if it was getting canceled because so
much stuff happened and this is one of
those instances where like a lot of
youtubers don't like saying they'll say
like hey I'm working on a secret project
and I'll tell you later because so many
times things like it cancelled or just
they don't happen so it wouldn't have
surprised me of like sorry like this one
didn't work out like long story short
they had to work out something about the
storyline but my episode finally came
out on Buzard mark I literally am making
a camp cameo as myself we should read
the show the funny part is I was like I
speak a lot of people forget that I'm
still acting so I know like I don't I've
never made an aloe vera video before and
I'm 100% acting in this even though it's
me it's like not me it was so much fun I
would love to do more stuff like this
like I had such a blast doing it
everyone was so sweet I want to tell you
guys I want to say this episode to ask
come here I'm showing them the bizarre
Park episode Oh
my childhood self is screaming like what
like Disney Channel Lizzie McGuire like
hi I'm Alicia Murray and you're watching
Disney Channel
just kidding I wish what Blair though oh
my god oh my god yo that's me what cause
mommy doesn't miss me so I'm like mind
blown right now like that is crazy
totally recorded that because it was
like low-key work camera I forgot to
tell you guys like I just remember I
don't know I was thinking about it
earlier say don't put the hug I didn't
even tell you guys I've been asking for
it so I think it's episode six it's
called awkward Holcomb and awkward
anyways I'm going to go edit some more I
just wanted to tell you that thank you
for letting me have opportunities like
this to be on Disney Channel and do
whole things because I wouldn't have to
without you
thanks Chloe
are we having a friend come over is re
coming over and is she bringing her new
puppy is she bringing her new puppy oh
yeah oh my god I just find it you look
excited oh my god good be nice and
please for mater
a new friend okay so I still don't have
the footage should be checked never
consciously I mean excited but I
definitely formatted it Oh guys Arya is
here and her puppy throughout heaven
soon I'm going to turn the corner and
it's gonna be really quick right now oh
my god I made
hi this is gonna be a new song so bike
loaded with you follow you
we're just no no no nothing lovely who
is doing liquor because now oh my god
she's so little
Chloe used to be that big she's like I
just want some food Oh what kind of
cheese
he's a cab apoo are we I'm I feel so I
mean Ari just picked up for a demo made
and I'm very excited for this got the
blood orange eliminate it's the best one
you have to try it soup as well as some
of this well avvocato little quinoa a
little what's the green stuff edamame
I'm gonna eat this and I'm all really
excited oh okay update time guys
it is currently 8:27 p.m. and I really
have not gotten much done when I've
gotten some stuff done but honestly like
I'm nowhere near where I should be
now the vlog edit I thought the pack I
leave at 4:30 in the morning I have 8
hours and have to leave this house I've
so both these videos on Mac that was me
can you even let me get my phone with us
so planning on being up on I obviously I
took off my makeup need some coffee
we got it like we got it hopefully we
got this well the only other good thing
though is like I can sleep on the plane
the entire life and breeding sure so
just wait I've never actually turned I'm
gonna try to go oh it's too that's
better
oh my god okay here we go
hey guys
so other than it being about four hours
later and I've moved locations got my
main channel video actually mostly done
I had still a hackathon alert I have a
little bit of work left to do but I also
really want to edit this vlog so it'll
be up and ready to go tomorrow just
because like it's already mostly edited
so I wanted to end it right now thank
you guys so much for watching I still
have to Pat all night tonight it
shouldn't be too hard though cause it's
really just like casual closed up so I
saw a lot to do tonight but I want to
end it so I can tell it like ready to go
so so love you guys thank you for
watching this video and I will see you
most likely tomorrow's new vlog
