good morning guys good morning what else
is new I got some coffee see you
saturday and I'm really excited just to
have like a lazy well just kidding it's
not gonna be lazy I have a full video to
edit in less than 24 hours oh why am I
saying it's a lazy Saturday it's not I'm
just excited it feels like a weekend
like it actually feels like a weekend I
feel like I was traveling a lot who
doesn't love a good Saturday good
morning Ashley
the Sun is like ha waiting back ah
this is nice so what is new how did you
guys who questioned the day how'd you
sleep was a good was a bad I slept
horrible I was like it was so hot but
the air was on which I don't get and I
could not sleep for anything that's like
kind of is kind of random it's like kind
of I don't know I've never heard it
anyone else use that question of the day
you guys like my jacket wait can we can
we take like a quick second real quick
so I don't know if you can see this but
this is an official a freaking fishel
Club Mickey Mouse jacket I don't know if
you guys heard I worked on a really
exciting project they are doing a roof
over that I can't talk about they're
doing a reboot of a Mickey Mouse Club
which is now a club Mickey Mouse and
they just announced the cast and
everything yesterday and there were so
many articles like bright entertainment
like literally all of them they asked me
to be a mentor on the show so I'm
actually in the show for like an episode
or two and it's really cool because
todrick is one too and like in all the
articles like they put us together and I
was like why I'm not that cool like I'm
not like well he's like goals and every
single way possible I have my official
jacket and I love I'm gonna wear this to
Disney I like all the time and people
gonna be like yo where'd you get that
lace hurry you can't just buy it custom
we asked you shut the back of the back
so legit it has your name on it
this is so cute yo should I show them
the behind-the-scenes of something or
should I wait till Tuesday
because we're doing something with that
then but then the video already be out
so like the video will be out I feel
like my volume viewer she got to see it
too okay oh my god okay hopefully by the
time you've seen this vlog you've seen
this week's main channel video which if
you haven't please go stop right now go
watch that it was a lot of effort but I
wanted to show you guys a whole set tour
of everything Alicia just goes full out
for things like I don't even know how to
explain it it's kind of ridiculous it's
almost like embarrassing ridiculous how
much I'm just like okay we're doing it
let's like do it like let's go full out
are you ready dun dun dun dun oh my god
you guys why we had so much fun with
this a few blocks long time ago I told
you guys that I got this phone and this
is my first time taking out of the box
and actually using it so I knew I wanted
to use this we kind of just like built
everything around this you're like you
know let's get a diner and I was like
wait we can get like a little sticky
floor thing when you watch the intro it
actually looks like a freaking diner
which is hilarious to me I don't like I
just I love it this is so fun I meant to
do like a legit legit behind the scenes
of filming but honestly the day we
filmed this things were really stressful
because the floor wasn't working out
right I changed my mind on how I wanted
the like the scene of it to like the
flow and everything about it to go so I
was think about that and by the time we
finally got it was like four and then
Ashley it was just for vlogmas last year
I made like a legit behind the scenes
like extra video and that was really fun
but I am having a photo shoot on Tuesday
so I think I'll do like a like a cool
behind the scenes for that or something
but yeah Joffrey went to like a fashion
art school she liked him knows her stuff
like she's like so smart and like good
with that stuff so she made these like
menu I don't even think I could do this
literally like it says Alicia's diner
like so freakin cute like okay like hi
I'm just currently out of diet like oh I
found this light at Urban like I was
hoping that they had I walk in they have
it on it's like this hella cute hello
sigh yep plug it in it says hello the
only problem is honestly like it's
coming up so much better on this camera
then the
camera like you couldn't even read it
but it's so cute this luck so excited to
take pictures in here like I'm so
excited oh my god that's Alicia's diner
since the office is obviously occupied
with having a diner in the adventure has
been everywhere heater right now I was
on this little thing here in the dining
room been editing my vlogs here which
speaking of vlogs just got one up really
excited so you should watch it if you
haven't yet there it is huge makeup
disaster yeah we were filming for
tomorrow's video and you guys like I'm
not even kidding it I'm really excited
to look over that footage I still
totally need to edit it but yes I love
you and I love you oh my god thanks DIY
Mia usually when I upload a video like
the first hour so I'm really like
engaged in like replying to comments and
seeing all your comments and stuff but
after that it kind of slows down so
that's why you should have your
notification squad on notifications
that's why you can have the notification
squad that's why you should have the
notification bell on so you can be a
part of the notifications co-op that was
a voice too hard to explain oh my gosh
yeah we make it some avocado toast yeah
we make it some avocado toast so I was
thinking
Alicia you haven't had breakfast you
should have some breakfast and then I
was like yo papa coach avocado toast
sounds so good and I could like order
something cuz there's a few places
around here to have a good avocado just
then I was like you know what Alicia no
you have everything to make it save your
money
eat at home and honestly probably save
like $15 because if I went to get out
how we get a coffee too and already have
my coffee like that's okay and I'm like
yo actually tonight I see $15 right now
makeup is done and Harris poufy I need
some dry shampoo up in here let me
update you it's been a bit clearly put
my makeup on plans for today I have to
edit my main ship that just got really
dark all of the sudden plans for today I
have to edit my main channel video which
is going up tomorrow Ashley and I are
actually headed to Orange County we're
gonna go hang out and spend the night at
Erin's Ashley and Taryn actually have
somewhere to go later tonight so I'm
probably just gonna go to cabo huh why
can't I never talk oh I'm probably just
gonna go to a coffee shop and edit for
quite a bit
some yes let me pack up everything okay
I love how I still have a scrunchie on
my wrist honestly I hope I have
everything need my laptop so I can edit
or to really suck if I forgot my laptop
I just realized I almost forgot the
memory cards with all the footage or
pipe video that wasn't stikes event that
would have been so bad and we're ready
come a water
come on bags I'm a laptop headphones see
I'm not ready everybody
now I'm ready updates time p.m. Ashley
and I are finally getting some lunch I'm
really excited that avocado toast was so
bombed this morning but it's been a long
time since I had that when you're real
hungry but you have to wait for your
food and it feels like an eternity oh my
god I was using this as a mayor and it
looks like bull less the world we got
some food Ashley night we got a burger
and like a tofu bowl but we're splitting
it so it looks like it's a hell a lot of
food and it kind of it but it's like
split so like that's why it looks like
so much this place is so cute this looks
really really really good so imma eat
because I'm starving
goodbye good
I bet that's bad
hey guys what is up I am editing this
vlog and I realize I did not end it I'm
so sorry the lot I hate me at least I'm
ending it now though cuz sometimes like
I'm not gonna lie sometimes I just don't
end it and you guys y'all don't like
that anyways thank you for watching I'll
see you guys soon with another vlog and
I love you
