good morning everyone and happy
beautycon day so today's Beauty con LA
and you know what I was thinking the
past few beauty cons I feel like I've
done terrible vlogs and I don't start
vlogging till I'm basically there and I
was like you know what I look you miss
my vlogs right now so today's going to
be a lit blog like so excited I also
want to show you the glow up that's
about to happen because as you can tell
I have no makeup on my hair is wet I
took shower I'm so excited to meet so
many of you guys at me and I have a meet
up together around 4:00 I think I feel
like I'm going to see a lot of friends
too that I haven't seen in a long time
like niki and gabi are going to be there
I was in the most a long time who helps
natalie is going to be there I haven't
seen her in a long time yeah so I'm
excited don't judge me but low-key
Ariane my second cup of coffee for today
oh and you I should be so proud of me I
got at my blog already this morning look
at this yo summer is over this hello
Shana papa
hello yay so go watch that if you
haven't yet oh my god also guys guys
guys guys guys
so I'm such a grandma and reason if you
didn't yesterday's vlog I ended up
passing going to so many parties because
I wanted to edit my video and go to a
Hans Zimmer concert
dude full orchestra just yeah I'm still
not over it oh my god
I get so many fields ah oh god okay Wow
I'm annoying oh you guys messed my
outfit for today well it's Loki I don't
really know exactly what I'm wearing I
have an idea what I'm wearing this is
too long let me shut up so close look so
cute right now good morning my little
nugget hi Clow love me why won't you
love me she's like mom you're so
annoying
are you guys ready for the glow up that
is about to happen also this is not a
fidget spinner this is the logo for
Bonnaroo it's Music Festival and I got
the check and I was there and it's so
funny because everyone legit thinks it's
a fidget Center and yes the glow op is
so real can we talk about that also I'm
not naked I swear I'm just trying this
sharpless it's real cute it this little
strapless shirt also I'm just going to
state it now maybe this is TMI but like
low-key you can see my spray tan like on
my arms no matter what way I hold my
camera so I'm just going to say it where
everyone starts commenting at hashtag
spray tan probs anyways I will show you
guys a full outfits one week we get
there but I went with a high ponytail
there like and I think my makeup let me
show you that is the mica gold smokey
eye door dad I ride around again Oh
Hollis um anyways we are getting ready
to go we might go to Mia's not sure
we're trying to figure out timing and
stuff she's not home right now but yes I
feel like I'm going to look naked this
entire vlog I'd be like hi I'm going to
be vlogging like this all day okay
just packing up getting everything
together I still think I'm early
honestly
Pokemon making sure my makeup looks good
oh no it's kind of streaky right there
but I can't tell if it's just this 19
that's gonna be icon Oh
don't say I don't know who were a
mistake a mistake don't hit me with it
I'm walking
Oh
sorry Rhonda way to go tuck in this is
our 22
I'd say linen
hi guys Gillian
what would a beauty pop shove me without
Alicia and beans together
guys this is Matty over going are going
to be huge one day like we're just
calling it subscribe eternal my channel
is Matthew Maxfield
I'm Kate and it's like then
boy
hey guys update my name so it's a bit
later as you can probably tell we are
currently headed to get some food I'm
very excited but really hungry the
convention was good the meetup was good
oh my gosh well I forget the last night
logs honestly I am so freakin hungry
we're going to get some futures we got
this is just obviously I'm back at my
house today was so much fun and I'm not
honestly not even sure what footage I
have I'm so sorry all over the place I
know I feel like I didn't vlog with
other youtubers at all when we were
there I think I only really vlog like to
meet up and stuff but primary - niki and
gabi so that was super fun seeing them
who else I ran into so much I feel like
I'm such a talker I like literally
talked to so many people my face looks
so red right now literally the second we
came home I take a shower getting comfy
clothes take off my makeup get in the
shower get on some comfy clothes and and
yeah cities as far as attendance walked
in here so much for watching and I will
see tomorrow
