as you guys can see we do have ourselves
some boxes here you know how things are
gonna be today show you this one now
this is a passion release from this
weekend and shout out to the homie Mike
for hooking me up with this for retail
these are the Pharrell human race I
honestly don't even know what to help
like the special name for these are but
I'm just gonna call these the creams
because they look cream it's uh one of
my favorite of the Pharrell sneakers but
let me know if you guys think I should
keep them clean like this or you think I
should add some flavor to them comment
down below anyway forgive me
hope you guys are having a fantastic day
it is a beautiful Wednesday out here in
Los Angeles California
now before I get into this stuff I did
have a couple days of you know vlogging
kind of for you guys and this vlog is
not gonna start out with an unboxing
just yet the first thing I want to do is
plug the channel we just hit nine
hundred and sixty thousand subscribers
baby we are one step closer to becoming
the hypebeast champion of the world
we're one step closer to 1 million
subscribers which means we are one step
closer to giving away I haven't told my
easy boxes 10 pairs of brand new Yeezys
oh yeah I forgot what's good where is it
that I'm gonna be doing a giveaway for
these right here the big ball of brand
size 10 I'm giving these away to enter
the giveaway for these sneakers right
here all you have to do is click the
link down below and it takes you to a
website where you can enter and if you
want more than one entry into the
contest all you got to do is follow me
on instagram and follow me on twitter
and if you already do then
congratulations you get more entries
into the contest to win this okay now
I'm gonna do a quick flashback for you
guys because I've had a pretty eventful
day I mean I've had a pretty eventful
week so I'm going to do a quick little
flashback from Monday
we're all just ended and they're taking
apart the ring and all that they're
leaving a Smackdown tomorrow at Staples
Center but I'm not sure if i'ma go yet
because I have a few meetings tomorrow
but it was a dope show obviously I don't
show too much of the show just because
WWE is pretty strict on their YouTube
policy with using their footage and
showing their matches so I'm trying to
get flagged you feel me but photo bet we
had now see you guys at the crib all
right so I had a lot of fun and I
actually did go to SmackDown too and how
I didn't film over there because your
boy went backstage for the first time
huge shout out to my friend Jason he
took me backstage and oh my god was it
an experience I was literally standing
next to some of the biggest wrestlers in
the WWE right now John Cena passed me by
AJ Styles The Miz Sasha banks like
everybody was just standing there and I
also went into the catering room where
everybody goes and eats over there and
they were just chilling there talking to
Essos everybody it was such a crazy
experience getting to be backstage and
seeing like the system and how they like
I can't even express to you guys how
excited I was like I know I'm like a
grown-ass man fangirling over WWE but
I've been a huge wrestling fan since I
was a kid so this was a an experience of
a lifetime but anyway yeah that was
pretty much what happened I don't really
have an update on the car situation the
only update is that I'm kind of okay
with what happened just because
everything happens for a reason
you
anyway got some packages so hit the
intro what's in the box
alright so this one is from footlocker
what is this gel light 180 oh so that's
the first thing I noticed right there is
a little 100 emoji I guess that's pretty
cool appreciative footlocker thank you
okay so mark my words at the end of the
year when I make my top 10 sneakers of
2018 list this shoe will 1050 % be on
that list
first of all BAM you see that you see
that little on let me you see that light
just glisten over that logo matte black
with the glossy wow I was unable to get
these for retail so your boy had to pay
that market price you know I'm saying
but it was a sneaker that I needed the
Kobe wine I don't want a diamond swirl
plus I feel like the world just ignores
us they tell me I turn to enormous this
is not just a performance shuttle to the
show where the shuttle screech I'm
living my dreams from the soul they want
to listen to show
tip on my shoulders hours brother my
focus do you just come a little closer
don't wanna die on the tour bus
the kobe one retro aka the pro trope
retro whatever they call it the
performance retro in the undefeated
camel kala way I'm so tempted to play
basketball in these but I know that I'm
gonna regret it if I mess them up
alright so that's my first pick up right
there my other pick up is a complete 360
because it's something that was kind of
high and it's from a different brand
adidas now I don't know if this one's
gonna be in my top 10 sneakers of the
year at the end of the year but it might
be it really just depends on what else
releases but I'm still very very very
excited to finally have a pair of these
we got ourselves a easy box right there
yes easy 500 in the blush color way so
the cool thing about this shoe is that
the midsole is actually from an old Kobe
basketball sneaker from when Kobe was
with adidas but yeah man this is the
latest Yeezy sneaker from adidas and I'm
just very very happy to have these I
cannot wait to freakin wear these I'm
throwing these on my feet tomorrow I
don't give a damn there's no boost in
here there is no boost at all like this
is just a straight-up rubber midsole
outsole from what I hear these are
absolutely super super comfortable me I
am so in love with I don't know what it
is there you guys have it got them on
feet I love them already guys these are
so freaking fire let me know what you
guys think I'm pretty sure you guys have
a lot of opinions on this particular
shoe this particularly easy but I mean
I'm very very happy that they are
finally releasing a new model of a Yeezy
rather than another v2 which I know
they're still gonna release some v2 s
but I think it's pretty dope that they
finally have given us something new and
with that being said let's have a quick
montage to all of the easies hit it
good morning guys it's currently
Thursday just woke up s-- 9 a.m. trying
this thing called waking up early the
main reason why I'm actually up early
and filming and adding on to the vlog is
not to make it 10 minutes long no that's
not the reason why
last night I was laying in bed and
actually every night I've been laying in
bed and just thinking this year I feel
like I've played it cool like I've just
been steady like I'm comfortable I'm
doing good but I could be doing way
better now do I want to make 2018 just
another year or do I want to make it one
of those years where at the end of the
year I look back at it and I say this
was the best year of my life I can make
one of those this was the best year of
my life YouTube videos that everybody
did in 2017 no I'm just no bitch to be
serious is it gonna be an amazing year
that like one of those life-changing
years and I really want it to be but
it's all it's my decision whether I let
let it be or whether I just you know let
it be average anytime I get a
notification it's from j23 I have his
app right now so shoutout to j23 go
download his app if you guys want to get
like notifications anything anytime
something restocks this isn't a paid ad
or anything he's just going ham like
really right now black Simon threes
restock on East Bay gold totes restock
on East Bay so yeah go download the j23
app it's not free but it's worth the
price it's like $2.99 or something
anyway like I was saying obviously this
year is gonna be the best year of my
life regardless if I have success in my
career just because I'm going to get
married with the girl of my dreams this
year like that's gonna be the biggest
thing to me but as far as my career goes
how can I make this yourself different
from all my past years on YouTube on all
my past years and just entertainment
generally in in all that stuff so I've
been just thinking and here's the first
step in order to have a healthy mind and
a clear mind to you know think right and
and live right is I gotta get back in
shape so your boy has been going to the
gym I have been eating healthier and I'm
gonna continue to do that for the next
30 days especially
because the next 30 days gives me 30
days to get ready for the next hoops
classic in the Bay Area my hometown Bay
Area I have two basketball games for the
sneaker con hoops classic one on
Saturday and one on Sunday so from me to
bring out the best that I can be I gotta
get in shape and bring out that Mambo
mentality so starting right now we are
in Q Mamba mode no more sleeping in
until 12:00
no more cheat meals no more BS we are
going hard and as far as all my other
ideas go and all the things that I've
got going on in my life that I'm trying
to put together I'm not gonna sit here
and list them for you guys because I
want you to see them as I make them
happen I don't want to be that guy who
says he's gonna do something and doesn't
do it from now on it's all about actions
no talk action so my main concern
honestly right now is to figure out
where the hell I'm going to be living
because my apartment lease ends in
exactly 26 days I have not gone to any
other places I have not tried to find a
new place to live yet I've just searched
on the internet but basically here's the
situation with that quick update
originally this was the year that mean
mean I wanted to move in together to get
our own house but after the wedding is
when we are gonna start the process for
that
in the meantime probably for the rest of
this year I need to find a place to live
so I'm gonna be looking for apartments
for the next couple months and I've
already told them I'm not living here
anymore because guys my apartment here
is 700 square feet so anyway yeah that's
just some of the stuff going on with me
in my life also I got the new Yeezys if
you didn't know
thumbnail this is the month where I
decide whether the 2018 is going to be
another amazing year in my career this
is the month this is the month so for
the month of March let's see what dreams
we can make come true and I want you
guys to make a list of all your goals
for this month don't share it with
anyone keep it to yourself and with all
this being said I'm sorry about the
extra few minutes of me talking but I
really really just wanted to get this
off my chest because it's early I'm
ready to grind I'm ready to work hard
I'm ready to make things happen
I dream cool family I'm out of here I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another video
peace
but were we
we
you
