what's going on my family so today I'm
gonna be doing something a little bit
different basically it's still gonna be
kind of like a vlog cuz like we did
stuff but for the main part of this
video I'm gonna be showing you guys
obviously because you see the title all
of my clothing like hypebeast clothing
stuff from supreme to off-white to like
Gucci to like anything that's hype I'm
gonna show you guys all of the clothing
only not the sneakers not the
accessories we're just gonna stick to
the clothing the reason why I'm making
this is actually I've been wanting to do
it for awhile but like it always just
it's like one of those videos where it's
like oh I'll do it later I'll do it
later but my homie Blake wind just did
his same exact video and basically he
said that I should do it and he kind of
it's not really like a challenge I guess
instead of just him doing it other
people do it so that it spreads out and
becomes a thing on YouTube I guess shout
out to Blake he's killing over there on
his channel I'm just gonna give you guys
a quick preview of what is in store in
case you don't know what type of
clothing I have you're gonna see stuff
like you know all over print Gucci
sweatpants guess ASAP Rocky right there
got this from Mac Park one of my
favorite pickups ever the supreme LV Box
logo I mean the quality is kind of like
you know I'm saying is this it's not
that great I got it for two K and now
it's going for like four K so I guess I
got a first steal so yeah that's just
three of the items I'm gonna be showing
you I'm probably gonna show you guys
about a hundred maybe a little less than
a hundred items but before we get into
the clothing a quick flash back to
yesterday cuz I was actually with Meena
and we talked about the women's Jourdan
line so quickly let's go see what
happened with her let's show Meena got
some sneakers off Nike and she's
debating on keeping them this is the
Jordan one from the Jordan women's
collection you know they released them
in like how many Chloe's like 20
not 20 if I like a lot this is the David
got cake skull away this is the Tiffany
colorway I think they're actually pretty
nice in person I like that bottom what
do you think on feet they look sick I
like them
one thing that Mina kind of pointed out
which I actually I know it's true too is
that they don't make the shoes the same
as far as the fit like obviously it's a
woman shoot so they make it tailored to
a woman's foot which is generally
slimmer than a man's foot I guess Mina
who's had a few pairs of Jordans in
men's sizes she gets a men's size 7
she's used to how those fit so when she
got a woman's Jordan one it fits
different so she's not used to it but
for me personally I like men's shoes in
our size not men's shoes with the
woman's twist in our size I get what you
mean but I still dope they're still
doing really great great things over
there at Jordan Brandon I'm excited for
all-star weekend because bra I'm telling
y'all like every day I'm getting emails
about new things so it's gonna be a lot
going on plus one alert plus way yeah
she's my cameraman for the weekend sorry
Chris alright guys so comment down below
what you guys think of the women
Jordan's line let me know some of your
opinions for the for the females out
there and let us know what you think
about that but let's go ahead and get it
started for the people who are waiting
to see my clothing first thing I want to
show you is something that's probably
gonna be burned soon yeah anyway this
closet right here is where I keep most
of my coach and also I was thinking
about doing this video in categories
like a whole off-white category and then
a whole Gucci category a whole Cyprian
category but I'm kind of just gonna go
with it mix it all in together based on
where stuff is located so like my coats
they're all gonna go here so the first
one I'm gonna show you guys is this
Montclair off-white collab windbreaker
jacket I personally love windbreakers
and this probably was my best purchase
last year you've got the off white
stripes on one sleeve and then you've
got montclair just written out on the
other sleeve and then on the back you've
got the signature off-white X it's all
3m so windbreaker jacket
like this was freakin a clutch pickup I
got this from Vegas I don't know if if
ovo is really considered like hyped but
this is the ovo Canada Goose jacket
right here ovo right there super subtle
so there's not like a big owl on it
that's what I like about it is like if
you know you know we got an off-white
jacket right here this is an off-white
like this is like a classy jacket right
here I think I got this on sale for like
1,300 originally it was 1800 it's
definitely one of those that you got to
bust out on certain occasions you can't
wear this all the time the cuff is sick
it's like glittery with like gold piping
on there so that's pretty dope okay this
is another ovo jacket and I've never
shown this on camera this was gifted to
me from a very very close friend who is
part of ovo friends and family
October's very own some are 16 tour
letterman jacket now you only got this
if you were a friend and family on the
tour so there's no way of purchasing it
this is actually a Roots brand so this
is actually like a name-brand collab
that they made for them all of Driggs
albums right there 2016 right there
summer 16 looking for revenge and then
on this one it's got the Canada USA flag
ovo sound like nobody has this nobody
has this and I'm never selling this
we've got this orange one right here
it's got like the vibe of a race car
flag cause it's like a orange checkered
one got the supreme written on the
sleeve that very very popular Obama half
zip right here every time I wear this I
get so many compliments because people
who don't even mess with supreme when
they see Obama's face it's like I love a
deal it's like you don't expect it you
know so that's pretty dope I get a lot
of love on that one we're actually gonna
move to where we gonna move to oh let me
show you some of this stuff in the
kitchen before we go to the bedroom
oh also we got the supreme matte in
there you know I'm saying in the laundry
detergent
unfortunately the laundry detergent is
not supreme but hopefully that they
release the supreme detergent in the
summertime that would be pretty lit okay
so as you guys can see there's a whole
bunch of clothing and sneaker stacked up
right here in my kitchen and there's a
lot of hype dope stuff in here but I'm
not gonna show you guys this stuff
because I'm honestly gonna be selling
this stuff very very soon I'm not gonna
tell you guys who I'm selling it to but
I'm selling it to another youtuber so
all this stuff
is going to one youtuber later this week
that's gonna be a completely different
video so stay tuned for that but anyway
we're gonna do another flashback right
now because your boy went to the gym
this morning so we're just gonna do a
very quick flashback this gym
yo what's good was who she Junko family
boy out here at the gym right now
waiting on watch us you know he's always
late you know I'm saying he's always
trying to avoid the gym but your boy be
trying to push him the diet has already
started diet starts tomorrow slogan is
dead we're not using that ever ever
again but the main reason why I'm trying
to get back in shape is obviously
because you know it's wedding season for
the boy we're having our wedding this
year so your boy wants to look nice and
his tux I don't want to look like a
penguin and on top of that we have a
huge huge Niekerk on hoops classic
coming up March 31st hashtag the
comeback of q hashtag be ready you're
gonna have the first ever dream crew
hoops classic at sneaker Conn Bay Area
so yeah I'm just waiting for a while G
to pull up and we're gonna you know do
some cardio do some basketball drills
make these goals happen man damn there
he is the late I heard you cheated for
Super Bowl Sunday awesome guys are going
on there's no chubby game and I did see
Super Bowl Sunday nice had a pizza but
it's oh no I did it okay
I mean Papa John's crush is so good
that's it you know that's you said are
you invested Papa John you gotta get
cross
hey there welcome to my closet alright
guys so now I'm in my bedroom closet and
you're probably noticing that I'm
wearing a babe shark hoodie but I don't
have the actual Bay puddi on that's
because this piece right here is like a
I don't know if you'd consider it a
facemask you know I'm saying I could
take it off I can literally just take it
off and wear it with anything this is a
recent release you got the wgm world
gone mad so this is actually really cool
this is good for if you live on the East
Coast because of the wintertime I know I
said I wasn't gonna show accessories but
I'll show you guys a few of the like the
supreme stuff I have I guess the shootin
sleeve when I'm hoping you know I'm
saying still need the black ones I
haven't been able to find those supreme
3m yellow camo headband red camo 3m
headband shout out to the homie who gave
me this off-white facemask and then the
babe facemask supreme LV glasses look
chillness to you guys a million times my
LV supreme belt I beat the hell out of
this one I love it though goyard bandana
LV supreme bandana - I don't know why I
bought this but actually a little key it
looks pretty dope because I wore it on
court right before I proposed so yeah
this is pretty late right here the black
one this is from the past season supreme
right there black furry keeps your boy
warm when he goes to the east coast
these right here or heaters bra the
Gucci pants with the snake on the side
these are so hard to find people have
been looking for these and they can't
find them anywhere I don't even think
these released in America I got to give
a huge shout out to my homie out in Hong
Kong he hooked me up with these shoutout
to tarik but unfortunately they are so
baggy so I need to get them fitted i've
got offered like two grand for these and
i said no because i loved you so much
jordan just daun shorts right here this
is the dope collection they released i
don't think i've even worn these yet
yeah i still got the tag on there Jordan
just dawn Michigan shorts love this
colorway savoy also got the shorts with
the snakes on it I got this one from
Gucci in Australia for the summertime
I'm gonna get them tailored so they fit
me properly and the snakes are coming
out in the summertime just be ready
jerseys aren't really hyped anymore but
I do have some dope jerseys like this is
Michael Jordan number 12 Jersey a lot of
people don't know that Michael Jordan
did wear number 12 for one game because
his jersey got stolen so they had to
give him a blank Jersey and it was in
number 12
KD rookie Jersey with the Seattle
SuperSonics fun fact I went to the
SuperSonics very last game it was versus
the Warriors in or Killeen arena and KD
was obviously playing so I got to watch
the SuperSonics last game before they
transferred to the okay see this is a
Grail right here I got this from round 2
this is a gold Michael Jordan vintage
champion Jersey I haven't worried yeah
Drake wore this in I forgot me what
music video it was but he didn't really
hype it up but he reminded people that
this existed so once I saw the DAT round
two I was like Brian need that I think I
only paid like a hundred bucks so this
one's pretty sick right here the Paris
tee obviously it's a guild in the vape
adidas track Jack I think I paid like
five hundred for this one which is a
little pricey but like come on like
that's this is fire I don't know if
Keith is really hyped up like that but I
like this one because it's like white
stripes on one side and then red stripes
on the other going up here we got three
of my all-time or four of my all-time
favorite Kayne shirts now this is before
the Pablo hype and this was when the
merch was so so fired this one is from
one of the tours right here I think I
got this in San Jose Jesus in white
right here it's kind of hard to see cuz
it's a cream shirt I wish these still
fit me
hopefully I've been in the gym as you
just saw so hopefully you know your boy
can fit in these soon this is another
one I think I got this from the Los
Angeles show from the easiest tour it's
got all the cities on the back this is
the Las Vegas exclusive shirt right here
people I had three of these I sold two
of them for retail and now they go for
like five hundred I definitely regret it
this one is so sick on the back look at
that bra Las Vegas Jesus and then the
last one is just that black tie-dye
green Grim Reaper Jesus and this is the
international one I got a few Kayne gems
I have a few more in this box up here
but these ones are like in zip blocks
and put away so I'm not gonna go through
those supreme patch hoodie this is when
I wear this I get so many compliments I
really really like this one
got the off-white camel right here the
off-white champion hoodie man I love
this one black on black you got
the black stripes on the sleeve very
very dope you've got those heavy ass
Aglets right there on the back the black
on black X logo the supreme hockey
jersey kinda reminds me of a Gucci
colorway supreme yellow t-shirt I got
this in the mystery box a camel babe
shirt right here another one of those
hooded hockey jerseys this one's in it's
like I don't know like a lime green and
navy blue colorway Brown camo digital
camo long-sleeve supreme tee got that
out in Paris as well as this vest right
here the supreme vest I would never wear
this like this I would only wear it with
the black side because it is reversible
I know Travis Scott merges I guess it's
not hype but I do love Travis contractor
like he has the best designs in the
merch game right now
oh the champion babe football jersey I
love this right here bro I love it like
they killed it with this collab more
champion supreme right here it says
supreme over the hood with the logo so
it's super super simple we've got a baby
shark hoodie now the difference between
this and every other baby shark hoodie
is this one is a pullover not a zip up
which I like because I like pullovers
more than zip ups nice little white
Gucci shirt you know I'm saying I don't
really wear this one that much I don't
really like white t-shirts I'm saying
black makes me look slimmer again kid
isn't that hyped but we got the
coca-cola kid collab right here with
Ronnie fig I got the wrong size I got a
2x I should have got an XL cuz this
thing is huge that's why I've never worn
it one of my favorite babe tees right
here this is the Big Sean babe complex
con exclusive complex con a bathing a
Big Sean if you guys don't know I'm a
huge Big Sean fan so I had to get that
one I got that one from round two this
is a babe like dress up shirt like a
short sleeve I haven't worn it yet I'm
saving it for the right occasion let's
just say Valentine's Day is around the
corner
I might have to throw this on we got the
Alexander Wang adidas soccer jersey long
sleeve michael jackson supreme short
sleeve bind up I love this piece man
I've only worn it once because I'm so
scared because it's white killed it with
the Mike Jackson on the back
super super dope shout out to my boy
Phil he hooked me up for retail on this
off-white Nike shirt this was I believe
the first collab that Virgil did with
Nike you've got like the multiple flags
that are layered the weird placement of
the swoosh around the neck
on the front and then on the back you've
got the signature X this one is a XL and
it has shrunk a little bit that's why
you don't really see me wearing it but
again you boys been in the gym we've got
that off off white I'm too bright now
I'm mixing everything up
I've been iffy about selling this one
just because I haven't worn it and I've
had it for a few months
I really like the colorway though and I
love it I love the item I just I don't
know just it's it's a hard item to wear
this is my one of one complex con
exclusive off white t-shirt you know
that I waited in line for like 15 hours
just to custom make my own off white
t-shirt as you guys can see I did like
an off-white print on the front I
honestly don't know who the hell this is
but I did this picture and then it says
I guys promised to not resell this shirt
I was like you know what I waited 15
hours I don't want to just have one
shirt so I actually told the guy can I
print on both sides and they let me and
by the way this is an off-white champion
shirt too so that's pretty lit one side
is that and then the other side I just
put the off-white merica me logo got
myself two shirts in one got the supreme
nas t-shirt right there we got another
ASAP Rocky guest t-shirt more Travis
Scott Marsh like I don't know if you
guys really mess with Travis Scott merch
but this is from the chainsaw massacre
massacre collection my box logo black
with the lime green box logo I love it
man this is one of my favorite purchases
last year right before the year ended I
picked it up Yeezy season Calabasas
don't know why the hell I bought this
I'm gonna sell this actually get rid of
that supreme jump man collab this is the
white I'm gonna call this the doctor
jacket cuz it looks like a laboratory
jacket you know I'm saying shout to
Dexter on the backs of cream Jumpman
supreme Nike pants these were made when
they dropped the Foamposites got some
babe basic camo babe shorts these ones
actually glowing the dork oh we got a
big boy we got a big light in here sorry
now I'm gonna show you guys my Grail
wrath but before I show you the grill
rack we got one more flashback to going
to mag park earlier today me and why'd
you strap it up that sounded weird and
we went to mag park real quick to visit
Mickey so flash back to back Park really
really quick and then we'll check back
at my last last rack of all my heat in
the collection just
the Burbank let's pull up on Mickey one
time you ready
memories here memories there Harry's
right you still owe me your shoe fit
did you know your shoe I swear oh my god
guys I walk in and they asked me where
the supreme hoodie is guys the one Mena
got me bro I said I sold it yeah
brothers I brought it to put it on
consignment waverunners yeah and this is
base size right here but you don't like
these I always be with it surprisingly I
have way more store credit than I
expected
this is flyer you know this is so flyer
am I ready for 4th of July or what where
am I gonna use this you don't say they
don't I don't need this in LA all right
guys so now we are gonna finish off the
collection with this rack right here so
this rack right here today this rack
right here I call the grill rack because
it's got all my newest and hottest items
that I've purchased this is the new
off-white t-shirt from the newest
collection has got these dope like
caution tape stripes right here I like
this new thing that off-white is doing
on their clothing they've got like this
rubber label on here so this is never
gonna come off on the back we've got the
X but then again it's like in the
caution tape writing it comes with like
this long-ass string on the inside like
right where the tag is another one from
the new off-white collection is the Mona
Lisa t-shirt thing I've got some ketchup
on her face again you've got that long
string for no reason on the inside they
killed it with the Mona Lisa T I'm still
looking for the hoodie another pickup
from max field is this new Yeezy season
5 windbreaker jacket when I saw this I
was like bruh I need this sizing is
weird because surprisingly I'm a medium
like bro when did when can I ever say
I'm a medium you know I'm saying another
one from the new off-white collection
this is the off white plaid hoodie see
the hoodie is blue plaid with yellow and
then the body is just that famous like
winter Christmasy print it's pretty cool
cuz it says white right there yeah this
one was kind of pricey though it was
like 700 but I mean obviously it's like
a layering piece so it's good it's good
for LA because it's not like super super
cold and it will keep you warm Jordan
isn't really hyped when it comes to
their clothing but this one I had to get
this one from undefeated Nike Air
branding with the jump man this
nice little windbreaker another jump man
right here this is the jordan jump man
Levi's collab jacket they killed it with
this another off white piece this one is
from the champion collection as you can
see this is the blue colorway still got
the tags on this one I haven't wore this
one yet so it fits a little small for
some reason compared to my other offer
but you boys in the gym so be ready cuz
I'm gonna wear this one soon I got my
dream crew 3m masks right here coming
out very very soon collab with private
label we got two of them right here
let's just say if this vlog gets a lot
of thumbs up we might have to give one
away I don't know maybe we'll see 30,000
thumbs up make it happen this one right
here is my favorite pick up like of 2018
thus far I know it's only been a month
but these pants right here these
sweatpants right here the off-white with
the freaking signature stripe down the
side oh my god and guess what your boy
fits in a medium you could wear this
with any off-white Nike and it's gonna
look so fire in pictures because you
just got the stripe going down and you
got the shoe at the bottom obviously so
got these from Barneys I think for five
hundred dollars which is pricey for
sweatpants but I mean it's off-white so
what am i oh hold on let me show you
calabasas pants right there one of my
most expensive jackets right here this
is it looks like just a regular camo
jacket but this is an LV supreme camo
jacket if you look very closely you can
see obviously the LV patch right there
but you can see the LV supreme print in
the camel which it's so hard to see it
and you see it on the camera yeah it
says supreme right there alright you
guys know I already own this I've talked
about it so much I've worn so much I've
taken like 10 Instagram pictures with it
I got this for retail on Supremes
website so your voice up a W on this and
this is my most recent pick up from
supreme it's actually it's an old item
but I got this from my homies over at
the fixed cakes this is another supreme
North Face jacket but this one is the
Leaves jacket right here this is a
dope-ass parka I haven't worn it yet but
I'm gonna be wearing this very very soon
let me know which one you guys like more
you like the winter vibe or you like the
fall time another easy season five
jacket I really really regret buying
this because it fits so weird
we got the Gucci windbreaker jacket as
well I got this one
in London we got another supreme box
logo this is from the most recent drop
this is the green with the orange box
logo shout out to the homie Samir for
hooking me up for this one okay now the
last item I'm going to show you guys is
the one that I've kind of like made my
thing over the last few months and
that's the cheetah print
Everlast supreme boxing robe now if I
ever do a youtube boxing battle like que
si did and Joe Weller I'm gonna be
wearing this one right here took this
all over Europe with me I was wearing it
in front of the Eiffel Tower in
Amsterdam in London everywhere I threw
it on for the picture I think I'm gonna
have to retire it you know I'm saying
but there's always the red one so I need
to get the red one soon because yeah the
cheater one's kind of getting played out
alright so that's pretty much all my
height piece he's gotta put that in we
need more lighting I guess if you guys
did enjoy this video make sure you guys
smash that thumbs up button if you are
new here make sure you guys subscribe
and join the crew because we are very
close to 1 million subscribers and yeah
that's pretty much it so I'm out of here
