what's good everyone your boy out here
in Sydney Australia beautiful view not
really just buildings but we are about
to leave and I feel like my outfit right
now is super super lit I got the dream
crew denim jacket this jacket comes out
on the second Friday of September as
part of the every Friday online drop for
the 10 year anniversary of the dream
crew YouTube journey but anyway check
out the jacket okay so it's got the
dream crew right there the reason why I
think this jacket is so I mean this
outfit is so it is because I'm finally
wearing my supreme LP box logo you know
g-star jeans as always easy Zahn and
Mena over here and her flannel and your
boy got the supreme I got the supreme
morphine in my pocket so that's extra
lid go see what our neighbors are up to
hey there bud marble you know when like
today and got the Nike old-school
windbreaker these are sold out every no
I don't pay retail for anything I'm a
retailer myself yeah it's a five bro
jacket on sale second weekend of
September only a hundred me show them
the back show them the back of the
jacket cuz I insure the back of the
jacket first-ever denim jacket and this
is a special wash custom wash I'm
telling you guys we don't just buy blank
products and print on them on them
except the champion short cuz that's a
champion product so the best short you
can get in the game you know I'm saying
all right guys so I'm not gonna bore you
guys with us just walking around
figuring out what we're gonna do because
you know we're like on our phone so yeah
what we're gonna do but basically I want
to take you guys back to Hong Kong
because I actually got the homie Tariq
sneaker collection he's the older
brother of the little homie who was
showing his supreme LV collection in
yesterday's video I thought I would save
his sneaker collection for today's video
so I'm gonna show you guys that he's
pretty new to the sneaker game about a
year or two in but and still has some
gems in his collection so let's go ahead
and switch over to Hong Kong and then
we'll come back over here to Australia
and figure out hopefully we have
something to do by then so yeah let's
check this out right now
just like the sneaker collection right
here okay here we go
grand opening Wow
all right Hong Kong's biggest hike beast
is gonna show you his a high piece
sneaker niggas collection go ahead
basically this middle like closing here
the share collection between me and my
dad same size so basically here I got a
lot of boost as you can see basically I
got these two peas as you can see here
but it's kind of a twist to it because
these are actually the samples of the
promo exclusives it's like tagless
nothing in in there at all and it's a
black heel where the ones that were
given to the players were like yellow
you'll have so big difference so these
are also pretty crazy and they're both
in the u.s. 10 which is probably the
most hottest size to get so yeah shout
out ice walking fireman initially is the
only ultra boost I really like just a
1.08 classics like the only use I really
were have another pair but this is like
the one that came exclusive from free
costume so Charlotte's is up to you so
holding there's a custom Python skin aj
ones and have these very easy to solist
I worked out yesterday first Nicole just
has to Christ Nicole's back in end of
2015 I was just getting it the shoes and
I got this customized custom Spitz like
you see here barely worn size in half so
you know it's pretty small here you got
some Justin's from the LA Papa shouts my
dad for picking it off for me train
appease us ap pretty where so I got
these from so I like shout out to them
they have a really nice booth yesterday
full of dunks crazy and then here we got
some like mix shoes to go doctor loves
probably beating up we got a sample here
like a sample SNS from ice walking fire
like two three two years ago almost two
years ago now it's a sample inside and
this apparently this is one of the test
samples for the SNS supposedly I don't
even know hopping on to a new weight you
know I mean so we gotta get these silver
bullets gold bullets now we're moving on
to boxes to the more exclusive stuff so
it's not anything off I got this I've
introduced after the price went up as
you can see you got some flaws to it
because I wanted quite a bit boy the
only ultra boost that sticks out for me
because it's just just an uncaged more
comfortable and just like super high
nice kick step off the retail price went
up on these like mad one is a couple
I'm gonna sell them soon because I don't
really wear any visiting friends and
family issue here done that stop
condition which is the pitch-black
enemies it was kind of amazing to be
honest won a 500 now I got this sauce
another ultra boost here I saw box they
actually beaten up a bit I've clean
these a couple times really nice you
again uncaged a very special to me so
like only to one of the two on cages
that I actually wear the rest are just
like pretty ugly to me I got probably
one of the most expensive ultra boost in
the market now which is the burgundy
it's got these off goat for I think 800
a while back the hill drives but you
know price still went up I like these a
lot
wanted to wear them yesterday I was like
you know I'm gonna meet the crew and a
bunch of other people so why not sex on
Hong Kong a bit you know yeah I got this
one as you can tell there Force One
we're knowing me you know I'm all about
the hype so probably guessed it
you know forces honestly a really nice
shoe but it kind of sucks what happened
to Bari
but you know I still like video because
of Edison Chen and I think this shoe is
really sick sadly they liking it via LAN
part of their way it's probably most
exclusive shoe here it's just a regular
Jordan box as you can see here boy
behind it this is actually a sign fair
which is for Michael John himself
my personal pair all these once when I
met him and I got these signed by him
two shots him also shout-out to our we
call Ethan from Brisbane and a couple
guys Sian shudders I and helping me with
my homework and eat it for busy man
will you be going to Breezy class I have
no idea what Brizzy is president
Brisbane yeah oh no we're not gonna
Brisbane right for you guys I got these
uh oh gee Tandang for carne collabs you
actually got the babe ones as well would
you kind of be insane healed really
where we where our kicks out here you
know this is probably the most valuable
one because I think so my favorite easy
of all time I want to see the quality on
issues are mad some reason need a matte
light on my opinion they're the shoes
ready to go wear them sooner or later
oh so all of a sudden I'm alright guys
so as you can hear oh my god like what's
going on so we came to the zoo
so we're going to be going for the zoo
we're gonna be going through the zoo for
the next hour all the animals and sweet
frickin cotton tree insurance give
nobody shirts what are you gonna be
popping ecologist is a long title for
today I did all sure you know clickbait
the skies here I'm telling you guys man
it's always better isn't nationally
skies are motivating man
we just rode the ferry going back
the other side to where all the shops
and all that stuff is so now we are
gonna go probably grab yo alright guys
so we are walking now and is getting
pretty late but we're gonna take Tony
somewhere to do something now you guys
watched yesterday's vlog and you saw me
and imma do it yesterday so we're gonna
take Tony to go do it too but he doesn't
know what it is
so he's low-key stressing I didn't want
to come here now what is it I want to
come here you got a buck on us yeah
Tony's I've already chicken it now I'm
not gonna prepare myself I wouldn't cry
we didn't prepare ourselves we just
looked up and we're like yo let's do
this I've been that that's what helped
you open a street it's right there who
cares we all did that we all did it look
at it look at it look at it look at it
where'd you thinking where'd you make it
to I finished your life first time I
fell show the video Tony D - uh back at
it like a crack addict but hey boy
taking so long to get up that ladder
yeah
try number two becoming the light and
the ladder like you do for the
championship
you got it one more go one more time one
more time one more time one more time
Freddie got hit loopy believe in
yourself no needles it's blood stuff oh
here we go
I respect you attempting is slipping
much I respect that he did it three
times I respect that you won't do it
again if I didn't have this shirt on
right now I would go alright guys so
it's currently two forty nine a-m now
I've been kind of slacking on uploading
at an accurate time just because of the
time difference I'm getting this vlog up
for you guys at a good time because I've
been staying up all night or I slept
actually really early I felt like at 7
p.m. I woke up at like midnight and I
started editing today is actually the
August 31st for me for my people back in
America it's obvious 30th so I'm a day
ahead but I just wanted to say that
there's something important that I need
to talk to you guys about before I end
the vlog as you guys may or may not know
there has been a massive flood in Texas
I just have been seeing it all over
social media I was in Houston like two
weeks ago for the tour and everything
was fine and it's crazy to see all these
pictures and social media and all this
information going around the floods and
how things are damaged and people are
losing their home and they basically
have been left with nothing so I feel
like you know I always say how much I
love Texas and how I when I go there I
feel like I'm at home and how beautiful
the skies are there and all that stuff
so I wanted to help out and I really
didn't want to just you know give my
money to a random charity and never know
what's gonna happen with it so my homies
actually who-who were filming for me in
Texas bros God Souls they started a
GoFundMe basically they are going to
take the money from the GoFundMe and
make sure that it gets in the hands of
people who need it out there in Texas in
Houston
because they are located in Houston
you're not gonna just be donating your
money and then never knowing what
happened with it you're gonna donate
your money and then my homies broke out
souls I will be talking to them to find
out you know who got the money
where did they donate it who have they
helped out so it won't just vanish into
thin air so if you guys can if you want
to donate please donate I will put the
link down below anything you guys can
donate would be appreciated now I know
one person donating a dollar or five
bucks doesn't seem like a lot but this
vlog is probably gonna get over a
hundred thousand views maybe like 10% of
you guys donate five dollars it could
equal the goal of $5,000 I don't know
that I don't know the exact math that
was probably wrong but I'm just saying
like you might think that five dollars
won't help but it really will if it all
stacks up and a lot of you guys do it as
a crew I don't ask you guys for too much
but this would definitely help out
people who really need this money
you know we're quick to spend $200 on a
pair of shoes that just sit in our room
and we only wear them like once a while
but why not spend a couple dollars on
someone who would definitely use that
money for something they need so I'm
gonna be really disappointed if we do
not reach this goal because people are
always saying on Twitter and stuff like
that they use social media to make it
seem like they care but they really
don't take action so this is our
opportunity to actually take action and
help out a cause and this might be the
first of many charity fundraisers that
we do together as a crew so let's go
ahead and donate man please hit the link
in the description box down below other
than that this is my last night here in
Sydney in a few hours and we will be
waking back up oh I'm probably not gonna
sleep but we will be waking up to catch
a flight to Melbourne because Mel Bourne
is where sneaker con is this Saturday so
if you're in Melbourne make sure you
guys come up to sneaker con it is the
first-ever sneaker con in Australia as
you know my tour is still going on it
will be going on all the way to October
once I get back to America after this
weekend we will have the LA and the Los
biggest pop up shops at Mack Park in
urban necessities next weekend September
9th and September 10th I'm still going
to be doing the online drops every
single Friday starting this Friday on
dream crew comp so make sure you guys if
you want to get your merch that will be
available this Friday but I honestly
advise you guys to use your money this
week to donate it to charity
the merch is it's it's something that
people want but at the end of the day
helping other people is what's really
important yeah I'll probably be showing
you guys pictures of the online drop for
this week which is the retro week on my
twitter so follow me on twitter that's
pretty much all the information i wanted
to give to you guys I will see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog on Warren I'm
coming
