Australia Sydney alright guys so we are
currently in Australia Sydney your boys
in the building hello mate la la 1415 to
all of you a 42 west wall of you wallaby
way got a new guest in the building and
the first stop we had to come was
McDonald's you feel me because we all
you're just trying to eat in live life
you don't say they wouldn't understand
they would understand but anyway we're
gonna explore today gonna check out the
vibes of Sydney cuz we're here for about
three days and then we go to Melbourne's
sneaker con is in Melbourne this weekend
and yeah it's gonna be pretty late you
ready my man alright tell the world who
you are so hey guys this is Tyrell here
I would like to be showing you a supreme
collection
very nice how many hoodies do you have
in the collection hoodies in collection
this is a OB scarf how many shoes do you
have
oh three t-shirts this is the supreme
bandana camel supreme at you take that
to school yeah
really and you got two of the backpack
so LV jacket supreme belt you got four
belts alright so what would you say is
your favorite item from the whole
collection the trunk yeah what about the
glasses you forgot the glasses bro you
gotta put the put the glasses on one
time for the people and tell them to
follow you
hi guys as you can see we are out here
at the Opera Museum right
it says Museum on Google but yeah man
I'm looking and of tired because of the
you know yet we all had long plane rides
it's our first day out here Tony and bol
I think just got here they just got to
their Airbnb so we'll probably see them
later I don't know if we're gonna be
doing any sneaker stuff today but you
guys already saw the crazy LV collection
that I probably showed you in the
beginning of this video you really don't
have anything on the agenda for today
I guess just kind of chill and check out
Sydney and enjoy it man first time out
here we're actually walking on the upper
level area praying for all my people out
in h-town right now cuz there's floods
it's not just Houston ok all of Texas
all of Texas if you guys are watching
this stay strong I got so much love for
you guys I was just there like two weeks
ago and now it's all flooded up man so
it's crap you are you guys so we're just
walking here and we see this thing right
here you'd swing from there to there
meat off that are gonna do it and I'm
gonna see if I can get farther than him
at VidCon we did the Ninja Warrior thing
and I did better than document so let's
see if I do better than him now
oh you go get one more time
there you go
Taiki go down a little bit just move on
yeah like that
get it straight up first yeah yeah yeah
good job good job
how do you feel good it's all about the
momentum I honestly didn't think I was
gonna make it past the second Swing but
I kept going my arms are burning right
now and yeah that was actually pretty
fun let's just say I'm always for that
give us the whole obstacle course look
II don't think yeah it was a good time
man good time they won out here in
Sydney has been pretty chill we're
headed back to the hotel now because we
are exhausted we all flew in this
morning go get some rest might link up
later for some dinner or something like
that but for the most part I think we're
calling it a night here remember guys
all of a sudden the tour is still going
on although we're not going back to back
to back to back cities like we did a
week ago the tour is still continuing
from now all the way until the end of
October and the next stop is in
Melbourne this Saturday for sneaker con
let's get it boys Saturday melt more
sneaker con and then after that is next
weekend in LA and in Vegas so the grand
opening of Mac Park OC we will be doing
the mat the dream crew all of a sudden
tour pop up presented by crowd protect
we're gonna have the stand socks the
carpet echo lab merch all that good
stuff it's gonna be absolutely lit and
then literally the next day on September
10th will be Las Vegas at urban
necessities with my man's JC and you
never know who's gonna pop up you know
because we are in Vegas you know what
I'm saying and then other than that you
know the rest of the tour dates are
available there's something else I
wanted to update you guys on right now
but I can
think of it oh that's what it was okay
September starts this Friday right
Friday is the first ok so everyone's
been asking when you dropping merch
online when you're dropping merch online
starting this Friday every single Friday
for the month of September we will be
having a online merch drop exclusive to
joon-kook calm the merch will not be the
tour merge the tour merch is exclusive
to the tour the merch that we release
every single Friday is exclusive to
dream crew calm and that merch will be
available only for that week so week one
will have a theme we too will have a
theme week three will have a theme and
it will be very limited but there will
be multiple items for sale every single
week so it will be worldwide shipping
all that good stuff it's gonna be
absolutely lit should we tell them what
week one is just so they can get their
pocketbooks ready just like all good
Jordans you got a retro then that's all
I'm gonna say so week one online drop
dream crew calm this Friday you heard it
here first it's gonna be absolutely late
that's gonna wrap up the vlog if I kicks
any last words see you guys in the one
sticker come tomorrow to be another
crazy day and stay tuned stay tuned you
never know what's gonna happen
