first ever sneak a con in Hong Kong oh
my god where's your March it's coming
we're about to go set up right now all
right so we pulled up to sneaker Con
within the first few minutes of getting
here it's been super crazy like can't
even walk around like everyone's just
been showing so much love it's been
crazy but we're setting up right now and
getting things poppin it's such a
different vibe here it's a lot quieter
like just kind of how it was in London
is this is the first time is that your
cons ever been here so people don't
really know how to act I guess or
there's just a way quieter than
Americans I guess I don't know what it
is but I'm excited to set everything up
get things started and have a great day
man shout out to paperboy - its fired
breakfast coming soon oh yeah yeah so
I'm gonna try to look around see if I'd
want to cop anything before the mayhem
starts and look over here at this
supreme stuff think about the pants the
jersey which size is this this looks too
small
what sort of a good can I see these yeah
he got the off-white Jordan ones this is
my first time seeing these in person I
mean it's amazing right first of all he
warm we wear our sneakers the air on the
side you know the flaps on the wings it
just looks like it's a shoe that's like
mid production like the unfinished right
here you can see the foam on the inside
the foam on the inside right there the
nike air off-center right there and he's
got like all the laces I cannot wait to
have these I will I'm going to pay good
money if these go for a crazy amount I
will pay that money that happens cuz I'm
a huge Jordan one fan and it besides the
fact this like look at all this like
yeah hurry display like you never see a
crazy curry display those well yeah
those ones up let me show these ones are
freaking sick over here you know what
we're just gonna do a beer old shot
right now only what it takes
so staying on the plan I was ready I got
your attention I wanna be one of the
greatest bargain with strangers a
Pakistani on a minion danger I have no
regret that's a real game-changer
finally know what I'm doing Hong Kong
has had the best sneakers I've ever seen
at a sneaker call you back that up I
have seen crazy PDS these right here I
want those I have been on the hunt for
these I want these I need to find out
how much they want for those I really
want this this table right here is
insane every role usually there's one
table that has something there's like
five or six that have crazy stuff not
yet I haven't got Ivan I don't know sir
Danielle this okay and then another
crazy thing so as you guys know I caught
I copped the Jordan a Kobe I didn't get
the Jordan three this pair right here is
the exact Jordan three that was in that
pack my man over there where's he at
right there my man right there he's the
owner of the three in that pack so he
didn't want the eight told it to soul
supremacy and then I got it from social
supremacy so it's crazy to see though
that's like it's brother that's the
brother right there from the pack crazy
man Hong Kong came with the heat that's
insane
I'm a high peace youtuber - you should
become one - I'm gonna try it yeah maybe
I'll be a happy suitor
welcome to sneaker car guys folks all of
a sudden all of a sudden a in the - okay
so doors haven't even open yet I got
like a thousand percent of my vlog Odeon
was good you good Pope offering this
total call y'all through stand together
summer collection 2017 look at these
boys looking like a bag of strawberry
no there's way too much stuff to like
even like really look around like how
you feeling about your I'm gonna take
the W bro I'm wearing his shoes to beat
him I'm gonna whip my ass realistically
but I got I gotta be a little confident
you know I say you get I say you get a H
on him no I was messing with ya I say
you get one okay Warren
okay I'll take one H as long as there's
no else
different
mr. snow she's got me stressing like a
bad investment the doors just opened so
people like running over here the merch
is set up we don't have the bomber
jackets or the hoodies but fire kicks
without his shirt we got the CREP
collapsed ants collab all that good good
good good
hi guys so we're gonna start things up
have a good time and I'll check in with
you guys in a minute you're filming okay
so my man just pulled up and he handed
me this new bag hey my bathing Abe he
said Wow alright guys so we're about to
go do the Ray Allen interview and game
of horse I'm excited I need to go to the
bathroom but that might affect my
performance but I think I should be good
I haven't met ray yet but it's gonna be
dope experience
not the legend right here a house what
was to you the most meaningful speaker
you ever had PE or even a business
there's not just one there's so many
different shoes that had significance to
me my career shoe I had a woman up on us
that's the shoe that I wore in 2008 when
one segment shit you know probably one
of the most comfortable shoes it was
just a team door I love you so much to
handle them I asked him to duplicate the
sole of it the next year the original
jump man every time I see that she would
take her back to 1996 do you want to see
Jordan Brand retro some of your bees
because I saw you walking in and I'm
sure you saw some of your PBS over there
I'm wearing
one of them so how do you feel about
that we are you know we've been in the
process of talking about
and how to release the shoes a top 1/2
hour
well I mean we pretty much win over
anything everything which our sneaker
history and everything like that
anything else you want to throw in
before I beat you in horse
that's five when I look out at the room
I see the response this is my first
account of it all of you are there
influencers but most of you all of you
are the reason I'm here today because I
know the type of energy that you guys
bring towards the NBA
I know type of energy you guys bring to
our speakers and keep it up because I
tell all the guys not on the NBA you
have to go anywhere in Asia because the
Asian band is incredible you guys are
incredible you guys the reason why this
is possible and we'll continue to make
sure to be facilitate our shoes bringing
great products and making sure the game
players continue to come to Hong Kong
well thank you so much for answering all
these questions right let's go ahead and
get this horse ain't going everybody
make some noise for a thank you man
alright first thing let's see what the
fans want to learn who wants to win the
Heisman with nobody
No
all right my left hair layer pushy
apparently deep breath
Oh should be positive
under estimating me
okay okay Superman
you gotta change in there that's why you
made it okay
all right issues with Milwaukee's going
back to 96
okay
any more than eight
Oh
what the hell but perfect
I went way further than you guys
expected so I give it up I told you man
all of it and I called it go to the tape
yeah I called it yet they doubted her
you made great home oh yeah I did I did
yes I did I was a horse man it was lit
my shout out to Ray Allen coming out
showing love Hong Kong great crowd man
great crowd now it's time to get back to
the booth and finish up merch is almost
sold out huh that's left that's it baby
Hong Kong it's only what three o'clock
my man said it can I hit can I hit the
intro because he wants to give me
something in a box so hit the intro
what's in the box
Road thank you all fight facemask dude
appreciate that though he gave to me so
guys with an hour left in sneaker con
Hong Kong
I got no line at my booth I got no line
at my booth oh my god they're running
they're running over oh my gosh
everybody everybody trying to get the
vlog what's up y'all yes I'm gonna walk
around make you think
okay so if you ever had sneaker con and
you can't find any dope content just
come to JC's booth because he always has
something that no one's ever seen before
yeah let's make a thumbnail oh yeah well
that's it like okay what are these bro
like I mean I didn't even know these
existed mid top okay thumbnail
that's all you got to do come on Jason
boo there's another one is this his
first yeah I bought it I bought it
oh that was look what I bought they'll
never know the lighting and all of Hong
Kong is like super super weird so like
it's okay
he's walking around with this biggest
one so
watch I got it from watching him alright
guys so sneaker con Hong Kong is a wrap
it was absolutely amazing such a great
turnout so much love met so many great
people I got the crazy opportunity to
freaking play Ray Allen one-on-one and
horse huge shout out to the sneaker con
family for giving me that opportunity
and letting me be responsible for
interviewing him and you know
commentating and all that stuff so it
was absolutely crazy it might be a
little windy I lost my dead cat for my
microphone but what you got to say Pam
we got to play knockout with freakin
radio Helen oh yeah Farooq in the
knockout I didn't build that but they
did knockout I'm not from Akio but yeah
I was super dope the supporters really
came out before and if you don't know
this is still part of the tour and the
tour continues we go in Australia
tomorrow tomorrow we leave to Australia
yeah I don't know if we should announce
that or not but we might have added
another city for the
