- Simon what's going on guys another
beautiful day in Hong Kong day two and
we are finally you know adapting to like
the culture and figuring out where stuff
is here and what to eat we'll kind of
not really we don't know what to eat I
don't know what's on the agenda today
but I will be going to one of the
biggest sneaker warehouses in Hong Kong
later today so we're gonna check that
out but first things first I think we're
gonna grub meet up with Mickey and then
we're gonna meet up with Tony bullying
and Cousteau later yeah autumn is over
there getting some time lapses and and
whatnot for his channel for rooks over
here you know handling poor things
I'm assuming I don't know we still miss
Jim GM if you're watching this every
morning we wake up and we look over to
the bed next to Farooq and you're not
there the first thing I think about is
the fish is at the aquarium anyway let's
go get some food now I'm gonna go around
the table and I'm gonna ask everybody
this question because everybody seems to
be against me tomorrow at sneaker car at
sneaker Con Hong Kong I will be going
one-on-one in a game of force versus NBA
legend one of the greatest shooters of
all time
Ray Allen now in the game of horse I
don't think he's off he doesn't have a
hundred percent chance of beating me
he's a very high chance but it's not a
hundred percent if it was one-on-one it
would be a hundred percent it was a
three point contest would be a hundred
percent well horse is a game where
anything can happen so i'ma go around
the table and I'm gonna see who actually
believes in there there boy you know
saying so let's start with Mickey who's
gonna win I think Ray Allen has about
the same chance of a lifestyle wipe
getting germs 99.9% but but I think you
might make him a ho if he starts first
percent yeah I think you're gonna I do
think you're going to lose but I think
you're gonna put up a fight we're gonna
maybe even an s maybe even feeling good
yeah I'll give him an s it's my boy he's
feeling good long as you're feeling good
like you'd be pushing tell you guys
you're gonna be surprised tomorrow ain't
gonna be no hope
chicken patty just to go right so now we
are about to head to a place called damn
what is the call trendy zone or
something like that it's kind of like
where we were at yesterday with like all
the shoe stores but this is like an
underground basement type of vibe so
hopefully they have air conditioning in
there because it's hot I haven't bought
any sneakers out here yet I really
haven't seen anything that I can't get
back home so I'm trying to be super
super picky with my purchases when it
comes to the sneakers hopefully I find
something because I want to take
something back usually when I go travel
I love to buy sneakers that kind of I
could take back home and then use that
as something to remember this trip so
hopefully I can find something here and
in Australia because we head to
Australia after this for the all of a
sudden tour presented by crap reject you
fill me
yeah Oh someone touched my butt yeah we
good we're good close it close the
curtain close the curtains all the cars
got to be low-key with the vlogs because
they don't want us to vlog in here but
they have so much heat
alright guys so I cop something I got
this limited-edition face mask because I
was feeling a little sick limited
edition is it was only $13 you feel me
oh let's pick up thus far you know what
I'm saying are we done are we finished
we got a couple more days man a couple
more days alright guys so we just got
finished for a trendy zone and it was
pretty cool to have all that stuff in
one little area I like that a lot I wish
I had something like that I mean they
have that stuff but it's all spread out
those dope to see it all together in one
but anyway we are going to go now to the
warehouse for kicks crew basically we're
gonna go it's like a 25-minute drive
just called the uber we're all gonna
head over there and let's see what they
got in their inventory let's see how big
their warehouse is with all their shoes
our guest so we just got to the kick
screw warehouse right now and right in
the front of the warehouse they've got
all these sneakers just display here the
first thing I caught my eye were these
Kobi hyper dunks over here because you
don't see those too much anymore yeah I
want these ovo twelve alright let's do a
quick rundown of the warehouse phone
posits I love that new shoe smell Easy's
Jordan once lactose rare and expensive
Ragman yes you see the fragment people
who got the name no I didn't come out in
America this is the old Hornets colorway
very very clean I like that I don't mess
with them
the big things here
the Palm Beaches on this planet G y'all
know but a blintz yoga speedrun this is
a Nike version right here they're
obviously forcing 31 the gum bottoms
like a nice real not really a airmax guy
but if I had to pick one Air Max to cop
it's this one right here oh it's a 3m
yeah it's a crazy - you lit like three I
like the jacket my favorite basketball
shoe of all time the kobe fours you guys
have kobe fours please hit me up I've
been looking for a 12 - I'm gonna have
these are the best possible shoes ever
made proxy to get fours
change the game this is the real best
basketball shoe ever made hope you eat I
don't want to get these again do you
know what's the total amount your
inventory is worth five million Wow this
is how you get a YouTube thumbnail right
here guys you gotta open up your eyes
like you just seen a ghost
you gotta have multiple sneaker boxes
yeah make it look like a girl put a
thumb up your booty hole bro it's over
now
every thumbnail for all these YouTube
guys you're gonna get those comments
yeah but if you guys want to check out
the cake screw website I'll link it down
below check them out I'm still looking
and seeing stuff that I like right here
because I haven't seen most like where
are these like wow like bro what easy
help me solve that what's the title say
the title say the title say let's add up
well since they still go back you're
doing here hold it again we got the
explain what's going on here so as you
can see this is the template of a
thumbnail the face is opened up the
thumb is in the booty hole the hands are
usually showing something that's cool
the eyes are looking at you to let you
know that there's a lot of shopping
you're holding a sneaker that can be
possibly your sneaker but you have to
click the link yo you're filming oh man
they got way way too many shoes for me
to cover in here
majority of the stuff I see is Jordans
they said they're top sellers are like
Jordan for Jordan 5 the supreme up
tempos are really hot for them right now
mainly Jordans which is pretty
surprising because overseas I feel like
runners or more well that's mainly
Europe I guess so out here if they mess
with Jordans
I'm watching
