after one day break for life continues
passport is much needed now okay now a
few things here there's a huge typhoon
taking over Hong Kong but our flight for
some reason is not canceled so I'm okay
second thing is I'm not on my flight
alone that's a really good thing but
then it's also a bad thing because now I
have a middle seat and I don't even know
if I'm sitting next to that extra person
and I didn't even know the other person
was on my flight till yesterday so let's
see if I could find him all right guys
so I haven't seen Mickey in like two
weeks yeah I missed you somehow some way
we ended up on the same flight yeah man
it's gonna be crazy
I'm technically going for sneaker call
but really I was going for some meetings
and just yeah it's crazy it's gonna be
fun our flight is at 1:55 a.m. we'd lose
we basically lose all of Wednesday we
land there on Thursday we're spending a
whole day technically 15 hours on a
flight I'm I can leave going to Hong
Kong bro you're sure
exactly alright guys it's been a minute
I don't even know who this guy is
anymore let's just say new hair alert
like my new hair new hair new stop
trying to keep to get the messy look
under my fing Hong Kong style trying to
finesse some upgrades you know six I I'm
not gonna vlog on the plane because
there's nothing to relieve vlog I did an
unboxing yesterday when I got home from
New York let me show you guys that and
when that's over I'll be in Hong Kong
I'm out of here hit the intro what's in
the box so let's go ahead and start out
with opening this first my own tour
merch this was the sample one that I was
supposed to approve of but unfortunately
I left for the tour so I wasn't able to
get this next up we got a package from
finish line I really have no idea what
this is Wow why they've really set me
this and I bought these damn it crazy
explosives very nice thank you finish
line this one is from adidas
entertainment oh no these are the views
okay I was not expecting that thank you
guys I really really do appreciate that
this one is actually another adidas I
jumped the gun on this one because I've
been waiting for this one for like
almost a month
shoutout to fill my void feel free given
me his codon cuz he wasn't gonna order
it so he asked me if I wanted his coat
and I did and I ordered it and I got a
fam oh my god as you guys can see we got
the multicolor my adidas ultra boost
these are super super limited what I
went with was the all-white upper with a
black rubber bottom and the reason why I
went with that is because this was like
the first ultra boost colorway I bought
it was the one that Kanye wore and he
made famous and made resale ridiculous
on them so I was like you know what I
want to recreate that colorway because
my pairs beat to the ground so yeah
pretty much those are my three sneaker
pick up so yeah then we have landed in
Hong Kong there's a good fight let's
just say he might become the number one
reseller in Hong Kong in a few hours
straight okay thank you
yeah can I get that free sponsorship
good yeah wasn't that bad no all right
let's go get our bags and find Farouk
let's start alright guys so we just got
to our hotel room and after two days of
not being in the vlogs from that tour
life he is back there but there's no GM
thanks to a miss ug I'm just no fan
you're with us in spirit was you in
Atlanta alright guys so we are taking
this uber and this is the most luxurious
uber I have ever been in quilted leather
seats with the tumble materials even
half cos no oh my god Jeanette I've been
asking people where do we go for
shopping sneaker shopping everyone
saying go to a street called sneaker
Street and there's also a babe store so
my subject of today's video is gonna be
I'm gonna do the hundred dollar
challenge because that's what makes it
more challenging okay because you know I
can go in there with 500 bucks to get
100 a babe store yeah cuz I do hundred
olives at the supreme store Network
we'll see maybe I'll get a whole bunch
of accessories or something even there's
such a majority that's a hundred dollar
babe store challenge in Hong Kong
alright testing one two three testing
one two three testing one two three
alright guys so a little bit of a
problem that I just had in here the
audio on this vlog might be a little
crappy because I accidentally bent the
input plug on it when I was sitting in
the uber I guess I don't know how it
happened but only one Oh only one side
work so I have to like balance it out
I'm gonna try to find a story
that'll tell us Mike's out here so I can
get that there's a whole bunch of shoe
stores here we're gonna go check out
where shoe stores and what they got you
know I'm saying we gotta get that
content and you know strangers Pakistani
an immediate danger hey Siri how much is
six thousand 999 Hong Kong dollars in US
dollars that's what they go for yeah for
the supreme phone okay change the plan
now so the audio is gonna be even worse
now because I'm recording from the
actual body of the cameras their best
buys out here yes I have no regrets
that's a world game-changer finally know
what I'm doing oh my god oh my god that
was so 2016 really off that now it's put
supreme in your title get abused you
know I'm saying I haven't seen these in
person but I got a pair that's coming in
the mail
hold up you know we got to show it
though oh we got to show it though the
best the best in the game
test test test one two three test one
two three all of a sudden okay
new mic is officially installed thank
you my man cameras back in action well I
mean the audio is back in action so yeah
now we got to find everyone else cuz
they ditched us oh my god oh my god Oh
what up what's up you guys coming to
sneaker Con I'll see you guys we spotted
our first few people okay guys so
apparently we're gonna pull up to babe
right now so the hundred dollar babe
challenge has officially about to begun
that was wrong my timer for what we'll
technically a hundred dollars is how
many Hong Kong dollars so I got 700 Hong
Kong dollars to work with I've never
been in it happen in the New York one
but that was what I couldn't afford it
this is a legit babe store bruh oh my
God look at this
make talented challenging I guess uh oh
my god oh my god no no no it's not
filming the picture I make a bit video
okay okay I just take video there's a
hundred odd teachers in there 958 that
one must be more these right here these
all right here I know I like this one
6900 man I tried to do one hundred
dollar challenge but it's too much fire
in there I can't do it Tony can I get an
exception
can I turn into like a thousand dollar
let's do it
he was on a perch all of a sudden the
tour continues okay so this is what
happened guy basically I did a hundred
other chap Oh fine I took a cab there
from how you doing
so basically this will happen it's
supposed to be a hundred dollar
challenge that didn't go through because
they had way too much flame though I
ended up buying a whole bunch of stuff
and I became I
you love big hero 6
okay have a good day okay bye
Hong Kong I spent $10,000 at the baby
store and that's I'm not even joking
with you I spent $10,000 10,000 in Hong
Kong dollars which equals 1,200 American
dollars so I might finesse the title a
little bit Vanessa Williams I did spend
$10,000 but it was just Hong Kong
dollars so you have to put that because
you're in their in their country more
show respect yeah you say you spent $12
and we're not even in United States of
America's actly this what I'm saying I
spent 10,000 huh yeah and I became a
private member so I became a bride rare
so very very rare picture yeah they gave
me a rare babe shirt and then we put
Tony and Bulls purchase on my membership
so we got the free glasses let's go eat
and eat hey I like big hero 6 I don't
really care about your face all right so
we're gonna go find some food because
I'm a brew and jock are pissed at us yes
they were in the bait store for like 2
hours to a claim we cannot get him to
buy anything we wanted to talk to buy a
shirt almost bought something I almost
bought so I almost bought some glasses
super yeah got it I'm not ready for food
he's not ready for the high piece like
different
misconceptions got me stretching like oh
yeah man Hong Kong has been amazing so
far we actually had Pizza Hut earlier
which I didn't show you that was super
super lame and I'm just honestly it's
crazy to me that we are here right now
like who would have thought that like if
you would have told me a year ago that
we coming to Hong Kong it would have
been like nah I don't think so but we
are here man we are in freakin Hong Kong
and I'm honestly feeling super super
blessed YouTube and sneakers and sneaker
pawn is the reason why we are here today
so and also protect because CREP
protects the people who brought me to my
first deeper pond so it's a whole bunch
of blessings appreciate everybody who's
made this happen and this is just the
start this tour and it's only been
halfway done this tour has been a
blessing we are gonna head to the LV
store if we get something there I'll
vlog there if not then you'll catch me
back at the hotel so I'll see you guys
in the next spinny transition thingy all
right guys it's back at the hotel
I spent 10,000 Hong Kong dollars so from
the ape store I bought this right here
also got the gold one and since I bought
both of those they gave me this free
towel over here ape if you guys don't
know what ape is it's like the lower-end
version of babe now for the babe store
stuff first thing we got is the regular
bathing ape tea this one is the black
writing but the dope thing about it is
that this is all 3m so when you take a
picture of it it flashes at you just
like the tour jacket and I bought the
same one for Mina but I got her the
black with the pink 3m so it's pretty
dope well another white one with the
green this one is the full green tape on
it and this one is also 3m the grey on
Tiger camel this actually feels way
better than the other babe quality
shorts right there at the copies and
banned from my niece I got her the babe
kids bib but it's made out of like a
soft plastic material and then I also
got her the babe onesie kid socks
these were a must babe towel it comes in
like square and then he's soaking in
water and it expands
my favorite item is the baked
windbreaker as you can see it's not the
original camel print this is like kind
of a khaki camo if you call it a vanilla
reversible brown on the inside and since
I spent 10,000 Hong Kong dollars come a
babe member and I got this exclusive
t-shirt only for members it's just the
bait logo but it has like the membercard
so it was dope to get this because this
is something that they don't sell you
need the points to get this since bull
and Tony were spending money they put
their purchases on my babe card so that
I can get points and then we ended up
getting these for free as well just
little fake cups and we're each gonna
keep ones that's a wrap for day one in
Hong Kong
day two tomorrow I don't know what we're
doing but it might be freaking crazy
because I think we actually I dunno what
we're doing it's gonna feel it sneaker
con this weekend if you are in Hong Kong
make sure you guys come it's gonna be
crazy
misconceptions got me stressing like a
bad investment I keep in 1080p so if you
ask your discretion everyone got agendas
in so many suggestions I'd rather not
get involved they want me
second-guessing
