ha ha lucky so we're in a bit of a
pickle right now but they were supposed
to have the pop-up that they've flooded
like one of the pipes broken flooded we
already have security for both days let
me call some strong let me let me get on
okay
okay like a minute okay we're moving so
much all right guys so we just got a
call that the pop-up shop location had a
bursted pipe it's basically flooded
beers want to see pictures Wow
basically we're in a dilemma right now
we are trying to find a new location for
tomorrow's pop-up as soon as possible so
we can blast it all over social media
and we can let the you know spread the
word like we met some people yesterday
who drove an hour and a half away to be
here so we can't just cancel this you
know what I'm saying like we want to
make it happen it's almost 1:00 so we
can find a location by like three
o'clock and then spread the word for
everyone to know and then everybody else
tells everybody and we'll be good to go
so let's get the day started not going
to let it crop us out because we still
are going to make this pop-up happen no
matter what
and yes I do it
alright guys so we just got to Soho
right now we are about to go to this
dance store so I've been talking with
this dance team and we want to do
something special for the dream crew saw
we're going to give one away for the
first person that comes to the stand
store once I post it on social media so
I haven't announced it or anything
five classes are getting fogged up is
that over here so yeah we're about to go
in Stan's and do that and they're going
to show us the store as well as you know
hook your boy up with some socks not
only is the winner going to get the Jim
Crow sock
they're going to get a month supply of
socks so they're going to get like 30
soft and they get the shoes and the
kisses soft and they get they're going
to get all these software you hold again
the perfect personal okay so we're
inside the store and we have permission
to grab ten pairs of socks for ourselves
and two underwear so I'm going to find
underwear first where's the underwear
versace style ones we got to get these
I'm set I got my 10 so whoever wins
we're going to bring them down here and
show them all all up walk walk walk in
and it gets hectic sometimes but you
know we do this for y'all just hectic to
a part too let's go wait upstairs oh
yeah all right I say five minutes
oh is this in Edison I don't think I
don't think he follows me on Instagram
and she dances like in a very prime area
in like Soho so there's like tons and
tons of people here I mean the first one
Oh any rent in here you know would you
run from I was at a pizza shop yes you
yeah I'm from LA actually might be on
vacation we started it I think what
eight minutes ago nine minutes ago
congratulations from LA he said yeah
what you doing out here so I'm out here
my family brought me out here for
vacation right before I go to school oh
nice nice night well you get in two
months with the salt so just set with
that all these softs right here and the
shoes and the dream crew collab which
are like super super limited these the
shoes are ten and a half so hopefully
you can fit those oh my god Thank You
Hilda bags and we'll take like a picture
together yeah definitely all right so
wrapping it up all the so defense that
tomorrow
the pop-up talk tomorrow you're lined up
in front of the pop-up we the pop-up
location change go tell everybody give
them the new address again shut up oh my
screens fogging up shout out to Stan's
man for doing this with us doing the
contest if you're ever in New York and
you need soft dance is where you need to
come all right
so now we're going to just walk around
Soho and do some shopping
you know the drills man hit up all the
dope at stores okay we just so he said
it was like four blocks away look it up
yeah I'm down to have some cereal and
then go get a real meal
you cannot
okay guys so we just have kids have some
fire ass ice cream love that store
cereal theory on my baby at cereal I
personally like the Miami store better
one because they let me film in there
and two because it just like it has a
better vibe to it like this one was kind
of dark in some of the rooms it's still
a great experience or if you're in New
York City try it out because they have
like cereal
that's like themed around sneakers it's
a really dope concept so and now we're
going to go to like vape Adidas a whole
bunch of other stores here in Soho as
well
my boys little good boy should be 30
minutes to come track you down
I saw the forever 21 side it took a
minute but I found Christ I found long
vacation on the Sun oh they found you
pussy at the Pablo's tomorrow just
change the address did you get that okay
yeah sweet perfect perfect okay the girl
won't wouldn't ya stop all of a sudden
better pasta supreme store which is
going to be absolutely madness see like
people are going to try to fight us
there for no reason open it up I'm
waiting in the supreme line I already
wanted what is this work it's a princess
does it all equals everything hansip a
500-acre yes Emma aah letv Ali to be lit
check out the dream acting but what you
telling though that's the real question
I got to brush the cream toothbrush I'll
buy that off right now
Dupre shovel you bought it here do that
how much one teleported it so you want
like a picnic yeah ladies and gentlemen
I need two guys to clear this sidewalk
please thank you okay so the blind for
supreme wraps around the building I
don't understand how the process works -
yeah yeah my man the winner you know
quick I just wanted to tell you it was
actually like my
a year ago right here at Stadium good
was the craziness with my palm it is now
let's just say tomorrow might be part
two
we got a situation
you I'm joking you can't use me can't
play me like a bowl be your solution I
got myself an Adidas store in the world
in my opinion which is adidas Originals
in New York City Soho and look at these
right here they took the old oh geez
Kobe Bryant basketball shoes and they
turned them into a lifestyle a sneaker
and I actually really really like it I
wouldn't mess with you if I got him for
free
I wouldn't buy them Bovary three three
three for this awesome I don't know how
people live in this weather man the
humanity is in humanity did it again
humidity I'm so exhausted I wanted to go
to Gucci but there's no Gucci around
here and Soho I guess there might be
might stop at LV other than that I think
we're pretty much done with Soho we got
kids and we got our stand Sox but we
didn't really shop like I wanted to shop
but it's like we've seen the same stuff
at every store so basically besides the
stance also I really didn't buy anything
some kids that we met at Chipotle
actually had some supreme stuff and we
bought a few things also the supreme
toothbrush which they gave away for free
I paid 15 bucks for it which is probably
not worth 15 bucks but like II was a kid
I was like you know what I'll just give
them 15 bucks for this so oh and then I
bought this sticker off him which is
like the supreme box logo sticker but
this one's like a one that like pops out
and it's like super stick this one I'm
going to put on my laptop GM bought the
hoodie off of him right
you bought this orange supreme hoodie it
just has the S right there yo yeah we're
at well we're about to call the over
right now oh my god
it seems like every guy tried an inbox
full of dams you told me you don't reply
oh you a model huh you act on the side
huh they catch you up they feed you with
lies
honey did you know is there how you
liking that favor maybe we won't getting
used to this camera but you how do you
think it's heavier than the other one
with the battery this bull miss this
flight
he always misses his flight Braun almost
it ain't bull that's better you know if
he misses flight but tomorrow they're
the special guests for the pop up
there's going to be late yeah that
though we got to take a picture right
here this footlocker is being poked yeah
because they closed the other one yeah
but this one has a D this black Hornet
it has a full bow like a spring I was
crazy as they don't have those wiv
statues get this Africa a fuckin crazy
me and the Nature Boy and once I know
this channel censored but you know Ron's
I didn't have the girl didn't have to go
on their knees for him they're all right
here come on
I like that wood wood right there - it's
so simple ya know I know
very very Honda
so Tony's out here talking about Hong
Kong because he's worried that when we
get off the plane nobody's going to
speak any English brah
people say that Hong Kong is pretty good
with English but we're talking next time
when we're out there in Hong Kong you're
going to start seeing people walk by I'm
not going if I go for a walk by level
we're talking no offense to anybody no
offense to anybody so yeah the next stop
after New York City is Hong Kong which
is going to be absolutely crazy to
sneaker cons and we get to go see all
the night and then we go to Australia
I'll go see a kangaroo bruh yeah we're
gonna see a kangaroo out there sneaker
con Australia we're not either go in
Atlanta sneak up on GM salty he just
he's like yo Tony you're from Atlanta
right intern is like yeah he's like have
you ever been to the aquarium you been
to the Coca Cola factors No so Tony just
brought something up that I completely
forgot about so no lying song we made
was originally a freestyle in the car it
was recorded on an iPhone and it was
recorded on Ryan's iPhone so Ryan is the
only one that has the full version but
that version is hardcore like saying
people's names disrespecting them and it
it was a joke but it was just like funny
so song so get it there's a fan one
let's play a party's on code I'm
wondering why one of those and then
there's a one at this yeah there's one
just where we went just went bananas and
I don't I don't think it will ever yeah
we would lose a lot of friends yeah do
it lose a lot of friends if the views
ever go low we might have to pass it out
yeah I would get low and the views are
on zero I have to drop that you filthy
on making
New York pop up this Saturday Sunday I
know a lot of people are wondering am I
going to have separate merch for both
days and yet the first day we will have
a set amount of stuff there and then the
second day will have a set amount of
stuff for Sunday there won't be as much
on Sunday because it's a shorter pop up
time but still will have stuff so if you
didn't lock out the first day on let's
say the stamps off because they're not
there's a limit there's very limited you
might have a second chance the second
day thank you ahead of time to everybody
camping right now it's going to be
absolutely amazing stay safe in line
stay organized don't hurt each other
don't get killed and I'll see you guys
tomorrow I'm out of here
teaspoon poop give them
Oh
