still still goes like a dollar trail
I've been ready to be in my field
sometimes I can't tell if I'm in the
wrong sometimes I feel like I just don't
belong it took me some time to find out
what I love sharing my music would give
me a rush but now I've been living my
life in a rush girl - the posture that I
need a trust yeah she's a catch but I
don't that I'm still a dog I'm such a
mess too many people to listen to
listening you know I got vision so
what's going on guys we just got to the
vault here in Linn aka Boston I know
it's not in Boston but technically you
know we calling it Boston we out here we
just got here shout out to the vault
family because they had like all these
snacks prepared for us and then somebody
made cupcakes for us now I got to start
off by showing you guys these cupcakes
they're absolutely crazy and it's like
one of the most creative things I've
ever seen
check this out they killed it we got the
easy cupcake that crept protect cupcake
that you include logo the hoodie cupcake
my face right there the Tauri short diet
starts tomorrow through cupcake and then
my favorite what's in the box so I can
do the cupcake oh my gosh thank you
ahead of time and then they made a whole
box of just oh seven logos and obviously
if that's just a sort of a preview of
how much love Boston is going to show
I'm so freakin excited let's get this
day started I need some energy in my
system maybe I was going to go
oh my god wrap off this turn man Boston
turn all the time
all right guys so we are here we just
set up everything there you go Sam solid
trap protection how many people like
doing GM vlog yesterday it was really
really let you did a very very good job
good job p.m. thank you this is a
channel coming soon yeah I already have
one
oh yeah you do should we choose Lincoln
no no because then your brothers be able
to take off with the channel they don't
put on anymore they're gonna fight
because not me because it's so hard to
vlog and then our editors like no yes
you have shitty long to tell me you guys
do have editors what the hell on Diamond
let's just say Jim got a life you guys
don't need a kitchen but I don't fetch
I'm still a dog I'm such a mess too many
people to listen to but listening you
know I got visions too but we got to
give it a scream easier way there's two
lines because the cops out here would
not let people camp out so they had to
hand out tickets last night so the line
over there is for everyone who has a
ticket and then the line over here so
everyone that just came in the morning
so basically they get in first everybody
has a raffle ticket so we didn't give
anything to the first person in line
because there really isn't somebody that
was kind of here the whole night so yeah
we got a cream easy pulsing through the
longer enough long enough blogger
blogger Monica
I got the winning ticket one one one one
seven seven thirty seven six nine zero
zero seven six nine zero
yes
there you go outside here's got to bear
all the protected life in by waiting for
break brews distractions my reasons to
hate you I got some crazy to take you I
still got some dreams I'm gonna make
true Magister xvi up through our channel
is legendary exclaim capital L capital e
capital e en ta ry lowercase X capital K
to lowercase I capital N and capital G
you might want to switch that name over
and at a point
okay so immense phone dies so we're
going to take a screenshot on the vlog
you ready yeah Bob my dude was here for
20 hours right yeah first 120 hours you
got the custom Snoopy dream KU collab
however appreciate you coming out well
thank you thank you alright guys so we
just wrapped up Boston shout out to my
man he did all the b-roll for this city
going to plug anything YouTube died so
that's my channel exact be filmed
alright come on like my description
right yeah of course alright also so the
pop-up is over the cupcakes are here
unfortunately like I can't take this
past TSA I'm too scared to eat them I
don't want to destroy them but let me
just share them you want one bro even
though he's eating at literally
everything in sight my man see the face
yeah you got to eat the face you know
saying all the sudden you guys don't
wanna dance you got the crap one thank
you thank y'all - boo stick comfortable
within the Barbie shoes I guess right so
guys we just got done with the Boston
where we just got better with the Boston
Pops up all the way there for ten years
like it was cool it was good man it was
good first time in Boston sold out of
all the merch
can't complain now we off to New York
City to do more damage
like he used all German together in New
York 360 he told me he stressed now with
his words I could tell from his eyes
I'm not going to last I was surprised I
guess I suppose he knows how it goes
we're about to be in three different
states in two days which is crazy we
didn't even get to enjoy Boston like
literally we got here we went straight
to the hotel to the laundromat and then
woke up went to the pop-up and now we're
leaving so we didn't get to check out
all the dope stuff in Boston hopefully
one day maybe one day we will get that
opportunity but I am so excited to be
going to New York this weekend baby
when's the last time we were in New York
Thank You Sonia and I was a while ago
alright guys so we're at the airport
right now but before we go we stopped by
this candy store and Farooq passed out
because they had some old candy so we're
going to pass it to him with this first
ever it's been a minute since we've done
this but Farook first ever what's in the
box what's in the box now if you grew up
in like the 90s you know what this is
this is like the American version of a
kinder eggs and they start making these
and as I said they just got it in on
their first shipment and here we got
some stickers right there ball right
here in old this you know I want to
break it up right okay
and we got some candy and now back in
the day they used to have toys and stuff
inside these inside the walls look cool
toy band and now it's time to board so I
will see you guys in New York I don't
put the camera in my bag but that's how
we doing things today filming no more
Haribo Golden Bears guys if you're going
to bring the gummies bring these because
these are my favorite alright we'll see
you guys in New York
what's going on guys we just got to New
York City and we are about to be having
a very very fun next few days it's been
super super crazy we've been traveling
all over the place but now we're in New
York or well three and a half days three
and a half days we're here in New York
City one word to describe New York City
go ahead it makes you feel small said
one word to describe New York City it
feels small in a good way
shrinkage TM one word to describe New
York City hello guys
god damn you guys do not understand the
concept of this Isle god it feels so
good to be back here we haven't been to
New York since New York on New York City
I'm really really excited to be back and
have a good time with you guys make sure
you guys come to the pop-up this weekend
and then SummerSlam on Sunday thanks to
seat geek we won't be ringside it's
going to be freaking crazy man as you
guys may know or may not know the pop-up
is a hundred percent our location it is
called the dream crew pop-up we didn't
go with any other sneaker store NYC is
our biggest market NYC shows the most
loved instead of going into someone
else's house in throwing a pop-up let's
just get our own so we rented out our
own space we really need my New York
family to come out and support but I
also need you guys to control yourselves
because the cops are aware of our
situation we contacted them and told
them we're having this so that when it
comes to Saturday they're not like once
all these people lining up because of
Logan Paul who had to pop up in that
same area recently the cops know of this
how youtubers have you know hella fans
and they come out for these pop-ups I
guess his pop-up was cat mayhem so they
like shut it down four or five thousand
people we're obviously not going to have
four or five thousand people you know
I'm way smaller than Logan as far as
YouTube goes but I still got my loyals
who come out and show love the cops are
aware of what potentially could happen
please if you guys are waiting in line
please try to be as organized as
possible just lineup like whatever you
guys think is convenient we'll probably
have more instructions for you guys on
social media tomorrow which is today
today are watching that part of you as
calm as possible when we pull up I know
you guys always get turn for the vlog
just get turnt but you know stay in your
place don't be running on streets
because the last thing we want to do is
get shut down because if we get shut
down no
getting merch no one's coming inside to
pop up and we got to cancel everything
please guys if you're from New York and
you're coming to the pop-up stay
organized and stay calm and with that
being said one last thing tomorrow I
will be going around all of New York
doing my shopping and stuff like that
stay tuned to my social media I'm going
to be doing a huge giveaway tomorrow on
my either Instagram or Twitter pay
attention to my Instagram or Twitter
today if you guys want to win something
very very crazy and we say that all the
time in LA yeah we drive those cars when
we rent them ok guys so after walking
around New York City or mainly Times
Square for a little bit we realized that
we've seen all this stuff we don't need
to do the touristy thing we're basically
locals in this place who come here once
or twice a year so basically we're going
to call it a night that we can you know
save our energy for tomorrow because
tomorrow we're going to be doing a whole
bunch of things you're coming to a
pop-up or what yeah first one tomorrow
actually mother's and Saturday on
Saturday I'm going to go to Atlanta the
aquarium in Atlanta get some thumbs up
guys I want to go a beautification of my
mine alright guys that's it so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
bright and early 8 yes
I've been looking at things from a
different view I feel like I needed more
time sometimes I can't tell if I'm in my
prime I got some things that do
I don't want make no excuse I cannot
play by their rules I'm looking for my
direction
