I finally started seeing all the reasons
they always stand fired filament even
sometime after six o'clock yesterday
what about you would you drop around
Florida bro is the Florida guy or a nice
County team I thought you were going to
be we came here like the community or
some walking and he was like damn you
not first I've got so much we knew
Iranian - oh yeah
good morning team crew family another
day another pop book is a public number
for right yeah there's a pop up number
for all of us event or presented by
protect today we are in Philadelphia
home of Cory Matthews people have been
lining up since what I'm yesterday
listen scientists know where the path is
of kids that hung out with those
yesterday went straight to the line I
mean left leg around like 7:00 yes
around like seven people have been
camping out but it's more of like a
smaller is a smaller culture out here
it's not as crazy as cities like Houston
and and you know in LA in New York and
all that stuff the turnout should still
be pretty lit I think there's over 100
people in mine right now we should have
enough merch for all of them GM you
ready I'm always riding today we're
going to be doing something different
how can I switch up today's vlog from
the rest of the pop up vlog what we're
going to do is a hundred dollar
challenge at our own pop-up we give $100
to the first person in line and he can
buy anything he wants he's we're going
to see how many items he can get with
$100 at the tree of Kakaako that should
be pretty fun and that should also give
you guys an idea of how much the merge
calls because you guys I've been wanting
to know for a very long time now it was
had to just pop up you're filming
no we got here way quicker than expected
Oh
know how you get cinnaminson rocker on
your bra finally started seeing all the
reasons they always stand fire to them
leaving does it really hurt to see me
win and I pursue me then not with my
intention if I can never fight with no
prescription they got us one day I just
see this bitch I guess that we just got
to suplex and we are setting up right
now you know GM doing its thing I didn't
even know this but we're doing an easy
giveaway now so basically they gave
everybody in line a raffle ticket and
they're about to draw a winner for a
pair of Yeezys and you shout out to my
man let me shout them out right now go
ahead and plug your channel all right so
my channel is Gigi TV I've met heights
like 30 times Li doesn't remember oh
yeah you could grab my hand in Florida
oh yeah yeah yeah that was you yes but
you know thank you guys Avery did you
man yeah no problem you know if you need
me in NYC I'm gonna be there too just in
case oh hell yeah no yeah yeah for sure
we will connect he's going to be doing
most of the camera work today so I'm
gonna link them down below and check out
his work and now let's do this easy
giveaway what's good y'all I got to get
a snap chat with everybody real quick yo
let's go Philly
are we picking the winning ticket now
there we go one ticket baby
there's the lucky one part I got the
winning ticket right here eight nine
eight
oh oh great
really drop free job let's give him like
a couple minutes ago a couple minutes
cuz he might be in the back you know
Mayweather Wow my man came from Florida
you know we're coming to Florida on the
court right the thames around oh this is
a winner it should be there you go Brad
are you on you just want some use either
way I did yeah are you kidding me
yeah you guys want the raffle okay sighs
I can't think of a better way to West so
long down
man thank you
okay here we go $100 challenge is about
to start yo number one come in yeah you
guys can both come but this is your
number you're the true number one or if
you know we thinks cafeteria Oh y'all
need to rush office I was inside oh I
drove you here I was in front obsession
what do you boy I business rock paper
scissor higher okay ah we're going to do
$100 challenge I'm gonna give you $100
anything from our merch you sure her
emerged if I had well you have money
yeah no no but just this you can buy
more stuff after but we want to see how
much you could get with $100 on the
joong-gu table all right there's your
hundreds let's see we'll see if he's
smart and he gets more things or is he
going to go for the more expensive items
okay I'm going to go with the socks
because you know socks are like
everything that and a t20 are 75 so you
got $25 more to work with
crap whites for my shoes but still has
leftovers oh yeah he's got $10 you know
we cannot give up so dollars oh boy a
full gate disappointing electron plus a
plus B and that's actually one thing
five items for a hundred bucks and then
a winner now
oh way any to face the smooch off of
this 150 that's great painting water
normally see Christopher day was
jingyang won't
Oh shows his like this moment it is a he
said I ain't waiting for the release I'm
hoping my own happiness I'll never it
might be it might be a potential ago is
the lighting of expense on women that
you Tennessee
I'm spinning tamil women that drip so
much Hennessy this minutes on the women
that you're too much it will you lychee
is so good and he had the gummy bears
mental parts you know thank you very
shitty here can we take a picture if
like relative oh yeah of course because
this is my first night there and here
the one that got me a really long time
here go ahead and say it in the camera
hey right now right here right here
hey Kim Anders brothers geminus brothers
check them out Germany's brother they're
on the cover
yo Shelton my man Andrew Greg and shout
to my mom who everything wrong she gave
me first
hello / yo all of it trust me bro I'm
the biggest - Alvaro all kinds got alone
I thank you so let's do some high five
six yeah oh my god no my easy how much
did you say hi dollars dollars yay
oh so this is your guitar get your size
mouthing hey shout out to Justin shut
off the loop out to Ricky
shabbu book job is new black dollars and
Becky round shut up back your own jobs
my man's place - I'll bet your ass I'll
bet you around
let me just uh protect your fingers I'll
take the bus back to the game not
hurting Robin I'm clean shoes to protect
I don't think that's engage let me tell
ya good shots of justice out the Josh
Turner my pops out see three shot a
white bondage I have that good Wi-Fi
I've been afraid for like two years with
a following but major motivation with me
it means I want my dream and go my heart
so yeah drop this on your mind I'm going
to take it but I'll send it out to you
yeah yo ba tended to me yet I will using
right early with the girl we can take
alright guys so the pop up just ended we
got through the line do you want to say
something bro shadow
I'll leave you tagging Alex I mean I
sense we have a few hours until we leave
tonight and we're going to actually go
to a basketball court we're actually
going to head to the basketball court
around the corner and go shoot around
because we got a couple minutes to spare
shout out to everybody in Philly that
show love you guys are wrapped around
the block this is my first time coming
to Philly and having anything out here
so I was kind of like worried like oh I
don't know if there's going to be a lot
of love or whatever it was but you guys
came out and supported so I was truly
blessed and now we are going to go to
Boston which is tomorrow which is going
to be crazy too because that's my first
time in Boston it's pretty much a wrap
up of everything that just happened so
we out here we had to go hoop right now
and other hand - the drill and knock up
like gym we're going to a basketball
court don't get crossed
I'm not playing today after time to play
this is some straight East Coast vibes
right here bro
I don't think I've ever been to like a
like a park yard basketball court on the
East Coast this is dope hello would I
look over here ok guys so we're out here
and things from basketball oh nice touch
there mance is pretty hard to do my arms
getting tired
see out here window I hit something
deeper from I didn't have them here if
we find them when we find them I'll get
them except for my clothes as I see gold
you expand
Oh
the boys hot brother 2 minutes Helen
here on the run took an L but it's all
good now it's time to wrap it up and
head to the airport and leave the Boston
sauce if you guys all right guys so as
you can see we are doing laundry and I
thought I was going to hit you up when I
got to the airport but we're in Boston
now I literally just put the camera away
and I didn't vlog it was only an hour
flight and now we are here in Boston
doing our laundry because we are overdue
for cleaning are closed as you sit down
this had told me to put my detergent
number two and I sort of put it in one
and those in swim and I have tub it's
the same thing well probably not too
much 60 here so I'll probably just check
in with you guys
you tell me I miss spending time with
women that you're too much Hennessy
spending time with women that get so
much Hennessy
