that ain't talking
let's Justin like it's wintertime in the
summer and West Philadelphia born and
raised
why did raining in the summer why is it
must be as hell I don't know we are in
Philadelphia right now tomorrow is the
pop up at suplex we just checked into
our hotel things got a little hectic
our first hectic moment of the whole
tour Southwest lost Farooq's luggage
I'm very distraught right now know what
to do as you can see I'm freaking
wearing shorts wearing my hoodie that's
why it's so big on him we don't know
what to do here none of us have ever
been to Philly we're getting
recommendations from friends of places
to eat and things to do
so we just got to like I don't even know
what to consider this is downtown Philly
or we're going to a store that I've
literally wanted to go to since I was in
high school this is like kind of like a
dream for me but not really
Mitchell Annette they have their only
store location I believe it's in
Philadelphia then in high school jerseys
were super popping I had hella jerseys
but I could never afford the Mitchell
and that's ones I always had the adidas
or Reebok swing ones or the Nike one so
I'm excited to see the stuff they have
in here so we made this sample Jersey
look like what Kobe used in the dunk
contest and that's how we made the
sample and I said what is this it's easy
to do here when you talk about this the
one would is the scissors you got fuller
in ya glove the shorter here these are
chicken the supersonic oh and his
culture after drinking Wow
I was born a the ages of the jerseys
that the giants war versus the A's in
the World Series when there was an
earthquake relaxing
alright guys so we just left Michelin s
and it was not a disappointment it had
everything there it was pretty dope I
copped the Michael Jordan number 12
Jersey if you don't know the story
behind that asks Wagga Diddy he'll fill
you in
he knows his knowledge about Jordan I
just thought it would be a dope piece to
have and I wish I had it for Chicago's
pop up I would wore it but you know I
think I'll wear it sometime in the near
future now we're going to walk around
and see what else we run into I really
don't know any other stores in the area
hopefully we run into some shoe stores
or something like that because I don't
know what else there is to do in Philly
other than find the freaking rocky steps
and we got to go there hopefully we got
to go there before we leave well they
got one of my other favorite stores here
hee-honk our getaway they got the
Calabasas here Calabasas Reebok there's
something Tony would do it they had a
under retail I might feature here this
is you fan think you're shopping with GM
complex to the mother who could wear
these for sure okay that was what was
that lap stone that's kind of a weird
names unique pretty dope store they had
some cool thing
I thought Villa was just a website it is
a store - this is like soon to come out
- to outlet section right here nothing
really is there I think we're going to
go to target now because I need to get
our hotel doesn't have laundry
unfortunately so you boys out of boxers
happy just down the board all of a
sudden time whatever thing isn't it good
you guys coming tomorrow yes for I've
worked so okay guys so these guys are
going to take us somewhere what's your
name child shot me on youtube go
subscribe see sneak too soon times too
soon let's see if the store is good and
then we will talk about your YouTube I
haven't been getting a lot of tweets
from Philly so it's kind of been worried
that is not going to be a lot of people
coming out tomorrow do you think so oh
yeah alright well we'll see 20 please -
take 20 arrows all right guys so still
walking around Philly now and we went to
a few stores we went to another store
called century 21 that had like
off-white which was like half off but I
think off anything through Boston BBC
will go unboxing later on tonight yeah
right they never show their stuff they
get into bed and go to sleep but not
about that life
I got some boxers and briefs which I
will show you guys later with make sure
you stay tuned for that if you want to
see what boxers I'm wearing all of a
sudden traffic
trice going to go jogging up and down
here for us but the floor what's up they
might have to do it for the views the
humidity is making my hair do some weird
like some weird thing yours is like
hella poofy and curly
we got the boy rocky right here so lines
are a lot I was what sanitarium what I'm
trying to get them to take me to a lion
test I can take the day off and go to
the aquarium get forty thousand thumbs
up will take GM to Atlantis what the
hell there's a good aquarium there it's
the second best of worlds that's a
second best aquarium like we are always
yeah thank you
you look super diving with them so would
you rather go to Magic City or the
aquarium in Atlanta
what's Magic City romantic city on a
Monday wait so we got to do like a
montage right now right take off the
merchant on them say come back to
slow-mo well you'll think you dizzy I
got it nothing
Najee there's all this to go over here
edit it I pretend I'm at the top let's
go let's go five minutes not do this go
bringing all that Pizza breath oh okay
you can wear the shoes in the water
today one more one more
buy it all two more please level two
I made it my pod I made it to the top of
the stairs it was the easy breeze you
know what I'm saying no struggle at all
I feel like rocking myself check this
out this is pretty dope first of all
don't worry about the hair because the
humanity I mean the humidity check this
out Rocky right there they got his steps
that's where he stood when he did his
victory celebration making it all the
way but your boy is wearing converse he
needed some boost back in the day you
feel me that woulda gave him extra
bounce
all right guys back in the hotel the boy
just got out the Jim Beam home saying
your boy lost four pounds on the road so
far you know you know the best feature
anyway about a wrap it up calling it
call it a night get some rest before
tomorrow's pop out pop up so we got
back-to-back days so when you guys are
watching this tomorrow we will be in
Boston so tomorrow for me we're going to
do the pop up in Philly but tomorrow for
you guys it's going to be Boston if that
makes sense
so basically yeah if you're in the
Boston area make sure you guys come out
and then this weekend is New York there
is some confusion of where the location
of the New York pop up is but the
address is on the flyer it's not in a
sneaker shop we rented out our own space
it's going to be really really sick we
got special guests coming through for
that one so it's going to be pretty dope
the boys go this summer slap thanks to
see geek yeah see geek Summer Slam b-boy
is going to be sitting in the front row
of SummerSlam it's about to be lit I'm
so so excited they're not going with me
but it's okay our that's it for the vlog
I know it was probably kind of short but
you know your boys are kind of tired so
we didn't roam around the city too long
but Philly's cool we rolling here for
tomorrow and then we leave tomorrow
night to Boston and rolling in Boston
for one night as well so it's kind of
like hectic next two days but you know
the vlog to keep coming pop-ups keep
popping up - I'm out of here
dream crew all of a sudden
