Oh
loke another day another pop-up shower
town always shows love so it is going to
be lit apparently there was a lot of
drama last night oh these are like mini
gold
I guess cops were called I don't know I
just read a whole bunch of stuff on
Twitter but it seems like the line is
settled in should be fine as long as we
keep calm we don't we can't go outside
and do the holy whats good everyone type
of things so I'm going to keep it
low-key you have thank you both okay so
we're getting dropped off on the
opposite side of the mall the line is
freakin insane there's like 400 people
inside and then hell with people outside
number one reason where we got a pop-up
to go to let's get a basketball hoop and
take it to every city with us we got to
get a minivan guys we should get a mini
hoop for New York because that's
basically our own pop-up like we can
make our own rules
no shot but you were you a three-point
champion don't think now when I look
grass won't always blow we play that Mac
part where we're musket ball Theresa oh
yeah those how soon they forget
haha speaker shopping new easy does it
in local art work I got to see this man
oh my god
supreme LD bathroom does anybody use
this yet no this is sick Gillis if this
is my type of bathrobe you know I'm
saying holy they had a shower and they
got the Gucci man trash can
oh my god all right guys so for Chicago
we are doing something a little bit
different let me take my glasses off so
I don't look like a douchebag basically
the t-shirts we put them all in the pop
machine those zones right there those
are all the dream crew tortured
basically it's $40 which is $10 above
what we usually charge for the tour
shirts but you have a chance of winning
one of three easy so you not only can
get the shirt you could end up with a
pair of Yeezys what else and then you
get $5 tip on off prep there's a chance
that three people will be winning easy
today so that's pretty dope and
everything else is being set well I feel
like I got an audience here with Lego
this store looks way better than before
well I mean it's a completely different
location but it looks it looks way
better it's sick I'm overwhelmed with
all this supreme LV right here I might
be spending more than we're making today
okay so we are about to start right now
I'm actually interested to see where the
first five is because of all the drama
one went down last night but these guys
are ready man
they're ready to turn up and get in here
man bachelor party man oh yeah I ran
over it oh my god no just freaking sick
man oh my god dream kook I saw more
bobblehead what the hell check me out on
youtube it donkey no the heck got to fly
check me out check them out check them
out so I got something for you I don't
have any shoes or anything like that
because we got the EZ giveaway with the
t-shirts but here's the LA Hat this
might be a little big on you but we're
in Chicago so here's like a Mitchell
Ness jacket I've been even worried yeah
I was going to wear it today but I was
like Nala just give it away so let's see
if he wins right now are you nervous
oh it says well there you go
you go do a stretch off
okay you got a free Walker place keep it
well I got the shirt man hopefully like
the shirt all right so in yesterday's
vlog which technically I haven't posted
yet because I haven't put it on public
on my phone I mentioned not to bring any
hurry boats for me anymore but that vlog
is not up homies just brought me a
container of the mini one so like
hopefully now you guys stop bringing
these because I love them but they're
not good for me and I have way too many
now no more rubbery bows guys somebody
won a Yeezy in the keymaster too so we
got something to say no all the sudden
all of a sudden I want easy take that
out zebras and what you going to do with
the easy healing for my dance teacher
wedding gift wow man that would be
destined to take you okay so my man so
he bought a CREP protect the dream crew
collab and we put a pin inside his and
he randomly got it so you win a prize
you know what it is I'm going to give
you the shoes on my feet yeah
is that cool with you I'm gonna give you
my shoes
thank you so much cruciate you man I
appreciate if I'm barefoot now guys I
don't know what to do so my man's came
through was good non c'Ã¨ ceccolini is
the one that painted my face on the
canvas last year the one that's sitting
above my toilet yes it's above my toilet
but no disrespect and he came with
another gift today today he came with
something fire check this one out
go over the Mambo the goat oh my god bro
thank you so much hey no sense the go
for the go you know I'm saying you want
to shout out your Instagram a a dot date
Alomar makes me spell out the dot hell
yeah man this is freaking sick this is
for sure going on my walnut and we just
hit 800 K so maybe it's like an 800 K
gift 800 K for coffee man that's we can
stick thank you for I really appreciate
this man oh I'm gonna have to ship this
home though this is so big it's bigger
yeah yeah the last one was like this two
events out six hours and when were small
yeah
wrong hopefully I can find them one day
he'll find that imagine yeah I want it
is it oh wow there you go there you go
which one of you guys is the biggest
high beach back roads
so he kind of creepy is always okay so I
had to come to this stairway area and my
voice might be a little echoing but it's
like 4:00 a.m. right now friggin GMO
passed out so I don't want to talk too
loud in the room hello I just wanted to
talk I so badly just wanted to end the
vlog I know I didn't film too much today
at the Chicago pop up just because
security and the cops were super super
straight you know going and putting the
camera to the to the crowd and everybody
going crazy so I just kept it a little
key when it comes to the pop ups you
know sometimes the law the lines can get
a little long my goal is to you know get
everybody in as fast as possible so
you're not waiting for so long so what I
take the time to vlog every chance I get
that's going to slow the line down so
I've got to be considered of the people
waiting that's why I didn't vlog too
much today but again in Chicago as
always thank you guys for showing so
much love sold out of everything that's
three cities in a row that we sold out
of all the merch and that brings me to
my next point Philadelphia you are the
next stop on the tour this Wednesday and
then Boston is on Thursday so Wednesday
Philadelphia Boston on Thursday I will
have the addresses of both locations
down below as well as on my Instagram
Boston was definitely one of the most
requested places to come to for the past
like two three years not going to stay
here and talk too long because I don't
even know if you guys can hear me
because this can create the echo in here
but one last thing I know I did the EZ
750 contest with prep protect and
presented by I have not true chosen a
winner yet I will pick a winner tomorrow
and I will announce it on my social
media so stay tuned that's pretty much
it we leave in about five hours
think to Philly so I need to go finish
editing this vlog and then hopping on a
plane and leaving Chicago much as I
don't want to leave Chicago I have to
leave Chicago you boy had some deep-dish
pizzas okay I'm right here also guys
thank you for 800 K we are so so close
to a million and goose bumps just
thinking about it guys I'm so excited
subscribe to me yeah
