what's up guys okay so I'm gonna whisper
right now cuz Caius is in the other room
getting ready and what I basically he's
pranked me a lot of times and he's try
to get to me a lot of times so I thought
I should get him back so I got him a
fake supreme hoodie and I'm gonna act
like I don't know what speaking I'm
gonna give it to him and basically I'm
gonna make him wear it and think I'm
that I bought him a fake supreme hoodie
without knowing it so hopefully he goes
well it see how it goes completed the
trash-talking here calm now but we'll
see so luckily for me on several uses he
was filming for hit the channel
yesterday he was filming for his channel
yesterday and the camera was already set
up on the tripod so I just moved it to
the corner so I'm gonna try to play it
off like we're not recording
wish me luck babe
are you ready come here
and it was the first real yeah
are you don't want it if you don't want
to what is it it's just afraid okay
close your eyes you're not the only one
that can surprise me
should we film or not no no okay
don't peek okay can you put your hands
up
well I figured
I figured because the only surprising
myself it's only fair that I suppress e
to open your eyes of silver anniversary
or anything I don't know just think of
it as like a pre Valentine thank you
okay
Wow
where'd you get this from I might do you
like it
they told me it's like I don't know we
should get it online website okay so I
wouldn't wear it today are you ready
it's too hard you're wearing on the be
right now instead of we're now over this
one wait where did you get it how much
did you pay please don't tell me feet
too much they told me it's going for
like or something maybe a good day I got
it for $100 for this mm-hmm 800 yeah I
told you not to buy me anything it's a
pretty I like it
okay wear it I'm gonna do a photo shoot
I want you to wear wear you know I'm
gonna log to that we got it
actually let's login okay I'm on camera
just save it for another day how do we
tip it off this tripod if the clip
listen I'll just show it in an unboxing
next week or something yeah here here
okay wait what are you doing okay what's
up everybody so you guys are probably
wondering why I'm trying to vlog right
now I just got Caixa supreme hoodie I
know it's not like a special occasion or
anything like that but I thought it
would be cool to put a mini cute yeah
it's not even that bad II said it's
going for like way more than that he's
getting naked girls okay someone
mentioned for someone damn me yeah
someone DM me and told me that they had
a supreme hoodie and that it was going
for like 1500 on like stocks and stuff
and that cuz they were a fan they're
gonna give it to me for cheaper so wait
let me show them can you show me the
PM's and give me their username yeah
why is your gonna cop stuff off them too
how'd you pay em pay huh look what no I
just they gave me their no it's not
you're always worried buddy here what do
you mean it's so cute I'm not vlogging
for that couple days so I'm like enough
but there's a line a couple days and
then I'll put it you always put it
whenever you buy me something rich
low-key this is so cute I showed it on
myself or you didn't buy yourself one
why
cute wear shoes though
see how are the easiest but I'm probably
gonna take it off when we get why you
always wear a hoodie here do you not
like it do you like it right I just
don't like when you buy me stuff why
it's so cute it's hella cute I can't
wait for everyone to see it
i canta okay let's go blog why
oh come on areas close cool school let's
go I am why well let's eat first and
we'll come back come on let's go eat
then come back yeah weird anything
something quick something quick
okay stomping whirring before we go any
further I'm just kidding you didn't buy
it it's a pain yeah you didn't buy it
this isn't it real I know it's not real
how do you know because I know it's not
real how do you know I don't fake it is
but I don't want to why do you know me I
don't want to first of all you see these
but eight hundred dollars I think it's
actually cute when I saw this I didn't
want to hurt your feelings but if you
spent $800 on your so mean all of a
sudden a person that wears a hoodie use
every single day even doing summer
doesn't want to wear it because you I
don't know I don't want to hurt your
feelings if you spent your hardwork
money on this and I'm like why are you
freaking vlogging like I want to be seen
in this if somebody sees me with this
I'm gonna get freakin fucking all these
accounts are gonna post my freaking
picture wearing a fake a supreme hoodie
where did you get this and how much did
you spend on it I'm just kidding I got
it from my thing I got it from like
Amazon or Ebay or whatever but I forgot
thank God I don't know if you guys don't
know me no works like a nine-to-five so
it's like her hard-earned money on this
like and she said she spent 800 bucks to
make it's unbelievable and then you said
the Instagram account so I was gonna DM
the person and cussed them out and be
like you freaking scam my fiance
if you're smart everyone can screenshot
you wearing the fake supreme hoodie and
be like you guys
like snot hell no please don't ever
bathe don't ever buy me supreme because
unless it's from like Mac Park for
Supremes website well I'm sorry I had to
I had to do it one time but at one time
look at this makeup can you just show
how fake this thing is honestly I don't
think the Box logo is that's how you
know you wanna compare my let me compare
this to a real box though
look at the size of that box logo first
of all that's her right away obviously
BAM
oh I didn't okay first of all this is
embroidered in stitch this one is a
freaking cheap-ass this looks like you
got it done at the mall and I kept
looking at the tag too cuz what is that
this is like if anybody gets a supreme
box logo and the box dog was this big
automatic fake I so he gave it to me I
flipped it over I didn't know how to
would it I was like wait should I tell
her this is fake or she's like Hello
anyway so yeah obviously that was my
first prank I did it wasn't like I know
over-the-top crazy whatever is but I
don't really know how to get him without
it being like super obvious so this will
be the first of many no there's no lazy
gentleman you can't get me at all let's
just say your sneaker collection is
gonna be burned to know speaking of
sneakers I got so many compliments just
from the picture I'm kind of happy we
did that though because like I wasn't
good outlook today and I told you I was
gonna upload every day but now I'm gonna
like rush to upload this even though
it's Super Bowls I wasn't gonna upload
because it's Super Bowl it's Super Bowl
Sunday so I wasn't gonna upload because
today's like the worst day for YouTube
like nobody goes on YouTube because
everyone's watching the Super Bowl but I
think I'll still hopeful of this instead
of saving it for another day so you guys
like my prank guys you know what to do
thumbs up I guess but basically
I mean since we're already making a
video subscribe if you haven't
subscribed we're on the road to 1
million subscribers and thumbs up if you
want me to get a revenge prank on Mina
how did you even come up with this idea
that's what I want to know well okay
because number one I hate that you
everything all your titles are I supreme
supreme supreme okay I'm gonna have
another supreme title supreme supreme
this supreme supreme that and then
you're like oh yeah Supremes not
dropping anything for a while by bus is
like okay this is a perfect opportunity
for me to bring in the supreme again and
also since you got me that supreme box
of the hoodie the other day yeah I was
gonna be like okay cool since you got me
that like I got you one too and return
in here timing was really good to
anything because I just got you that one
so I was like okay maybe she did give me
something because I've been getting her
I got her a few things too but you do
have something on the way but I just
it's not here yet
all relief and a really you know you
know it would make up for this pray if
Super Bowl Sunday let's go get some
pizza all right guys we gotta go you
ninety percent the videos you showing
you huge
