pop-up number two today we are in
Houston I would say the bar is going to
be raised pretty high if it's anything
like last year it's going to be
the rapper the guy in the front seat of
the rappers is on the line yeah I heard
the song the lines at your booth these
guys away scream man and online legit
booth
alright here we go oh my god all the
better
okay so we are almost done setting up
right now I would like not so that's
good that's good
yeah the line is in saying your shout
out to these guys we got to shut them
out in the beginning of the vlog these
guys are going to be doing all the
camerawork or most of it today so guys
voic-- Long Beach Boys we're broke back
so make sure you guys follow us on
YouTube subscribe to us and follow us on
Instagram yeah so much man good luck
after the mix yeah we're going to I'm
gonna link them down below so make sure
you go check out their channels they're
on the come up for the sneaker YouTube
game I appreciate you guys helping out
man what do you think compared to last
year I know this one's a little calmer
um but last year had the rain situation
and all that stuff yeah but it's like a
later town gets people going crazy for
you behind oh man well first of all this
man right here the times you come 5 5
p.m. yesterday so since you're first in
line we don't have any Yeezys or
anything crazy like that I have a size
10 pair of shoes I just picked them up
from Portland so I don't know if you
want those and hopefully you can grow
into them or you can just keep Oh miss
up to you but there's nothing crazy I'll
tell you ahead of time so is that cool
okay okay I'm gonna go get them for you
I don't have anything too crazy for my
men's we got the Pharrell so we're going
to hook them up with these it matches
your shirt low-key I've been wanting to
get it for anything yeah I got you the
LA Hat the Stan's collab socks and some
pin and thank you for coming appreciate
you okay so we hooked up the first
person in line so we got a few other
things we're going to give it to the
other people online I got something I
got out to my man put them on camera
that's the MVP right there that was good
are you
yeah it's nice it's organic got the crab
wipes right here
last night was hectic well we made it
Esther Esther Esther ha ha ha
I don't watch right now one more you
have one milk so my man was second in
line right yes but I heard what heard
you paid to get this ticket shut up -
case for having over here and shout out
to my dad for bringing me home boy -
efficient did you say when you walked in
you got no line at your door Nico you
tuba you got no line at you who oh yeah
you don't know why he's just wasting
time
oh man I have one of these so please
watch this anymore
oh no it's not did you take the John
Cena spinner bill is no idea buy me some
money - robbing everybody out of a soda
can go
yeah the goat so we got to put my men in
the vlog because he's the first person
to have the actual crew merch already on
well facade and I just want to say the
pleasure meeting you man I thank you for
- a mystical religious - you again miss
me not getting engaged I wish you luck
in your next chapter Phil I appreciate
that man thank you so much sudden all of
a sudden affair shout-out to my homeboy
Joel we could have make-your-own ounce
now it kind of sad about it nothing
it's kid what the tutor man to turn oh
man oh man hell yeah bruh probably one
of the best things anyone's given me on
the tour this big Hargett vlogs yeah
sorry I've been screwing it down on the
target vlogs because if you could - or -
no more hurry bows guys stop bringing me
hurry bows this is it this man gave me
enough to last the rest of the tour and
to the end of the year so thank you man
no more hurry bozo good projects
you already know best in the game
mom when he couldn't be here and Ricky
had a move want to give a shout-out to
Tahoe he's going to be here either and I
want to give a shout out to my girl
Logan their message they got a proposed
femme
I gave use on YouTube hi hi what we got
here these are never before seen like a
takes in a pop-out or something I mean
I'm not a sake but oh man your stars and
everything this just a team collab
no no this is a baby supreme Oh like
they had a baby oh wow look at the booth
hyoma then you know die off we'll start
tomorrow but it kind of melted a little
bit so long thank you
I mean it was it was kind of wet so we
thinking oh yeah I don't think I'll meet
the night we took a shower in the Sun
yeah okay cool we took a shower in the
sound like that better than the gummi
bears man yeah more gummy bears more
salad hey I don't know what do I do it's
just now
showing is canceled do they get sick you
know why because I have no copyright
because I had my first salad what is
today today is your birthday
so on his birthday he decided to come up
to the Papa really appreciate you man
thank you so much thank you I want to
shout out my girlfriend for bringing me
let them crumble look at this this is
what happened when you waited how long
six hours I love the journey how many
breaks in it never been a rush if it
takes me ten years that's okay I'm
having fun Tim you living as a dreamer
know you'll never be done I prefer to
keep it positive if people need us
everybody got potential I'm just
speaking from my heart when I go to
sleep at night all I think about is art
here added to didn't take control of you
take a step closer to your passion do
what you've done
be like how you could be like are you so
that you shouldn't pop up officially
well not officially but the line is
pretty much done now and it's almost
time for it to end but my man pulled up
and he had a supreme shirt for me and I
can't say no to supreme you know I'm
saying so I got the supreme shirt right
here this is called the what the AKS the
AKS supreme tee and he has a store
opening or azoty open that's already
open wearing a corpus high demand
follows high demand CC on twitter had
man 361 it's me and : ur girlfriend
fiance my April trying to support our
little one and then trying to support
the high B's check out that shirt -
Emily ads - oh yeah you got it on - you
can't wear it to school but well
appreciate you guys man I know I will
definitely wear this because I'm all my
supreme hype right now so thank you guys
okay yeah okay guys so we just wrapped
up everything and now we are actually
take we have our luggage with us and
we're bout to head to the airport to
head to Chicago because tomorrow is the
Chicago Papa I'm a mess I'm hot I'm
sweaty if you shout out to everybody in
Houston who came through you guys were
sweating bullets out there man I'm sorry
for that last year you guys had to weigh
in the rained issue you guys had to
weigh in the freaking hot Sun it's like
113 degrees I heard so thank God nobody
like passed out merch is sold out again
for Houston but we will be back with the
Chicago merge so make sure you guys come
early I know you guys are probably
watching this if you're in line but
Chicago I can't stress the stress this
enough come early if you want your merch
which is o HT always shows mad love so
it was pretty dope and yeah shout out to
that I and all those other dudes yeah
I'm hungry
he's hungry and also a shout-out to Bros
got souls man they're the reason why
this vlog was actually lit they got some
footage from just not from the vlog and
I actually want to put this in the vlog
now because a lot of people complain
about this but then I can't you know
always cut them out so basically from
now until this time forward to this time
right here if you don't want to watch it
but here are all the shoutouts from
today so hit it
it's a side Christmas TV janashree
wearing clothing videos got out to me eg
vlogger to reserve my shout out to Becky
Ramsay shout out to my bro Josh couldn't
make it the only 300 bro you already
know what's up
I cut that out the vlog who didn't win
300 oh yeah oh yeah cuz in the Tyler
Gavin on the score three files to my
friend my friend Brian man way I keep
this you keep dying I guess when he says
a little processor you know oh I should
get out tell us to my homeboy Tony
because he couldn't make it
oh shut up - Jesse G glad Brandon's got
a ladder - I'm sorry my boy Taylor over
here let me shut up my boy Marco my
boyfriend couldn't make it rescue status
area Adrian do it we share the same a
little marching subscribe regne for
house an acquittal Afridi shout out to
my dad for beginners shoutout come on
down Oh ffff
icao jRD if you get the follow it sound
so my boy Jonathan you can make it jump
jump
hi bro yeah what I would ever harm with
there you go I appreciate you man whoa
go there poor guy another day another
flight man outside town next to like one
wife a mistress and a girlfriend cuz all
stuff I don't have the power to change
these guys don't say much but when they
do say something I have no idea what
they're saying about it really quickly
two hours looking over there for each
other with such a reward Ozzy
oh my god such as motto
Oh
this is our current YouTube
subscriptions right now um this exodus
of screenshot um you look at the
accurate one it's saying we lost
subscribers how is this possible people
aren't subscribing instead of
subscribing because people want to be
the 800,000 subscribers so this is our
current subscriber mark we are a
thousand away from 800 K so if you are
watching this and you're not subscribed
please subscribe
everyone you should get ya freakin
fruits a fake over here he doesn't watch
the vlog so you know snakes in my own
yard thing from before if you're not
subscribed go subscribe it it goes a
long way and it helps the crew achieve
these goals and 800k is one step closer
to a million and with that being Santa
I'm going to switch over and we will see
you guys in Chicago yeah
what's good guys you boys just touched
down in Chicago it's like CM Punk no off
the script you film you know what it is
there is this you go buy socks you are
they stand they got the dream crew
collab you come on GM now all your mail
you know Chicago always show so much to
love so I'm really excited for the
turnout tomorrow like it's going to be
extra late we weren't here too long ago
either with the secret card groups
plastic you boy you want to be fun cause
this out here so
always in special place for me
for point nine three you have the
highest well you probably felt like one
who career before hi guys so we are in
Chicago now at our hotel and people are
already camping out some people tweeted
me saying that they were the first in
line and then other people tweeted me
saying no we're the first people in line
so there's a whole bunch of things going
on with mall security doesn't want
anybody to line up until 5 a.m. so I
don't know if they're going to kick that
get kicked out or not and I think we're
going to go to 7-eleven right now to get
some snacks probably get some doughnuts
and then stop by the line and give them
some doughnuts because they're going to
be there all night so we got to take
care of them you noticing now he's got
work this damn uber mobile is really
funny what if you jumped in there for
like a grand and you get out of you guys
uber everywhere I think I came here walk
hi guys we in the 7-eleven you filming
we bought like 13 donut I don't know how
many people are in line but he noticing
are we out here really because our lives
so crazy turn of events here well not
really but basically nobody was supposed
to camp out until 5 a.m. because I was
the mall security rule basically I just
got hella tweet saying that security
messed up the rules they kicked everyone
off the property and no one can be a so
5 a.m. security and Chicago cops came
but then people are tweeting me right
now saying we low-key just around the
corner though probably to save them for
the morning now because we're already
here we're on the car uber ain't damn
man chance of mall security for being
dicks just let them camp like they're
not doing anything that I'm bothering
anybody
every mall security is wack I don't know
why they tell people they can't film in
moles they're like oh well you need a
permit permit for what why they have
nothing else to do so they saying they
can't catch the people who steal so they
take it out they take it out on people
who aren't doing anything quick and paul
blart ass muffin anyway that's pretty
much going to be it for tonight again
these guys are living luxury right here
in the Cali I want the couch because
look you get this whole little living
room with like a sink and everything so
thank you guys for watching again
shoutout to bros got souls for all the
dope footage today check out their
YouTube I'll link it down below and we
are out of here Chicago see you in the
morning
