alright guys so we're leaving Portland
right now but I catch this flight to
Houston
no airplane vlog I'll see you guys in
h-town after this please
Houston we are here officially GM hello
time lapse time this guy's and we are
literally here for one day it is
currently like what 4:00 p.m. 3 p.m. to
3 a.m. 3 unlike the jacket our hotels
right across the street from the
Galleria which is one of the biggest
malls in America it's not the biggest
mall but it's one of the biggest malls
in America so like literally we go in
there right now because people want to
go shopping and as I always mentioned
Texas has some of the best guys man like
we can't see it right now but you saw it
in that time-lapse and I just love being
here I feel like H times my second home
like James Harden James Harden like this
 by Chris Paul
oh yeah Chris Paul's here now all of a
sudden clipper fans ain't happy this is
where things get a little hectic with
the tour because basically we're in
Houston today Morrow is the pop up in
Houston and then literally tomorrow
after the pop-up catch a flight to
Chicago and then Monday is the Chicago
pop-up so back-to-back days here and
then we have a break and then we have
the Philly pop-up and that's a
back-to-back date with Boston and then
we get to rest for like two days and
then we have New York which New York is
going to turn out to be crazy guys this
mall is way too confusing you go pop
that supreme
guys I was joking when I said that cop
supreme ago and LV we go in there we're
like yo you guys have the supreme and
the guys like I have to look up your
history or purchase history so you know
we I bought things spruce bondings GM
didn't make the cut soon though and they
took us into a private room where we
have to leave our phones out of there
and they didn't have much they didn't
have the bags unfortunately but we did
pop a few things oh my god guys I just
found some kid wearing my shirt so we're
gonna go pull up on him all right we got
to make sure he doesn't see it damn
brother sapphire at future
besides I'm dead momenta to know what to
say another robbery and five dollars
before jong-seok view
do it but it tastes like cereal
amid iguanas they meant a these are a
bit overrated but they look cool for
like snapped out
learn about it is these days you just
need to make something that looks good
on social media doesn't have to be a
hundred percent good but to share with
people
alright guys now we're going to a store
called
social status because apparently they
have like vape for retail and whole
bunch of other streetwear brand so we're
going to go check that out and you all
when I get a little dangerous in here
this is all retail I'm going home right
now fam okay I have the blue one yeah no
different for the shorts are low-key
wetsuit
and the gym founders of the chance to
get to flag up right now Jim's like if
it's not a sample I don't
alright guys we just left
social status huge shout out to them
they showed so much love they had some
sick stuff sitting if you are in Houston
or visit Houston make sure you guys stop
by social status I would I literally
bought two bags full of babe stuff I'll
show you guys all the pickups when I get
to the crib I mean to the hotel yeah man
I think we're gonna call it a night
right we're calling it a night half
hotel vibes maybe not
alright guys so first of all the
lighting in this room is not the best
but you know still go to film in here
Elvie supreme pickups right here very
small bag basically it was like a
private room there's like another family
in there they had a whole bunch of
clothes they had two denim pants the
camo denim pants pajamas which I didn't
even know they made I've never seen
anybody with the supreme pajamas all the
shoes I think the shoes are pretty much
like have no value anymore this was the
one that I was most excited about even
though it's nothing crazy supreme MLV
phone phone case review very very great
quality I'm not really a fan of phone
cases that have a front cover but you
know I can't really pass on that right
there is your phone stick to this so
open it up my phone goes right there I
have the red front and then the camera
right there when you're on your phone
though it's got like a big ass flap like
y'all went out and then the second
pickup was kind of like maybe I really
didn't need these these are going to
look kind of sick so basically open it
up and then it's like a very nice
material on there and then you take
these out a lot of black ones are way
more subtle than the red one so I'm kind
of happy I got the black one GM's like
washing like this is in the Crowder's I
think we got kind of lucky I mean it
wasn't the best stuff like if they would
have had like a duffel or a backpack or
like a side bag or something social
status with the crazy clubs bruh I have
been looking for this for so long for a
good price and I finally got it for
retail so I got this one for retail as
you guys know I have all those bad
breaks in my kitchen but this one is a
smaller version this one is made out of
straight metal
the other ones are hollow like you can
tap it and you can hear this one is
straight metal on the inside like you
can hear it in the joints and yeah man
this is freakin sick
oh so the first one and then this is
like a little sleeve thingy for laptop I
don't think it's going to fit behind it
and use it for other stuff has the babe
print but it's like a brown gold oh it
is that's it yeah that's 15-inch there
yeah see oh no wait oh I mean you can
create over there I've been noticing
antipholuses button-up shirt which I
thought was really nice it's like kind
of classy check this out right there
it's got like camel but then it's also
got like blue stripes and there's
actually really really sick might we're
just going to go to New York this is lit
my first-ever babe hoodie
it's not a yes that's if it's actual
hoodie so that's why I really like these
because I'm a bigger fan hope hoodies
rather than the zip hoodie so I was
really really happy that they had this
and I got this one for like I think it
was like 250 they gave it to me so they
hooked it up and that concludes all my
pickups that I probably shouldn't have
bought because there's no more room but
we got them because I we're in Houston
so yeah anyway for the rest of the night
we have nothing planned but it is a hand
our pop-up is tomorrow but yeah man
pretty much quick rundown of what's
going on I'll check in with you guys and
tell you guys that later but hit the gym
we're gonna hit the gym oh yeah
just got to the gym Highschool will work
out
yeah houston it was pretty pretty lit
haven't showed it to you guys yes
because I barely got it and I haven't
been able to do like promo shots or
anything like that and we sold out of
the first batch but this is my personal
one right here this is the one I've been
hyping up on social media first ever
dream crew Balmer jacket now it might
just look like a simple gray jacket yet
music last dream crew embroidered here
on the front of the jacket dream crew
all of a sudden size tag dreams crew on
the back in black stitching all of a
sudden the tour 2017 on the sleeves now
what makes this jacket amazing is that
this jacket is full 3m this old jacket
is reflective 3m insert picture right
there that's somebody wearing it from
the last pop up so shout out to him for
copy they're only going to have about 10
of these per city the houston shipment
for the jacket it got cancelled and it
got shipped back so it didn't make it
past customs or something like it was
some long story but basically houston
will be the only stop that won't be
getting the 3m jacket so I apologize to
Houston ahead of time I'll try to find a
way to make it up to you guys soon but
these will be available in every other
stop of the tour anyway that's it man
make sure you guys hit that thumbs up
okay guys actually the vlog isn't over
yet I was going to end it but I actually
have a huge announcement let's turn this
way as you guys know as part of the tour
we've got the Stan's dream crew collab
socks this is the first ever soft that
I've ever made with Stan's and it is
super super limited but I still want to
give a chance for you guys to get a pair
so we're giving one away so if you want
to enter all you have to do is subscribe
to this channel crew TV and subscribe to
the Stan's YouTube channel I will link
it down below and then I will also link
the actual contest where you can enter
in there yeah that's it and now the vlog
is over wait a minute
