so your visit oh yeah we have a little
meet-and-greet see all this line right
here this is for this guy you got no
line at a booth this is around the
corner twice no they kind of hello my
Gus better be late for the play
so we just pulled up your index PDS and
Wilda line it around the block twice
some homies apparently we're here at
midnight so I'm gonna go find out what
your shoe sides are and we'll see what
we can do for them singing part who is
first right - right all right but who is
whispering we can't like get any far I
hadn't got a rock paper today I've been
watching you for four years I'll send a
bit of my god Austin that's my Garmin
Adam all right well what's your shoe
size on the quote you just well I hope
and are you okay where came our car 13
or 12 who is behind it was a group of
five guys right here
okay so for the first two people that
were in line they came at midnight so
they've been here for so long so we are
going to hook them up with easy one of
them is going to get a pair of cream
white 350 v2 s and the other one is
going to get a pair of power phases so
one of them was a size 14 which is like
the only thing we could find is power
phases which is still dope the other
guys getting some Yeezy so it's about to
be lit and I'm excited to see how they
react hopefully they don't have them if
they do whatever and reselling whatever
you want to do with them is yours now
how's life
the legend himself one of the og sneaker
youtubers head cakes came through you
know we're in his City today and he
brought stuff for the people in line
adidas employee store passes so we're
going to hook up everybody you gotta get
my shirt I'm so styling weather for the
next appointment experience my man shoe
comes out when under 20 point fit the 20
hour doing one oh he's waiting where no
my hand over man
Tory pulls out gently so now these
drinks right after technic 1200
turntable something DJing stuff so I
yeah he showed me a year ago yeah if I
were to happen sells crazy little extra
cool trying to be same do it through my
car guy so all the merch is set up we
got the phone cases the cleft white
dance socks shirts all that good stuff
their jackets men they haven't been
delivered yet they're going to be here
in 30 minutes we only have like two
jackets right now we're going to call
the first two in now you ready go wait
you got me at 12 o'clock 12 o'clock last
night basically we wouldn't a gentleman
still cop car building caught on fire
it's it really that crazy out here all
right well we're going to hook you guys
up let me go get the little gifts we got
for you guys this is the only thing we
could get there you go you are young our
faces my guy
God okay bro yeah no fire bro and then
for my man we got you a little something
you know you gotta use these on your
feet but if they get with another pair
let some cream whites for you thank you
stay well I guess you go enjoy it bro
shout out to the index as well all the
guys over here
appreciate that cool
hope you get to enjoy guys I feel like
I'm back in 2015 my man brought a
hoverboard what's up guy here you know
it is I'm gonna shout to my mom I love
you my friends Indy oh crap
you gotta thank you with his car towed a
writer you can amou and yeah I didn't go
find a joke I don't think all of a
sudden failure this guy whoo I'm going
to crash and you shot them up mouse
goofy to make my throw more time god
next stop on the sword is Houston
Houston you guys got to be more turned
important it is Portland his turn for
the first city shout to my homework is
I'll see y'all later at 6 p.m. he said
he just wants 200 all her so hopefully
it was worth it
yeah we got a shout-out my man's little
brother little brother angel in the
house watching I'm out here my man
pulled up with the dopest yet the
ugliest shirt I've ever seen
oh my god that's hideous shout shout out
to my man John Q P to my man right here
came out this was cool
this one's cool but my man right here he
got the best one shown that t-shirt oh
he died show me show what I mean what's
in the box what's in the box
you went so I got the same height so
it's good yeah so it works out okay so
my man just said he wants to do a little
bit flip a coin okay if I win you guys
find me shoes under 100 if he wins I get
to buy some merch okay so we're gonna
see we're going to call it I'll call
right now where I call head let me see
this let me make sure this is not a
double sided
okay you call heads yeah okay you gonna
let it fall on the floor yeah
grab three shoe also weird talk but what
will let it fit I will let it slide
okay figure out what you want okay so we
just shut down the pop-up for about 20
minutes to grab some foods but pretty
much the hoodie sold out the CREP
protect sold out t-shirts are very close
to selling out the house are very close
to selling out so shout out to everybody
who copped the dream cruise dance off to
me that's like the most important item
on the whole tour yeah man the bombers
are still left because the Bombers
actually arrived late like we got them
an hour ago and the pop-up started like
three four hours ago so the Bombers are
actually here so a lot of people who
weren't first in line are getting lucky
with the 3m bombers and they look
freaking sick in person so I bought the
guy of some 8 by the way for a hundred
bucks so shout out to him man of the
people
trying to get everybody to back up right
now so that they can get back I'd walk
clear and everybody's feeling your skin
and
alright guys so the pop-up just wrapped
up merge has completely sold out for
Portland that doesn't mean we don't have
any for the other cities so we even it
out so that each city has a certain
amount yeah man now we're going to head
out of here had a great time with
Portland thank you next up is in Houston
and is going to be absolutely crazy
because last year they had the whole
rain situation hopefully it's not
raining I heard it's hot as hell but it
should still be dope man taking a
picture of it no no you want to stick oh
you only wants me to take your pillow on
my camera this is from vlogging from
vlogging only private ok ok IG picture I
gotta be I'll BRB guys so this is the
famous voodoo doughnuts like they've got
a huge line over here just to get some
like crazy doughnuts but I'm gonna tell
you the truth
sorry Portland people not that great
eske doughnuts in LA is the place to be
false on the first problem I'm great to
last your soul tour I'm more organized
less stressful yeah I mean I am taking
shots man we needed people to organize
it better and that's what happened this
time yeah yeah head back to the hotel
rest relax
hit the hot tub rejuvenate when I get to
H town first thing I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna go to the gallery and I'm going to
cop some stuff you know I'm saying I
need to do some shopping
you guys did have a shopping I got a lot
of work out those basically public line
it'll all
Portland thank you guys for all the love
but it's time to head out after you guys
people like the struggle so you got to
struggle in the open boxes they even
gentlemen we got the official first ever
dream crew collab socks damn oh my god
the first time I seen them other than
the samples there look at this look at
that packaging stance oh seven dream
crew logo back animal dream to go go
with my social media sacred crew socks
will be available in Portland and then
Houston and then Chicago and then where
do we go up that too
