initially was brief
so machine marks fabric
okay so I am in the adidas head court
well not the head headquarters that's in
Germany but in the US headquarters and
look they got this easy on display right
here check this out like the poster the
hole this is like the hole right here
and these are here
superstars we've seen some crazy stuff
in here today guys I can't even talk
about it it's insane are we going to
continue the tour I'll check in with you
guys after all right guys so we are in
the adidas employee store and they
actually have some fire they got the
Pharrell joint these aren't even out yet
so these are freaking lid these come out
tomorrow okay tomorrow
it's Marcia and tomorrow index so they
have like the parler collection and it
comes out like a hundred bucks each 50%
off the entire store so what I'm
actually going to do is I'm going to do
$100 Adidas store challenged employee
adidas store challenge and see what I
can get from the story Loki wants to get
these right here but unfortunately so
with the hundred dollar challenge these
would only be 50 bucks and these are
Pharrell so this would be a really good
cop yes
once there's this in a month only 50
bucks
you
$100 back $200 Thanks
today were going to offered it to him
but yeah yeah I was like I wish it was
my size and now he just handed me a
sword I just pulled the string actually
oh there we go I got it
first of all gifts from adidas guys this
was not cuff from the store but look how
you open it oh my god that's so sick so
when you buy using so you can even try
them on no I'm saying yeah what I play
there's an artist and those are a proper
spot yes baby yeah bag bringing me a
black light right now so you get either
people down here you got it
Oh
little Mikey
alright guys so we are leaving adidas
now and huge shout-out Jean Wetzler for
showing us around and showing us some
crazy crazy stuff from the past the
present and the future like we saw stuff
that are coming out in 2018 like I can't
even tell you guys because like I got to
keep the top secret and then he also
showed us some insane easy samples that
were just like sitting casually in his
room in his office in his drawers
yeah the first I came and tell I came in
I don't even want to say anything but it
was like the first every sample and we
met the creator of boost which was
insane
like this was an experience that it like
it was so dope man super super dope yeah
we went to the store cop some stuff did
100 dollar challenge I show you guys my
pickups and it came out to evenly $100
which is insane because there's no tax
out here you filming and then we
actually all got some sneakers gifted
show me what you got gifted successful
climb of course seems like where's the
booth that now and I'm wearing the
Wendy's tomorrow well dr. Charisse we
got the Pharrell measles when did it
come out today where they come up
yesterday I remember pretty cool already
I'm gonna call a thank you
alright guys so we just got done eating
and we are going to head to downtown
Portland to check it out and probably
stop at index because that's where the
pop-up is tomorrow we're going to set up
for tomorrow and make sure everything is
good whether it's way better today by
the way so not a stick you yes it is
whether it was like draining like it
exhausted it is a little better be able
is in the point so we just pulled up to
index I said that's what I like is on
for me but they have this one all right
guys I'm horrible because I already
bought a pair of shoes I'm aware I'm
tomorrow so I'm not going to show you
guys what they are I couldn't help it
man I I really need to ship a lot of the
stuff I already bought in Portland back
home because I cannot carry it for the
rest of the tour wait alright guys so we
just left hopefully tomorrow will be a
great turnout interested to see how the
Portland crew is because I've never done
anything out here and last time we were
out here people were treating us like
crazy have a meet up have a meet up have
a meet up now we have in the meter
hopefully my Seattle crew comes in to I
know they were kind of salty that I
didn't do a pop up in Seattle but it's
not that far of a drive so hopefully
they make their way out and now we're
heading over to a coffee shop that is
Negro themed
come on GM
it's a coffee shop that sneaker themed
which is super super dope does that mean
they make those like you know and they
put pictures on coffee I've never had
coffee like that before I've never had
hot coffee in my life only I don't plan
to start today no I'll deal for the
Instagram picture but GM the director
they're going to make a coffee that has
like a Jordan one in it and it's super
hot with fruits going to have it just
for the vlog right just for the long
just for log just for you guys I'm
better off you lit an outlet understand
dinner
but never over this thing is heavy I
love how we're about to write these Nike
bikes and we all have a Dida's on so
we're about to bike and go on the other
side of the downtown Portland to check
out one more store and we want to go
over the bridge so I'm gonna actually
put my camera away because I don't want
to die all right let's go have some fun
nobody died
Stan's dream crew socks available on the
toy alright guys so this is the main
part of the video here basically we were
doing an adidas employee store $100
challenge it ended up I didn't even like
do the math correctly but when she rang
me up she said it's literally a hundred
dollars even exactly and I Portland got
no tax so as you can see a hundred
dollars even my goal was to get a few
things I ended up getting three things
she's got a pair of sneakers and a
hoodie and it still was only a hundred
dollars so very good success but
basically first things first we got the
eqt hoodie which is actually really new
on adidas comm from what I've seen but
it's super super simple gray hoodie
three stripes on like half of the hoodie
as well as the white sleeve original
price was $85 and it came out to forty
to fifty and then right before I checked
out I saw this and I was like a of only
Wurst and socks but this is a calf what
is this cap sleeve so this would be dope
to wear when I'm like playing basketball
is it only come with one this one was
originally 15 bucks it came up to 750
it's kind of like a heather gray so um
him I thought this was like two in here
yeah I screwed up but there's only one
of them it got me if I would have got
another one I wouldn't want to went over
$100 last but not least original price
is $100 even 50% off making this
challenge a success thank you very much
thank you very much
taking double use there's no boost on
here if these had boost they would
probably be more sought-after but they
don't have booths so these really
haven't been too hyped oh it's crazy how
much boost can do for an Adidas sneakers
but I don't think they wanted that with
these I think they wanted to make a fro
shoe that anybody can pretty much have
so that's why they took the boost out of
it and Heidi stayed away from it I
caught them but this was a great price I
wasn't even a fan really of the enemies
but the frill nmd human racers because
they were kind of uncomfortable to me
but these ones are pretty lit these will
probably be worn
like airplane rides and things like that
and that's pretty much going to wrap up
today's episode because it's actually
pretty early it's 8:30 but we've got a
long day because tomorrow is the first
day of the tour and then Sunday is the
Houston pop up at slam dunk HTC and then
Monday is Chicago at restock Chicago and
then next Wednesday is what Philly
I think it's Philly Philadelphia number
60 Boston on the 17th and then yeah 19th
and 20th this NYC yeah so that's the
first first half of the tour and then
Hong Kong and Australia will be the
second half so things are getting
intense man yeah that's it
