are you ready let's go currently what 6
a.m. or 7:00 a.m. so how does it feel to
know the next two weeks of your life
they're going to be documented Alex will
be able to look back on it for your
memories and like know how good it's
going to be funded we're off to Portland
which is the first stop we're going a
few days early to check out Nike and
Adidas you know that's where the head
office is our job looks like a WWF
future WWE wrestler proved too busy
texting his girls GM actually has a
YouTube channel on the low cloud lease
we get we got first class but first pops
in the back of the plane
always texting back oh my god I passed
out we out here
Portland conference call Rutland you
know you I just got good news so this is
how he called me the socks are in but we
have to figure out how we're going to
get him here who it almost luck to me
yeah to a Laird is there in this dance
office right now I'm going to have him
send the ones for Portland here and then
have him send
alright guys to start things off out
here in Portland we are in the Nike
headquarters in Beaverton Ohio Beaverton
Oregon
I said Ohio I don't know why I said I'm
watching too much jig Paul it is so
freakin lit I'm so excited if you
remember last year when we came to
Portland me off and yg we couldn't even
get into anything we couldn't even get
into the employee store until the end of
the day there's a freaking line alright
what the hell my jeans are being crushed
right now I can't find a way into the
19:40 store guys this is the furthest we
got in we went through the exit and try
to say that we know somebody but we
don't know anybody but they wouldn't let
us dance this time we gained a little
tour of campus so I'm excited I don't
know how much I can film
arga√Ø so it's so freakin humid and hot
out here but we just left the Nike head
office and we are leaving to the
employee store now it is literally 50%
off everything in the store and on top
of that there's no tax out here so we
have to go kind of ham I really want to
get those history of flight 13 most
important yeah the white ones those
would be sick yeah I like those because
they were originally one of those it was
a set of the whole jaw all the Jordans
I don't know why they decided to just
released 13
you know that's what I'm thinking we
couldn't get in last year now we walk
into the front of the store
hi guys so basically there's no filming
no facetiming no no type of pictures or
anything in this store so I'm gonna have
to put you guys away but I will check in
with you guys
afterwards to show you guys all my
pickups and I might just take some
pictures I think I could take pictures
inside I don't know we'll see but it's
time to go check out the employee store
we go in Hamm
yeah and would you get one bag oh we all
got one oh no you got two bad GM going
all right be in cast down no I know it's
everything for my sister so yeah family
man your boy really didn't cop anything
honestly one thing I didn't like is they
changed it from 50% off and now it's
only 40% off like you could get that
online basically if you don't at all
yeah so that was kind of crappy and then
on top of that there wasn't really too
much only thing I got were these right
here J's that I've been wanting like
history of what why is that white little
history of flight right here these are
so clean I just got a bunch of gym stuff
because your boys trying to
I'm trying to get back in the gym right
I'm hungry again
are you hungry I'm hungry again in my
head hurt so should we go back to hotel
should we go somewhere I wish reading
YouTube tradition guys got to go outside
of the store before the uber comes to
get a nice thumbnail but since I only
bought one bag I'm going to borrow their
bags so it looks like I got more stuff
in the Sun now you feel me please don't
hate me
is that good hard let's go pop the truck
take if you make it and we're going to
you're going to use this camera alright
guys so we are back here at our hotel
room and let's just say this year's tour
is way less hectic look how relaxed
these guys are in their room your boys
crashing on the couch you see the
freaking respect I get they make me
sleep on the couch but anyway no kidding
I chose it on the fork awesome got the
Nintendo switch we were playing earlier
Portland is going to get super super
spoiled because I got a few jerseys from
the sample collab I'm going to give
those away and then I've just got random
stuff like this is the Fenix hat the one
a 50 I just found one in my apartment so
I got one of these I'm gonna give away I
found a few la sneaker con hats right
here so there's like ten of these these
were supposed to be friends and family
but I held onto them and I'm just going
to give them away every city we're just
going to find stuff to give away whether
it's merch or like co-op or sneakers
whatever it is we're going to going to
find stuff to give back to you guys for
coming out and showing support there's a
few updates as well
the first update is that the stance offs
are here they weren't supposed to come
until September first but they are here
so they will be available at on the tour
at every pop-up they're going to be very
very limited I don't even want to tell
you guys the amount because you guys are
going to get mad at how there's not a
lot of them but it's going to be very
very limited so if you want one make
sure you come early so we do Friday is
Portland and then Sunday is Chicago
oh sorry Houston is actually before
Chicago that is on Sunday Chicago's on
Monday and I guess Chicago Monday school
starts so we have extended the pop-up
hours to be there later - what time 7
p.m.
and then after that is the rest of the
shows yeah man if you guys have any
questions or anything like that about
the tour I know a lot of people are
asking about prices on everything we
don't have the official prices of
everything we're still figuring
everything out if you have any questions
tweet me I would try to get to you
guys's questions and and give you guys
all the information so I've been wanting
these for a minute finally got them
I think these came out to like a hundred
and fourteen dollars so 114 for these is
not bad this little lunch box 90 lunch
box I'm going to put my camera in here
my other one I brought my my old camera
just in case this one fails me so I need
something with a little bit of padding
and cushion so this is not going to be
used for my lunch this shirt right here
yeah nothing too crazy this one was like
14 to 21 dollars I paid $21 for this so
would have been better it was like 50%
off but whatever honestly guys that's
pretty much it for today I don't think
we're going to do anything else but go
hit the jacuzzi up for a little bit and
relax so I know this vlog was kind of
wack hos tired man I was super super
tired I barely got any sleep last night
and we came back here in that crash then
then we woke up an aide and relaxed and
yeah tomorrow is going to be way way
better though we're going to explore
downtown we're going to explore adidas
get ready for Friday which is going to
be a movie so if you're important I'll
see you guys Friday everybody else I'll
see you when we come for the tour
