well mr. Turner I must admit the sound
that they actually know the material
yeah and we found that out without
giving them attention
oh you don't call what they just went
through a test I call it learning thank
you yes well that's what we're here for
y'all what is going on in crew family I
am currently in my car as you can tell
obviously but today is kind of a crazy
day I'm going to be running all over the
place because today is the last day in
Los Angeles before I leave to Portland
which starts my tour all of a sudden the
tour presented by creping tech so it's
going to be so freaking lit but there's
so much that needs to be done
I have impact I'm going to get a haircut
right now the reason why I'm starting my
day so late is because I didn't know how
much work 4k would be it was easy to
edit 4k the only problem was that it was
such a big file that when I uploaded to
YouTube it took an hour when usually it
takes five minutes and then I had to
process it and now it's still processing
on YouTube even though I had to leave my
house for my haircut I was thinking like
I can't do this out of hotel Wi-Fi while
I'm on tour I can't be uploading 4k out
of hotel what like it's going to be
impossible it's going to take hours and
hours and hours and it's going to delay
me I'm still going to film in 4k but I'm
going to upload in 1080p so the quality
will still be good it's just when you
watch it it will be it won't be 4k crisp
it will just be 1080p so that it uploads
on time and you guys are still going to
get crazy good quality and it's you'll
still be able to tell the difference so
it's so much good
Oh
alright guys so I just got my cut right
now and I feel so so clean I feel so
good you feel me but now we bout to head
out and go towards Orange County and
meet up with my sister and my
brother-in-law and the baby and have a
good time so I don't know how much I
know I'm gonna vlog there so this is
what we're going to do I'm going to
swing it back to myself at the crib
where I got a package a very crucial and
important package because I'm also going
to be telling you guys a reason why I
got this package ok I'm talking too much
hippy intro what's in a box was good was
good evil about unbox these boxes right
here your family one two two boxes okay
so the first one I bought these because
I need them for a specific event as part
of all of a sudden the tour we will be
going to Hong Kong for sneaker con and
sneakers on just announced last week
that there will be a special guest
coming to sneaker con Hong Kong let's no
not myself don't worry the legendary one
of the greatest shooters in NBA history
Ray Allen is coming to Hong Kong sneaker
con from one three-point specialist to
another it is going to be an honor to
meet him shake his hand and possibly get
him in my vlog so it's going to be
interesting what happened your boy might
have an interview with the man himself
and I might challenge him to a
three-point contest I miss being the
three-point champion I got these from
Seoul supremacy I wasn't able to pick
them up when I was in the Bay Area last
week so I told them to just ship them
out to me I've always wanted one of
these not your everyday Jordan box that
you see in my vlog these are the boxes
that we used to get in high school man
this one and then the one with his face
on it basically I got these because
obviously I wanted to get a shoe that
Ray Allen when I meet him I can get him
to autograph I haven't even seen them in
person yet wait a minute and it comes
with the t-shirt I didn't even know that
oh my god as you guys can see we got the
very crispy the very clean
Ray Allen Thirteen's deadstock
basically these are my first-ever p/es I
get oh I've had Kobe peas but these are
my first ever Jordan Pease which is
freaking insane
these are just so freakin beautiful oh
my god these oh my god I can't believe I
have these these are so freakin sick man
quality on here is just oh my god and
yeah I know there is a lot of like fake
pairs of these floating around social
parents you don't play around so you boy
got that legit legit and I paid a pretty
penny for it but I still think I've got
a really good price so I can pick up I
really don't have an idea of what it is
but I believe it's from champs because
you know that the the tracking said it
was from champs I think it might be a
pair of nmds because on this on the
label it said an abuse package so yeah
I've never seen this type of packaging
before oh yeah special packaging I love
that transports logo right there I'm
sure I didn't turn on the lights that I
usually turn on because this camera so
like bright so I'm sorry if there's like
a shadow when I put things close we
invite you to take part in this mission
with the chalk all of nmd now available
exclusively at champ sports okay first
of all look at this packaging look look
at this these are like like actual legit
photos that are just like hanging here
and then over here got ourselves in yes
a little
MMD notebook with OH adidas MMD no oh
this is going to be my new idea book
adidas nmd pencil page 1 Wow
so these are actually really really nice
it's got like a cream upper it reminds
me of the cream ultra boost and then
it's got like an olive green a brick are
no determinants for these little things
are here about McCullum bricks okay now
back to your regularly scheduled vlog
you feel me
we got to promote the tour merch which
I'm wearing right now wearing the shorts
so also in the tour shirt shorts
champion brand I show you guys all the
merchants Aitor
it happened to baby
you can kill me
all right guys are going inside way I'm
eating to get there but for somebody
with some some nice cars um some whips
ya know like this Honda Civic though I'm
up in the forum you ready now you know
cops of foreign Honda Civic you know no
big deal
real Japanese muscle okay so this is
what's going down right now basically
earlier today the merge came in I
haven't really showed it to you guys in
the vlogs but check it out check it out
check it out you know same anyway I told
the truth I was like yo let's have a
photo shoot we leave tomorrow for the
first city which is Portland let's have
a photo shoot this is fine some nice
cars and he said say no more he
delivered and then I hit up Jacob who's
here for like a week right there and I
said yo we need you to take some fire
photos so he said he's down you know I'm
saying creative minds all coming
together making some epic stuff and we
bout to be taking some pictures in these
cars
what is up y'all so we're never to lose
you right now oh yeah are you guys
excited for the tour
I am GM's all ready for GM you ready for
the tour life
round 2 Omega just focus on the
Thunderbolt
we are quite ordinary is this thing
recording honestly I don't know it's
like so confusing sometimes but I like
the quality anyway it is currently like
3:30 a.m. I'm still packing right now
it's not easy to pack 2 weeks worth of
stuff into one luggage and all this
equipment for filming and creating the
content for you guys so hopefully I
can't get it done and I can start
editing because I don't think I'm going
to get any sleep tonight I'm going to
have to cut it off now because like I
have so much to do this Friday the first
stop on the tour Portland make sure you
guys find us at index Houston on Sunday
Monday is Chicago and then the rest of
the tour continues I'm out of here cream
crew
