what kind of tells you be doing just
like YouTube millat blogs and stuff oh
okay yeah you feel why everybody want to
be famous but nobody want to put into
work what is good dream to a family
welcome back boy me tight for the first
time ever I am coming to you guys in 4k
I thought I would upgrade finally I
mentioned it in my last vlog but I just
wanted to make everything next level for
the tour I'm currently outside and
making new apartments my first time
being here so I'm gonna check out his
apartment as well as the freakin Lakers
basketball court here so I'm excited
about that but in the meantime until he
gets here I unbox something the other
day when I got home from the Bay Area so
let's enjoy this quick unboxing test
octave logoff what's in the box okay so
most of the stuff I actually ordered
myself except this one this one was sent
to me I'm going to make a huge mess
right now I really don't care
these right here are from my peoples
over at private labels so as you guys
remember they sent me this bag this one
right here the sneaker bag well now they
have a backpack this right here is the
private label sneaker backpack perfect
timing because obviously you guys know I
start my tour in a few days this Friday
is the first stop of the store in
Portland now you're wondering hey how do
you how do you put the sneakers in here
well it opens from the side so as you
guys can see a bunch of like squats here
and things like that I'm gonna call
these bridges the bridges you put them
in there being super sloppy with this
thing I would put two shoes one right
here one right here and then I would put
my camera in that area if this is
available now which I'm not sure if it
is I will link it down below maybe there
might be a collab coming soon I don't
know I might have leaked some
information that I wasn't supposed to
leak next up I picked this up off of
Adidas comm hi so this is like a
windbreaker jumpsuit right here
the pants like the green pants we've got
the matching windbreaker top right here
very very clean this is another adidas
purchase right here I've been wanting
these shoes for so so long now I do this
this is they do not send me these I
bought these with my own money which I
was kind of salty about because I feel
like as the former three-point champion
I should be getting these shoes to
improve my three-point capabilities so
that at the next niekirk on hoops
classic I can I'm just kidding
settlement never mind wondering well why
is there two boxes well because your boy
guys not only bought one for myself I
wanted to one of you guys but I've
already given away so don't know aspera
mean cash nasty without him that the
Warriors with when they did and then at
sneaker con la I talked to him and I
said instead of him buying me a shoe
give me the money and I'll buy it for a
subscriber of ours
I picked a subscriber to Twitter I got a
pair for him a size twelve and I got a
size ten for myself AM Wow
be probably wondering why did I get the
piss yellow color way when I'm playing
basketball I want my shoes look the best
on the court the last version the 2016
version was amazing and this one just
looks like a really great upgrade but I
didn't get the same colorway from my
home be that I picked on Twitter I got
him the regular white coat while these
are nice I got him the regular white
colourway I got myself two yellow fill
away because not everybody's as you know
spontaneous and likes to wear big birds
of skin on his feet lit I have been
trying to get this last package for so
frickin long this thing has been sold
out for months I want to say now perfect
timing that I finally went and i
pre-ordered it and it's finally here
because this my friends is definitely
going on tour with me because I can use
this literally anywhere
Brook anyway all whoa this is the new
console from Nintendo it is basically a
Nintendo system on the go so basically
the screen is built into the controller
you can use it at home on your
big-screen or you can use it with the
screen take it on the plane play it
wherever I got it specifically because I
wanted to play Mario Kart on the plane
it is so lit like why is this so small I
have no idea tour life is not going to
be hectic this year Thank You Newton I
bought this it's not a paid
advertisement all right guys so we are
going to walk and eat so a lot of people
you know they noticed something on the
flyer for the tour I kind of broke the
news without even his permission but you
know we have to announce the tour dates
everybody knows mag Park OC is coming
soon give them the details yeah so uh
number nine is going down all of a
sudden tour I mean we got a couple
pop-ups coming up right before then and
then we got a big big new space oh my
guy and all of a sudden so we're so
excited I can't believe you leaked it
super excited to get this open it's
going to be freaking crazy so all the
OCD people you're going to have yourself
the new sneaker store out there so it's
going to be pretty pretty late fall oh
the new OC Mac Park so magcargo see yeah
follow that and then my pop-up we're at
the new Mac Park is September 9th so
yeah we got something super special for
your deck yeah it's going to be freaking
crazy we do what is I don't even know we
haven't even talked about it
alright guys is gonna be friggin lit but
yeah I leave Friday so I'm not even
going to see Mickey until I come back
from Australia which is like September
5th or fourth or something there you
like see me in Asia oh hey Alan ain't
the only one coming it's like nice kicks
around here yeah big one right there oh
wow that's hella cool it was JEP that
these are the crazy explosive Aditya the
good news they dropped my cure my heart
and haven't got him out yet so much
other corner it looks super comfy
see how they are they're super Sana'a
alright guys so just got done hooping
played a couple of games it felt good
knee wasn't bothering me that much kind
of hard for me to make quick cuts and
things like that not that I'm the
quickest player in the world I mean it
just sucks not having my knee to a
thousand percent the shoes let me tell
you guys at first they really hurt my
feet but after the second game they felt
good as far as the upper goes cushioning
felt good obviously boost is super super
comfortable but my only complaint is
that them things feel like bricks on my
feet I don't like it I feel like I'm
playing in a LeBron they feel super
light but when you put them on the boost
on here I guess that's what makes it a
little heavier it's maybe I just need to
get some getting used to because I'm so
used to playing in lighter shoes I
wouldn't say it's the best basketball
shoe of the year just because there's a
lot coming out within the next few
months for the next season but it could
be a prospect and then shout-out to
Mickey for getting me this I needed this
for my trip this is a more fee but you
know I might be so I had to get the
supreme run Supreme One and now it's
time to leave downtown and head to my
crib so I will see you guys at home so
I'm about four days away from the
biggest trip of my life all of a sudden
the tour presented by CREP attacked why
it is the biggest trip of my life
because I'm going on a freaking tour not
only in the United States but we're
going international man we're going a
freaking Hong Kong we're going to
Australia and then we come back we do
more American places it's going to be so
freakin crazy the first stops are in
Portland I'm going a few days earlier to
take care of some business and then we
got Houston right after this Sunday and
then we got Chicago and Chicago always
shows so much love that's a hardest part
when it comes to traveling especially
when you're traveling a long amount of
time like I am about to do it's figuring
out what sneakers I'm going to take I
don't know if you guys know this but I
have quite a few sneakers so I got to be
smart with it
this is a shoe that I definitely want to
wear in some city but this it's not
worth me taking this shoe for two weeks
of travel just to wear it in one city
this is going to have to say even same
thing with like the PSN wise this is one
that I definitely want to take and wear
to a pop-up but again it's like not
worth taking because I'm not going to
wear this every single day there's
probably going to be some times on the
tour where I've a pair of shoes where
for a pop open and end up giving it away
I did that on the tour a few times I
plan to wear my own merch most of the
time when I'm on the tour so like it's
going to be easy for me to pass because
I'm really going to pick up all my tour
stuff from the first pop up in Portland
only thing I need to really pack or
underwear shorts will actually I even
have tour basketball shorts so I don't
really need to pack basketball shorts oh
yeah I need to show you guys this all
right let's go have a talk yo this
camera is so lit in low light I love it
shout-out to Tony D for recommending
this camera for me I like that as you
guys know I was back home in the Bay
Area for about a week and a half and in
that week and a half I just went through
and found hella old stuff I found a few
old home videos of me and my friends and
cousins just doing stupid stuff this was
like way before YouTube was even created
so I'm going to show you guys some quick
clips
hey what's our this is guys Oman here
you're on the set of making the video
with top connec oh this is where the
beginning of the video is gonna be
taking place you know you got to have
the pink you know you kept it right
there this is ah nobody do or like to do
so
and they're working no.12 husbands but
about what we've not killed my father
you've done let yourself in again what
are you talking about you yourself any
kids
Suchi Gavin's any master okay he's
English please I cannot understand what
is your happiness right yeah she was she
killed my my kids you know rabbit came
and went
I've been here from the start I ain't no
put it the jello I can take it apart
yeah those were really some good
memories but then something else I
stumbled upon when I was just looking
through a random folder I had I found my
first ever check from YouTube not the
actual chest
the check was attached here but this is
basically the check stub this is pretty
interesting and this is something I've
never done before I've never really
talked about YouTube and money before
it's just something that some people
aren't comfortable with and it's
something that I kind of just stay away
from because I didn't start YouTube for
money obviously I get paid from YouTube
now and that's the way I make a living
is off of YouTube so it is something
that I do YouTube for but it's not the
reason I started and it's not the main
reason why I continue to do it I do it
because I love creating content and
because I've been into making films as
you saw from those previous videos since
I was super super young the reason why I
want to show you this is just to
hopefully he sparks some motivation and
some of you guys because when I found
this motivated the hell out of me
because I'm going to compare my first
check to a video on my crew kicks
channel to start things off this is my
check my first ever check from YouTube
this check was issued on May 26 2011 and
it is for a hundred and thirty four
dollars and forty-five cents a hundred
and thirty four dollars and forty-five
cents now the reason why this is so
crazy to me is because obviously this
check is from May 26 2011 I started my
youtube channel in 2007 that means I did
not make a dollar from 2007 to 2011 but
I still uploaded throughout those years
I remember when I got this first check I
remember I was so freakin happy I felt
like I had just conquered everything I
wanted to show this to my mom my dad and
say hey
look I actually made money off of making
videos I've been making videos for so
many years now it hasn't made me
anything but look I finally got a
frickin check and I thought it was so
cool and I showed it to my parents and
they were like wow that's amazing keep
it up and I did man now freakin six
years later we're here and I never gave
up after that I made my dream become a
reality basically now I want to compare
this check to one video on coop cakes so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
to Crewe cakes I'm going to go to the
creators app which is basically an app
that shows you how much money each video
is made over time it shows you how much
money you're making at the moment a
whole bunch of stuff I'm going to go to
my most popular video on this channel
basically this video right here is my
entire sneaker collection I upload this
May 13 2016 and today is August 6 this
video in about a year has made me four
thousand four hundred and eight dollars
and ninety cents four thousand dollars
off of one youtube video this was a
year's worth of work for a hundred and
thirty dollars this is motivation to me
this is going to be framed and put on my
wall and this is going to be a reminder
and no matter what anybody says to me if
I'm feeling down or if I feel like
giving up I need to look at this check
and I need to get up and I need to grind
hard and work hard my suggestion to you
guys is to go back find that first ever
paid pay stub you ever had and use that
as motivation to grind hard every single
day man anything is really possible as
cheesy as it sounds man as cliche as it
sounds do exactly what you love to do
despite what people think and have to
say about it been doing this for almost
ten years now and I still feel like this
is the start I cannot wait til we hit 1
million subscribers guys I can't
freaking away by the way we're like
9,000 subscribers away from 800,000 so
if you're not subscribed click that
button and subscribe we're giving those
away when we reach 1 million subscribers
basically the rest of the night I'm
going to be spending watching Monday
Night Raw figuring out what I'm going to
pack because I might as well start today
instead of starting tomorrow and I need
to spend tons of time figuring out if I
can edit this vlog in 4k because I feel
like I'm going to be struggling again
guys all of a sudden the tour starts
this weekend and Friday we are important
Sunday we are in Houston we are going to
be selling these right here the cream
crew collab how many wipes does come
with I think it comes with like like
nine wipes nine or something like that
and we're going to be given a few away
per city so you might want to show up
and cop yourself one of these oh that
would be so smart I think what I want to
do is anybody who buys one of these I'm
going to put a raffle ticket in like 2 2
or 3 of them per city and when you buy
one and open it if you have the ticket
in there you win so all that's genius
ok I don't know if I'm going to do that
100% but I'm going to talk to foo and
I'm going to see what he says because
that would be so freaking dope oh it's
like Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory but
with prep protect eyes Omar and a creme
protect back there oh we are here is
what to be my downstairs neighbors for
sure hate me
