so basically I have not uploaded
anything on this channel for about five
to six days or something like that as I
last spoke to you guys I told you that
you know my grandpa was sick I needed
some time to just spend time with family
and not worry about blogging and in all
that stuff I took a week off and my
grandpa actually passed away last um
last Tuesday and I don't want to talk
too much about it but I was able to see
him before he left when it comes to you
know old age and things like that you
know we do have some time to prepare
ourselves and know it's coming but it
still sucks and it still is really
painful at the end of the day to see it
happen and he's in a better place now so
thank you to everybody who tweeted us
and and some of their prayers now it's
time to just keep going man and
everything I do from here on out is for
him it's for my family it's for Mina and
it's for you guys so I tried to vlog and
have my first day of vlogging back
yesterday but it didn't work so that
Prime's is here sitting in front of the
camera for you guys tomorrow
we'll be back to our regularly scheduled
programming things will be a little bit
different when I come back 4k camera so
we will be doing 4k for all the vlogs
from now on starting to tour this
weekend this Friday is the first day of
the tour in Portland so I wanted to you
know just spring a new vibe 4k as you
saw from the title I actually got a
package yesterday I want to show you
guys the package here's an unboxing I
did Jordan Brand sent me something so
thank you Jordan Brand I have a time at
the intro
what's in a box so basically this is
what happened Jordan Brand hit me up and
they said they wanted to send me
something but not just for myself for
both of us so first time they've ever
sent her something so she's on the list
it's a pretty big box but looks like it
has to cheese in years happy neither
shoes because I was trying to think like
what shoes are coming out because I
don't think they'll send us anything old
so Jordan was right in one well I'm
pretty sure it's going to be the same
shoe it's gonna be the same sure I don't
think it's what we thought it was going
to be I tried to read the label first
can you stop myself Oh oh my gosh oh my
nose endo this is actually really sick
the other day I had my satin my royal
line and then I was thinking how like I
wanted the red parrot this is my
assignment yeah so this is the I've seen
pictures of these online here I didn't
think it was real I mean this is a bread
one but it's the this is the Flyknit
version so what they did is they took
the og and they remade it with the new
technology so it's a lot of people have
mixed feelings on this but I actually
liked I guess yeah look at that the
leather soft liner
matching fake ice and Mina hope all is
well Congrats on your engagement we
wanted to send you both a little
something special in celebration of this
moment and next chapter of your life
hope you enjoyed your embrace let's take
our journey
oh so Jordan Brand sent us a
personalized message pretty little
something you get a cute fret we got to
keep you in our culture in forever I
know there's a gift from Jordan Brand
I'm really excited
Thank You Daisy I kind of want to wear
these today not yours oh yeah sua to be
machen all right way to go max oh look
at them in the inside they put the 1985
1985 look that's sick just like the
regular pair they got the right in there
look at the inside of the tank I was
just about to say I like look how it
feels like it's super stretchy these are
going to be ridiculously comfortable yes
I think she has times
so Chad asked Jordan but for these these
are actually really dope we really
appreciate it thanks guys
you can't smash at it until tomorrow huh
alright guys so yeah that's that's
pretty much it for today's video like I
said I'll be back tomorrow with an
actual very lit to normal dream true
episode so I'll see you guys then thank
you guys for your support we start to
tour this Friday all of a sudden the
tour presented by a crab protect I would
really appreciate it if you guys could
come out and support each stop on the
tour I'm gonna try to make every single
stop worth it I'm going to try to make
it work all your days at times also I'm
going to help me keep my mind straight
and it's going to motivate me to you
know keep pushing and to keep grinding
and meeting all you guys it's going to
put my motivation on another level so I
really need this right now
thank you guys ahead of time for anybody
who plans to come to the tour see you
guys tomorrow
dream crew I'm out of here
