what's going on dream crew family this
is basically a quick update please watch
the whole thing because I'm going to be
talking about a giveaway that I'm about
to do free Easy's I'm going to talk
about the tour and I'm going to talk
about a crazy idea that I'm going to be
doing in honor of the 10 year
anniversary of myself on YouTube
basically I'm back home in the Bay Area
and I haven't been vlogging much it's a
very very sad time for me in my family
my grandpa's in a hospital I've been
avoiding kind of talking about it if you
guys can all just pray for me and my
family that would be best
next week is all of a sudden the tour
I'm going to be going to multiple cities
to do meet and greets and meet you guys
so I need all you guys who are in the
areas to come out and show support
because it's going to be absolutely
insane we're going to have exclusive
merch we're going to be doing crazy
giveaways it is totally free to come to
any of the pop-ups unless it's at a
sneaker con so some of the cities on the
tour are sneaker con to get into sneaker
con you have to pay but for all the
other pop-ups those are completely 100%
free just so I can go through the list
pretty quick I'm going to read it off on
my phone because I mean I don't have it
memorized just yet here is the official
updated tour list which starts next
Friday August 11th in Portland August
13th in Houston August 14th in Chicago
August 16th in Philadelphia August 17th
in Boston August 19th and August 20th in
New York City he's going to be late
August 26 will be sneaker con in Hong
Kong September 2nd Australia sneaker con
September 9th
will be Mac Park in OC magcargo see you
heard it here first
September 10th will be Vegas September
23rd will be Atlantis niekirk on
September 24th will be Orlando September
30th will be Bay Area September 30th is
probably the most important thing
because on the 29th of September is the
10 year anniversary date so September
30th we're doing it back home in the Bay
and it's going to be super super late
October 1st will be Sacramento October
14th will be Toronto and that is a
sneaker con and then October will also
be DC and Phoenix but we have not
dates for those two cities it's going to
be ridiculous and of course of course of
course it is presented by CREP protect
so like I said we're going to be giving
out a lot of crap protect for the people
who might not be able to come to those
cities because they live somewhere far
away I still want to do a giveaway in
honor of the tour and in honor of the 10
year anniversary so right now if you go
to my Instagram I just posted this flyer
all you have to do is repost this flyer
use the hashtag dream crew in the
caption and you have to follow myself at
Kai so mark Repp protect and presented
by shop for a chance to win the Yeezy
750 chocolate in your size so go to my
Instagram right now enter the contest
and you can win it's a worldwide contest
and one lucky winner will win a brand
new pair of ez 750 chocolates and now I
have one more huge announcement every
single Friday for the month of September
we are going to have a online
merchandise drop there's five Friday's
in September the last Friday is the 10
year anniversary of my YouTube journey
every single Friday will be different
items and all the online merch will be
exclusive to online so the tour stuff
the tour merch will be completely
different from the online merch it's
going to be totally different so again
every single Friday on dream crew calm
we are going to be releasing merch for
the month of September but every single
item is completely limited alright guys
so that's pretty much it I hope you guys
enjoyed the update and please spread the
word about the tour make sure you guys
come out I want to see which city is the
craziest the crazier the cities get the
more giveaways we're going to do in each
of those cities because we need to see
the dream cool of we need to get
together and celebrate 10 years of never
giving up on my dream 10 years of the
dream crew 10 years of just doing what I
love and spreading that positive energy
and that's where dream careers dream
crew is never giving up on your dreams
whether it takes a day whether it takes
a year or whether it takes 10 years
never give up on your dream and that is
what we are celebrating on all of a
sudden the tour all right guys I'm out
of here again I will be back to
regularly vlogging very very soon so
please do not leave me do not
I just have some family issues and I
hope you guys understand and dream crew
I would really appreciate it if you guys
hit that thumbs up and if you are coming
to the tour I will see you very very
very very soon you never know who's
going to pop up because I got some
special guests coming through - all
right too much talking
I'm out of here
