and I originally wasn't even gonna you
know respond to this but I got why not
yeah man I got the hypest kicks in the
world I'm not worried about these women
looking at me I was what to do is to
look at me because I got the $1,500
chicks on let's get it
you've got no line at your booth you got
no line at your booth you've got no line
at your booth going on guys I'm at great
mall right here which is like the
premier outlets here in the Bay Area and
I wanted to do a challenge for you guys
I don't know if it's been done before
I'm going to do a hundred dollar
challenge but I'm going to do a Nike
outlet hundred dollar challenge versus
an adidas outlet hundred dollar
challenge so we're going to see which
outlet has the better you know the
steals what can I get for $100 at each
of those stores so let's go ahead and
get inside you feel me
you've got no manageable so earlier
today I actually got these shorts that
I'm wearing right here I met him at
sigue con la and what he does is he
takes Mitchell and they're short and he
has pockets to it my man pulled up on me
and he had to bless me with a pair of
shorts and what's up as Jason was open
oh man right now we got a special
project up in there
fantastic pull Joyce he's our Father all
of them take a look at me there oh man
check them out on the link up down below
check out their Instagram my tactical so
19 is the first door so let's go ahead
and see what they got
let's get it okay first thing I found
out the outlet was the hallway these are
okay nevermind our guys the first thing
I see right here are these KD 9
multicolor these are actually pretty lit
$99 but that would be our whole budget
so I'm gonna look around a little bit
more because I don't really need another
pair of basketball shoes when you're
ever in doubt and you're at a night out
let's ask them if they have any fire in
the back that's what they have the
secret stuff sidenote why is Nike using
Calabasas font on their basketball
alright guys so Nike was pretty dry I
really didn't have anything worth coffee
when I do these challenges I make sure
to buy something that I actually want
I'm going to go to adidas now and
hopefully they have something worth hop
in that I can use that Hondo on so let
this go hundred challenge is not over
yet I'll do this next up again alright
guys so I'm in adidas now the first
thing I noticed is a championship
warriors gear play Thompson Jersey but
they only got them bigger sizes so the
thing that sucks with outlets is they
used to actually have a lot of steals
but these days all the good stuff like
they keep them at the registers with
Nike and Adidas and they still charge
full price like aren't you an outlet for
a reason so if this shoe right here has
boost in it this would be my pick up for
the day these are freaking clean
and this hundred dollar challenge stuffs
not for me I can't find anything if
we're going to go ball out at the real
mall cook bake King where's my ring
hands in the air six I think you chief
it you got me my yo girl there's no
almighty alright guys so I just got to
Valley Fair and Valley Fair is the
premier mall in the Bay Area let me tell
you guys that I used to work here
your boys falling out no D wait you've
got no line at your booth
you got no line at you you got no line
at your booth don't watch me the diners
are tomorrow guys they're smart guys
also look at you wanted to find on the
happy it's gold
guys what is life your hundred dollar
Nike outlet and adidas outlet video
turns into an LV supreme pick up video
you know I'm saying anything is possible
in the crew anything anything we cashed
out there oh the vibes is nice today man
well most only comes in the vlog when
you got that LV supreme I got one two
three four five six seven
ain't no but really guys I'm trying to
flex or anything like that like I had no
intention to buy all this stuff but
literally they had like hella stuff that
I like stuff I needed a lot of the stuff
that I got is for the tour exactly
exactly they don't want you to flex and
then you know you can't pass up on LV
supreme for retail I'm surprised that
they even had it you know what I'm
saying as you guys know we released a
fire track and you know there was a lot
of people who made reaction videos and
I'm happy about that that's what we
wanted we wanted to you know throw some
spice on the plate you know I'm saying
we wanted to spice up the dish give
people something to talk about you know
me saying who were they dissing who were
those shots directed to why did these
guys who aren't rappers make a damn song
it was all for fun man
we're not here trying to drop mixtapes
and things like that but only one person
so far has actually made a response song
which is like blenders one of the young
guys in this sneaker YouTube world you
know I have so much respect for him and
his family the song itself was meant to
be towards all of the youtubers and just
making fun of all of us like half the
stuff we talk about this stuff that I've
done it's stuff that Tony's done stuff
that bull has done you know some of the
lines are even disses towards me and I'm
in the crew now but where's my Yeezys
though kind of like poking fun at how a
lot of my content relates around Yeezys
I'm going to watch this video so the
song is called last track so I think
actually we did something good for the
world as we are ending his rap career
I'm just kidding those a joke when you
okay
like I said all just for fun
flashback but the pan shot appears only
Vangelis for about two years
we taken over you already know you know
because course before you bro medium up
would be because I got the bull and I
run the game like I'm you simple auto to
gucci louis yard another rocky north to
be sold under specific item on the only
one bigger than our but else just back
off
because you know we're just having some
fun let's go no word of the Kami who
these are my wraps yeah you know witbier
listen tree won't hurt you might as well
retire okay so i believe his name is
Gavin I've met him before he actually
spit bars but it has really nothing to
do with anything his verse was not
directed towards anyone you didn't say
anything that was related to the
response of the disc well he spoke spit
bars like that was good good job Blake I
liked it you had fun with it you didn't
take it too personal I would have liked
to see a little more shots fired you
could have went a little bit harder but
it was good man again like this is all
us showing the world that we can do more
than just unbox sneakers we could make
dope content we are expanding as a
community you know a lot of people they
get mad when they see stuff like this
why are these guys rapping they're not
rappers we can't just be like just we
can't just sit in our little corner so
people around us can be like okay that's
that's how you guys do it you stay there
and that's your lane why can't we go
outside of our corner I can't we think
outside of our box why can't we make
content the way other youtubers and how
the rest of YouTube works and that's it
that's something that a lot of people
aren't comfortable with but hey this is
the movement and that's what we're doing
so shout out to blake shout to tony
shout out the bull shout out to unknown
I know it was we're not rappers we're
not trying to be rappers but if we want
to make Moosic we're going to make music
and if you're going to hate you can hate
sit on your couch and hey now let me
show you guys all my mall pickups by the
way insane my tour starts in exactly two
weeks the first stop will be in
Lin on August 11th and then on August
13th is Houston
okay let me show you guys what I bought
oh by the way like every city is free
unless it's a sneaker Kong because they
pick on you have to pay to get in but
all the other pop-ups are free exclusive
merch the whole shebang is going to be
laid by from PacSun I got this WWE shirt
Macho Man Randy Savage ultimate warrior
Ric Flair sergeant slaughter black
sweatpants with the red stripe on the
side kind of has that Calabasas
sweatpants feel to it I don't have the
Calabasas sweatpants I'm not going to
pay $1000 for no damn sweat pants oh I
got these you know I'm saying ballin on
a budget I got this jacket from Zara
this one was on sale $25.99 thing I love
about it it has zipper on the sleeve
instead of a button for fighting it oh
my god we've got to start on the road
okay then the homie over at quill I
think I'm saying it right they hooked us
up with some crazy dope stuff mesh
basketball shorts with zipper pockets
and then they also had these sweatpants
that I got which are green sweatpants
and it's got that stripe on the side
kind of like the off-white vibes but
it's obviously not off-white and white
people over in the quill appreciate the
thought I'm going to be honest with you
guys my next purchase was really dumb
but I really just you know I've been
wanting this for a minute I'm wearing
this hotel to hotel this dodgy robe
right here I mean come on a Versace robe
you feel me like I might have to start
doing my sneaker unboxings with this on
and then last but not least what are the
chances that we walk into the LV store
and they have the LV supreme sneakers
they only have the sneakers I know the
most popular one are the white ones that
have the LV print on it but this is the
one that I personally like that would
actually wear I honestly do not know
what these are even called but this is
the LV supreme collab right there as you
can see the LV imprint right there
supreme on the back oh that smells like
a brand new color man kind of like an
Air Max feel to it kind of like kind of
reminds me of a RAF sim and thank you
Valley fresh supreme I mean Valley Fair
LV I've done enough shopping to last me
a good couple weeks probably the entire
tour no more shopping sprees for me and
I really still don't know how a Nike
outlet slash adidas outlet video turned
into this type of shopping behavior
so yeah the reason why I'm in the Bay is
something that I'm rather not talk about
on camera somebody in my family is very
very sick
and it is part of life and it's very
hard for me to talk about this on the
vlog so I'd rather just keep it to
myself just everybody just pray for me
and my family we would really appreciate
that and I don't know how I'm going to
how long I'm going to be here in the bay
for but it could be a few days it could
be tomorrow I really don't know yet
still going to continue to try to bring
you guys videos and if I don't for some
reason upload a video I hope you guys
understand why thank you guys for
watching I appreciate you guys let's
keep pushing man on the road to 1
million subscribers 10 years a giveaway
when we do and I might here dream coup
peace out that Blake Linder track though
you've got no line at your booth you got
no line at your booth you got no line at
your booth
you got no line
