were dacovia floors another beautiful
day man another beautiful day turn that
ace young cuz it is kind of hot take the
earpods out you know I'm saying hope
everybody's having a great day it's
currently Friday for me it's probably
Saturday free well it is Saturday for
you guys
basically you boy you know I'm saying
it's already what time is it right now
even though I have my Apple watch I
still freaking look at my phone for the
time I don't know what's wrong with me
it's currently 3:17 I honestly don't
know where I am I'm like in between
Anaheim and Los Angeles I just stopped
randomly at a Panera Bread to get food
really nice shopping center but
basically oh this Panera Bread has a
drive-thru that's hella late sorry about
the Sun man we got to get to a better
area we could see my face basically I
just want to complain first off and get
this off of my chest cuz I know you guys
hate when I complain about stuff but I I
mean if you guys don't hate it there's
certain people who hate it but those are
also the same people who complain about
everything else but the real ones you
know I'm saying you guys hear me and
you'd let me vent to you so I appreciate
you YouTube you know it's always it
always has its problems and recently my
channel with my videos I've been posting
but my videos do not pop up in sub boxes
the sub box is where you see your
subscription so basically if your
subscriber of mine and YouTube doesn't
put my video in your sub box there's no
way that you can see that I'm posting a
new video so basically the only thing
that I could do is just you know share
it on my social media that I've got new
videos out which I do but in order for
you guys to get like a right away
notification that I posted a brand new
video you got to turn on post
notifications all you got to do to turn
on post notifications is hit the little
bell on the channel or on the YouTube
app I'm sure a lot of you guys watch
YouTube on your phones or whatnot so you
just gotta click that and that means any
time I upload you're gonna be one of the
first people in the world to
watch my video so yeah shout out to
everybody who's already part of the post
notification crew I might you know start
doing post notifications shout-out so
all you got to do is probably all theirs
LA Fitness right here all you got to do
is probably just tweet me and show me
that you turned on post notifications
and I'll shout you out in the vlogs
that's all you got to do so one person
maybe a vlog or I'll try to do it every
single vlog this month because I am
trying to vlog every single day this
month so if you guys can do that turn on
your post notifications and subscribe
because I need you guys to subscribe to
I'll shout you guys out in the vlog say
your name say your usernames and whatnot
so I think that would be a little cool
thing to do I really don't know where
the hell I am I'm in the back of a
Walmart I think this actually might be a
good area to do what I was planning on
doing so I probably am just gonna post
up here but yeah anyway YouTube's like
screwing me over but you know as a
youtuber you can't worry about the
issues of the day you know you post the
video and then you got to move on to the
next because that's what happens when
you do daily videos or when you upload
consistently is you you can't just you
know you can't just focus on what you've
already done you got to focus on what's
next
anyway I do have a package to open up
for you guys well I'm not home obviously
and I have the package with me so it's
only right that we cue the intro what's
in the box
okay so I ordered this about a week ago
and I didn't even think it was coming
now I just got the shipping confirmation
like a week a day ago so I'm surprised
that it's here already actually if you
look at the packaging it's highly
flammable so you know it's not a sneaker
BAM there it is you're the new DG I
Mavic air I think it's safe to say that
I kind of go drone crazy but I only kind
of mess with the DJI ones it's like my
favorite brand when it comes to drones
your boys not gonna waste any time I'm
opening this bad boy up and this is a
really bad angle I look very very short
we're not putting on the first thing is
the controller here controller is
different than before there's no screen
on the front if you can't add this
lighting is really bad there's no screen
on the front of the controller that's
the first thing I noticed which I mean I
honestly didn't really ever pay
attention to that but I guess it's I
guess you don't really need that oh you
just twist them on the little sticks
right here for the controller so you can
twist them off and then just put them
right there under that's really cool I
guess what they're their goal with this
was to just make it as compact as
possible and so far with just the
controller they've done that okay what
is this I'm assuming this might be the
this is the charger oh that's a wall
plug some extra wires and whatnot My
Mind's blinking out I forgot what these
are called right now I don't know why
I'm gonna call them shields we've got
some shields for the propellers because
I mean you don't want to crash it to
anything usually these come separately
but I guess they're including them this
time but I never use these things cuz
they just they look ugly now this bad
boy cost about $700 pretty good price
for a drone I would say drones used to
be like $2,000 and then they went down
to like a thousand I can get him for
like 700 bucks and just I haven't even
opened it yet but look at the case look
how small it is and the fact that they
even included a case is pretty dope oh
my god
oh this thing is sick
look at that Wow
so yes I did get this red color way
right here this looks like a Hot Wheels
like this is so fire this is so freaking
dope matches my upper watching I'm
saying but yo they killed it with this
one I feel like I need to put like a
sticker right here or something but I
haven't even opened it up let me just do
a quick comparison because I do have my
other drone right here this one right
here was already like like okay they
made this thing small as hell let me fix
this up but now they took off of good 2
inches on that bad boy oh my God look
how much smaller it is look see that and
the fact is that this one does the same
exact stuff that this one does so they
killed it with this oh my god oh this is
sick so there's even the landing gear
gears fold down like that so the power
button is at the bottom this time it's
dead right out of the box so I can't
test it out for you guys I'm sorry I
know that was like would have been the
best thing to do right now but it's dead
and I forgot my freaking portable
charger the one that I just told you
guys about yesterday
damn that's an L I like to cover for the
gimbal cuz it's not just like a little
plastic piece that goes off it actually
has like a little hook and then you pull
it off and there's your there's your
actual camera so yeah so a test of the
new maverick air will be coming probably
in the next few vlogs so stay tuned for
that unfortunately we will not be able
to do it today because the battery's
dead and I'm I took an L so yeah but I
definitely recommend it okay so now I'm
gonna go because I have gone to
Disneyland I'm gonna head over to Disney
now and I will see you guys at my hotel
because I'm staying in Anaheim for the
night because I don't want to drive back
to LA it's like a hour drive and I'm
gonna be tired tonight so yeah we're
gonna do that
it was good lies
soon soon one mil oh yeah thank you
dizzy yeah yeah please do
alright guys so we just got to
Disneyland I'm not using the big camera
today I'm using the g7x and it's a
little more zoomed in than what I'm used
to uh I think this is the first time
I've used this new one that I got I got
the the g7x mark 2 or whatever is far
but anyway we bout to link up with the
fam right now grab some Starbucks for
support most because we need some energy
in our system and then we gonna go to
the parks you feel me
got anything to say
what is this she says she's hungry and
then she comes to Starbucks and buys an
egg that ain't healthy when you come to
visit land I tell you that it's
impossible nothing to drape them
old are they alright guys so we've been
at Disneyland for a couple hours now we
haven't been on any rides because a lot
of the rides are actually good we're not
even at Disneyland we're at California
Adventure which is I mean technically
it's two different parks but we watch
the World of Color show we're about to
go on soaring over the world which is a
fun ride and we're just chillin family
time you know I'm saying I come here a
lot so I'm not too worried about getting
on every single ride but me and Mina
actually coming back again tomorrow you
know I'm saying we are about I think
it's 16 days I don't know all-star
weekend countdown clock but right there
in the corner we are going to all-star
game vsee so shout out to see geek if
you guys didn't know you excited for
your first NBA all-star game my second
one because I went last year but what
team do you think said are you gonna go
on Katie's team or our curry steam
curry yeah I'm a fan of the underdog and
I feel like caristi was the underdog
team now I think LeBrons team is
Stalin's team is getting injured left in
me yeah it all stars Loki but anyway
it's gonna be fun weekend out here for
all-star what cops are you looking to
take from all the sneakers dropping for
all-star
even though it's dropping before news
the four DS do you want does not huh you
know it's crazy with the 40's I keep
checking prices and your size is the
cheapest my size is like twelve hundred
your size is like six seven hundred I
hate it anyway back to all-star jobs the
only all-star drops that I would really
want 800 800 percent and the babe Damian
Lillard adidas Dame force I need those
the friends-and-family red one and the
other two colorways but I don't think
the other two colorways are coming out
at all-star weekend so we'll see though
there's nothing I want
well there might be surprised drops I
feel like they're gonna drop mud rat
secretly but I don't know Nike hasn't
really talked about what they're
dropping Jordan Brand we saw the stuff
they're dropping they've got some dope
stuff ovo hates but you don't really
wear eights you never had
oh boy ones yeah those are not coming
out in the u.s. so I don't think they're
gonna send it to us you know what I was
thinking about it they come out at the
end of this month right and they don't
come out here
so we can't enter raffles and most
likely we're gonna be getting a pair of
each right so most likely we're gonna be
paying resale and resale is gonna be
crazy if it's really a European
exclusive so instead of spending let's
say it's gonna go for three grand a six
grand total six grand we can take a trip
to London and just go into raffles and
hopefully run it through retail and we
don't and then you just take it but I've
given if one of us wins we'd save more
money by traveling all the way over
there and the tickets and everything to
get their dinner and then we come back
here and then again you Josh it might be
cheaper to go there and buy it rather
than buy it you how are you gonna just
buy it you can't just pop up in the
storm like what's up presented by
actually you can hit up presented but
yeah you're right it's gonna be a shoe
that we're gonna hunt for but
I'm saying most likely if it is European
exclusive we got to fit that resale
price anyway we will go back to the
hotel now we just called the uber so
we'll see you guys there
all right guys so we are back at the
hotel right now and I was just going
through sneaker news right now and I was
looking at some of the stuff that's been
like on like information and whatnot so
when I do like besides like Instagram
and stuff like that when I want to like
just look at sneaker news and what's
dropping and stuff like that I usually
go to the website sneaker news so what
else is gonna do no way yo I need this
Warriors windbreaker jacket on Nike
that's so flames oh my god how much is
this 85 bucks is not bad but I just
don't know about sizing that's crazy
that just got recommended on on right
here look this got recommend it to me on
sneaker news and then I was like damn
that's fire so I clicked on it and now
I'm gonna now I'm gonna buy it yeah
that's how they get you man damn it well
I gotta say man I was actually gonna be
like when they first announced that Nike
was taking over the NBA contract a few
years ago I was excited and then last
year I was kind of like I don't know but
they've been doing a pretty good job the
only disappointment is that they didn't
have Christmas Day jerseys that was my
only disappointment but as far as all
the apparel and stuff like that and even
though all-star jerseys they've been
killing it no way babe this windbreaker
look come here okay look at the back
okay and then it it turns into a little
bag that's it what that's hella worth 85
bucks
I'm definitely you want one it's just
black look it's just nice black front
zipper and then I think the zipper it
goes reverse all that's so lit that's
actually been a new trend is I know
Harrison does it like you literally buy
every ad that pops up when you're
searching websites alright anyway I'm
gonna end the vlog here I will see you
guys tomorrow with another video because
we uploading every single day this
and to subscribe if you haven't
subscribed join the crew we out of here
see you guys tomorrow to the bank this
is a guarantee get it by you cam for you
got a baby back in the womb hey Ellis
Allah what they never change I still do
it for my dog
