today's my first day working at Mac Park
just got my job due to money wasn't
cutting it stores not even open yet but
I'm already forward false I bought when
can I take my lunch break if you bought
this right there filming with ABC News
they're doing a segment about him
exposing people peoples all combined it
I mean we can't get it perfect and
that's great just need some stick this
one looking at you think I want a hold
on them there's a good yeah this one's
great play to do that yeah I really easy
buster
what can you tell us a lot
year-old endless my second task working
here we need change for the master yeah
there you go check it off the list you
got changed down another five he gave me
proper honeymoon my bedroom he needs
another five there you go well thank you
what's next window clean you know what I
wonder if I vacuumed window cleaning
this is easy job I welcome Employee of
the Month coming soon you already know
what it is being given up good all right
mustard on your feet
boss I'm walking out alright first day
at mag park officially done I don't
actually work there got to go back home
I'm headed to the Bay tonight I mean I
think I have an inbox me at home we can
just transition to the crib most epic
intro and YouTube history what's in the
pot alright guys so I just got this
package from Under Armour Under Armour
has been showing tons of love lately
actually they've always shows up so
bitch you shout out to Under Armour I'm
going to say right now that I really
really hope that these are the Curry
fours
I told Under Armour that that's a shoe
that I really wanted to use for the
hoops classic in LA unfortunately they
didn't have any ready for me but they
said that as soon as they have a pair
that will send it to me and I will be
able to use it and review it let's go
ahead and open it up something that kind
of got me excited gets you right here it
has my name and my side wall you see
this is a pair of sneakers unless that's
just random number I don't think this is
occurring 34 could possibly be the Cam
Newton I think it's safe to say this is
not security for so hopefully next time
I think this is a Cam Newton sneaker I
think of C and O there you go all right
take to it BAM supersonic box here shoes
actually looked pretty dope in my
opinion this C n ones and they look
pretty pretty dope I love the colorway I
want to use this shoe for like running
or anything like that I would use this
for definitely like training you know
doing some jumping jacks and jump rope
you know some liners whatever it is this
looks like it's a super dope shoe it
looks like it fits very very comfortably
to the foot but again you know I got to
try it on before I give you guys a
this shoe is looks like you have like a
knit material on the top I'm interested
to see how these work performance lines
the bottom looks crazy like this is
probably made for turf either they are
not good
just got to the airport heading back
home to the bay I'm literally about to
drop the no lines at your booth sneaker
youtubers song in about an hour so if
you're watching this it's already on my
channel go watch it download link is in
the description box as well as the video
link so go check it out all right let's
catch this flight
hey welcome alright guys so I just
landed in San Jose and we posted the
video 40 minutes ago I posted it while I
was on the airplane 51 thousand views
already the response has been on another
level shout out to everybody tweeting us
so much love hell of fire emoji tweets a
mother call Tony right now Prada no way
on the tweeter hello Polly
Oh personally you know they're going to
clap back at us though alright guys I'm
at the crib right now the old crib and
I'm just going to show you guys some red
and stuff I got laying around because
there's some iconic things in here not
so Michael Jordan giant figure Jordan
and John if you could see that if I
starts tomorrow pizza box toddler cherry
12ms spinning wheel from sneaker Conn
Bay Area
Kobe Jersey kobe USA Jersey my easy
roast runs I would make Eid hella shoes
and easy color ways to make myself feel
like I had a pair of Yeezys
so the response to the diss track has
been crazy a lot of people are already
making reaction videos to shout out to
everyone who made a reaction video again
we are just joking around having fun
with it so don't take anything personal
if you are in the sneaker youtube world
and no I'm not taking shots at you guys
because I know there's one line that I
say and I see you in my merch but we
don't f with you I wasn't talking about
you guys I was the whole song is
dedicated to sneaker youtuber so I was
talking to like if another sneaker
youtuber where's my merch when that
really doesn't happen only some some of
my friends wear it so but I don't really
mean it like that because they're all my
friends
at the end of the day so I love every
single one of them so shout out to all
my sneaker YouTube very guy friends
we're cool yeah
low-key were two weeks away until the
tour starts oh my god I thought we were
like three weeks away that were like a
month away calm and pressure yes that
tour is completely free to show up to
unless it's at a sneaker concert as you
can see on the schedule some of the
stops or at sneaker cons and you have to
pay to get into sneaker con but as far
as all the other ones those are
completely free starting next week I'll
be able to show you guys some of the
pieces make sure you guys are able to
come out and show love because we got to
kill this tour man I'm going to be the
budget for giveaway stuff is crazy so
I'm going to start you guys right now
we're giving things away in every single
city all right man keep bumping that
song link is in the description box if
you haven't watched the music video yet
I'm out of here
you got no mine at your booth just
kidding
I wish that I can know you but I don't
know what I'm I wish that I can know you
are glad I don't know with you so tell
