yeah man I got the tightest kicks in the
world I'm not worried about these women
looking at me I just what to do is to
look at me because I got the $1,500
chicks on let's get it you've got no
line at your booth all right guys I left
he had to pick up a new check you
filming all those 28 pairs I consigned I
think I sold half of them and I made
like $2,000 already so shout out the Mac
Park for the consignment plug you ain't
got to do the work they sell it for you
I have two of my sneaker con pickups in
the car so I'm going to show you guys
those pickups while I'm driving because
I have like a two-hour drive to Mena
that's one that's two we get hot in here
first of all I want to say Nico con la
was amazing one of the things that I
love most about it was hanging out with
everyone and creating memories with
everyone I got a lot closer to a lot of
the sneaker guys and I got to hang out
with a lot of my friends so I don't get
to see all the time so it was really
dope outside of we cook on itself like
all of us just going to eat or putting
eight people in this car when this is
only a 5 passenger van and going and
doing karaoke and stuff you guys didn't
see on camera so this gives me more turn
right now but anyway like I said I did
pick up two sneakers at sneaker con la
this past weekend a Jordan 31 and I know
a lot of you guys don't really care for
Jordan 31 we got the Jordan 31 Westbrook
peas as soon as Westbrook won the MVP
for this season just past season Jordan
Brand dropped these joints right here
and these are just my first time
actually really looking at them they
draw they drop these in honor of that so
one of the shoes is actually it has like
the reverse feel to it one is more
modern one is a blue bottom that's so
freakin sick because US foot space on
the side of the shoe okay and then we
got another Jordan it's very hard for me
to look around and actually find shoes
at sneaker con I'm lucky I even was able
to cop these two right here but as you
guys know Jordan won fnatic this is a
Jordan won the most recent Jordan want
to release Scott did start out by
showing you the bottom bamm-bamm and wow
these smell crazy good if anybody has a
friends-and-family hot lap because I
need that so yeah those are my two
sweetie good Conte cups and don't forget
guys tomorrow we're dropping that track
no lines that you booth the track
featuring Tony bull and unknown
a lot of people going to be pissed off
but it's okay fat I'll be spending some
women some women venture too much smoke
take a knee just to go take a day just
to go take a D just to go I was 23 add a
million different roofs everyone a
graduation I'm still trying to put okay
so you're probably wondering case what
happened to your day it was our first
day together since the proposal so I was
just like enjoy it go to dinner it was
fun I had a lot of fun and now I'm back
home I have something that I want to
show you guys and I also have something
that I want to talk about which is
probably going to be the main topic of
this whole video so I'm going to set the
lights up I'm going to get the camera
ready and we're going to get to this
couch so I guess these are the new
Yeezys so as I was driving home I got a
picture of these sent it to me these are
apparently the new Yeezys that will be
coming out later this year I really
don't know release date I don't even for
a fact know that these are a thousand
percent authentic all I know is that the
person had them says that they're real
he said they came from a reliable source
disclaimer these are not my pair again
if that wasn't clear enough for you I
don't own this pair I'm not trying to
flex this pair or anything like that I
just wanted to show you guys and I just
wanted to use this pair to kind of talk
to you guys about where I think eases
are and where they're headed
honestly I do like to color wait I do
like to shoe because it's basically a
reverse Beluga kind of like a darker
version of a Beluga I'm just not that
excited for it because I love when Kanye
we're easy and then it comes out if that
makes sense and what I mean is that this
shoe this colorway has now
been worn by Kanye so in my opinion when
Kanye is not actually wearing it it
makes me wonder it is even approving
this colorway that he actually come up
with this colorway does he have anything
to do with this colorway I want easy
shoes because he wears them so all the
colorways like the bread or the Oreos or
the cream whites those are shoes that he
wore for months and it made that shoe
more anticipated for myself it made me
want it more because I saw the guy who
created this shoe wearing it at my idol
I saw him wearing it so when adidas
drops a colorway like this which we
don't even know if it will ever ever be
on Kanye's feet it's just it doesn't get
I don't get too excited for it now that
doesn't mean I'm not going to buy them
when they release and that is my
personal opinion I'm not here to try to
convince you guys that these are wack or
whatever it is I'm just saying how I
feel about ez than where I think they're
headed I just I would love to see ease
ease for the first time on Kanye's feet
rather than an Instagram post of an
account posting the picture and us not
even knowing if it's real or fake you
know what I mean look at the print on
there I mean the colorway is sick
honestly the missile's of different tint
there's no stripe on this one this one
has little orange speckles all through
it this one doesn't oh alright guys so
now it is time for me to call it a night
but dream crew crap wipes come into the
tour don't even check about it I'll be
slowly and slowly showing you guys all
the stuff that will be available all of
a sudden the tour starting August 11 in
Portland and I'm super excited to
announce the Toronto date has been
confirmed so Toronto will be October
14th and my friend it will be a sneaker
cool
thank you thank you very much sneaker
con for the first time ever it's coming
to the sixth so make sure you guys come
out everybody from Canada better come
out even if you live in Montreal even if
you live in Quebec even if you live in
ashram burg I don't know what I don't
know what the cities and states are over
there
don't forget tomorrow the music video
dropped you know it's all just jokes
guys we're just messing around we're not
really trying to be rappers we're really
not going to drop a mixtape we
made the song for fun a whole bunch of
friends are getting into the studio and
making music you know what I'm saying
but it's still going to be a fire track
you filming so make sure you guys watch
that tomorrow it will be up and I am
going to be out of here thank you for
watching Jim Crow family this vlog was
short
I know but tomorrow we coming back with
a lit one so stay tuned I'm out of here
more
