we make a lot bigger than that delay oh
my god I've been spinning so it's been a
crazy past two days it's actually
Tuesday right now I didn't upload
anything today because I was kind of
just catching back on my life you know
the usual when I leave town even those
kind of close to LA like my apartment
got super filthy so I was spending the
whole day cleaning today and hanging out
with friends but I kind of want to you
know make this episode into like an
update of everything that's happened and
the first thing which everyone is
talking about besides the actual
proposal I'm not going to talk too much
about that today just because if you
want to know about that you can just
watch this that is la the diss track the
song that meet Tony bull and unknown
made with Ryan as well as all the other
guys that were in the studio with us we
recorded it last week and then I had
second thoughts about dropping it
everybody kind of like telling us to
release it at sneaker Con and then I put
a snippet of my verse in there and
people just got super hyped and people
have been literally tweeting all of us
asking us to drop it - drop it - drop it
it's a song but we're kind of like
joking around and taking shots at the
sneaker youtubers but it's all fun and
games and I just don't want people to
take it the wrong way but I already know
they will do it so it's already been
done we already spent money on the
studio time and all that stuff so Tony
convinced me you said you know what
let's just give the people what they
want so we are actually going to drop it
this is a quick little preview of it
this is not the full version I'll just
let you guys go ahead and watch it and
enjoy this yeah man I got the hypest
kicks in the world I'm not worried about
these women looking at me as what to do
is to look at me because I got the
$1,500 chicks on let's get it you've got
no line at your booth I got you got no
line
you got a lotta trees you got a lot of
trees okay so yeah that will be up this
Friday the full music video this was
just an announcement to kind of let you
know it's coming we literally just
filmed the video the last day we were
all in Anaheim on Sunday right after
sneaker car yeah it does disrupt yeah we
are not the same don't play with my name
alright guys so we're going to be
shooting a music video out here outside
the Anaheim Convention Center
can't get more hood than that basically
my camera's going to die but the music
video will be out this week either
youtubers should be for not wake up
didn't I - yeah I don't know how to do
that I know how to do I can show you how
to do it this
I'm so sore bro okay so again I want to
say this is a disclaimer although this
is a song that kind of like when you're
rapping or when you're making a song
you've got to be confident you got to
say stuff that you normally wouldn't say
me myself I'm very I try to be as humble
as possible and I don't like to say
stuff like I do in the song but at the
end of the day it's a rap song so you
got to bring that mentality just just
remember that when you guys are watching
it or any of my fellow sneaker youtubers
are watching this it's all fun and games
I don't don't take anything personal
anyway after that we did come back home
to LA on Monday so I got to chill with
the homies and I got an unboxing hey I
asked you a question for my vlog hi guys
all my legs let's find out what's in the
box
what's in a box I'm very excited to
these we have already shown them on
social media we haven't showed them a
log yeah these are we available
exclusively call us on the tour out of
all the amazing things that we like do
on the daily this constriction natural
crept a green crew wipe I always tell
you guys that the wipes are my favorite
item and I told cry protect that I
wanted to do a collab and they were down
to do it so we got an exclusive collapse
that will be available in each city for
the tour starting next month very
limited to how many we actually release
for city yeah man get yourself the dream
crew crap wipes it's crazy to see this
in person this is a little 3d print
right there - this is crazy this big
dream crew wipes will be available
exclusively on the tour next month which
is a few weeks away and I'm super super
excited about that Portland August 11th
make sure you're there and then we
really didn't do anything we just
chilled today I hung out with slim and
his brother and we were just pretty much
playing 2k and things like that did I
even vlog oh yeah I did i vlog Brian
showed up and he brought a g-wagen
alright guys so we are with Ryan now and
man's pulled up in a crazy ass g-wagen
different very different what this was a
different with oh my oh my you know imma
bad bitch in the backers of war ready
they open the door rod this is so late
you really do have different food
spinners are on the place may not one
you feel that one
the window for this course yeah make a
lot bigger than that delay certified
gonna kill it oh my god anything really
think I want to kill him
yeah and then we came home and we had
another unboxing hit the intro what's in
a box hackers cool uh more Pumas up
they have three shoes so check these out
I got the right joints right here for
you like our clamp and then this is like
an off-white bottom all blue joint you
can see the like a fur on there and then
this is the most subtle one the black
with the little cow print on there three
colorways very very clean thank you for
always shopping blog you wouldn't know
but I just air both that and now I am
back here in my apartment which is very
clean and spotless and it feels very
very great great so what's next
sneaker con la is out of the way the
next nigga con is Hong Kong and
Australia which are both part of my tour
all of a sudden the tour presented by
protect and there's some huge
announcements that will be made probably
this week or next week about Hong Kong
and Australia so I'll be giving you guys
updates on that for the tour we will
have some crazy exclusive items we're
going to be dropping the crept protect
dream crew collab wipes as I mentioned
we're hoping that we will be able to
drop the Stan's dream crew socks because
that would just be freakin amazing but I
haven't got 100% confirmation that that
will happen the ones that I wore during
the hoops classic or samples there is a
few other collabs in the works I can't
talk too much about them just because
it's like a it's not official official
yet and I'm not going to tell you guys
until it's a thousand percent super
blessed to be in the position that I am
in today huge companies like stance and
prep protect who have faith in me and
understand that my audience supports me
so thank you to those companies all I
can say
company or anybody who ever slept on me
or the crew please showing you guys what
we can do now and hopefully we get that
sneaker collab very very soon because
that's like the main main main goal is
to get my own sneaker collab fingers
crossed man got to keep working hard got
to keep working hard this was a super
short episode as always I hope you guys
did enjoy also coming to the tour not
this one this is the rip and dip one
that they gave me at the RIP and dip
store but if you include frigid spinners
coming soon just for the tour if for
some reason you're new to this channel
and you don't know we are giving away 10
pairs of uses when we reach 1 million
subscribers we are at seven hundred and
seventy thousand subscribers I believe
so let's try to hit eight under K and
then go from there but subscribe if you
have not subscribed already that's it
for today guys I know there was any
crazy visuals and time lapses and things
like that I'll try to give you guys a
quick update and let you know what's
going on my dream crew roll that track
one more time just to let you know we
ain't playing around yeah man I got the
hypest kicked in the world I'm not
worried about these women looking at me
I was what to do is to look at me
because I got the $1,500 chicks on let's
get it
you got no line at your booth you got no
line at your booth
you got no line at UB you got no line at
your booth
