it is look for
so these are some leftover shirts from
our live in the hype event that I've
just been sitting in that lay we're just
going to give these out so I'm going to
give it to the people waiting oh by the
way welcome to speaker con la day one
it's better be late got Ryan over here
who's blog this it's my blog yeah I've
also it's a different couple that was
using before
no how many summers your brother's a
plum the cameras going on the cruise
that you can the Lakers starting guard
at forward told you do two of them are
good hey bruh good oh good run okay very
good
Joe met the legend government you good
other year is Ania I similarly right now
time the core unit appreciate our hats
remains a lot fifth I'll be back really
let me get in the three-point contest I
just come and shoot are just a round one
bet yeah fish eggs bacon cause you guys
need
small check out my Cheryl Ronnie blogs
are onn weblog
my food is about the song yeah I just
put the vlog thing you know no official
all you thought that's lawful yeah but I
put the first quarter for my first verse
in there
I promise I cut off the last of my lap
five on this
yell to the doors that open that
you've got no line at your booth you got
no line at you you got no line at your
booth
you got no line at your booth you got a
line at your booth my stack to the roof
crow protect on the shoes now you
 with the crew
junk
all right so we've got to get into the
draft we're going to get into
three-point contest
knockout game we got to go confront cash
you know
I know you've been ducking it I know
you've been ducking it
I know you don't know I'm good bro thank
you though you're good bro change the
stuff don't change subject don't change
the subject
we had a bet replay warriors with - yeah
- Avenger is doing a copy got something
before the bronze no no no no or yours
baby
caspere's warriors we had a bet for a
pair of shoes are you amending you work
and casey mears know what's usual bro
I'm lucky I'm not going to hurt your
pocket okay let's go do read it like
it's doing it all this you okay don't
worry I will keep my eye open for
something as soon as the 3 foot
toughness is done he's out of here we'll
have you beat the doubter what now I'm
back tally was I don't know
yesterday where you can go over
everything but are we all family okay
all right all right that's for you man I
respect the working man you go son
stay for Jesus oh you do the shoot yeah
but thanks shoot Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
yeah why primitive the truth is Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
there you go you got to do it do I want
you want it man you're going to tangle I
can go directly by Vanessa Bob what do
you guys think I should take bird
got it biggie Carter are you crazy
here women are born without now to watch
the community on the chamber water table
another woman thank you baby thank you
both happy
I really passed up on LFK I passed up on
Ellis paper rewarded but I have faith in
Him
that's the base of me I take you over
LSU to the collagen oil I told them I
thought Ellis Kell going to go first row
we go face
hey summer on them you got a knowledge
is a speculative Haycock picked me
because last game I packed in the
game-winning shot dr. Jana the chemistry
folks how is it a three-time enemy he
not been hit ah I would take by ya know
what the I want to go to Ellis a
poem a chemical puzzle okay after I know
I got you feel good I'm not always go
get pick words thank you got here of
witnesses when we out here today by is
over the last eight ball who we gotta
get you back in you you are defeated
come on bro we dare you bro we care for
you because you're too bird make sure
you analyze you got a loan and remove
nigra do Caesar gotta live alright so
for the last three point contest I did
the Air Mag there's honestly nothing
that could top that I feel like but I
think this is a pretty dope setup one
white one black what you think
just whenever I admit when he unzipped
it he surprised me I thought he was
going to come with like that and do
something that surprised
I just got eliminated by Cousteau but
it's all good
I'm more worried about the three-point
contest my knees been acting up you know
I'm saying but it's all fun man we have
a fun I like that we added to knock out
you the to the to the agenda for today
oh right you need two special airbags
let me go get my pair for you I got so
hot off you right back
first out bro you need the beer man yeah
here you need them they're back okay you
got a two-piece nothing all over them
down there boy now the goal
you got three or
you never come on now the Deepika chairs
and go MPEG is 25 days left you gotta
pace yourself you overshoes me right now
bro - okay
14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 c ba what the hell
a mega mint but my knee started hurting
right here
my knees are the hell hurting my what up
y'all remember to the mic line the first
time probably I just
it will be breezy
this is jamming features record ry okay
one day one leaguer con la aka Anaheim
we just wrapped up the three points of
the rookie software game shoutout mocha
mocha damn near showed out but you know
we are too
I lost the three-point contest wide you
won the three-point contest no see he
get our fingers Papa she was like taking
over the universe and had to pass the
torch topic you say take it over and
over
say no more say no more but I'd rather
have him win someone over let's just say
we have to give it up but now we're back
at the booth we wonder the rookie game
the juicer won the rookie game but now
we're back on your coach I love you
coach thanks man
and how to make social food but now
we're back all of a sudden state beef m
and we're going to finish taking
pictures for the next two hours and then
we will call it a day until tomorrow day
two extra time so time to take breaks
are we doing the video come on yeah
tonight I think I'm a release it bro
regardless of people coming to release
today when you gonna learn it bro we go
you better put this all over your funk
but we got a tracker bro Oh what who's
in the studio bro oh yeah I was invited
ok cool sound like a little disappointed
we're going to get there if anybody in
here is the first decision party where
everyone's going to be salty like ok all
right little y'all gonna stick it on to
my how do people you know Nick's been on
the road a lot
to who Raji the person I went against
that time but me with the Mojo exactly
that's what it was the mag quit uh ok 1
of 1 1 of 1
hopefully we make it on the 2k teen
cover it here youtubers what is that we
made went to the studio only record as a
track although you guys legitimately
reported a song yeah all that you guys
were in the studio but I thought again
we made a song called you got no line at
your booth nigger UDL let me play you a
specific it's a little we might get you
on the remix I know you can pitiful I
know you can spin a bar I can legit it I
can legit rap yeah so we might have to
do like a cypher calm down that would be
fine are recorded on a parking garage
down grab your own
finally leaving sneakers on day one
still got another day in the book it was
super super lit we tied at least who me
new yeah yeah but I would for a layup on
the last one oh you did account not I
didn't counted ok youtubers Nagar you do
Mary but yeah man we going back to go
shower I'll freshen up then we got to go
event plus the groups for you dinner
Montgomery my go check this out is that
day one yeah you showing me that from
the crowd but you don't wanna look at it
they're doing one thing I don't know
what you were showing me how you're
sending me news AG oh yeah
shoutout to AG from Backstreet Boys I
went to his concert when I was a little
kid and now we pulled up the phone booth
thanks to Mickey okay we're family
come on hold up all right guys no more
vlogging I'm going to eat the red
