can you feel the logo your clothes
outside darling okay past three years at
least Nica cons have been so lack
because they've been monitored and they
were in a little corner of freaking the
beach experience this is real nigga con
oh my god I'm so excited
there's give me so many people though
these are nine oh these are nice and
dick I like that Wow but with the real
Jersey that is the winning jersey right
here all night whoa taking over the crew
family right now we're mostly just
swimming off college just gave me a
speech it's been a look at issue
so using on the bottom you see that and
then crew obviously everything is
talking to Flickr
everything is thoroughly appreciate you
bro keep doing what you fuckin through
rule setting up all day crew kicks
everything alright guys so I really
haven't been vlogging but we've been
just setting up and shooting around and
getting everything ready Tony and bull
are over there getting all the sample
stuff sorted out my merch is just a
couple boxes so we've already figured it
out but cut protective boots Omar over
here okay just ignore everyone it's
gonna be alright
they don't smack parks first official
booth at sneaker Club yeah true story
you've never done it
Mac Park gotta be right by us hopefully
it's only right hopefully but there's
not a lot of space right there under
here
McGavin that's that tract is liberal not
going to lie to you it's been a pretty
stressful setup unfortunately this is
the third second time this has happened
to happen for Chicago sneaker cons I
hyped up something and then it didn't
make it in time so we're not going to be
able to sell those denim jackets we're
probably going to sell them online which
is beneficial to everybody outside of LA
but it just sucks that it's not going to
be here because we've been hyping it up
we're about to start the player meeting
slash practice let's see who is here oh
you did e so I can didn't hear obviously
Tony D Tony D's here Mickey looks like a
fell secret huh that's why I can't be on
him okay but if it's a Celtic course I
guess I might drop 70 yeah
so it is currently after practice and
everyone's pretty much getting ready for
you know enjoying the Friday and I out
here in Anaheim I've been planning to do
this prank on Brandon aka aka paratus as
many of you guys may know he's a
die-hard Suns fan and he has a die-hard
Devin Booker fan he loves Devin Booker
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
Photoshop an ESPN article that Devin
Booker got traded and we go to his room
and I'm going to be like what yo did you
see this and I'm going to get his
reaction and the reason why I'm being a
world logger so we always have our
cameras on each other
so like I'm going to be like y'all I
need to film your action to show you to
be the first person to show you this I'm
going to take this article right here so
the video right there but I'm just going
to replace it with the picture
this is little keep scary I feel like
he's going to punch me in my face let me
change the font so it's something that's
more practical and then also there's no
date but I'm going to add a date I'm
really nervous all right guys let's do
this
sorry Brandon I had to do it full chop
skills on another level
meet us here by the way oh okay awkward
elevator not jeopardy don't forget your
pretty bra Oh have you been on Twitter
recently yeah
alright I'm gonna show you something but
I want to film your reaction alright
don't hit me well that's a hundred
percent fake it don't yes the end call
it Oh Mon I give it listen first of all
I didn't believe it at first I'm going
to use my heart started oh my okay I'm
not gonna lie I kind of made my problem
on your back obviously as well I was
like nervous as I grow a bit of punch oh
my goodness
I made a fake article saying Devin
Booker got traded first of all how do
you do that I do photo check oh yes
where I even have to press all it could
be follows all the Sun Santa mention all
of you have to tweet it at the same time
in your husband you are trying to end
well what are you thinking about the
students and maybe I did yeah that's
what I said I was like I'm going for
Boston
I knew tonight trying to scroll down to
see who we got oh my god I thought you
guessed yelling wait I think Chris Paul
my dream article great picture of Sodom
a great guy
maybe I do man what you destroying you
mean Walter bridge tomorrow
ha ha ha everybody staying in one hotel
so it's like super super PAC you know
what I'm saying guys everybody Blake
lender Oh what you're not the rapper and
why are you asking the club Judi not got
you right the Lord
I go to your kids promotion an hour with
what strawberry supreme it all campus
Sabrina don't know if you weren't a
gesture but it happy just really good
job let's look at the shoes though going
on right all yours
what kind of short clothes bro seem
short blue cool Luke sure
hey my man right there you know hey my
day he carried my bags you know knowing
someone hip zombies no no no here my man
alright guys so we just got to this mall
right here we're going to like this
place as by bowling and arcades and all
that stuff that's why we're all dressed
up it's Omar's birthday my brother in
law so we don't have a good time you
hear about Devin Booker you got to
listen to ha ha Dave everybody get ready
today you won't see my face in cotton
balls oh no ok hope you never get stated
that ok there's a real friend man real
quick I'm going to bolon vlog now
with the camera in my hand hey logging
what log life your vlog is not about it
I dare you to try
some say before I became a backup where
I could have wet our pba
I like the walk first
a little too much curve because I've
been curved so many times in my life but
it's time to make up for this not bad
not bad average I don't want the
one-on-one though in bowling our
basketball about bowling rematch coming
soon alright guys so we just left the
bowling alley it was tons of fun shout
out to everybody here all of a sudden
anyway as I've been telling you guys
since yesterday's vlog we did record
that track by Ryan just pulled up and he
told what did you do what did you tell
me well I'm not going to sign names yeah
well there's a couple tweets there's a
couple tweets of people that are pissed
off that have had someone click to
whoever is in the studio but someone's
put some in online or something put a
snap online is only shit there's only a
couple of us that have the actual audio
so I don't know yeah well not the actual
track but I don't know what's happened
but there's a couple of people that are
pissed off so I'll open audio and I
could lick it old but but I think is
going to plug his channel not have
enough people I don't have a channel may
fill my Instagram my child privately I
mean we put a little preview up with the
hook in the hook is like it gives you
idea of what the rest of the song is
about so maybe it was just that somebody
was lying and saying they heard the
whole thing
well why do you want to drop us over
after I don't know if I should drop it
oh yeah I mean because honestly I don't
want to burn bridges yeah you know nah
man I mean listen to it you got no life
no school for the culture and I know a
lot such a boob is kind of like pushing
into a lot of people bro I don't know I
don't know what do you guys think
comment down below if you guys think we
should drop it I mean it is kind of like
a joke but so yeah we're going to hold
off on releasing the full song but I'm
going to think about it I don't know
maybe people can give it we lost we that
it's we got cries to that me same
release them and we'll think about yeah
flutter I mentioned maybe not maybe we
need more hype we need you guys to get
hyped and convinces that I don't know I
don't know I really seems plea ties
you got no lunch a booth you've got no
line and all right guys we got to get
out of here back to the hotel everybody
go edit their vlogs you know I'm saying
except Mickey because you know Mickey
longshadow coming soon it did a big
meeting all no no channel
oh yeah let you say in a top secret yeah
man I got the hypest kicks in the world
I'm not worried about these women
looking at me I just what to do is to
look at me because I got the $1,500
chicks on let's get it you've got no
line at your booth
you got no line at you you got no line
at your booth
you got no line at your feet you got no
line at your booth my back to the room
CREP attacks on the shoes now you
fucking with the crew clickbait King
where's my ring
hands in the air six I think you chief
it you copy my shit your girl is also my
dick all of a sudden why is you fronting
fake Supremes for you nothing I came in
this game boy now I'm just fucking
something you stack up to the
motherfuckin ceiling and you tryna get
these subs but you all up in your
feelers that you trying to fuck with us
but we the fucking truth and I see you
in my merch bus
Oh
