alright guys so we just got to Burbank
with the crew for rugers in town would
applause and we are going to go to mag
park right now I want to show them
they've never been to mag parks so we're
going to show them around I don't know
if Mickey's here you may get still here
so stuck around to say hi
what did I tell you about vlogging when
I vlog bruh I'm trying to get mama rap
your ass up I don't want to kick you and
then imma ship your ass Atlanta again
listen I'm not trying to like you know
post on the store and they start
vlogging okay okay okay that part okay
oh I waited just for you yeah I gotta go
practicing for the Passat - no I go
she'll come for you and maybe
three-point-something oh yeah
I'll look Bulls here alright now we
don't go upstairs to see what movement
I'm gonna do a little challenge for
today there's a Sun let them work was
carried over arguing so I'm here in the
back rooms of Mac Park upstairs where
they have all the LV supreme stuff as
well as just regular supreme stuff
bathed antisocial all that hype stuff
and I wanted to do a comparison because
you know this LV supreme drop was
definitely one of the biggest supreme
drops of all time compared to a regular
supreme shirt what are the differences
how does it feel is it worth the resale
price and we will be comparing it to
this regular red Fox logo t-shirt as you
can see the right Supreme Box logo this
one retails for about six hundred and
fifty dollars and quality is kind of
like a regular Hanes t I would say maybe
just a little bit thicker it's not
Gildan quality I've always stressed that
faith quality is kind of thick and it
doesn't feel too good on the skin but
this supreme quality is actually pretty
nice and it's it's good for its price
range and for what it is now the supreme
LV collab t-shirt super super thin I can
tell why they did that just because I'm
pretty sure
alvey's going that
should all this stuff and it's just like
this is like the high-end quality that
they use I honestly don't think this is
worth the resale price of over two
thousand dollars I think that most
anyone should pay for this is a thousand
dollars but because of the man that's
what it goes for and the retail price
being at four hundred dollars or
whatever it was I think that's worth it
I think it is worth it just because it
is the LV supreme collab if I had to
either pay $650 for that one or two
thousand dollars for this one I would go
with this one this one definitely wins
in my opinion okay so now you got my
opinion and you guys already know I love
this little LV supreme drop but I want
to get some people's opinion on the
street so let's go ahead the streets of
Burbank and find out what everybody else
thinks of the LV supreme drop okay right
now we're heading over using the iPhone
excuse me sir how you doing sir can we
get a suction yeah this is such a skinny
positive music but what are your
thoughts on the LV supreme collab and
have the hive die the hive has not died
the collab is crazy everybody's been
going bananas and waiting for it for a
long time
that stuff's so sick I need to get more
of it I got a couple things for retail
like luckily they shout out to the plug
on that one but I need to get more of
them like that crewneck I know it's sick
why are you doing it dies no the hypo
definitely not died because they didn't
do the reefs off of it I think it's
pretty dope the duffel bags are mad dope
I know about the resale prices and like
paying like two three four like 5k per
30 mag has little for 7k that's
ridiculous but I think the duffel bags
are met oh wait supreme ultimate videos
on it
who's that high price for supreme hell
yeah it's live beluga tonic on you
customers but yeah I like it I like all
the dog shit over than the hoodie that's
us discussing you know the one that's
red but without not up nasty but other
than I so I like you
I do not think the hybrids I think the
hype is unreal especially after they
cancelled the second and third pop up
here in LA
that being said that the majority of the
collection is no bueno the Ark logos
fire camo with the monogram inspire oh
my God he's lying
the hell's October obvious hello Mary
supreme fight you know I think the hype
is heavier than it was and I'm saying
and I'm talking about wait they canceled
all the Us locations and the hype just
skyrocketed I talked about airplanes and
that concludes our survey today alright
guys so we just got back to the critical
a lot less people than earlier but let's
just say Versace frames still lit and
your boy just got like three packages so
it's time for hold on he's actually here
with me yes it is that so nothing needs
to get them into coke why Air Force one
minute happy I'll give these away public
okay and then one more box okay alright
guys so creme protects sent me a whole
bunch of stuff I don't know what I don't
even have room for sup so guess what we
gonna do we don't bring it in sneakers
ha baby don't bring this stuff to take
your pharmacy sprays we got more sprays
your kids your kids we got the pill and
then I just picked these up to around to
pick up shouts around to appreciate it
kegels are turning alright let's go this
pool event we'll see you guys there
including oh damn Domino is a light glow
alright guys so we are back on Melrose
and is going down but the shades stay on
because Puma gave me these so you got to
keep them off of the poom oven everybody
got their Pumas on but these are all
from my when I brought you what that's
Jacob Jacob sorry
wait guys there's a red carpet vodka
fountain
we are doing the most spontaneous I've
been wanting to do this for so long now
we are really outside of a recording
studio we are about to make a track and
I know I know everyone's doing tracks
these days Jake Paul all this stuff I
mean at the end of the day making music
is making music I have made other songs
before I've done parodies like six years
ago I made songs I've been known to spit
a few bars and you boys about to go into
the booth and you know or are you know
sniff your youtubers and youtubers we've
got a problem though the choruses sneak
is another really utilize sneakers we're
trained over clap youtubers hi guys so
we are in the studio right now check out
these live bro crap crap crap
let me get into bootless on the end of
butuan sounds like robots going yeah
check it cut your neck I'm coming for
the win I am before it the speaker dream
American treating put up an okay
everything top-secret but we bout to
have a good time
never forget your roots you go you first
Oh God I'm about to just use the fidget
you got no line at your book I feel so
weird you guys just look at me like that
I feel like I've been like pretty yeah
okay since I always watch the run he
gets played a bit term on the phone oh
nigger youtubers alright guys so we just
left the studio and it is what time at
2:18 2:18 bro we were in there East
Coast time so that's like four nights
poverty my wife Pam bull went hard on
the track right he's coming for
someone's neck bro I don't even know
whose neck he was coming for now we
wanted to film the video but we didn't
think it would go this long so the video
is not going to be shot today the video
will be shot tomorrow and the video and
song will be released this Saturday so
while we are at speaker con we are going
to drop this song but I'm not going to
leave you guys empty-handed I'm going to
give you a quick little preview at the
outro of this vlog its mouth are gonna
have a song I didn't feel like I fitted
on that with just a lot of a song but
I'm on that I'm in Nicki YouTube burn
sneak sneak a youtuber la flame you
gotta watch out there 100,000 Pro that
was really good hey did your eternal de
boy yeah sweep it on the boy everybody's
getting the luggages out going hard fans
let's just say they're now ready they go
a lot of people going hate us after this
one you can get a launch at your booth
we go ahead back to the crib we might
have to just end it right now and I'm
going to end it with a little preview of
the song if you are in LA please come to
sticker Con this weekend
it is going to be absolutely link music
video coming out on Saturday we out of
here pen you got no line at your booth
you got no line at you you got no line
at your booth you got no line at your
booth you got no line at your food my
factory
