look who's in the building you are below
me back at like a mile Eddie
oh my back Mike repair Eddie and lemon
back to a like a day or third day in LA
birthday back at it was before today I'm
giving them the full Chi so more la
experience we're going to take you guys
all around LA show you all the high B
spots coming soon anyway first stop is
the Mac Park pop-up on Fairfax
let's see are we going to get some
doubles at dollars out of you I don't
take my dog to the uber driver bro this
is American this is American was
American was this American Road look
even put your name on here man Brody be
so fucking rich and we give them a free
class oh I told you the water
okay thank you oh oh
Friday
so we are here on Fairfax as you can
tell guys and I just saw this selfie
yeah let's do it I'm a big fan of you
thank you go appreciate it
I'm the speakerphone check this out
coming to Fairfax Abe by bathing ape and
then they're also opening an actual bait
store in LA on Melrose official retailer
I'm so excited
I ate the second we opened up here since
8:00 though not based an agent I didn't
know where eight was I'd be solar there
in the rip and dip pop up again
check out these couches somehow some
ways it's turned into a meet and greet
in here that's how I love cuckoo family
strong into rip and dip store Thank You
Man
look about to come here and do two
reviews like this backdrop it what up
y'all
out here in my studio let me show you
guys where I just copped from oh the
circle exhibit my exhibitor my needs
outfit for speaker call this weekend so
I got her the face bikini but she's
probably going to wear like a skirt on
top so she'll have like the fake tank
masculine arts community photos
fire
spikey
how the hell did you do well just pull
it up onto there as easy that raffiq say
the whole run
Oh what the hell are you - Machop wipers
um it's not that them mi tryin to get in
this one yeah yeah that's probably you
do bro
I'm already addicted now that's an
accessible thing I did yeah a little bit
yeah
oh gosh I'm going to do this did you see
this
that explicit bedroom and ask you this
on my wall that no idea off camera - the
one for them is like oh there you go oh
god okay what you see on the camera I
see a 100 okay we got a monkey leader
he's poses right you though you're more
swag I'm gonna go get it let's go get
him no let's go get him okay look
call you on the camera in here I'm sorry
around every second fight that way yeah
alright guys so swagga did he literally
just came from the airport and he
brought his suitcase with them he's a
real one for that going down Melrose
with the suitcase now we are going to go
to poo cakes and then we will go to low
around to we're going to go to round two
nice shirt thank you what up shout out
to my dad Jack and shade came with
sneaker Kahnawake Saturday yeah I like
that secret call yeah let's take a
picture
all right well thank you so much this
weekend yes sir sticker Khan
are you addicted bro I'm so addicted hey
how are you I'm good oh yeah yeah I feel
nothing
you to plug oh no not today no $3 water
- I see $3 water $1 damn beautiful Oh
gross
but you got to play along with the cows
but not today guys another day it's
connecting only wool body home so after
that today okay hold it that I can't
hold it a face we're just hitting that
we're just kidding you good what's up
man hi I'm and the vlog yay
where y'all from
so we love at the Galleria gallery you
do that one more time bro Co aspect
should go as back to Atlanta cuz are you
finished or you know I job I'm Dimitri
if the waiter says you're gonna be not
gallery the gallery right God guys Ricky
our guys are in the round 2 gallery
right now checking out all the dope oh
my god that's so sick
pink jersey 150 okay no sizes in the
hold on hold on mankind stone cold on
there and then on the fact you got Billy
Gunn Xbox Undertaker put you caught bro
now get his bag and everything on there
bro my boy Tony caught that round two I
kind of find anything we can pop up in
that Scion though alright guys so I end
up didn't buying wait what did I say
Melrose would you guys think of Melrose
he's so we expected for a high peace
alerts high peace everywhere hi bees
everywhere hybrids every what you got to
adapt to the culture when you're out
here now that you know I'm saying okay
let's go a little bit we know you a pop
what are you doing here my man's Ryan
came through today so he had to pull out
this is not his territory he's looking
for the halfpipe
now bro khasinau snot mean I don't know
where the hell we set this up somewhere
wrangle with your blogger no from Denver
Colorado
so need Olivia worried about it speaker
one game it can't be really have to be
something up conquer something okay that
come from okay one game yeah I was gonna
clean a harbor look at that bro oh it's
like I just dropped 40 right there
refund you have to 31 and paper those oh
yeah yeah you see where you get it all
for free though they all say we're back
for the community
oh boy yes or do I go alright guys over
say it again sneaker youtubers Thank You
youtubers we just got back to the crib
Ryan didn't have anywhere to stay so he
is crashing with us tonight we've got a
whole slumber party swag Ryan
Tony much along this is large it fits
but I want to see like would you bring a
shows two shoes your honor bring you
just watched evil snicker youtubers oh
and I'm gonna do it unveiling right now
on my channel for the first time ever
I'm gonna show this brand I've never
shown this banks I've never like had
this brand but you know it's a special
occasion
alright guys so basically you know one
of my goals in life whose purposes what
even if I wasn't on YouTube it would be
a dream to have a sneaker to or to
design a cull away for a sneaker Tony he
got the opportunity alongside a few
other guys in the sneaker sneaker
YouTube world to create their own shoe
with saucony and this was in 2005 15 15
12 years in the making 2015 they went to
Boston to the headquarters to go pick
out the materials and all that stuff
this you've already shown it right
the Saucony grid gridiron grass secret
SV grid squall Saucony SD grid - while
the Tony be Tony D - wiles when these
come out August 11th these come out only
a hundred pairs any as a few pairs that
are fed in the family so your boy is
going to have his first pair of Saucony
soon I should let you just explain
course a formal I know it's a crazy wild
color being being able to create your
own sneaker and I appreciate with you
guys if you had an opportunity you're
not going to go with a regular black
white or no you're not going to play it
safe really you want to set something
that this pops it goes crazy for
instance like some wood this one we do
the round - I think he went kind of
crazy with his yeah yeah so when I had
the opportunity I wanted to go with
something that would pop so that
resembled me and that's why I picked the
orange color and that's kind of what you
know where I got the thing Tony do -
well it's 22 Tiger the thing about it is
like the people who will actually
support you and buy this Y are going to
like it the people who talk shit would
never buy it in the first place and
that's all that matters so yeah man
Congrats and I'm excited for my pair to
come not my own pair but the pair from
his I'm reaching for the stars man Nike
Jordan Adidas Under Armour I want to
work with one of those bears so I
exhibit here in Ibiza and if you kick me
make the fall curse pork - all right
kick his supreme board tutorial you know
girl's favorite reseller Jesus yo he is
K oh you tubers if you're youtuber all
right guys well I'm gonna call it a
night now because it's already late we
got to wake up in the morning I got to
wake up in the morning get a haircut and
then we will call it a day I'll see you
get some more with another lip vlog
actually you guys subscribe we are
giving away 10 pairs of Yeezys when we
reach 1 million subscribers you
Cottonelle late this weekend don't
forget up see you guys there I'm outta
here Korean cool okay
