like all the kids
no body
right here
yeah so you go get the snake so you know
that there's a lot of snakes in this
world you know I'm saying daily reminder
all right guys so if you can tell we are
out here in Beverly Hills
my man's is finally here from London's
they were Hey look good everybody yeah
rock coast of British what the hell this
is his first time in America if you guys
don't remember he was in my vlogs from
London he showed us all around we met
because he came up to me like just
shopping yeah and he introduced himself
to me and I was like Oh seen some of
your videos so we just clicked and we've
been homey since and we got him out here
for sneaker con and I'm showing him
around to the bougie things right now
practice out bro this is a Donald Duck
blazer
Russia wow that's pretty what do you
think so far America I love it
everything's bigger here you have palm
trees everywhere I don't that but oh my
god just shows up so quiet
what's your style dinner my throat's a
little bit of everything like okay that
fire it was good large yeah lost cases
well a lot over time unified yeah you're
my managers in heaven right now he's
going crazy I don't even know where he
is which is like Disneyland for you oh
my god I'm in heaven
something happened ever
hula-hula all right good so as you know
me Kirk Antonelli is this weekend my
man's is out here for that so I'm just
showing him around like I told you guys
tomorrow Tony and swag come so this
whole week I'm just going to be linking
up with all youtubers and and friends
and we're just going to be hanging out
but also creating dope content if you're
so good at sneaker con is in my CD for
the first time because I don't have to
travel all we should do with the I hate
huh we have to do with ie ie five
all mine
yeah I need to get out of here because
I'm buying a lot what is all that was at
Weber I'm spending way too much money
here I haven't been to rodeo in a minute
and I just seen so many dope ass shirts
and stuff like that that I'm like I need
to control myself man it's ridiculous
and I bought the phone case didn't I -
yeah you did yeah brah I went crazy
today bro hey I got to impress him you
know us Americans we spend money I'm
just kidding welcome to Hollywood
Hey my man's are scared of height no
joke about this not for real all right
guys so we're out here in Hollywood and
like I said I don't really come here
often and I think I found like the best
time-lapse area of all time in LA like
anything in Hollywood like you didn't
get this the car is you could get the
clouds you can even see downtown like
all the way over there like this spot is
so freakin lit I'm definitely going to
come back here one day Disney Studios oh
they have fire ice cream there laughs at
Disney my book Jerry's deli guys weird
shirt come to America and gain 50 pounds
in one day
hey so my son and if you take this house
bill so Johnny the runoff flows through
my job with my time at once and it's why
do okay five five five
yeah yeah so after a great day exploring
LA I'm back at the crib I did go play
basketball earlier I just finished
showering and I actually cleaned my
whole apartment because tomorrow I have
my guests coming over like literally
look at this clean clean clean clean
clean clean clean clean clean no dishes
doing laundry don't leave out this
bathroom lit and clean I haven't
scrubbed the toilet you filming so
yesterday i actually announced one huge
announcement for the tour and that is
that i am releasing for the first time
ever exclusively at the tour the first
ever dream crew x krepp protect collab
on my favorite product which is the CREP
wipes it's basically a special dream
crew edition of the kreb wipes so this
is just one of the many very limited
slash exclusive items for the tour when
I went to sneaker Con New York about two
two and a half years ago I got paid for
my own ticket to fly there I paid for my
ticket I want to get to get in and I
couldn't afford to buy any shoes but I
went and I bought crept protect it's
actually in the vlog I literally just
leave with a bag of crepitus so it's
dope now that I am a brand ambassador
and now it's crazy to me that I have my
own collab with them so it's a blessing
and I'm really excited to add that to
this amazing amazing amazing tour ok but
enough about the tour because we got to
worry about sneaker con LA this weekend
is sneaker continent lay your boy is
going to be there on Saturday defending
my three-point championship you won't
stay at home with Papa don't even worry
dew point burgundy bout to be and
they're taking another three point
championship you know my competition for
the dew point contest is going to be a
little bit rough but let's just say
shooters keep shooting and as always you
know your boys going to have some
exclusive March 4 sneaker con and this
time it's going to be super lit because
not only will I have my own merch which
I will show you guys in tomorrow's vlog
and then I'm also doing the collab with
samples so now I actually have all three
pieces of the collab I'm not going to
sit here and set up my lights because
like I literally just clean my whole
apartment but ladies and gentlemen let's
find out what's in the bag
what's in the box okay so now I can
finally unveil to you guys the second
collab that we are doing together we
decided to go with the Lakers theme as
you guys saw from the shorts that I've
been wearing all day these are the
shorts already on these I warm all day
long and I love them my favorite thing
about them is that the backs have zipper
pockets so you don't have to worry about
stuff falling out of your pocket I'm
going to show you guys for the first
time ever the shirt this is not even
like this shirt the quality on here is
so nice if you guys remember Kobe wore
something like this in the first couple
dunks we didn't wear the whole dunk
contest as you can see sample crew on
the back sample crew logo on the front
so yeah this is freaking dope to me just
because like I feel like you can't get
that anywhere else
so now that we created it you could have
a dream crew sample version of it okay
now I got to open this song since I
haven't even seen this one so we got the
short we got the warmup what else are we
missing masking Oh what well then it was
supposed to be the Jersey but it's
another warm-up Tony D told me not to
show this whole collection until we have
all three pieces in so I'm going to do
it anyway yeah they sent me the wrong
one so you guys got a way to see the
last piece of the collection but just
know fan basketball jersey alright guys
so now I got a long night ahead of me it
is already like 3:00 a.m. but your boys
going to be up until late late late
because I gotta edit and I also got to
finish designing a few things for the
tour I'm out of here if you improve
anything is possible
three plaques on the wall a million
coming soon make sure you guys subscribe
because when we reach 1 million I'm
giving away 10 pairs of easy come out
