so yesterday was my cousin's engagement
party I'm in the bay area for about
eight more hours and I've got a lot to
do so it's time to get the day started
and we are about four days away from
sneaker con LA and right now I just want
to clarify a few things because a lot of
people have been asking me yes I will be
at both days Saturday will be the
three-point contest the live draft for
teams the game of knockout with fans and
the rookie game and then Sunday will be
the main game featuring
all those players right there so I hope
to see you guys at sneaker con la
technically in Anaheim which is about 40
minutes away from like the Los Angeles
area but Anaheim and the Anaheim
Convention Center is like the premier
best Convention Center in all of
Southern California so we do in a big
this one it's time to pack up get ready
get out of here I got to go to the mall
I got to go to Seoul supremacy I got to
go visit family and then pink I'm
turning up my food
alright guys so we all here back in the
bay I got a few more hours I got like
four or five more hours and so I got to
head towards the airport and I need to
call these kids that I played basketball
with because I owe them Jordans I was
originally supposed to give it to them
yesterday but I got caught up and I was
late to my cousin's engagement party so
I had to call him and I told them that
Monday we will make it happen so he said
all right let's do it I told him to tell
all the guys i'ma call them right now
but this is the third time I've called
them and you didn't pick up the first
two times so I'm kind of scared
yo um can you guys meet at two o'clock
straight me everyone yeah two o'clock at
Thorin okay make sure you tell all the
other guys that one okay the guys that
were on our team okay
all right sounds good brother see you
soon no way so the good thing about
buying these kids shoes is that they are
all youth sizes which means I save
myself a ton of money but money is not
the issue here it's just that trying to
find their sizes I have them in the back
looking for the shoes that I want and
I'm getting the three pairs for my
teammates I'm not coming any product
like back home huh yes please
so I just got done buying the kids some
shoes and to be honest with you I got a
little bit jealous so I'm gonna go to
social pharmacy across the street and
I'm going to buy myself some shoes I
don't mean to ignore you
I've been building so and so that I can
talk some charge all across the world in
a minute and so I can shake your hand a
little bit energy sometimes I've been so
off inside my life but I know that music
is my therapy we have apples I got these
are probably keep them and play with
them it is they wear really well this is
a guy one black bear on the inside it's
like I'd like to reverse on it this one
everyone thing yeah but the 8th is
actually a three piece set one that is
crazy these two is like double each than
the blue one you just never find these
everyone old favorite
oh the run time oh my god this is it I
would take this over the watch isn't it
I like the wasa fellas because I like
more simple shoes and I lost the dog
this was my first one Bontempo over home
stuff like this like tank
kapenta u-visa yeah on the inside what
was before is I it was made for the
Jordan Brand athletes for a Veterans Day
no they all lay down like Jimmy Butler
way to all them and then flip it high so
I'm supposed to meet the kids in 20
minutes so we got a few minutes to spare
I've been telling you guys that I'm
going to do a crazy sneaker pickup soon
here they are this is a shoe that I've
been really really wanting since I first
saw them in perfect Paris collection I
didn't you know just go buy them right
away I was smart with it I waited to
find them in my size for a decent price
when it comes to cop and shoes like
these I try to get rid of a whole bunch
of other shoes before I make a crazy
purchase that's what I did so I sold a
whole bunch of shoes through Mac Park
putting them on consignment there and on
top of that is just saving my money to
be able to buy these like I didn't just
spend money that III probably mentioned
I have mentioned this year before but I
have what I call a sneaker budget and I
have a certain amount of money that I
allow myself to spend a month on
sneakers but it also within my certain
my collection that I have now I keep a
budget of how much my sneakers are worth
and how much I can you know add to it
and subtract to it so at the moment my
sneaker budget allowed me to buy these I
didn't just buy these spontaneous and
I'm trying to flex them because they're
expensive as a sneaker head you got to
make the right choices and that's my
advice to all you guys is don't just go
out and buy a million shoes and then
regret it later be very very cautious of
your investments because buying sneakers
technically can be an investment at the
end of the day but this is a shoe right
here that I don't know if ooh be my
collection
the rest of my life but it's issue that
I've really really wanted this is now my
most expensive sneaker that I've ever
purchased so these are for those of you
guys that don't know this is the legends
of the summer tour Jordan Warren for
Justin Timberlake and they would give it
out to friends and family and as always
when it comes to friends and family
pairs always end up somehow someway
finding their way to the streets you
noticing so yeah so shout out to soul
supremacy for giving me a great deal on
these so whole body of the shoe is just
red cool litter and it's not like kinda
rubs off like this is not going to
revolve no matter how much I scrape it
like you don't see it on my fingertips
or anything like that wish they did Nike
air on the tongue but you can see it is
a emboss Jordan air Jumpman logo right
there okay so on the inside you've got
like it's glued into the shoe but it
says suit and tie right there and this
is a stiff that shoe thank God I got a
ten and a hat feel like I'm wearing some
red bottoms or something these are
freaking crazy very very excited to have
these alright so now I'm going to head
to the school where I met up with the
kids because I'm going to give them
their shoes so let's head to Torian I
will see you guys there alright so I
just got the Thornton junior high school
and hopefully the kids are getting after
that is currently 2 p.m. seems to be no
sign of life at all here think I sold a
jam dessert but isn't it summer like
what are you doing here yo yo what's up
y'all where's my winners at Oh
I never seed you in my life the last
name you've got well that was real who
ya talking about the lighting was dark
you couldn't see it alright it was kind
of hard when I went to Valley Fair and
they didn't have any sizes and like
retro Jordan's likes it these days you
know I'm saying so I would just get
whatever they had one of them was
actually a men's size but it's a men's
size 7 and a half it's not nothing
anything crazy limited but you know
nothing six is for you so much don't
think you saw eye to eye man with the
MVP got you a size four as the only one
in the size for me than it like you're
going back like seven
that's your bra size seven there you go
come on that the game winner right here
there you go in July every Monday oh my
god all right hope you guys like oh man
it's nothing crazy but I promise you
guys joining again Jordan so that's up
to my man
you forgot mine well mine next time
alright guys so I just gave all the
homies their sneakers I told them that
next time I come out here I'll hit them
up and let them know so we could play
again for some fun now I got to go back
to the crib pack up get ready leaving to
the airport soon and then we out to LA
you already know I'm tired
god I wish I had a car out here because
I've been walking a lot
and I just need your table we need to
charge and we are back at the LA
apartment the cool AB whatever the hell
I decided to call this I forgot I
usually would probably say let's check
out this unboxing and then hit the intro
but we're not going to hit that intro I
already opened my packages I had no idea
what it was and I thought it was
something that I wasn't going to unbox
on camera but it's sitting right in
front of my face so now it's time for
lights camera action it's time with a
big unfeeling here we go
the first time I did a collab with tawny
and bullets brand sample was at sneaker
Con Bay Area sponsz
to that collab was insane we literally
sold out of a hundred wing baker jackets
in less than 30 minutes so I'll show you
guys the first one because you've seen
the first one in on Twitter yeah so as
you can see we got ourselves some Laker
inspired shorts but the difference
between this and what the Lakers
actually wore is this one is a half
purple half yellow and I don't know why
it's not focusing I mean just look at
the stitching on that front you know I'm
saying that's like you pressed or
anything like that that's full
embroidery you don't worry I'm not going
to lose you don't worry you ain't going
anywhere
you staying right there that's it yo I
got no warning yeah my life is gone oh
hang in with my always should be
