come on guys welcome to another
beautiful day out here in Los Angeles
and today is Thursday so it's one day
away from the weekend and I'm very
excited because this weekend is honestly
I don't know what the hell is going on
this weekend but it's gonna be lit man
it's gotta be lit and yesterday's vlog I
made a statement I said I'm gonna try to
upload every single day this month and
I'm gonna try to stick to that promise
now I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
do it because you know some days I don't
really upload us I mean I don't upload
daily vlogs like I used to I try to put
more focus into creating adult content
and making better quality videos but I
just I miss it I miss filming my life so
I want to bring back that element of
actually vlogging and not just making
videos to make videos it but I mean
obviously I'm still gonna put like a lot
of effort into them so I still want them
all to be bangers but I want to upload
every single day so we're gonna try it
out for February see how it works
because I feel like there's a lot going
on in my personal life and in the world
of sneakers and all start weekend and
all that so yeah countdown for all-star
weekend put the thing right there with
SeatGeek we are 17 days away you feel me
yeah that's gonna be absolutely insane
so much is going on that weekend and on
top of that we're really really really
close to 1 million subscribers so as we
get closer every single day I get to
keep you guys updated I kind of like you
know document that before it happens
like I'm really excited for that so if
you are not subscribed please join the
crew like I know a lot of you guys watch
this and you're not subscribed so if you
do subscribe it would mean the world to
me so please subscribe and what's going
on today what's on the agenda you asked
well family time because my dad's here
I'm gonna be hanging out with my dad my
sister my brother-in-law and the baby
aya so I don't know how much I'm gonna
film with them but that's what I'm about
to do right now
yeah I would bid for the switch honestly
look my shoes are right there
we're the ones I'm wearing you can win
and choose one more oh yeah good alright
guys so we came to this outdoor mall
right now and it's kind of weird they
had a random keymaster in here so I
don't know if there's like a sneaker
store but it's like pretty cool we're in
Orange County so I think there's like
outlets and whatnot so we might have to
do like a Nike outlet challenge
alright guys so Akitas outlet let's see
what they got inside I think what I want
to do is I want to do a fetus vs Nike
outlet and see what I can get for $100 I
each store and see which one has better
options you know so times have changed
it's not like it was like a year and a
half ago where you come to an outlet and
they don't have any boosted sneakers
it's actually pretty easy to get boost
at it out right now 99 dollars not bad
yes
184 these is tax I'm gonna do it y'all
I'm gonna do it I'm sorry I found Yeezys
at the outlet the inventories like
whatever the prices are a little
disappointing they're not like in my
opinion they're not outlet worthy prices
like they're like whatever but the
playlists here spire guys so we're in
bands right now and this freakin vans
has a skate park in it oh my god
i'ma have to get on the ramp and shred
it myself you know what I'm sayin
reminds me of Ryan Ryan where you at
I used to skateboard once upon a time I
gave up after I couldn't do all these
you like those Welker no no you like the
velvet the velvet or the fur but these
ins are better for kids I feel like all
right we got the Nike holla now cuz I
got some NBA stuff over here oh this
should be on clearance for chair this
gonna be on super super sale 110 yo guys
alright so I am actually back at the
crib end guys you ready to see this I'm
about to embarrass myself very very much
right now I've got a man button okay I'm
not really trying to support a man bun
but like I was like I just took a shower
but I'm gonna take it out in like two
seconds like I would never in my life
sport a man bun but anyway I'm super
super excited because I ordered
something online the first thing I
ordered online was this this right here
is what I put my vlog camera on when I'm
vlogging this is a Joby it is not a
tripod is called technically it's called
a gorilla pod cuz tripods extend out
gorilla pods do not extend out they just
have the legs that like you can mess
around with and you know wrap them
around poles and stuff but I don't do
that because it messes it up but anyway
I got this one because I need it I was
way overdue for a new one
and did they do wear out after a few
months but this one was like I needed a
new one and I love this one because it's
got like that red like metallic red
detailing on it so this is like I get
excited for these camera nerd stuff more
than I do sneaker sometimes that's the
first thing I got and then this is the
second thing I got so I have a few more
fees I have the supreme one right here
two thick one and I've
this thinner supreme one this one
doesn't work anymore and then I've got
the newer one the supreme like brick
Morphy so actually got three of these I
don't know why would I have three
different morphe Supremes but I wanted I
was a no where was I I saw it on
Instagram that they released the morphe
that's not just for charging your phone
this thing right here is like the
biggest and most powerful morphe ever
like bought this so that when I travel I
have no excuses this thing literally
charges phones it can charge my Nintendo
switch it can charge my battery for my
vive la camera it can literally charge
anything and it can even charge my
laptop like look at that I don't have to
look for an outlet I'm just gonna have
this in my bag at all times the little
heavy it's not too bad but no excuses I
can't say my laptop diet anymore because
I got this now yeah after this dies then
I'm screwed but this keeps your laptop
going for another 15 hours so this thing
is gonna be super super clutch and no
this is not a promo this is not a paid
advertisement from morphe or more what I
think I say it wrong I'd say more I
think more fees the makeup company I
forgot how to say Mophie Mophie I think
it's Mophie this is not a paid
advertisement from them this is just me
showing you guys a dope-ass product this
thing is sick man and this thing is
going to save my life a lot when I
travel so it's got the plug right there
if there's any if anybody's interested
in picking one of these up it's on the
Mophie website it's pretty pricey it's
like 200 bucks but it's gonna be worth
it if you use it the way I'm gonna be
using it because this thing right here
is gonna save my life I should have
probably done an unboxing for it but I
got super excited so I kind of just
ripped it out of the box like I said man
I get excited for this disturbed stuff
more than I do like sneakers sometimes
anyway the outlets today were a huge
huge L man I really hate outlets these
days sneaker outlets used to be so lit
a Nike outlet well it was called the
Nike clearance it was cheaper than an
outlet it was located in San Leandro in
the Bay Area obviously that's where I
used to live we used to find Steel's
they're like I got
broan hazelnut tens for I think it was
like $89 like bra retail on those things
were like 250 I think but now when you
go to these outlets all you see is these
shoes that are just the same price that
they could be anywhere else like where
are the deals at Nike Adidas Under
Armour like guys like clearance stores
need to be cheaper you know I'm saying
you got to get rid of that hold now I
understand like the clearance stores
even have sales where you can get this
stuff cheaper but it's just not the way
it used to be and I don't really okay
I'm taking the men but I'm done with
this thing let me know if you enjoyed it
if you guys enjoyed me going and just
seeing what kind of stuff they got
outlets let me know I know there's a few
youtubers that do do it and then you
know their audiences love it so let me
know how you guys feel about me going
and doing it yeah it was pretty cool I
was just with my family challenge so I
mean honestly I can't complain anyway
this vlog is gonna mainly be about one
thing and that's I need your help hello
people okay I really don't know what's
going on with my hair I know what judo
chop bangs okay so basically I've been
on and off with this idea and in trying
to figure this out and one day I want to
do it but then the next day I want to do
something else so as you guys know I
have another channel called crew kicks
which was or it used to be my sneaker
channel where I used to do unboxings top
tens sneaker related content like five
days a week like Bam Bam Bam Bam five
days a week and then I finally missed
the video and then after that I kind of
you know kept uploading five days a week
here and there I'd miss a video and now
it's to the point where I don't even
upload like it's been like four or five
months since I last uploaded on there
the reason why I stopped uploading was
because for me I was focusing so much on
crew TV and trying to build it and get
it to a million subscribers that I
didn't have enough time to edit two
videos a day because I was editing a
vlog and I was editing a crew kicks
video like editing takes a very long
time especially with my vlogs my vlogs
can take anywhere from three to four
hours to edit it really depends on how
much work I want to put into it and I do
want to
in the most work I can here's the thing
it's like I've kind of taken everything
that I used to do on crew cakes and I
incorporate it in the vlogs I've been
telling you guys I want to bring coop
chicks back I've been telling you and
telling you and then I don't do it and
then I get another month goes by and I
don't do it and people are like you're
liar crew cakes is dead
I only subscribe to you because of crew
cakes here's my dilemma now like I want
to bring crew kicks back but then also
like why would I bring crew kicks back
if I could take all the ideas I have for
crew kicks and just incorporate them in
the vlogs and keep growing this channel
and I feel like if I'm gonna put effort
into crew cakes then the vlogs are gonna
lag if I put effort into the love logs
then crew kicks is gonna lag why don't I
just take everything and put it together
so this is where I want your guys's help
let me know do you guys think I should
leave crew cakes and just just let it be
just let it be it changed my life
it really they changed my life it's it's
such an important channel to me and it
really it's it's a huge part of the
whole dream crew history of my of my
youtube journey it is but at this time
of my life should I just leave it there
and just take all my ideas and just you
know hit that million subscriber mark
and show the world the type of content
we can do but I want you guys to think
about it like think really think about
it think about it in the way of okay he
could put more effort towards crew TV
and give us better videos or we can get
both channels and maybe mediocre videos
on both channels you know I'm saying
it's like do you guys want the best of
the best or do you guys want like just
more content in general doesn't matter
if it's super super dope or whatever
like you know I'm saying it's like
everyone's opinion matters to me what I
originally wanted to do with crew kicks
I wanted to make it into a channel where
I sit down and I have guests and we talk
and and I'm giving you guys all the
information on new sneaker releases and
giving my opinion on sneaker releases
but what about a segments weekly in the
vlogs where I talk about sneaker news
and
just like all right guys let's talk
about sneaker news and then the intro
hits and then I'm here at the table and
I'm just like so these images lead I
think these are whack I think these are
dull definitely gonna cop these um
all-star weekend's around the corner and
here's all the drops what do I plan on
copying Bing Bing Bing likes you know
I'm saying like that um so yeah that's
that's where I'm kind of like split
right down the middle of what the hell I
should do okay
I'm gonna end the vlog here because we
done
