Seaforth burgundy here this actually was
my old middle school and this court
right here was my stomping ground you
know some good memories on this court
and you know I see some younglings over
there I kind of remind me of myself with
their friends you know open spirits no
worries in the world but have fun so I'm
going to challenge them to a game of
basketball and maybe will give away some
prizes as other team can beat us your
boys back in the bay for a few days
three-point champion getting ready for
LA next week if you know their status
edit that out all of a sudden all of a
sudden all of a sudden BAM God has done
everything I don't know who's good who's
not good Robo Yoga he's good he's good
he does all of this best player in the
ring this is a generation I need three
I'll take him I'll take my man's right
here we have the garbage bag on my head
you right yeah oh yeah I played the
garbage bag and then one more we need
one more come on take white shoes that
good we got a place for something though
I know y'all shoes look a little busted
oh man right here you good yeah so for
four if they win I buy one of their
players a pair of sneakers if my team
wins i buy one of my players is two pair
of sneakers so let's get this W 1 2 3 4
1 2 3 5 11 1 for 2 guys win by 2 though
win by 2 then you both look up
Oh God
Oh goody-goody yeah commence bombing
legendary my man oh my god
there you go
take the lead we got that w baby there
MVP of the game though every beautiful
right-hand man we play hard it's the
first time I met you but I love y'all
dream crew on three one two three and
y'all all need new shoes man you know
I'm gonna get them all shoes all right I
get the whole spa shoes are you guys are
men's sizes yet right now they're youth
size so it's cheaper anyway you know
what you guys like what you guys all
like cady's or what - Jordan 30-day
Jordans Jace Jace okay let me take any
time as long as you respond and you guys
will all be there tomorrow okay I'm
gonna try to come probably like like 12
o'clock ish and you don't want to reach
them God is like my dream crew on do you
want to see
