what is going on dream crew family we
are exactly one week away from sneaker
con la so your boy had to hit them shots
up this morning and then yesterday I
actually hung out with the infamous the
legendary the one the only find out
watching exclude easy buster okay hey so
this is the first time you've been in
someone's vlog I know here first time
how many Easy's have you spotted that
our fake just by walking on Melrose I've
seen probably like 100 pairs total only
like 26 probably at least 100 legit yeah
damn your most recent bust was on a huge
youtuber and I'm not here to like both
them obviously I might use it for the
title because you know that we got love
used Lance what's his last name Stewart
something like he used to be a whiner
now he's like a youtuber but EDM him and
told him yet fakes but Lance still tried
to flex them maybe a little bit demon
that possessed ins well yeah it might
have been a demon that possessed oh I
don't know we live in the same city if I
see him I'll tell him ago those are fake
bro easy but I told you no Wisconsin
Gretchen God has given you a lot but
going through the motions understand
we've got
should we talk about how you started the
account have you ever told the story of
how you started the account I did a
little documentary with complex oh yeah
and I told them that story yeah I got a
problem just in case they don't go on
conflict so if you've never heard of my
page at YouTube us down instagrams where
every handle basically how it started
was I got finesse with a pair of fake
visas and my dad bought me for my
birthday
found out that they were fake kind of
did my research about what's real and
what's fake found myself a real pair and
then I got really interested in it and
then I saw some kids in my high school
like showing off some fake GPS and I'm
kind of getting the same attention and
as a joke I kind of made like a museum
us to page after a fake watch Buster
which I thought was cool it kind of went
viral the first day he was originally
the one got that guy cam and then that's
what made you want to research and
figure out everything about fake you
call people out but then you're also
doing it to knowledge people so I
wouldn't really consider it bullying if
it's so hard for celebrity or youtuber -
who has hella money to get called out it
will happen to anybody who's just trying
to find a good deal at the end of the
day people are out there fakes left and
right you know I really don't have a
problem with people wearing fake disease
as long as they Ono own up to it and I
never really try to like bully people
never name call or anything like that I
just kind of I only call people out who
are supposed to have really easy
celebrities and public figures and
youtubers and all that the funny thing
is when everyone was tagging my moon
rock yeah take big fake they're tight
even on Mina's they're tagging her I
think turtle does even was tagging you
hit me up here like drop some dollars
yeah yeah yeah bro can you drop
knowledge like I didn't pay 2.4 for her
turtledoves for people to be telling the
her death are fake but people just
assume right these days actually like I
mean people trying to even expose me
that's the life of easy but those so
those palatable ostomy oh yeah that the
writing on the side yeah where'd you get
those where did I get these who's on the
Instagram ads
Oh 100% yeah yeah Heusen percent and now
I'm currently about to leave this crib
I'm not a microbe I'm on my sister's
crib but I'm about to leave right now
new battery so we're going to be charged
all day no excuses you got to get out of
the aquarium
alright guys so we just got to be both
be Fairgrounds here about a turn up you
know I'm saying OSI Coachella we out
here it's the first day that it's open
she's saying it's packed but I think it
would have been way more packed in a few
days
well I think a lot of people come on
Jane yeah maybe more turtleneck is
pretty cool oh my god I'm not doing that
we best believe I'm looking for those
basketball courts because you boys the
three-point champion I'm sure you guys a
preview of what I'm gonna do in LA for
sneaker time
all the hella overinflated
my god okay first of all that room is
like cricket take your car no way come
it out call me yeah I have a couple
times yeah hell yeah come protect okay
guys that RIM not making it fine nothing
bigoted w told you yeah I know this
fairground stuff might be kind of boring
to you guys so I actually got a package
today so let's go find out what my
package was and then we'll come back
here insert swag you did his head
popping out of the box what's in the box
hope you're having fun at the fair case
while I sit here and then box these
sneakers
spoiler alert at the end of this vlog
after we leave the fair I'm going to
announce all the cities that we are
coming to for all of a sudden the tour
yeah we're going on tour at the end next
month so anyway let's go ahead and open
this up this is actually a package that
I got my soul supremacy for those of you
guys that are not familiar with social
supremacy so social supremacy was a
sneaker store that was literally 10 to
15 minutes away from my house back home
in the Bay Area and anytime I need a
sneaker I always reach out to them and
they help me find it so I told them that
I was looking for these and they
actually ended up getting my size so I
was like please please I need those so I
bought it bought it off them I share
part of the day never gets old
this is a sneaker that I've never seen
in person on top of that I've never seen
anybody
these are a recent release but I've
never seen them so I'm really excited
CDs let's just say I don't go to public
school but I still got that PSN why
now man these alright so as you guys can
see I cop the olive colorway of the PSN
why Jordan collaboration this is
technically one of four sneakers that
they have released and they've all been
Jordan 12s and they've all been this
crazy material I don't have any of the
other ones I'm really not interested in
picking up any of the other one I really
want to see the wheat ones in person and
I want to i passed on the black one I
love the Jordan 12 it's not my favorite
Jordan Jordan one is my favorite Jordan
but the 212 I loved it because it was
the first children I ever had it
honestly looks like it would be like
nubuck but like shaved down to where
it's not so furry if that makes sense I
need to really brush up on my sneaker
terminology because it's really bad no
disrespect to anybody else you know to
each his own everybody likes sneakers
that they buy obviously they buy them
for a reason what me personally like I
I've been fortunate enough to cop a lot
of the stuff that I've dreamt of having
and then there's also stuff that I see
everywhere and it's just like I want to
represent being able to buy your dream
shoes and by that I mean being able to
work hard to buy anything you want in
the sneaker roller outside of the
sneaker world so to me seeing all these
sneakers that I'm able to cough which
you don't actually see in the average
sneaker collection is motivation every
single day for me to you know keep
grinding hard keep hustling to be able
to keep my feet fresh and to be able to
you know keep a roof over my head
hopefully you guys you understand where
I'm coming from it's just this is like
sneaker head it's sneaker head talking
to another sneaker head hopefully I kept
it 100 with you guys to insert hundred
emoji right there
no swaggity back to you guys
Oh your hands in my mouth oh they're
bruised again it is like stress against
this metal gears oh why this got coffee
I give up in life I'm selling a YouTube
channel oh my god I broke ground then
I'll let this barber shop me maybe
you're right oh my god this is a foot
alright guys so that is it from the
fairgrounds we had a ton of fun we're
definitely going to come back here
before it goes away and now it's time to
head back to the crew this is game late
your boys tires not over yet because I
got to talk to you guys about something
so let's go to the crib alright so we
are back home at the crib in Redis okay
well these lights are way too close so
I'm standing up because I'm so excited a
foot away from the camera like literally
like right here you guys didn't know
starting next month I'm going on tour
and the tour is called all of a sudden
fam the tour and it is presented by the
great people over at crap protection
crew I get to meet you guys and I'm so
so freaking honored every single city we
go to is literally going to be a
celebration of 10 years on YouTube no
more talking let me go ahead and
announce the cities that we are coming
to officially I'm only going to be
telling you guys the cities right now
and the reason for that is because I'm
going to wait for the actual flier of
the tour to come out so that it has all
the cities the day of the event and the
location of the event some of them will
be inside of sneaker stores other ones
will be inside of our own pop ups and
they look some of our more just be at
sneaker cons so yes sneaker cons that
fall within the tour timeframe will be a
part of the tour the first stop on the
tour is in the first stop of the tour
the first stop of the tour for the first
stop of the tour for the first stop of
the tour for the first time ever first
city on this tour cancer the oh my god I
don't know how I don't even know how to
start I'm trying so hard I don't know
I'm so excited right now the first stop
on the tour is Portland it's only right
that the crew comes and takes over
I would he announced it we're going to H
town I know we recently went to this
next place but this place shows so much
freaking love you come into the Windy
City Chicago this next place is somewhat
I have never been before so I'm just
going to say it straight up we come in
to Philly the next city is another place
that I've never been before this was the
most requested place so I expect this
stop on the tour to be the most lit
Boston we are
coming to Boston and then of course man
we got to go to New York City like I
said any sneaker con that falls within
the tour is going to be part of the tour
Hong Kong will be part of the all of a
sudden fam tour as well as Australia
will be part of the all of a sudden
found the tour now originally I was not
going to do this city but I have to do
this city because this is this is the
city Los Angeles since Anika Khan's next
weekend and then the tour is literally a
month later maybe we shouldn't have LA
but Mickey hit me up and he said it
needs to happen because something huge
is about to happen
so basically LA is going to be epic is
all I can pretty much say right now and
you know la is not that far from this
next place so I hit up JC and I'm like
yo we come into Vegas nigga con Atlanta
yes sneaker con Atlanta is part of the
tour another place which I've never been
before and I'm so excited to come
because your boy wants to go to Disney
World we are coming to Orlando September
30th the tour stop will be my home the
Bay Area and then you know since we're
in the Bay Area we're going to take a
little road trip not too far are we
going for the first time ever Sacramento
we got two more places left on the tour
the DMV of course we got to come to the
DMV and last but not least the tour is
coming to 618 Toronto we are coming to
Toronto again because last year's tour
stop for Toronto got shut down and it
might be a sneaker gone okay so in case
you for some reason just forwarded all
that let me do a quick review for you
Portland Houston Chicago Philly Boston
New York City Hong Kong Australia
Angeles Las Vegas Atlanta Orlando
Toronto DC that was so hard to do but I
am so freaking excited excited that I'm
like it's almost like 5:00 a.m. now and
I'm just like so freaking excited that I
got that off my chest that I was able to
share that with you guys let's do this
man giveaways I'm I'm done I'm done
officer six I think
and
