I've always loved to travel
and I'm really blessed and fortunate
that I get to travel with my career with
my youtube journey going to sneaker cons
on different events doing different
pop-ups or just in general just wanting
to go wherever I want to go I've been
really blessed and fortunate enough to
be able to take you guys with me and to
be able to do that for a living
now myself when I do travel I do carry a
lot of things with me and one thing
that's really important is baggage so
thinking how can I you know give you
guys some hints and tips on travel
essentials for sneakerhead so here are
five things every sneaker head needs
when they travel this bag right here is
specifically designed for sneakers check
out all these pockets one two three four
very nice zippers open it up more
zippers on the inside I love that you
can adjust the panels in here too to fit
your sneakers or whatever else you want
to put in there let me just fix this one
up also got a nice slot for your laptop
any type of sneaker from dawn sees even
bigger sneakers like a Yeezy 750 will
fit right in there and then it also
comes with this little case right here
in case you want to be extra protective
with your sneakers because you see those
little holes right there you can't let
your syncing breathe put some babe
enemies in there zip it back up like so
very nice very nice and it goes right
there into the slot oh yeah and put some
fans in there zip it back up and you're
good to go okay number two is pretty
obvious cut protect specifically crept
protect wipes now the reason why I love
these things for traveling is because it
is super super compact and it's not for
those deep deep deep dirty Queens this
is just for a quick life a quick clean
just open it up and I know what you're
thinking it looks like something else
but that's not what it is this is
actually a crop wipe it's just one
little wipe and it's actually very very
smooth on one side and rough on the
other side let's get some shoes adidas
clean it up
very very simple obviously it's not
going to take all the dirt off again it
is just for a quick clean when you need
it and it's only usable once so one pack
comes with about 12 prep wipes and
you're good to go
shut up the creb the next one is an
essential for sure when you travel you
move around and you're going to be
walking a lot you're gonna need boots I
don't care who you are
adidas is killing the game with the
comfort of Foose and if you're walking
around traveling sightseeing wherever
the hell you are you need your feet to
be comfortable and they're stylish so
adidas boost is definitely a must take
on any trip even if you take a pair of
Jordans or whatever else make sure you
bring boost because this is going to be
needed after your feet are sore from a
long day of walking i really suggest
taking a pair of ultra booster enemies
okay so the next one is going to seem
stupid but you're going to need cash not
that much the reason why you're going to
need cash is because when you travel as
a senior head you go to different cities
and you want to check out different
sneaker shops so you find a pair of
breads at a sneaker shop and they go for
$250 you want to use your credit card
but you got to pay taxes and probably
those stores is going to have you pay
more because of fees and stuff like that
if you have cash though it might give
you a little discount I'll charge you
tax or you know hook it up because cash
is much better than using a credit card
machine now obviously you're going to
take your phone when you travel but it's
very very important if your sneaker
shopping around different cities to know
the value of sneakers you want so I use
the goat app and this is a must for any
travel date it's going into sneaker
shops and checking out how much they're
going for on goat and then seeing how
much they are selling them at the store
the reason why I like to look to the
size and stuff like that is say I'm
looking for zebras and it's a ten and a
half is five hundred eighty dollars I'm
not going to pay more than two five
hundred eighty dollars at any Flickr
store because I know that I can get it
on the goat app for cheaper so yeah and
then other good thing about goat is it
has pictures of people wearing the shoe
and stuff like that so you can see how
they look on feet in case you're not
convinced that you want to buy it
great workout feel to this musical great
workout day one officially on the grind
to get back in shape eating healthy
feeling good already and then I got a
package so I'm going to open this up
let's go what's in a box this is one of
those I have no idea what's in the box
boxes alright I see a logo of my name on
it
cue Jas with family what is that as of
late I've been getting a lot a lot of
lot of love from Puma so if you shout
out to Puma check this out we got the
Arsenal logo right there so I'm assuming
this is something with softer step out
exit the shadows light up the game oh my
god oh there's more okay let's just look
at all these are sick hell yeah and then
we got home no way look we got the
Jersey right here the Arsenal jerseys
right here and then they put my number
24 which is like 24 to the Kobe hey this
is so lit bro oh my god this has got to
be one of the dopest things I've ever
bought all of a sudden I'm going to be
an Arsenal fan there's some shoes or
some cleats in here I'll be happy with
some cleats your body might have to join
a soccer league if there's some cleats
in here BAM check these out these are
the Puma ignites I'm assuming because
that's what it says on the inside I've
actually seen pictures of these online
but I haven't seen this all black
colorway this is a really interesting
back right here that's pretty different
I like the upper of the shoe it looks
like it's a mesh upper and then it's got
this like netting all over the upper
that is what is actually providing the
lacing system for the shoe so if you
guys could see them you try to bright in
here if you guys can see the laces are
just randomly in these loops so for some
reason you don't like the way the shoes
lace you can just take it out and put it
in another hole that's what she said
don't put these arms see how these fit I
don't know how I feel about this thing
right here like that like if I'm
exercising is just kind of rubbing right
here so it kind of feels off where the
shoe itself is comfortable Puma
thank you guys that was a dope unboxing
I love the Jersey I guys i'ma go shower
i'ma go eat although seven of the tour
coming soon next month
five you was good Z no bro you ask me
ask me for youtubers be like well in my
next video coming up on my do titanal
harvey like okay not a dis though not
adjust though okay right great yeah of
course it's always love
alright guys what's going on we just got
to Hollywood right now I'm gonna fire
cake enough anyway we are out here what
up am I don't know that I think you just
call this atom solid no way surely God
we're out here Holly we were about to go
to a New Balance event and I got for the
first time in my life I'm wearing New
Balances like look at this all of a
sudden what often also don't always see
me in Hollywood I kind of stay away from
this area so much going on it's super
hectic but we out here for this private
New Balance dinner as I got New Balances
on parkis which you go to on fam yes a
neutral on the company that I got the
fans on because like usual industry vibe
oh my god guys Kenny is here
can you hear oh my god a long time where
we got cookies the day my diet started
back back tomorrow
this is how it starts tomorrow guys you
have a dinner and they come hand you
guys choose lid hello everybody welcome
to what's in the box so I got standoff
shut up to stand you know prep as if we
don't have enough but that's you
cleanest I'll further ado yeah nothing
your cutter oh all cut the box anyways
you file it would be fueled in privacy
what's in my bag first of all I know I
unboxed Pumas earlier today so I'm kind
of like jumping ships here but you know
I'm saying weekend sneakers out here
today so and come protect so whole bunch
you want this I'll take about this
dance-off is pretty good yeah so these
are the barbarous answer any nice
materials actually might have to do this
to my dad the white-haired friends and
family these are sick actually thanks
New Balance dope dinner appreciate it so
you might have another event Oh Q&A
networking the rest of the night
then networking
