Oh
Oh
you
a lot right now here we go
that's all the three-point champion
coming to LA Stephen Kahn defending my
title
five yeah the back is fired okey alright
guys so mad clock coming through with
that heat again for me
I saw him posted on Instagram and I
texted Mickey away right away and I said
is it my size and he said it is your
size I don't even think that's great I
didn't think and then you text him and I
was like oh it's your size yeah man
you guys might know about this alright
the bag yeah oh my god comes with this
she's gotta have it attached see to
throw that on forgotten the whole thing
might be it's risque on YouTube this is
pretty much a darker royal yeah it's
like a midnight midnight vibes it's
pretty far there's only 50 sample pairs
of sample fish yeah and the one of three
on the time is if you guys watch the
show the girl has three lovers so the
mars blackmon character is one of three
lovers that's the one oh three please
make sure you got watch data she's got
to have it leaving these all the release
and non formal sense well they did have
to pop up in New York and I'm not I
don't remember really familiar with how
many pairs they did there but um yeah I
mean besides 10 you know I only know of
one other pair and that's on flight club
yeah I can go look how much it is I'm
gonna promo on the inside are you guys
as you can see if I did that is mr.
Spike Lee right there on the back music
speaking sexy
obviously you know they always ask is it
shattered backboards and no it is not
this is kind of like what was what are
we compared to fragments like a fragment
quality right here as a promo sample not
quite um untreated leather like the the
oh geez even dropping along
after hours out here at matok park right
now and as you can see there's literally
nobody in here Miki's currently having a
meeting in the office and I'm just
chillin until he's gone so that we can
go play basketball I don't know if you
got a really good look at it oh my god
using the type of shoes that I want to
start getting man I want to start
getting rare sneakers I want to get
stuff that you don't see everyday stuff
that I could pull up the sneaker come in
and break next you know I'm saying even
though this isn't a flashy sneaker it's
not something that everybody knows in
the sneaker game so yeah that's why I
consigned 28 pairs here I'm not sure how
many of them sold but hopefully a lot of
them yeah if I do put shoes on
consignment it is here at Mack Park
quick update on la sneaker con the
roster will be coming out probably
within the next day and I talked to
spook again right now or estimated time
to announce the full tour I know I did a
quick update on this yesterday but maybe
you didn't watch yesterday's well full
cities and dates will be announced for
all of a sudden Pham the tour this
weekend if you didn't know we are going
on tour this this summer it starts in
August going throughout September and
October so the tour is going to start in
August that way I just said that the
first two weeks of the tour going to be
pretty hectic because they're going to
be a lot of back to back to back to back
to back shows I mean pop ups in
September because school starts for a
lot of people most of the pop ups will
be on weekends so you don't have to
worry about missing the pop up because
most of them will be on weekends
definitely going to give you giving you
guys as many updates as possible making
you guys feel as if you are actually
part of the tour as you guys know the
tour is sponsored by credit check and
we're going to be giving away tons of
cred protect and I'm excited to announce
right now that I'm doing a collab with
cred protect and the collab will be
available exclusively to the tour
because obviously the tour is sponsored
by credit X so we're doing a collab and
or I'm going to have my own crap protect
product that will be available only on
the tour so I'm really really excited
about that I got the call today that it
is looking great and I should be
receiving the product within the next
week or so and then I can show it to you
guys yeah that's huge exciting news for
me there's other collabs that will be
available on the tour
all I could say man this tour is going
to be life-changing this pore is going
to be an experience for every single one
of you guys in each city literally this
is for me to come and meet the people
who put me in the position that I am in
today to celebrate my 10 years on
YouTube anyway
I'm waiting for Mickey let's go see what
the hell they got sitting around here
Carhartt
M&M floors so praying for day is my side
the world's biggest bear brick only
costs $100,000 each a bunch of boobs
a few Jordans to see what they got in
the back does anybody remember the show
super market sweep you and welcome to
the all new in supermarket sweep and
then at the end of the show you get to
run through a whole grocery store and
just throw anything you want in your
cart and she finally gets what she wants
and over in the healthcare aisle summer
is a raging night will on top of her pas
de foie gras imagine being being able to
do that at a sneaker store in 60 seconds
on the clock you got a shopping cart and
you can grab anything you want what the
hell would you grab comment down below
that would be insane so Jordans don't
sell out anymore apparently huh remember
when I got scammed for these well I
didn't really get skinned but somebody
sent me a pair to promote their company
and they ended up being fake I just hit
my head but let's just say it boy got
that sneaker knowledge and I knew they
were fake it got me a lot of views on
that video too this is the real mag drop
all right here's the grand finale this
is a pretty mini motorcycle bike
whatever the hell it's called I was
thinking about buying it and rolling up
the speaker con like Undertaker in LA
now let's go play some basketball you
feel me I got two two three four five
six seven okay so we just got done
hooping asked Mickey your boy was lining
it up went undefeated today Mickey I'm
sorry have to give you so many elves you
know I'm saying I also stopped by the
grocery store and I got a whole bunch of
healthy foods from salads to like fruits
and carrots and all that good stuff it
is what it is I'm not here to convince
you guys that I'm going to do it but
starting tomorrow I'm going to be on a
very very strict it's not a diet but
very very strict on what I eat shout out
to the Rory it's been a minute since I
put it in the vlog anyway let's go to
the crib cause your boys tired alright
our guys back at the crib now and I'm
about to hit the showers and start the
editing for the night I have so much
work to do right now because I got to
finish up the tour Mert I'm going to be
making exclusive merch for the tour like
some crazy ass items wait I did talk
about the limited stuff so that's a gym
crew I love you guys we're two weeks
away from sneaker con la make sure you
buy your tickets I will link it down
below
and I'm out time to go shower unless
y'all want to join me with it yeah the
diet starts tomorrow
but
