last day in Texas we bout to hit up the
Galleria Mall before we get in here you
get kicked out for vlogging let's take a
look at yesterday because I went to WWE
great balls of fire so lit right now oh
yeah well we're inside now in this arena
it doesn't look like a stadium I feel
like I'm in a hotel lobby
look at the chairs we get to take home
guys Samoa Joe vers Brock Lesnar super
lid guys drop letters while here the
champ
yeah the wildest BAM I finish the
sentence if you ain't down for that I
got two words for you and you Oh suck it
suck at guys they have a Pizza Hut in
here this is so lit even though I'm not
a lord for free hahaha
baby we got the master Navy ship banner
up there let's just say the reason why
the brunt doesn't have one more ring
into balls feel Twitter there's no sort
of god G and a 405 stud and you can't
keep that from God the Rope are you
doing
I don't know where I lost that I put in
my backpack alright someone jacked me
bro what's wrong with my hair but I look
like freakin Gumby well I lost my Bose
headphones guys I got to buy new one
alright guys so finally here by the if
we can gate I'm about to hop on this
plane let's just say my hair is messed
up all over there we'll talk when we get
to the crib about LA so you could come
because you know understand I got to
call out some people people really think
I'm gonna lose my three-point title and
disrespect didn't in suit should just
keep shooting fam winners keep winning
I'll see you guys in LA alright guys we
are back in LA time to say bye to fire
cake spark a crossword oh that one
anyway back to the crib now I got to
unbox something so hit the intro you
feeling what's in the box and I just
sent me that song I don't know why
anyway guys I got two boxes to up up in
first boss crap protect but I think this
is actually something different oh this
is a crap protect a new era spray you
know that crept Patek makes the spray
for your sneakers well now they make the
carpet ex pay for your hat it protects
it from getting wet full ammo restock
two ammo oh I've seen a lot of other
people get this but I haven't been home
to unbox mine to alternate protection
for your head where Oh believe this is
the Detroit um Detroit war what is it
Detroit yes you so basically take the
spray and you put it in here and then
you got this you know the Hat you got
the D you know I'm really good at giving
to D I might have to put the D on my
head later wait miss power damn best
sick this is literally got a TV in here
fam what is this 2017 unboxings crap
protects put a damn TV in the box next
one alright this one right here I've
been waiting to get these for a very
very cool minute you know what I always
tell you guys man patience is key
patience because these came out like
maybe like a month ago month and a half
ago and I stayed patient with it you
know I'm saying I bought one of them it
came out in three colorways but I was
like you know what have to buy the one
that I want the most and the reason why
I wanted this one the most is because it
was similar to the colorway I had when I
was a little bitty little bitty pie
piece cute you know I'm saying but
Natalie a grown man hi peace Q you know
I'm saying what does it mean as I've
mentioned before I usually get a lot of
steals off this website so I'm gonna
plug them one more time chat to soul
steal soul steals sign up for that
membership I will link it below it is
one of the best and most convenient ways
to get steals on the internet for all
you people asking where do you buy your
shoes soul steals is one of the great
websites I use that was not a paid
advertisement that was me speaking from
the heart as I like their website
because you guys always absolutely buy
shoe sole steals is the way to go down
below
click the link buy shoes everyone's
happy Nike box bada-boom these are the
supreme up-tempo Nike collaborations
Nike with supreme obviously people call
these the sub tempos I have them in the
gold colorway as you saw me wear these
in the Chicago group's classic but now
I've got the black colorway and I don't
plan to get the red colorway and I know
I get a lot of BS for jumping on supreme
height lately it really isn't because of
height but has a lot to do with riding
my bike I guess because when I started
riding my bike I got two I always passed
by supreme the store and I see the
people camping out and I was and I
recently just got interested to why
people love supreme so much I started
watching a lot of all the old old videos
of complex interviewing people on the
streets when they were camped out for
supreme I watched a couple like videos
and documentaries about supreme and it
really interested me and I was saying
that I liked based more than supreme but
after I find out that the quality of
supreme is actually way better than the
clothing of babe I've really been into
the clothing of supreme and I kind of
like a lot of the stuff they do so that
might be hi beast of me but as you know
I embrace the word high piece but at the
end of the day it doesn't matter what
anybody thinks of me or what I like if I
like something whether I'm liking it 20
years after it started or two days after
it started I'm going to like it because
I like it and that's all I mean that
really matters now the ultimate test
right now is that I heard there was a
defect on these where some of the pairs
weren't 3m and some of them were 3m so
I'm going to check if my pair is 3m or
not all right so it looks like I do have
that version you probably can't see it
on here but this 3m is kind of oh no
actually it's way stronger on the gold
pair honestly crepper take all that crap
protect yeah I'm coming piece all right
guys so check this out man I'm right
here at my crib I just cleaned my living
room and I was watching this video that
Terrace but this is on swagger did his
channel swag spent a lot of the vlog
rearranging his room because you know
he's very picky and he likes to change
things up and I was like you know what I
love my apartment you know I'm saying I
honestly love my apartment I love this I
love my little setup right here with the
living
I keep that box of Yeezys right there so
I can remind you guys that we're going
to give those ten years away when we
reach a million subscribers I love this
wall right here I don't show you guys my
bedroom that much because it gets so
freakin messy oh you're not supposed to
see that my little office space gets so
freakin messy basically I'm trying to
think of where I can move my table
because I don't use that table I need to
switch things up so I think I'm going to
move my office around I'm going to test
it on keep it in this room for now you
know I'm saying I met this apartment for
about another eight months or so just
get it you got to be happy in your
living area I'm going to do some
cleaning and then when I'm done with
that I'm going to show you guys and then
after that we got a lot to talk about
because there's some things happening
the tour speaker con la we're going to
Hong Kong we go in Australia we go on
international we doing a lot of things
so my chicken we got I'm checking with
John a minute ready for this minute to
start all right guys we clean I like it
my hair is doing the Abraham Lincoln
want to give you guys a quick update on
what's going on with me the main the
most important thing going on right now
besides my skin that's hella itchy
sneaker con is coming to Los Angeles
this is going to be the biggest sneaker
con in Los Angeles the location for the
sneaker Cornell is actually 40 minutes
away from where I live it's in Anaheim
because Anaheim Convention Center is
like the best convention center in all
of Southern California in my opinion
that's where VidCon Zak we're going to
have sneaker con there we're going to
have the hoops classic we're going to be
playing the basketball game I'm probably
going to announce the roster within the
next few days it's going to be very very
competitive very very intense for my
merge drops I'm doing a t-shirt I'm
doing a hat I'm doing a denim jacket the
first ever dream crew denim jacket and
then I'm also doing the collab with Tony
and bull the sample times dream crew
collab where we're going to be releasing
a pair of shorts a Jersey and a t-shirt
I believe so that's going to be super
dope we're actually going to be probably
posting pictures for that this week as
well so yeah so sneaker con erre july
22nd and 23rd if you're in the area make
sure you come out other than that as you
guys know we have been planning this
tour and the tour starts in all
so far like the only update I've given
you guys was an update that I wasn't
supposed to give you but I was like you
know what screw it I'm just going to
tell you guys one of the stops on the
tour is going to be Houston me and
Farooq are literally planning and
booking everything for the tour the tour
is sponsored by krempe tech of course
without them this tour would not be
possible I'll tell you guys that but as
far as like managing the whole tour we
are doing it ourselves within the next
few days we'll be able to announce the
full schedule and locations right now
the main thing with us is finding the
location for each city that we're
planning to go to we have all the cities
that we want to go to unfortunately like
one or two of the cities are kind of
hard to get locations for that's a dream
crew that was a mini little update on
what's going on with me I don't want to
talk too long my freaking shoulders are
peeling from my frickin mini vacation
and Huntington Beach okay I'm talking
too much I'm going to sleep dream proof
I'm on air cut our four cringy guys
you
