Paul can - good morning guys it is
currently Saturday July
what is it July 8 we're here at sneaker
caught about to pull up and you know go
set up get everything ready and before
we get into sneaker con let's just look
at this custom one-on-one jacket to
filming shout out to chalk line for the
custom one of one jacket eyepiece on the
side if you liked it comment down below
maybe we will release them but as of now
this is just the one custom my man what
good would you guys say Sanofi hi heavy
follow my men on instagram thank you
thank you yeah we bout to go set up to
the booth right now all the youtubers
are gone oh right ladies and gentlemen
the weekend is in the building
beep on Frankie shout out to my friend
mark for coming here to my boy Oscar and
my brother Gabriel come here today this
is him yeah that's not that something
sorry guys it's currently 11:26 a.m.
little over 30 minutes until sneaker con
Dallas start ambasa
actually start uploading my blog for the
day because I wasn't able to do it at my
hotel
another one in the books man so blessed
Thank You sneaky Kong for having me
thanking you guys for coming out and
then obviously after this is Los Angeles
in two weeks so let's just say we've
taken another W at the hoops classic and
I'm claiming my three point championship
again you feel me
you know shadow laws Rafi and Princeton
and Ibrahim Ibrahim for soccer
how's it feel to be left off bad in
booty good liar Babu he says do a little
I love Bobby you think you will look
like oh let Oh Babu I gotta come
yesterday
good good Rose you know good you like it
shut it nothing much chillin awesomer
blog you'll shut already you'll know
what if I wouldn't be here bro as it
should be that's all very busy so I look
like I'm left off about in bougie which
is it
do I look like I got left off daughter
Pooja
oh my god my brother's here I borrow
your chain for the Dhamma which one you
want you can't write it a real one hey
you do I got it you know hey guys we got
took a picture today man we did Richard
I'm beating him up y'all see our blog
because they get what you got all today
okay you know head more comfy comfy you
know I'm saying but Jackie do it check
it out Oh 101 take 101
yes you got to be on the top and then LA
on the bottom yo that's super Brian got
a lot wait what's not is this this is a
large bro I wear medium is I got shop
I'm gonna get them to make another one
for you we compute I will put your name
right here
don't make me vlog you saying that now I
got you I'll get proof lasagna yo pass
you a question was a as I said to be
left off bad and boozy make sure let's
all bad move yeah what's it give me left
over batter Boog yes I left off a double
egg Amanda motion
Booya how do you have all been losing
its it ILO by cutting a level for bad
and boosts your wicket Paul Walker
dinner over there
this one 19 2018 vlogging you know like
a holiday well show a steady when you
get kicked out of them all ladies and
gentlemen cut protects newest employee
you know looking at that YouTube money
don't come in yeah not at all alright
guys so the doors just open everybody
positive right now through front as
always you are at the crupper tech booth
we got the cup protect bags we got the
cupcake product we got the dream KU
pepper and egg backdrop we got all
Marcel in the merch let's get this thing
started all of a sudden
our guy sitting on a foot break right
now taking a seat the merchants like
barely any left man shoutouts all my
dream crew found now here in Dallas
topping all the merch we've got a kid
with the police
people been here me all day anyone there
game is creepy adored again are you
going to go do a comment you had a film
on you yeah you hit me back you get hard
you know I guess is that's it we got
SWAT teams out here hey guys hey Ron
oh where are rich girl from the building
I will go down every single comic got
this blue tradition that we started we
got to get like all the speaker YouTube
a long space for a nice little selfie
with all you guys who vote who's where
you agents places everybody three might
be back on tour but looks like
going to Houston to meet us in Houston
is all right generally did not type all
of a sudden long advocated for several
hours on bro hey was over so alright
guys so we just finished the line we cut
it off
so we just finished the lottery right
guys let me tell everybody you know
what's going on tomorrow the dark side
right now no game no game oh you already
know bro I like to push okay guys so
here's what's going on right now we just
finished the line we sold out of merch
now I'm walking around with all these
guys and we're just checking what Dallas
has to offer you know I got to see if
I'm gonna get any pickup I'm gonna try
to control myself on the sneaker and
like I see some base stuff right here we
might hold it out I ll underscore or oh
I love those are dope dude oh I don't
have it in my blog in a minute it's been
a while ever since he was on the eBay
commercial he's all big-time
this camera's way too small for me dude
I'm just kidding to call out to my man
you gave me thicker because yeah I'll
take stickers all day Sam cabbage and
Diego hey we caught man oh okay go go
back to sleep you gain from the supreme
though yeah the supreme baklava go the
whole collection from 2009 to 2016 this
is the right one see this is pretty much
apparently yeah I like this one too
yeah and this one Brazil yellow better
find some Excel fam Excel
oh yeah you're my boy - I'm Jackie
Austin on tour last year egg rock rock
mafia yeah alright guys so I did not end
up buying anything at all I controlled
myself
nikka Collin is wrapping up right now
probably like 10 minutes left until the
doors are done and closed but it was a
really great event shout out to Dallas
sold out all the merch oh I did buy
these these little baby boys so let's
open these up
no way you bought oh yeah - 40 bucks yes
damn no you didn't just get something in
here I did not get scammed this is a
first 7 sneaker con edition of what's in
the box and bag what's in the box
we got ourselves our live audience of 10
people no you got twisted cheer now
thank you thank you got the good one
yeah this is a regular camo behind like
a makeup artist do there you go
no back um people keep saying back um
Novak your and today we've got the
orange one so these are my two new
friends these are going into my kitchen
I have two these guys what should we
name these guys Tucker Tucker
taqueria Tucker Smith whiskey Texas come
through as the cop was cool okay so this
is what happened guys when our first our
line started coming up you guys told the
drone footage obviously somebody
security came up to me and said yo you
got to put it down so I'm like okay I'm
gonna put it down I wasn't going to
fight it other guy I'm gonna put it down
so I bring it back to me though I'm
still getting my shot then as I'm
lowering it another guy comes up to me
as I put it down I'm like sir you see it
coming down like I can't land it hella
quick you know I'm saying and he kept
being a dick to me as I put it down now
and I looked at him and I just mug the
crap out of him and then he said give me
the drone and I was like I'm not going
to give you my drone he said that drone
needs to be out of this building and I'm
like sir I'm not going to take my drone
out of the building I'm like I'm not
going to fly it again I have this line
I'm going to be busy all day and the
freakin he apparently he was the fire
marshal all that business I'm coming to
the loading the fire marshal was like I
need the drone out of this building I'm
like look I'll take the battery out you
can have the battery I'm not giving you
my drone and he's like you know what
it's either you leave or the drone leave
and I'm like I'm not going to give my
frickin drone the sneaker contine talk
to them
finally the freaking real cop came out
to me and he's nice he's like look man
we just want to put the drone into
office and that's it I was like all
right you know what I'm not going to get
kicked out of this venue it was a secret
cops fault obviously it was just the
convention senators fault either believe
yourself or give us the journal so the
guard I'm gonna give him the drone and
now I'm getting my drone back now but
that fire marshal was a freaking dick to
him wherever the hell he is he had
nothing better to do to try to Punk me
but I shouldn't have mugged them that
was my fault but
it is what it is you know I'm Sandrine
cuvee for them drones anywhere we want
you know we are here comes from the
Dallas beautiful and yes we just Texas
all of Texas has some of the best
scenery on the world they're the best
guy wash by far that one of the New York
has fast cloud and talented just has an
open clear sky yeah because like every
time we've come is just like like it's
like the length those roads are open
everything is open you know I'm saying
there's no mountains like California
there's no buildings like New York LA LA
the ludus yeah I don't be a most
polluted city in the world right or in
the United States at least donate your
kids in Nelly got two polluted Widow
Margo I guess but we're going to go eat
now we got reservations to go eat
somewhere I have no idea where but we're
going to go eat somewhere almost back
there chillin sneak economist I can't
get over it man Dallas showed so much
love I appreciate you guys and everybody
was telling me please come to Dallas on
your tour please come to Dallas on your
tour the tour starts next month and
that's the reason why Dallas will not be
on the tour just because we just did it
so I'm going to be going to places which
I I haven't gone in a while the closest
place to data dollars which I can
announce that we are coming to James
Harden might have signed a two million
dollar contract with your boy is pulling
up to H tab
welcome James Harden I'm getting tired
of these dish
