Dallas we are here finally we need to go
to the convention center first things
first we need to go set up so let's go
to the convention center alright guys so
as you can see we are here at the Dallas
curving Convention Center because this
is where sneaker con is tomorrow we see
the sneaker combo you see my backdrop
right there with the crowd protect booth
you already know what it is we're about
to be so lit this is what you call the
calm before the storm let's take a look
back at how crazy sneaker Kondylis was
last year as part of our friends and
family tour it's just supposed to be lit
again but they go back to the hotel
because I still I keep getting updates
from my apartment complex there still is
no power in my account in my apartment
back in LA that's why I posted a vlog so
late yesterday my laptop's dead so it's
charging at the hotel right now we'll go
back finish editing and post the video
now it's time to leave here because you
know we're not going to camp here
alright peace earnings they never been a
little good Atlanta boys in here we're
going to go grub right now we're
actually going to go grub you let's get
there first and I'll tell you guys we're
going to go grub right fire cake is not
non-existent so Howard is a people
probably should it matter so much so
kinda nickname in space
oh hi guys 30 minute rides going to be
super late put in that when you don't
have interesting vlog content thank you
so this might look like an average gas
station here out in Texas but we are
actually going to Tucker's nocturia
if you guys remember last year we came
here because one of the homies came to
sneaker car and he invited us to come
eat at his restaurant he's literally I
think he's 15 or 16 years old and he
runs this restaurant that's what you
call a hustler guys a hustler an
entrepreneur a future millionaire we're
gonna go in here and he's gonna give us
some of that good good food you feel me
we back a little ready go in his bro my
man bro we're back baby possession I
didn't have the homies number so what I
did is we looked it up we watched the
old vlog from last year and then we
remembered the name of the business and
that I called him about yo and he's like
oh my god and I'm like yo we're pulling
up we got to eat here again got my
quesadilla about to have some wings
we're going in diet starts tomorrow I'm
inside starts today though solemn voice
oh comments on the same ranch is not
feeling the transfer now all right guys
so we are back in the room right now and
it's actually what what time is it
12:54 are you x wrong 303 3 a.m. almost
tomorrow a sneaker combo we out here
grind in during the night time a lot of
my youtube friends are here so a few of
them who are up late after the mango
juice by the way I hit them up and I
said hey let me do this rapid-fire
sneaker challenge with you so we're
going to see what they got to say
basically what I'm going to do is I'm
going to say a word and they have to
give me the first thing that pops in
their head they don't know what I'm
going to say but let's just see what
some of the responses are shout out to
all my homies I'm a link them all down
below and on top of that the reason why
I'm doing this is because I really have
no baggage for the day so I was like
what can I do
that's like different it hasn't been
done if you guys did enjoy it I will
definitely do it again with more of the
guys maybe tomorrow or something like
that or next sneaker called I don't know
but yeah check it out enjoy this first
and dynasty your name's John galitsky
John Galicia would he reside
I live in Omaha Christian ladies off of
Virginia Darla
where'd he come from Nair city played
looking to hire do babies
my name is Ahmet Malou TK fire kicks
when you come home a couple also get a
California to town rep and your boy'll a
compressed you guys say the first word
that comes to your mind as quick as
possible your ID here I'm good let's do
it already
Jordan okay struck again Jordan is
that's hard right Jordan one Jordan debt
Jordans craps with Georgian jump man
adidas cars and even ultra boost and
Edith I
Jesus fire Adina's Jeezy pencil mark
High Priestess Omar whack become one so
I try some the best right so more hi
this is easy go easy go easy kappa b ah
 first easy like landed
diamond trouble I see me Heidi me I just
 I did tight tight rope laws of all
the Popoff Bob Lobel like long ah
triple B's mother walk around the ball
cash the free cyclinder
spring recess Supreme Team could breathe
like supreme that's big fake
make recess baby
baby blamin dirty look much Wigner the
claw lately the ah Claude
are you gonna huh but then the fuzz like
wind a fire like Linda couldn't me me me
got a do it for you put big like lending
this me I don't know it could be
ray-ray alright guys so that was that
hope you guys enjoyed it let me know
what you guys think comment down below I
know this vlog was kind of shitty but it
is day one here in Dallas and tomorrow
is New York on so we got to wake up
early get ready for sneaker Con and I'm
going to take you guys with me so make
sure you guys tune it for tomorrow's
vlog I know this vlog wasn't crazy like
I said we were at the hotel most of the
day you know just settling in chopping
it up with other YouTube guys and having
a good time
dream crew hit that thumbs up subscribe
if you're new to the crew we've given
away 10 pairs of Yeezys when we hit that
million subscriber mark and we're going
to hit it soon also tomorrow in the vlog
I mean this this coming weekend and this
coming week we will be making more major
announcements for the tour as far as
what cities and locations of the cities
or the meetups for the tour this summer
presented by crept attack all that good
stuff I'm out of here good night dream
KU family Dallas I see you in the
morning
