go
Oh baby you shout out to Farouk for
sending me my camera if you didn't know
I left my camera in his car when I was
in the Bay Area right in time because
tomorrow morning I'll leave to Dallas
for sneaker con so I needed my camera or
else I would have to go buy a new one so
Farook I owe you a million tags so
everybody go follow him on Instagram
right now
I judge by the following the last law
back in LA and when I came home I came
home to a ton of packages hit that intro
what's in the box
actually the lining is really bad so
we're going to do a different angle
today my power's out so I can't use my
lighting but you'll hear more about that
later these two right here first these
were sent to me by private label they
are a bad company they make like perfect
bags for sneakers or I haven't series
yet
when they drop wow I love this little
thing right here because like you can
put like maybe a perfect idea CREP white
when you're traveling you got to keep
your sneakers clean so you got to put
some crap wipes in there oh yes
remove before flight both sick backpacks
for sneakers so I'm really happy they
sent me these I got this big package
right here from Under Armour oh that's
my name right there hey guys enjoy some
of the latest and greatest products from
the Under Armour including basketballs
new issue the drive for let us know what
you think unleash chaos team you a stay
tuned for the curry for these are
basketball shoes not bad this kind of
looks like a modified version of the
curry 3 yeah it definitely looks like a
modified version of the curry 3 this
actually let's go I haven't played in
anything else from Under Armour than a
curry but these actually look pretty
dope honestly Under Armour boxer it
looks like we got ourselves a very
simple white pocket tee white pocket tee
lit perfect for the summertime dance
right here these are actually pretty
disliked dress pants but these are
definitely way more casual very very
dope hoodie right here bro when you try
uas stuff you know that it's quality it
is freaking amazing quality
thank you Under Armour thank you private
label so yeah that's my stuff I guess
back to you guys enjoy alright guys so I
just finished up a little mini lunch
date with the one in
only instead of relations with video
giving heights a couple pairs of our
newest sandals relief and unreleased
heading it shows here let's don't know
alright for this one these are all
unreleased except this one right yes
stay tuned on summer boys ID to figure
out the date this one's the mint
colorways and yeah this is not a
collaboration this is our own in-house
brand I don't know if I should do this
one yet yeah I almost think that ones
like me and do a full effects over here
now I'm very crazy
for people with a video just show you
that yeah ok cool
daily paper these are actually our
friends from Amsterdam we met them last
year in Indonesia anywhere they walk
around on the streets and just people
have decked out with daily papers that
pattern you're seeing right there it's
basically the same print they have on
the floor of their store appreciated
friend Hill fell again guys on the show
you gave this one
so i'ma head over to the Mac Park Papa
apparently there's some homies from the
crew that want to say hi so I gotta go
so I gotta show love to the people that
show love to me you don't say I see you
on a snapchat you were by the lovely
here we go saying cutouts all my
sidekicks whoa alright guys that was
your trip
all right for some reason my power is
out I don't understand because my
hallway outside my apartment the lights
are on but for some reason the power in
my apartment is off as promised Fran
gave me these right here I'm the first
person to have these outside of the
actual standard oh it's the BBC collab
with sandal boys I know this means a lot
to Fran because he's a huge BBC fan
billionaire boys club on the inside with
that infamous print I love the
presentation it's like a full experience
when you're opening up your sandals from
sandal boys you get the dope box and oh
boy design with the BBC astronaut in the
inside of the logo man these are
freaking oh okay so it's got that print
all through the strap of the sandal and
this is like good quality like I don't
know how they did this but it's like
it's really really on there like it's
textured but you can feel that BBC
sandals these will be taken into Dallas
with me so these will be packed up in my
not packed up in my bag i'ma wear these
on the airplane it's not sure when these
come out but yeah these are definitely
going to sell out super quick because
these are the same so check this out
we're actually headed to mag park right
now in Burbank I'm with the one the only
your girl's favorite man then we ought
to Dallas tomorrow you ready to go 9:00
a.m. it's going to be a movie last time
we were in Dallas I should say no
friends this family
just hectic tour anyway we're headed to
Mac Park we're actually going to be
filming a scare I know I did the sneaker
youtubers be like skit and you guys
loved it so I want to do more skits for
you guys so we're going to be filming
another skit I'm also selling a whole
bunch of shoes so I got a whole bunch of
stuff back there
I just want to get rid of a whole bunch
of general releases that I have and I'm
saving up to buy something really really
crazy yeah
pretty late but anyway we'll see you at
mag part
okay
and has open now alright guys so we're
going through the choose a shout out to
make you first of all working that over
time for us now doors closed part Casey
goes favorite learning to resell in ways
of course always learning these are one
of the shoes that I'm putting on
consignment as well as surprisingly how
much we let these four six sixty or 600
perfect 650 for the registrar gdb to
call Georgia's diesels are risking it
for 350 350 Jews I know I just bought
these at the last nigger con I gotta get
rid of all I just not gonna wear them
that much 150 bucks 120 bucks
those actually make these 180 bucks as
the 120 on the solut 200 guys I brought
27 pairs to sell at mag that's crazy I
thought I only had like 15 or something
if you guys want to come get some of it
is in the system now right so this is
some now so you guys can come tomorrow
and pick up some of the stuff there's
some really good steals on there and now
it is time so ladies and gentlemen I
present to you supreme high beast be
like then I need some supreme supreme
supreme supreme I need I need oh oh my
god I've been looking for this one
what's the guy's name
um um Prince Prince I'm coughing this AC
excuse me sir alright so we only have a
slight small left in the LV supreme
collage so straight yeah fresh wall say
small you gotta work the work I'll tell
ya it's 4 grand
yeah it is okay I'll bring it up yeah
can you get my water ball for me is that
a supreme water bottle no smart water so
why did I even touch it it's a free
moment
I camped out for four days and I got the
bucket hat you know I'm saying got to
come up you know who's this fool
what do you mean cuz it's a pony over
your court already see what it is what's
y'all set it ain't your pants booth take
that bleep out of your brother's paprika
pretty color
alright you got me right yeah I got to
know all right real quick call you put
the tag in key all right you got high
agro and this is fine iron cook you got
it yeah I got I got a buyer so I gotta
get this off
he helped night April 9th April Oh be
careful if death it off it's that fact
it let it in once I got it
using you by now right
yeah okay the speakership um let me see
okay that will be twenty five hundred
dollars twenty-five hundred to a supreme
boss you know I'm saying hey me my
patent it in your alright guys so that
was the skit hope you guys enjoyed it we
took the funniest picture and I'm going
to post it on Instagram today if you
guys want to go like it follow me on
instagram you already know what it is
we're going to head out now because I
need to go home and pack because we
leave to Dallas in the a.m. yeah I feel
like
