come back in LA maybe
my uber just pulled up hey wonder when
I'm vlogging with this yeah oh hi are
you also a wizard lock ever deep
I left my freakin Cameron for weeks
Clark no way yeah friendship it yeah I'm
going to overnight it to me tomorrow but
let's just say youtubers worst nightmare
let me tell you guys the reason why I
still wanted to vlog today it's not
about having the equipment equipment and
quality adds to making adult video but
there is no excuses when it comes to
like creating content you can do with
the phone you can do with the web camera
you know at the end of the day you know
just make dope stuff and you know you
started your YouTube channel with your
iPhone with an iPhone for like the
perfect twenty thirty videos with an
iPhone nice the ball with my iPhone yeah
I don't use I only use the iPhone like
what I really need to but it's super
unstable which on a polish Apple would
fix now anyway we're going to go eat at
UCLA right now because you've all got to
get that gooshie saying gucci boy pull
up and then yeah man Tony played pretty
late eight o'clock but let's go alright
so I converted to my g7 X which is not
that bad actually but obviously it's not
as good as my old camera but today is
the next day after I was with Achmed all
day yesterday and I'm going to Matt
Clark right now because I got to pick up
a few things
intense healthy you know I missed out on
that retail King I wasn't even in that
late for it so I'm buying one come on
homie who hit me up on Twitter and he's
hooking me up for great prices
so I told us meet me at Mac Park my
man's out here from the sick their kick
I'm not used to the camera being this
close to my face
I don't like this hey Dalton wool hello
ed Tyler it's all politics whatever it's
not like I kissed my sister smash game
the only thing these aren't the glasses
i was expect-- me fuels not excited
here yeah this is I've never owned them
look hey I never on to Louisville but
I'm like the leader way more thicker
than that oh well the patís are staying
too
I mean it's dope not like crazy LV good
quality but it will go foggy because we
want to do the items that I wanted the
most was the red backpack but now I
don't want the red backpack so much I
kind of want the black one just for this
I think it's more wearable more subtle
water yeah
have a good day man
we're coming home so my man just pulled
up with all that good what's up man
shushing I got bench holding Melvin yeah
self because yeah you want to go home
your ID or anything humor and rookie on
all social media just start at YouTube
give me the first video telling and the
whole experience of mine $12,000 of LV
the the interesting block was that so
bad
nine point three shoulder 49.3 Gunners
oh my god yeah I want this one more than
the red one to be honest I'm more than
all right
yeah because the red ones too loud I
know I felt like like Gucci in the
animals I picked up a hoodie the shirt
and the bandana off limit just follow my
youtube first videos many up 24 hours
will link it down below anyone the
Obama's all the way from Minnesota the
gang game Jimmy Butler game huh welcome
to Minnesota soon right oh yeah alright
guys so I'm headed out to my little
vacation right now I'm really really
really really really excited for this
man they're going to be handling a whole
bunch of like text to handle the tour
and all that hopefully by this weekend
we can announce everything to you guys
as far as location and city or just
confirming with certain sneaker shops
and all this stuff as far as like what
we're going to be selling there's going
to be a lot of crazy stuff like
exclusive collabs other than that
as you guys may know doubtless deep upon
is this weekend I'm looking to show you
guys the virtue for that very very soon
probably today or tomorrow I will see
you guys at the resort
alright guys so we just got to our
private resort not very private but it's
very very beautiful man we out here look
at this five oh my god
but anyway these are be your size
they're not my size you can have one you
have to pick which box you want you
can't see what's in the box until you
open it you can't lift them up either
you can't pick it up you just got to
look and you got to choose okay you'll
just pick one I'm smiling I don't know
let's see what it is no oh hey why would
you pay so much for this I didn't pay
that much I didn't pay what you think I
paid all the quality is not as good as
it should be but it's pretty cool it's a
medium you wanna see was in the other
box what's in the box
no I want you to want the box we'll go
like that do a manufactory climate yeah
you all yen was oh my gosh you're just
sleeping okay thank you thinking or
something so as you guys can see it's
got like your regular box logo hoodie
stitched in there screen printed for the
rest of the design like nice little
metal metal pockets right here you say
well you Sam I can't see from your LV I
like how it has it on the inside and the
outside that's a good detail guy so this
whole day I am went to the pool and we
are but doesn't look as bad look at your
arms the keys are
Emre your arms are so pink guys we got
so bad we use sunblock in like anyway
tanning oil but look you can see we
became a nice little turkey dinner so
this is the resort right here Huntington
Beach this is where like the pool is the
beach what the beach is like over there
and it's way to pack probably going to
go catch the fireworks later if there's
any over here but look exhausted from
all the swimming and tanning today or
burning burning yeah burning today
hopefully these massages don't hurt her
that was so good oh my god I'm so
relaxed so relaxed let's just say happy
ending
oh that's a good video reading your
comment we can do that while we wait for
our uber access like 14 guys gonna get a
selfie that you have LVN supreme items
JK chatter sigh sighs next time I don't
have any other Fibby unfortunately a
palace fire miss Kay spies me sister I'm
happy
boys and girls Mina is the official miss
KY p @ KY so mark stop liking my girl at
Messina pictures that's made on site
hi-c
well you admit you're a high bay
I hate height bay is so stupid yes type
B where papi QA gets príncipe midi yes
call me for leg pain start at 10
I feel like I'm just vlogging cousin it
you just wear what I scare of you
ha her death dragger will my shorts is
cut off bro oh my
I want to say that snicker caught Dallas
is this weekend don't forget Dallas New
York on this weekend it's going to be
freaking crazy it's going to be lit I'm
so excited we haven't been to Dallas in
over a year last year when we came it
was part of the know friends family tour
and you guys showed so much love so I'm
excited to come back to Dallas again and
then a few weekends after that is July
22nd and 23rd in Los Angeles for the
first time ever bringing the hoops
classic to Los Angeles and for the first
time ever this is sneaker con in its
full glory in Los Angeles and what I
mean by that is every year sneak wakhan
has always partnered with B et to bring
you guys sneaker con at the beach
experience moving on that Lane should
know more this time is going to be
sneaker con in itself with the hoops
classic with a lot of your favorite
youtubers it's going to be freaking
crazy man the people that are in the
roster for the hoops classic game or
it's like literally the best game it's
going to be the most competitive game in
my opinion and on top of that your boy
is going to be the oddest things I'm so
burned I'm going to be defending my
3-point championship in the sneaker con
hoops classic in Los Angeles at Lakes
New York on Anaheim Convention Center
make sure you guys buy your tickets I
will link the link down below if you
guys want to buy your tickets yeah man
more announcements on the tour coming
soon because I told you guys about like
literally Farooq as you sent me all the
way this is the Dallas shirt safe it
alright I'm out here peace dream crew
all the sudden five hit that tons of you
know what the drill is
