I'm on a mini vacation out here in South
Tower
but today I want to bring you guys
something different so man I shouldn't
be showing you guys episode 1 of the new
podcasts that we have been working on
which is Cree talk that's hosted by
Harrison Abdullah and we filmed episode
1 a few days ago back home in the bay as
you guys may have seen in the bar the
episode won't be regularly uploaded here
but this is me being interviewed and
it's episode 1 I want to kind of show
you guys the full interview and show you
guys what you can expect if you follow
the social media and you start paying
attention to the series that will start
in a few weeks make sure you guys check
it out I will link to Instagram and
Twitter and all the information for crew
talk down below this is episode 1 we
talked about a few juicy topics happy
4th of July
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with the
vlog an actual vlog episode so peace
alright let's go one more life all right
so would you look at the camera on this
one yeah I think so
alright sorry here we go this is the
first episode of crew talk we have our
main guest over here mister thanks Omar
I'm your host Harris and I'm doing my
other host drill over here so yeah so
we're going to get right into it
welcome to throw back through our first
chance I feel feels good first of all
welcome to the bay oh yeah I'm really
just got off the plane right now you
know had to come support the new
movement of crew talk and get on this
show so appreciate that handling and get
my check in I'm out of yeah it's been a
long ten years both we definitely have a
lot to go over too late oh I'm
definitely excited for that
first problem us we want to go back ten
years so for us we want to kind of dig
and dig into your brain and kind of see
what your your views were ten years ago
when you first started you know QoP and
kind of see how it's been developing
over the last ten years so if you want
to kind of give us some insight on that
well I started cute it's weird that you
call it QP because nobody that's what I
remember it I would because I remember
the Opie is Kai so more productions and
that's just what I used to put at the
beginning of all my video
and it was before you two I'd make
videos and we just show my family and
parties and showed the friends and make
little music videos and then one day
somebody told me like checkout you we
have actually put them on myspace first
so it was myspace Harris notes but on
myspace first and nobody into YouTube
and then well hold on with Harris on
your topic yeah free answer yeah he's on
copy oh my really cool so yeah so we did
that and then YouTube came and at first
I was like anti YouTube because I was so
into my myspace like I thought my
profile was a shit so I never uploaded
anything to YouTube and then finally I
was like I let me do you too because you
get paid on there so there are I mean to
eat here and then it was it was slow at
first but I mean I reached a lot of the
Afghan community because all my content
was made towards Afghans in Middle
Eastern so for the first five six years
it was mainly just like Afghan skits and
middle Acamas kids and I think I got as
far as I could with that audience and it
just got to a point where it couldn't
grow what was it what was the deciding
factor where you're like are let me make
it a little more mainstream um it was
still like it didn't switch right away
and it exploded it still took like four
years after that where I was making like
regular pranks and stuff like that so I
was I was always testing out the market
like I told I've always been on YouTube
trends and seeing what's working for
other people I always watch other people
so like pranks were at an all-time high
so I did like pranks but then I would
also do like certain skits then this
gift is what I have the most fun with
but then if you're trying to make a
living off youtube you've got to do what
people want to watch and also I like I
had pranks that did really good but it
didn't bring in subscribers and just
people watch the video and then they
keep moving you know they got to fall in
love with the personality but then what
really showed them the personality is
daily vlogging
so the daily vlogging kind of built
audience a little bit
- and it got the loyal crowd and then
two years ago we threw in sneakers and
it skyrocketed and we found I found what
was my thing on YouTube so and so it's
ever-changing innocence yeah
so you always got to be on top of it I'm
still trying to figure out what's next
yeah
what was it was your favorite video
before you got into sneakers on your
all-time favorite video all-time
favorite video has to be I like most of
my videos because the behind the scenes
of like the process of making it I love
your daughter yeah those ones anytime
all the guys are together it was funny
like I want to say my favorite one was
like the one that hit a million first
which is like there's only bacon
payphone parody I think oh yeah Muslim
bacon Priesthood my favorite is probably
a began short at third one just because
it's all over the place down it was all
hair is a big old Harriet said it was so
funny
the best thing was like we didn't have a
script yeah ever had a script we just
showed up eight nine ten guys and like
alright we have one main idea so it's
like I love your Afghan daughter was
like our there's a happy guy could come
in he's always a guy coming to see if
he's in a Marion have you ever had to
meet - have you gotten thousand yeah it
was that it was all just we had improv
your whole house everything like to use
the pool area I'll never forget when so
I came downstairs
and I was like what there that's like a
UH like a light of passage like you have
to be a girl in QoP oh yeah and I think
that day everyone says mine was mine was
a music videos over me I thank you and
I'm like all Ramazan yeah yeah everybody
has to go to that I don't think I did it
to it so I did it - suck it looks like
is London does oh my god she got slain
by his family for doesn't it uh we want
you know like a strict at me okay
there would I have known I'd answer that
at all sometimes I would take a step
back a little bit from whatever ability
earlier back to like the demographic
when you first started back in host
seven when we uploaded that first video
when you said you hit that happy in
community or making a begin video
socially VHS is that you showed us for
your family and stuff uploading that
first Afghan video Afghan fire for the
dinner bill what were you thinking like
we're just going to hit Fremont
basically and then explain how you know
Germany was hitting you up Amsterdam
these fans out there so how did that
feel that your video reached all the way
out there
and second part for that question where
those like how far these videos have
gone like how far it's taking you and
then where it's going to take you in the
future yeah well I I wanted to upload it
because when I uploaded them on myspace
people from my school started to notice
me and I was a nerd in high school so I
was like okay like I'll get popular so
this one girl yeah WWE sure no I didn't
wear those in high school it was really
junior elementary okay but anyway well I
were about to but well yeah yeah I would
upload them on YouTube hoping for like
people to like recognize me in school
and they started to recognize me my
senior year and I turned it kind of like
was like oh I'm gonna get popular like
me will know me girls all that they're
like you know and then I don't know I
just it got to the point where like a
few years after we did our first event
in Toronto and it was unbelievable that
unbelievable to me that somebody would
want to pay for our flights and hotel we
didn't ask for money we just said cover
our trips and they did it and we're like
all shocked oh cool yeah and then like
yeah I have family in Germany who
watches it so I would go and they
already know like they like reenact my
my skins to me and like oh this is so
awkward yeah or they want to watch it at
a family's party so it's crazy how they
like I'm gonna never ask you to like
reenact skip
oh yeah they all the time like hey do
this and I'm like so I forget like I
forget half the time like oh that was
like what what are you doing like yeah
well I don't know it's just crazy it's
still unbelievable to me when people
wanna reach out you know and bring me
places and stuff like that but you know
and how many people were in that first
audience back in Toronto
um maybe a hundred but it was it was
that was good like you would imagine it
was a quality of Rwanda but we've done
other shows where there was like three
people in the audience needed a la show
where there's three people in the
audience and I was so crapped out but
two years after that we became that
helped out really here yes yeah
redemption was beautiful and regain
scene so I know as you're going through
the transitions there was a lot of
adversity faced can you tell us
something that still you know comes in
your mind where you're like oh shit this
was like this was a big deal that's kind
of end of QoP or you know kind somewhere
so you know something that stands out
that it could have ended it all or or
went on I don't think there was really
anything that could have ended it all
I've never been in like anything like
I've never really came up shit out of
youtubers that does like spunk like that
real arrest in risky it's just like
making content in for millions and
Afghans it's always been like touchy
because like religious and like oh you
can't do this you can't do that like
although we shouldn't be doing this you
shouldn't be making fun of that so the
comments it's like but that shifts over
now to the sneaker culture it's people
saying the same anything exists like
it's no matter what you do or what
you're going to there's always going to
be people who think that they're right
in I think facts are their opinions are
facts when they're not and it's just
that's it pretty much it's always just
in the comment section but it's never
been something to like where I've made
headlines I've been talked about
I don't do publicity stunts yeah I will
I want you to name-drop now give me a
give me one time where someone said
something to you where you're like damn
this dude's such a hater and that as
fuels your fire there has to be somebody
down the line um in person no not really
whether it's in person online or someone
you just held high in and steam that was
like hey guys don't do that what was it
I think well there was I don't think I
really have one of those the only thing
everybody's been supportive bill yeah
everybody's been supportive like a
around me - the trolls yeah - the trolls
I call it I guess a like comment I like
that like the worst thing that's
happened is like I was riding my bike
recently and some guys like all bikes
are for pussies and then they drove off
you know like nobody's gonna do anything
in real life you could come in real life
exactly relaxing right like nobody's
gonna do anything a real life and even
if they try to I'm not type to fight so
I won't do Indian spit all right like
what yeah you see in vlogs where he try
to wrestle me and stuff let's let's
transition a little bit into the sneaker
world you're you're blowing up now and
in the sneaker cons and you've done a
lot of them tell us how you got into
sneaker cons and what your goals are for
I guess so the sneaker world that you're
in right now um basically steak york on
is like the Super Bowl of sneaker
conventions and the fridge I'll take it
back two years ago when it first the
first time I came to the Bay Area we
were so excited because we see it all
over the place like we see it on all
these sneaker blogs and things like that
and social media and we have never been
to one and it finally came we all bought
our tickets we all went me Harris swag I
think Phil was with the oh yeah and then
we all went and it was just like okay
we're here but we can't afford shit yeah
you know like oh but it was so cool to
look at people's displays and be around
so many sneaker heads and I was like I
we bought our tickets we paid to get in
there and it's just wait in line - yeah
waiting in line and no we cut the line
because we had our tickets at home
everybody else is paying at the door
we were so prepared that we have had our
tickets printed out you had a laminated
on her chest
yeah I know so yeah so we were in there
and I think we only think eyeball was
like a clear box put my shoes in
really afford and it was just like I was
like oh I want to be a part of this like
I vote after that as I kill this is
filled up I want to be a part of this
and then we went that year after that
and we drove to LA for it and then and
then LA we were literally in the crowd
selling shoes from like without all and
it was Harry I don't have Harrison goes
out alone or so we saw perfect Paris
that when we ran up to him and took a
picture with him now we come over and
chill at his house and then what so what
happened was how we actually started to
get become a part of it was a CREP
protect which is one of the companies
that sponsors me and as well as before
they sponsored me they were only
sponsoring sneakerheads be like and I
had talked to them and I was like yo I
think you should fly me out to a sneaker
con let me have like a meetup at your
booth and they were like they were like
alright let's do it dope will pay for
your flight in hotel so that was like
alright sweet let's do it
so they flew me out and I went by my
side with Meena it was just me and her
and none of the other guys went because
crepes didn't want to pay for anybody
else like I paid for meat and stuff but
they paid for me and then we went to we
went there and I walk in and I thought
it was just going to be like a couple
people but right when I walked in I met
the owner or one of the creators of
sneaker client and I didn't know who he
was
and then I go to the CREP booth and all
day people were just asking for pictures
all day long and I guess that got the
attention of the sneaker pawn guys and
then they've got my number somehow I
don't know but they texted him and they
said hey we want to bring you back to
all to the next one alright so the one
after that was Cleveland and then I was
able to bring akhmad and Jamie with me
so then every other one after that I
brought like the crew and then it just
got to the point where we were like hey
let's start selling merch and then the
merch line people were lining up for the
merch and then there was a point where I
had my own booth and crept was separate
and then crept was like hey like you
normally we brought you yeah I know I
was like all right we get it but now we
merged together where we have
Pumas inside the correct correct blue
the last they crept you know I got to
appreciate them and they're the ones
that you know brought me to the first
one to make all this happening and now
I'm going to official brand ambassador
with them so it's like you know it's all
family now so now it's just crazy now
it's like it's changed from just like a
sneaker convention to like you can go
and meet your favorite influencers just
engage with Q&A is there's a basketball
game in your like cities and I I came up
with the idea for the basketball game
yeah can you elaborate a little bit more
on Max's cuz up so that's different yeah
so it basically like I don't want to
talk about it too much because I feel
like I'm blabbering on but a lot of
these sneaker guys like I didn't I
wasn't really cool with a lot of them
and when I created my sneaker channel I
came out of kind of came out of the cut
and they're like who's this kid but I
knew all of them so I made a video doing
parodies of all of them and they all
thought it was funny so I kind of like
got they tweeted me and then we DM and
now I have all their numbers code on and
I was like you know like how come none
of us have ever done a basketball game
together like we all do shoe reviews but
how can we numbers in the basketball
game together and a lot of them told me
like none of these companies will back
it up like they won't put the money in
because they don't these companies don't
look at us as influencers they look at
it's like George we're not shit yeah so
they'll give a shit here and there but
in reality is they're not inviting us to
this company when they're not in they're
not sending us big boxes of shoes like
they do dj khaled like they don't really
appreciate us the way they should but so
what I took it in my power and I hit up
sneaker con guys and I'm like yo let's
have a basketball game and they're like
alright let's do it
so they invested a lot of speaking money
to get that court built in Atlanta and I
hit up all the guys I'm like look like
we're not getting paid to do this this
is for us to throw on a show for our
subscribers like they put us in this
position let's throw on a game for them
and all most of the guy I think
everybody agreed to do it and it was
just tons of fun and it was such a
success we did it in New York and then
we did it in Chicago this Chicago was
the third one the most successful one
you got some big names now we're going
to do it in
la and we're going to be doing it two
more times in in this year and I can't
say where but it's gonna be lit man I'm
Judith oh yeah yeah I always knew that
that was like a good look I was like man
I've never seen that before so see that
see influencers in that world they're
real you know you seem playing on the
basketball court just like you see Sarah
like NBA players Dale it added a whole
different level to it so that's pretty
dope I do want to segue a little bit
right now and talk to Harris about some
of his fondest memories in the last 10
years of the crew and I even at the
beginning you have to have in arsenal of
memories that just nobody knows about
this so we can't really say on things
that we could he can see 13 mangas and
any any trip that we went on whether it
be Los Angeles AB a trip or Toronto was
my first one out of like California and
now that was a really fun one yeah we
use so high and the snow over there
that's our boroughs and sorrows yeah
create a lot of fun out there we're also
going to New York multiple times our
funnest trips when we went to New York
we'd always fly into DC for an event
three years in a row now we did it we
flew to DC she loves you guys ah yeah
they show so much love and then we mean
Harris would always have extra day so we
do it early go to New York on a
greyhound every single time for one day
and come back for hours there for hours
I've done that it has Wi-Fi right you
plug in your iPod and megabanks it very
well sure I mean overflying because you
can see all the scene of the world so
don't keep your goodbyes yes equals it
yeah um so yeah basically those with the
funds yes yeah Virginia has at home feel
to it if like if I could pick anywhere
outside of California go be virgin hello
same we have DC do shoes from UC it's
really from
the VINs for the people that set it up
Mariam are
so here Leyla all of them Abdullah it
was just amazing I loved that place that
so dope over there let's talk about
Afghan basketball it's so that's
actually where I mean Christ man yeah oh
yeah we met I've had some of the funnest
times the over those tournament weekends
yeah but because we're young you're like
morning sent to you we got to leave our
families first 5b go to Orange County
yet would you have a hotel room with
like 18 20 different guys and each level
though I got another whole team of like
10 guys this is a lot of fun yeah those
guys are meet people that you know you
saw up in the Bay Area's and obviously
people like I don't want any change when
they're Outsiders are free on their own
but you got to like really like meet
these guys really understand them become
great friends with them you don't really
know someone so you go on a six-hour
road trip and it is stuck with them for
a full three-day weekend
yeah those are those are probably one of
the best ones if it wasn't for that a
lot of us who don't know each other I
don't think we how does Mimi I don't
have to be do that and having soldiers
yeah because we had a mini outlaw
practice like you would come sit around
watch yeah so I literally brought a lot
of us together that's Casey yeah my
earliest memories with you was
basketball in the empty - dude yeah yeah
I was thinking if it wasn't for Joe what
it meant in both me I coach Harris from
for 43 more threes and my coach is a
year older than me I always thought that
was so weird
he was a coach slash players like
whatever the big out right now the rest
of our team they're soldiers oh yeah
when you Union yell were on there every
time yeah I remember the funniest thing
ever was you guys are all still King and
I mean we all were there was an all-star
game and then I was coaching the team
that every you're still 17 you can play
so I play for each other a little bit
good memory I never won a championship
though we won three in a row we lost in
Le dream team won three in a row yeah
men's like I didn't really win I was
like a mat bar and I'm a member but I
really think you got the record yeah
Hillary
my own lighter I was about to get a ring
but then Oh first time we played you you
dropped 18 on us yeah you were I think
you hit six threes here yeah you're
guarding me too not much like a necklace
I was so mad I was yelling and stuff I'm
killing on players like okay we played
you guys the next day the champion we
found I got no playing time you barely
saw the court huh everyone what they
meant artisan I thought it was like
medium that's an atom got the concussion
yeah oh yes Tracy how was my worst
memory in that first game against whom I
was on the benches are you laying pipe
it seems everybody yeah um I don't be
personally I never really got too much
of an insight from you regarding the
fouseytube situation by which one what
happened publicly I know you guys are
all all good I know you guys hang out a
while ago over the last 10 years how has
your relationship been with him and I
know there was a fallout can you talk a
little bit about that yeah pretty much
we went to the same high school we were
introduced to he was introduced to me
when I when I started making videos he
wanted to be in them I guess so he met
up with Faisal and then Faisal
introduced them to me and then we kind
of hung out we would just make videos
like he was in myspace addiction and all
that you know so we were making videos
together and we became friends and we
had just always been friends all for the
camera too so we do a whole bunch of
stuff always hang out and things like
that
and then I think it was like 2011 or 12
I don't remember when he created it it
might have been wait a lot more that was
it it was right on time oh yeah he's a
die-hard fan so I don't know opportunity
so he created a channel and me and like
with my like with all that we were all
one big crew it was like boo team yeah
my team me so I hair is faisal like all
of us guys we were one big team we
weren't even the crew back then we were
just like how much to murder and then
Yusef was the first one to be like you
don't want to create a munch at my
on channel and I was like all right cool
but everybody else was like oh why is he
doing that so it was kind of like people
playing things in my head like girls are
the enemy and in my head I got kind of
jealous because he started when he
created his channel he started getting a
lot of he did something different as he
didn't just aim it towards he's not a
half-game you did Middle Eastern and it
just did blue up for him and I got kind
of jealous and then I think like we just
stopped like we distance ourselves from
each other and then but it wasn't like
super funk I wasn't like oh I don't like
the guy I hate him no it might have been
for like I'd may might have tweeted a
few things but I was like super young I
mean it's not like oh I'm gonna beat
your ass or anything just like like
trader types mean source I don't
remember what it was I'm running a bike
around that time and you're driving by
which you have yelled at him like yeah
if I could drive home yeah yeah that's
what it was and then like like people
always why aren't you guys the video
like it was like two months of non-stop
every video reviewing use of you and use
of dis dis dis and he he's the type of
person where he won't show it any
attention but I was the one that was in
the position where I was jealous so I
was showing it attention but he was
smart about it and he just ignored and
kept pushing and I should have had that
same mindset and it took me a while to
get that mindset and then I got to the
point where I think that same year a few
months later I saw him somewhere and we
just said I said like yo like whatever
like it's cool and then we were friends
after that
but we just maybe a year went by and we
just were not talking no it was mutual
and then I think I saw him again
somewhere and we exchanged numbers and
this was like maybe like two years after
that wasn't in a bear when he moved a
little bit okay
I had moved to yeah and we became cool
so we'd talk every once in a while and
then I live I moved to LA for like three
months with my cousin Paulette and then
I moved back because I didn't know what
the hell I was doing no and then a year
after that seems like it's 50 years but
a year after that he texted me one day
and he had moved to LA and he's like ill
moved to LA with me
and I was like what do you mean he's
like yeah I just come live in my living
room
oh wow that's bang out like content I
was like all right hang out I had
nothing to lose everything
I had nothing to lose so I moved out
there and then and then we just
basically lived together for like a year
and your club a lot we call a blog he
hit a million subscribers I hit like I
was still under 100 K which is crazy but
it was fun to like I filmed a lot of his
I'm in his most popular video along
hundred million views a hundred million
on venom venom I got kicked in the head
and then after after we are the least
ended and I decided to go back to the
bay because again I didn't I was doing
anything with my life and I'm really
going broke so he I moved back to the
bay and he moved to another place and he
was working with awkward hua ji and
people thought we had a beef because I
moved out but in reality it wasn't
nothing like that but then the whole
thing just got kind of like there was
some tension because I got him into yg
split from you so if they created own
channel so then people thought it was
like a whole big community everybody
liked me without my watch because I'm
really close to something what you guys
know so it wasn't Yousef just like I
said oh use is the type work when he's
not working with you he's just like you
got my to show your attention and that's
not a bad thing that's just like he's
focusing on his own being and he just
blew up after that like doing crazy
viral videos and it's not that there was
a problem it was just that he was doing
his own thing you know it's just you
don't he's like I said it's not a bad
thing but if if you're not in his life
at the moment and you text them he's not
gonna text right away you know you know
how it you guys know how he is
personally and that's not a bad thing
that's how he is that's how I am too now
now that I'm busy and I'm like making
content and it's actually keeping me
busy if somebody text me I don't I see
it but I don't get to it too like a days
later so I know what it's like as I've
been through that I've been bugging you
a lot
I'm supposed to do five paragraph text
messages back to back because I see the
five paragraphs of just like I'll read
this reason go back and check the dude
knows all right Humber Playa night yeah
so I never blame him but I know the type
of person he is and I've learned the
type of person he is and at the end of
the day like we cannot talk for a year
and I could text him or he can text me
to hang out and we'll both know that
yeah let's do it good okay I feel like
that's something that the entire yeah
team recruiter yeah we've had kind of
like been like that yeah because it's
more than just you two but the end of
the day is like you know we grew up not
grew up together but we've known each
other for so long we started together
like you know I'm saying like there's a
lot of bullshit in this YouTube thing
but it's not really important no nothing
since would you say that's one of the
biggest things you've learned oh yeah I
learned a lot from like separating the
personal with the business and kind of
learning how to manager yeah motions
yeah you see a lot of people that want
to be a friend but they're just using
you for views and shit along so if you
want to relate it back to this obviously
Youssef is way bigger than I am you know
so if I do hit them up it's never on
some you let's film it yeah let's hang
out you think that's more important
right now
yeah I'm saying if we're hanging out
daily then yeah we can vlog to challenge
it but for me it's because I don't see
him that often if I do hit him up it's
just like he'll come plates okay so yeah
and he's doing his like journey right
now so I don't know where the hell he is
but look yeah good luck man do you see
any future collaborations with them yato
in LA he's possibly going to come back
to LA and he give up his lease and
wherever he's at right now but as it
potentially he'll come back or you know
go with his family in New Jersey but if
he stays in LA you guys think you guys
might be able to do something together
yeah I think so because at the end of
the day we like to both create dope shit
so if there's an idea out there why not
you know I'm down to work with anybody a
lot of people don't think I like a lot
of the people I do work with or people
who have less subscribers to me is
denman and it's not important for me to
gain so when I do collabs it's not about
getting their subscribers or getting
it's more about just working with people
who want to make dope shit or creating
good content that's why I'm always
working with these younger guys
Blake Linda and Blake win is because
they're more motivated in the sneaker
YouTube God and some of the older guys
that have been in it that's not a listen
to that that's just sort of God I've
been saying something a younger ask of
energy yeah emotion they're the best
people I was talking the Tony D to wild
and we were talking about all these
younger kids because they're that
they're getting next and you know these
older guys like they're just not they're
good but they're just doing the same
thing like you always got to find what's
next you know and you always got a one
in these kids want it more they want to
be on the level that all the other ones
are at and so we got something to find
from yet and they're willing to travel
they're like these kids come to LA
they're like let's link up so like blaze
and area like these guys hit me up now
y'all come in LA let's link up I'm like
alright but these older guys never hit
me up even when they come to LA don't
hit me up yeah so guys the same guys I
invite to these games exactly but it's
no shots fired or be fine-tuned if
everyone's in their Lane working exactly
they're busy they're busy this is all
good stuff I sent an email to myself for
all the questionnaires and stuff and
then when you send me that text about
the podcast we freaked out yesterday so
we made another like layout of how we're
going to do today's episode because we
thought you weren't coming yeah oh
really I'm sorry I don't send myself the
one with - and so I'm there remembering
the questions but we have planted
occasion were the big things I'm pretty
sure you talk about some suffering out
yeah bubbling up and I said hey knowing
what are you announcing today everyone
today I'm announcing the tour which you
know I know all the so that's what what
exact words for life okay
kind of all of the sudden the tour all
of those items which I thought calls
it's not called all of a sudden all of
it all of a sudden - all of a sudden a
tour opening some - last year we call it
no fences family tour this year I called
it all of a sudden the tour and this is
in honor of the ten year anniversary
sponsored by crappy tech Shattuck
reputation without them the tour
wouldn't be possible so sure - the white
honor yeah wife's my favorite wife's
everybody's always commenting Kai
swatches Atsuko the yo sir has no travel
huh what's up it works so yeah we got
the tour coming up we're going to a lot
of places we're going to international
on the tour Shanghai Hong Kong right now
Shanghai wait you did the same thing no
it's not chimp has China yeah okay Hong
Kong Australia is in Hong Kong in China
too I don't even like a base foot don't
play poor people I don't know so yeah I
was only to all these places and then I
can't say anywhere else but it's going
to be when I'm going to a lot of places
I never thought I would go last year on
the tour I learned so much and got the
drive through America so I got to see so
much it was so freaking dope I'm so
excited for this one but we're flying
this time so man I'm juiced I'm ready
for it yeah London should be coming to a
few cities here in town I'm gonna stay
local so we don't see you in the Bears
yeah the Bay Area that's a busy Bay Area
show I could say that there's a Bay Area
a pop-up and it's going to be the
biggest one because it's on it's on the
weekend of the ten year anniversary and
I did that on purpose means like home
turf - yeah celebrate back home
environment that's come from other than
that other than the tour like there's
like other business things that I want
to do but I'd rather not talk about it
because you got to keep that stuff
private until it's rate on is cheap yeah
and hopefully issue collab is coming
soon nothing mingle that's the sneaker
main course yeah a lot of like I said a
lot of these brands take us as a joke so
fight like I've told brands that I want
to collab in one one guy just one of the
guys that I have connect with I told
them that I wanted to do a collab and
you just responded lol so it's not like
yeah and I don't want to use that as
motivation yeah subscribe earlier me
that's yeah I'm connect fire boys yeah
you keep it on your background your
personal in a bit just another question
so these big brands Nike Adidas
Under Armour Reebok whatever it is are
you chasing these big brands or would
you be willing if the company does come
out to you almost answer the Neal or one
of these other companies would you be
willing to make a shoe with that company
or you just shoot if it
I'm shooting for the big brands but I'm
open to see I'm open to other brands you
just like the canvas of these big brands
yeah I just feel like it's more hype and
it's a bigger goal
absolute dream you know the different
other scholars because I know a few
others Nico YouTube guys have they've
got in the club like Nightwing did one
with Brandon black which is dope cause
he has actual basketball shoe his logos
on me yeah that's where testers yeah
that's super dope and then all these
other sneaker guys did one with a soft
Saucony and I know we were gonna I don't
know there so I don't wear stuff it's
aki-nee but if if if something you had
approached me and wanted to do what I
would have done it if they didn't do it
with other YouTube guys because then to
me that's just like hey it's another one
in there regards all the guys so that's
why I want to be the first to do it with
a big brand like Nike or adidas or Under
Armour or like one of those named those
are the three that I would want to do it
more than anybody and I already know
which silhouettes I would want to do
like I have like ideas and visuals in my
head I'm just waiting for them to for me
target's got to keep working hard it's
gonna have a camel spool yet been a
passion right there's a little bit of
worry well the reason Harris ask you
that is because he hasn't connected
shock shoes and already like everything
I didn't come slow down for a shadow lab
well then somebody else treating me
they're like hey you keep complaining
about wanting a shoe why don't you just
make your own look at lawns or ball I
could technically do it and I could
charge whatever I want but I don't want
to do that I want to go through a
company that I freaking have grown up
wearing and want to work with it's more
motivation to me anybody can make a shoe
they really want to you know at the end
of the day but I'm paying $500 or no
Lonzo sneakers no shots fired
thank you people hate when I talk about
them because I always say negative stuff
and then they're like oh you're such a
hypocrite because you always show us
good positive messages but the kids are
talented but the data I've known
shit yeah they come out with a lot of
good videos now for him like making them
look normal and nice and you could do I
was open up the QA like you know hey yes
how much time do we have they got about
15 minutes less than ours and also 50
are let's go home Twitter first oh yeah
can i backtrack a little bit early I
just remember this I think you asked
like what was something that made me mad
in the comment section yes it's
something that happened recently
it wasn't truly a lot of people have
been talking shit about my niece she's
seven months years old oh you're on for
seven months and all the comments are
negative because these kids want to get
the top comment on the video just for
the life
yeah just for the light and then it just
sucks that they're they're basically
bullying a 7-month year-old kid and it's
really disappointing because these
people are people who come in every day
to watch which their supporters just
report at the end of the day whether
they're hating other loving their
supporters so I love them for that they
bring you know they put me in the
position that I am but when you're
bashing a 7-month year old kid baby just
to get a top comment it's like you have
to understand that I'm okay with it I
understand it's the internet they don't
it's good you can bash me all you want
you can bash like my girlfriend all you
want you can bash my friends like we
understand it but the people that don't
understand it is the family like my
sister texted me yesterday and said she
can't be entire collective so I can't
put my niece in my videos anymore my
videos that's who are my life it's for
me to look back on 10 years from now and
watch my memories in that example my
niece in it because people on internet
want to get a top comment I remember
back in the day people always talk about
who's that girl and you're in your
videos or whatever it was I know you're
a little personal about that stuff and
things like this to me are reasons why
people keep their personal lives out of
the social light I know that's a big
deal for a lot of people and that's just
hurtful in the fact what are you doing
man like why would you even leave a
funny comment you know
times do you think about disabled
comments I wouldn't disable comments but
you can block certain words yes so I
think if we do decide to put her back in
the videos we will lock a few words so
like it's just like I know it's mostly
little kids but you got a you know like
you deserve to be slapped upside your
head if you're freaking picking on a
settlement deal baby like you know it's
just ridiculous how immature they are
and imagine what they're saying on
YouTube comments what are they doing
real life half of them I feel like they
don't even say this definitely a lot I
thought they're too scared they didn't
want to talk comment that's it and then
you got it even give you like you're not
going to get subscribers up to Tommy
Holloway is all belong there at the end
of the day it if you're a real fan like
if you're I don't could save fan if
you're a real supporter your pop you're
gonna screw yourself over because
there's days when I'm with my family and
she's there and I can't vlog so I might
miss a day now be back around so then
you're going to complain all your not
uploading well I'm spending time with my
niece when I can't put on a counter
because you motherfuckers are talking
shit about a little baby so I just hope
that it shoutout to everyone who when I
did talk about this on Twitter they went
and they started commenting positive
things so shouts everybody that does
spread positive love there is a lot of
positive uh followers out there but at
the end of the day people are going to
talk to you to get that top commenters
like if after your goal in your life
then you need to suck in I mean feels
like a cyborg that's mine let's open up
to these questions right now so we're
going to take some serious ones my field
will take some some of the fun ones as
well yeah I'll just start for the table
I try to keep them quick too so yeah a
quick headers okay do you pour the milk
before the cereal the cereal before the
material before the member why not
talking why not soccer my dad is so
disappointed that I didn't you soccer is
because when I was younger I scored on
my own goal that was the following while
I was a first-year that
and then after that like I would go to
these soccer tournaments and I'd always
see fights and then one time a guy
pulled out a gun and after that I was so
young I was like I don't want to go back
and I wanna play soccer here I was so
scared and I actually remember
everything you're talking about yeah I
was good right oh yeah Concord yeah I
was so scared and the reason why I was
scared is cuz throughout the whole uh
well I was happening I lost my dad so I
thought my dad was in the fire and I ran
away and everybody's running again and
there's old phones back then so I didn't
know where anyone was going and I was so
scared as I kill fuck soccer yeah did I
became the basketball player it wasn't
soccer that carries up people in our
yeah this is my childhood memories that
kind you know when people have fears of
spiders when they're like eight years
old
there's no it's not that I'm scared of
stalkers it's that and now I regret it
cuz I fucking love soccer
exactly I love playing soccer by shit
alright so rush hour nine nine nine what
is your long-term creative vision for
the free TV channel and what do you see
for the future of sneaker youtube and
the culture in general you keep the
mechs insurance we reach a million
subscribers in Lingle right now and just
keep uploading build content that's all
that matters is keeping myself as hyper
happy we've already asked us what's your
best memory what's your dream true my
dream shoe is the kobe 81 kobe binds to
he wore when he scored 81 points
released after a year on the year
anniversary of that it released 81 pairs
of that shoe all in his size 14 so I'll
never be able to wear it but it's
impossible to find
if anybody won't have had that out there
I got some money for you I only spend a
lot of money for that oh that's like
such a rare gem 81 shoes owner yeah some
of these questions we've already
answered not sure what is your Grail
sneaker that one that's a great one okay
let's go other than that though I can't
honestly I'm so like I look at my
collection now and I'm like five years
three years ago I would have dreamt of
having this collection I'm so grateful
to have that boom and it's to the point
where I'm like I can't I could like win
so certain people asked me like you know
like what you want like
really don't know right now it's all new
releases because anything I've ever
wanted when I was younger I have yeah
and it's more motivation keep working
hard get that I ate composition every
you know I ate reams about diet dream
well what is that I'm like a smaller to
polish and remember I've been gone I
hate this hearing people were like oh we
can't afford it and like no I can get it
but I heard the news command next year
so materialistic to avert able in my mom
karna my mom so I got a night like
fucker
what is swags real name so eggs real
days and what it is really
Oh God you had an idea I just don't know
blasphemy puzzle - oh my god dude that's
really miserable GD it addresses the
reason I think he's 28
but I needed he's what 22 22 yeah so we
don't know we don't know where he was
born
there's a lot of stuff in a moment
there's always that one friend where you
don't know anything about her select so
I can go cautiously I try not the other
day we'll causative brother like he is
wrong if you like G pose FX fuck I don't
know if you say like my brother leg long
I don't know I need to kidding you put
it in parentheses I'll explain so maybe
both blood like I said you sleep I know
he's a gangsta discreet I just recently
found out he's on Afghan I feel really
outside that is rival cos I'm an
American Conference who's that allowable
yeah I mean he's a young my mask another
clever yeah
he goes to church on Sundays LA life you
pour the milk before the cereal or the
show yeah I can check my mention it my
Montano yeah go to his rent even like
John I have literally a whole crew
talking again to the others yes follow
crew soccer on Instagram we're on
Twitter
we go to legal dimensions Amani don't we
give a question for you guys the ask us
question what you're cool with it with
hot fat guys yeah you put the cameras on
me no I'm using all of our goals with
this they basically called Hasani called
me one day means it's like you know we
want to start a podcast so you want it
to be an extension from the crew like we
want to make dream crew right into
different branches and I was a sorry
let's do it less work I have to do as
long as you guys run it exactly well
that was kind of what it was we we saw a
bigger vision for where the brand is we
know it's going to blow up and we want
to be a part of it obviously happen but
we wanted to leverage your network to
help us start the podcast and get it to
a good spot but more so we want to help
create content yeah down the line for us
to look back on be like damn that was
though that helped out a lot I'm excited
to watch you guys I told this I am
excited to reach into your guys's
episodes when I'm not here
oh man we've learned some good
conversations are these kind of
definitely of my addiction camera just
ready but always with a choice of
amazing conversations on and off the
camera Sonya - I feel like well we'll
talk about any and everything we have a
little segments they'll be set up as
well if we're not going to have any
guests on obviously want to be as
consistent as possible that's our
biggest thing consistency thank you you
don't have a set thing right now but at
least minimum once a week so you have
something to look at via your podcast
set up where it's at iTunes or other
YouTube feed in your subscriptions um
the biggest thing is just we want to
talk to people like you want to talk
influencer is art is anything across the
board just to kind of hear your story
where you came from what you want to do
in the future and just just have a great
dialogue at the end of the day that's
all it's about it's all about the
memories you create and this is
definitely one of the best ways to
create that so everyone has a story to
tell or was that this song that was on
like the real world a long time ago my
biggest things I will
in the real world yeah I was like my
dreams and never happen I want you to
instead so remember mothers that Muslim
girl in it yes I one year yeah probably
I always thought about myself Ozzie
earlier everybody does the jury doesn't
smoke because my sister's read the book
came about so much more we already
started yeah everyone else or yourself
we're human
you know we have dreams stuff we want to
do so get to talk about that and you
know if one person can help another
person out I always said that I always
bigger than the individual if you if you
build a team that's that is collectively
on the same page you can do a lot of
really amazing stuff and to me that's
like that's what it is and we really
wanted to bring everyone together and
kind of elevate the entire crew all
right let's see if you got a couple
other ones on here yeah we're not going
to the Supreme of 8ny
I think log today I'm like I was
originally bait because I love camel and
just because I love they're like
accessories and stuff like that but I
slowly and slowly started getting more
into supreme just because I loved their
clothing them and because like I can
afford it now like I was broke back then
so I didn't I couldn't afford it so it's
like I don't know that sounds kind of
like arrogant and cocky but it's
realistic like you know people are like
oh you haven't been on supreme wolf shit
I couldn't afford it but now I can so
that I'm wearing it again Jamie I was
going to sneak your head so hard your
head I didn't like I like to think of my
whole life but yeah
couldn't afford them about my first very
Jordans and skulls in 11 by having three
exactly did have money family you know
we had other priorities and stuff I had
my first job and I was making no money
other car now Simon explores like we
bought a bunch of sneakers oh we bought
a whole bunch of GTRs and then I started
getting to more limited stuff and then
it up to the point we were like oh crap
we can afford like a LeBron MVP or a
LeBron pack if you say like that I mean
we get all my wallpapers
yeah actually here's actually go ahead
so how do you feel being left off better
bougie right these are the most all bad
at Muji I would say I feel over bad
bougie Sagan
we live another terribly you know like
so to come back to like we left off
bamboozled how do you feel about the
animals of every week I say really like
everybody listen who do you saying that
look like a black of a Division one
without this alright so I just want to
thank you guys for joining us for the
first episode of crew talk with our
guest
I guess tie so much few days how are you
we're your hosts I'm Harris
I'm doula we'll see you guys on episode
2 thanks so much
you
