yo what's going on guys so today we
start the vlog out here on La Brea
not Melrose not Fairfax we on LaBrea
today a little bit of a little bit of a
different vibe you know I'm saying we
got yg way it's going all y'all yeah
Mike in the building
if you guys didn't know Mike moved to LA
for a month right now he's testing out
the LA vibes how do you like it so far
Mike you know it's good yeah he came out
a good time because as you guys know
all-star weekend is like two weeks away
it's gonna be absolutely crazy guys like
there's so much stuff every day
literally every day another party or
another sneaker event I'm getting
invited to it so it's gonna be
absolutely insane and I guess we get
started countdown now because your boy
is going to the all-star game thanks to
CTE I'm gonna be going to the all-star
game for the second year in the row so
I'm very very excited for that countdown
right there CG countdown we can begin
things popping the funny thing is like
all-star weekend was out here I think it
was 2011 was it 11 and I couldn't afford
tickets so we watched the game across
the street at the movie theater they
played the game yeah so we watched a
three-point contest in the theater and I
yeah
no you weren't this before we even met
ya know what yeah that was with I was
with Omar and Shannon media press Yeah
right I wish I can't with this guy
yeah that's what you do in real life
baby let's get it hell yeah
nice shot I want to witness YG's so so
take spices the washing man oh my god
I trust in you young fella I trust in
your trust what you gonna trust
I'm just in you young fella I seen it
I've seen that I'm just a young fella
not waiting oh good alright guys so as
you saw ygd so alright guys so watch
anyway guys we got the crib chillin
right now and if you guys see I actually
put my desk right here with my chair
because I'm like alright I don't really
use this in my room
so I'm gonna put it here when I do
unboxings like I have my table and
whatnot so I actually did get a package
right here so I'm about to do what's in
the box for that but before I do that I
got it give a huge shout out because
Under Armour has just been showing
non-stop love
okay so Under Armour's been showing mad
love lately I gotta give a shout-out to
my Under Armour family as you guys know
I did the unboxing for the hovers they
ended up sending more pairs and they
ended up sending Mena's actual size so
shout out to them for correcting that I
gave the size sixes to my sister because
hopefully it fits her I'm not sure but
they gave us some fire colorways she's
got the white ones which are kind of
like a cream I don't know if you could
see on the lighting but it's kind of
like cream hot hot pink ones pretty dope
colorway I got the black colorway very
very dope and all white ones this is my
favorite one so I'm excited to wear
these number wear these ones casually so
shout out to Under Armour for showing so
much love you know your boy gonna be
supporting out here during all-star
weekend hopefully they got some type of
event going on because obviously you
know your boy Curry's gonna have a
all-star sneaker so we'll see what they
decide to do but Under Armour I just
feel like 2018 they got big big things
you know pop in with like ASAP Rocky
hopefully a curry five and whatnot so uh
yeah I think it's time to find out
what's in that box I just showed you so
hit the intro alright well I'm super
super far that's kind of weird but let
me know what you guys think of the new
setup if it's cool if it's not whatever
you want to do we're gonna switch it
around
I got an unboxing for you guys today
we're doing an unboxing from my homies
over at the fix cakes located in the Bay
Area Santa Clara slash San Jose area if
you guys are ever there check them out
very dope store like I said I think I
unbox something from them last week or
so but they hit me up if I wanted this
and I was like say no more we're gonna
get this thing cooking I'm saying James
Harden Edition I've been very I was bad
I've been very very selective on my
purchases this year as I've been telling
you guys I'm trying to you know be
careful and not spend too much money we
got a wedding to pay for we got a house
to buy you know I'm saying I gotta buy
my dream car this year you know I'm
saying I hate goals sometimes man you
can't pass on good offers especially
with supreme the good thing about
supreme is like you might pay a little
bit more but in time you might that that
item might be worth more money later on
so that wasn't right we got some supreme
baby oh we got more than just supreme oh
this is sick it's got like that
off-white vibe to it so fixed cakes oh
that's actually really lit look it's got
like the off-white vibe to it with the
little tag and then like the stitching
on swoosh and then cakes in the
quotation marks damn okay I want to copy
that idea for a t-shirt design a fix
kicks if I make merch that looks like
these t-shirts I'm sorry but you guys
inspired it anyway let's get to this
jacket you guys know I always rock the
supreme on North Face collab from this
past season the parka and this is
another parka and this one is like a
leaf all over print wow look at that
this is just fire Jacob I know you're
watching this family I'm not giving this
away fam I'm sorry relax okay sit back
relax with your blurry ass background
I'm just kidding I love you dawg okay
let me see you soon North Face supreme
they always kill it with their collabs
and this is one that I wanted for a
minute and you know I'm saying when the
right opportunity comes you know you
just gotta pull the trigger you know
I mean there's not too much that I could
really tell you about this jacket so
it's not like a sneaker or I could
review it but it's it's pretty dope you
know we don't really get opportunities
to wear jackets in California so I'm
gonna be taking this probably on a trip
if I go anywhere soon but I really don't
plan to travel soon so this is probably
gonna hang up in my closet for a little
bit but hey at least I'm keeping it real
all right that's it for the unboxing
edition hope you guys enjoy this
unboxing was brought to you by crepitus
like I dropped his camera his expensive
ass camera he just bought I use my old
camera I dropped this oh yeah I'm trying
to get a pair what's resale you feel me
alright guys so Vita just informed us
via ez mafia that the easy supply
password pages up so when the password
pages up that means they're gonna do
some type of a drop so we're assuming
it's gonna be a mud wrap any minute now
the website could go live in the mud
rats interrupts does it rat mud rat
whatever the hell it is it's some type
of rat so put your so pick your worst
acting it's live it's terrible ass
acting I'm gonna laugh if it's just like
easy season six or something these are
lucky career sick
I'm telling you y'all see it's not sick
there are whole there's no wave winners
you guys are talking so much I didn't
say anything like oh it's not wet I
understand the order
came in now I'm it's like oh they look
pretty cool in person maybe these look
you look cool but they're not sick no
they're not sick Mina's gonna start her
own like information account called Mina
supply she's just gonna copy and paste
easy mafia tweets just do paper or no I
think so even though they look hella
good on girls like when girls wear him
and this new campaign did the only thing
though please what's up with that Paris
Hilton when she's trying to like a Chloe
Harris Hilton mean did you see Paris
Hilton did it - yeah it's so bad I don't
like it I thought she look good oh it's
not the websites up shut up right there
I don't see anything but I don't see
anything
there's not even option for shoes
preseason no no no there's no there's no
option for anything they added in maroon
boots they added green boots for men
they added boots didn't add any freakin
mud rats or anything where my you know
don't lie she's my wear now it's the
green pair this is a pair that I'm
getting way sent over here to share guys
it's gone well dude this did it drop
this is the same pre-order the
pre-orders sold out this is my draw
gripping this was not a new drop a
hundred percent because this is the
pre-order set right here it's been sold
out they didn't drop it a hundred
percent they didn't drop it what pic did
you even click though I swear I'm
getting out of the car - y'all
crazy cut Scotty's good guys changes as
raw as skies changes because I asked you
because I was trying to I was like what
do you press well thank you thank you
for the heads-up though but but it was
in L alright guys so we are currently on
Melrose right now and tonight is a very
special night because um get rid of this
gum
tonight is a very special night because
tonight is the private party of the new
mag park so the new man park opens up
this weekend literally it opens up this
weekend on Melrose mag Park Los Angeles
and tonight it's just friends family you
know Mickey inviting you industry people
you just check out the spot and to have
a good time grab some food some tacos
you know but anyway yeah we're about to
pull up right now you know say we have
to throw on the fifth show the pants you
know a little something different oh
yeah a little something different looks
like I got pajamas on but look at the
glasses oh tell me that's a fire I like
I said we trying to get Mickey to give
us a percentage of the business tonight
so all right so we're gonna poke the
back pocket and we're just gonna check
out the bottom then have a good night
the tacos
did you guys come from Akbar but you
guys come for the free tacos how many of
you had a like 10 Burman it's alright
that's how much we eat actually we eat
bro talk about I just want to say thank
you to everybody for coming out for real
I just want to say it's a huge blessing
we keep grinding we're just getting
started because I'm super excited for
what the next chapter has to hold for us
honestly from the bottom I heart I think
you guys for supporting this on the last
minute bitch it's about 80% done so
thank you so much from the bottom of
heart I can't thank you enough
I'm just excited to share with you guys
what's coming up next
real real soup but thank you for being
here tonight keep drinking keep eating
tacos we're gonna be here so we can
thank you so much I love you guys back
Park baby
alright guys so we are back at the crib
right now and I just want to make this
announcement right now the mag park los
angeles is opening this saturday now
there's not gonna be like a huge grand
opening like party or anything like that
but if you're in l.a come through to mag
park in LA or any day come through to
mag park in LA it's on Melrose and it's
a very dope store and it obviously it's
brand new so like the inventories
growing and stuff like that but shout
out to Micky shout out to the Mac Park
family congratulations on another dope
store and wishing it nothing but success
you know we're gonna be in there a lot
filming and stuff like that so it's dope
to have I guess we could say a
headquarters on Melrose that we can
always go to and key masters in there
and whatnot so it's gonna be pretty dope
anyway guys I guess we're gonna end the
vlog here but I just want to say thank
you because right now we are at all nine
hundred and forty five thousand
subscribers let's try to get nine
hundred and fifty thousand by this
weekend so if you are not subscribed
please subscribe because we give it away
ten pairs of easy so I already have the
ten pairs now I've already I already
have the ten pairs ready so at all all
we have to do is hit that Millie and
we're gonna do the giveaway and we
banging out wait what's tomorrow's date
tomorrow's the first yeah tomorrow's the
first my goal is to upload every single
day in February we're gonna do we got
you know I'm gonna do it if I don't I'm
gonna I'll see you guys later I'm outta
here hey
