one of you family as you can tell I just
got to the Bay Area today is a very
exciting day because today we are about
to actually go start the first ever crew
talk podcast with Abdullah and Harris
it's early in the morning it's like 9:00
a.m. we're at Best Buy because we need
one more microphones or doulas in there
right now getting it and then from there
we're just going to have a really good
day with the homie so damnit Bay Area
vibes let's get it
alright guys so we just got to the
location that we are filming at and
Harris is already here they are setting
up about to be stolen I'm actually super
super excited for this man
we're going to talk about some juicy
topic too so it's going to be
interesting there isn't good
Zach - I treat you Osen big boys the
Freemont see that there is look at this
set of this is full so we're actually
filming in a furniture store so what's
this furniture store a couple global Dan
guys what we'll then fresh off the
flight no days off Harris is trying to
set up the mics I've never seen him do
any computer work like I know a lot but
one of the mics camp isn't working so
here we transfer you all that stuff out
and then we're going to start filming
alright so we're going to start setting
up in I'll check in with you guys in a
minute because now they can lower the
family okay
you want to see it's whatever is more
visually appealing whatever you guys can
pull out a better actor so in everybody
needs to go follow all the social media
accounts for krutov Instagram and all
that stuff we'll I'll put it down below
make sure you guys go Fargo will follow
it what are we going to be talking about
here today
pornhub account soon we're going to talk
about the last 10 years we're going to
figure out what packs have been doing to
be so damn successful tell us a secret
and we need to know what it was a juicy
topic oh yeah we're going to find a
surviving you and Solomon to go mana
good is it coming is it
alright guys so we are back at the crib
right now it is currently pretty late
it's like 1056 what I do for most of the
day we went to the movies because my
cousin works at the movie so we got in
for free we watched this Jamie Foxx
movie was lit and now we have a guest
here ladies and gentlemen introducing to
you from the Chicago Bulls $96 get here
now again you got the short song about
the shoes your next sponsor Koffler
their conscious and Roger calm they're
not ready for your new one though oh I
should tell tell about that one oh wait
I need this too what my boyfriend oh and
the disrespect my inner hypebeast has
been has been dying inside because I
don't have any supreme LV and I'm not
even in LA which makes it worse if I was
currently in l where l LA I keep hearing
funny words if I was in LA I already
know I would splurge and go buy health
stuff for resale price because I'm an
idiot patience is key you know I'm
saying I'm not trying to spend too much
money on this freaking thing because
resale is insane yeah that's a death
insurance people and they're like what's
in the box
like that unlike the Vanessa
we got to hit that right now because
yesterday I got an unboxing I bought
something off the go tap and it's one of
my favourite pickups that I've had this
year let's find out what's in the box
right now what's in the box pick these
up because they came out recently and
the whole collection was built but I
couldn't get my hands on any of it I
think I have a homie who's hooking me up
with the hoodie from the collection the
concept behind the sneakers is built to
me so shout out to my favorite actor buy
sneakers which is goat as I've been
telling you guys a lot lately as always
when Jules verifies your sneaker they do
wrap it up all nice for you just to you
know add some nice little detailing to
your unboxing I have not seen these in
person so I'm extra excited for these as
you guys can see kiss right there this
is a kiss collab with adidas whoo
verification card letting me know that
did verify my my sneaker so these are
100% authentic bottom bowl we got the
kids adidas ultra boost ultra boost I
have the other kit ultra boost collabs
and I'm a huge fan of kissing Ronnie fig
and I think they did a fantastic job
with this sneaker because the upper of
the shoe is a softer shoe pretty much
this is like a classic soccer shoe
silhouette thrown on an ultra boost Copa
right there great quality leather on
this upper is the insert leather oh that
insert is like oh there is no insert I
don't know maybe I'm tripping these are
sick the dope I'm really happy to add
these to my collection I've been kind of
like keeping it calm with the boost
lately I feel like they've just been
releasing like 4.0 and 3.0 versions of
the same ultra boost they've been
releasing the past few years yeah
great shoe that wraps up with in the box
my kids right now just looking at like
my old shoes these aren't old but
they're like one of my shoes that I keep
back here in the bay one thing that kind
of sucks which is something that I did
want to put on YouTube just so that it's
something that I can always look back on
something that I can have my niece look
back on is her being in the vlogs
unfortunately YouTube has no filter and
people say some really really bad things
on YouTube there's a line that some
people just cross and they do it just so
that they can have a funny comment or
that they can get the top comment on a
video and because of so many negative
comments towards my niece who's only 7
months old I have been asked to not put
in my videos anymore
it's it's not my decision it's my
family's decision it really sucks that I
can't put her in my videos anymore
because again these are my this is my
life and I like to share it with you
guys and I would love to look back on
these vlogs that a lot of the reasons
why I do vlogging like I said it's just
so I can look back on it is what it is
what these bullies say doesn't really
matter it's not true it's just people
trying to be funny and trying to get top
comments you know saying my diehards
would never disrespect me or my family
like that I was really disappointed to
see this this even happened in my
comment sections I'm probably not even
gonna enable comments on this video
which is the first time that I have ever
in my 10 years of YouTube disabled
comments just because I want to keep the
negativity out of there and I just want
to say thank you to my crew family who
spreads the positive love no matter what
who supports no matter what who's you
know mature enough to not talk
about a freaking 7 month child you know
what I'm saying so shout out to my crew
members who show nothing but love you
know I'm saying a lot of people they are
they watch they come back every day but
they still talk every day and
that's fine like you know I'm saying
you're still part of the crew because
you come back and you watch but a lot of
you guys let me down by talking that
 about my little niece and it just
sucks I can't put her in the videos
anymore
but again it is what it is I know a lot
of people going to be tweeting me saying
don't worry what people say it's totally
fine to me I understand it's just the
Internet but I got a respect what I
asked us to do so I can't put on the
vlogs anymore I don't need the people to
try to make me feel better guys I just
need you guys to spread positive energy
and positive loves and positive comments
throughout the vlogs I use I use YouTube
to share my life with you guys I make a
use YouTube to you know share my passion
of sneakers with you guys my passion of
a lot of my daily lives and my friends
and family and all that stuff and I
understand all the ripped all the things
that come with it you know I'm saying I
understand people judging in comments
and all that stuff but this is the first
time where I really hated that that I
have to deal with all that stuff like
it's never really affected me like this
so it really sucks that doesn't mean I'm
going to stop because at the end of the
day there still is so many loyal people
out there who don't bring that
negativity to my channel who support me
and really love everyone around me and
would never do that so thank you guys
that's it thank you guys for watching
I'm out of here yeah I don't know how to
end it
you
