it's a roof off type of day fam I guess
so
good morning good afternoon we are
currently on the way to get some
breakfast
no sweater on today I guess my white
arms need some tanning but we're going
to have a pool day today relax I still
need to edit and post my video for today
so I'll do that probably by the pool and
I've got a huge announcement today
today's a huge announcement you guys is
a huge announcement announcement
announcement it's gonna be 90 laps under
here we have to postpone it due to
anyway we're going to go to SK Donuts
right now yeah right go right right here
we're going to I'm gonna take you to SK
Donuts and no we're not going to get
Donuts we're going to get breakfast
sandwiches they've got the best
breakfast sandwiches in LA if you're
looking for a quick quick sandwich on
the go so let's get some of this but
they're Donuts are fired too and get the
air we can have done it alright so a
quick little pool session the lighting
is bad so I'm gonna move this it's got a
box so I'm unbox this little little
later Wow look how it landed brettski
right there right LV and supreme
announced today that they're doing the
pop-up shop in a few cities all over the
world
la is finally getting some love I don't
know where the line is that just hasn't
been given out yet but I can't stand in
mind like I'm I can't stand in line I
leave tomorrow morning out of town so I
won't be able to go camp out for them
like I really want the backpack there's
a few other things that I really want
but I'm going to go after the item that
is probably going to be the most
expensive after resale after retail
price with the
this out I wanted to video to mainly be
centered around a huge announcement that
I've been hyping up but I've got
something to open what's in the box
this one I'll open it right now because
I have no idea what it is damn close
look at those boxes Sato made some
Stuart Carl and Kevin I think those are
the three main minion names I think this
is from the Puma minion collab but this
is like huge like this one I could rock
with very simple Puma / Romania this is
a heavy duty jacket right here these are
like button arms right here
Puma logo right there I like that jacket
I'll see what these ones look like
cartoon on the inside tissue paper oh
all flap the inner lining has the
minions print and it's a leather that's
so freakin dope so it's like super
subtle super queen great material here
nice suede black like that a lot this
one is sick because this one has
Dominion right on the toe oh I did see
these ones online either dope but I
can't wear the shoe I always keep it
real with you guys this one I can't wait
how do you loosen it do you press maybe
you pull or you just turn it the
opposite way oh wow yo these are lit all
white red white and blue got the silver
back definitely you know what I'm going
to do is I'm going on a little mini
vacation next week these are definitely
going to be on my feet for 4th of July
thank you for much these are dope
alright I think the only way that I can
hike this up and just announce it is by
taking you guys back to one of the
craziest two weeks of my life this is
the big announcement
here we go
no friends or family
Oh
come back
I've already put a shout-out in the blog
if you have terrible timing
go
Oh
that is right guys this freaking August
starts the new tour for 2017 finally I
can share the news with you guys that I
am coming on tour for the second time in
my life so many cities giveaways we're
going to be doing you know meetups we're
going to be doing exclusive merch we're
going to be doing
raffles like literally everything free
crap protect like it's going to be so
freakin insane without crap protect and
the crowd protects family this tour
would not be possible they saw what we
did last year they see the vision they
are the official sponsors so every city
we go to we will be giving away free
crap protection I cannot tell you guys
where exactly we are going all the dates
and cities are going to be confirmed
within like a week or so so we'll slowly
start to announce the official times and
days and where and when and all that
stuff very very soon let me know what
you guys want me to come by commenting
down below if you see your location down
below already in the comments don't
recall meant it just thumbs up that
comment so that it gets the top comment
we already have a full list of where we
want to go but there might be a few
extra cities that we can throw on the
tour just because it got a lot of love
in the comments section of this video so
I really cannot wait to go on tour again
and meet some of you guys and just have
a great time oh I didn't even mention
this how can I forget this the main
reason for this tour is not just to go
around and meet you guys
wait no it is that is that's correct on
top of that the main reason for this
tour is because on September 29th 2017
is the 10-year anniversary since I
started my youtube journey so this whole
tour is in honor of 10 years of not
giving up my dream of being on YouTube
of doing what I love of chasing my dream
of you guys supporting me and us
building this crew 10 years strong every
single city we go to we are going to
celebrate we are going to represent the
dream crew we are going to show the
world how
powerful we are as a family dream
through ten years on YouTube this
September so the tour starts in August
and it's going to go all the way through
September and we are going to celebrate
in every single freaking city and I'm
done train crew we take an over baby
okay
