hey all we come here second okay I
didn't Isaac doors at the time Oklahoma
Famicom have all the sudden shout out
Kenny's from Oklahoma mr. it easy
clearly so all the thunder all the
sudden
all right so I'm at the Mack type area
of Mack Park looking at all these
supreme t-shirts what's crazy is they
just sold one for about $9,000 a t-shirt
not a hoodie not a jacket a t-shirt this
one right here $750 this one's $850 you
used $700
I mean $1,000 $1,700 900 right here 1400
I think this was like when they opened
their London store 2004 this one 1700
1300 this one's actually pretty dope
1300 this is a thousand it's got that
purple is on my side
some I said what does that one going for
this one soon probably got seven right
now keep on all the other colors but
horns or something
so checking on Mickey their years my new
employee just showed up there let me
give you a call back
Hey all right so this in a relationship
I'm not an employee yet
I've got a witness well this whole
friggin that's the switch another very
successful mag park trip thank you to
the Mac Park family for always looking
out for me and always having the great
deal I got me some bait swim shorts as
you saw in that transition scene because
your boy is going to be hitting the pool
for the summertime and I'm going to be
going on a little mini vacation next
week so I'm super excited about that
don't worry the vlog is gonna still come
the videos still gonna come yeah I'm
going to head back towards my house now
I don't want to go home but I don't know
what else Dusit it I really actually
have a lot to work a lot to work I have
a lot of work to do today huge
announcement tomorrow alright let's go
alright guys let me show you what I got
babes camo swim trunks I just noticed
this when I got home these things are
glow in the dark that's so dope I mean
you're not really going to need
glow-in-the-dark swimming shorts in the
pool what alright so the rest of the day
I don't plan to leave the house because
I'm going to take care of a lot of stuff
I would check in with you guys in a
quick minute or a little it's going to
be a few seconds for you but it's going
to be maybe like a couple hours from me
yeah check in with you guys very soon
you know okay so I honestly don't even
remember what the last thing was a
hedgehog today now I was going to do
something like this vlog I'm probably
not even going to call this an episode
because it was super super short and it
was not worthy of having that title but
I wanted to do something oh yes reacting
I want to react to this video that I
uploaded on let me see I posted this
four years ago July 25th 2012 alright
let's watch this thing so the first ever
crew Keeks video is really on crew TV in
2012 so it has 50,000 views so I'm
pretty sure most of you guys haven't
even watched it you guys want to go back
and watch this I'll probably link it
down below guys I'm videotaping in a
first-person view today why do I have
height for playing in the background
that's like begging for the video to get
copyright stuff you got the Kobe
galaxies yo what is up with the creaking
background music
all right so we got Kobe seven galaxies
I got those from Toronto in my first
ever vlog from 2012 these are sitting at
home in the Bay Area
these are here sitting at home in the
Bay Area I love those shoes the Kobe six
is wow bra I don't know why it does okay
these were these right here the
janowski's were popping at a time
janowski's were super pop in and this
place in Irvine Spectrum they have like
a Herschel's whore least I don't know
what store they ever store over there
and they would do custom prints on the
side of your janowski's and I did
leopard print because I love leopard
print back in the day I like these read
these read straight janaki's or wet so
you had a few crazy though what is that
water bro hold up what is that oh my god
see back then like I I most of the stuff
I bought was just random stuff and it
was just I was always always been into
sneakers but I never could afford to
have like these types of sneakers so now
that I'm you know doing good in life and
I can afford these sneakers that's why I
always buy these hype stuff is because
that's because I'm making up for lost
time
I was super cringe in this video - I
don't know what's wrong with me I got an
idea my mom oh god I hope I threw the oh
okay these are dope I love the Katy
fours the best Katy of all time I still
have these these are so sexy I still
whooping these when I'm back home and
when I hope all these right here man
these I still have back home these are
my Nike ad kobe fours I put so many
miles on this shoe right here but I used
to play so many basketball games League
games it says amazing on the side why
was I buy so many Tom's what was wrong
with me go ahead right here oh my god
these were sick I love this I had to
create a sushi 70 vans I had I've been
on this bench
and orange bins that are kind of drew on
red and I hope you guys enjoyed it I
enjoyed it I love to garnish your
weather fear what is wrong with you all
right well that's going to be it for
today's episode pretty much like I said
this is not a full episode actually so
tomorrow is the huge announcement that
I've been hyping up for you guys and I
cannot wait to tell you guys like I'm
super super super excited to give you
guys is this huge news next Saturday
July 8th we will be in Dallas Texas for
sneaker con I will be releasing three
items I believe two shirts for the first
time one city gets two different shirts
that's the first time I've ever done
this I'm doing collab shorts and Dallas
I'll have two shirts and a pair of
shorts but I can't tell you guys who or
what the shorts look like because I
haven't even seen them yet they're in
production right now it's not with
sample because I know a lot of people
going to say it's sample it's not with
sample I'm doing with the collab with
sample in LA sneaker con which I'll show
you guys that stuff after that list
that's the announcement for today's vlog
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow with an official episode
tomorrow because tomorrow is the huge
huge huge announcement follow me on
snapchat you already know but pretty
much this side is done inside right here
has to be one of my favorite parts are
you so freaking let I'll show you guys
official pictures once it's all done
okay now turley done
you
that's rule prep but as districts divine
presence the ocean
