are you proud of looking plastic yes him
laughter you know what it is
ruff who did it man so much fireman so
much activism all right guys so today I
thought I would do another challenge
because the last one was such a it
wasn't a success but I had fun with it
so basically I was looking through my
wallet and I found a hundred dollar bill
and I said let me do another outfit
challenge and then I was like oh wait
better yet let me do something that has
never been done before
$100 supreme store challenge I'm going
to take this hundred dollars and I'm
going to see what I can get in the
Supreme store on Fairfax I'm currently
on Melrose I got my bike I'm a bike to
Fairfax but here's the problem is I
can't film in Supreme they've got like
gorilla bodyguards in there and if you
even pull out your camera to take a
picture they're going to tell you not to
do it I'm not going to mess with them
because I like to cream and I don't want
to have a bad rep with them so I'm going
to just go buy my stuff and then check
in with you guys afterwards and see what
I bought 100 I'll tell you guys in
advance I don't think that they're going
to have any clothing probably like some
hats or something like that so I don't
expect to get any dope outfit like that
let's see what we can get
alright guys so mission is complete I
did just leave the supreme store and I
got my hundred dollar challenge in I did
have some changeover but I'll cover all
of it and show you what I picked up when
I get back to the apartment who's
calling me someone's calling me
all of a sudden Oh
okay so the moment you guys have all
been waiting for the Supreme hundred
dollar challenge let me get my receipt I
spent $28 on one item and I spent $48 on
another item my total came out to $76
with sales tax of 6.65 cents so my total
came up to eighty two dollars and
sixty-five cents now the reason why I
couldn't really complete the rest of
that I had what 18 dollars left and I
didn't get anything because there was
really nothing else for me to buy first
of all which is a cool thing when you
buy something from Supreme usually
unless I'm wrong they throw stickers in
your back so I got two supreme stickers
these were totally free and they gave me
two of these I'm not going to probably
keep both of them probably put one on my
bike and then I don't know what I'll do
with the other one and then they gave me
this sticker which is I'm not going to
use this like I said earlier like you
can't really get like clothes and stuff
like that unless you camp out for
Supreme like it's rare that they really
have anything they did have one crewneck
sweater which was just solid and it was
crewneck and it had embroidered on the
side it said supreme but that was $130
so I couldn't copy it because it
wouldn't be part of I would be breaking
the rules of the challenge but first of
all this was what was $30 I got the
supreme pains white teas I originally
asked for the black what they only had
the white in my side so I got the white
one the packaging is pretty cool because
it's just a stuff on there so this is
three t-shirts in here thirty bucks it's
actually not a bad deal I mean you could
go to Target and get the same thing
without supreme on it for probably like
10 to 12 bucks I'm not sure supreme on
the inside so yeah that was 30 bucks of
the money and then this is where I was
like super surprised that they had this
they only had two of these in stock and
then they had one that was a blue
colored one but I got the white color
one because I thought it was super dope
this is a supreme and champion collab
hat and this whole collection of the
Supreme Champion collab has just been
it's like crazy like it sold out
instantly like reso's and it's retails
not soup
crazy but obviously everything on
supreme resale so I was surprised that
they had this for retail price was $48
like I mentioned on the receipt the Hat
itself is like a very very thin order
Roy you see that but if I wear with that
supreme thing hanging like was good for
him
I actually had all the supreme Pat's
three four years ago like I don't know
all they try to include some pictures of
me wearing them all of a sudden so yeah
that is the supreme challenge I think
for 80 bucks getting a nice supreme
champion hat as well as the Hanes
t-shirts and the free stickers a good
deal and I think that if you go most of
the time to supreme you're not going to
have any clothing there but they're
always going to have like hats and
little accessories and things like that
you just have to make sure you go on the
right day now I know that most of their
drops are on Thursdays and there's
already people camping for the drops say
that line ends and there happens to be
some stuff laying around Thursdays and
Fridays are probably the best days to go
to supreme so make sure you guys check
it out on those days now what am I going
to do about to actually go play
basketball I think while I go whoo I'm
gonna show you guys some sneakers that
I'm going to unbox or maybe I should
show you some basketball highlights I
don't think I'm going to film myself
hoopin actually I don't know I don't
know if I just film myself playing
basketball or not but if I do then I'll
see it in the next frame and if I don't
feel myself playing basketball then
we're going to see what's inside this
sneaker that I'm unboxing right now okay
what's in a box I had two packages one
of them I can't open because I'm saving
that for sneaker con LA and one of them
I can't open but I have no idea what the
hell this is
by the way I got to make an announcement
today don't forget I'm making an
announcement every single day this week
yesterday's announcement is that I'm
bringing crew kicks back with the new
video every week and I'll make my other
announcement after this but let's see
what the hell this is Oh what definitely
not a pair of shoes but it's got an
Under Armour logo on it Oh sick it's the
shades the largest the freshest and
yours to rock join us on June 27th
national sunglass day yup it's a thing
go figure
oh is that today August 20
I got this package yesterday we got
three glasses in there and then we've
got a little mirror like look you can
see my setup that's sick
Under Armour logo on there matte black
with a nice shine the first one I'm
gonna check out are these these are like
aviator style how you doing there but if
next up we got these right here okay
these ones are dope these ones for like
these would be good for like if I'm
running if I'm doing a nice little jog
yes I run well I'm going to start
running actually this one's a little
more subtle didn't that blue one but it
still got that sick purple glare brother
sweat I like that he's not ones that I'd
wear casually these are more like sporty
in my opinions I was totally unexpected
I had no idea that they were sending me
these okay so should we talk about
today's news let me get a drink real
quick yesterday's announcement like I
said was that I'm starting crew kicks
back up Friday's announcement is the
biggest announcement by the way here's
today's announcement two of my friends
two of my very good friends one of them
is Harris which you guys know and the
other one is Abdullah which you guys
have probably seen time-to-time he's in
all of my older videos basically me and
them have been coming up with an idea
and we really want to do this
and we actually took the step forward to
do it and we're going to be launching it
very very soon we are going to start a
dream crew official podcast a weekly
podcast the show will be run and hosted
by Harrison Abdullah every single week
out in the Bay Area but I will be on the
show time to time we will have special
guest
time-to-time it's going to be them
talking about everything in life not
just sneakers everything the crew talk
podcast will be coming very very soon
and that is the big announcement for
today so hopefully you guys are excited
for it I've got a lot of dope stuff
coming in the next few days and weeks
huge announcement on Friday a lot of you
guys already have put the puzzle pieces
together and you know the announcement
but yeah that's pretty much it and I'm
out of here thank you guys for watching
dream crew I'll see you guys tomorrow
