so I literally have been sleeping on my
couch the past like week because my
bedroom is so messy but I mean honestly
this house is pretty comfortable but
whatever yeah
before I start the day off I just want
to say that yesterday I didn't post the
vlog because I wanted to just keep the
success of that video going for one more
day at before I posted another video
which is something I used to do when I
used to post get a long time ago is I
wouldn't post anything right after
because I wanted people to just see that
that was the latest video that I
uploaded so I wanted to test it out with
how YouTube is these days so it's kind
of like it was like I had content like I
had a whole blog ready but I didn't I
decided to not to post it and I'm going
to take you back to yesterday because I
was actually spent most of the day with
Mina rewind to yesterday before we come
back to now so yeah yourself what
your face here step backs but I don't
like you fight back I've never seen that
like that you got what I need I don't
care what they say tell me what you're
going fee is at the end of this day I
just want to talk to you you've any
patient I just think like I just went
over the door for you understand oxygen
wall for you look at Starbuck let's talk
about my snapchat I pulled up to the
guys car I need like literally knocked
out yet and I probably sit up like five
minutes and I thought he's joking but he
was like dead serious and we're in the
middle of nowhere there was not 5 minute
it was I'm going to check my snapchat
just the time I sent you the pictures
you already posted it yeah no instead I
got I didn't know you're going to get
scared
oh yeah you're just looking at me from
the window this is because price dropped
like crazy
I take double what we got this therefore
I think it's safe to say that she's a
height beef officially no yeah I saw Tim
when I feel minimum take all the sizes
guys but it's okay how are you gonna
half because I have a fat foot in that
just want you know your home except for
like me and we're back so what's on the
agenda for today today is currently
Monday and one thing that's happening
today is Monday Night Raw at Staples
Center and unfortunately I'm an idiot
and I didn't buy tickets yet there's
literally no tickets available so I
don't know if I'm going to go I know
what everyone's saying is well it's just
hit up see geek to take you to
everything else but this was so
last-minute that there's no tickets
available like not even on the seat geek
there's like a couple left on seeking
but they're like super super high and I
don't want to sit super far and just
watch it on TV you know I'm saying today
is Monday and I'm going to do something
which I haven't done in a while which is
I'm gonna go to the gym all right so
great workout look at my freakin hairs
all over the place I jumped in the pool
after I ran on the treadmill it just
felt so good and relaxing and it's a
beautiful day out here in LA but your
boy needs to eat now so I'm gonna go
crabs oh my god what was that I'm going
to be watching the NBA award show so I
will be giving you guys my live reaction
to finding out who the MVP of the NBA is
if Russell Westbrook does not win we
riot I'm telling you right now as
Russell Westbrook does not win we riot
and now you're going to be like oh all
of a sudden Russell Westbrook friend all
of a sudden OKC fan like no shut up it's
not about being a fan of the OKC it's
not about being a die-hard fan of
Westbrook
I like Westbrook I think he's a freakin
great player I think he deserves it I
can have an opinion on other players
than Kobe and the Warriors you know what
I'm saying
I got to go eat and I got to go finish
up planning some stuff that I aim for my
big announcement on Friday yeah let's
get on the bike and go get some Subway
and apologies growing about where your
auntie mama always pretty modest 8x1 you
martyr talking on its feet
all right guys back at the crib now NBA
Wars is about to start I'm about to
watch it I was watching Monday Night Raw
and I was so freakin disappointed at
that the ball family was on Raw it was
so cringy I'm watching the NBA Awards
now because that's like live and if I
don't watch it now it's gonna be all
over social media and everyone's gonna
text me like in our group chats talking
about it so okay guys the word is about
to be given out oh this is Defensive
Player of the Year
I hope garrymon wins this one though
draymond Green yeah where's the other
half of his pants first
hey bro but he's a champion he can do
whatever the hell he wants honestly we
can all do whatever the hell we want
but people judge and you're here 2017
Kia NBA Most Valuable Player Award
Rockaway bras well deserved weld is
there my whole opinion on the award
shows I really don't like the format of
it I don't know maybe there's a lot to
learn I don't know I just like whatever
to me but basically I have these extra
pair of power phases are thinking what
I'm going to do with them and I think
what I'm going to do is have a little
bit of artistic fun I went and bought
some sharpies when I was younger I went
through a time where I was very lost and
confused and sad and I didn't know what
to do with I didn't know what my life
was I didn't know where I was going in
my life I didn't know what the point of
my life was at night I used to stay up
and I would just either look out the
window or I would draw it was like for
me away from me to just like get away
from the real road and I wouldn't have
an idea what I wanted to draw I just
would start drawing so that's probably
what I'm going to do right now is just
draw on this back area here because this
is like the part of the shoe that's not
really too plush like the leather appear
like that leather is really nice this
weather appears kind of stiff so I'm
probably going to go throughout this
holes have fun with it and just see what
happens so see how this goes
right now we constitute for granny so
does everyone I can live up to standards
about anyone I know you feel like I'm
the next big thing
if we talk only really if you're so far
so this is what if 30 minutes these all
these corners this one I am just can
keep it like that just like a lot of
heartbeat so we don't know what's going
on just it some like tears and it did a
whole bunch of triangles here but this
kind of spell something out figure out
this one it was my most completed slide
and it says dream drifting off into the
way a broken heart some some clients
running from the broken heart which I
thought was pretty cool and then just
some lines and then I left this side
blank to finish up but it's far from
done this is just the start of it I
think it looks pretty clean so far but
this one I'm going to go throughout this
whole area I'm going to stop at this
line right here so at this bitching I
might hit this area I'm not sure yet and
then I think I'm going to do this entire
back area so this process might take a
couple days and that is pretty much
going to wrap up today's episode hope
you guys did enjoy it again shout out to
everyone who supported the last video
which was the skit I can't say anything
yet but I will make one announcement
basically I have a lot of announcements
and I plan to make one every single day
of this week in each vlog episode so the
first announcement that I will make is
I'm not going to make a huge big deal
out of it because it should have been
done a long time ago I would like to
announce that starting July it will be
uploading on fruitcakes consistently now
here's where I'm going to start now I
don't want to prom
is five videos a week I'm not going to
promise three videos a week I'm going to
promise you guys one video a week every
week on crew kicks just to start out
just to get that channel rolling again
and see you guys tell you guys that I'm
getting active on it there will be a new
video every single Friday on crew cakes
I just want you guys to know that maybe
a lot of people have already given up on
that channel that's fine you have all
the reason to because I promise so much
stuff from that channel but I don't want
it to die you know I'm saying I don't
update old load on there consistently
but I do not want that channel to die so
starting July 1st Friday we will be
uploading a video and every Friday on
crew kicks you'll get a new video who
I'm gonna end the vlog there because I'm
tired so polities going about always
preaching honestly what do you want to
talk it
