the way the make the play so sneaker
YouTube huh
so the booze God is here and I'm going
to show you guys one of my new pickups I
just got this in the mail boots I
thought I'll switch things up a little
bit because you know I always give me
some adidas boots and I wanted to go
outside of my comfort zone I picked
these up for retail boost it's a little
different than when I'm used to on feet
but it's really good
got put these on the shelf with all the
rest of them what's good YouTube is 22
while checking it back at it like a
mother crack at it popping on them up
and said you already know what the kit
is today I'm going to be doing an
unboxing from champ sport you already
know what it is you got these you know
I'm totally clean
see the mother upper of the shoe it's
kind of like them that synthetic gas
mother you know I'm saying going sample
available you know that's coming soon I
don't know why people complain about
this quality you know I'm saying the
quality on this can har - you know I'm
saying and that landed a god can't
believe they had these at retail I got
the thumbnail right there popping out a
mother hands tan you already know what
it is smoke
you - what's up man - boy named Brian do
the goats and today I'm going to be
doing a much requested video I got these
Easy's right here too much requests
we're going to turn this into a Gatorade
Slurpee thingy I'm just going to drink
out of it because I don't have any cups
how many cups left so I'm just going to
use the easiest cup shock - let's do it
dirty I'll pour up in there so frickin
gel rough kapre another feature is this
video gets thirty thousand subs over to
my easy into a dildo yo yo yo what's
good everybody this is jocks play coming
at you guys with another sneaker in
boxing from Jordan brand that will make
all of my fellow YouTube sneaker guys
very very jealous so I just got this
package from Jordan Brandis was sent
directly from Jordan himself so let's go
ahead and find out what was in the Box
this is kind of a small package compared
to what they've sent me before but okay
so Wow Oh
fridge we've got the Jordan for Weston's
logo here it seems to be stainless steel
magnitude kind of like the Jordan 7/4
and let's go ahead and open this up
oh-ho yes we've got the COS fours right
here we've got full grandpa couch
leather above the upper of the shoe and
if you actually look directly through
the center yo-yo and that is it for
today's video thank you guys for tuning
in make sure you guys tune in tomorrow
I'll be doing an unboxing from Nike
tomorrow and here's a quick preview they
gave me a brand new car
okay what's up everybody this is - Jase
kick some urban accessories and today
I'm going to be showing you guys some of
my recent pickups from sneaker con New
York City shoutout to everybody who
showed us love out there I spent like
83,000 racks so first thing I want to
show you guys is this easy sample right
here this is one of one this was
actually worn by Kanye and then he gave
it to Northwest and then it ended up in
our shop and we've got sample tags right
there so you know let's legit next up we
stopped by the go yard store and I got
me a backpack this one was like 55 racks
and Joni wanted one too so I got heard
the duffel matching goyard backpacks at
sneaker con and then this next pickup is
a Grail I've been wanting this for a
while now I dropped about 25 racks on it
so I have to pick this up this is the
supreme toilet paper roll I am going to
keep this one dead stock unless I need
it for emergency - Jays kicks check it
out
Thank You Brianna right what's going on
guys this is Blake here AKA b sneak and
today if you guys get this vlog to
20,000 thumbs up i'm going to be giving
away these red Octobers so make sure you
guys do that I just left Melrose I cop
the CGG
hoodie it was pretty good I bought a few
screws today not too many just 10 pairs
the easies today that's some slight work
a few other things and then I also got
some players and then I got these today
and these are samples right here samples
got these thank you guys for watching
today's vlog and be sneek is out
sorry about that
alright guys so first of all that was
all a little joke that is not a dis no
shots fired to any of those sneaker
YouTube guys they're all my friends and
all my homies if you did enjoy it hit
that thumbs up comment down below who
you guys think was the best impression
that I did shout out to all those guys
again I will link all of their YouTube
channels down below if you want to see a
part 4 because there's a lot of them
that I left off the list in case we get
a part 4 hit that thumbs up if you are
new to this channel make sure you guys
please subscribe because when we reach 1
million subscribers I'm going to be
giving away 10 pairs of brand new Yeezys
that's right 10 freakin pairs of Yeezys
and that's it I'm out of here dream crew
family I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another video the world heavyweight
champion
