alright guys another beautiful day out
here in LA I'm currently on Melrose
instead of giving you guys another
regular Melrose blog I thought it would
spice it up a little bit so I'm going to
be doing an outfit challenge $200 pipe
beast outfit challenge but I don't want
to just you know challenge myself I want
to go against another youtuber so I
brought in someone special
oh hey there we go let's do it ready I'm
ready bro I be challenge has officially
started let's go so guys we are
literally just going to go up in down
Melrose and just find outfits for $200
that's the limit is there any rule maybe
not rules but like if you should pick
the shoes first
yeah that's strategy don't give me your
strategy
so my strategy for this basically it is
to get shoes first because if you're
viewing a high piece outfit guys start
with the sneakers I would say work your
way up I kind of like to match my shirt
to my shoes even though I'm not doing
that right now my goal is to spend less
than 120 on the shoe 120 or less is the
max so my strategy is to get shoes first
I know I'm going to go with vans
probably put bands or super-hyper right
now everyone's wearing them and then my
other strategy is to go with accessories
I might not be able to get cream shirt
or baby shirt or pants but I could get
like a supreme hat or a babe hat or some
type of accessory to add to the hype
that's my strategy if you guys didn't
know Blake's currently on his tour right
now he's went for a whole bunch of
cities it's crazy like you guys showed
so much love to him so I'm really proud
of him he's grown over the last year it
wouldn't be increa not for him not on me
I just gave him a little push and then
he took advantage and built his audience
off of that so it's dope to see other
youtubers grow friends and from that
first time we linked up in Vegas to now
man crazy aren't you going on - or not -
hello so this right here is the reason
why we're going to urban because this is
height beef on another level right now
oh and they got sale so sneakers are
definitely going to be the most
expensive thing that we use the $200 for
so I'm thinking about going with a pair
of vans because vans are super popping
right now I wear vans anyway right here
but no thinking these they're he's only
35 then I can I get like supreme or
something for the clothes then doesn't
matter about this yeah low key you would
have to get some like high peaks office
with an off-white socks like $60 make up
for it okay every store we go to we keep
leaving because we're like all right we
got to go get shoes first so we want to
check out cool kicks and round - first
before we start buying the clothing Oh
or you can win it in the human yeah you
with it in the keymaster that's risky
though Oh
damn I might have to try I think I'm
going to risk $10 all right like a Honda
but this isn't like Heights right now so
I might have to pass on this what about
you
well I don't think it's my size so I'm
at the pad looks like a nine okay so I
broke my hundred and I haven't bought
anything yet I'm going to play the
keymaster and hopefully win I'm only
going to spend like ten dollars I think
I'm just going to go with ten dollars if
I can win a shoe for ten dollars
my budget for the outfit itself will be
on another level now you have the $190
outfit control muscle control myself so
what did you fund they have these for
120 they don't have a box but I'm not
going to wear the box anyways maybe
they'll do like a hundred cash okay I'll
see Joe hi Joe mondo hi there you go oh
my god hey I get is Robbie
all right guys around to wives now let's
see what they got
okay so then find anything in round two
and one thing that's kind of affecting
me is like worrying about impressing you
guys but I should be just trying to
build an outfit that I would actually
wear so I'm going to focus on my style
which a lot of people make fun of but I
think I just pretty dope so it is what
it is all right so the challenge is a
little harder than expected I'm actually
going to go back to urban most of my
outfit is going to come from urban got
to show you guys that you can build a
high piece outfit for $200 that is the
main goal here you make work oh my god
you're going to buy bands you can't even
state I missed a but this thing is a
small bro or those Gray's that might be
better
got just simple black and simple olives
but it's like the kind that goes with
these because I'm like weird like that I
gotta have matching but I'm gonna have
like $40 that 41 to be exact so I'm
gonna get some kind of accessories or
maybe a hat maybe some other stuffs but
that's how you guys pop it on
shoe pallets on Melrose get a new
restock on all your damn van so they
didn't have any so I got to leave and
keep looking for shoes
these are actually pretty willing isn't
a person asked for it okay hopefully
they have these here dollar portable
alright guys so we are heading back to
the Adidas store in shoe palace because
I'm going to get the all-black adidas
t-shirt to complete my outfit and I will
still have some money left over that's
the good part the reason why I want to
do this is I was going to get like a
graphic tee or something like that from
Urban but none of them would actually be
ones that I would wear I'm getting this
camo a different shirt camo is super
poppin right now so this would be a
great addition to the outfit this is
what's going on right now my outfit is
not complete his outfit is complete but
he has to leave what he's gonna do is
show you guys his pickup is $200
challenge and then I'm gonna go complete
my outfit and then after that then you
guys get decide for your big one so
basically go to shows that have know how
much you paid for everything and go
actually I got this last I've been
wearing snapback a lot recently la
people think giving me fat backs I just
got just like nice simple adidas 126
dollars got that at the end because I
had like 40 bucks left anyways for the
shoes camo and MDX are one these are
super nice I paid $100 cash for these
that cool cake or that Urban Outfitters
I've got like a hallway ski just like
plain is actually like the same main
upper part of the NMD xr1 and in the
black shorts and actually have zipper
pockets on the side which are perfect
overall I think it was $181 just about
thank you for the challenge tell em I
won in the comments I know I dressed bad
but maybe a little bit better
no look maybe they got to see my
complete fit - it doesn't matter just
type my name right now in the comments
help myself yeah you need that are you
going to go to Turner you're going to
keep it no I might keep it
okay so I've got a little bit of a
complication now I have a slight another
advantage over Blake is I have more time
to complete this outfit well he was
already done with his so it doesn't I
guess it's not really an advantage I
went to undefeated to get the bait map
they didn't have it no freaking supreme
or babe for the outfit which I'm kind of
disappointed in yeah it sucks but all
right I'm gonna head back to the crib
now show you guys what I bought and
hopefully my outfit wins even though
it's super super simple not really hyped
as I wanted it to be yeah let's go see
my outfit I think I get more points
because I have a lot left over I almost
eighty dollars left over and it's not
like I was trying to have that leftover
like I wanted to buy stuff but
unfortunately like all the stores and
that lady closed early $50 for the vans
right here these are like the original
vans right here you can't go wrong with
this and then shirt we got the camo
adidas shirt $27 camo because camo super
popular this summer as well so I like to
be comfortable during the summer time
it's hot out here so you got the little
champion logo right there champion has
made a huge comeback this past year 25
dollars and then to top it off
distressed high right here to this
stress hat I think my outfit is pretty
sick I mean it's simple very high PC but
without like supreme and babe this is
the maps that I wanted to buy in the
green colorway it would have completed
it and made it extra high beast worthy
from what you guys saw comment down
below who you guys think won this
challenge was in me or was a Blake win
let me know if you guys want me to do
more videos like this and that's not the
end of today's vlog actually because I'm
about to get ready and go to a Puma
event
so I just got to downtown and about to
hit up this event I'm a little late
started about an hour and 20 minutes ago
the white board Eric how many of these
are involved twelve yo shout out to Fran
was good
cowboy sandal boy hook up from the tatto
voice real life yeah you know grace
wages I'm not going to show what's on
your feet right now
so yeah he's a great way whoo-hoo yeah
it's like it has a hole cause my camera
right now sucks cuz I'm using the small
one yeah man does though thank you bro
appreciate it always looking out now
cool event has ended very very early at
10 p.m. I'm leaving shout out to Fran
for giving me some more sandals I was at
the pool event and funny because I got a
package today I didn't know what it was
and it's actually from Puma and it's the
shoes I just showed you from the event
so let's go back to the crib and unbox
it you know what my jaw just hit the
intro now you feel me what's in a
yeah yeah yeah yeah I got two things to
open for you shout out to my boy swagman
Diddy he sent me this t-shirt this is
his new shirt cover or note right here
people come and go but clocks always
stay ticking one through twelve making a
clock and then on the sleeve the 100
right here because you know swagger is
dropping 100 ok so as I was telling you
guys unboxing from Puma this is probably
most likely a hundred percent to collab
with pink dolphin the second collab I
believe second or third I can't remember
this is a collab with pink dolphin
actually like this shortens pretty dope
it came out good so let's go ahead and
open it up
the lighting in there the second color
will look white back is furry it's like
a cotton for a material right there the
rest of the shoe is a very nice suede
maybe blue with the writing on the sides
all over the shoe actually and then the
clear midsole he look at the bottom it's
got that pink dolphin designs got that
black pair saying details as far as a
materials and quality again that caught
in pinkish back design all black suede
upper with the white riding on there I'm
not sure what that says but that's
something you see a lot on pink dolphin
yeah man just Thank You Puma they've
been showing a lot of love lately I made
they see the crew vision they understand
what's going on with our movements or
shout out to Puma make sure you guys
support the provement movement they're
on the rise they got a lot of dope
people working with them like we on a
Big Sean to weekend there's a bunch of
dope stuff coming out all right well
that's all I have for unboxing today so
yeah thanks for watching this edition
now back to you guys alright guys so
quick little outro this is actually the
day you're watching this I just wanted
to end the vlog because I didn't do it
yesterday I've got a huge announcement
in tomorrow's vlog biggest news that I
that I'm going to give you guys all year
long this isn't announcing just another
merge this isn't announcing you know
just some average news this is huge news
that I'm super excited about as I've
been telling you guys I have so many
things in the works and I haven't been
able to tell you guys because it's not
finalized but I finally got to go ahead
to tell you guys so tomorrow's vlog I'll
be making a huge announcement and
tomorrow's vlog is actually going to be
more of like a skit but that's all I'm
going to tell you guys because I don't
want to spoil it too much thank you guys
for watching again comment down below
who you guys think had the better outfit
for the outfit challenge myself or Blake
way and comment down below also
subscribe to him I'll link his channel
down below if you guys want to check his
channel out and just thank you guys for
watching this episode and I hope you
enjoyed it that's it reowww me
