Lonzo ball long zoom boom thoughts
before we get into speaking the wall
you're talking like me so I'm headed to
Anaheim right now and I'm going to my
first ever vid con I'm not there to like
you know do a beat up or anything like
that I don't even think people are gonna
know who I am I'm RELIGIOUS small
youtuber compared to some of the people
that show although I'm just going
because after than watch she got me a
path to get it I don't know why my
network couldn't get me in but it's
whatever and I'm gonna go just hang out
with them in this revive my goal today
because I was thinking like what can I
do at VidCon that's gonna kind of be
like that relates to me and I think a
video that did really well which was
calling out youtubers got fake I'm gonna
see if any of these youtubers are trying
to stump fakies at VidCon Wolfie man
we'll see i'ma go check out what
vidcon's all about so let's go alright
guys so linked up with Ausmus it was
good unfortunately what she had to leave
but I got his past so we creator's that
were youtubers guys just so many people
with this path though there's so many
creators this is not our this is not my
audience so I don't expect anyone to
come up to me like IKEA life is in a few
weeks and we're out here for sneaker con
at the same Convention Center it's going
to be little guy someone actually
recognized me
our guys over in the convention right
now surprisingly a few people did come
up to us which is pretty dope and shout
out to those people but we're just
walking around now and checking out the
vibe free hugs
bro what stop about the scope of it I
mean whole video about it so sorry he
made that I made that I want to I
want to staple made a Photoshop copy of
it made a fake passes hold on who are
you you go to one you good call that but
and by GV whatever everybody check out
simplicity films on YouTube all the
sudden check about y'all check them out
okay not you alright guys so the first
thing we're doing right now is going on
the ninja warrior ramp we got to go all
the way up there and climb it I'm
actually going to do it I'm is nervous
hell yeah oh yeah oh yeah you think the
niggas you wait and get you can I say
hell yeah I'm good under pressure
three-point champion Jordan you already
know what it is like let me show you
this guy River
oh my god
I mean you should do it waiting for
senators Boehner vez and a hell is
waiting they should at Oxley PR you get
when you get grip up at totally thanks
IQ that's why I feel like it's going to
split this is so funny watching other
people go over
I don't want to slide down cuz I don't
want to mess up my my babe Jersey like
you fill me tonight
fragile alright are you ready go for it
good
I'm getting that grip up there No
Oh
yeah upper strangers why should I went
to the gym
I got bars in here though carpet coming
down burnt the side of my V's to the
defeat but I got further than Achmed I'm
happy I could have pulled myself up like
I don't have any upper strength I got to
go to the gym but that's not going to
happen your you know what it is
yo shiny I reckon I'm here bro really
zeros it got bizarro on there
yo is crazy that sneaker con is going to
be here in a few weeks like we're going
to have a basketball court here the
hoops classic July 22nd and 23rd it's
going to be so lit man that's a job
we've run out of things to do here I
don't know what else to do like we're
just walking around enjoying it
my bad have a camera bag I didn't have
up today it's cool man I'm just tired
bro pretty much walking for me man did
together no no we already did like two
months ago
all right guys so my goal of finding
fake IDs here at VidCon has become a
fail and the reason for that is just
because there's no like creators out and
about because they all get mobbed and
things like that so it's hard to like
actually find any of these guys our guys
so we left VidCon and it was cool good
vibes you know I'm saying
we had to come eat because your voice is
hungry man we is super super hungry this
almost come to eat and we're out here
and I'm about to go to this place called
famous burger I don't know we might stay
at my sister's apartment tonight because
they live close by and just hang out and
then we might come to VidCon tomorrow
I'm not sure yet it's like like the
little run and it like yeah
bruh this burger right here is freaking
fire I cannot wait to eat this look at
this
and that's turkey bacon guys not real
big and I don't really eat real bacon
onion rings up in here soir Kamali on
the side I had to request the ranch and
you know you are guys so as we're
driving I kind of wanted to talk about
something real quick and fire Kings can
give his opinion on it either you're a
Lakers fan born and raised in the LA
area so you can kind of give your
opinion on the number two pick of the
draft
Lonzo ball long zoom thoughts before we
get into speaking the walk not only is
he a Laker
he is a UCLA alumni and which I am as
well either you saying I'm not Lonzo
himself I see them I've seen him at
Alonzo himself I've seen him as a humble
person empowered Alonzo himself I have
seen himself being a very humble person
I don't see him saying I'm the best like
I'm better than curry I'm better than
that but the thing is he has such a
negative light because of his dad and
everything that's going on I don't think
it reflects who he is as a person
I just really hope he's not over height
and Lakers do how he's makes it even
interesting because as a Laker fan you
see there has been interesting I'm glad
he go left
D'Angelo like it was good like he left
without Brook Lopez not too happy about
that either but magics cooking something
hopefully you can turn it around make
the game more interesting more fun
that's what I'm hoping he has a lot a
lot of friends and whether it's good or
bad
his name is being used a lot yeah I made
a video about it before when they gave
us lots of all speakers for a CEO
the co2 a few of my opinions have
changed on that shoe they debuted a new
colorway today and new colorway was a
Laker colorway they put it up for
pre-order what I originally said is that
the price was way too high which it is
$500 that is insane that is stupid Nike
and Anita's and almost grandstand offer
the contract so they when they use their
own brand and they create an issue which
is I respect that I respect the hot
movie his own entrepreneur I think was
it wasn't you didn't good night energy
is going to give them a contract or just
declined them from what the rumors are
they didn't offer him a contract because
their dad was saying some weird
they don't want his dad to be a
reflection of what the brand is directly
so you know if they find him they feel
like they're signing is that the next
thing is I roasted the shoe because I
said it was ugly like it is ugly it's
ugly it looks like a palest Shack shoe
it looks ugly but on his complex
interviews he said that he used other
shoes he likes to create this in his
head which I mean it's kind of dumb if
it's your own signature shoe but then I
kind of related to me creating my
version I you I'm not sorted laughs you
can do the same exact take stuff if you
like to make our merch for our own you
put our own twist to it again his trip
will be on it that's something that we
do the exactly so that's why we can't
hate on on that that aspect yeah and he
literally said he created a shoe out of
his own vision all the things he likes
off I went when I heard him say that it
kind of made me appreciate this shoe I
still think it's ugly and I think they
should have made the midsole look like
boots because that's dumb ecology but I
got a I know it said I would be
hypocritical and the inspiration part
the reason for it but the design itself
we don't like but the process that took
or the reason behind it we appreciate
that but not like the the design
I just wish I order still made it better
even if it was inspired by others yeah
you can remain in a better rush yeah I
don't know the way sheep honestly the
biggest thing is means performance-wise
oh yeah you're playing an NBA game like
I don't know you don't have Nike
technology adidas technology like those
people work so hard on technology to
perform in the game at a high level but
I don't know that she's going to work
like the grip vine are you going to move
back and forth like that I think that
matters a lot performance-wise more than
anything like you didn't even wear let's
let's note that this he did not wear the
shoe during his Laker try try try out
and the reason for that is I don't think
he made a statement on it I could be
wrong but I think it's he didn't want to
risk a malfunction during that crucial
time because that decided whether the
Lakers were going to drop them so
instead of you know taking the risk and
wearing his own shoe that might fall
apart or that might it might hurt his
feet because he hasn't done an intense
workout probably with that shoe he went
with the James Harden volume one so
that's our Zeo to the rock Lorenzo what
does a long hold all the Renzo's and
that uh that's from our fear of God
you already got your blog that's a bike
not my nozzle boys so ok yo so I'm back
home now no my hair is a mess but I just
took off my hat I'm watching some
YouTube videos as I like kind of clean
up and get ready to start editing but
shout out to my man Brandon I was
watching his video yeah he'll be playing
in the hoops classic in l.a and the
roster is looking pretty lit at the
moment and don't forget Dallas New York
on us first so Dallas and then LA and
then Hong Kong sneaker con is in August
which is crazy that I'm going to Hong
Kong if you didn't know we're coming to
Hong Kong so shout out to my Hong Kong
dream crew family I'm scared to eat over
there but it's going to be fun and then
the weekend after is going to be
Australia and then after Australia is
going to be Atlanta so I will be at all
the speaker cons as always VidCon was
cool we decided not to stay an extra day
we are not going to go to VidCon again
for day three I think it is it was so
cool to check out the vibe of it I'm a
sneaker contact a guy that's my lane I'm
going to stay in my lane I come home man
I'm coming home as always I'm coming
home two boxes one box and two boxes I
got a huge box to end the vlog I want to
do the unboxing so I know some people
don't like the unboxings in the vlog so
you can leave right now if you want but
if you want to see what I'm unboxing
then stay tuned for that
who keeps texting me what's in the box
hey there I'm going to keep the first
one quick because the second one it's
important
every once in a while I get a little
surprised restock on my apartment stock
of prep your text every day every vlog
of July I'm going to be giving away a
CREP protect Mini care package so make
sure you guys stay tuned for that in
July prep rotate give away every single
vlog episode of next month so yeah
basically this is the restock they sent
me from got a whole bunch of crap
protector packages this is the sneaker
solution one of my new favorite products
the correct protect pill and fell down
there but that does that the wipes I
love the whites the wipes are beautiful
I love when there's boxes inside of the
boxes you get to double the box so
technically this is like a triple x four
or four Taekwon dropo unbox I don't know
what I said
the CREP attacked spray it might be a
hot very hot day and you drink in that
lemonade and then whoops you spill it
and lands on your shoes curb protect got
you covered head to your local sneaker
shop Foot Locker chance sports they all
carry crap Patek now so yeah mostly
press in the games that's why I support
it my neighbors have definitely hate me
for these late-night in boxing ok now
let's get a little close because we're
going to get a little personal here I've
been waiting for this unboxing for a
minute all I want to say before I open
this up is that I have so much love so
much love for all of my crew family in
Cleveland you guys show so much love you
guys had one of the best sneaker cons
this year and last year Cleveland show
so much love I love every single one of
you guys but when it comes to NBA
basketball we beat you twice and then da
finals you beat us once by one game by a
few points
this isn't towards any of my crew family
this is dedicated to the people that
were trolling me after game for the
people that were yelling in my face
calves and seven calves and seven this
unboxing is for you guys I created a
little montage for you guys and I call
it we are the champions
so this is the 2017 MBA world champion
gear okay so basically I ordered a few
hats and these are the super plain I
like the one on my head more but this is
the one day wore when they actually won
warriors 2017 world championship hat
this is the one they throw on their
heads as soon as they want the
championship adidas logo this is the
patch that says five championships NBA
champions Golden State Warriors logo in
the center with the trophy and then on
the back it says champions at the NBA
logo NBA champion Golden State warrior
t-shirts I also ordered one more that
hasn't came yet I don't know why you
should separate
it feels good man because we are the
champions
my draft is crazy all these trades
recently have been crazy but next year
is going to be interesting that is going
to be really interesting but I think
it's going to be warriors and calves one
more time four times in a row I think
this might be the last showdown that's
it man
unboxing my stuff hopefully this today's
episode was up to par for my people
