you know it's been a very very long time
that came to Burbank for mag Barrington
talk to Mickey I haven't seen him since
ACOG oh I want to check out what they
got in stores and there's like a whole
bunch of stuff I haven't seen and see
what's happening at back party at field
so I walk in and first thing I see is
this wall zebras this is the new pair
this is the one that comes up this
weekend unfortunately I just couldn't
get it on the confirm a production date
on this one is different than the last
one I don't know where the tag is so
that means that they just remade them
rather than like you know just having
some help back from the last relief so
yeah they got a mat Mac oh they got that
wavy baby been a minute we haven't seen
you since we took the El in Chicago oh
man I've gotta but you go get one in two
in LA or what yeah we go all for that
Devon LA hopefully we're on the same
team though yeah hopefully I'm no Joe I
got screwed over I'm it's good we got
the W though and he knows it these are
their champion shirts yeah holy seat oh
it's all embroidery bruh high-quality
black ones lighting is bad that the
black ones blue ones not all in use them
how did you do this I want to do that on
shirt that I'm doing for possibly
complicated as this is what the inside
of according to looks like four years is
from 2000
one hour drive Brian Brian come on out
come out right is like the obviou is the
best captions you can don't need the
world the last night found manual
compound pedia since I had to give her
the knowledge on this sneaker right here
and what wanted so this is the air unit
of an Air Jordan to only people down oh
yeah absolutely mum
so it's a little bit different than the
Air Jordan 1 which is only a front and a
back
air unit so this one kind of goes full
foot this was before this is the last
model to feature a non visible air unit
on an Air Jordan and it's an actually
first model that was made outside of
like usual production areas which is
North Korea so the air turned to was
Italian made leather produced in Italy
super expensive I don't know man
and turned to yeah hey Ramon its daily
daily knowledge on his IG captured like
that it's freaking crazy I don't know
how this all apart I put it on oh you
wore oh design their side expire your
size 5 it was are you talking
underscores you know you like that I
mean I'm just going to get home
somewhere
what's with the pressing okay so I
don't need any of the wavy baby stuff
but let's go see what they have upstairs
because they like reopen like the
upstairs of MAG drop it's not I mean of
Matt Clark now it's called the mag hype
so it's all like hype everything like
this
ah
shouts oh my Heidi's best friend Matthew
Instagram is okay so I'm
getting two items right now possibly we
got this all 3m windbreaker jacket like
if you take a photo with this and you
see how three like it's crazy 3m on here
and then I already have the Michael
Jackson shirt but I saw this it's like a
button oh and it's got that red MJ on
the back I thought this was so freaking
dope it was either black or white and I
went with the white one just because I
have a whole outfit plan for this and
I'm like the same thing I got a look at
the sneakers so here's the deal guys I
made a deal with Mickey so if this vlog
gets how many thumbs thirty thousand
think thirty thousand they didn't hit
thirty thousand last time and when I was
giving away baby phone case thirty
thousand thumbs up guys and I'm gonna
come work at Mac Park for one day like a
real employee like my first day working
at a sneaker store it's all in your
hands all right guys I got quite a few
things here a lot of things here I'll
show you guys all the pickup's later
tonight I got actually go ahead a little
ways hold on who's calling me what are
you doing
get off work yeah yeah I'm leaving mag
park I bought some supreme stuff with my
store credit
why because I haven't been here for a
month so they had a whole bunch of new
stuff I want to be a high priest why
because that's what life I live I was
born and raised the high speed while I
wasn't raised to high peace different
stuff I'll show you tonight when I get
home but I gotta go rush to Milwaukee's
house they're making chicken so I'm done
with that okay so currently headed to
Othman in watch G's house in a minute
since I've seen them I haven't seen them
since Chicago either like what's going
on go most stop lying basically it is
why G West's birthday so we're going to
go over there and grab some dinner with
them say hi and you know spread some
positive vibes share the love you know
I'm saying where is love these days I
don't know where the love is where's the
love we'll pull up with the wig on to
see if they notice if my hair has gotten
hella long because they haven't seen me
and so all the more wear my hat on top
this is actually up midweek that's the
funny part
so I kind of touched it in the back of
my face that's more like realistic but
let's see what you say wrong with you
wrong with you there's a log yeah I know
I'm drawing it out Oh cute yeah you
 you there's a hat I draw my hair
wait how could you I mean is give it
that long look it all just good good
food single icky I need that buddy
yeah all right guys so I come over we
had a great little dinner and Ahmed
gives me all this stuff to go home and
unbox because this is all from the peel
box
I don't ever check it after I checked it
but he always gives me the packages so
if we don't go home right now here we go
find out what's in all these packages
for a very well overdue peel box
unboxing what's in the box so guys we're
back again I think Moses closer so
here's the deal I know a lot of my
recent episodes have been like half days
and then it ends up me being something
here unboxing stuff
I feel like let me know if you guys like
me unboxing stuff all the time because I
feel like some people might not like
that and they feel like I'm just half
asking it by throwing in unboxings but
in reality it's just I get exciting for
the unboxings and I feel like that's
what makes certain episodes dope is the
element of surprise of what I'm going to
unbox next but I would love to hear you
guys is feedback and one more thing
before I open up all these packages is
please spread positive energy throughout
the vibes of the comments regardless of
what I say or what I do
it's not going to stop because there's
always going to be trolls on YouTube who
want to get the top comment I don't know
what do you get out of having the top
comment I have no idea but it's going to
happen so the only way we can prevent
the comments from being so negative is
from overpowering it with positive
energy so shout out to everybody who
brought positive energy to yesterday's
vlog yeah
now let's see what we got my ears are
like annoying really loud at night
oh whipped up so this is from a guy
named Robert and he said here's a gift
for the little angel thank you that's my
niece he's referring to and it's from a
website called sup poop la this is for
my niece I'm going to actually make her
wear this like that that's actually
really really dope I like that a lot of
primo go but it's a poop and then it's
got the pooping emoji thank you that's
dope I'm going to give this I will put
it I'm gonna put her in this for sure
when I see her I this one is already
open for some reason shaft knit okay
that movement heightened movement so I
guess this is supposed to go with the og
nmds so it's actually pretty cool thanks
Kane my name is Dawson and I recently
started a clothing brand called rare
young Walt Disney right there that's it
appreciate that one I think
Osment opened all my bag to see if there
was any candy in there thank you so much
guys for your hard work on YouTube have
been watching you for most one year and
a half I've been a long subscriber here
than the channel I started my own brand
called detailed and why the details life
oh and it's embroidered good detailing
get it I'm gonna actually send this to
my pure box this is from hacks project
they need to do well what the hell one
two three this is actually pretty cool
it right here you know saying on the
inside with that furry material camo
vibes Melvin Levett on this right here
pretty dope man this is a wrap up of
what is in the box in this very long
edition
