here today so earlier today I got a
package and I wasn't even expecting it
so let's start off the day by finding
out what was in the box right
okay never mind get the intro what's in
the pot okay I have no idea who or where
this box is from but I'm gonna be honest
with you guys it is a little heavy oh
okay I got an email recently from the
NBA pretty crazy the NBA is no longer
going to call the d-league doodlee right
from now on it's called the NBA d-league
and they reached out to me and they said
we want to send you some stuff so G
represents Gatorade right here so
Gatorade league t-shirt this is ask for
EXO this is a large we got ourselves a
towel right here this is pretty sick a
g-league upside down towel there are
some of the heavy duffle bags I guess we
could say what's inside the bag
there's definitely Gatorade in here
Gator a since it is the G League we've
got this flavor right here what is this
black berry wave we got the black berry
way you guys that's why this thing was
so heavy some fuel bars I guess this is
like you know get your energy up you
come insert your face doesn't work out
comment down below haha so original so
more bars right here and I are you
talking about my flow hahaha bad jokes
that's a bad joke so thank you NBA
d-league and Thank You Gatorade for
sending this over to me it was pretty
dope hopefully it's not the same
unboxing that you see on like 50 other
channel feel like I just had a good ass
gamer coach already put me at Bravo
coach you see this three-point champion
we're at HomeGoods right now and we're
buying home goods
my brother-in-law and my sister just
moved to Orange County so that's why
I've been like with the baby so much
she doesn't like shopping after vlog
hold the camera like this we got to
teach you at a young age okay you guys
start making YouTube money I've done and
put your hand to it man put your hand on
the camera she's going to have to start
her a little later in life part of the
interruption I've got a very very
important unboxing for you what's in the
pot trust me this is very very important
that I had to just end the vlog with
this unboxing see the reason why this
unboxing is so important because it not
only benefits me but it benefits see you
guys because I'm going to be giving you
guys a very special code I don't even
have to cut down the middle tape is over
off I'm gonna do it anyway to look cool
there we go I've got an unboxing from
wavy baby as you guys know I recently
did a collaboration with wavy baby we
did away the crew collection everyone
who ordered it was super surprised at
the quality and the quality on it was
amazing so shout out to everybody who
did order it what I'm about to show you
guys right now is part of their new
collection so this isn't the collab
stuff this is part of the new collection
and like I said this is going to benefit
you guys because I'm just going to throw
it out there right now you guys can get
30% off with my promo code wavy crew so
if you want to pick up any of this stuff
or this stuff on their website all you
got to do is use the promo code wavy
crew and get yourself a discount and you
know what after I show you guys this
stuff I got another surprise for you a
very very huge surprise if you did like
that first collab we did so stay tuned
for that let me open all this stuff up
first things first we got the
long-sleeved white
embroider this is actually stitched in
there so it's good quality it is I know
too much at the is spelled EU ie and
then on the sleeves cancellation over
the eyes so that's the first t-shirt
great summertime long-sleeve tee when
it's not too hot outside and then this
one is short sleeve actually and it says
the same thing on the front this one is
not embroidered on the writing but it is
embroidered right here on this design on
the back of the shirt
wavy baby these next four are my
favorite items now this color is a
little bit out there it's very very
bright so like I said my favorite color
is orange I don't know if I can wear
these two together I'd probably do like
the black sweatpants with the hoodie or
do the sweatpants with like a black
hoodie I want to wear them together but
we got the orange sweatpants right here
if it on these are amazing the thing I
wrote the most about these pants is that
ankle cuff is very very nice it sits so
well on sneakers I love it on the pants
right here as you guys can see we've got
that logo one more time again it is not
just printed on there and then we've got
the matching hoodie right here that is
the way baby alternate logo right there
super sick on the back says wavy babies
these ones are the great ones we got
wavy baby over the front crotch area now
I know a lot of people are kind of iffy
about that but I really like that style
because it's it's kind of like wearing a
t-shirt on your lower body and when I
say that it means that like when you
wear a t-shirt you represent and it's on
your chest but sometimes with pants and
shorts you can't really do that but a
new style that has been kind of like
popular lately is putting it on just
like the front of your pants and let
people know like you know this is a wavy
baby sweatpants and then I believe these
ones are sweat shorts which I'm really
excited about because it is super hot
out here in LA yes these are the sweat
shorts so these are the wave your baby
sweatshirt short it's kind of like it
has that biker print to it right there
as you guys can see and it says wavy
baby
I says wavy on one leg and it says baby
on the other leg but then at the bottom
it's kind of like cut off so yeah man
thank you to wave your baby for sending
me the new collection definitely these
will be going on my body very very soon
like oh yeah and they saw sent me the
baby boo hat I have this one actually so
I don't know why they sent me this
on but I have this one so thank you but
if I would give this to Mina or
something okay so like I said I do have
a little surprise for you guys so check
this out so a lot of people who weren't
able to get the the collab that we did
the wave you baby dream crew collab a
lot of people tweeted us saying like hey
please bring it back we didn't get it
well guess what just for you guys the
people that missed out we have restocked
the wavy baby dream crew collab it is on
the website right now links are in the
description box if you want to pick up
any pieces but for their before they are
gone forever like forever this is the
last time we're doing it the way baby
dream crew collab it's available again
right now restock get it before it's
gone if you want to pick up any of this
stuff get it before it's gone from the
new collection
shout out to my dream crew for
supporting raver baby and supporting
myself and supporting our collabs we
hopefully this will lead to more dope
things that we do together but we need
your guys's support so pick it up again
the quality's a one man word you don't
sleep on this stuff it's really really
dope really really comfortable and again
shout outs wake you baby for showing me
love thank you for working with me thank
you guys for tuning in for today's
episode and I know it wasn't super long
or super crazy or whatever whatever
whatever but you guys keep coming back
and I appreciate that so thank you one
last note before I head out of your
dream crew family or if you're not part
of the dream crew family joined a dream
crew family you know why because I'm
given away ten pairs the easies when we
reach 1 million subscribers we're
currently at like seven hundred and
forty thousand so let's do baby steps
hopefully we can get to eight hundred K
by maybe the end of the month I don't
know if it's possible but anybody
subscribing and any one of you guys to
subscribe will help out to that and
contribute and let's get to that million
subscriber mark really appreciate it
the rest of the crew will appreciate it
and I think your feet will appreciate it
because you'll probably have some
freezes on them ok that was a mouthful
I'm tired life what is life I'm out of
here
I got nobody in my mind sometimes I wish
I had to but I don't touch my I guess
it's okay - okay
