good morning sleep your heads in order
to be the biggest hi beast you've got to
have a high peace lifestyle
today I'm gonna show you guys five ways
to make that lifestyle easier with five
hypebeast life hacks number one as a
hype beast you gotta dress like a high
peace but sometimes you want to keep
stuff you know in crispy conditions just
in case you want to sell it or just save
it for later so what I did is I ordered
these little bags off of Amazon and they
were super cheap like 30 bucks for like
a hundred of them put your shirts in
them you got to fold them up nice
keep them air sealed and got to worry
about no dust getting on them and does
the job perfect next up supreme stickers
you know we all get these when we buy
supreme they're easy to come across and
you can put them on anything you know
basic stuff like a little hoop and
whatnot or you can be creative with them
and like cut them up and put them on
dope stuff like this dongle what I'm
gonna do today is use it to put it on my
Nintendo switch I really recommend
buying a switch because this thing is a
lifesaver when you travel and yes it has
this little thing on the back for a
stand we're gonna work around that with
an exacto knife this is what being
creative with the sticker means because
we could just throw it on there and
leave it but if you work around the
stand it's gonna look sick once you cut
it up you got to be very very careful
when you're putting it on make sure you
guys get the edges then we're gonna cut
off the extra part of the sticker so
that you can put the switch controllers
back on there and bam it looks flawless
but again we do need to cut around the
stand and voila look at that now
everyone's gonna know I'm a height beast
on the plane when I'm traveling
off-white off-white is one of the most
popular brands in the world right now
and every time you buy a shirt it's got
that little tag on it those little
rubber thingies but what if you made an
off-white keychain all you got to get is
the little keychain ring where you can
just take it off on your keychain take
the tags off the shirt get rid of the
shirt but you know the shirt is still
lit so yeah look at that and then you're
just gonna put it on the little rubber
thingies whatever you want to call them
and you got yourself an off-white
keychain now I recommend put them all on
one because it looks pretty cool I'm
gonna hang it on my dream coupe
label bag you know I'm saying hit that
promo in there even though the bag
already sold out and yeah just look at
that
got an off-white bag now next up these
high beast masks you know we have the
babe ones the off-white ones I got these
command wall hangers you can get these
at like Target or Walmart basically what
you do is you just take off the red side
put it on there at the black side is for
the wall and then BAM you can hang your
face masks and it looks super dope you
can even hang a supreme shovel if you
want it's pretty durable and then when
you're done you just take it off and you
pull down and it does not leave any
damages see clean so yeah these things
are pretty clutch next up this private
label side bag now you guys know that
side bags are super super popping right
now man purse whatever you want to call
it this one is my favorite you could put
anything in this one from private label
your little bear bricks use the top for
my headphones my wallet you know that
supreme LV the side pockets you can put
some gum in there you know I'm saying if
you're talking to some girls you don't
want your breath to stank and of course
we got to keep the prep protect on deck
put the wipes in there it fits perfectly
and you cannot go wrong with this side
bag so that is my five high piece life
packs
if you did enjoy you know what we do
thumbs up and I'll do more things back
at it again you already know what it is
supreme shovel on deck I bought this
just for the video now I don't know what
to do with this so yeah damn and they're
like vacuuming the hallways of my
apartment complex and it's like messing
up my videos anyway I hope you guys did
enjoy that little you know height be
said the five things every height piece
needs or whatever the hell I decide to
call it hopefully you guys enjoy a but
for the most part I hope everybody is
having a fantastic day welcome to Crew
TV if you do not know what TV this is
for those of you guys who might be new
for those of you guys that might be new
here my name is Kai so welcome to my
channel and if you have not subscribed
yet subscribe because when we do reach 1
million subscribers I'm giving away not
one I'm not giving away one pair of
Yeezys I'm giving away 10 pairs of
Yeezys now there's not 10 pairs in my
hand right now but I got a few out just
so it's like dramatic and what
so you know I'm saying but yeah I'm
giving away ten pairs of Easy's when we
do reach 1 million subscribers here on
this channel so please subscribe and
join the crew anyway we out here in LA
men in the weather is just fantastic I'm
not gonna be out here for much longer
I'm actually flying to Philadelphia
tonight I'm gonna go celebrate with all
the Eagles fans because they go into the
Superbowl now I'm just kidding I'm going
for the Royal Rumble yeah I'm going to
Philly tonight for the Royal Rumble
which I'm very very excited about if you
guys have been sticking with me for a
while you know that I went to the Royal
Rumble last year in San Antonio
so I'm low-key making this a tradition
to be ringside at the Royal Rumble every
single year so what I need to do is I
got to figure out what I'm gonna wear
for tomorrow which is the Royal Rumble
and then for Monday which is the the day
after the Royal Rumble where I come back
because I need to be wearing another
shoe when I come back you well actually
here's the most important part you have
all these real quick move the Versace
slippers out the way okay basically guys
there's a company called chalk line and
they make like vintage 80/90 s jackets
that are super super dope and a lot of
them are themed around the WWE slash WWF
and the cool thing about it is they have
a license with WWE so they are able to
use old wrestlers and new wrestlers
images and put them on jackets and sell
them and I was actually buying from them
before I actually got in contact with
them and I built a relationship with
them so now that I'm actually cool with
chalk line the people at chalk line
shout out to them they've sent me any
time I need a new jacket they hooked me
up with it cuz I you know I'm saying i
wear them ringside i got a support and
on top of that it's dope like i really
like i buy this stuff it's really really
dope okay so i got to figure out which
jackets i want to take because i
honestly have a lot of options here the
ted dibiase you know I'm saying to
Million Dollar Man whoa Ric Flair jacket
they made me a custom one for Dallas
sneaker Kong last year you see he says
dream crew on the sleeves it says
hypebeast
and then on the back it says christ omar
dream crew with the Hollywood sign and
you got the Bay Area on the top and then
you got the LA on the bottom because I
was from
Bay but now I live in LA one of the more
newer ones we got the Heartbreak Kid
Shawn Michaels he's definitely a fan
favorite SummerSlam one and I wore this
to SummerSlam last year when I went with
Tony and this one is just so clean
because it's got the Undertaker and it's
got Bret the Hitman Hart
you got another Undertaker one right
here this one's clean because it's just
on the black upper BAM but the
Undertaker on the back the old-school
Undertaker
you've got the d-generation X everybody
was a DX fan DX logo on the back this
one is the satin n W oh this one is
super super dope this one's a little
thicker than the other jackets I just
showed you because this one's made to be
more of like a varsity jacket type of
vibe you can wear this with any Jordan
so I'm gonna be wearing this one so
shout out to chalk line for hooking me
up with this one and this is going with
me and I'm sorry to everybody who I'm
boring with all this wrestling stuff
because I know a lot of you guys don't
really watch wrestling but some of you
do so shout out to those guys also since
we are on the topic of plugging shout
out to my boy Soraka Diddy he sent me
this new hoodie it says be ready and
it's in the basketball print it's
actually really really dope he's
released he dropped these on his website
March 31st sneaker Conn Bay Area be
ready it's four o'clock exactly my
flight is at 8:55 p.m. so I should
probably head to the airport around 6:30
7:00 so I've got like two and a half
hours so I got an eight pack and get
ready and get things poppin so let's
pack it up and get the show moving
at LAX right now almost dropping me off
we watching the Warriors beat the
Celtics right now
hurry we're 41 I'm not the safest thing
to do but you know I'm saying gotta
watch the Warriors game three-point game
Tyree Wow he scored curry to the line
two-point game
Kyrie can score anytime he wants he won
the championship for them when he hit
that shot over curry yeah he won the
championship for him
game over warriors beat the best team in
MV they're the best team right Celtics
technically this area is dead so there's
like literally nobody bothering us while
we watch the game and I'm good on time
too cautious in legendary calm yo
cautious and legendary be ready
only flinch oh my god oh my god
one-point game just need to make these
two free-throws Wow game over
Warriors get the W reading the Celtics I
would love to see Celtics and warriors
in the finals as much as I would love to
see the Warriors beat LeBron and the
Cavs one more time I'm kind of sick of
that matchup so it'll be dope to see
Kyrie vers curry in the NBA Finals
anyway we never catching ELLs only
catching flights so let's go to hit Lee
alright guys so I just got on the flight
right now and we have a four hour flight
to Philly so I'll see you guys when we
get there
where to Kobe I got 81 flows when I put
it on the floor maybe doing the most
digging up Pakistan what's the longing
my bros I got a key forty sevens while
you locking the door yo guys so we are
out here in Philly now and it's
literally the day after we're out here
in Philly and it is a little gloomy but
it's not bad a little bit of rain I
messed up big time because for the first
time ever you guys know I traveled tons
and tons and tons every time I leave
before I travel I make sure I get all my
stuff to you know get this YouTube
channel running but unfortunately I
don't know why I think I was so excited
to leave and come here that I forgot my
freakin laptop now that means I can't
edit so I was on the plane and I was
getting ready to edit and then I went to
my backpack in the laptop wasn't there
so I kind of screwed myself over but
here's the thing is I'm only here for
literally a day so I'm not gonna go buy
a new laptop like if I was here for
multiple days and I needed a laptop to
edit obviously I would go buy one but I
don't need it because I'm literally only
here for a day so instead of just making
this two vlogs I'll probably just put
everything together and make this one
long vlog so hopefully you guys enjoy it
and then the second crazy story is that
yesterday when I got onto my flight I'm
getting settled in I'm putting my
backpack away and I'm wearing my DX Jack
and not the NWO jacket and the lady next
to me she was like hey are you going to
the rumble I turned around and it was
freaking Lita if you guys know Lita
she's like a woman he's wrestling legend
she was sitting like two seats over from
me and I was like holy and I was
like oh so are you in the rumble like
she was like maybe she can't really say
cuz I guess you might be a surprise
yeah no way this doesn't go up to like
tomorrow after afternoon I'm not gonna
say anything
I got you she was really really nice I
didn't want to bother her put her in the
vlog or anything like that so I was kind
of nervous vlogging on the actual plane
because I don't want to look like a
creeper that was trying to film her
that's why I did a quick scene that was
really cool she was really really nice
and uh yeah
so now I'm here in Philly I have like 4
hours until the rumble I was thinking
what I could do and I was like you know
what I'm gonna go stop by suplex which
is the sneaker store where we had our
pop up at when we had the tour last year
they showed mad love when we were there
so I got to stop by I don't plan on
buying anything but maybe I'll find
something to get I don't know there is
one shoe that I'm looking for but I
doubt they'll have which is the the
off-white Air Force Ones came out in
black at the this Museum in New York
City City called the MoMA Modern Art
Museum or something like that but I
doubt they're happy here but honestly
New York is not that far away so maybe
they might have it but I doubt it but
we're gonna go see what they got man
maybe buy some shoes I don't know we'll
see yeah I got here this morning
alright guys Philadelphia is just so
freakin beautiful honestly this is
probably like my top 5 places to come to
I've only been here twice today this is
my second time and it's I don't know
it's just a vibe this is gonna sound
really weird but like as I'm walking on
the streets I just hear this
but another cool thing that I've noticed
is that everybody in Philadelphia is
either wearing wrestling gear like I am
or they're wearing Eagle stuff because
as you guys might know the Eagles are in
the Superbowl shout out to everybody at
suplex Philadelphia the best sneaker
store in Philly so if you are here make
sure you guys stop by really cool guys
there but they actually told me do not
mention that I'm a Tom Brady fan I'm
actually from the Bay Area Tom Brady's
from the Bay Area so that's why I'm kind
of like a fan of him and on top of that
I don't really watch football but if I
had to choose a team to win it would be
New England but now that I'm out here in
Philly and I see all the fans and all
the love I kind of hopefully does take
the W because I feel like they deserve
it I mean again I'm not a football fan
I'm not a fan of either team but Philly
you guys deserve it you guys deserve a
Super Bowl ring anyway I'm gonna head to
the hotel now so I'll see you guys there
and then we're gonna head to the Royal
Rumble this is
okay so your boy just got well no
actually I didn't just get back I was
actually kind of a while ago but I
actually just got back from the Royal
Rumble now this isn't the usual coverage
of me going places like I usually do I'm
just gonna do a quick summary of what
happened because with WWE they're very
very very strict on filming there like
they flag videos ASAP if you put like
any type of like filming the ring and
stuff like that so I didn't even take my
camera but I did snapchat I even got in
trouble for snapchatting the security
guard told me to put my phone away like
two times and I'm just like you I'm just
snapchatting like there's a Royal Rumble
snapchat story you're telling me I can't
snapchat is like oh you're filming too
long I was like whatever but basically
first things first cuz this is a little
bit this whole vlog has been kind of
different than what I normally like show
and I've always shown that I'm like into
wrestling and stuff like that a lot of
people don't understand it and I'm
probably gonna get hella hate in the
comments like I always do but it's
entertaining it's fun to you know see
some of the stuff they do and the
storylines and the characters and stuff
like that like that's why I enjoy it man
and and for the time that I'm at the
wrestling shows it's for me it's like
I'm like a little kid again like I don't
have any other worries in the world I'm
just watching my favorite thing to watch
which is wrestling and I don't have to
worry about paying bills and off the way
of worry about you know coming up with
ideas I don't have to worry about you
know so many things all the struggles of
life I don't to worry about anything and
I just sit there and I get to entertain
I'm get entertained and watch wrestling
so that's why I love wrestling overall
guys last year when I went to the Royal
Rumble
I went home kind of like uh was it worth
flying all the way out here this year it
was worth every single mile I flew every
single dollar I spent it was amazing I
guess we'll just talk about the Royal
Rome matches I was kind of like
surprised that the men's room a match
was in the middle of the show I thought
that was kind of crazy
Rey Mysterio returned
that was freaking insane there was some
great like surprise appearances great
storytelling in the beginning midway
through it got a little bit boring but
the ending was cool the thing that was
super super dope was Ronda Rousey signed
with the WWE and she made her first
appearance unfortunately I won't be
going to Wrestlemania
it's in New Orleans but I won't be going
to Wrestlemania because I'm gonna be out
out of the country but shout out to
everybody that tweeted me pictures of me
on TV basically again a quick reminder I
did leave my laptop at home and that's
why this vlog is very very long with a
whole bunch of stuff because like I just
have like three days worth of stuff in
one vlog but I'm gonna get back to LA
this week and I have a lot of things to
figure out I did wear this shirt
ringside the Magnolia crew one this is
the collab t-shirt between me and Mac
Park it's our first collab Magnolia crew
and it's kind of in like the Old Stone
Cold Steve Austin riding on the back of
the shirt is the stone cold skull but we
filled the skull up with the easy zebra
because we add in the twist of sneakers
and wrestling together so it's a very
very dope collection that we're doing
it's like you're wrestling inspired
there's three shirts they're all gonna
be available at Mac Park and they're
gonna be available online so all the Mac
Park locations more information on that
very very soon I am doing another online
drop this weekend but it is another
collab item with the brand eight and
nine yeah this is pretty much how I'm
gonna end the video I'm going to hop on
my flight in about thirty minutes I'm
gonna head to the airport actually so
once I head to the airport I'm gonna fly
to LA rush home grab my laptop and start
editing this video anyway if you guys
did enjoy this long-ass video make sure
you guys hit that thumbs up and if you
guys are new here make sure you guys
subscribe because we are subscribe I
don't know if I said that weird and I'm
really exhausted because I haven't slept
so I'm not gonna sleep tonight all right
Royal Rumble 2018 is in the books I'll
see you guys at Royal Rumble 2019 in
Phoenix
it's a guarantee get it by you camphor
you got a baby pack in the womb
hey Ellis Allah but they never change I
said do it for my dog
