go
whoa it is hot but it is beautiful
summertime is approaching here in LA I'm
about to be at the Fairfax flea market
hopefully they got some dope stuff
people are so rude get on my way I'm
riding a bike
alright guys so we're inside right now
and it's pretty bill five it's actually
like a lot and a lot of boots it's
bigger than I expected I don't know if
I'm gonna get anything but it's just
dope to see what interests other people
and just see the type of people here and
it's like super hipster la flea market
vibes but it's pretty dope
all right guys it's been pretty dope
looking around and seeing all the stuff
like old Nintendo 64 games and clothing
and I actually bought two things so far
I didn't even plan to buy anything but I
got two things so far and I'll show you
guys all the pickups when I get back to
the house so if you're ever in LA on a
Sunday and you want to check out some
like flea market vibes come to the
Fairfax one it's like three dollars to
get in but I mean I'm pretty sure you
guys will find something you like if you
like this type of vibe
so we're going to hit up Melrose now
since we're already here it's been a
minute since I've like checked out
Melrose yes
YouTube is on fire remember this before
there Jordan 12 while quality is
actually nice on this she'd Wallace here
Rasheed Wallace Air Force 25 one of the
best campaign and speaker history was
that capacity
so then comfortable keys right here
oh my god these were Grails in high
school and I didn't know how to get her
and we used to make like old unit music
videos back in the day was hilarious and
they got the pink joint and now you know
whatever oh my god your picture was rude
I go so hot all over again tasted loving
sex
I'll be out there next month look up
your phone's outlets we got the shirt on
what's up kill the sheriff at ya got the
shirt on though after the back melt
would be stupid are you doing bro stop
go check out what coolpix has like that
so right now we're in Cortes experience
Sean from around to pop-up shops like I
don't do cortezes that's not my thing
but it's dope to come in here and see
like all the history of Cortez is Klaus
is crazy
oh man is here not by really quick got
lucky enough to run to this guy no
really guys tell the people about this
common yes this is just I had like this
idea to do on like a Cortes experience I
had a friend in San Francisco who had
like shit-ton car like a thousand pairs
of G like waffles in Cortes so I'll just
like man I gotta do something with these
my original idea was just do some kind
of pop-up and I just like brainstorm
from there talked with a few friends
from Nike they were like yo we got tied
into the Cortes birthday right this was
sick this is a what came about did the
did the sneaker dip which everyone likes
um oh jeez it's like everything from
late 70s up to like early 2000 on say
probably kind of exposing you to the
Cortez that's crazy because I've seen so
many people now want to go get Cortez's
over the last few weeks a very a really
great shoot oh and I noticed that I was
like man the Cortez wave is live right
now good true like I honestly okay so
like I didn't wear them much yeah like I
was never one to go out by fortes where
I'm always collecting them because like
being obsessed with Nike it's kind of
like yeah it's part of their yeah yeah I
don't know if I could pull it off but
they're not going
yeah this week though
Wow all right guys so not wear a hat
because my hair is all over the place
I'm doing laundry I actually cleaned my
living room very very nice and let me
show you guys the two pickups that I had
today from the flea market the Rose Bowl
flea market I got one thing right here
is this college dropout flag tell me
that is not sick let me turn the camera
sideways
that's dope because you know I'm a
college dropout that made it in YouTube
will not really a small youtuber trying
to make it in the big life I don't know
insane and I bought this hold on around
my tripod Gorillapod on so I'm going to
put the camera right there and show you
guys I got this the tag is still on so
it's brand new is from 2006 so this
shirt is older than most of my
subscribers just get a pop okay so the
death from above right there and it's
Michael Jordan in the dunk contest but
he's like pink towel so you can see
right there the only thing they didn't
block out is this chain as you can see
and it's an actual Air Force One t-shirt
so it's kind of weird that it's an Air
Force One t-shirt with Michael Jordan on
it but it's new vintage I guess it's
vintage because of 10 years old yeah I'm
gonna throw it in the long because I
still want to clean it because I think
is 10 years old yet you know you know
you don't know where it's been for ten
years you know what I'm saying
these right here and these right here
when I got these in Chicago they were
gifted to me by someone random and I
need to address this because I feel bad
I shouted out the wrong people I
couldn't find the business card at the
moment so I shouted out the first
business card I could find which is my
fault so I apologize those people did
not give you the pack the actual people
that gave me the pack are these people
right here so thank you to them I'm
sorry that I made the mistake of
shouting out the wrong people but
basically yeah these two were gifted to
me by them in Chicago so I appreciate
them
and with that being said I kind of want
to address something that it's like an
issue but it's not a big deal so I'm not
going to make it into a big deal but it
kind of is a big deal for me okay
basically a lot of people are going to
look at this a whole bunch of other ways
and take it how you want to but I need
to put my foot down and address the
situation at sneaker cons or meetups or
wherever maybe you know people do often
give me things it's amazing I'm blessed
to be able to get these types of things
but it's to the point where people are
giving me sneakers at every every show I
go to I really appreciate it I do like
somebody gifting me a $500 pack is just
unbelievable and I appreciate it so much
I have to say that I cannot accept any
more free sneakers one because I don't
have room to just take any shoe that's
given to me I have to be very selective
of what I buy or what I receive so
there's people who just want to give me
sneakers and I appreciate that and then
there's also people who give me stuff to
promote their company and I'm a youtuber
you know now I have viewers I have
people who you know they pay attention
to my social media and when I shout out
a company me shouting the mouth gives
them the trust so if I shout out for
instance that's a goat app they can
trust that app they can trust that
website they can trust that place that
they're going to get something authentic
now I'm not saying that the people that
gave me that pack are selling fakes or
anything like that there could be a time
when someone else comes up to me and
they hand me a legit pair of sneakers
and they'd be like yo this is from us to
you and I'm like oh cool thank you so
much like I'm really grateful for it and
then I tell you guys like oh your shout
out to this company for giving me bees
but I really don't know what that
company is doing behind the scenes like
I don't know if they're selling face I
don't know you know what they're doing
and yes I could look them up and make
sure they're doing that but I wouldn't
even I shouldn't even accept it in the
first place unless I really know who
they are or what they're doing and again
I'm not saying that those guys that gave
me the pack are doing this I'm just
saying this in general because so many
people give me stuff at the sneaker
events Tony he made a whole video about
this on why he's not taking shoes from
these companies who are sending it to us
and go check out his channel
he actually made a whole video about it
I'm not going to talk about this too
much of just letting you guys know from
here on out guys I'm gonna have to
kindly reject anytime you guys give me
free shoes there is going to be
companies big time companies like champs
and Jordan and Adidas and Under Armour
and Puma you know there's there's big
companies who are going to feed me stuff
and they're going to give me stuff too
I'm still going to take products for
them because those are big companies you
know I'm saying and I'm going to accept
those but as far as like other companies
that I really don't know about and I
really don't do my homework on I'm not
gonna take take the free sneakers or or
shower give the shout-out to them unless
I a thousand percent know that they are
not doing any funny business and that
you guys can trust them so that's my
main concern here is just you know
shouting out a company that I fully
believe is that I fully know about so
you know I'm still going to be doing
unboxings from all these major brands
because I know that they are legit
brands and they are companies that they
don't do that type of stuff like they
they are the companies that make these
sneakers you know I'm saying obviously
I'm still going to buy sneakers because
that's my I love sneakers and I'm still
going to buy it but my personal life I'm
trying to be extra you know picky on
what I buy I hope you guys understand
where I'm coming from I know a lot of
people are going to think I'm arrogant
or being unappreciative but it is what
it is and it's just the situation where
I feel like I have to be selective of
what shoes I want to keep in my house
and my in my collection you know people
can just give me stuff and I'm very
grateful for it but like I will feel bad
getting rid of it later on if I just
don't use them you know what I mean stop
now I've been hyping up a lot of stuff
lately without even telling you finally
give you guys a little teaser but this
is just one of the many huge things
happening this summer the last one was
such a success that we said you know
what we got to do this again
and if this one is such is it and if
this one is a success too then you never
know we might have to do an online drop
but let me just tell you guys right now
right now that sneaker con LA on July
22nd and 23rd we will be doing the
second color
butenes between the dream crew and
sample which is Tony and bull's brand so
it's going to be crazy doing three
different pieces and they are going to
be crazy I saw the mock-ups today and
they are insane now I know a lot of
people are probably saying why not
Dallas why not Dallas because Dallas is
before LA but Dallas will be will have
its own merge it won't have the collab
with sample but I have another collab
with another brand dropping at Dallas
sneaker con and I have my own merch
dropping at Dallas sneaker con and those
will be exclusive to Dallas so Dallas
don't feel left out we still got you I
am going to do a huge giveaway today no
no you know what you know what I'm not
going to do the giveaway today this is
what we're going to do if this vlog
right here this vlog can get 30,000
thumbs up 30,000 is not much because you
guys killed it last time 30,000 thumbs
up right now on today's vlog then on
tomorrow's video I will give away a
iPhone babe case Bob and I have found
big case this is a legit iPhone babe
case all you guys got to do is 30,000
thumbs up and I will give it away
tomorrow to one of you guys this is for
the iPhone 7 plus I feel like even if
you don't have a freaking iPhone 7 plus
you could still like use this as your
room as like a dope little display thing
or just put it somewhere or make some
type of use for it has a all wrong
channel bye guys stop
