the core protection swaggy wait a minute
let's take it back a little bit I want
to show you guys something
I do it by my god
that was when my love for Wrestling and
WWE sparked back up after being a fan
basically my entire life I kind of went
away from it as I got a little bit older
after middle school in high school
WrestleMania was in the bay area it was
in the 49er Stadium and there was no way
I was going to miss it even if I wasn't
watching wrestling consistently I was
still keeping up with it here and there
I couldn't miss her so minion debate I
couldn't so I literally bought my ticket
hours before the event and I witnessed
the caption
now the reason why I bring up the story
is because today was the day that Puma
dropped the Debbie W collab with the
money in the bank and it was a shoe that
when I saw it I said I need it
I'm gonna take you guys back to where we
started off so roll that clip have to
lift over to this park thank you very
much
all right so I did get them size 10 and
a half so I am happy but as I was paying
price tag kind of got to me like I was
okay with it at first but then I was
like why is this $500 it's a dope
concept it's a dope shoe I really wanted
it so I'm going to pay that price $500
it's a lot of money for these shoes and
again I understand like that price tag
is for people who really want it like
only a hundred in the world like yeah I
get it but $500 that's half a thousand
that's half a year I'm not going to lie
these are way nicer in person I love
this green stripe right here we got that
VVS lace block right there that's that
ted dibiase right there I know I'm just
kidding it's not a snob UTS money sign
on the tongue with the Puma logo in
there keys to the briefcase I got a ten
and a half they didn't have a ten
WW logo right here on the inside it's
pretty sick the Debbie Debbie logo on
the inside is coming off it's like a
freaking sticker
so here they are I reached up and I
grabbed that briefcase from footlocker
and I got the money in the bank this is
a literally the same one that you can
buy on wwm for I think like a hundred
bucks so the plastic version I want to
say that I am extra very jealous and
salty of my friend
Jacque Slade because he got it from
footlocker personally much respect to
him and I'm very salty you know I'm
saying it's a good salty though it's a
love salty I love you thank you I love
you this year
and I got the briefcase and I got the
shoes alright so after I left there I
drove to Mena and I spent the rest of
the day with her it was pretty
interesting I joined a biker gang
so we probably start out with that clip
I think I'm officially part of a biker
gang because I was like driving with
them for like five minutes
anyway I'm actually stuck in traffic
right now summertime in Los Angeles is
coming which means that we all all are
going to die of Contini stroke shut up
we're all going to die of heatstroke it
ruined my joke
alright guys so we are currently at CPK
California Pizza Kitchen it's been a
committed since we got pizza but today's
the day we get to have pizza super
excited to have my pizza I don't have
this every day
last time I ate pizza
we're when work for game for Game five
Game five I had people sitting at the
bar that was Chloe that was the game it
doesn't count
can't count sporting events so far
exactly the week before Chicago
deep-dish yeah that's not every day
that's like once a week I got a phone
call today and let's just a power Barone
oh and also merge everybody's been
asking me where when their merch is
going to ship out it was a pre-order
that means it's in currently in
production right now so it will ship out
on the 28th or before the 28th we're
doing the day to ship out of the 28th
right now so it doesn't mean you're
going to get it on the 28th but it's in
a ship on the 28th so stay tuned thank
you for your patience and now it's time
to eat
tomorrow is Father's Day so if anybody
wants to wish me a happy Father's Day
comment down below I'm just kidding I'm
not dead yet I know everybody is
probably wondering or already has or
already is about to go buy the dad a
Father's Day gift my suggestion is to
get your daddy some salad or get your
father boost boost because if you know
or the older you get the more
comfortable you want to be so boost will
definitely be good for their life so get
them some nmds some ultra boost some if
it your boost just get them boost they
deserve it our father's work hard I had
a great day with her I want to show you
guys this because I didn't show you guys
this earlier but pretty much you guys
are some of the best supporters in the
world and you guys know me so well and
you know what I love and sometimes you
guys give me some gifts that I'm like
like like I'm just amazed that you would
even gift it to me but there's two gifts
that I've gotten I think it was they
were both last year during the tour
ordering a sneaker con and one of them
was this right here this is an autograph
like in a really autographed picture of
Seth Rollins when he won the Money in
the Bank briefcase so that's the
briefcase right here that the shoes come
in but obviously his doesn't have shoes
his has a contract to get him a title
shot I got another one from someone else
in a completely different City
and they gave me one another autographs
at the Rollins picture but this is from
when he cashed in his Money in the Bank
so this one again is signed to thank you
to the two homies that gifted me this it
means the world to me there is one other
shoe that I've already unboxed so I'm
not going to hit the intro but I want to
show it to you guys i unboxed it because
i was super excited it was late when I
got them from when I got home and I
don't even know where they are right now
okay
here we go I can't say where I got them
from shout out to a good friend who
looked out for me on these let's just
say ovo look at that right there that is
the owl this is an oval sneaker oh I
don't know if you would consider it a
sneaker this is not a Jordan and so it's
okay that it's not a Jordan is because
it's not a competitor against Jordan so
that's why it was allowed to happen
basically this is a collab between ovo
and
clark's I haven't seen anybody really on
YouTube with these I think I might be
the first sneaker guy with this I guess
so this is the ovo Clark collab so Drake
has been seen wearing Clark's time to
time I never done in my life I'd own a
pair of Clark's but you throw that ovo
on it and I'm buying it I'm a huge Rovio
fan I'm trying to collect all the ovios
and because I can this definitely needs
to be added to that I don't like the
purple colorway I don't think I could
pull off the khaki tell away so I went
with the black colorway as you can see
that ovo print is all over the upper of
the shoe even the toe of the shoe and
this material right here is just very
very sexy so on the little tag right
here you've got that owl and then you
lift it up and it says quarks original
and then there's nothing really else to
it I mean it is what it is it's a shoe
that for the right occasion I'll be able
to pull it off you know fancy dinner you
know you got to meet your girl's parents
you know I'm saying you got throw on
some nice shoes but you also want to
stay true to your Heidi's roots you
place yourself this is the one you need
and I need to get my grown man on but I
still want to stunt and let the people
know I still rock that hour I might pull
up to the sneaker event you know saying
somebody pulls out the beach just dawns
you know I'm saying that they pull out
the beach just on imma pull these out on
them you know I'm saying we'll pull
these out on them then I go to I go to a
dinner and you know you know the owners
a CREP protector they're you know I'm
saying I want I want to let them know
that I like my sneakers but I'm about my
business you know I'm saying so i'ma
pull up in these you know I'm Samer pull
up in these and then you know we might
be we might be you know at the dinner
and you know I'm saying and Dwyane Wade
walking and the Wayne way walking and
you know you know we're gonna ball I got
options we could go all the way anyway
with Jordan Brand or we can go do the
way way leaning you know I'm saying we
got options
I don't know I'm saying right now guys
I'm really delusional I'm just trying to
do it DJ Khaled impression but anyway
yeah they got these clogs headed them to
my ovo collection I'll probably post a
picture of these on my Instagram today
with all my other ovios I'll be a very
good idea go like that picture follow me
on instagram i'm and today's video off
with a quick update on my life and
what's going on with my life you know i
keep telling you guys i'm not going to
hype up anything until it's official
today
I pretty much got off the phone I got
her I got off a few phone calls the past
two days and basically one of them have
to do with bringing crew kicks back to
life and very very soon crew kicks it
might be headed into a direction in
which there will be consistent uploading
on there but it's still in the work so
nothing guaranteed yet and then the
other phone call I had was just it was
kind of like the go-ahead to start
planning for something and now that I
got the OK to start planning for
something I kind of need you guys help
but then it's all just organizing and
figure things out but all I can say is
that I want you guys to comment down
below right now and let me know what
city are from because we need to know
what cities are the most popping cities
because I think I've said too much
already so yeah one last note one why do
I keep saying is one one one more last
note you guys are new to this channel if
you have not subscribed already please
subscribe because when we reach 1
million subscribers which is my goal to
hit before September or ons in September
I'm going to give away 10 pairs of brand
new Yeezy boosts so I actually have hair
stacked up right here all these Easy's
I'm going to give away 10 pairs of them
to you guys I'm going to hand-deliver
them I can't wait to give them away you
can really live anywhere in the world
and it will make sure you get those
Easy's and lucky subscribers out of the
million make it happen subscribe I love
you guys you could watch me disappear
like whoa
it's
