I just been focused on chasing girls
Cristiano with the kid gang courtside at
a wizard game I told you before that you
never know how things unfold I'm picking
the doctor the miracle I've had a
massive headache all day long though I
might seem a little out of it today
can't find my cutter so I'm using the
old school ones real ones know what's in
the box I didn't expect it to come
already I thought is going to take like
a month or something but it is here it
got even smaller than my last one that's
what she said this is my new toy spark
this is the new drone I am still going
to use my other drone more because
that's 4k and that one's still compact
and easy to travel with so this one will
be used for certain situations I guess I
believe this one was five hundred
dollars my last one that I use which is
the 4k Mavic is $1,000 I still recommend
that one over this one just because that
one has way more capabilities and it's
way more powerful a little little bags
multiple battery docks that's thick I
think I bought the deluxe package or
something so it comes with hella extra
more stuff drone is in here oh my this
thing is so small like it's literally
the size of my hand oh my god let's go
have some yeah fine
put me in a box of course you don't want
to talk restaurant astray I really got
ton of waste and then could bend down
for the chase all right I'm an idiot the
drone that was the password was on the
inside of the drone where you put the
batteries that was my fault my DJI
aircraft wish that I named it mini drone
okay I don't I don't know if the
freaking gestures
to quote
Oh
I don't know what I pressed on right now
Oh
how to land it right now anymore it's
already nighttime it's only nighttime
like I started my believe leg spent the
last two hours working with this damn
prison I like it I like it a lot but I
don't think it's something that I'm
going to use all the time I rather use
the Mavic but this one is cool it's very
compact convenient it's going to take
some getting used to because of like the
small like using the phone to control it
and all that but but it is what it is
it's small it's cool so yeah spark
I got another sneaker to unbox like I'm
going to do this unboxing for you guys
like this is a crazy unboxing but I just
did one technically so I save this for a
little bit later what's in the box
so before I open this box I want to say
why are these not called episodes and
the reason for that is because I've said
this before and I'll say it again I
don't want to make a video that I upload
an episode unless it actually has a
point to it like if I'm just in my
apartment apartment opening up boxes and
Hawking for eight minutes it's like
going to be repetitive repetitive and
boring so I've just considered to make
these videos because I want to upload
videos and because I want to show you
guys like my unboxings and what's going
on in my life but I wouldn't consider
them episodes because I'm not out and
about so starting tomorrow though we
will go back to our normally scheduled
programming I know I said that yesterday
but tomorrow we're going to go to our
normally scheduled programming if you
guys remember I did a video recently
where I just told you about where I get
a lot of my sneakers from which is the
app goat that video that I made telling
you guys about the app got their
attention and they reached out to me and
they said yo we love that you did that
video we really appreciate it thank you
and as it
a gift for making that they surprised me
and they sent me these so I'm super
excited to open this up and the first
thing there is a letter in here and it
says Kai's my name on it so let's open
this up kites we've seen your videos and
wanted to thank you for the support over
the last several months
enjoy these despair on us from go so
thank you guys go minam this is my crazy
wall you don't know what freakin box
this is right here man this is legendary
right here bro oh my gosh let's go ahead
and get these opened up oh this is the
sister this is the this is the note that
they give you every time you order from
go that lets you know that they got it
authenticated so these are 100% legit oh
my god man
oh my freaking God please Wow this is
like insane to me that you guys would do
such a great name for me and just look
out for me like that like that so dope
man so so freaking dope check those out
I mean I'm not going to fit you into a
full-on review for you guys because this
came out a while ago but it's a shoe
that's like man oh you can start on so
difficult see me and you were never
similar I jumped at the floor and I was
looking faster it's bigger than me but
you get attached I said where my
thoughts are go forth and back back and
forth bigger feel difference ever see
drama is something I can't afford again
man you shout out to go for reaching out
to me and sending me these again if you
guys want to check out gold it's where
you can call sneakers without worrying
about you know getting scammed or
getting a fake pair of shoes and want to
throw these on my feet right now but
it's what 2 a.m. and I have nowhere to
go so I I'm just gonna have to look at
these very pretty shoes right here if
you guys want to download go it is in
the description box down below make sure
you guys hit that link check it out yeah
crazy okay so let me break it down for
you guys I'm gonna kinda just talk to
you guys and keep it natural as
impossible as if we're just like homies
talking in my kitchen you know sitting
on the counter but pretty much
you know all I can say is that the next
few months the rest of the year it is
going to be a roller coaster it's going
to be I feel like the first half of the
year we just kept it steady
but the second half of the year is just
going to be like it's going to skyrocket
and I'm in the boards of a lot of things
and like I told you the other day I
can't hype it up because I don't want to
hype it up until it's officially ready
to be announced you know it I'm planning
things I'm doing I'm like I can't tell
you guys I'm not here to just stay in
the same spot that I've been in you know
we get stay comfortable and we can be
comfortable and then somebody can pass
us up and then we can be forgotten about
or we can keep grinding harder and we
can you know let the world know that the
crew is real and and we're going to hit
that Meli subscriber mark your guys's
support will help me every single step
of the way so without you guys I deliver
the content you guys are the ones who
subscribe and who share it and help me
grow the crew so thank you ahead of time
and let's do this man let's freakin hit
1 million subscribers I really want to
give away these 10 pairs of Yeezys
deuces cut I put me in a box of clothes
don't want to talk about straight
straight they really got time to waste
I never been down for the chase
