nothing better than getting stuck in LA
traffic my first day back
nothing's really on the schedule for
today besides clean clean clean all that
good stuff
Liz so check in with you guys back at
the crib - exhausted oh ok guys I'm back
at the crib right now and dude this
place is just freakin mess oh dude I
have so much this in front of me okay
lighting is not good right now so we
need to add better lighting two speakers
right here in front of my face that I
have wanted for a very long time the
COBE sixes and the kobe eights are my
two favorite basketball sneakers of all
time we'll start out with this one I
picked these up recently from round two
dead stop $200 these are the Kobe o'seas
the Orange County's the reason why I
love these is because this is one of
four Kobe sixes that came out during
all-star weekend in 2011 I believe 2010
or 2011 I can remember I was out here
for all-star weekend when it was here
why I Reebok this is because I actually
sold my pair a few years back because I
needed the money in my mind I was like
okay I'm gonna sell them and imma get
him again when I'm and I have money that
happened a few years later I was patient
this might be worn on court for sneaker
con la I don't know yet there's another
shoe that's on my mind but if this could
be possibly one of the shoes that would
be worn on court now this other one
right here this is a Grail when this
shoe first came out like I wanted them
so bad I couldn't I couldn't afford them
I didn't even know how to get them I was
offered it from sole supremacy so shout
out to social primacy and you're
probably thinking like oh that's just an
orange Kobe six but no Barcelona these
are the Kobe six Barcelona's there's two
colorways I still need the blue one this
is the more expensive one this is the
mango version and Kobe is a huge fan of
soccer he's a huge fan of Barcelona that
this David's Football Club
these are freaking amazing since I got
them used I have to put that crap tail
inside to get that that smell in there
but basically let's tell you guys what I
paid which I feels like a steal I got
these for $900 $900 used Barcelona six
is two of my Grails right here two of my
grills one of these years ago and now
being able to get these just shows how
how hard work does pay off and that's
why I love buying older shoes that I've
wanted since I was younger okay now I
got a package yesterday and I opened it
up because I thought it was something
else I thought it was something that I
wasn't going to unbox on camera but then
it was something that I was supposed to
unbox on camera because it's freaking
dope but pretty much if you guys know me
you know more wrestling fanatic and
there's a company called chalk line and
they make like vintage wrestling jackets
and they're actually they have the the
rights to do it by the WWE their jackets
are actually on the shop
ww website so I bought my first jacket
from them from the WWE website this is
one of the jackets I've bought from them
this is a Ted DiBiase this is the green
one right here one of my favorites that
I got this is the Ric Flair one so as
you can see Ric Flair on the back I
purchased these and I wore them ringside
when I went to a few wrestling events so
thank you chalk line for for like
noticing me I guess seeing that I'm a
die-hard wrestling fan and seeing that I
rep you guys's your guys is a line so
they sent me some of the new stuff that
I picked out from their collection
stone cold basketball mesh jersey like
this is freaking dope don't cool right
there on the front and then on the back
it's got the Austin 3:16 and then I also
got a stone cold vintage hockey jersey
this is so freaking dope and they got
that authentic WWE sticker right there
so you know it's real my favorite thing
that they sent me is another one of
these so fast
jackets on the back you've got the
heartbreak here this is so freaking dope
Shawn Michaels with its freakin mullet I
really appreciate them sending me some
stuff to wear I will probably be wearing
one of these things when I go to great
balls of fire
in Dallas next month it's pretty dope
because sneaker con is the day before
the pay-per-view so I'm going to sneak a
con anyway and then there's a Debbie W
pay-per-view in Dallas the very next day
ok now I've been rambling on for too
long I think I got to go get my packages
you know what time it is
what's in the box No oh okay so I know
if this is but unfortunately I can't
show you guys what what is this so I'm
going to wait wait till Dallas next one
actually bought these first and then I
found the parrot sneaker corn price
originally for these shoes was $1,000
and then it went down and then it went
down more and then it went down more and
then I bought them and then a few days
later it went down again so it was my
fault I was impatient with it
sneaker game is really really all over
the place these days as you can see I
picked these up from the goat app so you
see that goat sticker right there we got
the letter from go to say that it was
authenticated right here easy
Calabasas power phase right the column
of typography I got two pairs so I'm not
mad this might be actually one of the
easy that would you guys want this to be
one of the uses that I do for they give
away let me know if this would be okay
to be one of the easiest to give away
for the million subscriber giveaway
comment down below what you guys think I
don't know I don't know some people
technically wouldn't consider this easy
next one I bought it for a video idea
and I changed my mind on doing that
video idea because these came the day
before I left to London so it's been
sitting here for a minute and I kind of
got over the idea and I just realized
like your that videos like it's like
whack potable Gerardus and 13 low golf
shoes so yeah I bought Jordan 13 golf
shoes I was going to make a video where
I wore these and I went and played golf
for fun go to return these these right
here are a pair of sneakers that have
yet to come out but the good people over
at she choose first-time chic has sent
me a pair of shoes thank you she think
I'm going to like them because I like
the colorway I haven't seen them in
person I haven't seen him in hand look
at this guys hold on bra okay so we got
a Jordan 5 box right here
the oh my god these are red as this is a
good alternative to the Raging Bull five
that came out in that pack and that came
out a few years ago so this is like a
modern version of it I guess you could
say it's got that fire red bottom on the
five the fire red bottom bottom five
this is like a Toro red hate these
little things that they put in here if
they would have blacked out the tongue I
think that would have been a little bit
better I just feel like that silver is
just out of nowhere they will be
available at she choose so shout out to
she choose for sending me these I would
wear it like an all-black outfit and
then just buck these up so that they
just pop so loud like he's a little cute
late iLike them I like them a lot
alright those are all my boxes that
they've been unboxed and yeah put me in
a box s.coups you don't want to talk
yesterday I really got time to waste
I never been down for the chase
