Bay Area we are here as you guys may
know today is well for you guys it was
yesterday but today for me is Monday and
it is Game five of the NBA Finals
unfortunately warriors cannot sweep the
Cavs I went to Cleveland and they
couldn't soup the cow so I'm like
alright well I want to go to Game five I
want to watch the ceremony so hopefully
tonight they can do it and thanks to my
homies over at CP we are making that
happen I hit them up I said yo can we
make Game five happens I'm here with
Meena and Meena doesn't know that we're
going to the game yet I told her that
we're coming here to the bay for some
meeting and she thinks were about to
head to some meetings right now in a few
hours we are going to be going to Game
five so I'm going to surprise her
probably within the next few minutes and
tell her that we got tickets to the game
we'll talk more about SeatGeek and I'll
give you guys a little promo code if you
guys want to use it and buy yourself
some tickets or here's a better idea
Father's Day is coming up you can get
your debts and tickets to the game or
some baseball games and things like that
so anyway I'm literally outside of
Nina's hotel room so she will be coming
out in two seconds
so we're not actually going to any
meetings today we're not going to the
meetings we're here because uh game 5
please yeah how the plug very good in a
game yet
I even tweeted how sad it was because I
really wanted to go to game 4 and I
couldn't get the day off and I thought
they were going to win so then I thought
there wasn't going to be a game violence
I need an outfit now oh my god I thought
like we're just going to kill time and
we're going to really go through reading
and I was implanted with going to a
meeting out and we keep puffing well
we're going to get 5:30 is it I had an
unboxing yesterday before I left on the
trip which is uh what I'm going to wear
to tonight's game let's go see what we
got in the box what's in the box no
usual setup here I'm rushing to the
airport so I wanted to get this unboxed
for you guys before I leave this is a
pickup from Seoul Steel's as you guys
know I've been buying a lot of stuff
from Seoul Steel's lately because they
have a ton of great deals on there I had
to get I see some people wearing this
around our Lego that's pretty dope I
like it this is the supreme Obama
windbreaker jacket I don't know what you
would consider this it's mean it's not a
windbreaker I guess but it's like the
Obama jacket but literally it's just
Obama's face blasted all over it super
dope I like this a lot i'ma take this
right now on the trip with me again I
got this from Seoul Steel's make sure
you guys check out Seoul Street Seoul's
heels I will link it down below if
anybody wants to sign up for it's like a
membership-based website so you're
getting crazy deals but you're paying
monthly for the membership to access
these crazy deals so check out those
deals
I'm taking this on the trip with me now
back to the live case will not really
lies because this is a vlog but back to
the current situation Tyson yeah okay
guys totally ready to keep Tyson
garrison suffer enough
I'm here to write understand I live it
off you have to get you huh
no here you want to write it no not
getting that boosted board just wanted
to try it out it's the new version I
don't think I could use that thing on
the streets like I use my bike on the
streets I think I might get hit by a car
anyway we are going to head back to the
hotel and get ready I got to handle a
few emails things like that and then
we're going to head to the Oracle Arena
for game 5 so I will see you guys all
right guys so we just made it to Oracle
Arena super excited the game is
literally about this far in like 10
minutes
yellow carpet vibe designs we didn't
have to make our own this time set us
off they are inside it feels so good to
be surrounded by actual warrior fans and
not a whole bunch of Cleveland fans here
now I know you guys are probably
wondering why did I wear a supreme
jacket and not my Warriors Jersey and
that's just because I'm in homeland I
don't need to rep the colors because I'm
sharing with everyone else in Cleveland
I needed to stand out and let people
know what I was rapping but I'm home now
Oh
ah
and energy here is crazy man it's been
wild the calves are actually up but the
difference between this game and the
game for that up that the game is not
below the restaurant calling 50 pounds
to the first quarter they're letting to
play
hey deeply oh yeah
Oh more cagey
quarter-over-quarter
the champion joking oh my god two
minutes
ah
you
Oh
ah
y'all go to Target so much back in the
comment section alright guys to the
celebration has started already
why you look like there is though
all right so I'm back at the old crib
now first things first
yesterday was a crazy experience
something that I'll never forget I used
to buy tickets to go to the game sitting
in the dough's bleach for like 15 bucks
and now nosebleeds go for like four or
five hundred dollars just shows you how
the team has definitely turned around as
an organization and become a top team in
the league and a top attraction for the
whole Bay Area it's just great to see
the city doing great things it's great
to see the Warriors succeeding in all
that struggle and all those years of not
making the playoffs or getting
eliminated in the playoffs
it was amazing to actually witness the
ceremony and see them actually win have
to give a huge thank you to see geek for
making that happen
Cee has put me in some of the most
memorable moments of my life which is
Kobe's last game these NBA Finals tons
of other events that they've sent me to
and if you guys don't know about C geek
it's a place where they take all these
websites that sell tickets and they put
them together so you don't need to go to
50 websites you just go to see geek and
it's all there for you it's like the
number one market place for tickets for
any type of event like I mentioned
earlier in the vlog if you guys do want
to purchase something maybe like a
Father's Day Father's Day gift take your
dad to a game or just want to purchase
something and go to a live event you can
use my promo code to get yourself $20
off your first purchase
it is kai super easy to use the app I
will link it down below if you guys want
to check it out I want to thank Zeke for
sponsoring this video as well as all the
other videos that I've done with them
and giving you guys a chance to purchase
tickets and get a discount it really
does mean the world to me to be able to
take you guys and put you in my shoes
and let you experience the experience
that I'm experiencing that's three
experiences in one sentence I do want to
touch and kind of address this whole or
weren't you a Laker fan now you're a
warrior friend you're a Laker fan or
orphan look first of all before I say
anything about my own history with my
favorite sports teams I want to say that
we as fans we're not getting paid to be
a fan of a team or a sport some people
were saying like oh you write a Chicago
Bulls game recently oh you're at a Miami
Heat game recently oh you're at this
game this game why you know why
supporting the warriors like you can
watch other games you can watch other
teams you can watch other players that
doesn't mean you're a die-hard fan it
doesn't mean you're a bandwagon if I'm
on a trip to Miami and Miami happens to
be playing a random team let's say it's
Miami versus grizzly I can go to that
game just to be a fan of basketball to
watch a game like you don't have to be a
die-hard fan to go late we don't have on
our tombstone was a fishel Warriors fan
like know like that's not going to be
what we are remembered by like it
doesn't matter I was a Lakers fan
because my favorite player of all time
Kobe Bryant was on the Lakers if Kobe
would have left while he was still
playing and played for another team I
would be supporting that team I wouldn't
be supporting the Lakers I live in Los
Angeles so yes I'll go to a few Laker
games I even go to clipper games and I
freaking hate the Clippers but that
doesn't mean I'm a die-hard Lakers fan
I'll still take Warriors over Lakers
right now but when Kobe was on the
Lakers I take Lakers over anyone because
that's just my favorite player it's just
like how LeBron fans were heat fans for
a minute because you went to the heat
but now they're back to being Cavs fan
you know I'm saying it's you like
certain players but then you also like
certain teams for certain reasons it
doesn't really matter so that's my
situation so for everyone who thinks I
was all of a sudden a Laker fan turned
warrior fan because they started winning
that's not the reason why I have ticket
stubs which I don't need to show you
guys but I have over like 50 ticket
stubs dating back to like 2004 2003 2002
2007 2006 2005 like I've had I have all
that so if anybody needs evidence but I
don't need to do that so for everyone
asking Kobe Bryant is my favorite player
all of all-time warriors is my favorite
team of all time if I had to choose
between two if the Warriors are playing
against Kobe Bryant which is not going
to happen anymore because Kobe's retired
I will take Kobe Bryant there is a few
other players I like in the league I
don't share I cheer for the team because
I like them and I want to see them
succeed but I'm not going to be a
die-hard and like paint my face those
colors of their team's which I just like
watching certain players so that's it
that's all I'm saying I don't need to
just anything else here for whoever you
want to cheer for like any player you
want to like don't listen to these
stupid Internet dummies talking smack
about players and teams and stuff like
that at the end of the day Katie got his
rings
I've got a second ring we've got five
championships Kobe has five rings LeBron
is three and five in the NBA Finals but
I still respect what bran and LeBron
James is still the best player in the
world right now and I will say that as
someone who was rooting for the Warriors
and hoping that he loses again as much
as I talk about him and I tease Harris
for being a Cavs fan or a LeBron fan I
give respect where respect is due LeBron
James is the best player in the world
but unfortunately they only got one win
so you don't win the championship with
only one win I am done finished
