nothing but profound respect to one of
the great reinvention now mr. wanjin
reborn as emotion but I didn't mess up
thinking them about me of the trophy all
right guys day one in Cleveland well I
mean only one day in Cleveland but today
is game for the NBA Finals we just got
ready we're about to leave our hotel
head to downtown probably get jumped
today because I'm reppin this and Fire
kicks is on some savage savage mode
because he's not even wearing warriors
or calves respect Greg this is all about
Kobe baby the only man LeBron curry
nothing on Kobe right here always always
so in love so we've got to leave the
hotel right now the contest winner Jose
I think they just arrives what's crazy
about the East Coast is that game start
like around 9:00 p.m. over here for us
out in Cali it starts for at like 6:00
p.m. but out here on the East Coast it
starts at 9:00 p.m. so we're not used to
leaving a game at like midnight so it's
going to be kind of crazy but it's going
to be fun hopefully Warriors get that
sweet I personally don't think they're
going to get the sweep on being like as
from a basketball point of view not from
a fan point of view I think LeBron is
going to get a W just because like you
can't get swept twice in the NBA Finals
like if you're trying to be the goal you
can't you can't do that you know I'm
saying like Kobe and Jordan never got
swept so unfortunately I cannot carry
this camera around with me because we're
going straight to downtown into the game
so we'll be using the g7x today is that
too much I feel like that's too much you
just wear backwards on this should be
fine though
I might know the montes winners are here
was good yo
they are warrior fans like myself but
how do you guys become warrior fans in
Chicago your guys are born and raised in
Chicago right right well I was being
Perry band during Davidson's and I just
kind of kept watching them guys I
literally walked outside across the
street people were talking so much smack
to me they were like friendly they were
joking but they were telling me that
downtown is going to be serious like
people are going to cut this out and
stuff like that but it's okay because we
got him with us so we have him with us
he'll save us so three months yeah my
goal is to get a whole bunch of footage
of Cavs fans me trolling them so that's
my that's my content for today nobody in
my mind sometimes I wish I had you but I
don't - bye - okay
- okay first bank I'll bet here was good
yeah you're the ball yeah let's take a
picture warrior and cat fan coming
together for a picture look who's back
how you doing how are you with the
Jordans on ha ha ha my man was good he's
the hyphy shoes I got on - yeah
conversation comfort is key comfort
issues
Jackie's out here wearing a Cavs have
what is that oh my god we thought the
white however we saw Paul Pierce we saw
Vince Carter ty reboot oh yes so this
guy walks out as a hotel so Brandon his
name is this hotel with all the players
and stuff like that but this dude walks
out with two boxes of Tyria and we ask
them if we can look they had sample tags
on the box and he opened it up and he's
like don't take a picture but apparently
does issues that Kyrie is going to be
wearing tonight
it's the Kyrie 3's and an Allred
Holloway with the gold swing so we got
an exclusive preview but we couldn't
take a picture but I'm pretty sure by
the time this blog goes up there already
be pictures of been wearing but we saw
it first so first we saw a Fire's
exclusive you know anyway we're going to
go walk to a sneaker store called
restock Cleveland or restock something I
think it's like Joe Hayden sneaker store
without here restock you go buy
something you don't buy something oh my
god
I need that oh look at this then they
got some good stuff I need these size 9
no way
Barcelona bruh this price is a steal
look at these cool 31
yeah oh my god I was so close to getting
those in New Orlean I'm 20 minutes after
I left they relieved over there later
these place 30 tears or something pretty
alright guys so they got the calls vide
right here this is like the 3m call city
but it's a to exile I would prefer next
cell but to encode like a little bit but
this is like I've never seen this in
person these are crazy look at the
sample track on the inside ain't got
nobody in Mumbai sometimes I wish I had
you but I can't touch my gosh okay can
the show okay count over this thing
anything to us I don't think they can
say anything they don't know what to say
I feel like they'll be talking more
smack to us during the game when game
when it's actually a close game but as
far as like outside here on the streets
they can't really say anything cuz cows
are down 3 and 0 why not try to push me
I leave it up Cavs territory guys
Quicken Loans Arena you guys ready you
ready yeah fans looking at it's very
very salty
so there's actually so many warrior fans
here but I feel like half of them were
cats man laughing haha take you on a
journey be surprised
let's just say warrior jersey selling
high in Cleveland I told cut a little
hole decide when he's the best guard is
your golf room for me right now
Oh put the couch goes alright - yeah
yeah yeah Quadra wild it lets go
warriors warriors okay
alright maybe this guy warrior warriors
the warriors that's one again I want to
give a huge shout out easy for making
this possible sending us to the NBA
Finals I'm just the boy from the Bay
Area who had a dream but you may be
depreciated he keeps captain Devin what
wake up and you must be dreaming pretty
well as I steer yeah you're right you're
right you're right you're right you're
right guys if you guys want to get a
little discount use my code tight super
simple
get yourself a discount to going to any
type of event I am and enjoy it thank
you see G so 30 minutes until tip-off
I'm getting more and more excited
pre-orders available now on my burst
right now - ah hi peace Melrose shirt is
available right now in the camel all of
a sudden shirt is available right now
link in the description box down below
it's only available for one more day one
more day so that's 24 hours not
everybody who already caught and yeah
worldwide shipping
pick a lawyer chance going through the
freaking hallways my kid got that sample
jacket on lets's thinking fire video
it's got to be simple right now so
excited we got our food ready
it's got to be late
Wow little baby is gonna be fun let's go
drive on get that boy
Wow 3-0 lead 3-0 lead Kathir of 29:38
fruits not a good start but it's still
early in the game these referees are
horrible eyes are all red - what is this
niggas hot hot right now
86 today how do you - 83
aha I was on day the same thing okay so
Warriors are down 13 now almost the end
of the third quarter it is scary every
time the ball touches kairi's and
because he has dominated he has 32
points Katie's the only one with double
digits up until like two seconds ago
this is a crazy game no wins go in go in
everybody fall gets back to me now why
are my eyes right oh my god three
minutes the Warriors down 15 on the
cross
do much hurry so much Yuri
alright guys the Warriors didn't win
more importantly did you have fun did
you really get but now it's time to
leave this arena this is the last game
that we will be played here so words
closing out at home saying anything
about doing this so much class from the
Cleveland Cavalier friends I didn't say
anything
it is what it is I knew they were going
to lose like recall now we cause there's
no way there's no way the wrong would've
got quite but it was a good game I had
fun and I had my silly game five is
something that I said come on they don't
win Game five then it's like now
yeah it's like yellow any word then I
might have to come back to people and I
don't want to come back to Cleveland
hey over-the-counter no no no nope we're
going to burn it we are going to burn it
they did give us three shirts I'm going
to give this to Harris there's this in
Greece so I got him the shirt in the
towel I might give one to swag actually
I might get trying to towel and here is
the shirt the shirt is a little big but
yeah it's not the cops to give me the
cop buckets back to us this is also so
hilarious hey guys let's go yeah I mean
they take came back three one last year
but this is like throw the thing is this
is the Warriors first playoff first post
on the long I think that I'll take that
the mother guy tries to close the door
on me I didn't say anything to him
they're just trying to provoke it's not
worth day we had a good time man Brandon
our game is going to look like I thought
our game was better than their own blood
on cocking elbow we feel me but let's
just say we defending our title in LA
for sure ready it doesn't matter who the
opposing team is there on those chairs
I'm dressing on a hike what just too big
yeah to being tried on your first pair
easy huh hi be good they're comfortable
though right super comfortable I just
you know all of a sudden Fantasia
goo goo calm bye guys so we are back at
the hotel right now
I keep mentioning my eyes but look how
red they are the last time they got like
this was like when I was in New Orleans
and I was around so many people I think
what I need to do is when I travel I
need to be extra clean like hand
sanitizer I think that's what it is is
getting on plane from planes is that
you've been traveling so much and now
that the series is going to Game five I
have to go to Game five got to go to the
finals baby we've got a witness that
ceremony I feel like calves have moved
and they might take one more
I might get flamed by warrior fans for
even saying that but I'm keeping it real
with you guys I think calves might take
the next one and then I think warriors
will close it out in game six but
hopefully not hopefully it ends in five
I picked these up for $200 these right
here let me unwrap these I got the gray
ones of these in London I was able to
get the maroon ones out here they hooked
me up for $200 think these go for like
250 they're super clean little flowers
on them nice Cleveland pickup anyway
tomorrow we leave Cleveland I'm going to
end the vlog now here because I got to
start editing and it's already like when
it's 4:00 a.m. yeah no it's not oh my
god one last note birch is in the
description box for only 48 hours 24
hours left out of the 48 hours you can
get this shirt or you can get this shirt
the Melrose t-shirt one last time and
then it's gone forever
a bitch no more bitch emerge before it's
gone and going to Cleveland enjoy a
viola last I am okay check this out
today's vlog was supposed to end already
it was supposed to actually already be
uploaded yesterday but as I got off the
airplane my laptop died as I was
uploading it I don't want to ramble on
for too long here I just want to say one
last thing before this vlog and first
things first I want to give a huge thank
you to everybody who picked up merch
this weekend I've been doing pre-order
for the past 48 hours today's the last
it ends tonight at 9:00 p.m. but besides
that I'm not going to sit here and talk
about that the whole time that is just
something that kind of ties into what
I'm about to say I'm really proud and
I'm really happy and blessed to see
other people want to represent the crew
they want to wear my merch they want to
wear something representing dream crew
and the reason why I'm so excited about
that is because the Dex few things that
are going to happen the next the next
few months are going to be crazy this
coming September marks the ten-year
anniversary since I created my first
youtube video and I've been just
plotting all year long trying to do
crazy things in celebration of that and
I still like bothering me over the past
week because I've just been traveling so
much there's so much going on and so
much that I want to tell you guys but I
can't tell you because I've learned over
the years not to officially announce
anything until it is a thousand percent
like even if you know it's a hundred
percent wait until it's a thousand
percent I know that doesn't even make
sense but I don't want to hype anything
up hype anything up until it's ready
like until it's officially ready to be
advertised - you guys are ready to be
announced to you guys all I could say is
that getting the opportunity to work
with and collab with huge brands I'm
getting opportunities companies to want
to back up some of my dreams and back up
some of the things that I have plotting
in my head to where I'm like eh I have
this idea I want you guys on board with
me and they they mess with my vision so
they're like okay let's do it like huge
companies like I just want to say thank
you guys thank you guys for supporting
and showing love and we aren't the
biggest YouTube channel in the world we
haven't even hit a million subscribers
but you guys are some of the most loyal
and most like dopest YouTube subscribers
on the planet like you guys show so much
love you guys show so much hate too but
you guys still come back and you watch
and that's what that's what helps me so
thank you guys merch again is only
available for a few more hours so if you
want to represent the crew if you want
to represent something that I'm proud to
live by which is the dream crew and pick
up your merchants represented - I'm not
going
and be like bye bye-bye I've been doing
that all weekend long all the diehards
have already copped and I can just say
men just thank you guys and that's it
I'm not going to talk anymore that's all
I wanted to say I'm out of here I got to
sleep I got to wake up early and catch
another flight because I'm I don't want
to fly anymore but I've gotta fly
I'm exhausted I've been sick for like a
week and a half like this is ridiculous
see you guys tomorrow and I'm outta here
dream car of yours ain't got nobody
among my sometimes I wish I had you but
I don't I splash okay yeah I guess it's
okay
