it is a beautiful yet gloomy day out
here in LA I'm actually headed to
Cleveland tonight
screens a little
Game four of the NBA Finals thanks to
seat geek we are taking the contest
winner Jose and his little brother to go
to the game with us it's going to be a
crazy experience will they sleep we will
find out and I got a little excited
because of the situation as you guys
know I'm from the Bay Area I was born
and raised in the Bay Area so the
Warriors are my hometown team Kobe
Bryant is still my favorite player of
all time but my favorite team of all
time is the Warriors since I was a
little excited I made a few phone calls
I hit up aruch and I said yo let's give
the people something to celebrate it's
been a minute since we've done this but
I was like you know what the crew
deserves it for the next 48 hours that's
two days only starting right now we are
releasing these online right now link is
in the description these are the camo
all of a sudden shirts on the back all
of a sudden inspired by anti-social
these are freaking dope we've been
selling these at the past you sneaker
con but I was like you know what these
are our most popular items so let's
store these online for 48 hours only
after 48 hours we're never going to sell
these again so if you want one get it
right now and I'm also releasing I know
a lot of people gonna go crazy over this
because this was like the most requested
sure to drop online I'm releasing it in
a different version the melrose t-shirt
I released these after live in the hype
shirt event that we had they were a long
sleeve but now I'm releasing them for
the summertime in a short sleeve so both
of these shirts will only be available
for 48 hours you can pre-order it right
now after 48 hours they will be gone
forever so link is in the description
box down below worldwide shipping I know
everybody's been asking for merged so
here it is Lincoln bio what does the
rest of the day hold for me I'm actually
going to spend a lot of time at home
getting ready to leave to Cleveland as
well as getting rid of a rid of a lot of
old clothing I'm trying to just get rid
of stuff I don't wear but until then I
think it's time we starting this one
early
need my backpack and maybe my phone I
guess I think my bike too
all right now hit it what's in the box
can you zoom in a little bit more much
better I have a few boxes to open up for
you guys I got this first package from
champ sports they told me that they were
sending these over I personally I know
they are but I wasn't interested to buy
them I'm going to see how they look in
person and give you guys my honest
opinion joke man got the champ scarred
up in there mana balloon we got the Air
Jordan 13 low I think these are called
the chutneys the question here is would
I buy these and to be honest with you
guys I probably would not pick these up
thirteen low is kind of like I feel like
they kind of which would how do i how do
I say this half the shoe that everyone
loves
there's no hologram that the 13 is known
for its quality wise they did a really
good job here on this upper like I don't
know if you guys can see it but it like
literally color as you move it in
different direction now you know chance
has it and chance is getting it so ho
shout out the chance for sending me
these kind of matches my championship
though huh very nice pretty obvious
where I got these from it is literally
blasted on the side right there let's
see what they say let me split let's see
what oh I know what this is now this is
a collaboration between Stan's and New
Balance open them at the same time first
thing I see here are two pairs of socks
one in each box BAM
oh my wallet Eon these are bad bad in a
good way so this definitely definitely
definitely has a different vibe to what
I am used to it to what you guys are
used to so this one right here is the
997 quality is crazy they did a
fantastic job I like this one more I
love this one more very very smooth
neutral colors here it looks like this
one is very very comfortable so I'm
definitely going to be rocking with this
one and now you know what was inside the
box
Chev oval Ibuki why didn't I disappear I
thought we had the special there's no
one here okay I'm leaving
so at Zika Khanna I was flying my throne
above the court during the warm-ups of
the rookie game and somehow somebody
shot the ball and it hit my drone but
luckily somehow someway this bad boy
spun around a few times and stayed in
the air and nothing broke it did get a
little blurry towards the end of that
spinning scenario but I think it should
work I'm going to test it out right now
I haven't won it then then so hopefully
nothing is wrong hopefully
so the drone work I'm going to head home
now freshen up and I want to do
something that I did a few weeks ago I
think it was like two weeks ago I went
through easy Buster's Instagram told you
guys some youtubers who got fake Easy's
and it did extremely well and I wanted
to do it again and I was like how can I
hop the last one well celebrity so we
are going to see which celebrity is
trying to pull a fast one and rock some
fake easy so let's go see which
celebrities got on some easy right now
no but really all right so look merch is
available now drew calm so we're on easy
buses instagrams I'm not here to expose
any of them easy Buster does that job
I'm just here to kind of like just look
through it and see my reaction to some
celebrities that have a fake easy like I
said last time it's kind of to show you
guys that even people who have tons of
money or who have great connections they
still can get scammed for fake easy the
first person I see is mini-me Verne
Troyer's I believe as I say his name he
has really easy and the reason why I
know that it's just because he said he
got them sent to him by Kanye and Kim so
he passes I don't know who this is but I
think she's like an IG model or
something she got 4.4 million but she
got on some fake pearl doves daddy
yankee that yankee is a hundred percent
authentic okay here's our first one this
is rich the kid now I don't really know
rich the kid but I know he's a rapper
now I can kind of see it here the bottom
the midsole looks way off pattern just
looks too busy okay so this guy right
here this is the this is the guy from
that So Raven he was the little brother
but this dude got on some fake 750s man
these things look like a con a con in
some all-white ez 350s not v2s
what the regular 250 is now how I don't
understand how a lot of people probably
think it was a con he probably knows
Kanye he probably knows people who know
Kanye probably got a sample what an easy
bus that I trust him he would only toast
something unless he was 100% sure these
were fake quavo Clay Volga
the go ahead bucket he's good he did not
get scammed okay so this is I know I
said I'm only going to stick to like
celebrities but this lady is huge she
has 15 million
she got played for some fake turtle does
she shouted out the companies I gave her
the turtle does and they just I mean she
gave a shout out to a company selling
fake sneakers which is worse than just
showing that you have fake sneakers is
shouting out a company that gave you
fake sneakers so not only did she get
scammed but she gave her cosine to trust
a account selling fake sneakers that
means she probably just got paid and she
really didn't do her research to figure
out that they were selling fake sneakers
but do not buy from this Soulja Boy and
Soulja Boy is seen right here ultimate
Fugazi flexors Soulja Boy caught wearing
feces on his snapchat and I managed to
snap this pic before it took it down
switch shoes and repost it LMAO wow
those like bro where's the bottom of the
shoe French Montana
bra how does French Montana get played
he's friends with Kanye Kanye gave him
those all why eating's he personally
gave him all white vetoes I believe they
were v2s but he works with Kanye he's
made music with Kanye they used to date
he used to date he's married to Kami's
today Chloe how do you get fake those
look like
flea market Easy's like what does look
like the light up Easy's how how does
that happen French freakin Montana oh my
god
who's this Zac Efron oh my god bruh this
he must have been clueless buying these
he probably thought these were the
customs from that data
did he wore on stage and the way he's
looking down at them like oh yeah
Easy's oh yeah look guys guys somebody
actually thought I was wearing fakes but
nope that's me
I gotta prove easy busting noses uh
surprised how many people DM me this
picture these are 100% legit
I saw more and the crew don't mess
around
verified baby always that's how we do a
breath okay I know this this girl is
huge I know her from a few movies that
looks like the camel edition matches my
shirt that's Lincoln bio if you guys
want to purchase it right now actually
if you want to go get it it's available
now but yeah she got some yeah she
snapchat at some fakes that's really bad
she probably has no knowledge whatsoever
uneasy so yeah she got played Cameron
Dallas now will say Cameron Dallas is a
celebrity because he does movies and
stuff now but when will these vine guys
get a real pair cameras Dallas wearing
some feces damn Cameron Dallas is making
a lot of money there and I know he's got
some connections why did he get played I
do not know Tiesto is a huge DJ as you
guys can see homeboy got played for some
pencil line easy 350 so some it looks
like somebody really drew the lines on
with a damn pencil so like I said last
time there is a point to why I did that
is because it's just to show you guys to
be careful when it comes to buying
Yeezys it's unfortunate that even in
2017 even stores that are well trusted
could possibly get played and sell a
pair fakes it's very rare that that
would happen but you really want to be
careful and make sure you're buying from
a trusted trusted source I want to just
say I do this because I don't want any
of my followers or subscribers to get
played I don't want you guys to waste
your money on something that's not
authentic if you like to wear fakes and
you're okay with it that doesn't mean I
don't respect you that doesn't mean I
look at you look I said that last time
and I do look at you funny but it
doesn't mean I don't respect you it just
means that you got played and you're
trying to you try to you know just don't
do it chat the easy Busta I will link
him down below I have been recording for
almost 30 minutes now I'm trying to go
through his Instagram I need to start
packing because I leave in like four
hours a stack baby
okay so I just spent the last like 30 40
minutes cleaning these things and then I
realize that I have to leave so they're
a little wet and I can't even take them
so we go in a little back row on the
Turtledove since so many people that I
showed today that fake ones anyway we
bout to head out and also I was going to
take this Jersey but then I was like
wait like this doesn't really stand out
compared to like a blue Warriors jersey
so I'm going to leave this one here and
I'm going to actually go buy one so I'm
gonna go to the mall that's close to the
airport and go buy like the original
Warriors blue jersey because I don't
have one of those hopefully I don't get
killed in Cleveland see you soon
Cleveland
you
alright guys fark just met up with me
we're the only ones going here for the
contest and we're about to board our
flight let's just say there's some
Cleveland fans I don't know if you guys
know I don't like Cleveland at all you
guys know what talk should I even in
speaker caught on stage I was calling
them nachos man but I hope I hope they
lose but I don't think that we is going
to allow it anyway we're going to board
the flight now so I'll check in with you
guys on the planes commercials board
like 40 minutes ago so tired alright
guys so we're on the plane now for the
mocha put the camera away because we
literally don't have room or on the last
very row so I'm not going to be able to
vlog but we will see view see you guys
in Cleveland merch is for pre-order
right now right yes see you guys in
Cleveland
alright guys so we just got to the hotel
and I'm exhausted I think I got some
kind of allergies because my eyes are
like watery and red probably to get a
little bit of sleep we're going to end
the vlog here like 6:00 a.m. don't
forget if you're new to this channel I
will be giving away 10 pairs of Yeezys
when we reach 1 million subscribers if
you want to pick up some merch it's
available for the next 48 hours so make
sure you guys hit the link down below or
head to dream crew calm tomorrow's vlog
will be in game 4 the NBA Finals and I'm
probably going to get beat up so should
be fun and yeah that's it I'm out
beep
