all right so currently still in Chicago
we're leaving today but our flight is
pretty late I think our flight leaves at
like 6 p.m. the hoops classic was very
very fun this is the main ball that I
want to take home this is the 3-point
championship custom on cyber the
three-point championship custom ball
this was a Wilson ball and then they did
a custom flame on it with this sneaker
Colin logo right there I was supposed to
check out a while ago but I'm going to
just chill here for a little bit so I
could edit I did pick up a few sneakers
over the past few days I'm more gifted
to me some over my by that huge unboxing
that I was going to do from the purchase
that I got off of the goat app and I've
been hyping it up and I wrote on the box
saying do not open into a Chicago I
opened it before I left and that's
because I didn't have room to take it
and it was pretty much the soft tempos
supreme of tempos which is a supreme
right there I unboxed it and I didn't
show the unboxing because like I feel
like it would have disappointed a lot of
people these are hype sure but it's a
recently so I didn't think anybody would
really care so like you know I'm just
going to unbox them and swear I'm so I
wore these for like the first four
minutes of the game and then I got hit
over the head
ah
I searched out of them into the
Westbrook's but this was the shoes other
than that I got these ultra boost right
here for retail I'm happy I got them
visa the I don't know they call them
call them the Copperbottom slippers to
go yard custom slippers I got these from
the homie so as I'm walking back to the
crapper tech goods I see this i'ma go
yard guy like I'm slowly getting on the
go yard and I saw these flip-flops now
these are not actual go yard flip-flops
but this is actual go yard like material
they got it off of bags right they take
it off of real bags and they put them on
to like adidas slide and they got a
whole bunch of other ones let me show
you guys lv & CM Gucci a whole bunch
other things and my man is going to
bless me with one the Goyard ones and I
said if you all want to get them you can
check out their Instagram and all that
stuff you want to shout it out our
Instagram is ant control underscore
custom underscore slides you can find us
on there we also got a website link in
our file system at suggest if you want
to do any custom DM gorgeous place an
order on our website what the characters
will talk about future stuff too because
I want to do some maybe some other
colorways dufus
maybe like a white bottom with you dad
you would really do the recognition pop
a little discuss so I'm going to
summarize over so they're going to come
out with a lot more more hiring like
Boyer we have some more stuff coming
therefore I hope we show off the show so
I'm gonna link them down below if you
guys want to check them out like it so
man if you like high end you're not
paying high end prices but you're
getting high end brand materials if you
know what that means but thank you for
appreciated okay now you guys can scream
Peter slipper with the Goyard material
on there I bought these for $300 I
actually have another pair coming so
this is a double up but it's on the
sneaker that's going to be worn very
very much so that's why I was how I was
okay with doubling it up calabasas addy
does power phase powerhouse power
something I forgot what they're called
but these are the Calabasas easy Adidas
I don't really consider this a Yeezy but
it's it's a Kanye sneaker technically so
this is part of the Calabasas collection
and yes they do look like Reeboks but it
looks like a much better doper version
it kind of looks like a Gucci shoe in my
opinions it's a classic silhouette
that's rebating look at this leather
quality bro this crease is like hell but
it's like a nice crease got those for
300 and then I actually got these I'll
show you the best for last but I got
these for about 200 I actually guy one
in 350 from and then I said 300 and he
said no and then I was like c'mon bruh
and then I checked the go tap and they
were only going for like 2:30 on go app
and I was like bruh trying to finesse me
and then he let him go for 200 so this
let me show you that box obviously
that's the air do you want on one box
but it's different I feel like after I
show you guys these are will remind a
lot of people and then you'll see some
other sneaker heads go out and get them
the Air Jordan 1
Dave White's it's super cool I mean it's
not a very wearable version of the
joiner one but they just went crazy on
it basically there's no swoosh it's like
this more splatter with the elephant
print right here suede on the toe
leather and then the blacked out midsole
on the front kind of like paint splatter
to the to the back this it really looks
like this is a custom speaker but it's
really not David White
4 to 3 my bus sees off
Jorden oven or something something like
that that's what that's the type of
occasion you want to save these if
somebody want to act up at a Jordyn
event I might have to pull these out you
know I'm saying it's a dope box but I
mean I don't have room for it so I'm
gonna just toss those away
so I'm chilling at the booth taking
pictures and some dude walks up to me
and he throws this on the table and he
said this is from Chicago to you and I
was like what and he's like this is from
Chicago to you it's like you can have
these as a gift from me and a couple
guys and I'm like okay
BAM DMP packs in my side can't believe
someone freaking gave me this I had
their card I freaking have their card
and I can't find it anymore so I don't
even know who to shout out right now I
found two business cards here and I
don't know which one it was okay it's
definitely not this one hickory rose
chicken BBQ yeah I don't know okay this
is this might be the people that gave me
this because I know I get a few business
cards per sneaker con but this is the
only one that I can find right now if
it's not them I apologize I just gave a
shout out to someone else but if it is
then thank you to them for gifting me
these shoes very very good leather
quality like insane put two Fabri this
this is leather quality that I've never
seen before on a Jordan this is like
Balenciaga type material this is like
high-end fashion type of material this
is like a midnight blue I'm not sure if
the camera picks it up but it's not
pitch black it's like a midnight blue so
yeah those were gifted to me and then I
almost forgot about these but these were
gifted to me to buy a home if he does
custom it's wrong right here this is his
car guys want to get some custom work
done or something I don't really wear
custom sneakers and I told him that but
he told me he just wants me to have
these so like okay I'll take it custom
made in the all-star call away from like
back in the day when they had it in
Arizona
I appreciate the sneakers very dope very
dope all right now I need to get out of
here going to edit check in with you
guys okay guys so Adam and slim and the
rest of the crew everybody they missed
their flights this morning
you like four hours later I think all
four hours so we actually get on our
flight around 6:25 and they're leaving
you guys leaving tomorrow yeah so
they're here for another night but their
room is actually 529 if you want to
visit that huh okay okay my back room
picked up some heat for sneaker con he
got the white easy but you know they
don't stay white for so long so you got
to break them in a more collective Oh
God sorry I just look at mine is dirty
you know just I said all right stop stop
what look okay look at my crew my suit
Oh bro I should draw on it right look I
draw little extra don't mess it up nice
rises to please when you're now looking
amis I know right
the easy destroyer attacks again there's
four pairs ry easy
no-no-no Holden why do you got to IEDs
on the way you see yourself
okay Adam has them Adam hasn't watch
people watch my nobody else will let him
will let him live for now any white shoe
like me sounds weird yeah yeah find that
funny looks like your size yeah good
idea
yeah he's been wearing a nine you've
been wearing a nine and pirate black
that it sizes 11x people struggle to do
for years like they fit me no uh no they
don't figure dimension lesson look this
is a good place for you Oh God whoa stop
alright guys so we just got to the mall
we have about an hour until we need to
head back to the hotel to get our bags
to go home we're going to take advantage
and kick it with everybody and I gotta
say man this is probably one of the
funnest sneaker cons outside of the
actual convention just because we were
all together last night we were up to
like 1 a.m. 2 a.m. playing this game
called what is it called mafia mafia the
card game bruh it was intense it was
super incentive but we're at the mall I
say about 15 minutes and Social Security
said stop vlogging in here we'll see
what happens
Brandon is still here and thank you for
the wedding card I got you bro I got you
basically this is a schedule right now
if the Warriors win game 3 we have to go
to Cleveland for a game for because we
got to take a fan to the final if we
don't take them to the game 3 a civil
game 4 and warriors sweep the Cavs the
contest gets you know we can't do that
we promised somebody
get to the finals and we are going to
give them so we might be going to
Cleveland at the end of this week but
other than that there's nothing really
else on the schedule we go back to LA
stick your Kondylis is in July and then
speaker con la is July 22nd 23rd and
that will be a hoops classic so we will
be ballin and the rosters will be
announced very very soon but anyway
let's go see what they got hopefully we
can find something don't give this
actually I'm not really looking for
anything hi guys we're getting kicked
out in five minutes guaranteed
guaranteed five minutes we're getting
kicked out yeah it's care to kick this
out so good though we out here Starbucks
gotta go yo guys so they called the cops
on us what the hell anyway we're headed
back to the hotel because we got to go
get our stuff and when we got it head to
the airport and there we good to go man
I just say when this goes to trial I'm
not coming back to Chicago if you
thought were came back home alright guys
so a few of the guys that didn't go in
that first uber with us they got banned
from the mall the rest of us made it out
and now I'm headed to the airport I'm
not sure if we're going to make our
flight but I think we should be good
hopefully I should say bye to everyone
cuz going to be a sad mint moment
my guys they didn't care that I was
leaving oh my god
say you still got us
public input so Mickey and his boy they
went to the oh they are worth leaving
today let's go to downtown Chicago a
traffic is horrible another go back in
time yes that our friend any now we have
you to take all their look this is
literally all their luggage nobody back
we have to take it for them at you know
actually I'm a good friend yeah what
happened to saigo-san swag disappear so
I'll let you say something fishy tonight
hell no goldfish
that's it rookie didn't look in the back
wow you have a gonna make one would pick
Chicago blending your you want to be
vanity because I got you a gift
this PP no way did you really yeah for
the house I talk so much about you in
the car I thought I like you I'm a
little beer and I view the hallway and
then give them a gift I'm using on the
plane with hell yeah thank you
