today is day one sneaker Conor you ready
ready are you ready gentlemen let's go
all right guys so today is day one of
speaker con Chicago I'm super super
excited we're getting some food into our
systems Starbucks and then we're going
to head to the convention I already saw
the line it was insane this morning I'm
ready for the draft the three-point
contest I'm coaching the rookie game so
I'm all in this weekend and we just
gonna have some fun man let's get this w
this weekend where's my girl cheese that
though
you doing there buddy row the second I
found out we don't have to wear jeans
you already know what I got under I got
my basketball shirt walking in there
with basketball shorts that's how you
know you're a real Hooper that's when
you got basketball shorts under your
jeans I don't do that because I get red
you all right guys so we are heading in
now I'm really excited about this
because I'm playing the two-point doctor
already more ready my man just pulled up
with judo Italy finally moving away and
all the women are late Oh bro why we
show up matching yeah way to Google a
guide the line is current right now bro
was good everyone Congo about to be lit
right I'm gonna let Mickey take over the
blog let you go walk around and take
over the vlog yeah I'll walk around
in a tiger so really not useful in
camera it's not really my thing
but I got to say I've been to a couple
speak regards to some and good I've been
to a couple finger times and they've all
been pretty crazy this was pretty like
it's early not everybody's beaten in yet
there's a line wrapped around the hotel
so
then papi
oh you're bumping people I'm going to
kick this guy I have so much more
respect
and like for you like doing that for
five minutes with terrifying I love this
stuff YouTube channel comes to know hi
guys to meet up we had to end it so we
could go to the court we got to go to
the draft we got to go to the draft
reign you go crazy right now alright
guys so we're getting two players
together on the court right now so
everyone is right there we're about to
do the live drop a day to a seminar kind
of a better yet all of a sudden all of a
sudden rookie game
oh god justice your brother what's up
everybody thanks kinds of shirt yeah
this is his hometown so it was only
right that he showed up my man okay
what up are you doing what up are you
doing sir that's a crew okay I'll get
you I get work I got your eyes look at
all fo yo we out here bro cool it are
you scared that you you guys are going
to get split up today or no no thank you
worried about I'll think so I think he
got he got some good looking - Colie
thought okay okay okay all my best
friend man my name's Tyson he'll vetted
back to loot
the host of the day baby the host of the
weekend oh I gotta tell you I'm Matthew
I'm doing here - looking so cool here we
think Google's gonna win in step three
first normally oh well I'll work out
your armory okay procedure one up that's
what
rock-paper-scissors rock-paper-scissors
got that much Barry Goldberg you see our
guys with the first pick in the speaker
college grab the grant we play
yeah obviously let's take like a foot
where we going wait if you can I don't
know go gangbusters right that way so
here we go Mike rewarding in my case
why do you over cute that's wrong I'm
not driving yeah come on
all right
I'm sorry God the roster you ready all
right you've already put the jersey on
for the Jersey on forums Rasha what
you're going to say every time you shoot
Chloe oh okay so we're doing the rookie
game now and I'm actually coaching money
16 we take the Slim's brother Slynt
brother
sugar you're playing in the game so
we're gonna talk about your family needs
@w what up guys last time we were on the
same team unfortunately we got split up
yeah man you were going to be my next
pick - I appreciate it Wow what we've
all Arthur he's all my dear it's me YG l
FK
for wanted then a few other guys okay
water table yes I just watch the blog
excited baby coos yeah yeah you're
pretty good to talk to now curry earlier
today
oh you're you know I'm trying to get the
best dish yeah I was watching Kobe so I
might take more hassle ourselves you
know okay but Ruby Jesus all of a sudden
oh man I caught you with the tree all of
the sudden baby we're going crazy yeah
so how we got to do that yeah yeah we'll
do it we'll do it well gee stepmom
through their picnic I was going to get
you they want to take me on the Internet
I was going to sit all right this was my
game plan it went crazy when I got up
there okay this is my game plan was like
Jade oh you don't know him or my boy
Mickey so if I dented I got a picture I
found Mickey shooting yesterday
ah see that's what I was not look like
they don't know that hey they don't know
if you do just say is say so they stole
my own players but it's all good it's
gonna be a great game the teams are the
teams are even though I think it's
pretty easy yeah for sure it's going to
be fun
what about three-point contest you can
take it honestly now what now my rich
bro I will tell my wrist and I came but
I must be a suit though I'm still
getting worse you there's always you no
matter what for what is you going to win
the three-point contest I gotta make up
from my boy Devin Booker came in third I
think a couple years ago so I gotta make
up her phone I'm taking it home I stick
in the L I'm taking it home huh pregame
rash to pregame restroom the game once -
yes sir I was going to get him net I was
I was hurt because I was falling I fell
in the draft I think my stock was down I
didn't get the contract that I'm wearing
because I chopped out of the top five so
my contract is not for as much money as
I want but I'm hoping for some
sponsorships the kind of time to play I
probably fast-forward through all of
that here's a clue later I believe
you've never wanted to stop it
yeah but I brought that up for you say
so you looking to change that I've got
to change that today but we're we're
back together again
so we can do that know where to do this
you might oh my god and they would wait
there just you I did you ask you
hello guys nation I'd like to talk with
any of you
I'd like to talk to you guys about a
Sufi Markos odd I didn't dress my gym my
coach got about me I'm going to go cry
in the corner now throw that okay god I
did drop them sorry I'm going to edit
all that Oh
all right guys I got my team where they
came up to me and they said yo we're
going to get killed like I never look at
that and then you know what I told him I
said look this is some motivation if you
guys get to W everybody's getting a
shout-out and Lincoln vaio they read
everybody off by here let's go by Wi-Fi
o3 what you want to do yeah while Team
clickbait you guys are going to be
started based on your sneakers
now I know our kids hands got it starts
yeah all right look what the game come
on man that's cold sleeping
oh my boy Mikey you got a surprise for
you Roxy good what do you want to give
them we'll give them something
what is this end you about to get bench
you got a need I have go yeah okay I
can't buy you on three ready we are
doomed guys we or do we are doing lady
vile I told you but they where they all
get a Lincoln why all hell all right
guys first quarter is done we're down by
one guys our team is playing really good
our team is playing really good I think
we could get this W right now I'm proud
of my guys you good you good roughage
I'm really good good you guys good
Lincoln pie oh don't forget god oh god
oh god you got this okay alright guys so
after the rookie game my team lost they
played good first half with second half
they just lost it but it was all good we
had fun now it's time to get ready for
the three-point contest so now you boys
ready to get on the court and take the W
I am going to win I promise you this on
everything that I love
yo this case is why are we taking over
it was looking at before you know we got
tired you're tired begun what is Mikey
look out for latest greatest get boy TV
it's so competitive right now it's gonna
be Capitol area we got a lot of people
who are you over hot please see to the
way keep others ah you know I don't do
favoritism yes and I just want um
because I think a good read pages really
I'm thinking
 you Islamic mentality I feel a
disconnect maybe I can move the bathroom
but I must
don't English
negasonic locked eyes mine will put a
person we are
Oh
oh-oh-oh
thank you
Oh
this is the advantage of being a CREP
protect brand ambassador they got a
crazy shoe collection and we made it in
a sec around baby I told you how to
throw on the mag high and ygi in the
bottle well maybe in the final maybe
that's gonna do God knows everything
people can have other modalities in
economic The Doors she's sleeping
tickets on the clock deeply pop oh my
god
moody blue crazy go
because we make more stop
you admitted are mentioning them you
know
oh wait wasn't business give it in
tonight
yeah
the go
we go
the genocide tomorrow thank you I'm
delighted of you having to nobody I am
the Hermes on and you know I gotta give
a shout-out to my family protector the
ones I put on my visa widget to boycott
that already gotta give it everything
you got the shoes I told you told you
and we going to win the game tomorrow
baby we go in the game tomorrow topic
you have forgotten publicly thank you
let's go whoa it was the shoes man
inside to my couple sick family who knew
you so he took the W coaching against me
that was fun thank you for giving me the
opportunity thank you thank you you guys
played very well for something yeah and
I had to adjust achievement haha
my man right here show it out bro kill
that you get I know I said you get a
link in bio we won't do link and bio but
you can shout out your YouTube Hey
China's on will you put a little thing
right yeah yeah chana saag he killed it
today yo you killed it today wait there
yeah you did go to and you didn't kill
it what you did good I have one
three-pointer yeah yeah yeah I was just
got on the board
unlike Blake win he didn't get on the
board and then I'm head right here got
the MVP of the rookie game and he's
playing in the big game tomorrow so I
don't know if I'm playing where I'm
going to be sitting on the bench
you're on the roster
laughs way southward
tomorrow or any day man you ain't on my
team WW no what
