guys I love when the team is on time
everyone's here oh this is what we call
the calm before the storm there's only
half the court this is the same court
that Legends have played on like this is
the third one
no except on enforcement I drop zero
drop 100 now and just because you
download fear doesn't mean you can
understand your thoughts
oh my god I'm dropping out dropping out
of college after that wait another load
oh don't put it on don't put it on
camera crew I'll put it on camera
mother this is that what is it Carter oh
my god gotcha out the cameraman please
my life right here okay let's go let's
go all right guys so we're on the waited
to see you right now you guys remember I
be him one on one you know you know he
was giving me room to shoot you know
she's not you be me
you be me no excuses bye he just played
Yusef aka fouseytube yesterday
one-on-one I'm not going to say who won
so just don't let your little brother be
the ref that's all I'm going to say but
anyway guys like what you guys just saw
was like we try to fit like 15 people
into pers but you know the man was a
heaven it we got like a 50 minute drive
to the city and we're like three
Hoover's deep so yeah it should be fun
this is goes
we just pulled up the beans of bean so
right now we're inside of the bean it's
like it looks like a weird little thingy
and then not like you know like you walk
under you got to experience it it's
something very interesting it's amusing
to the eyes you know what I'm saying I
brought so here's the deal you know me
and Tony been talking I might have to
come that Lana they're not ready for
that not for like on some sneaky con
like we're going to do speaker call
later on but like on magic seeing them
but just like chill and work and bang
out some content and all that stuff we
hear them we are at the Jordan story
we're about to pull up right now I hope
it is very good everything is available
hold on we might have to get to
Georgetown I have to get the Georgetown
or these these would be nice on court
right here these would be sick on court
to be stick on for it guys this guy
needs help we got to get him some shoes
we're going to help you out we got let
me see what's on PSN what is it because
the I Gordon 12 retro retro
so it's others with gentlemen try out
the Smurfs Victor yeah
y'all coming the secret con well I want
to brown without work you gotta come
back
my work is everyday you can call me 100
magnetars me it depends on what he more
yeah well a match any of them in my mi
mi yes if you have a bowl team one leave
it to fire kick to get some some heat
maybe like just play on the law he's
supposed to stuff on the back I heard
about that
comedy mean it my brother needed he got
a brown stain on his voice shoe no prep
game crap game how did you feel well
feel crazy being a sneakerhead now yeah
whoa slow down
so what once you at a time fam once you
know I'm always by but you got to calm
your speaker hands okay you know what
you might get the pastor this weekend if
you speak your head you're just weekend
right yeah walking relaxing
I may go to my channel mess with the
subscribers autonomic tone the most
convenient and Jordans on
Oh
money cake oh hey clickbait can you take
me out of your store tell us to get out
across films I can't film this here all
right Jordan store kick me out bro it
was chaotic in there everybody left me
behind i'ma go catch up whatever are you
doing we're going to go to Nike now and
see what they got right because Nike
town we're going Nike town all right
guys it's been really hard to like get
like time lapses and things like that
with everyone here because I can fight
style everyone walks away sup and just
trying to keep it going like drones
flying over my head every time we go to
like a tourist attraction there's like a
million vlog hammers popping up but good
vibes hanging out with everybody and you
know maybe we rarely get to do this and
it's built to have so many like
youtubers and creative minds together
kind of bouncing ideas off of each other
so we're headed to the Nike store
hopefully I could buy something because
I got to have at least one Chicago
pickup before Steve Republic
guys proud moment he bought his first
pair of Jordan what are they Jordan 11
roll I forgot what they called what are
those called barren barren I think I
left them on one of the they were over
there somehow no damn already losing
dogs and junkies like the sons he's
losing him hey hey we're going to ask
everybody okay who did Michael Jordan
crossover for the last shot got his name
but it's on Utah this shop Ryan Shaw
auto franchise someone I don't know you
talk game six close but no cigar
who did Jordan crossover for the last
shot Kobe who did Jordan crossover for
the last shot our check I know Mickey's
going to get us a masking block who did
Jordan crossover for the last shot well
if you put me on the spot I remember we
mailed a crawl I know I remember the
person who because this basketball
trivia we're in Chicago
Schatzi yeah mommy go see guity before
yeah no no we already knew it a pony we
already knew it anybody anything
okay you know what is Jordan crosswalk
yeah Brian Russell I can't he watch he's
not going to get this right well gee who
did Kobe score 81 on in our country's
major pest repellent swallow a morsel
references of our hotel what can we
bring that to America I'm a message
parotid who did Kobe dunk on doing this
on the Phoenix who was got three one and
then the sun's came back I'm putting
that out if we're here palm right here
for hip hop years yeah
okay Milotic oh wow these are fine you
know a lot of you guys out
all dreams exclusive method yeah Chicago
got the exclusive chameleon Oman
chameleons living in chameleons grow
he changed coloring automatic alright na
na hey Johnny my Instagram Aden on your
11:30 hey Luke got a free Instagram hi
guys yeah all of a sudden all of a
sudden all stuff even slim Boston
Jordans already and I haven't bought
anything my camera oh man Jordan shorts
I got some tighter everything got
everything
I should say I haven't pulled the
trigger yet the guys we walk in and
literally everyone grab these right here
and they grab the bronze nobody really
grabbed these but I'm getting these I
need these more than these ah static -
Anthony Jackson and Jacob all the sudden
what we gotta get him bro I could hold
on Tony be like I can't believe they had
you sold out shoes let me got it
Christmas
that outcome
Pablo blows you can stage we always oh
my god both to the side Oh
on 31 monsters you go on any game ok 24
yeah yeah well over on the bed
game 5 nah I think if it's a closing
game in work oh you're gonna go out I'm
gonna either forecast you go to go I
thought it was trying to the board baby
he wants to be like this it's like not
so weird
each other breaking it they're going to
break it up we're going to break it in
one day you got a like top like we got
to keep one whether they quit playing on
those right yeah but are you not
I'm quick well that's you brought them
down another 30 will happen more like a
different bottom or down the woman
playing come in mister yes sir all the
jerseys are delayed we're not getting
the money kids do something what's gonna
happen how many points you're going to
draw 100 100 do body Chicago just my
first class only every breaks Blaupunkt
you nobody knows everybody everyone I'm
shooting around and swag is going hard
right now he doesn't want to go and
draft it tomorrow so just look at them
all right if I make the top four shot
we split 50-50 on vs
so when you get the ball you don't have
to dribble right away I always go like
this like I'm going to and then I go
back and then I think just use it like
I'm not I'm not okay oh yeah so move
your feet like you love you I can tell
one was go okay so instead of doing this
pivot let's say you're defending me
instead of just dribbling and then going
up take your put its foot in front of
you now and then go so that way you know
you trash o our Lord you laugh game he's
a poor tee shot at success badly so
matter this time here welcome to the
third New York on hoops classic some of
y'all were in the first one if you could
get here by 1:30 so that we could start
the draft at 2:00 we're going to do this
drop over some stages this day stages
right there so we're going to do a live
drop in front of everyone
I'll get into that after but no no it's
both but uh we're gonna start look
around for it huh okay yes and then take
the border like 4:30 is so cute oh hey
y'all wanna do a quick game and knockout
before we head out yeah okay I'm gonna
go quick though all right watch this no
he's already making the cuteness breath
stinky I can shoot better than all y'all
straight oh oh oh cold when
you feel brave all racist absorbers and
if you
Oh
Elda game
Oh
Oh
I fired you guys
that's only that he win this weekend
second place okay hey let's get it in
one time everybody bring it in why I
know yeah good meeting
good practice we'll see you guys
tomorrow anything for coming sneaker
cannot be won all right guys so we just
wrapped up the practice slash the shoot
around slash the game of horse and also
knock out knock out you have to say I'm
a little dazed and azazel dazzle dazzle
anyway Oh No
