just kind of cut the music man cut the
music being a youtuber is not as easy as
people think it is
besides the late nights of editing you
know trying to come up with a new video
every day we all make mistakes and I
made a mistake which I have probably
made at least a hundred times since I
started my youtube career or life or
whatever you want to call it basically I
film myself unboxing I think it was five
different packages filmed it I left it
on my camera on the memory card
obviously and I filmed it two days ago I
filmed that before I went to the Jordan
event yesterday so cigar no posters
after the Jordan event because the
Jordan event is probably gonna be more
hyped it'll probably be to be a better
video and then today when I went to go
start editing it I realized that when I
went to the Jordan event before I
started filming I formatted the card and
all that footage is completely gone so I
don't have a video for today but I still
want to show you guys what I unboxed so
I decided to turn on the camera and now
I have a video for today but it's not as
good as it was going to be because it
was unboxing but now I'm just kind of
showing you stuff so I can't even say
hit the intro because technically this
isn't what's in the box it's what's
outside of the box let me stop myself
there because I'm talking too much I got
a few things I want to show them to you
guys like I usually do because that's
what I do a lot of on this channel
okay before I officially started like
sneaker youtubing every once in a while
on this channel I would do like a
monthly pickup video or I would just
show you guys everything from sneakers
to clothing of all my pickups and that
was kind of my way to test out whether
or not that type of content was good on
my channel and surprisingly those videos
did really good and that's what really
inspired me to start crew kicks which
was my third channel my sneaker channel
which I don't really upload anymore on
but I'm gonna be bringing it back next
month yes I'm actually bringing it back
a thousand percent so this is kind of
gonna be like that since I'm not
technically doing an unboxing anyway
this really wasn't an unboxing but it
was one of my more recent pickups it's
just off-white sweatpants and it's got
that signature off-white like caution
strap I guess on the side but I got
these from Barneys and the reason why
I'm showing it to you guys is because I
feel like the new off-white collection
for spring is just fire so if you guys
want me to show you guys all the pieces
that I've picked up because I've picked
up a few things actually let me know and
I'll do like a little lookbook video but
I really really need to know if you guys
want to see it so I need you to comment
down below or hit that thumbs up also I
got another box logo hoodie I'm like 95%
sure I didn't show you guys this but
then I kind of feel like I did show you
guys this but in case I didn't show it
to you guys I'm gonna pull it out right
now I only got this one for $600 sure
shout out to the homie Samir for hooking
me up he's the same guy that hooked me
up with the LV supreme hoodie first deal
so he hooked me up with this hoodie
first deal to really really appreciate
it it's super clean this is my favorite
color from all of the Box logo hoodies
that drop this past season you know you
boy had to get another one so shout out
shout out to the homie
the Jordan Levi's reversible jacket as
you guys know the Levi's fours were
released last week your boy was blessed
with a pair from Jordan Brand my friends
over at Jordan Brand I love the red
detail on the sleeve right here it's
like a windbreaker material and
goes crazy with the denim and then on
top of you know like the flight logo on
the back it is reversible so you could
wear it with just the black windbreaker
with the denim on the collar and then
the jump man right there like this
jacket is fire and I needed it and I got
to give a huge shout out to my homies
over at the fix cakes a Bay Area store
I'm from the Bay Area and I don't really
shop too many places in the Bay when it
comes to like sneakers and stuff like
that the fix kicks is one of the places
I go to so if you're ever in the Bay
Area and you're in the San Jose / Santa
Clara area or like around that area make
sure you guys check out the fix kicks
they've got a crazy collection of
sneakers for sale and dope items like
this and other hype stuff so shout out
the fixed cakes I was just chilling and
I was like you know what I really really
want these you know I'm saying I've
hated on the bran a few times on social
media but at the end of the day I
respect greatness I give respect where
respect is due LeBron James is currently
the the best player in the world stop it
his team is not the best team in the
world but he as an individual he's a
pretty good basketball player his one
through eight sneakers were just amazing
this is one sneaker where it's like this
is history these did re-release recently
from Nike Nike retro DS and this is the
zoom generation 1 which is LeBrons first
signature shoe I don't know why didn't
they just call it the LeBron one I guess
it's one of those questions we'll never
get answered but or maybe it has been
answered and I just don't know maybe
I'll have to phone a friend and ask
Harris but yeah this colorway is sick I
also have it in the white colorway and I
was like you know what I really liked it
it felt like it was I didn't have these
when they originally came out not that
they were limited or anything it's just
you know you boy was broke now that they
be released they weren't going for too
much they were $190 it came out to $200
I got these off of goat so I was like
second second sneaker pickup of the year
was gonna be this one so this is yeah
this is my second sneaker of the year
LeBron one our LeBron zoom generation
whatever you want to call it as you guys
know I did go to Under Armour not too
long ago last weekend actually and my
Under Armor family they showed me a few
things and I had a pair of sneakers that
I could not show you but now I can
officially show you and they actually
sent me more pairs of that sneaker Under
Armour has introduced their new shoe is
called the hover or over or I don't
really know what the exact pronunciation
is but it says that on the shoe I am not
even lying to you guys I'm not saying
this because I got the shoes out from
under Armour directly these boys are
comfortable the low top is super super
comfortable this is my new gym shoe and
yes I go to the gym I'm trying to get in
shape I'm not lying this time
the diet has already started obviously
you've got your knitted upper that's
very pop in these days with all types of
shoes from casual wear to performance
wise so they killed it with the upper
the midsole is very very cool this looks
like a floppy disc like you can put a
floppy disc in there so that's actually
pretty cool I'm pretty sure like none of
you guys even know what the hell a
floppy disc is the high-top version that
came in this very very clean package and
yes Blake when I just watched your video
and I did get it too so this packaging
is pretty dope the whole theme around
the shoe is gravity zero gravity that's
what it says it at the top zero gravity
now I've already opened these so the
shoes are all over the place but I want
to give you an example of what this box
does you just press it and it pops open
so this is the high-top version of the
hover which the shoes stuck this is the
high-top version of the hover and this
is like an Allred colorway these are
super super comfortable too but I would
say the low tops in my personal opinion
are a little bit more comfortable I
would say that's a performance shoe and
this is more of a casual wear so that's
just my opinion but I'm pretty sure you
can still like running these if you want
but again you've got that knitted upper
I wish they gave me another colorway and
it's
that I don't like this colorway it's
just that they already gave me a pair so
now I have two of these red colorways so
not only did they bless me with sneakers
but they blessed bay with sneakers so
they sent Nina a pair as well she's got
these low table joints right here she
got the grey with the marble midsole and
then she got some special packaging too
because she got like this foam packaging
and she got this colorway and this
colorway is clean the all-white colorway
it kind of honestly looks like a cream
color weight not just like a straight
white colorway but unfortunately Under
Armour if you guys are watching this you
sent her the wrong size you guys sent
her a size six on both of them so yeah
she can't she can't fit these so she has
a size six in the low tops and then a
size six and the high tops
so Under Armour um I hate you guys help
i'ma text you guys and I'm gonna tell
you guys that that like her she's a size
seven but we really do appreciate it for
you guys to send out nuts not only
sneakers for me but for her and I guess
I could kind of hint at this but in the
near future we are going to be starting
a channel just for Mina because you know
there's not too many females in the
street where slash sneaker world of
YouTube and I feel like there's a lot of
opportunities for her to be able to you
know review and show different products
for the female consumer because as you
guys know like we just went to that
Jordan Brand event
Jordan is moving in the direction of
having certain sneakers just for women
so obviously they're looking for more
influencers and stuff like that who are
females who would do product reviews and
stuff like that so Mina's channel will
be coming soon so stay tuned for that
we're gonna be promoting it crazy that
was a lot of talking right there okay
yeah so that is pretty much all the
stuff that I originally unbox but it
like I said I deleted it tomorrow I
leave to Philly which I'm super super
excited about you boys going to the
Royal Rumble I cannot wait to be out
there in Philly let me know how the
weather is out there tweet me and let me
know how the weather is because you boys
gonna pack
than that I'm not gonna ramble on too
long I just want to end this vlog by
saying please subscribe if you have not
joined the crew already I don't know
what you are doing with your life
because this is the hottest hypebeast
channel on YouTube that's right I said
it no I'm kidding I'm not I'm not taking
that title I've actually been thinking
of dropping the biggest hype beast on
YouTube title one because too many
people have been saying it too because I
just think it's time to move on from
that and three because just kidding your
boys the heipiess world champion anyway
yeah I'm out of here thank you guys for
watching and one more time before we
leave quick plug for crap protect the
best sneaker cleaner in the world you
know your boy gotta get that plug in no
real talk I'm taking this with me to
Philly because if it is snowing or
raining this gonna keep my shoes clean
so yeah we out of here guys thank you
for watching I'm out thumbs up subscribe
all that good stuff
