Chicago I'm on my way
so I get excited for every single
sneaker calling but for some reason I
think this is the most excited I've been
the last two hoops classics that we had
we're phenomenal and this time we're
going super big I think the reason why
I'm the most excited is because it gets
all of us youtubers together now I know
there's a ton of us at sneaker cons all
the time with the hoops classic there's
way more there's more of us and you
never know who's going to pop up you
know it's going to be crazy it's going
to be lit it's going to be exciting ya
feel me stay tuned it's going to be late
town party yeah that's try to fight bro
for Game one I did alright so we bought
the board right now everyone in here the
thing that sucks about our flight is it
starts it takes off at five and Game one
of the finals starts at five
but let's get our NDA prediction who's
winning the NBA Finals in what seven
calves in seven four years or seven
Katie for years and Katie quark barking
and you get a word ha dead stock room
hi guys so we're on the plane right now
let's go leave me and often adjust the
middle row and it's empty
that's dope hopefully they have live tv
on the plane so we can watch Game one if
not then it's all good you know same we
go on a game five anyway various layout
prediction I need warriors tonight hey
LeBron I hate have so it's not even a
prediction of I meet LeBron loose
because leaves at the top or do you guys
a shot down Windy City
see we made it Chicago vod's let's just
say I smell the air and I'm talking
about Jordan it was a super quick flight
and a huge shout-out to American
Airlines for the live TV because we got
to watch the Warriors dominate the Cavs
in Game one it was a crazy game one man
like there were so many dunks K deep
like dominated it was amazing yeah how
can Leo they're going to win it but then
I remember they already lost B course I
think it's too hot oh yeah we won leaves
last year in one answer we're both
blowouts and golden face but Katie's at
it
whoo all right guys we just got to the
hotel
everybody has separate rooms so we're
gonna run up on that's good to see whoo
whoo whoo we who we come across first
I guess oh I found my first you ready
they're ready in the wrong hello in a
minute in a minute are you sure they're
ready for this are you ready for a are
they ready for it he has been in the
vlog in a minute ready can we do it we
do it no 60 seconds it's a Torino Force
already ready you know I do so introduce
I just reading a book in a freaking
plane but also insert footage of what
you reading you play this who pulls out
of put a book look he pulls out a book
and then he goes yeah okay no relieved
that he never he hasn't been on like his
blog for a while you ready for the game
- I'm ready bro I'm excited it is you
man now gonna be on my birthday so I'm
gonna have to do go yeah and if I do bad
it's like I'm to see me the worst
birthday it's gonna be so i'm 724 I got
to drive 24 points like watching
anyway guys were about to head to the
gas station now to get some late-night
snacks
I'll look at Mickey
oh hi guys limbs here to swim Sam you
ready you're gonna you know last time we
took a lil but we might you want to play
with me again or not yeah I am roses
don't log I wasn't broke we have a JIT
shot like 14 to 10 for like three if I'm
open should I not shoot no passes well
first of all what is this G I'm trying
to get away from here man paparazzi girl
what do you think come on top of us but
I'm copying it up no you guys right now
I'm gonna win no questions are you
talking this are you going to be MVP see
your Chicago IL beautiful how do
you do that
I don't know well we took like 50 pieces
and then it's about 80 kids listening to
me excuse me excuse me sir oh my god you
do
look at--look guys and on right now the
iPod really sell fake oh my god I smell
fake know we just study them we're just
Stephanie this video older son yeah
that's not a wrong guy wrong guy wrong
guy wrong guy
yeah guys the reason why I'm vlogging
right now they don't have any content
because those on the plane today is
gonna cut just to milania's on
the first face to face Cleveland
Cavaliers throw that jersey away I heard
you had faked even I exposed you today
today chop the melted nothingness to
crazy baby to come
yeah my god yeah there's a couple easily
I get like what Oh
mm more breathing is wrong there's been
the sighs look all right guys Mickey's
fine roommate for the weekend
I know basically we bought I call it a
night it's 2:00 a.m. try to wake up
early to go get a lot of things done
make you brought me a little goodie as
you guys can see from the Mac Park back
it was hard work here just oh yeah
there's Mickey's birthday the other day
I was in London so IOU service
happy birthday Shaun love Instagram
follow him wish him a happy birthday
basically you guys know I've been on my
little supreme vape all kinds of hype
stuff bys lately but I saw this on the
back pocket so Graham and I texted and
Mickey right away and I said I need it
so I've got the michael jackson supreme
t-shirt right the falls called it's not
like a special picture to picture teen
michael jackson not really a supreme
head or anything like that but like i
said before if there's something I like
I'll get it and I wanted to touch on
this topic a little bit because I think
it's kind of like to let people know
what I've learned over the past few
weeks since I've really been like
shopping for supreme in babies even
though supreme and babe are super hyped
the quality is not amazing like I didn't
know babe quality was so crappy until
recently it doesn't make me not want to
buy it though but you know it's still
it's still dope because it's babe I
think babe quality as far as clothing is
worse than supreme but supreme is
actually fairly good it's just like kind
of crap because it's so simple but then
it's like simple is better but I would
say the truth is that bache wallet ii
and their t-shirts is kind of rough
they're shark Liddy's are really
uncomfortable that's why I've never
bought one regardless that's not going
to stop me from wanting to get stuff I
like but I just want to let you guys
know that it is what it is whether it's
a expensive brand or whatever it's like
it's the name that sells you know not
the quality but again yeah supreme is
definitely better than quality but I
personally like paid more and I think I
like paid more just for the because the
patterns and the accessories and just I
just like the brand itself just supreme
as a cop stuff when they're so stuffs
just like this Michael
sure yes I might have to wear this maybe
tomorrow anyway guys has it ha ha oh
