ah back in beautiful LA and I know I
didn't really show you myself getting
from London back to LA because I was
just exhausted and I was like nobody
really wants to see this process but I'm
not here for long I'm literally in LA
for 24 hours I leave to Chicago tomorrow
her sneaker con a lot of youtubers are
going to be there lot of sneaker
youtubers fashion youtubers 2k players
basketball youtubers like it's going to
be insane the lineup for the game is
crazy it's the best player list that we
have and though I don't say rosters
because the rosters aren't set yet
there's going to be a live draft on
Saturday I'm still up in the air of what
shoes I'm going to wear on court so I'm
actually going to go to Melrose right
now to go check out some stores and see
if there's any shoes that I can possibly
wear on court and obviously I've been
hyping up that one box that I haven't
box unboxed but I still don't even know
if I want to wear those yet so those are
still an option but not confirmed yeah
let's just go see what type of vibes we
catch on Melrose and hopefully we find
something but it's not a little we still
good you know
it's so gloomy out here but I love this
weather this is my favorite weather I
get to wear my hoodies my pants be
comfortable since I'm talking about what
I'm wearing I want to do this in the
vlogs I'm not going to do it everyday
but I'll do it whenever I feel like I
have a really dope outfit on I'm going
to show you guys my fits kind of like an
outfit grid but a virtual version of it
I guess something a little quick just
super simple this is what I'm wearing
today
so i'ma hit up round two which I mean
you don't have too many basketball shoes
but they got retros I feel like a
half-time Jordans on my feet
although I didn't buy shoes I wanted I
still got some packages
you know what time it is what's in the
box okay so I need this a little bit
later but welcome as always I got some
goodies unbox for you guys the defending
reigning world heavyweight unboxing
champion 50,000 thumbs up and I will
walk around sneaker collar with this
around my waist this weekend okay no
real talk I'm going to because boxing to
eat this one I can't unbox because now I
know I'm hyping these up but they're
honestly not too crazy I'm going to
unbox this one second I need a knife I
need a knife okay so I got these off of
the goat app and let me tell you guys
something patience is always key there
might be a lot of Louise in the
background that's because I'm doing my
laundry it's very crucial that I do my
laundry today because if I don't do it
today I'm screwed for when I go to
Chicago tomorrow now there might be a
time where you see a dealing you got to
hop on an ASAP but when there's a shoe
and you want it but you know you
shouldn't be paying crazy crazy price
for it Asians is key because along the
road you will get rewarded with the
price that you deserve it's like the
quote in the Dark Knight because the
hero Gotham deserves but nothing what it
means
the reason why I talk about patience is
because I was patient with these shoes I
didn't jump on them when they first got
out I couldn't get them for retail which
obviously is the first right the second
thing is having to pay resale and
unfortunately when these shoes first
came out the first day the first Harry
day these shoes were going for a
thousand plus literally a thousand five
dollars and I didn't want to pay a
thousand dollars but a day later they
went down to like 700 a day after that
they went to like 600 500 400 and then
it got to the point where it was in
between 300 and 400 and I was like you
know what I pulled the trigger so that's
why I say patience is key because I
didn't need the shoe I wanted to shoot I
know I shouldn't be paying $1,000 for
the shoe I wasn't sure whether the
market was going to go up or down it's
kind of questionable but I waited and I
saw that it wasn't going up it was going
down and I copped them I got these for
about $350 I believe off of the joke
apps when I need to know how much the
price of a sneaker is a check go because
people it's really it goes with the
market you know example what is Red Bull
give you the wing Air Jordan 1 finally I
got my hands on the wing Jordan one I
made sure that I did not see the shoes
in person until I had my pair in my hand
and these are just freaking sick man
those wings that you saw in 212 are
right here they kind of gave it
butterfly wings
oh no oh jeez are going to hate this
review right now on the front it's got
no Nike Air has no jump man it's got
Michael Jordan and that very very famous
probably one of the most famous and most
iconic pictures of all time holding his
hands out and holding the ball in one
hand and that's definitely if it's not
the best it's one of the top-five best
photos that's ever been taken of an
athlete I have to say on the inside of
the shoe it does say everyone can fly
usually when you see a number 2 it's not
such a high number this one goes all the
way to 19,000 and 400 this one is pair
2005 it's not a crazy build number but
it is what it is you're the branch
channel debate got to show you guys that
gold pendant on the back that has Jordan
doing that wing pose as well beautiful
beautiful beautiful sneaker very happy
now I said I was going to do something
different that's going to happen with
this box now this is a sneaker that you
guys probably know that I bought because
I mentioned that I bought it what I want
to do is I want to livestream my
unboxing because I've never done a live
unboxing so I'm going to do it on
Instagram if this part of the vlog seems
kind of weird is because I'm focusing on
this but I'm recording myself with that
and it will all go together and it will
be something different so let's see
check in connection three two one we're
live oh wow look guys within a few
seconds we got 700 people and 1-800
people we're one of the top live people
on Instagram right now javis so I get
Diddy don't forget we're going to be a
Chicago this weekend for the hoops
classic we're going to Chicago Saturday
Sunday June 3rd and 4th these are the
lawns Oh balls right here the big ball
of bran lawns Oh balls I got these from
Lonzo ball himself I'm skinning at it
these are not the logs Oh balls now not
behind them things that's a pair of
Gucci shoes you know I'm saying I'm not
going to pay 600 $700 for no frickin
ball that's where than it has everything
ain't have been drafted yet I'm gonna
let you guys get can anybody comment and
guess what in this box right here
everybody's going to leave this
livestream after I show up these are the
black and yellow new love Jordan ones I
got these on finish line comm for retail
I'm really happy that copies I've been
wanting these since the first ones came
out in the pack let me put you guys on
maybe some of your comments will pop up
on there if anybody wants to be in
tomorrow's vlog this is your chance to
get plugged right now your real one this
is better than my stupid lecture I hope
so hey okay here I'm giving you guys
time to get plug GM get out of here GM
you can't get plugged you already get
plugged you got plugged for a whole
freakin two weeks on tour you don't need
to to be a near famil okay that's it
guys I'm out of here peace good night
let me know what you guys think was the
better pickup was it the wings for $400
or was it the new loves for
retail this is probably one of the worst
unboxing segments I've ever done because
I was just saying the worst and corniest
think apologies ahead of time or I mean
after time all right getting ready for
tomorrow Chicago I'm excited but I'm
also a little crapped out because as you
guys know I always release exclusive
merch for every city and Chicago was no
different but unfortunately for the
first time ever there was two huge
problems and what had happened was the
hats were never put into production it
was just a miscommunication and there's
no one to really point fingers out so
I'm not going to be like oh it's just
this that no it just didn't it was just
miscommunication so the Hat I got the
call that they wouldn't be able to get
done so we scratched the hat and then
the next day which was yesterday I found
out that the jacket wouldn't be able to
be produced in time for sneaker Colin
the jacket was supposed to be the
first-ever Ballman that I released which
I was really really excited about
because it was supposed to be like a
very dope NASA themed jacket this order
was placed but it wasn't placed in time
I'm still releasing the t-shirt the
t-shirts are done they are going to be
available this is what the t-shirts look
like that's the front logo the logo is
pretty much inspired by the NASA logo
but instead of the regular red lining
that goes to the middle I put a v2 line
and then the back of the shirt pretty
much has an illustration that I came up
with and then I had Sam bait turn it
into cartoon form and it's basically an
astronaut in space reaching for the EZ
and what's convenient is and what's dope
about it is that he's kind of doing the
count man pose
kind of showing how the culture has
shifted people used to go out to the
Jordan but now they're going after the
easies the shirt will be available
there's only a hundred of them but since
there's only one shirt that's available
I also have decided to bring the camo
shirts so the camo black and white with
the pink riding all of a sudden shirts
will be available I think we made a
couple of those this is the good thing
you really want to make the one a fifty
half I always keep five of them one of
them goes to my well I always keep six
of them one of them goes to myself and
500 form used to go usually go to
friends
so since I literally just got back and I
haven't given them to anybody I'm going
to give you guys dibs on it so Chicago
we got five of these these don't do not
say London on them they really just say
dream crew and then they've got those
like off-white types of stripes on the
side so Chicago you do get one exclusive
which is this hat you get the exclusive
t-shirt the NASA one and I don't plan
I'm never going to remake that shirt
it's only for you guys we're going to
restock the black and pink camel one I'm
just going to bring a few shoes to give
away and do I have anything else to say
I know today's vlog was not really
filled with to too much crazy stuff and
that's just because like like I showed
you earlier literally just by packing
and doing laundry and unboxing shoes and
going to Melrose for 30 minutes and then
coming back home laundry's done I said I
would do a CREP patek giveaway every
single flaw in the month of June and
that's what I'm going to do every single
log starting right now we're going to do
a CREP protect giveaway and this is how
we're going to decide who gets the win
all I want you guys to do is drop a
comment down below and comment who you
think I should take as the number one
pick in the stink of con hoops classic
the comment with the most thumbs up will
be the winner make sure you leave your
Twitter handle on there or your
Instagram handle so I can DM you if you
win that's how I'm deciding today's
winner may be in tomorrow's video I'll
pick a winner another way oh and hit the
thumbs up you have to hit the thumbs up
if you don't hit the thumbs up your
automatic do all about automatically
disqualified unlike future I'm putting
my mask on you guys can try it on bye
guys don't don't you have
cuz we got badass - now we got bad bad
don't
