cough it up
heard about that exit
Richie targets or SNS right now sneakers
and stuff checking out what they have
nothing really worth caught in but
taking a look around I feel like I look
like the Michelin tire you guys yes they
will make fun real you just say
all right so today is our last full day
here in London yesterday we basically
started off the day Ryan picks us up
don't kill us on that and I got rocky
ah-choo and we are going to the grand
opening of the first-ever consignment
shop in London presented by is actually
a line and we're going to pull up I
didn't ever watch any at you
guys
because all you're having fun first time
to go to work hey how's it going guys
he tells me he goes to LA save some
money goes out like two weeks looking
for you that's like yeah let me go find
Carmen Sandiego robo-moe Melrose Yoda
bellerose there's your first pair Jordan
I have a 100 feet on my first student
out of I gotta do it oh my
alright guys so let's look at some of
the stuff they have here first of all I
see some samples behind the register
there's like a fakie like a fake easy
print what that held of literally this
is legit right such as also like crazy
sample the PDA cos mind if they look
like everyone you know what seamless and
you or leave that the Jesus quite a
shock
yeah my tongue is crazy I thought oh
that's so crazy
looks like a hike you actually made it
thicker for - yeah they're - colder air
Monty if we add a kick drywall does not
even actual paint on here no it's about
him both three stripes
we got the carpet that cupcake these are
not for sale it's been a minute since I
want I like I'm on a really big leading
they should have told me not but I want
stick times before that come on time
I've got faith in you talk sorry
tomorrow how many pairs of yellow human
races do you have around five pairs - my
first how many Turtledove seven days in
case you never know you never know when
you might grow a third leg something
images actually you gotta have that
mindset those are coming up in 2018 2018
United already get all this I met the
guy for cement you made a folder it in
it
those are eight I think they proposed JP
now I don't know if you thought them but
if you want them maybe a conditional
they have the holy
this one - dorri oh oh yeah I'm God
level on Instagram yeah follow me right
thanks
you gotta kiss
so it's starting to sprinkle a little
but we're going to try to stay in door
for most of the time we're in adidas now
see what they got in here unless you
just buy the stores you get retirement
confirming their yes I still mink Panama
is like I don't know a permit it is
there are we going wait for the kicker
okay then I'm paying attention it's
currently like one and we leave tomorrow
at 1 p.m.
all my sneaker con and I was going to
say Vegas London pickups my first pickup
was the Air Max 97 gold bullets I guess
that's what they're calling the
Selfridges for retail I need the silver
Berlin bullets
I took Dan Souls out because they're
pretty tight sure got ten and a half
this was the only site they had those
attend sneaker calling you guys already
saw that I got these gifted to me by the
homie hyper dunk one of the my favorite
basketball shoes ever I remember when I
used to have the China hyper dunk so
from when they first came out he said
whooping them rolled my ankle pretty bad
in these one time but might use these
for a future hoops classic and then I
also picked these up from sneaker Kong
and this is a shoe that I really wanted
this is the undercover I believe right
bands collab just a great colorway with
little flowers on it
translucent bottom with flowers
underneath I got these for 160 pounds I
believe which is kind of about 200
dollars really happy I got II have been
wanting these for a minute and then I
bought these for my house kind of like
some house slippers apartment slippers
and they cost me about sixty pounds
which is probably close to like a
hundred dollars Versace house slippers
this is kind of an arrogant purchase put
whatever I think it's going to be keep
my toes on even though summers coming up
nice Versace how's the purse effect very
soft towel material again we are leaving
London tomorrow I'll be in LA for
Tuesday Wednesday and then we leave to
Chicago on Thursday obviously this
coming weekend
we got the sneaker con hoops classic in
Chicago June 3rd is going to be the live
draft and the three-point contest as
well as the rookie game and then June
4th is the actual basketball game with
all of your favorite youtubers but
before Chicago also today is the last
day of the NBA Finals giveaway with CG
so by the time you guys are watching
this the contest has already ended and
we will announce the winner and contact
the winners probably today because we
need to book tickets and hotels and get
tickets for the NBA Finals and the ads
crazy question any last words something
you guys need to be louder in Chicago
you need to be calmer so Kostas could it
be Chicago is going to be sold not
London is there just answer subtype of
people our hair is they're very calm a
very proper end it may but they still
show the same amount of love like they
do a day today people should have lost
love out here on the streets like people
didn't even know I was here
I'm just walking someone comes with me
like what are you doing here nice you
could convert all love man it's not that
we're not dissing you guys we're just
we're just not used to a reason we're
not use people house and probably out
anywhere as American I used to class
them and being proper and versus
connecting gentlemen we're used to like
yeah going crazy and stuff what happens
in our first international one so let's
get ready for the next Australia anyways
alright that's it come on
