alright guys so today is the big day
sneaker con London is upon us and we are
on the way we had about an hour drive
because of the London traffic and weird
Street I'm really excited to see the
vibe all the trainers that are going to
be in the building a personal London
sneaker we don't have personal changes
you have about personal issues
who invited this guy on he should be a
fashion card all of a sudden why we here
man
now I'm not nervous I'm just crunch time
we got to get everything set up are we
have two hours ha ha don't hit me guys
were taken over your vlog
that's a night mag don't hate me
that's what they don't be on the camera
yeah behind radio I would say a grown
man and all the other moments on tape
for my first title mark time again from
you to here the way I remember when you
tell them their soccer players when
they're done with they match the
exchange jerseys yeah there you go cause
you don't need to get them to do that's
my first one right there from Christ
many more will collapse coming soon
we're not ready don't call for a while
how's your trip oh actually it go so
five but I'm excited say it's like New
York to me really it's like New York but
a lot more a lot more runners a lot more
fans and broke a lot of a hat and made
it down from dr. gig all right guys so
if you see all the artwork as far as
like the cartoons and the shirt design
show them the shirt designs this is the
man that creates that I send him an idea
and he turned it into cartoon form
graphic form whatever you want to call
it but this is the genius behind a
square mile Jerry's about three hours
away from here so you know I always link
him but we'll link him right here we'll
tag him follow him for his dope artwork
and I appreciate all the money I pay him
don't worry we pay him we give him money
make more yeah we got you we got you
don't give a raise we don't give them
already
look at a sample pan from Tony and both
line just show you some of the crazy
shoes hyperadapt for our Futurecast easy
I forgot what these are called but I
need these in my life
pigeon over here all of the same shoes
presented on colors
I still say hi to the youtubers
getting deported brother again oh you're
kiddin braces illegal I'm a tree enacted
all right ready
Oh any what everyday they came out okay
man I just wish I was a little bit
smarter about shooting them out here
yeah clipping it I uh I'm excited to be
here I think it's going to be great yeah
there's a lot of people out there you go
out there ya know but from when you told
me someone else told me that it's gone
way more than that I believe and I just
think that they're not like the one they
recognized me hot outside and - maybe
they're not as as aggressive thank you
for I appreciate that you know what I
got from him up here at home and already
already he's doing it Oh a friend a
brand-new how do you even got it already
how'd you get that out here these are my
size talk let's utilize and - phones
won't have the plug-in look it's almost
did our guys you got to say what's up -
Ross hid money cake
Ross's watch it
wise enough he's not saying respond
rocket oh I know you can sell mannequin
challenge mannequin challenge
like 5050 Alice's it but he could have
us 9 you pee yeah so why was the harvest
at the big size I like these black with
the bran it's all like runners and boost
in
thank you guys right yeah an ad yeah
yeah all nine keys all the time
thank you guys that might push God
Oh
my video gotcha oh you got yo-yo
that's why I say wait is it a video I
mean that's so obvious that I'm saying
that's always question girls I wolf
where you would like to eat it the
Colorado where Maslow yeah exactly 200
pounds
what is that like $250 almost 300 she
know nothing found there wasn't 380 what
my on I got to do man I got to do my man
well let me see how much these are going
for all you got to be smart to the
conversion all right guys so sneaker con
is officially started the doors have
opened and of course we got a line right
here let's go y'all London's a little
shy so they're not going to get to turn
right now but anyway guys we got all the
merch right here and got the wavy baby
collab if you baby collabs available on
wavy baby calm today folks if you want
to get your stuff
great even on Twitter a I didn't think
so
special under there few things did I'm
saying who wants a hot it's still Falls
you they liked me room so my dudes
pulled up with the masks on come on bro
cause like you know what all of a sudden
man I gotta join them I gotta join them
okay so what Hartman and what you just
fold up found that matter was that olive
green olive IDEs olivine olivine shout
out to my man for doing all the dope
camerawork today the lines going good
everybody's chilling London vibe they're
so calm I was like everybody make noise
alike yeah sisters already survived yeah
they prop I in there but they still show
loves everything is like there's still
crazy device London they give gives any
give gifts no diet
okay so yesterday was a music has a pair
shoes for me I'm like really and then he
pulled up right now and he gave me these
so shout out is a face of black Kobe
Piper done
thank you our yogurt yes definitely good
time another bar faster oh my god oh my
god let it happen so I cook your shoes I
think it means you know I love you yeah
so I think thank you I would record
computers it will be my collection
forever
think I might you know I might wear this
to honor at you so I appreciate one
device a bit of unknown blogs take over
for guys here look how long this line is
an hour we went that pill about them
here been an hour
you all inside
Linnea professor the shipping is closed
to them simply shipping it makes up for
the price of it
or is it Imus you made it my grandmother
is worth so she put it out I should go
back in the blue part oh really
we attorney before he gets me with my
first vlog shoutout to my channel so
much name is Tony D so while checking in
this all the sudden exam so examine that
you already noticed you already know
yeah baby my later
Elano just some young ones that made it
to legend I'm down like let's do it
with it the things Ryan brings the
seeker college acrobatic but unison the
Boy Wonder
heard about that
alright guys so we finally had to cut
off the line because it was not going to
end you can cut in in like 40 minutes or
so i'ma walk around but I still got love
around everybody hanging out my man
right here want to be in the ballgame um
can i get a shout out to Ruben a dog who
couldn't make it and instagrams here
underscore Nash underscore all sudden
all of a sudden BAM they it's the IDB
wax goat and one of a sudden some lunch
s around here keep it really awesome
Acosta yeah go ahead
Cleveland born and bred oh hell
sorry shouted screw to screw the Walmart
on Facebook join our Facebook group for
called to talk join worldwide domesticus
yeah yeah hey shout out to my man
Tyrion's on crew collection yes sir you
got any new neat new new fixes Oh year
anniversary pictures bring to the first
egg launch all night that you saw please
well I was like I don't your lines
over we cut it off is that why you're
hiding Supernanny I look like a 59
oh my god guys New York on London was
amazing shout out to everyone that came
yeah let's just say the vows were made
that we might have to come back that's a
hint but anyway it was the old
manor-house everybody who came shut up
everybody who showed love picked up
Murch it was a great great very
successful day if you wanted some of the
wavy baby merch it will be available
today on juku calm so make sure is this
art uber I think that's over oh shout
out to this guy because this guy got a
lot of luggage for me he kept picking up
my Cameron getting me footage and
usually I don't get to get footage
because we're just doing the meet up but
he saved me so we're going to link up
down below make sure you guys check out
his channel number he's a high P stuff
I'm the high piece of a Cali is a high
piece of London I've got you publish on
yeah so yeah man it was dope and we're
actually this is the first time that
we're actually doing something after
speaker con there's a private opening of
the current protect cleaning store slash
presented by consignment shop so we're
going to go tonight is going to be
industry vibes networking talking with a
whole bunch of people I'm exhausted but
priorities I am a brand ambassador so I
got to show up I got a connect I got to
meet people I got to talk and we got to
have a good time
I pull up and they got the freaking
crepes with text this is a six wheeler
the matte black with the glossy prepa
Tec logo but to say I'm beneath the
figures for a ride smells like fresh
wood in here London's first assignment
shop looks like huh
he's like a father yeah yes she does up
top you don't have like a projector on
it honor like a a 3d airmax cutout and
it keeps changing to different air maxes
that's insane and then they got the
keymaster right here and these are the
cleaning chairs right here with the
waterfall this is bra this is next level
like these sit down right here put your
feet right here to get your shoes oh my
god this they killed it with this like
peachy
yeah total focus chicken right yeah I
don't know Lee does chicken all right so
this is my second time recording this
outro because I'm so tired that I forgot
to turn on the mic I don't even have a
mark on manual focus and no data camera
whatever you're unfortunate you have a
mark on you yeah okay quick update the
NBA Finals giveaway where I'm giving
away two tickets to the NBA Finals to
find out how to enter go to my Instagram
of doing it with Jesus so go find out
facial rules on my Instagram account on
the picture of me at the Kobe game you
can literally win a whole trip to go to
the NBA Finals with me next thing this
door opens tomorrow we got the online
drop for the wavy baby collab today make
sure you guys hop on it shout out to
everyone who copped it today at secret
on London Chicago we will be there this
coming weekend June 3rd and 4th for the
secret con hoops classic make sure you
guys come it's going to be so freakin
lit you called you call the Ruben yeah
say hi you guys yeah yeah all right
goober - yeah good night yes super freak
you welcome to shop microphone so I'll
get the camera
alright let's go
