I got my intro for the day what's a good
crew family day - out here in beautiful
London it is Friday it is a beautiful
Friday out here I can't wait to hit up
some stores today we're going to go shop
in we're going to check out some Bob's
we're going to have a great dinner
tonight with a CREP protect family so
I'm really really excited tomorrow
sneaker concert today is more of like a
chill relaxed type of day we're still
going to have tons and tons of fun like
I said according to my Gucci watch 10:00
a.m. so we can do day started and let's
have a good time today man
let's see what's on feet first
either just got to Soho
right now which is like the shopping
area of London and we're going to go
ahead up adidas nike hmm
Topshop whatever stores coming the way
do our shop and get it out of the way
for a Friday beautiful Friday no fire
cakes of this name he's a little bit one
on display cook yeah what women's
occupations men's seven Pena UK 9u k9u
waterproof races protect I need them to
send me some of these I'll probably get
them tonight on it
actually both for London document horse
TV so that screams rocks in order to get
it done yes I will be great well I'm
gonna call you yeah yeah jinda yeah
because I was watching like other screen
videos
all right so we're just chillin on the
streets and my man came up to me and
I've actually seen some of some of his
videos he's a vlog or two so yeah I'm
the unknown vlogs and I'm out here on
London's run class about London's first
Street where water right and it's weird
because I'm the only one walking around
hoop myself yeah not anymore now you got
there's three of us guys so we're
walking around Soho I haven't caught
anything yet I'm trying to be very very
picky like anything I won't be able to
get back home paulus yeah let's go to
Palace I don't want to get anything that
I can possibly get back home and you
know I don't know if it's going to be
too expensive more expensive or whatever
the conversion rate is here I got Mina
doing the math for me when we see
something we like but we haven't caught
anything Supremes line was way too long
we're not trying to wait there I'm
pretty sure they don't even have
anything crazy because I don't know I
just don't think they have anything
worth coffee shop to Jacob Richard
Julian I'm deals
yes I'll be panchayat yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Mina disappeared his always like heaven
for her so she disappeared but shout out
to my man for showing us all the dope
squad we did not even plan to meet up
you just saw me and then we linked up
and I go let me show you around I'm like
alright so he took me to all the ghost
walks I didn't have to Google anything
he told me that there's a store that has
faith for retail it's like a base store
inside of a department store right yeah
how you know about this I don't know
about it's like I've not used this base
being in front of my face for retail so
I'm really excited so we're going to go
there after Zara I'm excited now because
vapor retail I might go crazy I might go
broke it's your fault if I go broke we
got the base
okay and I get ASAP oh my god now I'm
going bankrupt bruh I'm tapping into the
saving
yeah but my nose I folks yeah before
hard or tiny they have the shoe that you
thought man I got by 10 I'll just play -
I got em for Rico and finish line
they're only $110 a 90-pound here right
they put MVP MVP MVP was that a penis oh
that's his mom's name
so we write everything on on the right
side all right dammit it all you find is
good so far man yes good enjoy
tomorrow's gonna be crazy yeah yeah yeah
already I'm gonna go I'm definitely a
common often sports them yeah we're
talking about second moon there won't be
any girls for you there will be put an
operation he tried especially to you
Thank You girls you got sneakers I knew
all of us it was good oh my god guys are
you banging on your chest I'm banging on
my chest I'm not doing bad about selling
excess unreasonable eggs anyway these
people apparent everywhere all my
YouTube founders the wine the whole path
independent
yeah pretty much they have the Air Max
97 that I've been looking for finally
gone up for retail patients appear
alright guys so we just left the
shopping area and it was actually pretty
dope I only bought one thing which was
the gold airmax 97 I didn't even buy
anything from babe which I was so
excited for but controlled myself
because the money difference evens it
out with resale prices in LA so it's
kind of like I mean it's a little
cheaper but I was just like there wasn't
anything that I was like going crazy
over but yeah we're on the way to the
venue we have until 5:00 and it's
currently 442 so we'll have about like
20 minutes to just organize our food
music America 20 hours away from the
first ever international sleeping con
you already know what it did was
my size is somewhere in here but I'll
get it tomorrow but this is the London
exclusive hoodie got the three most
popular adidas midsole nmd easy ultra
boost just like a little design here
component on the back simple this does
the date venue day cream on Ibiza
filming
we are you guys on the same team you see
because we for the game alright guys so
we're leaving sneaker Conte and this
venue is freaking crazy it's on the
second level of the building and then
crap protect has like four boots
there's a CREP protect basketball court
and on top of that like it's going to be
so freakin late protect is going to have
a mag display with three pairs I believe
of Auto lace mag so hopefully they can
let me borrow any film I just throw it
on my feet we didn't even get to set up
guys but we got to like see where all
the merch was and put it back in to get
ready for tomorrow we're going to be
here bright and early tomorrow I'm
excited man it's probably one of the
most you know anticipated sneaker cons
to date yo where you been all day gee
I've been involved know one of the worst
experience in that box adjust to our zoo
hours to get my merch 4head guys they
held his merchant by customs and do what
he said it's not a medical emergency and
I said mulling my whole business
realizes it's a million dollar contract
if I don't get my merch I'm million
dollar contract is gonna lose my whole
life he said that yeah I get it
alright so I'm not actually vlogging
with my usual a DD tonight I'm vlogging
with the canon g7x just because we're
going to like a dinner and you know I
want to be comfortable with holding a
smaller camera rather than that big
thing we all have the same Drive
to God does
the rest
anyone finally got to our destination
we're kind of late but it's all good you
don't say the party don't start til I
walk in and anyway this is a jacket that
I was hyping up that I bought for London
you feel me got that off white off-white
oh let me give you that get that let me
get some stuff ooh can't take any
because I'm wearing off-white oh look at
Ryan's car you guys know Ryan writes BMX
this guy made himself a Yeezy 350 v2 car
with the adidas stripes on the back with
the adidas logo they're probably gonna
take him for copyright on that one
but BAM oh my god easy car in London
okay hold on take a thumbnail for me
okay let's go got some my dude abandoned
me left me in LA no you don't made all
what happened and they're telling me
going to cost me $30,000 per set up my
dude from Dubai my wife let me travel by
myself and the best shoe tuber in the
world right here Thank You Man thank you
think as a fan
I've ever gone it's the first time I got
a little pink right here
survive would you get fish I'm going to
cut that out of the world which one goes
on gig dinner at Nana's Padma he stole
your hero your word looking out thirty
thirty or did you steal that from have
no monsters gonna run white boy
thirty film expose should we stay on
that side then three M I need this
cameraman
rocking out yo that's not 3m right there
don't have 3m racer lock in broke okay
let me show you my new car guys first of
all adidas don't sue me I put a do this
logo on here and then we got the three
strike me my right this is 3m on some
dodgy non 35th over and then on the
tight supply I got my bicycle the back
actually started riding my bike I
learned how to hop plaintiffs were to go
I never I don't believe in in some of it
you can hop on my bike anyway
thank you for the autism y'all I can't
see that round on you oh my god this is
so weird I feel like I'm driving a gold
card cars you didn't one favor and just
put your foot to the floor for one
second at least for one night money
logos yet and there's a transfer huh
okay watch the curb oh you mean like
touch the gas yeah and I guess sort of
law clause would look and when there's
not I was not to the floor or good title
role you run the red light together at
all the line is back there
telex ago but cigar - gosh I was on the
wrong side of the road buddy she tell me
right there boy so driving on the
opposite side of the road wasn't bad but
it's hard to remember that you have to
like physically be on the other side of
the road as well you didn't know
whatever get my bredrin ha ha ha ha ha
hey what's going on everybody out here
the prize I haven't been deported yet oh
it's like almost worse than LA I tweeted
I even posted on my Twitter it said I'm
3.2 miles away and it said ETA an hour
and 15 minutes ever I was like what if
they make you like take turns and turn
and turn and there's roundabouts yeah
where it's and every roundabout has like
six exits it makes me appreciate the
big-ass freeways we have at home we're
going to be so exhausted too right when
we get back we go to Chicago the next
weekend you're going to be there yah go
go with a car that drives on the
correction one week guys don't forget
the hoops classic we're going to be
playing basketball the live draft is
three-point contest the rookie game I
might be the waterboy so what make you
like an S something coach assistant
coach just a coach there we go and also
another reminder since I'm already
talking hello to you guys as you guys
know I'm dropping the wavy collab the
wavy baby collab at sneak peak on but
we're also releasing it online this
Sunday so tomorrow it will be online but
it is very very limited we did not make
too many of
collection so make sure you guys hop on
it ASAP it's going to be on wavy baby
Tom so I'll link their website down
below it's not going to be on dream
Kukoc so I want that collab which is
super limited the first time that we're
doing a collab together yks I want it
online release online movies for you
guys
