oh yeah Wow they won in London so what
what's the word I'm looking for
continuing from earlier because we just
ended the last vlog and we're starting
it within an hour because of the time
difference but we're all dressed ready
we met up with Ahmed yg ovo you know
what I've been on their own adventure
for the past week or so so go check out
their channel will cause this channel
check out his my vlogs guys candles lit
multiples plant my blog from creepy but
anyway we're going to go grab some food
probably at Nando's which is like known
for their chicken out here hopefully we
can eat that I don't know Pig either
yeah Nike Nike labs around here too so
we might have to make that and I want to
go to like supreme and stuff like that
but I don't know today is going to be
the shopping day just as Authority like
6 p.m. that might be all tomorrow but
we'll see how the vibe is let's just say
speak your heads in London part 1
okay so we just stopped that Nike lab
real quick and there was a few things I
wanted but I didn't pull the trigger
because we just got here like I don't
want to rush in bye good luck take a
picture right here though no no no I'm
wearing Nike Omar in Jordan I could take
a picture with the Nike lab or should I
take it inside with like that sitting
area I'm just like this way okay fine
not little porches portrait Conor yeah
I'm even excuse me Seth I love that you
got the new air max trainer excuse me
you wanker there's no more trainers over
here you sold out really get out of here
you bloody fool
all right so we're walking here on the
street and I see this and I'm like what
the hell is this
a CREP protect box right but it's for
you to put your old shoes and trainer so
they called sneakers trainers here but
that's what protects they run London you
know say I might have to come donate
some shoes later I flew you over here
with ties to things so he get done and
I'm just joking so we just ate I know
I'm not really showing you anything but
I don't do the food time-lapse we've got
to get ran over like 50 times by these
damn tour bus the bus the bus tomorrow I
want to go to a hellish stores I'm gonna
wake up early imma go um if y'all going
I want to go to like a dream I'll wake
up early every single time we gotta wait
let's sleep I'm gonna wake up here I
want to wake up hella early advice to
the to the end if you're going to go
with me y'all either with me or you're
against guys in the morning i'ma go bike
yeah cuz I want to go get all my
time-lapses for the rest of the weekend
yeah like some take a shot yeah I know
it's never done it decide every city
imma do little bike ride
listen teammate hahahahaha hi man very
very well oh oh great the underground
underground don't you
I got uses on me I'm taking bit but
we've taken at least fifty pictures at
five different locations just buy the
damn shirt from him guys there it is
your girl's favorite resource you know
it's funny with a couple right there yo
we should try to find a crazy rooftop
for pictures when people you know
obviously this fire kick - uh sure
3m it's inspired by pallets right you
know what's funny is when people try to
call us out like yo that's hella palace
ripoff like obviously I don't we got I
like got the design I'm like yo that's
dope open my own twist to it
which I just got you for my own name
that's thick your girl's favorite
alright guys so we are on the
underground right now and wait this
ain't under graph this is a fake
underground thank you brother
- office
hello we're walking back now it's
getting darker guys I don't know where
we are
everyone's pretty exhausted man I'm not
jet lag but no I can use a little bit of
rest but we are going to try to go out
tonight
nothing too crazy probably just goes
like it I don't know Turner okay so I
just woke up from a nap it's currently
like 12 o'clock but it's like 4 o'clock
back home so I'm like tired cuz I'm not
tired so I'm going to go to a midwife
Gian will cost his room and I'm just
going to knock the door and I know
they're going to call me how they're
going to say I just came to give long
footage but I'm really going to pull a
prank on them I'm going to tell them
that so you cook on got cancelled that
was big what yeah damn it's just me new
alright guys so yg and what costs have
left the room they went to go I don't
know get food or something I was gonna
prank you is gonna tell you that sneaker
car got canceled but it didn't work
because there's nobody I think we could
take this time to announce something
insane the biggest giveaway that I have
ever done in my life but I'm doing the
10 pairs the easiest but that's when we
reach a million subscribers throughout
these vlogs you guys have seen myself
and Ahmed go to some crazy events over
the past year the concert games all I'm
going to the Portland Timbers game
exactly Drake concert concert over you
last only last game yeah so we went to
some crazy things and it's open at with
partnership with SeatGeek us and sea
geek a partner to you know put you guys
in the seat with us and take you to
these crazy events so that you can
experience it and possibly want to go in
and experience these live events well we
have a huge announcement because we're
taking it to the next level now
basically as you guys know it's the NBA
playoffs right now and the finals are
literally right around the corner ballin
we have partnered with CG to give two
tickets to the NBA Finals but we're not
just going to give it to them yeah that
it can be that simple is that NBA Finals
we're going to go with them so we're
going to give somebody two tickets to
the NBA
finals sitting with the crew together
all of us we go to the NBA Finals
together it's going to be late it's
going to be us it's going to be you guys
you guys get to bring one person so it's
just it's a dope experience we all get
to be together a family a crew together
and watching a classic American pastime
so this is how you guys can enter all
you have to do is post a picture on
Instagram of your favorite live
experience that you have gone to you
have to tag AXI geek in the caption as
well as use the hashtag let's go crew
and I will personally be picking the
winner of the best post so any
experience you had so for instance like
I would have posted about going to
Kobe's last game because that was
something that I will never forget if
you guys haven't gone through concerts
of game just like your sister soccer
game brothers or just anything live yeah
you see yourself in a crowd cheering for
something in front of you and we're
going to pick the winner on May 29th the
reason why the contest ends so soon is
because the NBA Finals start in June and
we want to go already so we can't stall
it any longer so May 29th the contest
will end make sure your profiles are not
on private during this event because I
know a lot of you guys are on private
but make sure by May 29th all your posts
are published for about two to three
days yeah men so it's going to be crazy
man we're going to be able to put an NBA
Finals with one of you guys and as well
as accommodations we'll be taking care
taken care of for you guys and flight so
you'll get flights Hotel covered and you
get two tickets to the NBA Finals and
you get to hang out with us which is
priceless priceless that's pretty much
going to wrap up the vlog for today I
know it wasn't super crazy but it's
already 12 o'clock here in London and we
got to get some rest for tomorrow
because tomorrow we got a lot planned
you're in love one more day for sneaker
con London for you guys because you're
watching this next day shout out to
everybody in London si what's up to us
today we were only out for a couple
hours but the love is going to be crazy
man I'm super excited to see like the
London vibes you know
are we out of here yeah
