yeah yeah I'm feeling like you say what
you wanna win you down a fight um whose
way run around through the darkest
mailing they say Matt the bullshit come
to life so i'ma do it i feel bad and i
fac do what we want to do and go down if
you to the winner of the jordan force I
won't be able to send them out to you
until after London my apologies I'm
running super late and that's my bad but
I'll probably include some more crap for
you
so things are about to be pretty pretty
crazy this morning
currently 10:30 a.m. I was supposed to
leave my house at 9:30 a.m. because we
are leaving to London and our flight is
at 6:45 p.m. but the dilemma is that
Minah doesn't have a car and if you bros
over here it's going to be nearly $200
because you look so far from me to
literally go pick her up and then we're
going to head to the airport together so
we have about three hours from when
she's off of work to get from point A to
point B and I think we should be good
because we need to be at the airport
three hours before our flight or else we
are screwed I was expecting one package
I didn't know I was getting 200 who's
better than one I guess you could start
to vlog out by doing this hit the intro
what's in a fuck
since I'm driving I'm going to have mean
unboxing I got some supreme pickups my
first ever supreme unboxing and foxing
are vitally important the bottom box
like I just realized I can't open it up
for another video and I can't even fill
that video till we get back to Chicago
so just the top box from soul feels I
got another pickup from soul feels
because it just has supreme to their
website they had bait before but they
got supreme so yeah I don't have my
knife with me I'll link them down below
it's one of the trusted websites that I
do use the cashews for crazy deal it's a
membership based website so you get some
crazy deals on there but you have to be
a member
yeah now you're an airplane all right
it's a 3G CVG supreme buddy this is my
first ever I don't know if you would
consider this considered a box logo I'm
not sure are you going to take this up
here
no I'm not actually kind of hot out here
so maybe I should take it to London
oh my gosh it and that's it for us
what's in the box on the road edition
any customers are lame black tea with
cheese with the red one pop around with
the cruise go dumb where we come from
Boise is key needing all the young
against what you needed me are good so
we just got to the airport we're
actually fairly early so we get to like
eat and relax and not stress and miss
our flight
hopefully there's no crazy line but it
doesn't look crazy like when we left to
Dubai it was insane like crazy a lot is
going on with crepper text if you guys
don't know crepitus activate is based
out of London that's where it was that's
where it started so we have like a
private dinner and we have like New York
on where the creb protect has five
freaking booths I believe they have like
a half-court basketball court to do like
if you make the shot you get a free
cr√©pinette package and then sunday is
the grand opening of the first-ever
consignment shop in london and it's also
a consignment shop but then it's also a
CREP protect sneaker cleaning place like
you could take your shoes there and they
will clean it for you so it's like you
can if you don't want to do yourself
just take it there and it's called
presented by and yeah I'll be there on
Sunday so obviously Kirk on Saturday and
then Sunday I'll be at the grand opening
of presented by I don't know what time I
will be there Sunday but we will be
there for an hour or two make sure you
have to come out if you're in London
make sure you guys come out because this
is something
the first ever consignment shop in
London you never know what's going to
happen you never know who's going to be
there I know there's a lot of people who
are represented by crepes that are going
to be here the full weekend so it's
gonna be wild who you never know who
we're gonna run into honestly
so this vlog is literally going to be
super like mushiya move she's fired now
I'm going to get it my day ends right
when I get on the flight because we lose
a day we were leaving today at 6 p.m.
and we get there tomorrow at 1 p.m. so
we lose a full day so not a full day but
we get 10 hours ahead I think it's 10
hours I had another show that I was
going to start from crew kick but I
ended I didn't end up doing it and maybe
I'll bring it out one day but here's a
preview of what it's going to be
basically this is the who have gone to
this guy's house a few times and shown
you guys his sneaker collection but this
is like his we filmed this about a month
ago and it's this most recent collection
I'm sure he's added a few things since
then but since this is like going to be
a boring vlog I was like let me throw
this in there so that it something for
you guys to check out my piece of
Hollywood yeah
I'm feeling like you say what you wanna
when you down to fight a Bruce Wayne run
around through the darkest night and
they say Matt the bullshit I'm the life
to imma do it I feel bad
what's going on guys welcome to the
first edition of high piece of Hollywood
today as you guys can see here with
Blake Linder again we've seen his
collection twice already but today we're
going to be focusing more on just hype
stuff from like babes couches like this
one right here to like hype shoes to
like things on display rather than just
focus on sneakers so yeah we're just
going to chill hang out it's been a
minute since you guys have probably seen
my room but anyway we sort of redid it
I got rid of a couple walls I basically
have this is my main wall I have all my
Nike basketball right here Foamposites
Kobe's Chris Paul's everything over
there Katie for nerf and then these
organ Katie's so yeah these are my
favorites are probably wearing me to
Chicago sneaker cons okay and then right
here I have all my Jordans I have a lot
of Jordan ones just to name a couple
fragment ones Jordan Brand Classic ones
and reacquired yes sir these are the
just Don Jordan ones a lot of people
don't even know that these exists they
only know about the twos but this was
auctioned yeah auctioneer auction I
think it was friends and family I want
to knows awesome realize all of them
were officers someone from yeah I think
if you guys could see the quality but
it's like printed all over nice these
are attending a half a shot on one day
you know when he's ready to sell these
because to me well one of them is a
sample yeah this one is a sample no
number there's no number on the insides
to be a number yeah so yeah it says 999
that means a sample I've been looking
for these will be 0 exclusive yeah
there's like prices on these are like
too high then we got the cost for sky
sky repair these - yeah manager - she
had her companies I don't know why
people are saying quality's not good on
those for the suede it like comes off in
the rubbish I like those oh now you have
the 11th - yeah
I think those two go hand-in-hand that
would have been a path it would have
been created
yeah and they put like the sketch on why
is your stain look Sodor oh it's cuz I
warm them out in the rain oh yeah I
remember the bells ringing so the work I
project that Tokyo flies right here
these are pretty nice the perfect pair
ones if you want to hear you want to
share the number okay you should have
you should have sued them oh yeah they
are numbered 205 out of 300 and of 230
yeah
and there's a black bear tooth what are
those wide it's likely wasn't it right
here we got the Craig Sager Air Force
Ones only a hundred pairs I don't think
I'd ever wear those but the really sick
tab in the collection I don't understand
why Nike had to make it a Nike idea if
it's a non protection they allowed
people to pick this size so whoever had
access to it they got to like pick the
size but I know they're all the same
going up here I got undefeated fours and
then what is this like all your hypes
high pipe if anybody does it's basically
just adidas easy to sand
I recently pick either place not too
many people have these Calabasas I love
these look at that it's so nice to top
off like one of my best adidas pickups
we got the Big Apple enemies only 200
pairs I got 157 when we first saw this
collection it was in that closet in that
back room and it's crazy to see that
it's at this level now so yesterday
actually happen to triple up on me you
guys are probably like wondering why
first of all it was a steal I actually
got our flight lessons what they wanted
I just want to keep a pair like on ice
all right so when it comes to a
sneakerhead you know displaying your
sneakers is key so you got the
containers we've seen those but you know
something that adds to the sneaker room
is like the little accessories and like
you know the carpets of the wall art and
the couches so we're going to take a
look at some of blake some pieces for
his room right now start out with this
couch that you just picked up he has a
full bait couch which is freakin crazy
it's a little small work I mean no I
think it's perfect I think it's perfect
for like you because as a youtuber like
this is like a super dope set up here so
this is what you need and we've got the
pillows got the banana pillow so I'm
still looking for a spot for this but
this is the cream wrap yeah we have
these two coasters right here we got the
baked banana
this is a collab with some Andy Warhol
in my kitchen I have these that I don't
have this set this is from the older set
I believe these are dope yes and you
have quite a few a few bare bricks here
yeah that's a big that's a thousand
percent mom over there right I had
everybody all the shoe tubers and all
the homies signed a pair of top three
ones in Phoenix just as like something
special to keep in the room stuff okay
guys we're on the big couch right now
and guys wanted me to show you some of
my I guess most hyped apparel pieces
including baby supreme so here we got
snow jacket I don't really know what
it's called
this is from the adidas babe collab it
goes with the nmds zips all the way up
the little really warm for you for LA I
feel like but in New York I was wearing
in like I stayed really wants yeah when
you go in those Aspen trips yeah yeah
that's pretty dope that is very pricey
though it's not for everyone but like if
you're a high Pisan it's Freeza so here
we got two supreme pieces that do have a
couple other pieces I got this CDG a
couple days ago this is a peach hoodie
this is a sage these both released last
year these are the most hype out of all
the colorways these go for a grand and
over depends on where you get it these
are things that I don't know if I keep
in the future just because it's like a
it's a jacket it's not like a shoe
doesn't hold that much sentimental value
to me those are my three most hyped
pieces I have a couple other things like
off-white and stuff but this was the
best of the best to show you guys so
alright guys so that wraps up FSO duan
of hype piece of Hollywood again shout
out to Blake Linder for letting us come
over make sure you guys check out his
youtube channel killing it recently what
are you a sub count 251 well two days
you one let's see if we can get him to
300,000 everybody subscribe I am I am
giving away a I'm giving away Sierra's
sweatshirt cake do you only care you get
some zebras link is in the description
box down below and again since this is
the first episode of this new series I
will be going to different high beast
houses all over the LA area showing the
different collections of sneaker supreme
babe
anything hyped I hope I said I hope I
said the standards hash set that bar
high yeah everybody else is gonna fall
like limbo you know I'm saying I'm
dropping more hundreds like swag right
now fast yeah I got that swag vibe since
he filmed last year peace
alright guys so we have made it to
London it will be like make sure you
bring jackets and coats it's going to be
cold here it's usually cold here but the
weather is very very nice our air B&B
got cancelled like they didn't email us
after we booked it just they just
cancelled it on us so we have to get a
hotel so we're going to go to the hotel
which is about an hour away which is in
the heart of London I'm in yg land is
like an hour and a half I don't think
we're going to wait for them because we
won't even fit in a uber anyway London
vibes are here man
attendance is right there
monocle is not good because has been in
Europe for how long four days
imagine if he was the vlogger because
you'd have some crazy vlogs already
let's get out of here I mean why he just
landed but we're not going to fit in one
car so might as well leave you have an
hour drive they're going to leave now
and go get ready alright guys so we just
checked into the room so basically this
is the end of the vlog even though it is
only what 4:00 p.m. right now the reason
for that is just because I will know
that this is this was but to explain it
like right now it's like what time back
home yes morning time so I put after in
the morning no yeah I do my choice or my
house no but tomorrow the next vlog will
be caught up in the day basically when
Americans wake I'm going I'm sticking to
my regular American Times California
time schedule so around like 12:00 to
1:00 o'clock I'll be uploading the vlog
for America time and in London time is
like nighttime so you're not sure so 10
o'clock is going to be like 1:00 p.m.
back home and that's what my vlog will
go up so that's why I'm ending this vlog
here is because starting at 5:00 p.m.
which is like supported everyone you're
not alone up and we're starting a vlog
yeah we are study right there is such a
page log ends now and then tomorrow's
vlog will literally start right like you
say what you wanna win you down a fried
a moose way when I ran through the
darkest night
saying that the bullshit come to light
so I'm adored I feel bad and my plan
