good morning everyone the reason why I'm
starting my day off early is because I
leave to London tomorrow and I have so
many things that I need to take care of
then I head to Santa Monica first
because I need to go pick up something
but it should be a very very interesting
day hopefully I don't hit any traffic
but we should be good because it's still
early what the guys look at this
some dude is just outside my car hey can
I help you - yeah a minute your client
is my camera
okay guys I am perfectly fine that
situation that happened back in my
garage and it was weird but I'm okay he
basically did was this guy I have never
seen before he handed me a box and he
said this is via mafia season this is
from mafia season and I'll unbox it for
you guys later today but I linked their
Instagram in the description box if you
want to follow them we'll talk about it
more later it was kind of weird and
random I don't even know how he got into
my garage because we have pretty good
security in my apartment complex yeah
anyway I got to handle my stuff I'm in
Santa Monica right now I need to go pick
up my jacket I bought a jacket last week
from Barneys but it was on pre-order
pre-order means you pay for it then and
then you pick it up later my date to
pick it up with today and I need it for
London so I have to come pick it up it's
off-white I don't know if i'ma show to
you guys are on my way so I wear it in
London but we'll just see if I have a
title or not for the vlog because if I
don't have a title that I'm definitely
going to use the jacket as that I'm just
going to show you guys that back piece
right there and you can kind of catch a
vibe maybe I'll just wait for London to
show you I don't know yet we'll see how
I'm feeling I don't want to carry this
thing around the whole Tong hang it in
the car
and now we're right back where we
started I feel like I'm in Inception
right now you can be like I have to be
like you just do you just like this so
beautifu sena monica is a place filled
with a lot of memories good times i used
to live very very close to Santa Monica
like I mentioned a few vlogs ago and
it's probably one of my favorite beaches
it's not the nicest beach but it's just
you and you spend a lot of time
somewhere it means a lot to you like we
film pranks here alright guys I got it
what no he's my dad good yeah are you
his guardian humans are still here
spelling the back down put the bag down
right now sir put your foot this put the
bag down topless here we got old we got
it fungi you can't leave that it was
sir hey I mean things are up your needy
right you know just my heart I'm going
to jail
we bought sneakers here
it's atomically like 5:00 a.m. right now
we outside of counselors waiting for
Tobin either six or seven we'll see
here's what we got was the Casey's and
we just hung out hey nice to meet you
man so I ran into some man a best view
logs on the on the net man our cigars
okay I will talk to Doris haha
being so close to the beach even where I
live right now about a 30 40 minute
drive depending on traffic we don't take
advantage of this beauty and it's the
surrounding that it sucks that I don't
appreciate it but when you actually come
and see it and then you're like it's
beautiful foods fun stopping by here
again and I'll be back
it's nice I
I love the journey I'm embracing it
never in a rush limit they retain years
that's okay I'm having fun you living as
a dreamer know you'll never be hungover
to keep it positive these people need us
everybody got potential I'm just
speaking from my heart when I go to
sleep at night all I think about is our
New York attitude didn't take control of
you
take a step closer to your passion do
what you don't you be like how you could
be like Harper you can just do you
because life is so beautiful I have two
people this apartment complex right here
this used to be my old apartment about
five or ten minutes away from Santa
Monica where I just was it was my second
time a lot of people don't know this but
I've lived in LA three separate times
the first time I believe was in about
2012 ish I moved to LA and I was living
with my cousin and he was going to UCLA
at the time and I lived for about three
months with him and then I left because
I didn't like it then I lived in the bay
for a year and then used to hit me up
one day and he's like yo move in with me
and I was here for six months and I
didn't do anything but go broke
I was really unmotivated I was scared
and then I ended up having to go back to
the bay and then I was in the Bay for a
year and then I was at the point of my
life where I was just like I need to be
in LA and I can't be scared and I've got
to make it and that was this chapter
where I've been in LA for the last year
to have and it finally worked
the first two times I lived in LA living
in this apartment all the experiences
everything I learned there that is the
reason why I have been so successful
here in LA the last year and I'm still
nothing like I saw so much to do this
this was the third time this was the
third time that what they say this was
it's the perfect example don't give up
you know what I'm saying I I failed
twice but I didn't give up on what I
really loved and that's entertaining and
trying to make this YouTube thing work
and everything outside of it
the top floor that right there that
apartment right there was ours right
there pretty cool
be like how you could be like Harper you
just do you cuz life is so beautifu yeah
I watch a lot of you service where I get
my inspiration from started making beats
I feel like vloggers always eating
something so I hit okay see nice dad he
replied back since that day I've been
listening to that voice in my head
Mena's over here on FaceTime packing I'm
going to start packing too but first
some dude ran up on me and he gave me a
box like I took what was actually a bag
but you know the intro so I got this box
- so I'm gonna box things but hit the
intro what's in a pot okay so obviously
one things in a bag but one things in a
box you're a world heavyweight champion
unboxer first thing I want to say is
that I will be unboxing this box in
Chicago in two weeks June 3rd and 4th
sneaker con I'm either gonna wear this
for the three-point contest so I'm going
to wear this to the actual game the
hoops classic a sneaker punch just a
friendly reminder let's talk let's find
out what's in these boxes or box in a
bag this one right here is something I
actually ordered off of Nike calm so I
bought it and it's nothing crazy but I
probably I probably will be wearing one
of these during the new spastic Jordan
headband bandana headband maybe where
the Jordan slide off a little bit you
know just play basketball like that I
think that's sick different look on the
court I feel like the red version might
look better because it's more noticeable
because this comes black in my hairs but
I feel like a ninja with this on this is
sick man I could work out with this to
house you work out question mark lol I
like it I'm happy I picked these up as
earlier like I mentioned I was stopped
leaving my garage earlier which is kind
of strange I don't know how the guy got
in and basically he handed me a bag and
he said this is from the Mafia season
gave me the links to the accounts and he
said something crazy is coming I don't
know too many details about it was
actually ton of stuff in here
simple shirt mafia season looks like we
got a maroon one here - these are sick
I'm going to take some of these to
London with me some hoodies we got
hoodies mafia season on the front this
might be what I'm rocking on the plane
tomorrow
mafia season I think this is just a sign
a warning that the mafia season is
coming I've said too much
all right guys so that's going to pretty
much wrap it up for today's vlog I am
going to start packing now with all that
being said we're still giving away 10
years ease when we reach a million
subscribers so don't forget to subscribe
and now I must okay I'm going to put
this away
okay that was too loud I've got a long
night ahead of me I'm going to try to
get as less sleep as possible so that I
can just knock out on the 10-hour flight
to London a time difference is probably
going to affect what time tomorrow's
vlog goes up but I'll try to manage my
time correctly but I'm going to promise
to vlog every single day in London and
do me a favor hit that thumbs up I
really really appreciate it and I'm out
of here
correct yep oh good bye samo
be like I have to be like huh you just
do you just like this Oh
