okay so I'm on Fairfax right now at the
Hall of Fame
Blackheart pop-up and I'm two days away
from leaving America to go to London and
I'm not ready at all I've got a ton of
things that I need to take care of today
and tomorrow going to be all over the
place today there is a pair of shoes
that I want to try to get maybe today
but then I'm like also like oh and maybe
I'll be able to get to the speaker car
but then there's like oh the conversion
rate pounds dollars like that you know
whole bunch of things going on in my
head right now let's get out of here go
ride the bike and see what today past
all material things in the blog go to do
it man no no 504 meant there homie other
stuff it's up man see all of a sudden of
him all of a sudden that's it for
Montreal guys
no no oh yeah I mean man yeah yeah
why would they what kind of advertising
is that that's freaking
happy birthday Harris hope you had a
great birthday I think something that's
ten times more important than his actual
birthday which sounds kind of mean but
let me finish found out that Harris is
having a baby boy so congratulations to
Harris I think that's probably one of
the best birthday gifts you can have you
have unborn LeBron fan in the works but
anyway i'm headed to burbank now because
it's been a minute I haven't been to
Matt Park I thought I would stop by say
what stuff I don't have intentions to
buy anything but then I also don't know
what they have in their store so you
never know Thomas a besito
Paquito poquito pinche pendejo an or
endo Simone n okay end over end over end
emoji no patty toca retopo cheeto en si
Macondo careto finito en upend own
entity holy Sunita gentle fancy taupe
Osito rocky totally hit oh I know that
song word for word
about that day
oh my god long time no see I got you a
gift because it mom make sure this
wasn't hurdle
all right guys so I'm back home I didn't
go to Target I didn't go to Best Buy
stay that Mac for a little bit of them
buy anything but I'm just like off right
now I don't know what it is I'm just not
feeling great and I just didn't want to
go to any stores or anything like that
so I literally just stopped at Ralph's
and got some food I just want to sit on
my couch eat and like ignore everything
in the outside world even my grocery bag
is about to ridic but there is some good
news
warriors are going to the NBA Finals for
the third straight year third straight
year baby I'm going to take like an hour
break and just relax and watch Monday
Night Raw and watch youtube videos and
ignore everything for the next hour or
so so ladies what are you doing cleaning
my shoes you're doing it wrong again
okay well then you come do it look okay
on May 28th we're going to London get
your shoes together and let's go me to
go to London just so I can get my shoes
clean exactly come with me and we're
going to go work at the first ever the
first ever consignment shop in London
okay but what about my shoe I wasn't
finished yet not only is it the
first-ever consignment shop but it's the
Kotex ultimate sneaker cleaning store
I'm ready let's go
this trailer is a custom piece that had
what was it really a custom piece it was
a piece that was alternative to be made
specially for me
JC dot row this is a picture of Kanye
painting a picture of pirate black easy
350 so this will be going up here
tomorrow when I go to target and I get
the little things to hang it but anyway
let me tell you guys how that came about
so basically if you guys know that wall
on Melrose that has Kobe on it I always
show it in my vlogs I used it as part of
my scavenger hunt this one right here
I'm pretty sure you guys know that but
basically he does art like this where he
just takes triangles and he creates
crazy pieces I found his instagram and i
DM him and what are the chances that he
actually follows me and I hit him up on
my jaw really like that piece that you
did in Long Beach Long Beach is anyway
we can custom make it so that he's
wearing a crew hoodie and that we put
the college dropout album there and we
switch a few things up and he said yeah
totally let's do it he just absolutely
killed it so thank you for that custom
piece and he was generous enough to give
me another piece and this one he
actually gave to me for free and this is
a Kobe one and this is the same Kobe
that's on the street on Melrose this is
going to fit perfectly on the wall you
can see right now my Kobe blemishes this
is going to fit perfectly right and I
hang this bad boy up to kind of just
commemorate my favorite player of all
time big shout out to Jacy for looking
out for me that's only going to be
linking up with him soon and crazy man
he's done some crazy work so if you guys
want to follow him check out his
Instagram it's JC r o JC row what else
did we want to do oh yeah I was going to
do some I was going to these thanks to
champ sports I'm giving away a pair of
desc box size ten Pierre Money fours
okay so I use the website called gleam
and we got twelve thousand eight hundred
and seventy six entries and the winner
is
is where the hell is in via Nevada oh we
got a winner from Nevada so our winner
is angel Hernandez Jr from no from
Mesquite Mesquite Nevada angel I will be
emailing you so you can give me all your
shipping information it's only right
that I include some cred protect with
his shoes because you know these things
are always I have so much crap that I'm
kind of debating if I should do this
next month should I literally give away
a protect care package every single vlog
next month how crazy would that be if
you guys want that to happen this is
what I need you to do get this vlog to a
whopping 40,000 thumbs up if you get it
to 40,000 thumbs up next month every
single vlog I will give away a CREP
protect care package oh this is it this
is the main attraction of today's vlog
so I've got a few videos out there
calling out fake Easy's on the streets
and stuff like that I never put faces in
there there's two types of people in
this world there's those who don't know
that they have fake Easy's then there's
types of people who go buy fake uses and
try to flex them as if they're wearing a
very expensive shoes and people that I
kind of call out are those ones I don't
ever want to disrespect someone who
doesn't know that they have fake uses on
so I'm not trying to make fun of you
like that but it's just funny when they
know they're rockin fakes and they're
trying to you know fool everyone there's
an Instagram account called Yeezy Busta
basically what easy Busta does is he
calls out celebrities and famous people
influencers for wearing fake Easy's and
you'll be surprised at some of the
people that he's caught now easy buster
I've met him once and we met at mad Park
we have connected me and I've talked
we've always wanted to work together on
something basically I'm going to look at
his account and I'm going to see who's
rockin fake Jeezy's but I'm going to try
to only stick to youtubers because this
is a YouTube video so we're on Yeezy
buster
he just hit 300k this is him right here
he doesn't show his face again I'm not
here to bash any of these guys I'm
pretty sure a lot of these guys believe
live in LA cause any drama or anything
like that but I'm just going through his
Instagram and I'm just going to give you
guys my opinion I don't know who this
guy is looks like he's pretty poppin he
has 3.3 million so he's got to be making
some type of money he's flexing some for
gays at the gym okay Mike Fox seems to
be a youtuber and he's rock wow that
line faded way too early fam I really
don't think this guy knows anything
about Yeezy so he probably just got
played and thought they were real I
think he got played and he bought fake
IDs not knowing it I don't think he has
the knowledge to verify it but if the
price is too good to be true then it's
not true that's quoted from Easi busted
himself on his complex interview who's
this guy yeah Wow I love how he dropped
the knowledge here - he said the early
fakes on these dropped with the three
and a half exposed blade holders above
the strap the previous versions were
like this but the chocolates were
updated only showing two and a half so
the way he can tell is from the strap
placement which is crazy oh my god this
is the same guy from earlier and he got
fakes on again man you gotta you gotta
be cool bro no way hi Lopez which he
made a lot of money you know he used
having expensive things in his life to
get more money and become famous he's
wearing some fake Oxford tans and you
can tell from the pattern and less crazy
man some of the people with hella money
wearing fakes and in my opinion he
didn't know he got fakes he probably
paid resell for a pair of face but I
don't know that's crazy
okay this youtuber or she's a singer or
something I don't know what she is but
she got the light of joy and she knows
that they're fake a thousand percent she
knows they're fake Kenard Fox no way
okay I know this kid has money he spent
a lot of money on cars he has a lot of
views I've actually seen some of his
videos but he is rocking some super
super fake Easy's and I'm pretty
sure this kid has no idea about sneakers
I'm sure one of his friends have had a
pair release all parents like yelled
Azhar Easy's how much
oh yeah I'll buy them and not knowing
that they're fakers yeah like this kid
got played bruh face sensor is a hundred
percent authenticated now I remember
when he posted this picture a lot of
people were tweeting me too asking me if
they were legit and I told people that
looked legit but it's for me I'm the
type of person where I need to see the
shoe in person I think this guy's our
youtuber yeah that's good oh this guy
used to be on vine I think I think I've
seen some of his minds I don't know if
he painted those lines on himself for
one but the way he's looking down at
issues oh my god what are these the
brown cinnamon sugar pop-tart easy bro
what is this phase drug of course physio
got the real joints on phase drug is not
exposed rice gum is authenticated I know
he Shops at urban necessities and you
know urban necessities don't mess with
that fake fake phase adapt has been
approved all the Fae all these videogame
phase guys I think they they're pretty
knowledgeable they know what they're
doing and they have a good plug so all
the phase guys like I know they're all
the Yeezys are pretty much ray okay I'm
done I'm done with this I'm done with
this why did I do this why did I go
through all these accounts and make all
these people look bad so that you guys
know how easy it is to get scammed even
if you have hella money even if you
think you paid the right price you never
know man you never know buy from a
trusted source buy from a legit website
a lot of these website or a lot of
people they don't have the knowledge
when it comes the easiest like they'll
be like hey I found this website and
they're selling uses for $200 are they
real or fake
you know just don't try to just try not
to wear fake easy so you don't end up on
this easy busted Instagram that's the
more of this story here don't forget to
hit that thumbs up we need 40,000 of
those
