what is this our keep on chain bring
your own cup bring your own cup to
7-eleven they have nobody's use this
straw yet so I'm going very good very
good
it's freakin burning hot today here in
Los Angeles
maybe I'm over-exaggerating because I've
been riding my bike and getting hot and
sweaty but it's really really hot but it
is still a beautiful day here in LA the
vibes are amazing it's been a minute
since I've been on my bike exploring
city but I get to do it today probably
not going to be out here too much longer
because it is super hot I just wanted to
come see what was going on on Melrose
and you know something crazy happened
they threw a pair of Yeezys on a street
sign I don't know how high but it was
like a high street sign and the first
person to get it could have it hi guys
so we're on Melrose right now outside a
cool kick every once in awhile for
Instagram they throw a pair of shoes up
on this pole right here and then whoever
can get it or whoever can get it and
keep it about to throw a pair Easy's up
there harder my garden yeah it's make it
harder I think you're gonna I think he's
gonna get oh look at my man stupid he
ran over your own coffee table okay I
just found out who bet you RAM is thank
you yeah lucky reams Becky Ram is my
dick in Farsi oh my god bruh it's not
even a person got it out back around
three times in a row you don't know what
it means now you do not yeah but now I'm
not gonna put it in the vlog anymore
yeah there you go and you the real MVP
bruh I like that my man right here got
him diagnosing right good now we did you
get we did three these on Melrose crazy
record-breaking we getting hired higher
true I was trying to find other things
to do on Melrose but it's kind of like
you know nothing really going on I would
like to point out my hat that I have
worn before let's just say sneaker con
Chicago be ready for that flame three M
stripes on the side NASA inspired logo
Chicago I'm taking care of you anyway um
when I woke up this morning I wanted to
do something different like how how can
I do something like
there's always way to think of new ideas
but I kind of need some convincing I
need to talk to you guys before I do it
let's go for ride man you know I always
try to come up with new ideas and bring
regular YouTube to the sneaker YouTube
community that's what I've been called
out for but I feel like sometimes it
doesn't work and sometimes I put a lot
into videos that end up not doing so
well and not interest so many people for
instance I'm talking about like when I
put my Yeezys in Fruity Pebbles what
other words marry me in my easy a little
bit of milk huh yeah pour a little bit
of milk up in here whoa so it's not that
bad or when I put a trampoline inside of
MAG Park that's a good be done yeah
we'll take it now all of a sudden broken
leg
oh-ho nice people I guess aren't really
interested or they're not really they
don't get when I do things like that so
it doesn't get as many it still gets a
lot of views but it doesn't get as many
views as like say uh unboxing or me
showing or buying an expensive sneaker
but I still want to do crazy dope stuff
that hasn't been done and brings
sneakers into like mainstream YouTube I
think I just convinced myself that I
want to do what what idea I had today
hey there are you ready because I'm
ready let's backtrack for a second as a
sneakerhead one thing that I love when
it comes to a great pair of sneakers is
comfort because if the shoe is
comfortable it's more wearable if it's
more wearable it stays on my feet longer
over the past two years adidas has been
killing it in the comfort level and it's
definitely helped them rise with shoes
like the easy being one of the most
comfortable sneakers in the game now
you're probably wondering why is they
easy so comfortable what makes it so
special boost my friend extremely
comfortable and words can't even
describe it you need to take you need to
go to your local of beauty store and say
put boost on my feet the question is
what is Boost what is this technology
I'm not going to get too into that if
you want to know more about boost you
can go watch Jacques blades Channel you
did a fantastic video on what is Boost
it's really really good so go watch that
I'll link that down below back to what I
was talking about there's a few people
I'd like to acknowledge before I get
into this segment and that's the people
who helped me come up with this idea one
of them being the channel what's inside
they always look at different objects
and they look at what is inside these
things now another person will help me
choose the item to which I'm going to
check what's inside is a sneaker channel
called called I called our sneakers he
did this mine's a little bit different
it's similar but it's different this
right here is what we call a boost ball
this is a ball from adidas it's never
been on sale to the public this is just
friends they just give these to friends
and family I'm not sure how they decide
who gets these but I was a fortunate
enough to get one from pest kick so shot
off the head kick anyway this is a boost
of all it is strictly completely a
hundred percent boost our sneakers he
cut a boost ball in half but his boost
ball was fake so I'm not calling him out
I'm just
knowledge in him that he gave me the
idea to cut open a real loose ball to
see what's inside I will link his video
down below if you want to check it out
with that being said I've got my
surgical procedure and items here I wait
I need one more thing you can't do
surgery without a mask the easy mix my
voice is going to be a little muffled
with this thing on so I'm just going to
use a lot of cut okay let's find out
what is inside the boots ball hopefully
someone added users will watch this and
give me another boost ball for doing
this experiment here so anybody over an
Adidas with the three-strikes organ you
know I'll at you boy okay this is not
really working I'm going to use this
knife now because that one also oh yeah
this is going to work so there's
actually a line going right down the
middle and this thing is just cutting
perfectly well I'll let me get a
thumbnail right there oh well not this
knife is powerful oh my god I don't
regret doing this but this is just weird
okay so we're halfway through right now
looks kind of like a marshmallow we're
going to go down the adidas logo
hopefully I don't cut my finger off
because my fingers out made a boost ah
okay here we go
oh wow that's a good thumbnail right
there okay good and we are done
that was a good one guys good job fellas
another successful surgery alright guys
our boost ball is now to boost bull
happen happening it's in half so just by
looking at it basically when you look at
it let me try to zoom in here so you
guys can get a real nice look at it when
you actually cut inside the boost you
can see it's a little yellow I don't
know if the camera is going to pick it
up kind of like a styrofoam but it looks
like it's a way more squishier styrofoam
I don't know if squishier is a real word
or not but then it looks like something
you would find in the ocean like you
know when you find a seashell and it's
just super sparkly it looks some kind of
like that
so I'm going to hold it at this angle
right here so you guys can kind of see
what I'm talking about with the
sparkling my
a little hard to still see it on the
camera but it just it looks like a
seashell so I'm not actually going to
cut an entire shoe I just wanted to do
to boost ball so that wraps up my
experiment for today let me know if you
guys did enjoy it by hitting that thumbs
up if you're new to this channel I'm
giving away 10 pairs 10 freaking brand
new pairs of Yeezys when we reach 1
million subscribers we're 300,000 away
so make it happen families subscribe
ASAP and until next time experiment I'm
out of here
only teleport it to the living room area
so that didn't work
you
