we are currently at the CBS Studios
because Jordan Brand is having an event
this event is called the future of
flight event and I'm not exactly too
sure what's gonna be shown at it it's
gonna show some future products and I'm
assuming that we might be getting a
preview of what's gonna be available for
all-star weekend right here in Los
Angeles in a few weeks and I had to
bring my new cameraman with me our
camera woman with me Mina who's gonna be
helping me film today so shout out to
her but anyway we got to see what's on
the feet
alright guys so we are inside right now
oh there is we're all sitting here like
all the media and whatnot really cool
things
okay guys we are inside these arenas
that or whatever it is you just saw the
official NBA all-star jerseys for 2018
now we're gonna actually go look at some
of the products we got different
sections so we're gonna check out each
one of them and see what they got so
let's go this way
okay so the first section that we're
going into is that most of the are all
of these are Jordan thirty twos oh my
god the first one that caught my
attention if this right here I'm
assuming this is inspired by obviously
the Jordan 14 Ferraris right there you
see the logo right there that's crazy
okay guys so we just checked out all
these thirty twos but now we're gonna
move over to the women's section to see
what they got for their next coming
collection you guys who stole in the
back doing his work you know saying some
behind the scenes okay so this is your
section so I'm gonna let you take over
and I know what you see right now
okay guys so we are in the next section
that which is the women's section and I
thought it was only fair for me to take
over these ones you guys probably are
aware of just dropped this morning so
for any of you ladies out there if you
guys copped great I had to be a resale
from my finger which I don't money
another thing I was super excited about
which was the first thing that caught my
eye oh this is gonna be the thumbnail
for a shirt for all use smaller be
ladies I'm really excited for you this
is probably
obviously my favorite one in the
collection it's a ho dope like I thought
I loved the first one but I loved this
one even more I loved the blue tab just
all the details like I'm just amazing
hello
okay so so far we've only seen two of
the boots I guess you could call it and
so far it's been amazing we're gonna go
to the Westbrook booth now because if
you guys don't know Westbrook has a
signature shoe with Jordan Brand so
let's go check out some of the colorways
I haven't even seen these shoes in
person yet I've been wanting to test
them out on the court but I don't have a
pair yet the first one that came to my
attention is the classic OKC creamsicle
colorway while these are like it's a
different bottom than what Westbrook
usually plays in which is like the
flight plate and all that so I wonder
how he feels about that but obviously he
approved of the shoe before they put it
into making it his own shoe but it looks
sick I was kind of surprised that they
had a strap on them I feel like you know
Westbrook so explosive that he really
doesn't thank you
this is like a classic I guess OKC call
away right here what does that c30 oh
that's his average last season when he
won MVP uppers cool I like this I like
this colorway you got like the half and
half and then I think this is the
all-star colorway right here for Los
Angeles this one's pretty cool the
jerseys are black and white so it goes
with the black and white jerseys I wish
this shoe has a little bit more color
for an all-star sneaker but I get it
because it goes perfectly with the
jerseys so pretty dope there's a section
next to us that we're gonna go to now I
see ovo and
I'm very
excited so we gonna go over there to the
retro section I guess we could call it
the retro section is crazy
Jordan brand is killing it in 2018
to store everybody cousteau hi guys
these are the Jordan ones I'm sure you
guys have seen these this is called the
red so I guess yeah these are dope but
this is just the warmup the men's size
this come them I mean I don't even need
to hype this up like this is gonna be
this is insane I love the baby blue tint
to it like if you see it in person it's
ridiculous so we got the black Simon
threes right here obviously everybody
knows these are coming out apparently on
Jordans birthday like here on the back
and I'm gonna show you guys like the
biggest curveball of the day these right
here this is a Jordan 3 but you see a
Nike swoosh on it this was the original
sketch model of the Jordan 3 that never
came out you can even see on the inside
they have the sketches I don't know if
you guys can see Nike Air on the back
Nike swoosh Nike logo right there hang
tag with Teager signature these are
fired both since these popped up ovo
pates apparently all-star weekend I
don't know yet but Wow
I need these this is like the one that
I'm most excited about look at the owl
howleen love my bed and my Jordan I'm
sorry I didn't know the black bear was
gonna be here I kind of figured the
white pair was gonna be here but let's
just say welcome Cousteau everybody
sister
we heard rumors of these this is the
white cementery with the clear bottom
and then people were like why are they
gonna do a clear bottom because MJ
jumped from the free-throw line
so we've seen the Jordan one flying it
but this is the first look at the Jordan
3 flying it right here blacked out it
looks like a black cat super super clean
I really like it to fly in it on the
upper black midsole clear outsole well
it's not like a clear it's like a foggy
clear outsole they killed it very dull
excited to see what other color ways
they have with the fun in threes is on
fire
okay guys so we are in another stage
right now where we just did like little
panels and stuff like that they got all
the food Cousteau has literally gone
back four times for no I ran this
morning oh shoot some showers okay I'm
ask you while you eating what was the
most exciting thing you saw in that room
the most exciting what are you most
excited for I have all that stuff um
like the thing that interests me most
poppy is that fat Jordan 3 the the
tinker one yeah it just looks super
interesting yes but outside of that the
ovule eights are obviously dope but then
the 3 the the black Simon 3 yes like
that just wins for me of everything you
have them on right now are you in foam
or having one right now so yeah y'all
trying to get some last few wears before
before everybody in America is wearing
exactly anyway guys pretty dope they're
actually filming TNT inside the NBA
right here so Charles Barkley Shaq Kenny
the jet and they're all in the other
room so we're gonna go back over there
and watch them announce the all-star
team miss amina does not want KD to play
with lebron now be so mad
but we see KD and curry played together
all the time so I don't care I just want
to I just want I want LeBron to take
Yanis I want I want I want the Greek
freak yeah the Greek freak and LeBron on
the same team would be dope and I think
curry should throw a curve ball he
should he should he should have took old
they already drafted teams but he should
take like I don't know not KD we play
together all the time you know they win
they win championships together they
don't they don't need to play together
right now let him breathe what about
Kyrie and LeBron on the same team
reunion I feel like the bronze gonna be
like I need him for the first pick cuz I
miss him so much
i shat right there the diesel okay guys
so we did get a little bit of a gift bag
from jump man you know I'm saying so we
get one thing we get this little
notebook pretty go open it up future of
flight I don't know what this is I think
this is a bag tag this is a bag tag no
it's not a bag too
you know we also get this bag right here
it is sealed so we're gonna open it up
right now
I know it's inside because I seeing
other people with it but got the curry
Austar Jersey right here this is super
dope you can actually see I didn't
notice this but there's actually star
stripes on the side they probably should
have made that white that would have
stood out way more because it's black on
black like nobody's gonna see that on
camera you know I really do like the
design and the colors of the jerseys a
lot of people are complaining because it
was so simple but I really like it it's
a different vibe black and white you
know I'm saying everybody has their team
logo on the front rather than like east
or west and yeah it's a dope so shout
out to gentlemen okay guys so a little
bit of info that I just got the ovios
will be coming out all-star weekend and
then the off-white Jordan ones the
all-white ones are going to be a Europe
exclusive how much of a heartbreaker is
that but yeah you don't say we got plugs
everywhere anyway so there's going to be
two basketball games going on right now
and after the basketball games there's a
rumor going around that there's going to
be a performance from Travis Scott we
can't confirm it yet but I think we want
to stay do we want to stay or do we want
to go all right well we can just gonna
catch the vibe and see what happens but
I really want to see Travis Scott cuz it
will be such an intimate like small
crowd that will be super close
yeah we'll see
alright so back at the crib right now
and I just want to say first huge thank
you to Jordan Brennan for not only
having me but also having Mina at the
event today I requested that she can
come with me because she helped me you
know create dope content for you guys I
didn't want to just do the vlog style I
wanted to do more of like a you know
talking to you guys and like her holding
the camera so it was pretty dope and I
really liked the way it turned out and
these are the type of events which I
want to cover and put you guys into the
media's you know point of view you know
we always see these things on social
medium stuff like that but what does it
actually like to be there so hopefully
you guys did enjoy and hopefully we get
to you know cover more Jordan Brand
events as the year go on because if this
is just a small preview of what they
have going on this year I feel like
Jordan Brand is going to have one of the
best years in the sneaker world and now
I cannot wait for all-star weekend which
is like two and a half weeks away three
weeks away it's in LA so it's gonna be
absolutely insane you know your boys
gonna be covering it so obviously you
know subscribe do all that good stuff
and make sure you're tuned in here to
Crew TV because we are gonna be taking
you to all that coverage and we are
gonna be going to the all-star game you
know I'm saying gotta hit over my people
at CG you know they're gonna hook it up
so we gonna have a good time we're gonna
take you guys to the game but other than
that a quick update on myself what has
been going on because I haven't posted
on like literally YouTube or any social
media all week long until today I needed
just a few days to you know get my mind
right and focus on what is ahead and
what I want to do over the next few
weeks and months crew kicks I'm going to
bring back crew kicks in the first week
of February so I've been working on that
and a whole bunch of other stuff so I'd
not like taking out huge absence from
YouTube or anything like that I wasn't
planning to take a week off just a few
days off but we're back tons of ideas
here I've kind of been slow this whole
year not uploading like every day but
that's gonna change I'm gonna do maybe
like at least five days a week you're
gonna be getting videos I promise you
guys here but anyway other than that I'm
going to Philly this weekend for the
Royal Rumble so I'm super super excited
about that
snicker con bay area is in two months
which is March 31st I know that sounds
very very long time away but it's the
first secret con of the year so we're
gonna be having two hoops classic games
there one of them is going to be the
dream crew hoops classic where it's just
me and the dream crew guys like Harris
is playing in its wax playing in it I
midwatch is some surprise guest so we'll
talk more about that later but March
31st April 1st Bay Area sneaker con I've
got some big things coming this year
some power moves and I mean I don't want
to sit here and hype it all up and not
deliver so I'm just gonna have to tell
you guys to subscribe and pay attention
to what we are doing and we are very
close to a million man we are at like
nine hundred and forty two thousand
right now so hopefully we hit nine
hundred and fifty thousand soon so that
we are one step closer to a million and
we're gonna hit it soon which I'm very
very excited about and that's it no more
talking let me know if you guys did
enjoy it by hitting that thumbs up I
would really really appreciate that and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
video and we're out of here alright
peace by the way I cut my hair because
your boy was getting kind of annoyed of
all that you know here so yeah we fresh
now okay
