I like to shoot that very zero you got
anything to say yeah
all of a sudden Val what is going on
guys today I'm starting the day off in
Santa Monica it's already like 3 4
o'clock but it's all good I'm with my
family today
earlier today I did do an unboxing and
I'm wearing the shoes that I got so
let's go ahead and check out what was in
the box what's in the box alright so
this is a shoe that I've been one not
wanting but this is a shoe that I've
been wanting to try out to see how
comfortable they are because there's
been like I think the official launch
party was yesterday I think this is that
shoe actually shout out to my people
over at finish line for sending me these
they texted me this morning and said
they're coming and it literally came
Jumpman box basic nothing special
nothing too crazy I'd rather have the
black colorway but if it's the white one
I won't be mad or didn't fly 89 this is
like a casual type of shoe that's
inspired by the four that's why I said
289 because that the good Force came out
I believe
okay I have not even seen this colorway
but this is like a cement Drake Holloway
he's got that Jordan 4 flowered tent
right there cement print and got as you
guys can see it's got that little late
folder thingie whatever the official
word of this is I don't know I might get
flames it's not knowing that but I'll do
it I don't know every single sneaker
term in the world kind of looks like a
Roche run and a Jordan 4 had a baby and
this is what came out is pretty much the
best way I can explain it I'm going to
test these out and give you get my
honest on feet opinion of means it is
Lunarlon so I'm expecting these to be
super super comfortable so leave these
either release soon or the 26 so these
drop on the 26 so I will give you guys
my honest opinion of these are they're
comfortable or not let's try these out
baby
all right so my goal for today there's
two shoes that I'm looking for the
airmax 97's the gold joints I know I'm
not an air max guy but I want these this
color just pops and then I'm also
looking for the Jordan one new love they
came out in the pack years ago they
rerelease them there's no release date
it was like the undercover release but I
want to see if they have those at Foot
Locker so hopefully I can get one of the
two if I get two then we got to double
the double w day all these are hard for
us I miss Santa Monica so much I used to
come here all the time I used to live
literally like 10 minutes away from here
you know you just catch beautiful real
ones Angela's only I used to come here
to get all my sneakers when I camp out
at night so many buy so many beautiful
but I'm shot too jaded scandal Lucia you
guys always shout about when you're the
road yeah your biggest fan I've ever met
him Jaden shoutout to Jaden one day
we'll meet my two Tyler
Jaden anyone else no okay who bike um oh
my god why they always shout out Becky
ramp was Becky ramp father right who's
Becky Ram footlocker rock solid anything
only the magma clean roll this is
private relief that means they just
dropped them random foot like foot
lockers just got him today without
release date or anything to be the other
side pen they don't have my size house
as possible we're taking one L that's
one L for the tally list that's at eight
statement half
and it's so clean just title hard they
got that good good in here what's the
best to cleaner here yeah how did those
although well that's a protected air
yeah yeah but this is the best protects
the best alright I'm going to try out
bases empty like um okay so those Jordan
one guy there are only a hundred and ten
dollars they add a size eleven I tried
it all but it's just a little too big
like ten and a half is the biggest I can
go in Jordan one 110 dollars that's a
freaking steal man I know it doesn't
have nike air on the tongue which a lot
of people would want it's because it
came out in a pack that it's just so
dope to me that they're releasing it
separately now that was one colorway
that I've been wanting but I never
pulled the trigger and now that they
released it like I need them I got to
find them
and I'ma find them you know I'm saying
if I can't find them and come back and
get the size 11 from here and then I'll
have to size swap them but patience is
key in the sneaker game remember that
it's good time what's the best one
that's what the other the other size
minimum these will top-notch Mario pad
can I try almost it is $30 birding
20 dollars 25 without tact and cash no
credit okay 25
I just spent $25 on this midget spinner
I probably could have got this on Amazon
for like five bucks but it's whatever
I'm not trying to wait for it to come in
the mail someone gave me one of these at
sneak peek on Bay Area but I'm like
literally everyone that was at our booth
is like oh let me try it let me try then
I didn't I don't know what happened
after I played with it once I want to
see what this thing is all about like
everybody's making videos about this
frigate spinner versus easy video coming
soon
oh I almost dropped it yeah we got some
Scotland crew members here what's up
y'all how you doing all right you guys
like all related or no well brother Bob
was like a soccer team that's a cue ball
so I'm talking about her I like that
call me yeah hey nice mr. Thompson mr.
Thompson stay in school kids
alright guys so the vibes are amazing
here in Santa Monica
still no sneaker cops but it's ok this
has been inviting sneakers today doesn't
mean today was a hell patient is key in
a sneaker game always always alright so
let's talk about these shoes on my
priority physiology these are called
something 89 I will honestly say that
they are actually pretty comfortable I
definitely would recommend it for anyone
who's looking for a comfortable summer
shoe the only problem I have with it
which is still bothering me right now is
that this pole right here it's super
super narrow so this rubs against your
foot all day and that gets your toe very
uncomfortable and they feel like you is
small so I would suggest going at size
half size up but even in that scenario
like this is still going to be super
close to your foot and that's something
that's also problem on the easy.we to is
that the toe box are narrow so people
think that sizing is wrong but I think
in reality it's just nothing it touches
your toe and it makes you brilliant
kind of like you here on the toe so that
doesn't really help out because if it
was just this regular area right here
then it would be fine but since they
confuse the toe it kind of probably make
it last longer will I wear it again
maybe to the beach this is I feel like a
design to beat you again thank you
finish line giving me bees hopefully
some of you guys wanted to know the
opinion on these landmark of five but
it's not to get out
yeah if you didn't know 10 pairs
I'm giving every single one of those
Yeezys away when we hit 1 million
subscribers this box I'm unboxing it in
Chicago where's the boss that was it
Blanca Michigan is one's one more time
before we end the vlog champs sent me
these like a while ago I never showed
anyone most Calabasas on Reebok $110
best deal of the year in my opinion from
Jordan Brand don't sleep on these guys
go to your local footlocker and see if
they have these
