all right it's currently 9:00 a.m. thank
you release the winged Jordan one so I'm
kind of nervous to check my email and so
not select and it's always great to wake
up and have a great big L for breakfast
thanks thank you
alright guys so we're going to breakfast
right now even though it's 2 p.m. and
it's bright yeah we're going to brunch
lunch actually it's borderline dinner
eggs yeah low key we're gonna have a
good day today it is Wednesday and we
don't really have anything planned but
we're gonna roam around this city and
we're gonna go to Jack and Jill's right
now which is like a bomb-ass breakfast
fireplace the I've been there before
yeah it's right there
guys that meal was freakin amazing the
best breakfast spot in LA oh I don't
even know it's right the thing is right
there he's right there I don't forget
easy giveaway in a million subscribers
make imma mention it every vlog so deal
with it I'm tempted to buy stuff when
I'm controlling myself because we leave
to London exactly one week from that we
leave to London and I know we're gonna
do some shopping out there it's gonna be
fun I really wanted to get that fragment
collab with LV but then I keep stopping
myself because the LV supreme stuff is
coming out in July rumored July you know
it's all about patience when it comes to
buying expensive things
no I'm just giving you advice yeah
patience is key when it comes to
sneakers and patience is key when it
comes to just buying anything you know
from a new car to a house to sneakers
you don't just jump on it unless you
know it's a really good view if you
subscribe to this channel and we reach 1
million subscribers I'm gonna give away
10 pairs the easies that's when we hit a
million until then if you didn't know I
announced I'm giving away these we're
gonna choose the winner this weekend so
if you want to win a brand new pair
that's not pure money pyramid force I'm
giving these away I'll have the link in
the bio if you want to enter the contest
these are via champ sports so shout out
to champ sports for helping me do this
this giveaway so as you guys know I've
been doing these segments inside of my
vlogs which I really love you know
separate it from just me talking and
blabbering on and making you boring the
first thing that I've been doing is CNN
I mean qnn I've been doing Q&N and then
I've been doing what's in the box but I
want to add one more but before I tell
you guys about that one more I'm gonna
give you guys an edition of qnn ladies
and gentlemen
good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
welcome to another edition of qnn news
today we've got some breaking news and
top stories that will definitely tickle
your pickle our first announcement is
coming out of sneaker con London which
is on May 27 as teased through Instagram
and Twitter guys will be dropping a
collab with the brand wavy baby and they
will be releasing a full collection at
sneaker Kong London but my laundry's
done now you're probably wondering how
you can get your hands on the collection
but don't worry if you're not at sneaker
Con London they will be on sale the next
day on May 28th online and they will be
very very limited online and in person
at sneaker Con speaking of sneaker cons
let's go ahead and move on to Chicago
because Chicago is following up the
weekend after London which is June 3rd
and 4th as you guys know it is that
hoops classic things are a little bit
interesting because there's going to be
a live draft to determine teams on
Saturday the day before the actual game
this is how it's gonna go down with the
schedule first things first
you'll have the live draft going on on
the sneaker con stage where two captains
of the dream crew team and the sneaker
sneaker con Windy City all-stars those
two captains will draft their team's
following the live draft will be the
first ever rookie game at sneaker Con
which will include many of the younger
sneaker influencers on YouTube sneaker
soft basketball influencers on YouTube
if I correct myself I hate my life right
after the first ever rookie game will be
the first ever sneaker con you guys
ready for this drumroll please
no we don't have that we don't have that
sound effect the first-ever sneaker con
hoops classic three-point contest live
in front of Chicago on Saturday June 3rd
if you're still wondering on the next
day schedule which is Sunday it will be
the only thing happening which
is the actual speaker cons hoops hoops
hoops hoops classic I can't talk today I
hate my life pretty big news to close
off today's episode of qnn news I am
looking for cameramen and editors here
in Los Angeles
if you want to submit your resume or
send us some of your projects that you
have worked on via email all you have to
do is email q√∏ staff at gmail.com after
me and the team go over all the emails
and we decide who is can be qualified we
will contact you for further information
but we're pretty much looking for
cameramen people who can edit videos
people can who can help me and the rest
of the crew create dope content here in
Los Angeles obviously it's not gonna be
a full-time job it's just something that
you're gonna need to do on the side with
us just to disclaim or anyone who emails
that email and has nothing to do with
what I just talked about you will be
completely ignored and if not or blah
please only email us if you do have
experience if you are never have touched
a camera before please do not email us
because you're most likely not going to
get an email back I'm sorry to be mean
but it's time to do great things and
we're looking for people who are down to
grind hard and create dope so again if
you are in cameraman in the Los Angeles
area not a photographer we don't need
pictures we need video content if you
are a cameraman even if you don't have
the equipment but you know how to work
in camera please email us qo staff at
gmail.com once we go through all the
emails we will contact you back after
sneaker con London or in the near future
and that is it for today's episode of
qnn news it was a rather long one but I
enjoyed my time with you we will see you
guys next time and thank you for
watching you stay classy high peace what
a great addition of qnn news the other
segment that I do in the middle of my
vlogs are called what's in the box where
I just show you guys my self unboxing
packages I get because I do get a lot of
sneakers and things like that so I'd
know one thing I didn't show you guys in
the what's in the box series in the
vlogs is that I ended up picking up
another pair of the Westbrook 30.5 soar
whatever they're called before I tell
you about the new segment that I was
talking about earlier I have
and unboxing for you guys so let's hit
then sleeping on my couch so it's super
super messy but I have an announcement
ladies and gentlemen today we will not
be unboxing this sneaker calm down calm
down I know we hit the intro that's
crucial I understand but this gets deep
this gets very deep because if you
remember recently I said that you guys
know that I have you know what I have
what I didn't tell you what was in this
box what if I open this box when I was
planning to use this sneaker what if I
took these this box and I unboxed it in
front of thousands of people do not open
until Chicago that's right I ordered
these shoes off the goat app and I do
not plan to open them or use them or
show you them until the sneaker con
hoops classic I have not decided whether
I'm gonna use these in the 3-point
contest or if I'm gonna use this in the
actual game I'm leaning towards the
3-point contest I will unbox these
literally in front of everyone at
sneaker Con the first ever live sneaker
con unboxing and to all my fellow
youtubers don't dope don't copy me I'm
doing it first please please don't do it
okay don't copy me I love you guys don't
copy me I'm gonna be the first one to do
it okay anyway this box is going with me
to Chicago till then we don't let this
thing just chill right here it is just
gonna replace the BAE pillow we're gonna
put the bait pillow over here with my
unboxing championship belt what's inside
the box now back to your regularly
scheduled programming I'm done I'm done
with the mic I'm good okay no more games
no more playing around no more messing
and teasing you guys this is the new
segment that I'm adding because a lot of
people a lot of you guys tweet me and
you ask me what's my opinion on certain
shoes that are coming out I want to talk
about a shoe that I have gotten multiple
tweets about asking me what my opinion
is I'll probably have like a little
little intro for this new segment hit it
so today I'm gonna be talking about a
very very very hyped up much-anticipated
release of the Jordan collaboration with
off-white Nike Jordan and off-white are
releasing a few models as part of this
collaboration but I believe there's only
one Jordan 3 and a Jordan 1 I'm gonna
talk about the 1 because I have no idea
what the 3 looks like you know me I am a
fanatic of Jordan ones because I got em
all lined up right there obviously I'm a
Heidi so I love anything that's like a
club or limited or super rare or has a
big buzz around it but the fact that it
is off-white which is a brand that I
really really I dig it I really like
that brand besides the fact that it is
one of the like top it's not really a
street where it said more of like a
high-end street where I don't know what
category you would put it in but I like
off-white I don't have anything really
off-white besides my recently picked up
jacket that you guys saw me comp in
Vegas but I just like the brand itself
so I'm really excited that they brought
that to a Jordan they needed to because
adidas has been killing it with their
collabs Nike and Jordan have to
collaborate with these street bands and
high-end fashion brands because it
brings hype and I like it so it's
definitely a cop for me I know retails
like $350 which is a fair price I
believe because it is a collab and a lot
of people aren't diggin it but I like it
because it has a story and it has a
concept that is something we've never
seen before so off-white Jordan one's
definitely a cop for me and that is the
first edition of cop or drop hope you
guys liked it and yeah now let's go back
to regular vlogging I am super super
exhausted today because I literally I
didn't sleep last night
I stayed up got on my flight I slept on
my flight and then I got here I came
here I waited for Mina to come over but
you can't stop the grind you know what
I'm saying I gotta edit tonight and it's
gonna be a great day tomorrow it's gonna
be a great week I couldn't sit here and
tell you about a whole bunch of things
that I have in the works but don't ever
tell people your plans until you're
ready to announce them officially I set
this camera up I'm gonna do like an epic
episode ending walk here and have the
camera tilted - thank you for watching
dream crew until next time I'm guys
camera fell
