why am I here
and just my hope good morning guys I
came back to the bay for the day for a
few reasons I'm only here for about 24
hours and then I made it back to LA I'm
not involve the process of coming here
because I just feel like there's nothing
to vlog at the airport I'm not there for
it nothing that you hear is nothing to
really see here either so I'm not really
going to vlog here we'll see you in the
future but anyway I'm gonna go have
dinner with my mom since I didn't see
her for Mother's Day but she's not off
until 5:30 ish and I just we'll go from
a nabbed if you didn't know this is crew
TV where we're doing a Yeezy giveaway
and giving away 10 pairs Easy's when we
reach 1 million subscribers we are going
to give away 10 pairs of Yeezys
we just hit 700,000 subscribers so shout
out to all my 700,000 stream coup
followers and subscribers and appreciate
you anyway I'm going to get up I don't
have a car but I have this bike in front
of me I'm gonna go try to find some food
through said crap wipes were just for
sneakers I'm just kidding only don't use
them for sneakers because I don't want
to I don't want to tell you to use it on
something you can't use it works though
alright what are we gonna wear today
Koby six so I just got on the bike and
this thing is super super flat so I'm so
yeah I'm stuck here how so I could
boo-bear somewhere but I'm just so lazy
I'm kind of happy that the spinner
landed on the six is because I want to
kind of talk about how shoes mean
different shoes are important to me I
just think your head you know it is
there's tons of shoes that we just buy
because we like them but then there's
also shoes that have certain meanings to
them and make them extra special to us a
lot of people don't understand why we
buy so many shoes why do we need over a
hundred shoes over fifty shoes over
twenty shoes people don't understand
that but as a sneakerhead
you know sometimes it's not easy to let
go of some shoes because they have that
that memory of how you got them or who
got them for you or where they just they
have stories to them those Kobe Sixers
are important to me just because I like
the way I got them was like one of the
craziest stories it wasn't even that
crazy it was just what I went through to
get them that was kind of like they came
out during all-star weekend I think it
was like 2011 2012 I can't remember the
exact year I had gone to Nike vault
which was in Nike store inside of the
Staples Center to go get them and I
waited in line for about two hours I
left my hotel in Anaheim and drove an
hour to get there first of all by myself
waited in line and I wasn't able to get
them they only had apparently 24 pairs
per day for Friday Saturday and Sunday
which was all-star weekend and I went
one day the only day I could go and I
wasn't able to get them so the next day
comes around and we're in the Nike vault
because it's about to be the dunk
contest we didn't have tickets to the
dunk contest or the game but we
tickets to watch both in the theater
around the corner from the Staples
Center so we were just hanging around
the Staples Center area where there was
tons is also activity going on and I was
inside the store the Nike vault with my
brother and my sister and I overheard
one of the workers saying yeah we have a
few extra pairs let's put them on the
shelf and I was like wait they ended up
bringing them out and I was like what
though it was like the first time where
I was on a mission to get a shoe and I
finally get them I know the story
doesn't even sound that crazy I gotta
have to go through too much but it's
just a fact that it was like the right
place at the right time that's just
think if that's never going to leave my
collection and that is also the first
sneaker that I ever wore to my first
ever sneaker con damn bruh this is what
I was looking for that's me this is my
birthday what year was this how old's
attorney trying to book on the cake
eight this is my eighth birthday my
eighth birthday inside of a round Table
Pizza that's how that's not much I love
pizza the reason why I want to pull
these out is because the shoes that I'm
wearing you see that those are the up
temples the Scottie Pippin because that
shoe has been like something that I
wanted for a minute now and they've been
recently releasing them in a whole bunch
of colorways and one of the big
colorways that come out is obviously the
supreme one I thought it would be dope
to recap those the black on black ones
because it's a little bit of my past
with a little bit of my present which is
my past as having the original model and
my present is just being a frickin high
beast it would be dope to cop that one
but I also want to get their original
original ones and just have a picture of
me sitting right there so I'm gonna
steal this from the album as I'm talking
about is like these shoes right here
because my dad or my mom whatever got
these from me that she was always going
to be something that I think about as
hey I had those and I was on my eighth
birthday so up-tempo game from my
kindergarten graduation first grade
graduation oh no what the hell this
isn't at the deep brown Reebok pumps all
right there your poor bitter sneaker
head you know my first ever pair of
Jordans are here I know I guess probably
showing you guys this one before Air
Jordan 12 that was me in Germany and
check out that red lace swap though I
put the red laces on there hopefully
Jordan brand brings those back because
that's like the most important Jordan to
me is that Jordan 12 even though it's
not my favorite Jordan me and Rob Van
Dam prof end and that's it I was all
over the place like I got a Bulls Jersey
on
in elementary what is this you look how
fat I was y'all thought I'm fat now look
at me back in the day back then they
didn't want me with this Sean John shirt
I was flossing on them alright that
wraps up our moment I'm going back to LA
I'm really excited for today because I
get to see Nina for the first time in
forever I haven't seen her in a week and
a half which doesn't seem long but for
me that's long 6 a.m. almost 6 a.m.
my flight leaves soon and I'll be back
in LA and prepare for sneaker con get
ready for all this dope stuff that's
happening in the next few months and in
the next few weeks and the 10-year
anniversary and hopefully hitting a
million subscribers by then there's been
a lot of negative things thrown at me
and I'm learning how to deal with them
as I've never been in this position
before but I always take it as a
positive I take a negative and I turn it
into a positive because I rather be I
rather be in the discussion that not
talked about at all so whether they're
talking negative or they're talking
pause talking pause pocket it's almost 6
a.m. and I haven't slept in 24 hours so
I can't talk whether they're talking
positive or they're talking negative at
least they're talking and that's what
matters
chase your dreams men anything's
possible I was talking to Harris earlier
ice in our group chat wasted text about
all one day I'm going to be able to buy
shoes early or one day I'm going to be
connected with this friend or I'm going
to be able to do this in this and it's
just crazy how a few years later we are
everything we ever wanted and talked
about is like in front of us not so much
Harry so obviously because he's got his
own life going on but myself with all
these opportunities that I got it's just
a blessing so thank you guys for putting
me in this
and sticking with me and hopefully you
guys continue to stick with me and if
you haven't stuck with me and this is
your first time watching for some reason
join the crew we'll give you some
frequencies maybe I'm out here man
these guys imma go pass out on the plane
