No
you
so as you guys can tell we are currently
at Disneyland for Mother's Day even
though I'm not with my mom my mom's in
Vegas so I don't know I don't know
what's going on but she's in Vegas and
I'm with my sister my brother-in-law and
the baby and today is her first time at
Disneyland so I'm here with them I know
a lot of you guys are males most of my
audience is males according to YouTube
analytics about 85 to 90% of you guys
are males so a lot of you guys are not
going to be interested in another
Disneyland vlog because I come here way
too much and those pink those vlogs
don't get viewed so to start out today's
vlog I'm going to do an unboxing for you
and it's a really dope inboxing one that
was kind of super surprising yeah it's
probably the best unboxing I've done
this year and I'm going to walk around
and we're going to go do some Disneyland
stuff and we'll check in with you guys
in a minute you know
she's already popped up all right let's
see what I got what's in the pot
where's my trusty knife this is a huge
box this huge but this box is so huge
that I jammed the Locker at my shipping
room oh this is dough Wow look at this I
need to set up my second angle camera
for this so I'll be right back guys
second angle camera in three two yeah
all right be good all right so check
this out this is obviously a coup g2 lab
with Puma I'm trying to find some
branding on the boss there we go Puma
and COO jeez this fox just reminds me of
stinky smells like straight-up I want to
open here there we go oh my god we have
a few things okay first of all first
thing you see is Puma /qg Australia we
get this card right here while they did
a really good job with this packaging no
two shoes in this collection are the
same Kuji redesigns the classic Clive
giving us the patterns and swagger of
their iconic sweaters that rock the 80's
90's hip hop scene that's super super
dope wow I see something crazy in here
this is insane oh they did a pair of
this time you know they did a coup G
times Puma shirt that's hard all this
kind of looks like this is a definitely
a soccer jersey do this is this is
freaking dope this is though this is
probably one of the dopest packages I've
seen you and then I'll fly oh my god
there's hell with stuff in here last
t-shirt right here it's like an extended
T it's got the Puma coogee Australia I
like this one super simple black t-shirt
can't go wrong all right this one is a
full-on coogee Puma t-shirt like I don't
know if I could pull this off but this
is this is so and then one more quote
whole attract Jackie it's been a minute
since I've done something quick that
there's something in this box that's
like I need me to open it no way this is
Lou
a bra Puma koozie track jacket and it's
so it's not too much like they did
mainly white but they got it on the
uppers and then they got it on the
sleeves Puma I mess with the vision I
really like the vision this is though
there's two more things in here there's
a pair of sneakers and then there's oh
there's a box that says Versace over
sack of Versace blocks per second
Oh besides I've never seen a sneaker
unboxing with glasses inside oh these
are legit Versace glasses I don't think
you know how serious this is gross
Versace glass how listen it's called and
we haven't even got to the shoes we have
not even got to the shoes yet Thank You
Puma the main event the sneakers oh boy
right off the bat I definitely mess with
this colorway way more than the last one
not that the last number was bad but
this one is definitely more wearable so
like I said earlier there's no two same
designs on these sneakers the Coogee
print on every single pair is different
I have worn the other pair where the
other pair does the Big Sean concert
because as you guys know Big Shot has
recently silence kula so like you know
i'ma show up and some Pumas I personally
I personally would not wear this with
any of the clothing but that's just my
personal preference because I think it's
a little doing too much but if I'm
wearing this on everyday streets I would
desperate maybe that may be the chap
jacket I take my statement back amazing
I might wear this with the track jacket
I'm going to go grab the other pair of
shoes real quick so I will be right back
in like literally in the next scene but
realistically it'll take like two
minutes so I'm not going to leave the
camera room for two minutes so here are
the two coogee collab Pumas right here
as you guys can see this one is a little
out there and loud so I'm really happy
they drop the colorway that's really
subtle Huma putting this little package
together with all this don't close the
Versace frames all that stuff like
killed it and that makes me appreciate
this naked more so on top of it being a
very soft cut Bowl that's really soft
probably what
the best unboxings I've done in the wild
like it was real a lot of shock value
like it these like bro I can't get over
this now I got to clean up this mess
alright guys almost it is midnight Roble
five get a great deities checking
ourself talent and we have seven
subscribers away from 700 K but like I
said 12:05 a.m. so nobody's really like
paying attention to this
me it's raining now to the health or far
away now or away keep coming
Oh three away Oh 98 okay never mind
99 98 you impart 98 that
if updated only to two
in one ward for more subscribers
go back that it always does that if
people are paying attention to it or hit
it there we go gotta 700,000 hell yeah
