ninety nine ten and a half let me see
I'm Ted I have to use I'll buy it off
you
whatever I'm out here at USD because
today is wajih's graduation so proud
alumni he's joined the Alumni gang you
know I'm a USC UCLA alumni you know I'm
saying already UC Davis the whole gang
oh you guys should ride yeah yeah yeah
yeah I'm the shoe guy but yeah so we're
going to go the graduation already
started I try to show up late so that I
can miss all the who blonde blue block I
hate graduations guys I purposely almost
failed high school so I didn't have to
go to my own graduation but then my I
wanted to make my parents proud cause I
was the only time I was graduating fill
me everyone's wearing collared shirts
and I'm out here in freakin Yeezy season
you feel me we stay true to our roots I
dig up on ethnicity log you see I know
my middle name it's called work out
right now let me show you how many ideas
did they get more excited for a moment
you say you know the favorite is my
favorite I love alright so I said bye to
everybody but I gotta go home now cause
I got so much work to take care of I got
to edit for a crew table because it's
Friday so I need to post that while I
would fit it's uber and take this uber I
got something for you guys though hit
that intro you know what time it is
overseas
what's in the box man I said guys right
now
life is hard life is very very hard are
you guys are you ready to see what's in
this box
Tom I want to thank cap sports because
chance is like one of the only
consistent companies that give us
products to unbox and review for you
guys so really big huge shadow chance
hey you said sending us a lot of like
random stuff I remember like that
they're sending us stuff that we
actually wear now so I appreciate you
guys and thank you for noticing that we
weren't liking the products we don't we
don't like lying to our audiences
basically what it was this was sent to
me by chance I already know what it is
they told me what it is I'm excited for
this just because I love that new shoe
smell without a video of my parents kind
of the pure money Jordan phors now these
do release I believe this weekend I
already have my pair so oh yeah what are
you going to do another pair I'm gonna
give it to you guys I did just mention
that ugz giveaway I'm doing but I'm
gonna give these away because I hope the
champs already and they said yeah let's
give it away so I was like alright we're
going to give it away so we're going to
give it away this is what we're going to
do though because I know you guys every
time I am doing a giveaway because load
my Twitter going to have a fair drop in
the description box down below but
there's a few rules so basically rule
number one is obviously you got to be a
crew TV subscriber rule number two is
you guys got to check out and subscribe
to the YouTube channel 4 champ sport so
I will link the YouTube channel for
champ Sports down below and last but not
least you just got to click the link in
the description box down below to enter
if you're a size 10 please enter if
you're not as I tend and please don't
enter because I want the person to
actually wear these I really don't think
I have anything else for you guys today
yeah
alright guys check this out I'm in
downtown LA right now I did not log
after wise use a Jew a ssin when I got
home from I'm telling you big things are
coming big collabs are coming we're
working with the top of the top anyway
I'm in downtown LA it is currently
Saturday Jordan and Brandon hosting a
pop-up shop with Don fee to release the
third collaboration which is the dawn
free tools in the atomic orange color
way going to go in there Jordan Ben's
going to let me get in there check out
the displays and show you guys
everything so let's go ahead and go and
gets around the corner so we have a
little bit of a walk but it's a
beautiful day in LA to day episode in
one so let's go
personally as a jump man if you could
see it it's kind of hard to see it I'm
at the jump man just Don pop-up shop
it's only available in youth and kids
sizes not men's sizes yet but don't
leave no way any chili okay using it
what's up they don't have men's sizes so
I don't I can't call myself a pair but
maybe I could get my niece appear we'll
see we'll see
the top all things off guys they gave me
some Jordan Brand flowers to take home
very very special ooh am I going to give
this to I think I know someone
yes Jordan brands Chelsea Jordan you go
on boxey's yeah Michigan boys muffin in
the more magazine these are the perfect
experiment freaking October and I know
they had the cream ones and the blue one
I didn't get the green because they
already had two good
now the loo is sold out I would have got
the book they had it at that leather
inside holy qur√≠an to quality is just
like the men's pairs which is crazy
why don't you the men sure did didn't
sell the men's care yet nope did all saw
the men's pair yeah wait you mean of the
other colors are discolored oh yeah they
don't make it
oh you know why I just biked to
undefeated was because I checked their
Instagram and they had hell of babe
stuff and then as I pull up from one
high priest coming for this stuff to
another Wiggins guys where'd you buy it
that size 11 what size then in the house
I just
okay so half the things I wanted were
gone already but I got a big phone case
you know I don't understand today they
wouldn't let me film inside the store
usually I mean sometimes they do
sometimes they don't like I don't
understand what the if anything I'm
giving you guys promo I just don't
understand this whole you can't film in
our sword bowl I don't know they have
big products so I'm going to keep coming
back maybe I'll just stop talking about
their stuff that's one of those
cardholder phone cases I'm still going
to use the diet starts tomorrow case but
I'm going to use the bait one for like
when I'm traveling and things like that
so that I can keep my ID in here you
know all right let's go back home see
the baby more
