why some segments all types a video so
or completely the works were they
is about the law
beautyberry together
alright guys so as you can see you know
yesterday I said swags been in LA and I
haven't seen no black he just had to
make a quick stop before he goes home at
least I got to you
we Ruby thinks lag in the Chicago spirit
called suits plastic and he just asked
me how's it going to work as far as this
job goes but pretty much business from
the other state and then so cool so when
you're playing the whole store you'll be
like the Commissioner right and then
I'll come up and I'll be like oh we're
actually getting sushi right now you
guys know who she is who she is
well I don't maybe you guys don't know
who she is but it's in Westwood so we're
back to our Ruth UCLA days we're going
to get some bomb food before swag bleep
sounds any words just people you know if
you don't see it with your eyes how you
ever going to believe it with your damn
by just going to give them a 100 like
that after that 100 I descend to the
vlogs and that's it y'all thanks for
watching thumbs oh all right guys so goo
she was a well actually it wasn't that
good today because I'm an idiot and I
accidentally put soy sauce on top of it
instead of teriyaki sauce so I had like
this salary taste but it was still good
Leslie anyway means swag are walking to
a sneaker there's this actual foot
action here at Westwood now it's free
temple yes I'll try it I'm gonna happen
best cake in the world amazing really
good I might have to come back what diet
there's like a farmers market here it's
pretty cool but anyway there's a foot
action here we're going to check it out
before so I hit the road to go back home
to the bay sad days we'll miss ug but
I'll see you in Chicago
sigh sound represent you know Dan what
are you gonna have on feet Kelly tell
them well what's going to be on CG kg go
you can't kiss and tell they you know
they say Michael Jordan I love you can
you guys 23 play r45 No
to check out his SoundCloud that's crazy
how goes were a sample and they release
them
yeah loci have you Jordan sitting within
10 seconds ready okay there's way too
many I can't even finish the book this
so many I guess I did cop the parlays
but I didn't get them for myself I got
them from Mickey because I was supposed
to pay for his flight to Phoenix because
he beat me at one-on-one I got cheated
the sad clown comes in sunny sky even
damp so many 100 Zee my up there in the
vlog again right here alright guys
so I've been doing YouTube for 10 years
almost 10 years now in September of this
year is the 10 year anniversary of my
youtube journey since I uploaded my
first video on youtube.com / KY Solimar
and I want to do something special
I've spent the last months and years and
however long just thinking like what was
that thing that I'm going to do to honor
1 million subscribers and my audience is
really not big compared to like some top
youtubers but I probably I know I have
some of the most loyal subscribers and
followers ever like people you guys
really rock at me and I'm I'm so blessed
you know I could do something like hey
I'm gonna go bungee jump for 1 million
subscribers or hey I'm going to go take
a crazy vacation or hey I'm going to
throw a crazy party but no I might do
the crazy party part of it but how could
I celebrate 1 million subscribers and
also give back to you guys
and I finally figured how I want to do
it and me being the high beef that I am
I think this is probably the best way to
to do this
okay so I'm actually about to get on it
gloves off podcasts which I've been
telling you guys about and to set a lot
of rumors and BS straight a lot of
people you know they ain't in respect on
my name listen respect on my name
y'all stand me when y'all say my name
put some respect
anything to say to the vlog before we go
live I got so listen that this is Tony D
talkin
I love Christ I taught the case more
than any of the youtuber besides oh but
I'm not I'm not gonna show that you
think water taking over this quad is
gonna take off I got am I going to get
in trouble if I just do the whole
podcast like this so yo what is good
this is the gloves off podcast number
three and our special guest today is Chi
Solimar and I said before the aka aka
quagmire case aka the world's
heavyweight high speed chanting aka the
key master master okay here's the deal
I did the podcasts that I've been
telling you guys about I did the podcast
and I was really satisfied with our
conversation if you guys want to see the
whole to our podcast with Tony and both
talking about all this BS surrounding me
and me and the sneaker culture and all
that stuff I'm not going to touch on it
because you guys can go watch it and
find out the details it's in the
description box down below make sure you
guys go check it out but anyway I'm
going to put the camera right here all
the lighting hold on we can get to
lighting huh okay no lighting still
better oh okay it's a little better
big announcement brother but it's a huge
announcement I'm going to disappear but
a few things are going to pop up ready
it's a lot of easy stuff let me get a
good thumbnail what am i doing why do I
have ten boxes right well nine boxes in
one pair this is a number ball
the reason why I want to do something
crazy for when I reach 1 million
subscribers and I was thinking and I'm
like how can I give back to everyone and
still do something dope and do something
that's never been done I'm going to do
the biggest Yeezy giveaway ever you guys
don't have to pay $1 to enter or
anything it's totally free all you guys
have to do is literally subscribe
subscribe to this channel crew TV now
you're probably saying oh you're not
really going to give give 10 where you
going to get 10 easy from this one is
brand new does it have a box but it's
brand new every easy that I've been able
to get recently I've got it look brand
new tags on another pair of brand new
tags on I already have four of the ten
pairs ready another pair tag on all you
guys got to do is subscribe and then
when we hit 1 million subscribers we
will start the giveaway and it will be
legit I want to hand-deliver of the
easies to the winners if I can't hand
deliver them I want to make sure that we
see the winners getting them by them
videotaping some when they unbox it or
whatever like I want to make sure that
you guys know that this giveaway is
legit if there's a winner in New York I
will fly to New York and deliver these
shoes to them if there's a winner in
Florida Texas wherever it is Canada the
winners will get their Yeezys I promise
you guys that this is going to be legit
1 million subscribers I'm going to give
away 10 free pairs of Yeezys to my
knowledge I've never seen anybody give
this many pairs of uses away I know
today's video might have not been crazy
but I really try to make every single
one of my videos and my content amazing
so that's that's the huge thing that I'm
doing spread the word thank you guys
ahead of time with all that being said
that is a huge announcement that's what
I'm going to do to when I reach a
million subscribers hopefully we can hit
it before the 10-year anniversary
because that would be the cherry on top
