all of a sudden freakin reseller I just
seen my own choice liar you turn of
thoughts I make merry night so make
money
I am the number one most impactful
artist of our generation I am
Shakespeare in the flesh
well could we what's going on guys
so another gloomy a beautiful day in Los
Angeles I'm here with I heard about that
well I asked for cost to look for a car
like what are these political characters
whore rappers right because I rap
operations are wrapped cars yes so these
been contracting places a trap cards
we've been hitting up different places
to see if we can get my car wrapped
around the LA area we have a few
potential places and we're actually
going to go talk to one of them to tell
them the idea I have may go right here
yeah hopefully they can because I'm
looking to leave my car with them when I
leave to sneak a con London in about two
and a half weeks hopefully it goes good
hopefully they can make it happen and
hopefully we can get this car looking
high PC on the LA series pretty soon
that's our first move for the day it's
already 3 p.m. so it's kind of late but
you know the day is the answers that a
lot to do we got a lock key so that's
like a Swiss man you're like that the
answer darn it you ain't got to answer
at the end this way sorry doing this
many you doing alright guys so
unfortunately the car plates that we
went to was trying to charge a seven
grand for a car wrap hey all know now we
were like nah that's not going to happen
but anyway we're on Melrose now because
the cost has two sneakers that he needs
to swap and sell so maybe one of them
were what hit you up to buy it guys hit
it if he's selling his human races he
wanted that sneaker conve area so if
anybody wants to read that stock human
race is what sense and that's my size I
don't like those shoes they're not that
guy no I hate them
he's not something the easy so we're
gonna go to round yeah not the easy
we're going to see if we can spy swap
the UPS for him these homies right here
told me that the thrift store over here
has Easy's but they don't know if
they're legit or not so we shut our
Becky Ram got out back you think the
probably the third time you said that in
the vlog so we're going to go check
right now is the i/o we're going to go
see if they're legit or not but they
apparently they have zebras oh we're
going to die we're going to die you're
going to die for stopping traps and
we're going to die
all right thank you for thought okay
let's just see if you view though -
legit or not
we will reward
we chooses
so it's very hard to tell but I'm 99%
sure those aren't real the whole body is
like yellowing and they're supposed to
be dead stocks but why would they be
yellowing so early into a shoe that just
recently came out like the whole body
was yellowing it was like it just seemed
a little off so I wouldn't trust buying
them but they priced them for $350 we're
gonna see what else they have here so
these are pretty times these are the
Ricardo TC Riccardo Tisci shishya
I didn't know you did X long and it did
o'clock and then these are the vision
lighting up here guard band
who's man oh yeah man this store on
Melrose like it's a thrift store but cop
at your own risk because that music
looks cooler to me and I wouldn't
approve of them and those turtle doves
were 100% fake they were selling it for
$250 the fear of God vans were probably
real I've never seen a fake pair of fear
of God fans I've never even
Oh what's the plan I don't know what the
plan is but let's just say swag admit
he's been in SoCal for a week and I
haven't seen him so here he's still here
family you hit me up I left out a hymen
you go say I'm in a tahime Isaac waiting
you told me I was there the whole time
let's just say I found there's a reason
why I got a snake watch yesterday oh I
forgot to wear it anyway we are about to
grub right now hit up subway and you
know get that food in this just
we might have our pleasure
education education no hard edges along
better so I can write about a little boy
we've got the replacement of the dollars
you only travel by deduction
consolidating it without 140 degrees
another
we just got done from a meeting right
now
Lamont did end up side swapping and Evie
the merge for sneakers called London we
are about two and a half weeks away and
I do have exclusive products coming out
to speak about London I'm wearing one of
them this is a sample of one of them and
it's a collab but I can't say too much
that's all I could say I think I've
already said too much
so we will give you guys official images
probably next week on the phone
collection as well as the other products
that are dropping let's peek across
London be ready Nick your comic on goal
you guys are getting something crazy so
I can't like something that we've been
working on since last year and it's dope
it's like the first-ever junkie bomber
jacket cool combination cago that's
going to be crazy
call it a night knowing that holiday
okay I do have an emboss doodle a
positive pick the intro let's go what's
in a box let's go ahead and find out
what is in this box because I have no
freaking idea the only thing I know from
the tag is that this is from Baltimore
Maryland Baltimore Maryland means it
came from the head office of Under
Armour I actually visited there last
year when I was out there for sneaker
con it also gives it away because it
says Under Armour right here predictions
I think this might be a curry I'm hoping
it is occurring the new curry of his
playoff shoe I hope it is that if it's
not that I hope it's the rock shoe so if
it is a rock shoe I would be very very
excited because that shoe sold out
within minute I haven't had one of these
moments in a long time where I don't
know what's in the box and I miss it so
much fit with sweat
oh fit with Flex Under Armor so it
wasn't about to watch you put it this
way so you can see this is small as hell
what the hell is this look how small
this is like a kiss like a frisbee is
fit to flex oh I'm assuming this is
either a casual shoe or it is a workout
shoe I like the colorway right off the
bat hmm they look great on feet this
book that I'm saying I think you hit
myself in the face and I'm going to tell
you guys what this looks like to me
because this kind of looks like a
different shoe and I wait a minute okay
plot twist so I'm a youtuber I'm doing
this unboxing on YouTube so I'm really
shocked to see that this book right here
has another YouTube earth in it that's
Jesse from prank wrist prank
boyfriend vs. girlfriend he is in this
book modeling the sneaker and there's a
piece above him in here which is pretty
dope so these are the thread phone
shifts I'm guessing so I appreciate
Under Armour for sending me these what I
like the most is this shoe kind of
reminds me of a high fashion sneaker
which is a Balenciaga sneaker and I
don't know exactly what that model is
called but this strap right here
definitely does remind me of that and it
makes me like these because if that you
can dress these up recipes down and it
looks like a dope everyday shoe so shout
out to Under Armour for sending me these
that really do appreciate it haha you're
what the the shoes really fit in this
bag right here bro this thing is so
small with this see you from across sir
oh man and it's been a very very long
night for me emails and text messages
and phone calls and this is this this
and that that that always always always
it's always a blessing because if I
didn't have all this work going on I
would be you know doing nothing big with
my life like this
yeah I'm going to give you guys the
official full roster for sneaker Con
Chicago's hoops classic I know I've been
doing announcement here and there with
qnn but today we're not going to have a
qnn news I'm just going to just sit here
and keep it real with you guys as a few
guys are just chilling in my apartment
with me but my battery's about to die
give me one second
okay we good let me break it down for
you guys we're doing things different
this time I explained this last week but
I'll just give you a quick rundown
there's no teams there's no official
teams none of the players that I'm going
to say are on teams yet basically it's
going to be the dream crew which is
obviously my team I will be the team
captain of that team versus the speaker
con Windy City all-stars the captain of
the Windy City All Stars will be Trey
from kick genius and basically I will be
getting together with my coach Trey will
be getting together with his coach and
on Saturday June 3rd since it's a
two-day event we will be drafting
players to our teams so anything goes
really you never know what's going to
happen you never know who's going to go
where and that's why this is so exciting
we are literally going to have a live
draft in front of everybody at sneaker
con on the stage with like the hosts
which are busting em so now as the
Commissioner and it's going to be dope
is going to be like with the first pick
in the 2017 sneaker con hoops classic
the dream crew selects I don't know
who's going to be getting the first take
yet but that will be decided literally
on stage right when we're about to draft
by either a coin flip or rock paper
scissors or something like that we'll
figure that out but we don't know who's
going to get the first pick yet here are
the potential players that will be
drafted obviously myself I'm already on
a team Jay he's already on a team we got
swagga Diddy yg West aka the two times
sneaker con hoops classic MVP Ahmed aka
fire kicks bull 1rc Tony D to wild Bru
wadis cash nasty Mickey aka Mickey from
Bank Park Simplification atom solid
Chris London aka el SK the homie Richie
Lee Jacque Slade aka Cuzco Blake Linder
DC heat and Jay from kick genius it's
going to be insane and I almost forgot
to mention the host of the game which
will be doing the draft as well as
commentary on the court is the one and
only CJ so cool pretty much all set
there's no other players that's it
one more thing before I leave today is
Thursday and today I will actually be
doing a podcast with my good friends
Tony and bull on their show called
gloves off
we will tweet the link when it's going
to go up but we will start the podcast
at 9 p.m. Eastern 6 p.m. Pacific I was
going to say supposed to say Pacific and
it's basically the reason for this
podcast is to set a lot of things
straight
a lot of rumors a lot of people trying
to expose me basically a whole bunch of
things that people want to know about
with me we're going to address all of
them the reason why I'm doing this
podcast because I didn't have to do it I
didn't have to I didn't have to address
any of this stuff and I would still be
okay
but the reason why I am addressing it
because I have nothing to hide people
just want to know my side of certain
stories I think you guys deserve to know
so I'm hopefully you guys can tune in I
will link the channel that it will be on
down below so make sure you guys tune in
it's probably going to be something a
lot of you guys are interested in so
it's going to be a great show and yeah
man another day and this hype world of
mine boy meets height
you
you
