as we got kicked out the gusto gotta
take that the good stuff always happens
we're we still cop to watch though you
fill me this is my sneaker wall at the
moment I'm proud to say that this is
every single shoes that I ever wanted
except I'm missing something the reason
why I'm telling you guys this is because
there's three questions that I always
get asked where do I buy my shoes from
can you help me get Easy's for cheap and
are these sneakers real or not so
recently I've made it a thing to tell
you guys where I pick up my shoes from
because I want you guys to trust me and
I want you guys to know a legit websites
and places where you can buy sneakers
without worrying about buying fakes so
with that being said two weeks ago I
actually purchased the shoe that I was
missing I guess I'm going to go shower
now and until then you guys can hang out
with the past guys take it from here
guys thanks guys so sneaker con was this
past weekend in the Bay Area and
unfortunately I was unable to get my
hands on the one shoe that has been
haunting me that is not in my collection
so this is what I'm going to do I'm
going to bar them right now through the
app called goat I was at sneaker corn
and I was looking at tables and I was
asking people like how much is your
favorite MD and they would tell me like
oh I'm selling them for like 1,600 and
then I would go to the goat app where
you can check how much it's pretty much
going for on that app the prices you see
here on like all the sizes and stuff
like that are based on what people have
listed them at do see the size 10 right
here and it's going for a very good
price of 1,300 issues usually go for
like 15 $1,600 so finally I'm just going
to pull the trigger right now purchase
success and we got it now I will check
in with the future guys take it over
this is the good part so gold has a
verification process so you don't just
get the shoe from the person who's
selling it the person who's selling it
sends it to go first go gets the shoe
they look at it and they verify whether
it's real or it's fake and then after
they check it they send it to you so the
process takes a little long and that's
why I have to show you guys two weeks
ago when I ordered it but it's worth it
because you know you're getting a
hundred percent authentic products but
yeah it's pretty cool because once you
actually get the shoe it comes wrapped
like this with the gold sticker yeah so
they wrap it up in this little paper to
let you know that it was checked and
then it should I believe come with a
card this car right here lets you know
that the shoe is authentic and they
actually sign it off by the person who
checked it with their initials says our
goal is to be the most trusted market
place for sneakers that's why we've
carefully authenticated this pair for
you your sneakers have passed a series
of tests by our in-house specialists we
hope you enjoy them and thank you for
your purchase after I get that card I
don't have to worry I did not get
scanned I did not buy fake yes baby man
we got the base nmd the green camo
colorway wait did I forget to do the
intro I don't think it's too late what's
in the box if you guys want to check out
gold I will link it down below because I
said you guys are always asking me where
you can buy shoes from and legit and all
that stuff so I recommend this site for
you guys okay so we are at Barneys
looking at some designer sneakers for
the body
I remember the blue Air Force one yeah
you could have though yeah
somebody somebody drew on these turning
on that actually hi guys so yes we
didn't end up getting anything we're
gonna walk around the rest of Rodeo
Drive check out a few stores we're going
to go to LV and try to see if we can get
the supreme collab even though they
don't have it we always still go out
when we walk in there what they do we
cuz it's another Tuesday in LA
yes related I was wondering if I could
check out a watch
yeah what would you like go on over here
sorry that's not for some--for hi Peter
like what
that's not for heiping so you can leave
your information though and we'll
contact you as soon as we realize you're
not - until then service all right cue
light fingers this is hard bro daily
reminder that the world is filled with
snake
yeah voice armoire I got myself a
backpack this is the YouTube money came
in
yeah I wish guys will keep you just ask
the people at LV nbg to let us have bag
so today we are going to be doing
something let's just say we're always
thinking outside the box and today we're
going to be testing your taste buds the
first ever on YouTube sneaker hot sauce
challenge as you guys can see we've got
ourselves three different flavors or or
intensity intensity is either colors are
all different so it's not the same the
first one we have here is the adidas one
and this one is named adidas because
it's whatever
just like adidas before someone came
along you know good and then this next
one easy this one gets a little bit
harder because you know the high started
to build the shoes dropped some people
want crazy 350 - 350 b2 flavors so this
is the hottest of the hot if he can keep
things hot my extra pair of dead sock
zebra so let's see 4 out of 5 yet or all
the way to 5 questions right did you
fart look that first question what year
did Jordan sign with Nike hmm
this is a tough one for the first hot
shop this is a tough one even I know
it's in the 93 93 rings I'm gonna go
with my birth year 93 you're born in 93
yeah so is that correct
Oh guessing it's wrong what it what a
husband could it tended to stop because
that's wrong okay very good that's good
that's good
well I said a little bit more the
correct answer was 1984 not 90 Wow 1984
yeah
Nike yeah she even bought a long time
like a little bit Tabasco okay oh your
little side of the tongue but nothing I
can't handle
okay look I can handle okay okay so yeah
all for one that means you have to get
all the rest of these right I feel it
now it's like your forehead getting a
little native every every number Jordan
that you want a championship in what
Jordan - Jordan win a championship with
Jordans there's six of them hence
there's six oh now I know you want to
champion - Jordan chase I know like the
number yeah but you know
you know I called Camp Allen on the
fixes that correct one sixes was one of
them there G I'll be six seven eight to
regret whoa okay baby boss let me kick
three more okay six seven eight and then
he had another three P so I got the
things but I think it was like I don't
think he the thing is I don't think you
want changing shifts in eleven so I'm
gonna go twelve thirteen fourteen that's
incorrect eleven twelve you wanted in
the lemon yeah no wait I got I never
seen the championship there's no
championship color for eleven what are
they they didn't release a championship
back yet
I joined shout
okay now we're moving on up you passed
the first round you got two wrongs we
can't win like everyone the u-visa
okay we'll get you prepared your turn
ones if you can get the next three
buckets next three years
how many Easy's oh my god two-bit Nike
and Kanye make think that those only two
that I can think of no no it is from
special edition with five total colors I
don't hear any yeah
there's snakes no sorry but easy time oh
it takes it away no you're on this at
this one.you I think this was a little
longer than going to say after effects
might be real which former adidas
athlete finished his career with Nike
Kobe Kobe you started with the data
better god that was right that one was
so you know now guys we are onto the
easy this is the hottest one right here
the hottest one to even get up it's the
last one baby let's get five pixels this
might be a little cleaner
Wow come on besides Nike and Adidas name
three brands that Kanye has had a shoe
it not like a signature shoe but he's
had her like a collab or his logo on
their shoes except for Nike and Adidas
and Nike and Adidas okay Louis Vuitton
one that's correct
Oh II like he made it only this this is
my trick on you he has his own uh his
only easy line so that's another that he
can use out the answer we're looking for
oh but you could use that you got three
different that was made from himself
yeah so you worked you work with these
odd and do that count
goodbye will didn't get a few okay if
you click on one more you like uggs
too great so plot honor if he made a
shoot of tornados the engine ship I
answer but I tell it smiling a little
bit I don't but I wrong to say honest
cause out his inspiration for the 750
and incorrect whole of it yet those
Reeboks the oh my god oh my god I seen a
so many time and urban assess it II I
saw so many times you know the other one
is know who is it the babes
remember the Bates that I show you they
had him at UN Ojo those two yes
how so get it wipeout well guys that's
it for episode one of the easy hot sauce
game thank you to park is for
participating unfortunately he's not
going to wearing a pair of Yeezys what
do you guys want to see on the next
edition of
you know yeah any vendor thanks for
tuning in
