everything you've ever wanted to do is
doing it
Hey
- it
it is very very beautiful out here in
Los Angeles today as much as I did love
BC la is where my motivation every
single day comes from man the grindin
hustle you see in this city the culture
everything I love I'm trying to like
switch up my whole closet pretty much
does I have just like shirts from like
years ago that I can't get rid of
because I like them but I never wear
them you know what I mean I'm pretty
sure everybody has those few pieces of
clothing that they can get rid of I just
want to like get rid of stuff and just
be like only dope stuff that I like to
wear when I feel like I don't know I
just I'm trying to find certain things
that I just could wear more I don't even
know how to explain it honestly if there
is some sneakers that I'm looking for
I'm not going to say what they are
because I feel like I just give I told
you there's this last week but you guys
know everything I have so when it comes
to like sneaker cons or the peeps
classic like there's going to be no
surprise factor when I step on the court
or when I come to the event because you
guys know everything I have it is
beautiful outside it's a little chilly
just like I like it but let's go roam
these streets of LA I got to spread that
on one time
if anybody wants this I'm going to leave
it right here and it's at the park by
the Grove it's all yours
so we are about three weeks away from
sneaker con london guys if you guys have
seen the venue sneaker con is that it is
beautiful I don't think I've ever been
twisted into a con in such a nice light
there's a lot of good venues out there
but this one is like it looks amazing
like the lighting in there is going to
be honestly for the vlog letting I'm not
even kidding with you guys but anyway we
are a few weeks away sneaker con London
is first and then it's New York on
Chicago I'm working on a few things for
it we are dropping a collab in London
but I can't tell you guys with what
brand yet so stay tuned and we will have
exclusive hat at an expensive hoodie for
you guys
the chicken
either was crappy what do you hear me hi
guys so everyone has been asking about
the situation between me and this guy
pretty much we're going to address
everything on Thursday because as I told
you guys we're doing the podcast with
Tony on bull on the show gloves off so
yeah pretty much we're just going to
talk about what happened I guess and
just adjust everything on that podcast
as well as a whole bunch of other topics
of people trying to expose me and how
I'm bad for the culture and all this
bull gear horrible for torture cars
they're the worst finger migos told me
to do it for the culture all right
you're the worst freaking people ever
all right well yeah Thursday 6 p.m. 9
p.m. Eastern Tony and Bulls podcast
gloves off I'm sure what tweeted or
whatever all right guys so I'm riding my
bike right and the homie literally pulls
up on me and he yells out his window and
he shows me this and he says yo you want
to cop it and I'm like bruh pull over
let me just check them out after the
homie right here let's just say he might
be the new plug yeah these are the
Michigan 5 the flat 5 right this is my
favorite thing right here is the fingers
right there it's on the inside too
the bottle for 1992 and that's crazy
Josh he's trying to sell this for a
pretty penny so if you got the money hit
him up it's not my sizes 5-12
I would have considered it if it was my
size just because I need something crazy
for sneaker con Chicago comes with this
card that's oh man
I just spent the last four or five hours
cleaning my apartment it is spotless now
I finally let it set this up like
perfectly to where like both shelves are
on the slides just so with random things
but that's good and then over here for
the longest time I didn't over to hang
up my YouTube plaques but I finally hung
them up and I put them in my room so
that every morning when I wake up in my
bed I look over here and I see these bad
boys here to motivate me and it's kind
of like my little office area got my
little calendar my posted notes with all
my ideas and things like that let me
know if you guys would want a full on
apartment tour I don't know if you guys
would want that for me did you show you
guys like every little detail of the
apartment go ham on the thumbs up let's
see if you guys can get a crazy amount
of thumbs up and that will show me that
you want a full on apartment tour anyway
while I was up today I did not buy any
sneakers I have some sneakers to unbox
but we'll get into that I went a little
ape today you get it I got some big
stuff couldn't control myself but pretty
much I went to this store that's on
Fairfax I went there a few times looking
for this collab with babe and they never
had it and I haven't seen this anywhere
and I was just like at the point where
I'm like I don't care how much it is I
really want it so yeah it was kind of
expensive most expensiv babe pickup yeah
anyway the cool thing is that he
actually gave me something for free
which was this because I bought two
items that were kind of pricey but they
gave me this for free a memory stick
holder so it's like a babe memory stick
holders this always happens to me you
see something you see something laying
around the house you always see it and
then as soon as you need it you can't
find it I can't find my freaking memory
card like but oh it's right there so I
guess it's really useless put I got it
for free so much repent anyway let me
show you guys this the first one is a
football jersey champion football
Jerzy collab with babe I got the blue
one right here I didn't go with the red
one just because I felt like the red one
was too loud this one's a little more
subtle so you know it's legitimate you
know saying we don't do that fool around
here ninety-three on the front and then
you got the champion basic little tag
like all the dope champion stuff has and
then on the shoulder you got those two
stars that is kind of like signature
with babe and yeah super dope this is
going to be a dope fit for the
summertime we got the champion babe
collab basketball shorts like oh my
freaking God these are dope on one leg
we've got to champion logo with a little
bait tag right there we've got the two
bathing ape stars on the back of the
body
probably cost them they're cheap to make
but you know if you really like
something and you want it and you want
to be a high beast like me you gotta pay
the price unfortunately unless you got a
really good Kinect I can get it to you
for retail and that's the homie but
unfortunately I don't have that when it
comes to vaping now I'm just paying
resale on it so yeah those are my two
bait pickups I'm really really happy
with them again this is something that I
really really wanted I'm a big fan of
champion at the moment because they've
just been killing it and I'm a big fan
of vape and I've been buying a lot of
bait lately and it's not just because of
the hype it's really for me the reason
why I've really been on my bait like
I've always known about bait I've always
been interested in bait but I never
could really afford it and now that I'm
actually like you know doing good and I
can get things that I really like and
that's why I always tell you guys this
is gonna flex this isn't me trying to
say I got money or anything like that
it's just to show you like if you work
hard you can go buy whatever you want
you know I'm saying you can literally go
spend X amount on a bait pair of shorts
just because you know you work hard and
you deserve this but don't forget about
the memory card holder let me tell you
guys something you know what happens
when I pull this out that means we're
doing one thing and one thing only at
the intro what's in the box I would just
like to take this time to tell you that
I love that intro so much that I am
going to do it again
what's in the box how about one more
time what's in the box sorry alright
that's it guys you ready for this
welcome to what's in the box
alright guys no more games let's see
what we got in these boxes I got two
sneaker pickups right here as you guys
can see one is small and one is very
small he came and see it there is
technically I mean you could say it's a
triple up not a double up I can't say
names you know what I'm saying
everything is top-secret 350 and then
shout out to ez supply calm ground boxes
I wore these on the airplane and that
was the worst decision you could
probably ever make first of all I wrote
on these ones knowing that I was going
to get a second pair the airlines are
kicking people off of their flights now
you know I'm saying there's fights on
airplanes and you know what's the worst
thing that they're doing they're keeping
their planes very dirty and then making
my shoes dirty this is from the airplane
literally you see that stain right there
that is from the airplane I'm pretty
sure I can take that away with crept
issue is so white that like even the
inside has like red stains and I don't
know what the hell both of them have red
stains on the same spot like what is
that from Oh a fresh pair of coat white
easy 350 yeah they're not called coat
white they just called coat White's
because that's what they used to call
all right
Air Force One so yeah you know what if I
could turn this shoe to a minifig like
this Wow
I did I took these out of all so I was
able to get to baby size on easy supply
for retail more shoes for your head top
so watch how you speak on my name you
know back to you guys alright guys so
that is going to wrap up my day I am
exhausted like I told you earlier
sneaker con London is around the corner
sneaker con Chicago is around the corner
your boy needs to impress on the court I
was shooting bricks in New York I got to
redeem myself here's a little sample you
might get a little bounty oh wow fire
breath
please II did it going okay happy
final company love and giving that
practice your life
