if I have to choose another place to
live in this road outside of California
its va /dc
all right yeah - my name is Andy so
we're out there waiting for you
we are headed to one of my favorite
places in the world on a children
breakfast ethics our clients head up BAM
right in the middle of DC I just wanted
to get right get inside we began
Fotopoulos for what I recorded a little
revolution instead of always I landed
made it be super excited for this
weekend
I've just landed in a beefy stop
greyhound hanging out right now
and tight with the bathroom explosive
diarrhea guys keep me in your prayers a
lot better wash me about to fall on you
you play basketball the first to stay
field gold certificate all that is
including riffle so sinister tears oh
that's 108 Jeffrey guys without charges
still thin instead of Georgetown setup
we got one two three four
before 13
what's up my man yes I got a picture no
no pictures no are you talking to me
okay you've returned dollars swag so
much lag and you say my friend gonna
watch this it'll be back in Afghanistan
his name is swagger Diddy so they strike
a Diddy we were RC good oh you will
flicker man so you don't know we were we
were he doesn't he doesn't know he
doesn't work oh you do yeah yeah he's
wearing it do it okay it much respect
thank you later thank you thank you
don't you think you have your time all
right
humble guys I guess we're here there's
got that exclusive one of one season
sample
okay so I'm yet to explain to you why we
are even in Washington DC my cousin's
wedding is tonight so I didn't upload a
vlog yesterday because we got here at
6:00 p.m. or hold day was on the plane
and after we got here we just spent time
with family that's it so we didn't go
out or anything but today is the actual
wedding day and a so yeah the wedding in
DC I bought my suit yesterday but I
didn't get shoes so I need shoes and we
should be good
found some shoes pretty quick you know
we have to go with that designer life
nothing too crazy nice simple dress
shoes unboxing at Shake Shack the first
ever sneaker unboxing at Shake Shack
here to here first you get that Gucci
stripe on the back black leather
straight from the
rivers of
that's our on Vikings oh I don't
fall right now bro I know how we just
went in there for a minute
leak it up at DC to weaken y'all ready
all right guys so like we've been
literally running around everywhere Adam
in slim show we were literally there for
like 20 minutes we got to get this stuff
go back to the hotel and then it's
wedding season you feels me
disclaimer guys there will be no drone
shot in this area because we are so
close to the Pentagon that if I fly a
drone I'm probably going to get shot
even if I if I'm seen setting up my
drone I'll probably get shoved looking
at the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I failed my
mission got the same goal feeling what
I'm doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
all know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one that knows I ain't laughed in a
while don't talk to a whistle and if you
ain't really well you can get Stephon
you can love me when it's easy when it's
time to quit stepping it'll come back
and just turn into a blessing
cuz God is so good god is so good god is
so good how can I say no how can i my
god it's so dirty gave me a lot
we preach I always wait last minute to
get my suits and it always screws me
over because I never have them tailored
so I couldn't find a jacket I had the
right sleeve length and now my pants are
way too long but this is good this is
the other ties good my date is good you
ready you don't mean it
alright alright guys so we're late it
took us like hour and a half get here so
I'm just going to chill here you about
to go in I think you guys are a lot of
kids we're like the only cool one yeah
sure they adventures you and the
advantages of no but I think there's a
couple snakes in the car definitely I
mean there's always slithering around
leo say
if you do a blog of me touring the
tourist decide okay what is this the
Washington Monument guys we we are in
Washington District of Columbia or state
of Virginia or Maryland on the wall
okay so last day here in DC at least
tonight at 10 p.m. my cousin Arvind left
this morning the wedding is really fun
last night spent a lot of time with
family now it's time to go
hopefully execute
you know this is like you know what you
guys can have breaker stone for the next
two days NBC this is our car chromed out
I eight guys look at this oh my god just
give me the time of day I will be right
on my way I'm running with triggers your
spray might as well be go to stay you
serving you riding away but you know I
said to play then the back wheel of a
car my heart beating wrong so loading
I'm gonna die selector lose myself I'm
going old I need some milk
I got too much pride and more pain than
I have the felt lately it's been hard to
think about what's next makes every fall
workshopping the image just is
up my visit I want to give up a little
gift yeah yeah
my name's George
sunlight
no you'll never see cloud like there and
that way no because it's all covered
with pollution and all that but so guys
we are at cool kicks right now which is
there's a cool kicks in that way but
this is the original cool kicks it VA
what my cousin right now if you guys
watching my blogs from like what five
years ago yeah the last time five years
ago went to New York together on a
greyhound right here it was crazy
my cousin China convinced me to get to
get phones I can't do it man I know it's
the DMV way the DMV mark you rock the
news on the course right now check about
the playoffs guys they got these right
here these are a woman's 12 so that's
like a men's ten-and-a-half I'm trying
to find shoes that I could wear for
sneaker con Chicago's hoops classic I
want to wear something never like no one
would expect me to wear these are cool
but they're not that you know they're
not going to catch too many people's
eyes and shout out to this man right
here with good yeah well not go ahead
and plug yourself up Channel I'm like oh
my name is Chan Islam and I do sneak
your videos yeah and he's also been in
the vlogs I'm sure when we did the DC
meetup we put you in the vlog I'll see
you tomorrow yeah no problem getting
acquainted what do you copy
anything I might get the all-white 1.0
those are freaking hard I wanted to get
the up-tempo Supremes but no sizes and
you guys probably roasted me if I copped
us because all of a sudden Supreme I
don't know I'm trying to find my side
neither go to all these would be crazy
on the court to because they're all
three mmm green bean joints out so
everybody
I'm nineteen to watch a show me cake
designer circus no next week next week
in no cop guys unfortunately they didn't
have my size and most of the things I
wanted but it's all good that means I
have less to carry back on the plane
when I go home tonight so what's up all
of a sudden run another ticket man can
we get pictures
I am the very last person to get on this
flight Dulles Airport is too big it took
me forever to get to my gate freaking
and buy any snack now I got six hours
I don't know snacks hopefully they don't
kick me off this flight because you know
these airlines be they be kind of some
things I think these days you know let's
go
