what's going on everybody it is another
beautiful day out here in Southern
California today we are in Santa Monica
and we with Chris the cameraman about to
die and kill himself and yg East Hey
it's good not to get confused with yg
West anyway guys like I said we're here
in Santa Monica we just thought we'd
catch a vibe today nothing really on the
agenda but your boy got a fire fit on
you no I'm saying got that off white
flannel hoodie whatever the hell you
want to call it you don't saying and I
had to bust these out ASAP BAM you know
I'm saying huh you got that Y - oh boy
what right there Oh shame dangers this
was 700 that was $20 man they shot him
roast out here brother you know what it
is anyway guys we're gonna start the
blog off with the vibe you know I'm
saying cuz I'm just feeling the fit
right now it's it's Friday so we go
Jersey shit let's get that beer all
going
so actually today or tonight I'm
actually leaving talent for the first
time this season odds that I went to the
Bay Area's I don't know if that counts
but I'm leaving to the East Coast
tonight and I'm looking forward to it
and I'm also not looking forward to it
because it's hella cold out there and
you know it's a beautiful day out here
we just enjoyed that Cali lifestyle you
know I'm saying
where the hell is he going Priss just
literally runs like out of nowhere like
just goes crazy like I don't know what
he's doing he's all the way right there
while in all my haters am i 23 having a
Jordan moment
I'm dying what is he okay we gotta go
cuz we gotta go
wait what is this they selling fake
supreme now aunt are you don't know for
the day let's flashback right we got an
unboxing I got a package earlier like
literally 20 minutes ago we just opened
it hit the intro I ordered this stuff on
off Amazon and I ordered a hundred
dollars worth of supreme on Amazon
because I wanted to see if it was real
or not you know I'm saying half of this
stuff came the other half isn't coming
till next month so I'm gonna open this
up now and see if we got scammed or not
wait a minute we got worked so hard I
didn't know a brick of supreme stickers
look how small they are Wow guys damn
azan challenge fail I thought they were
gonna be the actual size I knew they
were gonna be fake but I said this is
even worse we got fake supreme off
Amazon I'm so disappointed do not buy
supreme stickers or anything supreme off
Amazon okay so now I'm actually gonna
head to the airport and say goodbye to
these guys because your boy going to
Baltimore you know I'm saying like I'm a
raven they don't know about secret I'm
not sure if I'm allowed to say but I'll
find out when I get there but alright
fam my choice I'll see y'all when we get
back I'll see Oh
oh yeah I'll see y'all at the airport
alright guys I'm at the airport and I
think my flight is actually boarding so
I'm gonna put my camera away and I will
see you guys in Maryland Baltimore
Maryland peace
I might have been like gassing up the
California weather and saying how
perfect it was right now even on the
East Coast this weather is just amazing
so you guys are probably wondering like
what am I even doing over here if you
guys don't know Baltimore is where the
headquarters is for Under Armour so I am
out here because I'm going to be filming
something with Under Armour I'm going to
the head campus right now the
headquarters to go be on set because
that's my call time and this might be my
over right here I have to double check
nope no that's not me inside the
dressing room and things can get awkward
any second now cuz someone can walk in
while I'm filming myself but
go get real yeah
all right guys so we've got to get to
the course beat are you ready oh man you
see eighth man I got my money on him for
the day for she just shot I got I got
some of your shooting ability from New
York City hey man you since you went off
on us and my powers I don't know what
you guys do know when I personally now
know that icism
very established Hooper yeah any hands
game you know I'm not know how he's no
lie exactly exactly very solid play I
would love to have on my team huh I like
y'all y'all play hard the rest of my
team wasn't playing good but when I came
in there I was doing numbers look very
productive so footage might say else but
you know hey so I got Eddie for exactly
hey so we got editing for so if you guys
don't know we are about to film shoot
your shot under armour series with B dot
hosting I'm not sure when this will be
up but hopefully it will be up soon for
you guys to watch it but it's dope it's
like basketball and interviewing at the
same time and playing some games and
just having some fun so should be dope
all right guys so I just finished
filming the episode of shoot your shot
shout out to B dot shoutout to Under
Armour for having me it was a crazy dope
fun experience I cannot wait for the
video to come out it's really really
dope if you guys have not seen shoot
your shot it's on the Under Armour
YouTube channel I'll link it down below
but there's been past episodes that are
really really good with cousteau and a
few other influencers it's a really dope
concept and I'm really really excited to
be a part of it so again thank you Under
Armour and thank you for this because
your boy got a little package hold on we
gotta get that film now all right so I'm
not gonna even wait til I get back to my
hotel I want to see what's inside this
bag so let's see what we get so
I don't know if this is a backpack
because it has the backpack straps this
is a cool
I think it's duffle and a backpack but
it's definitely packed to the max
basically the shoes I wore I decided to
go with a Miss mismatch vibe so they
gave me the option to either wear these
Curry for Low's or these Curry for lows
very similar colors both gum bottom and
I was like you know what can I wear one
of each they asked a few people and they
said you know what you can do it you
could be the first guest on the show to
go with one and one so I was like say no
more and these guys these are freaking
fire you guys know I play in the curry
for stew hoop in but PE the low tops
like I mean I'm kind of on the edge of
hooping in them maybe like a casual wear
and then I also got this gray color in
the low top I like this because it's
like white on the inside and then it's
like a gunmetal gray on the outside
super super dope but this is another
great basketball shoe there's another
shoe in here that has not even been
announced so I'm not allowed I'm not
sure if I'm allowed to show it to you
guys but I'll just show you maybe the
preview but these bad boys are
comfortable bro I'm telling you they are
super comfortable all right so I got
spoiled with sneakers and I honestly
don't know how I'm gonna dwell they gave
me a bag too so I kind of dunno how I'm
taking all this back but blessings man
Under Armour with the blessings
yo Baltimore is so beautiful today like
honestly I came here on a perfect day or
maybe I just brought that California
vibe with me you know I'm saying stand
out to everybody on the East Coast
you're welcome I'm just kidding guys
that was a joke
so now what I do for the rest of the day
is often because I thought here at 5
a.m. so
I literally have spent the entire day
just here after the shoot nothing's been
really going on I actually changed my
flight I was supposed to leave at 5 p.m.
tomorrow but then I changed it and I'm
leaving at 8 a.m. tomorrow so I can get
back to LA early Baltimore was cool but
I really don't know where to go out here
so I'm not really gonna go explore and
on top of that I'm coming back to the
East Coast next weekend for WWE Royal
Rumble in Philadelphia I am so freaking
excited man for the small amount of
people who do still watch wrestling on
this channel I will be going to the
Royal Rumble next week so I will be you
know vlogging as always and I will take
you guys with me to the experience
because it's gonna be absolutely lit and
other than that I'm honestly just gonna
rest up start packing because I don't
know how but in less than a day this is
the mess that I made Oh guys what do
they got I mean a haunted hotel out here
fam I'm leaving Baltimore right now bro
I can't do that
anyway guys we are currently hold on let
me check the stats real quick cuz I
don't even know I think we are at 9 oh
so close to 940 which obviously will be
60,000 subscribers away from 1 million
that means 60,000 people have to
subscribe and my goal of 1 million
subscribers comes to life hopefully some
of you guys who aren't subscribed do
subscribe right now because I would
really really gratefully appreciate that
and I'm gonna end the vlog on that note
and I'll see you guys tomorrow hopefully
with another video and we out of the
peace
