can you tell everyone why I'm such a
good boyfriend can you hear me yeah it's
nice
it's organic wife you can peel a tea
house you'd be like huh are you just too
young guys it's been a minute but I am
here at mag park checking out what they
have mixes on the phone over there let's
go see what they have up says because
I'm interested in the clothing more than
the sneakers today so I got a question
for you hold on member is awesome what's
the five most expensive things in mag
part well besides you being the most
expensive man its anniversary love it
for drug money cakes or you have brother
your science marquette pores which are
4,500 number three would actually be
down there we have a bare brick that is
worth a grand
Carhartt number two even on G's word oh
yeah are you 15 we just dropped the
price for size 12 the most expensive
things here are two thousand percent
fair break they're 100 grand each we
don't finance so many people we do here
this No okay so there you have it the
most expensive thing in Mac Park is not
a pair of shoes it's some toys well not
toys like collectible like be like
do you cuz life is so beautiful man so I
just got off of Twitter I'm the type of
person where if I don't like something
or I have negative thought thoughts
towards something
I won't stress my opinion on it and I
will leave it out of my social media
media or whatever it is if you have
nothing nice to say don't say nothing I
definitely want to touch on this this
topic because it's something that has to
do with the cecum community and it also
has to do with something that is huge in
the basketball world the ball family a
lot whether the names I don't even know
their names I just know Melo ball the
dad is okay you guys already know okay
dad is weird like he's made the family
look really bad he's made the boys look
really bad but then he's also brought a
lot of attention to them there's no such
thing as bad publicity at the end of the
day I just get on Twitter and I see that
let me backtrack actually about a week
and a half ago it was reported that the
guard from UCLA who's entering the JAF
Lonzo ball he was rejected by Nike
Adidas and Under Armour apparently
signing a contract with them to be a
endorser or athlete for the brand
because of like the dad's comments and
all this stuff is that kind of cost him
that opportunity I don't know if it's
true or what but that's what people are
saying now one week later I get on
Twitter and Lonzo ball unveils his first
big baller brand signature shoe
retailing at four hundred and ninety
five dollars mind you this man hasn't
even been drafted he hasn't even been
drafted yet and he's pricing issue at
almost $500
big baller brand is the family's brand
it's the dad's brand and their shirts
are priced way above any Nike or adidas
shirt as far as like a regular t-shirt
I'm not going to touch on that topic but
I'm just going to give my opinion on the
shoe first of all if you're going to
talk about the negatives at least point
out a positive because then if it's just
very negative I feel like I'm just
hating I will point out the positives
after I point out the negative the price
point is ridiculous I think that should
be going for no more than a
twenty hundred thirty dollars if that we
can $500 $500 that's more than premium
Jordans that's more than pinnacle
Jordans no one is going to buy that the
shoe itself it looks like a ripoff of a
James Harden Volume one and every single
low top Kobe ever made by night you can
even see a replicated boost type of
cracking bowl structure on the midsole
of the shoe my Angela and I can't make
the elk out I just passed that like I
said I have to touch on the positives
because I'm not trying to just hate on
his situation he got rejected by all
these all these big brands and they had
the mindset to you know what we got
rejected we're gonna make our own shoes
so I do give respect to that because
that is a hustlers mentality I would
think of doing something like that if I
were to you know get rejected by
somebody some companies if I wanted to
do like a sneaker Club I'll be like you
know what I'm gonna make my own collab
if I can't get in time I want then you
know what I'm gonna do on my own so I do
respect that and I give them kudos for
that you have to respect the hustle
that's that's the most important thing
respect the hustle what the price points
just not feeling it the way the shoe
looks I'm not feeling it it's actually
given me I'll turn right on as I was
driving I thought more about this and I
actually looked at a lot of people's
tweets and more people were just bashing
in a lot of people tweeted me saying hey
buy the shoe and review a body shoe and
review it I was gonna do it I was
literally gonna buy the shoe and review
it but then I found out it's a pre-order
and you won't even get the shoe until
November I don't know and I don't know
what's going on in this life is mine
this night
this night I love the journey I'm
embracing it never in a rush if it takes
me ten years that's okay I'm having fun
to him you live in as a dreamer no
you'll never be ready came in time we
are about to eat at Shogun's restaurant
it is fire it is a bootleg Benihana but
it is fire as she snapchat we just got
our toes did right we went to the nail
salon I got a pepper I got a pedicure
man manicures hand got a pedicure and I
want to announce right now there's a lot
of BS going on in the speaker community
a lot of be absorbed on time shots fired
a lot of people are hating on me a lot
of people are hating on all this sneaker
youtubers and in all that BS and as you
guys can see there's a smile on my face
because it doesn't bother me so the only
podcast that I'm getting on to adjust
everything is gloves off which is Tony
and Bulls podcast now those are my
friends yes but I Tony D of all people
will go in on me he will call me out
even if he's my friend you will call me
out life is too short to care what other
people say or other people's opinions
but sometimes you just got to give your
side and that's what I'm gonna do I'm
not going to stop my grind ever for
nobody something yeah million views
right here give you a million views
oh it's lit guys we are in a food coma
but that's it for the night we'll see
you next week I love the journey I'm
embracing it never in a rush if it makes
me ten years that's okay I'm having fun
to be living as a dreamer know you'll
never be done I prefer to keep it
positive if people need us everybody got
the
