for a while what a beautiful day
first things first I want to apologize
for not uploading a vlog episode
yesterday I kind of took the day off to
just focus on getting used to my laptop
cleaning my apartment preparing for the
new series on coop cakes called crew
table which is going up this Friday as
well as just replying to emails getting
the next few weeks ready for my life and
I hope you guys understand that and now
we are resuming with the vlogs and Wow
I just had like a 18 day streak of
uploading episodes which I'm pretty
proud of and I just needed one day off
but we're back today's one of those days
in LA where you just wake up and you
have no idea what's going to happen but
I'm pretty sure we'll figure it out the
Sun is out this guy is beautiful the
weather is amazing it's a Yeezy type of
day but we have a few options so this
past Saturday as you guys know adidas
dropped the easy 350 v2 in the all-white
colorway the cream colorway the triple
white colourway whatever you want to
call it many people believe that the
resale on this easy is going to be
fairly lower than usual and it seems
like as every easy 350 v2 comes out you
know prices aren't as crazy as other
models that raises the question is easy
hype dead it's a hype dead what's going
on
we know that was hit hydrator
what is this pastel jacket straight from
the street from the source there yes
when he Kanye's like old brands just
something that he kind of started and
didn't really get the ball rolling too
much with and he like handed over some
responsibilities to Ian at a certain
point that's where we are now I guess
I'll give you 20 bucks for it
steal only take it home with you steals
that around too
alright guys I didn't end up picking
anything up from round two there was a
few things I wanted but controlling
myself if you guys are looking for
vintage clothes even new hype clothes
supreme fav all that stuff comes around
to on Melrose that is the place to be
but anyway I need to get some food in my
system so if the e hive dead I really
don't think is dead I think it's too
available I guess when Kanye first
signed with Adidas one of the things he
promised everyone was that everyone who
wants uses would be able to have Easy's
and when the first few 350 s came out
not to be twos it was a little bit
difficult to get was really difficult to
get them because it was just the same
thing as the Nikes he's like they were
limited they were selling out reso was
crazy and everybody was kind of pissed
off including myself and we said you
guys promised us that we'd be able to
get them if you wanted them but that's
not the case things have changed with
all the recent pairs they've been made
in terms of them
and I'm not talking about of each shoe
I'm talking about of colorways like they
made for colors like the ones that have
the register of the green stripe the
copper stripe and the white stripe they
gave us four of the same exact shoe with
just one detail change and I feel like
that kind of was like too much and it
didn't really kill the hind but it got
people less excited about it which I
guess you can call killing the height
that definitely did have an effect on
whether or not those shoes would have
went for more than a thousand dollars
why am I still holding this okay so what
I'm trying to say is that the zebra the
resell is still over $1000 because it
wasn't released in too many white
colorways I believe with this one
they've made a lot more making it very
very easy to get I know a lot of people
who were able to cop pairs who are not
even sneaker heads off of easy supply
adidas or in person raffles people were
able to get this shoe and that's exactly
what Kanye and Adidas promised us in the
beginning the more pairs that come out
the less sought-after they become even
though it's a easy and everybody wants
one it's just easier to get this was the
first easy where multiple people hit me
up that work for stores and work for big
companies and said hey do you need it we
can hold you down for retail I'm saying
that on camera I can't say who I can't
say how we're right or what any of that
information it was the only easy that
has ever been that available to me and I
still paid resell at first because I
needed them a few days early but that's
a different story I personally don't
think the easy hype has died I am a
Yeezy fanatic I love Kanye and love
adidas now because of Kanye's movement
and because of their boost movement and
I don't think the hype will ever die I
don't the resale might be lower for a
few shoes it might be higher for a few
shoes it really just depends on quantity
as well as well as availability and all
that stuff again with that being said
the easy hype has not died it's just a
market that's how it is so the less
pairs the more expensive the less people
want them the less people want them the
cheaper they become it's the same for
every brand it's the same for every hype
sneaker it's the same for about any
everything in this world so but you know
that's just my opinion what about the
other guys in the crew
alright guys so guys told me we did
nothing but your boy fiery kick and
today I will tell you guys what do I
think the easy hype has died down
absolutely not
just because the resale price of Evie's
are down doesn't necessarily that the
hype is dead yes I do but are they at
the level that they want work all of the
helicopters going I don't think the hype
behind the easies has necessarily died I
think it's still there I think people
still want them I think it's alive I
think it's alive and well I don't think
it's going to be dead for any time soon
from a retailer's perspective the profit
margins have gone down tremendously now
I think the easy is slightly taking a
left turn I don't think the hype has
died and the reason why I'm saying that
because it doesn't matter what you see
it is it's going to sell out if we get
forward of one type of style or color we
lose every couple months is going to
come up with another one two three
threes will come out come out for 150
come on 50 for the negative 350 for all
we know and I'm just looking at some
behind will still be there specifically
in the seated community they're way too
accessible now more people have access
to it now you know they feel some type
of way because the resale price at the
time but there's still someone else so
I've been dead easy time you toys resale
and stuff like that goes I do think it
did die down a little bit so if you want
to take that turn I think it did die
resale Michael now just depending on if
this is more choose more options of
stuff out there what do you think are
you hyped or not I think they're pretty
high I mean once I own a pair oh god did
her appearance
oh wow this vlog is about to take some
major turns because we've got some huge
announcements we've got someone's boxing
let's start with this what's in the box
so these were purchased off of nike.com
who actually was on that Nike Plus app
thingy and I was really really happy
that I got them this issue that I've
been 20 contrary to what you believe I
am a huge fan of the Jordan 31 but the
fact that it's something that regularly
would it released because it was a
modified PE these are the mr.
triple-doubles aka these are the russell
westbrook peas damn these are freaking
dope now people don't go crazy over new
model Jordan's that much but this is a
shoe that I had to have basically the
reason why I appreciate you so much is
because this is a PE version of the
Jordan 31 the reason why it's special
modified version with PE Jordan 131 is
because of Russell Westbrook when the 31
came out is the regular 31 this is the
bottom of the regular 31 he requested
that Jordan branch which switched to the
bottom of the Jordan 29 I believe it was
the Jordan 29 which was also the same
bottom for the Jordan 30 and they put
the 29 bottom to it so this is the
bottom that you see on a Jordan 29 as
well as a Jordan 30 so that's why they
modified it just for Russell Westbrook
elephant print all the way throughout
the back of the shoe the jump man on the
back the nike swoosh on the on the on
the mid just like that jordan 1 why not
on the bottom of the shoe that is
russell westbrook slogan that's what he
goes by yeah man these shoes are freakin
sexy as hell
I'm so happy about these now it's time
to give you guys a little bit of a news
update with a Q&A take it over Titus
ladies and gentlemen could I please have
your attention
oh good afternoon in today's top story
we have some breaking news I cannot find
my suit jacket in other news we are here
to tell you guys that we have a very
very huge plot twist in the Chicago
sneaker con hoops classic June 3rd and
4th here is the breaking news as you
guys know for the past two sneaker con
hoops classic being in Atlanta in New
York rosters were set having the dream
crew against the shoe tubers and the
dream KU vs. team sneaker con this year
is a little bit of a twist for the first
time ever they will be having a live
draft for the game the day before the
actual game at sneaker Conn let me
explain
so sneaker con Chicago is a two day
event Saturday that's the 3rd Atun and a
Sunday that's the 4th of June so on the
3rd of June on the stage of sneaker con
there will be a live draft that is
correct a live drop that will take place
on stage in front of everyone an
attendant at sneaker con if you want to
catch the live draft as well as the
actual game you'll need to tune in
actually you'll need to attend sneaker
concha cago that's all for today's
episode of qnn news I hope you guys
enjoyed thank you and we will see you
next time back to you guys so I honestly
don't know why so many people complained
about this computer when it first came
out I know it's kind of disappointing
that you need to carry these things
around all the time but besides that
this computer is freaking amazing now if
I don't bring these with me on a trip or
if I lose these I'm pretty much here
filming
I come out
