samo you're leaving in 30 minutes stop
it
it is finally time to say goodbye to the
beautiful no nak house we created some
great memories in this house some of
them on camera some of them off the
camera but it is time to leave and go
home to the Los Angeles area where we
will grind continue to get more of these
opportunities to travel throughout the
world and stay in other people's houses
I don't know why I'm yelling everybody
has left except me tonight we are the
last ones to leave you are the last ones
catching our flight although Los Angeles
crew has gone home all of the Bay Area
crew pretty much left Saturday after
sneek economy haven't seen them since
then shots fired so now it's time to
pack up get rolling and we'll be in Los
Angeles soon how many LeBrons did Harris
leave here to to the people who talked
to have been staying at it is kind of
messy but at least I took out the trash
for you guys
unfortunately we can't take this bad boy
to LA but that's been it one last time
luckier motion is made right here in oil
or last bin to decide what we
Oh No
Chipotle Chipotle get this video yeah
probably his fire great times no
knockout thank you for all the memories
we're sorry for the mess we left and all
the silly string around the house but
believe we don't get charged for all
that more tuned for your head tops watch
how you speak on my name you know
bye-bye bear yeah it was beautiful there
was an amazing time
I keep thinking you guys for everything
but I can't thank you enough
security check volunteers are more
champion hit but thank you to the big
mountain town feel you know no I'm not
involved come with me because you guys
innovate and all over Twitter love the
collab that I did with sample bullet and
Tony we are definitely going to be doing
an online drop soon not the same product
something different that was exclusive
how you doing oh we are going to be
doing something online for online people
that Bay Area one was just for the Bay
Area just because we want to give them
something special a collab will be
coming soon again with sample stay tuned
but then also another collab coming with
another brand which I've been rep in you
never know maybe we'll get a moment
brother collab hey stay tuned I like
doing collage because you get to bring
to two grams together even though I'm
like not an official clothing brand work
with other people and just create
something dope and you guys seem to love
it so sky's the limit
merch the limit we will keep creating
stuff man
okay guys I'm having a very very
complicated situation which makes this
episode suck a lot of my episodes have
been very like not very smooth because
of this so I've been editing with my
computer being very very laggy like for
instance thank you for all the memory
we're sorry for that mess with us and
all the silly string around the I don't
know if you guys get it so it's super
laggy so when I want to stop on
something I can't even tell where I'm
stopping my computer has been really
really laggy and it's been making me
been making it very ridiculously hard to
edit and this started literally a couple
episodes into the whole boy meets hi
every day it's getting harder and harder
but the worst thing happened to vlog you
watching today didn't really have a
story to emphasize the fact that we left
the house and all that but I was going
to unbox that huge purple box that I
have box that you saw me pick up the
luggage thingy i unboxed it and had a
whole bunch of things in it and the
audio was messed up because I
accidentally used my old camera so it
didn't pick all that up so on top of
that situation and then district and
then this freaking horrible situation
today's vlog pretty much sucks but
here's the good news
this is the unofficial episode of what's
in a pot I just woke up I do it ladies
and gentlemen the most expensive thing I
purchased all year long with the old in
with the new new MacBook baby we had
some good times we've had some bad times
but you've been replaced I'm going to
hate getting used to this one I have to
go by dog goes now I have been overdue
for a laptop I've been telling you guys
this I needed one I had no other choice
Wow there she is I love that Space Gray
that is so sexy I'm not going to start
setting it up right now I'm going to do
it later today because I'm running super
late right now I'm supposed to be in
downtown LA that's it man that's the end
of the vlog maybe I'll just open it up
oh yeah I was like it would really make
me feel better if you guys hit the
thumbs up but if not I understand
because it wasn't the best but now that
I have this thing in front of me we go
into a new level hahahaha
