ha I'm sorry ok but I'll fail wrong then
was never given to it we have brought
their guilt and brothers in that how
many of the whole North atomically the
welfare made enough old man with the
white Yeezys I knew I wanted to do
something I wanted to parents I wanted
to buy two pairs for sure because one
pair I wanted to kind of like use it as
an open canvas to like just draw our
pain on it but I'm not going to paint so
I'm just going to draw it these are real
100% real these are the period that I
got paid resale for one pair I do have
another pair that for retail that's the
pair that I'm going to wear regularly
this is the pair that I'm just going to
wear and beat up people might think I'm
crazy but it is my shoe I paid for the
shoe so I can do whatever I want to it
kind of hard you know Santa Monica Seles
kind of hectic
that first line
so also it should be in the back okay
and then it's a cue this way everything
is to the right so the R will be to the
right oh shoot dude this doesn't look
bad at all if I do he'll it to it then
it will look you'll know what I did
right now I kind of don't really so I
keep it like this or do I keep trying on
it that's the question that's what
should i do hello more you either like
that baby like not let the speaker's of
cue oh hey yeah fire don't do too much
to it very simple yeah I like that I
thought you were an underwear almost
I know I'm telling ya all right guys so
we are at Adam in slim show and the bear
yeah it's crazy how you guys that show
ended up on you could call Mike it's
really not crazy I expect to be I guess
what I will be following I'm sorry
rookie sorry that I couldn't I sir I do
interactive it's so quick his reaction
was so quick I couldn't hold it in right
go here make the announcement at your
claim cuz you haven't told anybody ever
I'm coming you can't chitchat see I'm
sorry John the 40 job this time 44 oh my
gosh we got to redeem ourselves we gotta
go it could be either though no one
catchable too tight that's what they do
my only teammates man I'm ready for
Chicago I'm reading with Chicago shots
can be sneaky come with us we ready for
taking the devil is about a third guy I
show Tommy about a go say we go go ahead
things and we cannot afford any size on
what is a little is big basketball fan
and excited we have a challenge in your
colloquy
the lady who farted we almost 1/2 man I
swear to God I didn't follow yeah oh
what's up my man what's up brah hey
everyone want YouTube Afro Arab is the
boy QoP right here bruh shout out to my
brother Alex shout to move in area s ie
the whole yearbook well this over this
past weekend every weekend I've been
doing a prank on everybody at the house
with crepitus as you guys know come
protect has a spray which is meant to
you spray it on your sneaker and
it's in a purple can with the crepitus
logo what I did is I went to the store
and I got silly string cans and I taped
them purple and I told everybody in the
house that hey these are prototypes of a
mini version of the Crypt protect spray
so I'm going to show you guys all the
times I got them because it was
throughout two three days it wasn't all
in one day because I didn't want it to
get you know everybody to notice that I
was doing it so here is the CREP protect
seeker cleaning spray prank I'm going to
make them spray their shoes for like
Devo shot you have to see how many of
you fall for it silly string so
hopefully it doesn't mess up their shoes
- oh my god you look like that one movie
what is it okay I'm going to go through
it to them don't make it obvious go
downstairs act natural no like holding
in your lap so so that yeah it's like a
promo video yeah yeah I miss ya can I
use you for a second video for this new
craft bottle look it made like a mini
one but there's no label so you have to
cover the logo and spray the shoes and
it just like febrile shots now we have
then the old some of it how far how are
you like one line like right across like
a good shot like how far do I have to do
doesn't matter just yeah this was nice
wait for the camera Oh
ah that is actually really good I didn't
think about it
Walter 21 is fine wait just like this
yeah one in one stroke take it
Oh what oh I'm so so really it's gonna
come oh come on G what is it and I just
go like this
yeah let's for now you ready yeah ah ha
ha ha ha he's not a real bottle so cold
most of it with your hand so it doesn't
look like it's in the bottom yes act
like you're covering the bear does
actually good there give me a block you
can get did look like oh should you sit
down on your arm in this one well you
gonna have to be worse than that - Wow I
will now and more different I thought
come on it and more chilling for your
head top so watch how you speak on my
name you know alright guys hope you guys
enjoyed that little prank I did on
everyone if you did hit that thumbs up
you know I have a little bit more silly
stream that I just found you know
there's a box sitting right there
yeah what's you know what what do we
want in this box what's in the box
what's in the box
nice oh right are these foodies LeBron a
pickle abroad I'm on the toilet girl
should we do with it I got a better idea
there's only one person in the crew that
rocked LeBrons like that area hold on I
want to know why did he make a tea a
McDonald's color with either a freaking
McMuffin oh it comes out a special
edition rapper fan he has a burger
coming out that's named after him
then mix choke oh I chose WAP this flop
there does it work you know we add a
little bit of color to them because the
yellow and red now Harris I'm sorry not
sorry but if you're watching is
definitely accomplice you say painting
with cute
Oh
we're done now time it's all about to
just swim in the back of the box and
until he gets them back you till you do
they resell it
