the cameras fine it's a pink that
Roosevelt at these - yes it's like I
can't wait it out this because of the
pain exactly it's a hall dual purpose we
have it written for the next people yeah
yeah and the clock and I'm super tired
but I'll just copy that I'm thinking
maybe what I'd like to call capitals is
like so much more dr. doe best fit but
if you want to stuff it up shoe is in
the wheel okay what are we waiting cause
for all J wanting work that cause they
or that is the teeny I can spell broke
broke not evening they happen okay all
hello definitely those Sam all hail
dances yeah here we go Friday is being
buddy buddy buddy boy go double have to
hold on a second fellas going close
ratted I think the hi few Gaza low
campus it thank you
these guys daughters go to sneak up on
Cleveland little busy mother another
option chat
I bring Cleveland to me I can go to
Cleveland nonsense
more tune for your head slap you watch
sakes become my name you know have you
ever been you know I remember the day
Seth Rollins cashed in money in the bank
WrestleMania this was to go into the
stadium you remember that moment I
remember monumental of your vlogger huh
high so he said to bring me down Judas
the things I get huh that's on the floor
because the kite now you showed up late
realize you're the last one to show of
yeah I said first-come first-serve I
told you that Sabina on Thursday so I
draw a very good eye my old room it's a
lot where we have to search on Francis
friend on the red carpet or losing hi
guys fuck
they try to sell the shoes out of that
car look on day you know is that not
more should for your head to my knee and
okay for to become when they wear out I
thought that which we look from car with
total cost so it's not here yeah here
here I know it that's not cool
yeah you're being a little bit off even
though they didn't doing are does matter
yeah just beautiful but Timur has a
little only offer
yes
mango is army manually on that and I
know man that'll come over 3500 off
maybe like don't everybody knows what I
had all right so it's not surprising
factor out the guys you can try to
switch it up you know so I drop does
that I get that video yeah yeah yeah
this is become it's still hectic right
now with all these people but it's only
a crazy yeah okay we live here got to be
a joke here I've been in my room making
beats like a pioneer got easy the
brahbrah
one aim in Chicago I kind of like this
drop yeah I really like a file so Hobby
saying way become people crazy is just
amazing how people never want to add
some itching then imagine negativity and
hop on your face cause it's super duper
blast I don't want to repeat everything
that I'm saying
okay
getting new youtubers be like we are not
it we miss Bella oh we're you - and you
again - we'll be making a shocking
annoying and for you to bother coming in
the budget area should be here you can
promise you - brother you already know
today what the sunlight it will try to
become winning we were doing security
with them how you just hung out on a
moon dropper side first time in here now
it's show a good time to sneak up on
conventional
Jeff the other and the one thing you've
done to another manatee what is the
phenomenon here describing to news it's
just because everybody in the building
is a secret I have a line and a lot of
people who follow me just because we
make
ecological politics with
the biggest showing in the world to the
second year it is the third year project
in it grows exponentially
absolutely how so I'll describe the
process describes our feeling well the
brewing the first time I came to I was
here as a man so I bought my ticket and
it was just people coming to buy sell
trade shoes now people can come here and
meet some other favourite eager
influencers or
as well as get little merge
for tonight a sneakers
on stage interviews different things
like that would become more vivid on
your big cookie SuperDuper blast I don't
want to repeat everything that I'm
saying everything that I'm making I'm in
my Lacroix before I go to sleep I even
mean it's energy that's beating us up in
our dreams
I got good vibes it's slowly right now
the line is crazy
we've sold out of it we have like a few
leftovers a collage a kiss but before
buying like you don't want to be with me
throw a good night okay go go go look at
the shoes though see you guys and I miss
my sister's celebration dinner because
of this is Berkeley oh my gosh anything
for the crew are you sure
give it up your dog progress on super
excited to be here is everybody's like
pouring rain in the Bay Area
yeah some of them I think they're happy
to be here now I've never been worked by
the query coupons as this one like you
over with you
Elliot area last week intensify ten
times bigger so thank you for everybody
who came house well I want to get back
to you guys so we got some goodies for
you guys so bagels those turns you guys
both to sign anybody to this thing
Oh
Oh
you from the back of the end almost like
I wish we can throw back there that for
this I'll check this out like this out
like this up check this out so I just
gave out 500 pills right good morning
one of them had a high seat on it you
got it
we got attitude you know what size are
you I would either get it have but you
can have them there you go my man
you got the right one I call you can't
you - I saw you
what are we lucky go with
Oh
it's all being caught on camera
real good man you deserve everything I
got I got so people are you fuckin six
in a mystical difference filthy you kill
detecting by huh bro our table in sight
23 reporting live from my apartment on
matoro well before I die you can change
it did you wait to maybe try homie to
many people picture not a time for me
guys first of all I know I wasn't
filming in first person for this entire
vlog I had my little cousin do it but
that was I know I always say was turn
that was the dopest sneaker con of this
year and the dopest sneaker cons I've
ever been a part of I think I know why
to be honest like knows like one thing
that stood out from all the other
sneaker cons I think he's out there just
idea turned out that he'll realize I
appreciate the appreciation fair motor
we had a hell of fun guys shout out to
everybody that came over 8,000 people
everything from all the items we had we
sold about sold out and everything
people were buying four or five of the
collab jackets and I get was reselling
them at the venue which we should have
monitored like how many conversions yeah
like prefer you know I was you know do
my thing it was crazy crazy man such a
good everything was settled Ollie all
this almost love almost the poor
everyone just talks you actually had fun
here like joking around amazing
differently your 101 you miss a lot
bigger con but this one was all the
reckless
huh
which you thought sellout he took a mind
oh yeah let's just say so I had a few
panels we get to 100 all day today going
on panels you know I thought I thought I
was a rock you know what the channel
those like a five panel right half and
then you call it in just leave it on
okay you tired so our hard workers right
here employees of the year thank you
very much gene we have to treat them to
support narrator we live here about to
be adult here I've been in my room
making beats like a pioneer got is
either bra bra 20 hit Chicago I kind of
like this drop yeah I really like a tile
so I've
