you have a very very loud I'm over at
that time a message don't you doctors in
front of you on an overhead compartment
heading back to LA right now and my hair
is all over the place
I'm literally flying to LA I'm going to
be in LA for nine hours and then I'm
getting on my flight to the Bay Area for
sneaker con you cook on a Saturday
today has just been so freakin insane
they'll need to catch this flight I
can't miss it but the good thing is that
it gets delayed 40 minutes I'm really
sorry for the lack of like B rolls and
there's no drone footage you know like I
really have not had time to do any of
that today I've been so exhausted like I
said so if this vlog sucks please
forgive me I promise you that tomorrow's
vlog Saturday Sunday's vlog are all n
Mondays what are all going to be
literally lit as ever let me catch up on
my sleep for a little bit ok let's go
alright guys I just found out that at
the airport
our flight is taking forever got on that
sample available at sneaker condo
Saturday only 50 at my booth 50 at the
sample booth you ready oh yeah
in the via movie we spoiled the Bay Area
because we didn't get to go there last
time yeah and we just made that we made
a lot of options but we made less of
each item
so there's select items they might sell
out depending on how popular they are
but we're about to get on this flight to
Oakland then I'll rip the net knock out
if anybody can guess what that stands
for comment down below
no no I was telling you no neck no neck
that's why I own that thank you thank
you thank you
Oh
alright guys so we made it back home now
with the baby
hey done time to make the major
announcement here this is an impromptu
edition of Q&N news ladies and gentlemen
can I please have your attention
Oh major announcement ladies and
gentlemen it's time to announce the next
nigga cons of 2017 so let's break it
down and give you the current schedule
before we announce the brand-new City
next up we have Bay Area sneaker Conn
this coming Saturday in Santa Clara
California April 29th after that we have
sneaker con London May 27 for weekend we
got Chicago sneaker culture then since
we're in July it is time to announce the
next sneaker con which will be July 23rd
ways to 22nd 2002 the July 22nd and 23rd
in Los Angeles and you know what that
means it's a two-day event which means
I'm not going to say yeah but use your
mind what usually happens on today
sneaker come and now it's time for me to
announce another huge sneaker con which
is going international on September 2nd
2017 sneaker con is coming to australia
melbourne australia what to say
we finding nemo I know a lot of people
are probably gonna be like oh how come
you don't come here how can we come
don't come here in between those times
from now till September other dates will
be announced it just depends on when we
can officially say it that different qnn
news we'll see you next time all right
guys so before we go over to the house
we'll look who's in town she just got
here an hour ago we picked the occasion
I tell him not to freaking record we new
record we're going to target to get some
things for the house you got to get some
snacks because we're going to be living
there for a few days Oh more soma oh my
god
oh my god left behind no Manito
when you don't get that ytz the ytz
market is so like everybody saying oh
it's going to be the lowest selling easy
but I don't know we'll see it's kind of
if you like the first few days gonna be
yeah that way I got it that way we can't
find a seminar Lee when I was a kid this
was the move we didn't even mess with
the pink ones just the white one
okay I'm ready for that mooska classic
Chicago are you playing in the rookie
again guys if you ever need help at
Target just grab one of these things and
walk around with it and then press the
button wherever you are then this is
clean okay welcome butter are you going
to take it away fast they say anything
about rules on keeping your shoes on in
the car super quiet in the house tonight
but tomorrow is going to be very very
different
still thinking about an official name
for the house so comment down below what
you think day is currently Thursday
tomorrow is Friday so tomorrow is going
to be the day before sneaker con so
we're going to begin the whole thing's a
whole bunch of things ready we're going
to go get the booth ready I'm gonna wake
up super early because I am going to try
to get tickets to the Kendrick Lamar
concert with Travis Scott they just
announced the dam tour and I really want
to get tickets mainly because of Travis
Scott because we watched Travis Scott a
few weeks ago at that Nike event and it
was freaking crazy like I have never
experienced a concert like that if I
can't get tickets regularly I'm
definitely obviously going to go through
see if you guys don't know it's Iggy Kid
I'll link it down below but it is like
the best place to get tickets instead of
going to like individual sites that sell
resell tickets it just puts them all in
one place so you can basically find the
best price without having to search side
to side to side side it's like yeah it's
going to be I don't know if I'm going to
wake up early tomorrow just because I've
just been exhausted from this whole day
so if I do miss out and I I missed the
original initial drop to buy the ticket
I'm just going to get them through
SeatGeek so I'm not really worried about
waking up super early to get the tickets
but I'm going to try well that's it for
today's vlog like I said earlier it
wasn't the best vlog I kind of just been
super exhausted and I literally have not
been able to get any b-roll or drone
shots or any of that stuff to make this
vlog episode into something crazy it's
time for me to get somewhere rest and we
got a long weekend ahead
I'm still right let's go right here okay
