all white bee twos crazy thank you it's
been a minute
morning garbodor Hanson class we will
have I do indeed need to return to the
airplane or Wireless college this is the
United Airlines flight to Las Vegas
departing and welcome aboard
I know what you guys are thinking and no
I'm not headed to the bay for sneaker
conscious yet I have a quick trip for
less than 24 hours why am i so close to
you baby back
Vegas I'm here
probably wondering what the hell am i
doing in Vegas for not even a full day
well my dad told me that him my uncles
and a few of my cousins are here for the
day because I got family from out of the
country visiting so they brought them to
Vegas and you know what I'm not doing
anything today I'm not leaving to the
Bay Area for speaker con until tomorrow
night so I was like I'm gonna come to
Vegas for the day and spend time with my
family because I even really got to hang
out with my dad in awhile so I'll be
mostly doing that but first stop right
out of the airplane is Boulevard mall is
that what it's called I don't plan on
buying anything but maybe a key master W
today hopefully
I thought you would be able to see the
writing is it there
we're going in the bake mobile hi guys
so we left UN where we going
I'm are it's a supreme story Supremes
for you I think I seen in Blake's vlog
but I've never been there so we're going
to go check it out I don't know if I buy
anything go because Supremes expensive
but they don't have babe stuff very very
very little excited for various nikka
Kanye's away I think is going to be one
of the biggest ones like I feel like a
lot of things have changed since the
last years this is a completely
completely different like experience
yeah it's and it's it's always great to
be able to interact with the supporter
and I mean I know that's all technically
for you right now it's like a coming
home for you exactly I've never been
never of the bay not really like this is
like the I mean la is like the farthest
last I've ever my created you know so
I'm really stoked about that to see the
vibe I'm not there for like a day or two
yeah bring a hoodie yeah
done little chilly I went and picked up
I'm not going to sound like a real high
beast but the other day Johnny and I
were we're walking back to the car we
pass by Montclair you know like the
skiing mmm right and they had bro I saw
an off-white logo in there and I was
like oh my god just as dude like I
bought pretty much everything off-white
Montclair Club like since the last time
since I have a lot of crazy 4d adidas
printed sneakers these are insane right
here they're way more comfortable than
way work oh yeah that's all 3d 4d 4d
here's a 3d 4d just looks like it's on
crack oh yeah steroids pink human races
can never seen anybody with these is
that crazy dude did you see these love
Fleming I want their little eyelids II
know that you have these release in no
no release I got our warm already these
are the kitten there's only like a
couple hundred pairs
I got mine for 400 bucks
early and now we had a parrot 30 come
into the store at 1300 goats at 1500
those those are out there too man
cause was athlete Timmy if you guys have
if I can get these for a decent price
Johnny's got two pair
I know so you guys got three total in
the house how many of these exist are
partly how much percentage is recycled I
suppose this offensive family this is a
friends and family one Johnny's gonna
kill me because I always make a master
now I'm not a big fan of the shoes on
feet I like this so they look way better
in person bro ladies I mean I know that
it's just white but like if you look at
the lines like I I would definitely take
this over the other color it would be
pretty good to bust out for Bay Area
that's what I'm saying before more
people start doing it you'll be the only
one for sure
so I mean there's I got the black one
too you have to you got rid of yours huh
yeah I got rid of it
what did I do it by basically did a
trade for satin this is the view he
wakes up to every morning not ok so
we're inside at the store right now
where they have like tons and tons of
supreme stuff I think I have this one I
think our kid like a stock for my tea
and vape supreme Cola
not for sale yeah Christmas tea this was
a friends and family only Tech so two
very rare size out of Burberry bolt tag
two Sopranos see the gun as the horror
anywhere between 2 to 2.5 k and then
this one on opening day last year we got
a offer for 28 and we said no and this
is like probably my favorite box though
just because it's not like your typical
box label but nobody has it so you can
really charge whatever I was going to
sell this to Travis when he came for
five thousand but I don't think he
wanted box logos at the time he only
wanted like some ready-to-wear stuff
like this and then Nagoya opening and
still krispies with tag oil I've seen
when people wear these too like the foil
just rips off and then like just looks
yellow it's kind of askew so I probably
would never wear it
I'm an Indian yes crappy all right so I
got thirty
well like 20 minutes until my family
gets here I had JC dropped me off at
Caesars because I want to go see if they
have this jacket that I saw his
apartment off-white collab with mom
Claire I guess I don't know what
Montclair is but they got an off white
jacket that was so fired I want to see
if they still have it
Vegas has been lit so far I haven't
bought anything go yet I haven't bought
it
now I've been like I don't know I don't
know how I feel about showing this
jacket really just because I feel like
you know if I show you guys everything
then it's like when I wear it like
nobody's going to think it's special
because everybody's seen it and I feel
the same way with my sneakers like I
showed you guys all my pickups so when
it comes to sneaker con like everybody
already knows that I have so there's no
like oh my God he's rained it they're
just like oh yeah he's wearing those so
I'm gonna try to keep some sneaker pick
up slope seed for this one I might just
show to you guys just as I went out and
bought it with you guys watching so I
didn't even know what this brand was and
so he showed me his jacket okay so this
is just the front you got that 3m stripe
off white stripes on this side and in
the back you've got that X that the
off-white is known for it's just got
like all these big-ass off white tags
the most expensive piece of clothing
I've ever bought and I rather not say
the price you know what I'm saying but
you guys are probably going to do your
research so it is what it is I'm about
to head out of my room my dad just got
here my cousins are here my uncles are
here I'm going to leave my camera here
just because like I'm not going to be
like doing any sneaker stuff I don't
want to carry this camera around I don't
put like my family really in the vlogs
like that so I'm going to leave this
here if there is something worth
vlogging I have my phone with me so I'll
be sure to capture it in case there's
like a Vegas fights fight on the street
or something probably when I snap my
fingers it will be like six hours from
now so and I'm here
this is it there we go
