why don't you sell like I am Ryan I
usually don't start these out by doing
unboxings but I thought I would do
something different today so here we go
what's in the box I got these from fine
line I've gotten a few packages before
from fine line I will link his Instagram
and his website down below he usually
gets Jordans early so if you're looking
to pick up any Jordans ahead of release
dates and/or even after release date you
can't get them because they sell out
link is in the description box if you
want to check them out but these are a
pair of Jordans that come out very soon
I believe yeah let's go ahead and get
into it
wow that is a strong smell the pure
money Jordan fours look at my downtown
oh it's so dumb this is probably the
cleanest and most simple colorway of the
Jordan 4 I was not planning on picking
these up but shout out the fine line so
I got them and I'm planning on keeping
them because this is definitely a great
summer shoe one thing I do want to say
most importantly which is something that
people always want to know about when it
comes to rear elisa's of sneakers is is
it as good quality as the original the
new version is probably not going to be
as good of quality as the past version
but now that I have them in hand this is
really really plush like this is good
leather right there this area right here
is not bad as well it's probably not as
soft as right here because it's
obviously stitched and then it's gluten
to the midsole the leather up here is
pretty stiff it's not as good I hate
when they make the shoe like only parts
of it really nice leather and then the
rest of the shoe is like a very stiff
leather the back they didn't add a nike
air because the old ones had to jump in
as well so i've not mad at that stitched
on the inside soft liner is just like a
silk material so that's kind of
comfortable they smell good though here
money in Jordan force
wait a minute
I need it there we go much better that
lay is filled with tons of art
everywhere you go every corner every
street there's street art but I promise
you that right there that building right
there next to the last king that city
project that's going to have one of the
dopest Street arts you guys are going to
see maybe a week or two and you guys
will see what it is I know what it is
because I've seen the final image and I
know who's making it so yeah Farooq's
got a creative mind guys my drone isn't
working I don't know what the hell's
wrong with it it says gimble malfunction
or something so it was all shaky so
there will be no drone shot today
Oh God no God please no no I don't know
we're doing but let's go big something
yeah that's what I was trying to drone
the bin Laden painted yesterday they're
putting it up yesterday let's go look at
it I guess you know how to ride a bike
no the hell are you have a motorcycle
well that was what I was going to drone
right now but
get the girl to work Shawn down on
Melrose look at my angel wing fellow
told you they got the street art here
all right we're done being basic la
let's go if I went these I'll get a boy
and you're gonna hear it he is not like
us $60
spotted the vape rolls-royce again I'm
telling you guys everywhere you go in
Los Angeles there's a heart like even
the card
I think I got that I get around to right
now and they have the old version so I'm
going to do a quick comparison in their
store the soft liner is different this
one's like silk this one was like a
cotton thick leather up here that I was
talking about it being harder as wave
blusher on the old pair other than that
way better leather on the old pair well
not way better but it's more like
everything instead of just parts of it
it's better leather gotta work on
comprise the exam is something
listen create them something spam noise
he couldn't be in British and I want
water
crew TV with a cue yeah check it out
yeah I'm gonna head home so by to these
guys I'll see you in the beige paper I
will see you tomorrow maybe because I'm
just so do you tonight if you're not
coming tonight and I'll see in the back
are you gonna go studios are you going
to let's go yeah
that's the focus to your doctor delay
should we go to the studio tonight find
out stay tuned
you
know what's going on today nothing going
on today what am I going to do say and I
still don't know and it's almost 6 p.m.
my rest of the day consists of means is
going home taking care of a few things
that I need to design and come up with
for future sneaker con I'm super cropped
out about my drone not working we're
going to head home for the rest of the
day it has been a beautiful day out here
but it's just like not everyday it's
super crazy you know let's go home
earlier I did pass through Fairfax just
to get to Melrose and every single time
I pass there there there is a line at
supreme and I'm always wondering what
the hell are they dropping now like
literally every single day I go over
there and then I ask my friend and
basically he told me that sometimes they
don't even know what they are camping
for they just know that there's going to
be a supreme drop so they camp out a few
days before looking to cop whatever the
hell it is so these people are such
diehard supreme fans that they'd fans
that they don't even know what the hell
McKay done work fast that they don't
even know what they're waiting for days
waiting days for I'm not a supreme guy
like I'll buy things here and there when
I like them you know I'm not I don't
think there's anything wrong with that I
don't think you need to be a die-hard
supreme head to buy something even here
and there
but it the culture and how people love
it so much is so interesting to me and
I've been getting more interested into
finding out why people are so into it I
did actually I kind of a hypocrite
because yesterday I actually did buy a
supreme jacket from Mac Park and I'll
show you guys that now but you guys will
see why I bought it it's just crazy to
me supreme let's go look at all the
supreme stuff I own right now kind of
like the supreme collection video that's
not that big it's primarily
I don't even know I got to go look at my
house to see what I got
my supreme stuff like I said my supreme
collection is not big at all I'm not a
supreme head whatever you call it but
anyway I wanted to share it with you
guys because I know a lot of you guys
are interested in this type of stuff you
guys love my babe collection so it's
only right that I do a supreme
collection and the person who gave me
the idea
jaesi like I said last time so make sure
you guys check out his channel and his
supreme collection video I believe he
did one I haven't watched it but I'll
link it down below if you're interested
in that but anyway my voice might be a
little bit echoey in my balcony but I
wanted to film here because it's so nice
outside
you feel me like I said I didn't acquire
a new piece and I got it from Mac Park
we'll save this for last first things
first we got the supreme noodle bowl
right here this one was pretty
interesting and I got this from round
two at the gallery I bought a few things
and I had like 50 bucks extra cash and I
asked Shawn like we all what can I get
for 50 bucks and he said hey you could
get this and I was like all right I'll
take it
of course the supreme cash cannon I
don't want to shoot it because I'm Emma
balcony but I'll try to get a dollar out
that was a few dollars the New York City
Supreme MetroCard yes I have one of
these and I keep them I will eventually
use this when I go to New York City
Supreme volleyball this one was given to
fire cakes at a pap sneaker con and
since I just moved into my apartment he
gave me this as a housewarming gift so
thank you fire cakes for this I'm sure
you guys remember me copying this a few
weeks ago this is like a supreme
windbreaker it's like an orange
checkered print and then on the sleeve
it's a supreme in that green forest
green on the sleeve very nice very dull
very simple I got it from Mac Park for
resale price inside tag size large but
this is good for those summer chilly
nights you know what I'm saying
camping table right here I leave this in
my backyard so whenever I'm out here and
I want to use it it's like super dusty
you can see that supreme patch right
there I got this one from Valley Fair
Mall at the store damn I forgot what the
store is called sorry to that story they
gave me this so shout out to them it's
got the cups I don't have the chairs I'm
not really interested in picking up the
chairs supreme jordans you know I had to
get these
Kamel a desert camel there was three
colorways that did come out I have the
camel version right here which is my
favorite you got the 94 on the side
instead of the two three or the four or
five I love that it has the jordan
supreme hangtag I think that's a very
very good touch I believe I would used
to sneaker con Los Angeles last year for
one of the days I really like this
colorway and I really like the white
colorway so as you can see I have two of
the three I'm not a fan of the black one
I don't plan on ever getting the black
one to like the leather should have been
a little bit nicer on here but it's
going to sell regardless because it has
that right there these two were
definitely must cops oh yeah this is
what the money looks like inside the
cash cannon if anybody was wondering so
we showed you the shoes right but this
is the most recent supreme pickup we got
the white supreme jordan jacket right
here I'm not sure what this is exactly
called had to pick this off I saw that
they had it at Mac parks I told Mickey
like yo I need that it's nothing really
crazy honestly but it gets really really
simple but it's kind of like a doctor's
jacket like I'm gonna go to the hospital
and they won't even know that I'm not
really a doctor so that's it that wraps
up my supreme collection yeah that's it
I just ordered subway at 1:00 a.m. no
saying postmates is the goat I got my
drone working my magic right here my
drone this thing is good to go the only
the problem was a gig in blur but
there's like a piece that was whole
there was supposed to be holding the
inside of it and it was off of that so I
had to redo it and I was thinking like a
lot of people always ask me what camera
I use were drone I might have some oil
over me camera I use what drones do I
use what lens doyou use and I thought it
would be cool to give you guys that
information and I'm not going to sit
here and list every single item from now
on if you guys ever want to know what
I'm using in my videos all you have to
do is go in the description box down
below and I put a list of everything I
use from the lens to the camera to the
microphone we are basically it's all in
the description box down below if any of
you guys want to order it I don't know
why my hands are like this I'll see you
guys later
I should probably get some sleep too
