as if la traffic wasn't bad enough they
got half of the streets closed today for
a parade what is this sense
so I just left a meeting right now in
Culver City it went very very well as
always everything is top secret so I
can't say who or what company the
meeting was with just know we had a
great Monday meeting also had a meeting
earlier today on the phone with a huge
weaker company so that went well -
Monday vibes you know what I'm saying
Monday 5 Monday is like the most
dreadful day of the week to people but
for me it's the day that decides whether
your week is going to be good or bad you
know you can set up the rest of your
week to be productive or you can be lazy
on Monday and continue to be lazy for
the rest of the week now I'm going to
head to El Segundo to Austin's house
then we're going to go like bike ride
and boost it will not boosted board
here's like a bootleg boosted board or
something like that we're going to go to
the beach for a little bit and I've got
some filming tonight so a whole bunch of
things going on I like I had something
else to say I can't remember
I would ride your bike with a skateboard
go down to the beach a long will that
take you things because I have to be
back to my crib I stick
here's a buck chase let's just think
ma'am
Frank's doing good but I came over to on
my own oh really okay yeah we should
have done it today
anything old fly cuz they're so close to
LA okay so there's two there's two
options we can go so we're going to go
on a little bike ride and show them the
board because this is not a boosted
board but it does the same exact thing
cheaper price okay then go backwards oh
yeah it doesn't know about it no goose
it goes backwards that's the thing one
of us is going to buy one of us is going
to boost them we're going to go try to
go to the beach
so if you guys don't know El Segundo is
the city that is right next to Elliot
literally that's LAX right here one of
the most popular airport in the entire
world careful drones around here or else
I'd be fly my drone right now we're half
way to the beach
half way yeah all right homeless at the
beach we're good on time what did we do
at four point five mile radius okay yeah
I think Oldman it pays for four months
you ready for the bay area G 429 V there
Victor gonna be crazy laughs it is just
safe and no one safe in that house we
have a house for everybody we're all
going to be staying that throughout the
weekend what should we name the house
it's going to be like the station that
we go to doctor like name the house yeah
it's gonna be epic and I'm going to
bring a different perspective for you
guys at this sneaker con because usually
a sneaker Collins and follow me first
person while yeah yeah yeah but this
time is going to be a little bit
different so you guys will see and I
hope to make it very epic for you guys
you
you
all right guys Mike get on the beach
this feels really good I was boosting it
most of the time but I've been trying it
out now feels good man even though we
live in LA we don't come appreciate the
beach that much and feels fun it's
really fun to do this it just sucks
because El Segundo fills up like our
plant plants and stuff like that but
you've got this beautiful beach right
here on one side then you got like toxic
organs and and BIA done all that stuff
on that side so there's Austin down to
it just like everything in life ah me
and I had by the start a skating slash
biking game
my god
hey what's up guys what's you guys
Instagram shout it out I guess they
didn't want to get a tag hi guys so we
got to get out of here
tired we got a bike Thomas house and
then I got to go I'm gonna get stuck in
traffic I'm already behind on my time
but it's okay so I'll see you guys in
the next shot oh all right guys check
this now this is my old apartment
complex as you guys remember tower 40
anyway my old roommate texted me and
told me that there was a package that
was delivered here for me sometimes some
of these sneaker companies they do send
me stuff and they don't really tell me
so but it just showed up here so I don't
know who is from or what it is or if I'm
even gonna unbox it in this video I
might save it for crew cakes I don't
know yet but I'm gonna go get the
package but let's just say fond memories
from the coldest winter all right
package ended up being from Champs
Sports they haven't sent me anything in
a while so I'm excited for these but I
cannot stay and open it right now I
don't know if I'm going to open it in
this vlog we do not know anything and
I've got to go because I'm late to go
film lights off just go to Burbank
almost forgot to charge box oh and the
light in so we just spend the second
episode of the new show for crew cakes
and our special guest today with the
beautiful hair what it do what it do hey
boy hey boy hey are you doing are you
doing pop happening here Ricky possum we
need to have it was the second coat I
know
oh my god that's so great yeah so we
just film with Jacque and what cost is
here and we got another guest you guys
have never seen him before was good
family
no no soon-to-be finger I said that cuz
he went to a record label of meeting
today and they said they want him to be
a singer but he's really a rapper well
now I know what Rick had to go through
what's also could be the next Jake we
haven't renew I heard about that
okay I'm back no I'm not I'm not um you
could call and Barry I need to buy my
tickets but you guys should buy yours
too then promo level
the use of asturias used to be a studio
yes you know that making Wow thank you
so much sir thank you right that evening
around none you gotta be pissed all
right guys how many guys you heard it
for yourself yeah I thought everybody
yeah I can't eat that so let me tell you
guys what happen basically Jacque has
this fitting right here
craziest concept for speakers ever this
is a Pizza Hut box and execute right a
Pizza Hut box I'm sure you got that
penis before but these shoes right here
continue though struggling these are
called the pie tops
while we were filming our episode of the
show the crew table he pressed that
tongue right there and when you press
that tongue it orders a pizza they
brought the pizza how many times have
you done how many times have you ordered
a pizza three times three times God if I
had this it would probably be at like a
hundred like Loki Pizza Hut fam I didn't
get the call worth where's my where's my
shoes that I would use this more than
anybody in the world you missed out man
it uses bluetooth like there's a
Bluetooth button or something in here
and you press the button we're not just
yeah when you said it may come you have
to set it up how you want it like you
can press one so you can press a long
time or you can double press I said it's
a double press and it just goes loose
into your phone and it's based on
whatever default pizza you like and then
order that pizza for you it's like okay
you're here I guess like I didn't happen
so the idea suppose like
