oh my god guys I just brought what a
coincidence right now we just got out of
the Hoover okay and what are the
freaking chances of this happening I get
an email
the bailiffs all know already they've
meant jacket the jacket home we bought
it to hold up it's not my sake I don't
pretend to notice this is so clean
factor this is actually yeah I know bro
alright guys so we are on a mission
today we're on Melrose obviously but
we're not just here for no purpose today
the Levi Jordan force came out I'm
trying to find my size round two didn't
have my size now we got to go to cool
cakes and then a few other scores Mac
Park doesn't have it I've already talked
to my people or a Mac park they don't
have them yet I really really want them
they look so freakin sick and we're just
gonna go hunting man everybody eats
Network we're good now we're can only
and I'm not your size yet bro
right now we we just hope the twelve
only all right so we on a mission to
find the Levi's but I've been looking
for these men I've been hesitant to buy
them but I really want them man we're
gonna go to Fairfax now there's two
stores over there obviously flight clubs
one of them what's the jack you haven't
seen a jacket the jacket is the denim
one and it's got like red detailing on
the side and it reverses to black
alright guys hold on hold on hold on so
wrong Melrose right now and I always
pass this store right here it's called
nine five
it's a glasses company and they actually
hit me up and they invited me to stop by
and check out some of their glasses just
say you're pointing some new glasses
it might be when I'm talking buddy
nine-to-five genius
alright so we're just gonna look through
some of the stuff they have I've
actually stopped in here before they
actually have some dope-ass frames what
were the ones that we saw last time was
it this yeah those can you say you look
like Jake oh yeah yeah yeah no this is
the Jake
is it the Jacob star for sure once I've
got someone to be unboxing some screams
just got that like Big Sean Sean John
Bob knows mixtape coming soon I have to
cop a chain ourselves a go-to mixtape
coming soon chapter nine five and stop
by here if you ever all Melrose
we're on Fairfax now we're actually
gonna go film one of the scenes for the
skit you guys saw yesterday shout out to
everybody who watched that skit
something a little bit different I want
to do more skits for the channel
Instagram be like so basically guys we
are taking a Nell I could not find the
Levi's in my size I don't know what it
is man maybe it's not meant to be but no
I don't know this guy can't get him
today I'm gonna still hunt for them
hopefully I can get them soon it's a
shoe that I really really want I love
the concept behind them and sooner than
later I'll be doing that review for you
guys don't even trip
oh my god guys I just brought what a
coincidence right now we just got out of
the Hoover okay and what are the
freaking chances of this happening I get
an email from Jordan Brand I get a
freaking email from Jordan Brand right
now
they sent me a tracking number and they
said enjoy and they kind of gave me a
hint of what I'm receiving and I did not
even expect this like literally it goes
perfect with today's story you know time
you know what time I'm so excited it's
crazy got the Iman he was tripping out
he's like I was tripping in the car like
no freaking way oh my god guys roll the
freaking intro rule it what's in the box
okay so I got my Jordan towel because
you know it might get a little hot in
here you know might get a little sweaty
with these lights and with the fire in
this box right here I just want to say I
am super super grateful for the fact
that I even get these types of
opportunities and a huge huge thank you
to Jordan Brand shoutout to the jump man
Thank You Jordan Brand for continuing to
you know show me love throughout the
past year and now 2018 and I'm very very
excited to be working with them this
year and you know bringing you guys know
content around Jordan products and
events and all the dope stuff that
they've got going on this year it's just
I'm very excited I'm excited to be
covering Jordan Brand in general in 2018
as well as you know they're gonna be
killing it for all-star weekend next
month and it's in LA so your boys gonna
be going to a few things you know I'm
saying I'm not gonna talk too soon but
let's just say it's gonna be crazy I
know you don't want to see what's in
this box I want to see what's in this
box I will say that this box it's a
little bit shorter than usual so I don't
think there's actually a shoe box in
here so it's heavy it feels like there's
a shoe in here
like the way there's something moving in
there it's definitely something heavy so
it's probably a pair of shoes I don't
know it could really be anything I'm
opening it so gently because I don't
know if there's a box in there so if
there's not a box I don't want to cut
the shoes or clothes or whatever's in
all there is a box oh my god there is a
boss oh my god oh yes I have been
blessed oh my god Jordan Brand you did
not have to do this I want to thank you
guys so much well let's open this up cuz
it might not even be in here maybe
they're just pranking me I don't know
Jordan and Levi's are together again
fusing the signature Air Jordan style
with Levi's premium denim as you guys
can see that car right there just adds
to the detailing of this shoe Wow
smells like a brand new pair of denim
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the Air Jordan for Levi's collaboration
now this is not the first time that
Levi's and Jordan Brand have collab they
have done a box set with the Air Jordan
ones now the original ones were cool
they came with the pair of jeans but I
really really like the way that they
executed this one as you guys can see
you've got a blue upper which is a raw
denim
you've got the jump man on the back I
honestly you know when it comes to
Jordan fours and threes like we complain
we want the Nike Air I'm fine with the
jump man being right there it looks
beautiful on the tongue you've got a
patch which is obviously the Jordan 4
patch but they made it look like the
back of a tag on a denim which is super
clean it has your shoe size upside down
on there as well as the AJ 4 with the
Levi's tag which is pretty cool when you
touch this it actually feels like you
can rip this off like this feels like
paper but it's actually not it's a
little thicker obviously you've got the
hang tag that all the Jordan fours come
with you have the Levi's logo and then
on the other side we've got the Jumpman
logo with the flight one thing I love
about this shoe is the midsole the
midsole is denim as well and it just
looks so sick with the distressed look
around the air bubble like that is so
dope to me the bottom of the shoe is
super super sexy as well you've got a
white gum bottom and red outsole so
you've got multiple colors on there I
love
the gum bottom on the toe I think that
looks super super sick and the other
cool thing about this is that the insole
is actually denim - so this whole shoe
is pretty much all around denim from the
outside to the tongue to the midsole to
the insole like this whole shoe is denim
which is so so sick so for those of you
guys who are wondering these shoes yes
they did drop they were available
through select retailers I'm really
really hoping that Jordan Brand and
Levi's do do more collabs
I think they should stick to the Jordan
4 I don't really want to see it on any
other models at the moment there's a
rumors of different colorways that will
be coming out later this year but
honestly I wouldn't believe anything
until it comes from the direct source
which is Jordan Brand again I got to
give a huge thank you to Jordan Brand
for sending me these and blessing me and
it's just crazy how this whole vlog was
like one long story or a short story of
me being on the hunt for these and then
they end up coming to my door subscribe
to the channel because I'm gonna be
covering all the Jordans that come out
this year and going to dope events and
working with Jordan Brand this year is
going to be very very exciting so yes
I'm gonna probably throw these on my
feet as soon as possible and now we will
switch it back to you guys right now
alright guys so we just left max field
and it was actually a very successful
trip they had the shirt I wanted I got
two pickups I'll show you guys that when
I get home but very successful shopping
day you'd always call via news about you
the most energy Persian Oaks mercy we
walk outside it's a beautiful day today
I did not say that Oh didn't I say that
it's so beautiful what is it beautiful
there you gotta appreciate your
surroundings
if you leave it late then you'll be like
god I miss the LA weather we got people
on the East Coast likes shovelling
there's no we gotta appreciate this man
check this on my east but my Eastside
crew chat to my Eastside crew man I see
y'all struggling but it's all good man
just come to California anyway guys we
are actually gonna go grab some subway
that's right subway not know fat food
we're gonna go get some healthy food and
there's always gonna be someone in the
comments saying no subway it's not even
healthy brown it's healthier than I
would usually eat are you guys so we are
back at the crib right now don't mind my
hair cuz you know I'm saying I have to
band it up we going to the gym you're
ready for this doctor baby did this boy
chubby anybody give free you know they
thought it was they thought it was a
joke finish man cured he lost how many
pounds you lost three pounds let's just
say I'm saying yeah okay slide work what
he thinks my limit cause I don't really
this weight so I'm thinking right here
for some curls right stop no broadleaves
new 2020 at least maybe 2500 white
and with mechanics time alright guys so
Jim session was lit right get them Bob's
right now it's time to rest and edit
we're gonna end the vlog here again huge
shout out to Jordan Brand man and shout
out to Jordan ban for sending me the
package and unboxing it as I'm filming
this I don't know what it is yet but
hopefully it was what I thought it was
so we'll see ya imagine this whole vlog
gonna go up right like I technically
can't bro yeah man maybe it's a prank
Jordan Bren praying to me big mate we're
gonna get ready for bed sneaky con no
more chubby game just know that's a kid
come back a few come back see I don't
know why but Chris is taking the ripped
up flat reseller alright guys thank you
guys for watching if you are new here
for some reason click that subscribe
button we are on the road to 1 million
followers I mean 1 million subscribers
and when we reach 1 million subscribers
I've given away 10 pairs of sneakers you
found me I'm a fashionista broke his
heart
hi
