mr. great timeless thank you for today
I didn't know
Oh
I did I drove from Melrose all the way
to my apartment and then I realized or
he drove and I was flying the drone and
then I feel like I wasn't recording so
we're in Orange County today we are
spending the day out here oh we're going
to go to Costa Mesa mall and then we're
going to go to Irvine Spectrum I'm going
to try not to buy anything any sneakers
but we'll see everybody was flaming
outfit for life upside down
Oh
Oh
so they took the most classic adidas and
put in it I'm going to try this on see
how I like them I have these back in
elementary school put here come through
okay so yesterday I actually went to go
play basketball one-on-one with Lake
Linder he called me out about to go to
Irvine Spectrum right now do a little
bit of shopping and let's see if I take
the hello to W oh yeah I gotta show you
so he was shooting around and earlier
he's trying to make a video playing
basketball in Air Mags so he was
shooting around Indies earlier he's not
playing in these girls out of broke his
ankles but basketball here max is
$10,000 aromatics of a sudden alright
how about we did this alright you want
to raise the stakes if you beat me I'll
put you on the main roster for Chicago
yeah feel that we don't know how much
playing time he's going to give but
you'll be on the superstorm I'm a junior
no he still will be on that job but
we'll put him on the roster for like you
know just to be there so now he's going
to play extra hard on me and I want to
lose him streak
yeah cuz Mickey be me one-on-one fruity
me one I want to catch nasty be me
one-on-one yeah that's crazy
is Blake going to be added to the hoops
classic roster we find out right now
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Terry
all right they're taking a water break
right now 1010 I told you know to take
it in and Pompey because experience
always beat the young gun experience
with some young guns let's get
Oh guys I lost I couldn't do it
he's way too tall like every bucket was
off of us he's so tall I kid like not
even like his arm I can't do well I used
to kill now iqc cheeks walks me every
time I play I know I'm already gonna get
flamed in the comments section I've lost
four games in a row I don't deserve to
play I don't deserve to play anymore
I lost a beef sneak Baruch Mickey cash
nasty yeah I got a chain hard for
Chicago man I won't even be mad at the
roasts comments on this I deserve it but
he was good house good game know those
good you're gonna put the mag so we
could get more views
alright guys so we are at Irvine
Spectrum we just had some I - I finished
my ice cream she's having your ice cream
right now Sunday this cheat day you know
I don't have a really strict diet I just
try to watch that I eat and actually
been cavemen helping both sigh like a
compost is like I'm craving something
sweet I saw old donno young comes on in
like literally look biggest smiles
I think I deserved it a lot of people
make fun of what I've been wearing but
I've just been wearing I've just been
wearing shorts and like a hoodie to ride
my bike like I want to be comfortable
I'm not going to wear jeans and like a
freaking fear about her you know you're
like right boring I don't lay King okay
that's good enough to the gym cam okay I
don't wear that to ride my bike but I
think it's just like I just want to be
comfortable when I ride my bike so so
everybody's hating on me I don't care
shut up the bowl
Oh
we'll ride to end the day beautiful day
a beautiful sunset
but sick
we're going to go eat after this and for
you guys we've got a little bit of news
so it's time for some Q n n ladies and
gentlemen can I please have your
attention
oh good afternoon everyone we are
starting today's program with some
breaking news coming out from Santa
Clara California where sneaker Con April
29th Santa Clara Convention Center the
dream crew is bringing their whole squad
in the Bay Area and they will be there
all day at the CREP protect booth shout
out to creme protectors as the sponsor
of CNN I mean Q&N put this in your shoe
make them smell great again so as you
get into know every sneaker con I like
to create some exclusive merch for that
city the Bay Area is going to get the
biggest drop of exclusive mercy and the
reason for that is because we cancelled
the Bay Area show on the tour last year
and they deserve some of the hottest
most exclusive merchandise you will ever
see that's it with the Bay Area merch
we've got some of the hottest prop pop
hot pockets okay moving on to our next
story as you guys know crew cakes has
been very very but don't worry because
we've been plotting we've been scheming
and why am I looking over there as you
guys know last week we filmed the first
episode of a new podcast type of show
that we are making first episode is
going up this Friday on crew kick and
the name of the shoot is called the show
not the shoe the name of the show is
called crew table all right cue SPN
taking over now we've got to give you
guys another update on the Chicago hoops
classic June 3rd and 4th as you guys
know last week we announced that paratus
has been added to the roster B dot we
have them on the line right now to make
sure that he can confirm that he is
playing since you guys did get 40,000
thumbs up VDOT can you hear me VDOT
if there was a fake number DM the
account that has to be checked next to
it update on another two players that
have been added to the sneaker con hoops
classic now these two guys did play in
the first sneaker con hoops classic
unfortunately they took an L we got the
W they are coming back for redemption we
are adding to the Chicago significant
groups classic two of the best ballers
in the YouTube sneaker community
genius that is right kick genius it's
coming for redemption will they be on
the same team as me will they be on the
opposite team of me we don't know yet
but we know that they are in the roster
making it genius for wadis Lakeland or
myself and maybe be da so we do have B
dot on the line we got his number B dot
can you hear me but that's it for
today's edition of qnn thank you guys
for joining me again crepper attacked
the best sneaker product in the game
when I asked you to get his number just
get this number
we're still on all right so first thing
as you guys know I'm using a new camera
the same camera I've been using but like
the settings are all like messed up let
me know if today's audio was good or
yesterday's audios good because
yesterday's audio was a little lower
thing second thing this is a huge week
like this is a very huge week to me
maybe it's not a big deal to everybody
else but to me this is a very very big
deal it's been a minute since the entire
crew has been together like the last
time of sneaker con New York and even
then like Harris wasn't there at this
time everyone's going to be together
this weekend for sneaker con it's going
to be you know we're going to make so
many memories and I'm just so so excited
for it you know sneaker con itself it's
home it's the Bay Area last year I
forgot what Cydia was but I stood on top
of the crepper tech cleaning chair and I
just looked and I just looked at
everything going on at sneaker con like
for like two three four or five seconds
whatever there was I just looked and I
said I love this I love this culture I
love like that I have this opportunity I
love the people that support me and I
love just being there it was a feeling
that I hadn't felt and so freaking long
it's just I can't even describe it it
and the fact that it's just back home is
just going to be amazing so to anybody
who's coming out to sneak a con Bay area
this one's going to be extra special and
on top of that man I'm just really
excited for this week like we're like
you heard in the news cats who are
starting a new series on crude cakes
we've got a bunch of things I don't want
to film a bunch of things I want to work
on I'm not
thinking about things in the moment I'm
thinking about the future you know I'm
thinking about outside of YouTube how
can I go grow and continue to do dope
dope that's all I gotta say hopefully
then talk too much it's going to be a
very long night tonight but every long
night has always been worth it at the
end when you get to that finish line and
when you do get to that finish line we
keep running because there is no finish
line all right too much I'm not again
