the supreme money gun the cash cannon is
what they call it this was part of the
most recent supreme drop and it is just
a gun that dispenses money shoots it at
you and there it is the cash Canyon this
has to be the dopest and stupidest thing
that Supreme has ever released
there could be thousand dollar bills
that it comes with so when I saw this I
immediately thought what can I do with
this let's put some real money in here
and go shoot people somebody's getting
paid today I'm not going to clean all
this alright guys so our first stop is
going to be Fairfax we're going to go to
the Mac Park Hall of Fame pop up the
longest pop up in history I think in
like a year to half shout out to Mickey
but we're going to go because people are
going to be probably it's Saturday the
key message there we're gonna put the
fives in there and chew them out for
people that want to play the keymaster
then you're awesome it does mean you
guys can finally see his face now a
little it up getting gay
as you want to Fairfax and Fairfax was
so dead like it was not cracking so
we're on Melrose now because Melrose is
I feel like Melrose is way busier
apologies Micky we tried to go do it at
the keymaster but unfortunately it
wasn't the move you know still the best
keymaster in LA but yeah
you just agreed
Oh
Oh
you want some money
Oh
shout out to my man you just gave me
some Calabasas talk yeah how much money
be good
Honda 333 on what you get yeah like I
already see Saudis I got like 26 26 how
much my god guys that was successful so
far we still got half of the money left
and people they were going crazy they
were like running on the street traffic
stop stopping traffic
a guy put stopped his car and he started
reaching his hand out the window trying
to grab money - we don't bless some
people with some extra dollars I think
we only have dollars left so hey Fargo
is a fish yeah put all the fuzz on that
first one put your heads up pig
I just copies of the new flight clips
all the sudden oh you know not only lost
quickly not round the middle yeah in
serenity of setups all my friends in the
face I see you a sneaker con yeah you
could come by air your April 20 nice
gadget says keep it all right thank you
we're going to bless the round - crowd
one more time
a p.m. so human ATM there's a five years
other smartest thing it's so stable I
felt something in my peripheral camera
or one that I just bless you guys is
lined with eggs really dollars in five
think you know maybe three hundred
dollars today on those so today are you
loving it yeah though man we stopped
traffic it's so cyclic alright guys so
that's all the money we finished it off
at round two now it's time to look
around because you know they might have
some steals in here one morning I know
we have a few 4-year old shops but other
than that we gave away all the money
we'll give that after hey I need a
shout-out to laces so Liz I'm trying to
see what's better all white or the wraps
you know what I'm saying I would say
someone's coming up I go with the all
wife but then these are we releasing
next month
but you know how Jordan Brand girls are
quality yeah that's another thing so we
go where oh geez get in the comment box
I would I would say the force I was in
of course if you want to be safe with
the quality because I think the quality
is going to be better on this one
because people are going to buy it
because it's this but he already will be
how fast this is what happened with two
people has unexpectedly I was afraid to
say what's up Sam but kind is open and
so am I so that makes me feel better
yeah absolutely and I thank you for
watching me yeah yeah alright guys we
are out of money it was a success though
a lot of people got some dollars
hopefully we made some days brighter
I don't know hopefully people enjoyed it
if you guys want us to bring it to your
city and give you guys some money click
the thumbs up and vote yeah yeah
whatever
all of a sudden Oh
also got three top discos right here
from San Francisco all you got to do is
find a red ball the first one point to
it the first one winds out of here here
and there being to his turn where did it
go
point to it simcha getting to the middle
note goes if I want to turn it over he
got it but that was my Salah shot now
the first person kids my face shot right
here guys you want a whole 100 bucks on
the spot only for that red ball just
like I said watch the red ball go for
when you got door one got door to door
three where it goes now here here yeah I
turn it a little faster point now he
pointed first he beat everybody so I got
to pay him first
which is on camera guy know what you
have to show me that you have behind it
not as to win my honey
I can't pay you if you're broken I don't
have a hundred oh he doesn't have a
hundred who you want it there yeah sorry
you gotta hurt my wallets in the car I
have it I have what if in the car
alright guys so we just filmed a quick
little video of Blake's collection but
not just his sneakers like everything
from his little bear breaks the ones I
need those that's a different collection
to his new not off myth but his base
couch the babe couch offers his room has
differently definitely changed over the
last few months is crazy I like it yeah
pretty dope there's one shoe there's two
shoes that he has that I need one of
them the Calabasas
Kanye adidas aka the Reeboks these are
freaking crazy the other qualities crazy
on here unboxing coming soon when I get
them somehow some way and then these
right here I've been on a hunt for these
babe nmds somebody did you guys see that
post I'd sent I tweeted out somebody
emailed me and they said they found
vapor and I'm DS for me
what's that way yeah it was the fakest
thing Ebony's like these are a hundred
percent real bro
like he was defending himself before I
had even replied if you feel like you
won't do less than seven hundred almost
mean like yeah I said won't do less than
seven hundred but I'm willing to talk
like what does that mean these are the
bear picks these are the ones I came out
before the ones that I have in my
kitchen but I want to get all of them so
let's just you want to eat those too
yeah I want to get these ones too but
have them somewhere else in the
apartment she think of the couch it's
nice high beef but when he goes for
comfort level it's not comfortable but
like you said for his Ferrari is not
comfortable either so you know life a
lie piece then the most expensive things
aren't comfortable you know that even
designer shoes are more expensive than
any die early next weekend while we go
out i'ma go sit in the friary right now
so I'll let you guys know if it's
comfortable the door was open a check
all right how about we do this all right
you want to raise the stake if you beat
me I'll put you on the main roster for
Chicago the deals are
