all of a sudden you'd like that later
the band la baby's be like where you
were born in the bed
and I want to show you how you all look
like beautiful star today
you know trying to come up with a new
idea for every episode is it easy and
and I'm always thinking of new ways to
create content so I might you know kind
of slow it down on buying things because
I feel like sometimes I just buy things
to them like hey this would make for
great content but I think it's more
about just showing you guys don't think
and showing you my life's way I don't
need to fake anything you know what I'm
saying I don't need to force anything if
it's there it's there you know I've been
coming up with like things that I can do
for different episodes and things like
that and I know what I'm going to do for
tomorrow's episode something that I'm
really really excited about and you guys
will see what I'm talking about today
what kind of is going with the flow
enjoying this beautiful Friday in LA
that's been pretty nice Beverly Hills
I brought the spikey backpack back
because I wanted to see how that feels
when I'm riding my bike
first possible thing just happened to me
so I was riding my bike on Fairfax and I
guess I accidentally had my camera in my
hand and I hit this little button right
here on my gorilla pod which releases it
and yet I'm not sure if I have actual
footage but here's a recreation of what
kind of happened but basically I tried
to turn my camera on and it is
completely dead like the battery is in
there I lost this little cap thing right
here but it's not turning on even my
lens is broken so I had to take my
lenses but this kind of came at a worse
time because I've been on the edge of
deciding that I want to upgrade my
camera to Sony or keep Canon and now
today I was like pressured to make a
decision because I need a new camera
obviously because this one's broken the
one that I'm using works but the
headphone jack is messed up so like if I
move so that candid camera I'm using
right now it only works if it's steady
and for a vlogger who's on the move
always it's not going to work I just
went and bought the same camera that has
been working for me I'm not going to
switch something up if I don't need to
it would have been double the price if I
wanted to switch Sony if I wanted to
switch the Sony it would have been 4k so
that means I would have needed to buy a
new laptop I'm going to buy the new
laptop regardless but I mean this has
been so good to me besides the fact that
I break it but as far as creating
content this has been amazing to me so I
didn't want to switch things up just yet
so I'm going to stick with this for a
while at least I didn't really
fall off the bike so I didn't hurt
myself but it was a really big crap out
new body a BB I suck so bad it's like
everything goes perfect perfect like
I've been consistent with the vlog this
whole new episode thing I've been doing
and then BAM riding your bike you drop
it you got to go get into one okay
apparently my upstairs neighbors are
achieving their armpit hairs or some
type of body hair I have not left my
house I've been pretty pretty down I
know I shouldn't let what happened today
affect the rest of my day because it's
just a camera but it was just a sucky
situation and I just nothing really
lifted my spirit as positive as I tried
to be but I know tomorrow it's a new day
and I'm going to bounce back and be okay
so I might be crapped out a little bit
right now but I'll be fine I don't want
to spread spread any negative energy
towards you guys so I'm just gonna you
know open this package of that I got and
that will probably be it for today's
video you guys so hopefully this episode
isn't too short but it might be and
hopefully you guys understand wise let's
go ahead and unbox what we have in here
cue the intro what's in a box this is an
order so I ordered these adidas Capcom
has been super super super super super
slow on shipping stuff I don't know
as you guys know I've been ordering a
lot of stuff from this collection I
ordered the shoe I unbox the shoes last
week the adidas Alexander weighing
collection I'm really scared because I
saw these in person and I saw a medium
and it looked like a large and I got
excels ABS here they're going to look
like double EXO so hopefully they fit so
this is yeah this is definitely the
right side so this is the short-sleeved
t-shirt right here this is what I love
about this super simple it's like an
off-white cream color
the first adidas sign is embroid
is embroidered and it's upside down the
third one is kind of like screen printed
and it's upside down so three different
types on so yeah so that's the t-shirt
now let's get into the hoodies right off
the bat it looks a little big but this
looks wide it just looks really really
wide but because it's not that long in
lane I feel like I can work with it and
you know I had to get the black hoodie
too so I'm going to undo this one but
this is the black hoodie I'm actually
going to go out bring all of them right
now we've got the basketball shoe and
then you've got the boost sneaker which
I don't know if these are called b2
sneakers from the Alexander wedding
adidas collaboration we've got the
maroon long sleeve soccer jersey is one
of the first things I got which is the
track jacket this one I got in an XL I
wish I got it in the large Gorge from
like the soccer collection theme one
they did so it's like a black hole black
stripe originals but it's upside down
we got the maroon shorts this is from
the second collection I believe that is
my what I think is my complete adidas
Alexander Wang collab work hard tonight
edit this vlog grind wake up early crime
more tomorrow that's a great day just as
you had a bad day today doesn't mean
tomorrow's going to be a deaf
you could make it a bad day if you
continued for you could fresh have a
fresh start and have a great day and
have a great weekend and continue to
grind thanks for the advice guys wait
one last thing you guys watching this
