yes
so as you guys can see I'm starting
today's episode very very late which
kind of like ruin my whole day since I
woke up late that meant me driving in LA
half-life 1 or 2 o'clock means that I'm
getting some traffic those in traffic
for a good amount of the day but I also
spent a few hours with my friend Kenny
aka the perfect pair he recently got
into a car accident prayers the Kenny
and his wife wishing them a speedy
recovery great weekend he doing good
going today when he was on the phone for
a little bit that's upstairs check out
I think I could talk a little louder
last time I was here things were pretty
cool you know sneaker room one of the
best I've ever seen but he kind of like
you know injected this sneaker room with
some steroids because now it's all the
way to the ceiling this is the craziest
thing he literally took this room and
turned it upside down like this is
insane okay those are new so those are
kind of empty but like all the way over
here all the way to the top this is like
a sneaker library yeah like my bronze
here Kobe's here oh it's 4/20 so I guess
we'll show those don't do drugs kids use
this one can go all the way to the roof
because the fan is right there for a
wall of Adidas I hear steps move to the
room of course he's got his gems in the
display cases these freakin bad boy
right here yeah this adidas was sick
like tons of Yeezys boost boost boost
boost boost Athena I want to know how he
reaches a hold up look at this my man's
killed me with my crap display if you
got a full-on in-store correct display
not to mention his stance display too
going on over here I think this is
primarily the Jordon area but just
Jordans on Jordan run Jordans in Jordan
Jordan Jordan Jordans and Rolla bronze
and LeBron think I could spend a couple
hours in here this is the craziest
sneaker room I've ever seen this stuff
right here like brah never ever ever
gets old
rumor has it these might release
sometime this year but it will never be
as good as this one this one's crazy
until next time see you
so check this out I always give you guys
update on like sneaker Conde merch
update just updates on my life I want to
make it more official so that people you
know it doesn't go out one year and come
out the other year you know what I'm
saying I'd like to introduce you guys a
way to make it more interesting and have
fun
with updates on me my life and I'm
running out of breath I don't know why
there's only like ten stages that I just
lost a phase and gentlemen I've got some
important information for you ladies and
gentlemen can I please have your
attention our top story comes out of Los
Angeles California where Christ is doing
a giveaway for protect on his Instagram
make sure you guys follow him so you can
win some free crap attack it seems like
Tom's are taken fast because sneaker
conve area is right around the corner
Vica con bay area is not the only
sneaker con in the schedule for kites
coming up in the next few months we've
got the Bay Area on April 29th London
the first ever international sneaker con
on May 27th and in the following weekend
we have the basketball sneaker con hoops
classic in Chicago June 3rd and 4th now
you're probably wondering who's playing
in that fantastic game well in one of
last week's vlogs we got 40,000 thumbs
up to get B dot NBA impersonator to play
B dot is currently the 2017 celebrity
game MVP and now he is required because
of thumbs up on YouTube to be playing in
this year's hoops classic we will get an
update for him soon but I just got
confirmation yes it is correct
q SPN is reporting that they have just
signed to the hoops classic a fellow
youtuber by the name of Brandon aka
Bharati as you guys may remember kai
speed bruh wat it's one on one when they
played in San Diego now is that
affect whether he is crisis opponent or
his teammate I do not know but we are
reaching out to the waters to get an
update on that situation we will we will
soon hope to hear from him so there you
guys have it a little bit of a preview
for this coming
hoops class against New York on Chicago
thank you guys for watching the first
episode of Qi news I hope you guys
enjoyed back to you guys that protect I
don't know if I'm supposed to be all the
way up here and I think I just got past
the security's LACMA from the topping
pretty don't teach this camera here
relax and chill
going downstairs is much easier I'm
above the light so let me take you to
the light I okay so I'm in the lights
now as you guys can see right there I'm
not going to spend too much time here
because I have a package to unbox for
you guys another day another package I
am the unboxing champion so you know
what time it is what's in the box you
know sometimes when I unbox things I
wonder how does the box feel about the
situation at hand I'm going to stick a
GoPro on the boss for today what's in
the box box was point of view definitely
not opening it the traditional way
this sneaker boxing comes to you by
finish line by by a friend it was nice
are you just right there okay I'll be
honest with you guys is no way nicer in
person now I know this is not a new shoe
but to me this is a new shoes like I
didn't even know what this shoe was if
you guys don't know this is Dennis
Rodman sneaker the lacing system is on
the side this whole thing yeah it's like
weird I want to try these on and see how
this feel wow they're actually really
fit pretty comfortably they fit your
foot like a glove I think I could pull
these off to be honest with you like you
don't it bad thank you finish line for
sending me these switching up my case I
kind of approve of these that's my
overall reviewers and it's not a sneaker
that I would have to actually go after
it just think of that we definitely
would catch my eye and after actually
putting them on my feet I appreciate
them way more than just looking at them
if I saw these in the store I would for
sure just look at them and go about
looking at the rest of the sneakers but
actually putting them on I actually like
the vibe of them thank you finish line
from giving me a shoe like this like I
want to receive shoes like this
regardless of whether I would actually
buy them or not because I want to give
my honest opinion you know what I'm
saying some people might be interested
in buying these they really don't know
how they feel about them and
as a sneaker YouTube type of guy I give
you my opinion I'm going to wrap it up
from here that is the end of today's
episode I'm sorry for being super super
short but again I woke up late and I'm
going to try my hardest to not let that
happen again
member
