by
this morning I saw one of the craziest
niggers I've seen in a very very long
time
see a friend of mine he had a pair of
sneakers and these are not mine when I
found out he had them had to go to him
check them out and show you guys because
these shoes are something that they're
ladies and gentlemen we go in Kentucky
blue on these old right watch this clip
guys I am about to show you two of the
craziest Jordan these are not released
have recently just been seen on social
media through the guy whose shoe this is
I'm not sure how many pairs exist but I
know these are very very limited and
they're all sample pairs I don't know if
these are going to ever release ban the
Ohio Jordan eights but this is the
Kentucky blue Holloway as you guys know
Drake is a Kentucky fan so they made a
Jordan eight that wasn't just black and
gold it was black and blue and white
frizam kentucky colors let me see the
white bear I haven't even seen the white
pair yet look at this quality this is
the white pair and this is a black pair
I'm not a fan of white shoes but the
leather on here is just so freakin
insane I wish you guys can see that
quality right there oh my god on the
pull tab right here as you guys can see
you've got that ovo owl the side panel
that the Jordan eight is famous for like
I said that leather quality going
throughout the whole upper of the shoe
on the inside of the straps it says six
years this one is a new book on upper so
there's no leather on here like the
quality on here is insane let me see if
there's anything on the inside strap six
years again the bottom of both of them
are kind of like the bottom on the black
bear more because it has the black right
here with the red logo the size of the
blue at the red freakin insane yeah and
then after that I pretty much just been
chilling for the rest of the day
on Melrose right now but the hit apetito
makes the fuel their stores and they go
back home and watch out Warriors game so
that the two crazy today just another
beautiful day in LA
these crotch shots great huh now I know
what you're thinking Kai's why'd you buy
another pair of speakers you're going to
end up selling in three to four months
these are keepers guys these remind me
of my favorite Easy's which is the
pirate black with that little touch of
red on the back just like that back on
the pirate block the inside is like
brown which is different I guess what I
really wanted to get these I've been
looking from from in my size for a while
now and I literally just asked the guy
if they had them and they had one that
someone just returned a size 10 thank
the sneaker God will think of he does on
Melrose actually
my dues are all from the Philippines
over here all of a sudden got
sneakerheads in the Philippines is that
we need to bring we need to bring
sticker card to the Philippines yeah
well think about it
you're the best blogger in the nation
shout out to me shout out to my mom and
shout out to my head local high beat I
love it
I am at the apartment right now chillin
I've actually been doing a lot this
whole day I went to the gym I don't have
any footage of that but I took this cool
selfie I actually took a dip in the pool
to at night so that felt really good and
I've just been thinking about sneaker
con being in
well this is like kind of weird there's
no label or anything on it it's like
almost midnight I guess we got to find
out what's in the box what's in the box
Loki even tripping out to even open it
what say cup iPad here as I think it has
a message I see their kiosk is Chonga
Lipsky I just intercepted your whole
collab with sample I Andy I finished one
despise the last time you ever see if
you guys want to stop with a quick bait
I'm going to burn every single one of
them what any kids it's going to help
you and your crew that it's over it's
through no more quickly
or I'm going to demonstrate the way I
rhyme bastard me whoa what's up guys if
you didn't know I'm doing a collab
example which is Tony and bullets brand
you guys sounds like a freaking grandpa
well apparently this is this is our
collaborate here I haven't even seen it
in person I don't know why it's an Atari
evacs poor planning on my part
alright well I guess I'll show you guys
this is this is all we have of the
collab to the anonymous guy who you know
stole our collab and sent this message I
want to say thank you for the free iPad
here it is guys this is a this is our
collab so basically if for some reason
we can get back the rest of the stock
these will be available exclusively at
sneaker conv area I've seen mock-ups of
it I've seen pictures of it but I have
not seen it in person for me to
collaborate drink true with sample it's
just to me it's on another level I
remember a few years ago I'm sorry to
get into a story before we look at this
but I remember a few years ago before I
was doing sneaker YouTube videos I saw
Tony and bullet sneaker con New York I
went to sneaker Khan as a fan like
a guy that paid for a ticket to get in I
was in that position and I sold him
there at a booth and I'm like you know I
watched those guys and I was I was kind
of nervous to say what even what's up to
them so for me to be working alongside
them and call them my friends is dope
and it it just shows you that if you
really want something which I really
wanted to I want it to be one of those
sneaker YouTube guys I work hard at it
and now I'm friends with them and we we
make projects together this is something
I'm very very very proud of here we go
guys you ready for this three two one
yeah I'm feeling like you say what you
wanna win you down to fight improves way
when I run through the darkest man it
makes a mat the pole I'm the life
so imma do it I feel bad a mad dog this
day is so freaking dope a windbreaker
this is the sample dream crew collab as
you guys can see from that logo right
there that is inspired by the Warriors
team from my 2002 like 2007 or eight or
whatever right before they switched up
before the OKC Thunder was a thing this
was the real thunder right here his name
was thunder let's go ahead and just talk
about the little details for instance
hatch right here if you saw it's
embroidered this is like this is like
NBA Mitchell and Ness quality like this
is really embroidered right it's a
limited number not for sale 80 of a
hundred so every single jacket is
individually numbered you will not only
have a dope collab but you're going to
have a product that's super super
limited and super special and numbered
so that you know you're one of only a
hundred people who own this special
piece in the world positive right here
got yourself a little front pocket right
here a little pouch pocket on your side
on the side of the jacket it zips up
half way I like to keep it close
and then on this side if you wanted a
little tighter you just pull a string
right here so this jacket is one of two
items that we will be releasing for the
collab we're also doing a t-shirt so
this is how it's going to be done
because I know a lot of people are going
to be asking these are available only at
sneaker Con Bay Area in Santa Clara
California on April 29th 50 of them will
be sold at my booth and 50 of them will
be sold at the sample booth Tony and
bull's boo-boo so if one of us has sold
out you can go to the other one if the
other one is sold out you come to this
one you know what I'm saying but if we
both sell out you missed out I'm so
excited for this that I just want to end
the vlog on a very very high positive
note I did have a few things to say but
it was towards like negative things
going on today but I'm just going to you
know cut that out of my life right now
because I'm just so excited thank you
guys for watching and today's episode is
all done
