so I'm leaving Los Angeles right now
because I mentioned this plenty of times
but it's about an hour and 40 minutes
the almost two hour drive to go to Tina
and today is a day obviously every
Tuesday is a day off so I get to spend
Tuesdays with her and she's going to
take me somewhere that I have been
begging her to take me for so long now
finally I convinced there's going to be
a great day man so thank you for joining
me on today's episode ahead of time
you know wasn't ready
sighs I'm gonna wash a well
you
Oh my sponsor breakfast time guys
healthy breakfast omelet heading it
brightly up Fredonia never conquered
okay I don't know Silas breakfast salad
for breakfast well I look like huge fan
omelette was a1 no steak sauce
a one less the other day in Casey's vlog
homie was rocking a dream cruise Space
Jam hat and then I put it in my vlog and
he actually emailed me those selfie with
Casey to show that it was actually him
emailing me hi guys I'm the kid in
Casey's vlog going to dream crew hat I
haven't met you yet but hopefully I will
soon Casey like the tweet so Casey saw
the tweet so basically he acknowledged
the dream crew which pretty much means
we're like friends collab coming soon at
Casey gophers Elven guys doing Twitter
like he basically like me - so basically
means we're together now our biggest
weekly dinner get married that's just
what I heard from you
collab coming soon
alright guys so we are finally here
let's go take a dub you
oh my god
only world
I beat everybody to boys that's sad I
have some fun been evolving years you've
been really good lord
we got ourselves quite the package here
and I'm not talking about myself you
know what happened is what's in the box
it's like 2:30 a.m. I got home like an
hour ago this was here and I'm excited
to open this for you guys it's another
sneaker unboxing Bowl there's two
sneakers in here I've been digging about
this for a while now and you know what
I'm going to give myself the
championship I'm going to be the
self-proclaimed sneaker unboxing
champion that's right ladies and
gentlemen no one is taking this from me
okay that's it no this is a big box
probably wondering where I got this from
Barnes yet one of my favorite websites
at the moment is sole steals I promoted
them recently when I picked up the frags
and I was browsing through the website
is a website this was on my radar for a
minute and I saw them on Soul stills for
a very great price it's a website where
they have shoes for prices that are just
unheard of in the resale market like
it's lower than anywhere else you'll
find bait for Steel's and like it's just
a crazy website that it's based off of a
membership so you pay monthly for it to
have access to some of these crazy deals
I'm plugging it here because it's such a
great website and this is another
sneaker that I wanted and I finally got
them let's go ahead and see what they
are because the box will probably give
it away size 10 my size let's go ahead
and open these I'm very very excited to
have these men one side you've got
Safari print on then on the other side
you've got elephant print let's
experience this together
BAM we got the Jordan Atmos box set as
you guys know Air Max today was a couple
weeks ago in honor of Air Max day and
this shoe right here the shoe that was
voted for to be re-released after so
many years and they've
a Jordan 3 with it and they put them
together in the box as a sneakerhead
I've been buying shoes for 15 to 20
years now I can't even remember how long
I've never had a pair of air mattress
this is my first pair of air maxes now
that might be a violation of the sneaker
head but I'm sorry I've just never been
into air maxes and the reason why I
wanted these the most is because it's
this duo is just something that's like
wow like they really did that and a lot
of people sleeping on these saying these
are trashed but I think it's dope like
come on when are you ever going to find
in a max that has a jump man on the
bottom a lot of people think the resale
is not that crazy on these but this is
just a fantastic shoe again I got these
from soul Steel's
I'll leave a link in the description box
if anybody wants to check out the
website and when it comes to like
promoting websites and things like that
guys I would never promote something
unless I really believed in it and when
I do promote a website like this it's
because I think it will benefit a lot of
you guys so don't think I'm just here
like plugging something just to plug it
I'm plugging it because it's something
that a lot of people ask me like hey
where do you buy shoes from where can I
get these for a decent price from where
can I get Jordans work above all people
ask me all the time opportunities like
this is where I can tell you where I get
my shoes so that you know it's a
reliable source I'm not going to sit
here and talk too much about these shoes
because I'm sure there's reviews on
these originally I just wanted these
like I just wanted the three but then
it's like okay but it's a pack there's a
jump man on the bottom like what's the
chances you're ever going to get to have
this fine issue alone you know what I'm
saying so now I don't know how often I
would actually wear these these will be
saved for the right occasion and that's
why speaker heads have so many shoes is
because when you wear some of them for
the right occasion and then some of them
you just wear them daily and some of
them you just be this shut up oh you
know what I'm saying beautiful beautiful
now if this pack didn't have that nike
air on the back would I still be
interested
I really don't think I'm going to get
any sleep tonight because I've got a
edit this vlog and I actually have to be
up at like 8 a.m. to see a pair of
sneakers and mainly show you guys these
pairs of sneakers I don't know if it's
going to happen hopefully it happens
because I really want to see them in
hand I don't know maybe I maybe I
shouldn't gaps it up if it doesn't
happen but if it does happen I'll be
dope but that's just how things roll
around here I've been seeing a lot of
positive feedback on these new episodes
that I've been doing you know there's
always going to be the people who hate
stuff regardless but they still end up
still watching it so I don't try to show
those people attention one person said
that they loved the news vlogs and what
they love most is the consistency with
it done for 5 min and I as long as I'm
enjoying making the videos there is no
reason for me to take it off unless I'm
literally not doing anything that day I
plan to go out and make an episode to
find a reason to make that episode
amazing every single day for you guys
and I'm going to continue to do it these
next few months there's some major
top-secret announcements everything's
top secret so many boxes mint
