what do you think about weaker youtubers
using clickbait titles how clickbait
even I need YouTube videos really yeah
clickbait I was contacted last week by
complex to talk about sneaker YouTube I
didn't know what the interview was
really going to be based around but it
ended up being clickbait the whole
article is kind of based around the
trending topic recently into selling my
entire sneaker collection a handful of
copycat videos popped up within a few
days with nearly every relevant content
creators how they felt about Hess's
uploads none of them had intention of
selling their shoes but they all jump in
on the conversation hoping to get views
and build up their subscribers total
it's more quiet under that part that I
just read was probably the only part of
the whole article where I thought was
kind of like not true because I actually
did sell a good amount of sneakers when
I made that video okay
continue I'm going to skip through skip
through to where they mention me they
mentioned me they mentioned me where am
i where am I hi so Mart a 28 year old
from California whose COO TV channel has
over six hundred and seventy thousand
subscribers that's you guys admits that
he is the godfather of clickbait titles
on sneaker youtube currently one of the
largest independent sneaker based
channels on YouTube thanks everyone can
point fingers at me I don't like to be
cocky or say I changed everything but
they can point fingers at me but I can
point fingers right back at them because
they do it now and the rest of the
article is pretty much good so check it
out it's in the description box down
below I want to touch more on this topic
this article was a mix of someone's
opinion as well as for youtubers all
together to kind of talk about this
clickbait thing to me clickbait is not a
bad thing and it's not something that
anyone should be mad about unless
there's a few ways to go about clickbait
if you're youtuber and there's one
that's a complete lie for instance let's
see if they got you you got a Dido and
then there's the other type of clickbait
which is just to draw someone to your
video they still watch it and they get
what they clicked for but it's just not
in the title it it's the element of
surprise
for instance you got the New Year's e1g
juice how much needle everything $6,000
$6,000 easy Oh take my money
that's a cry credit cash I'll take a
whole lot haha taking these home I'm
guilty of both I used to do the first
example a little bit more and that's
when I was smaller and it really helped
me because a lot of people who didn't
know me clicked on the video yeah you
know it was it was bad it was it was it
was uncommon in the sneaker YouTube
world if you really pay attention it is
literally all across YouTube it's just
that I kind of brought it to the sneaker
YouTube which it had never been done
before and as far as these trends go
like I'm selling my sneaker collection
as a sneaker youtuber you got to give
your opinion on it like we're a
community and if one of us does
something I don't see a problem with
someone else reacting to it you know
what I'm saying so at the end of the day
clickbait is not hurting anyone because
you guys don't pay to watch YouTube but
some people just take it the wrong way
it's all about my content I hope that
you guys subscribe to me not because of
my titles and my thumbnails but because
you enjoyed the video you watch I'm
going to try to make it as dope as
possible
West transition at YouTube so it is a
little bit later on today I spent the
last few hours taking care of like a
whole bunch of adult bills and taxes a
whole bunch of headaches but now we are
actually headed towards Mag park in
Burbank with fire cakes the masked man
impossible no masks off he doesn't want
to be seen with anything yet you saw me
yesterday spoke with the mustache but
other than that you can't see it 20,000
thumbs up and he'll show it I'm shooting
everybody oh yeah and I hit 40,000 for B
dot to playing the hoops classic so imma
have to hit him up but then I got
another surprise for the team to going
to be the first day that we are filming
a brand new series for crew cakes you'll
see the vibe ones that so you'll see
them it's going to start going up I
think next week on crew cakes every
Friday your girl's favorite news anchors
comes
hey want to go to Subway because it's
team healthy all day every day subway
sponsored me got my number they got my
number and I don't know where I find
when I think you went to Del Taco or
close jr. but we'll see you inside Mac
Park in five four three two one
well you know what is even above their
body alright guys so now we are
officially about to set up for the new
show that we are doing this is going to
be our area and it should all be set up
right
BAM check it out guys we got the setup
right here we have to use this mag park
table right here because I forgot to buy
a second tripod everything we're about
to do is top secret right now so I
cannot show you anything else past this
point you know what I'm going to just
tell you guys about this new show that
we're working on because it's going to
come out next Friday you've been wanting
to do this idea for a while now you know
we've always talked about and we never
did it and we're like you know ready to
do it basically it is going to be kind
of like a podcast but in video form
where we just sit down with whoever our
guest is it's just going to be like a
raw unedited 30 minute show where we
talk to the person get some juicy topics
and you know just see where it goes from
there because you know I like listening
to podcast so I don't really talk about
it but I listen to Philly area yeah I
still got my long old giveaway to do so
let me give away sure finally oh yeah
you go mm-hmm pollen follow me I got a
bunch of size-12 stuff is a bite-sized
so I'll just hit me yeah like I'm gonna
give away stuff I'm I need some please
do one of those shots where we walk out
and then we have to come back and pick
up the camera this is hard
supreme North Face platform so how much
does go for yeah this is a look
okay nevermind this doesn't even
open so there's not really compartments
in here
the rs300 vision I don't know if I like
it anymore kind of reminds me like a
trash can
oh shut out to the blue chillin s mag
park collab hat available here now not
real one out pleasure to develop student
soon in college maybe the end of the
week follow me on instagram hey mickey
war mi ki is high school mickey by the
way o is 3m2 by the way doing anything
we're gonna be below and just nothing
about oh my god my day and as a vlog
camera
I can't run I was doing it like a
transition job try to do my camera man I
was gonna take over the vlog no no no
make you take the war no yes
alright guys so we are back at the crib
now and I just got a package earlier
today so we are going to end the vlog
off with one of the best ways to end it
what's in the box
we got a sneaker unboxing this is from
back home in the bay so I had two
packages and Omar sent them out to me
system Zig my PacSun bag dick or really
just impaction so it's inside out again
so you know what that means
Alexander Wayne collab no way Alexander
wing batter abortion these are so
freaking dope man they look a little bit
honestly but whoa these are a basketball
shoes now obviously it's not like a
basketball shoe that I would play in but
it's just like look at the amount of
boost all of us say let's how much boost
is on there I'm not sure if it expands
to the forefront of the shoe like under
this rubber there are the EZ 750 buzz it
roll the leather quality in here
oh very very nice kind of like a sock I
want to really try these on smelled like
a McDonald's toy from Happy Meals
yeah hopes me either they're really good
basketball shoe ah I love ordering pair
gone online because it comes in these
special bags they don't give you these
in the store
look hi to mark Jerome okay we got the
fair gosh why short oh I didn't even
know that the waist was black you got
this right here which I think this might
be the wrong size because I saw it in
store buy so good yeah see this is a
freaking large but it looks like a begin
to excel all right well that wraps it up
for this edition of what's in the box oh
you code your face this whole time I'm
right here
