I do I like the kids he's covered for
tomorrow and then when I'm going to be
doing any kind of up really or something
no morning will paint along basic and
tomorrow morning you're gonna wake em
you listening it's a currently Easter
Sunday so a lot of things are closed so
we're going to start the day out looking
for food I'm going to probably go to
Subway I do want to start out by saying
thank you to everyone who's been
supporting the new format of these vlogs
with the episode boy means hire people
are loving it because me being on the
bikes you get to see a lot more of Los
Angeles rather than me just going from
one place to another not showing you in
betweens of the city and the beauty of
it yeah let's go get some food and then
go watch some NBA Playoffs I need this
parts of logging bunk at the same time
you get a boy so these are Kobe eight
that were produced in 2012
these are Kobe eight that re-released as
part of a special pack reduced in 2015
this right here is lunar loin lunar loin
before boost this was the most
comfortable thing on a sneaker ever from
running to basketball made this the Kobe
eight the best basketball shoe in my
opinion of all times so when they
brought it back I was really really
excited too much disappointment they
gave us whatever the hell this is to my
knowledge this is not lunar like this
there's no way these are both lunar line
like this is way more squishier and
comfortable this is way more stiffer now
this one has Zoom Air in the back this
one doesn't when this originally came
out or in models that came with Zoom Air
and some didn't they didn't give us same
technology they gave us when they
originally brought this shoe and that
kind of pisses me off like if I'm buying
a shoe that I love back in the day which
was just a few years ago when it rear
Elisa's I expect it to come out in the
same exact form you know what I'm saying
the good thing about it is that I can
take this out of my old model and put it
inside hoping if it does fit perfectly
obviously it's the same shoe same size a
lot of people don't even realize that
it's not the same the reason why I bring
this up is just because I plan to play
basketball in these hopefully today I'm
going to go to the gym and it just sucks
that it's not the same we're paying more
for this than we did this so make it at
least better or the same you know let's
go play some basketball
my beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful Oh
alright guys we have to gym now so let's
go ahead and put in this work you feel
me tonight everybody still talking that
smack in the comment section we going
hard baby the diet starts when tomorrow
let go whoo they do Toby
what a good run man that was very very
fun but now we got to go meet up with
Almeida at UCLA he's up to something and
I guess while she's performing isn't
like a Backstreet Boys band or something
so we got to go UCLA is my old stomping
ground you know what I'm saying Alumni
gang you already know classic 2040 what
okay so check this out Ahmed doesn't
have a beard anymore Mahmoud was going
out his beard for like two three months
or something like that
why'd you prank him by shaving off a big
chunk of his beard very much forcing him
to do a clean shave and Osmond I guess
told his family that he's not coming
today I don't know what he's up to but
he texted means that hey I'm going to be
in disguise yeah let's go let's go see
what it looks like without any facial
hair because I told him not to do a
clean shave but he did it anyway so um
dead
okay so my face that I wish all my face
on anywhere to put like a blur thing I
can't show right now but this looks like
how he looked when I first met him I
can't turn it guys hide your wife hide
your kids you see the wicked oh my god
of the love and merit of an the marriage
I swear this guy looks dead on my uncle
Brad here's the other dilemma guys I
don't know I don't have a ticket to get
in apparently it's sold out so that's
why I wore this study right here that
says staff I'm hoping they just let me
walk through the door because I think I
work there but this is actually a
bleacher report kicks hoodie that I got
from sneaker car New York shots of
bleacher report cakes I'm going to say
like I'm a cameraman for bleacher report
or something so this is I got a sneak in
you've got to go undercover what if they
even let you in like I feel like they're
gonna be like well sir like you're way
too creepy to go inside yeah me and you
can't even walk together because then
obese you notice
Dreskin gone to UCLA the disrespect Sam
I'm an alum and I hid GPS guy behind me
this is the worst disguise ever everyone
is literally looking at him like he's
the freaking creep or maybe to clear the
biggest camera God guys and getting a
little emotional here the Bruin bear mat
and throw back to when we were trying to
climb on top and I was the only one that
to do it you're the one that couldn't do
it don't think I could do it now I think
I could doing that oh all right guys I
snuck in with what yeah literally just
walked in with him I don't know how he
found him but he was really just waiting
at the door he has no idea that I was
going to be there so that's why I mean I
stabbed for this I'm so surprised to do
I care everyday life a little coach
again sealer value a little bit of
boxing I'm saying I'm at to jump on my
pizza
- I say no more you know so like
watching quail
loci which is more nerve-wracking to
live in the height because that is a
skid this is dancing on stage that's a
complete different ballgame if you
missed that leave you must have you
messed up but in this game you can fix
it while driving so we're at Coachella
right now Coachella - Coachella vibe
2017 2017 rig takes up registration so
thank you guys for those of you that
don't know what's going on and where I'm
at this is a PSA ultra shuttle box on a
civic associations like all the
universities around Africa so basically
it's like UC Irvine Riverside UCLA USD
and a kegel the color - big dance-off
they're going up next you got food right
now intermission
oMG how to feel be on stage to save and
result it was crazy I'm happy that it's
done but I want you think overall what
you say so you wink at me it was good I
wanted to say he had the drone shot
let's just say learn from the Goff
understand did you know yeah I do drink
hope was coming yet I'm not going to
show the unveiling of when he surprised
the fat his family but it was freaking
hilarious right guys I got it's going to
be on his channel if you guys want to
watch it so funny I've never I was dying
YG's face was priceless bro it was I
didn't know what like they didn't
recognize me at all I came in like
sometimes I'm dead yeah oh my god
we're gonna prank a pirate
we got movie bit on stage and I'm
getting kicked out by the teacher right
here guys like okay I don't go to you
get it I don't go to UCLA mr. Omar I
don't go to UCLA anymore leave me alone
guys I'm actually joking about the whole
UCLA alumni I just made that up
so for those of you guys that don't know
I am a global brand ambassador for
CREB protect the best sneaker cleaner in
the game right now
and if you don't believe me ask a very
reliable source complex yeah they did a
whole video about this recently and curb
protect was voted by their office as the
number one sticker cleaner in the game
as being a global brand ambassador I do
get tons of product to always you know
just have in my house we've never done a
giveaway for a protect I've never done a
giveaway for cut protects so I thought
you know what I get a lot of people who
tweet me and ask me for free crap
protect so I was like you know what
let's have our first of many giveaways
I'm going to give one way of each
product first off we got the CREP
protect here next up we got the CREP
protect wipes next up we've just got a
regular bottle of cure in case this runs
out you you get another bottle the
correct protect rain and stain repellent
the newest product to the crupper Tech
lineup is the creme protect pills one
pill per shoe to make your shoes smell
clean and fresh and it kills back it
kills I can't read this now you're
probably wondering hey guys where are
you going to do the giveaway the
giveaway will be done on my Instagram I
am almost that four hundred thousand
rate is a five hundred thousand or four
hundred thousand four hundred thousand
we're a long way from five hundred
thousand were almost a four hundred
thousand followers on Instagram when we
reach five damn it when we reach four
hundred thousand followers on
then I will post a picture with the
giveaway so don't tweet me don't comment
on my Instagram don't DM me don't email
me don't do any of that yet because
that's not how you're going to win how
you are going to win only through that
one Instagram post that I post when we
reach 400,000 followers on Instagram
maybe I'll do like a first second and
third place because I have a ton of
product and I'll select the winners at
random and you're an explanation of how
you can win the contest will obviously
be on that post alright I was going to
just end the vlog there but we have to
end the vlog on this note this morning
when I woke up I woke up to a few tweets
of people sending me screenshots from KC
nice that to vlog this kid right here is
wearing the dream cruise spacejam had
this kid if you're watching this you are
a legend you are the goal you if I
believe this kid and I will meet this
kid I don't know if I have or I will I
meet this kid I would give this guy as
utah's because he's repping that's
because this in Cajun is law because
he's repping the crew it's still
unbelievable to me that people want to
represent something that something that
I represent man and for you guys to wear
a shirt or a hat or a sweater or
whatever it is and rep dream crew in
your everyday live Lessing to me and the
fact that it's being represented on a
video that has two million views is just
amazing so shout out to that guy
shoutout to everyone else who's ever
picked up merch for me and for everybody
else in the future that's going to pick
up merch for me and rep it hard because
the dream crew is about living your
dream
chasing your dreams accomplishing your
dreams and turning them into a reality
and for your next opportunity to pick up
some merch you know I'm going to do a
shameless plug sneaker conde area
