Oh CJ Miles give the ball back to Paul
George why would you look yeah and look
good it did what's going on guys another
beautiful day out here in Los Angeles
and I just feel really really good after
yesterday's long bike ride my ankles for
some reason are starting to hurt not my
ankle but like my Akili we're good no
complaints it feels good I did bike over
here so we're still on the grind so
we're here on Fairfax because Blake like
Linda is having a pop up at mag part hey
the plug how you doing good to see you
buddy I get to see a beautiful day today
yeah it's beautiful
my man right he's going to walk for me
I'm gonna play the keymaster colonel oh
you got that Oh Oh God
oh sure you want to play another time
yeah key message located on the clear
fact the policy network complain $5 a
place and I hope you like that plug
Mickey that's my boy patient Park all
the way in Norman Oklahoma coal hey
there Joe Ricky Carlos and Carlos
Diego's Mayan chess
well you only play multi-master yeah no
no here let me just play pen dolly way
too much money I got your own save your
money it's fine fine thank you I'm not
sure turn around shot to Adrienne
alright guys so I noticed a lot of
people here on Fairfax wearing a lot of
bait but supreme is right there so I'm
going to ask people supreme for bait
let's find out what the people got to
say you know I got to ask you guys a
question
alright so cream or bait
supreme supreme or baby super hot all
day yeah okay
retail price or big boy come on baby no
you got to pick one is actually better
cream
if you have a baby come on doing supreme
I don't know I just like their I like
the design oh definitely supreme
I like the cooler colors a lot of a big
simple life yeah yeah sure for sure
look I'm wearing a white t-shirt then
just throw a box logo on it to a couple
thousand oh yeah through my life babe I
just got two paid fabrics a big one
don't I play glitter doesn't know how to
ride a bike explode nice is a Casey
nights out of LA now so I think you
become the Hibiscus I mean I see it says
lochia Heidi Studios like supreme
goddess daughter easy you got to be the
future yourself can never be anybody
else yeah
I hate cats bands I don't need the
calculator because they're going to go
talk so much
yeah even when a factory 1000 that
defense
yes towards the end of the day but I
thought it would switch it up you know
Tom it is what's in the box ordered some
things from PacSun still waiting for the
sponsorship I never got the call say
something I'm giving let me know let me
know fast okay we got some clothes you
got a pair of van
fans I'm still waiting for that
sponsorship I mean know if you need my
number or something like say something I
did get another order from PacSun but
I'm an idiot and for the shipping
address I put my house back home in the
bay desert camo t-shirt I don't have any
camo like this except my supreme five
this one is like a oh this is really big
this is huge I should have got a large
ginormous man what this is a Muhammad
Ali t-shirt but it kind of looks like
one of those hip hop vintage oblems
never seen these in person so I just
like how they looked online bang this is
actually a off way it's kind of like a
cream that go very very light cream and
I love how they made the back of the
Rubber Soul black so kind of like go
back with white so yeah either dope I'm
happy I picked these up packs and
pickups like right yes
I don't know if they didn't let me take
my bikes I'm gonna fold in a carrier
maybe the only thing is Undertaker folks
the boxes inside out I didn't even know
that good touch indeed a little bag that
they take a weird stick material I don't
know how to explain it
Packaging is everything when it comes to
sneakers it makes it rigid shoe
way more you're probably wondering why
I've got these how often I'm going to
wear these like honestly I don't know
but it's just a snowshoe obviously roost
on the bottom and Alexander way if you
just allow the most part why I got it it
goes all the way to your ankle the
lacing system is ridiculous there's no
late the laces go all the way in the
front wrap around and then in the back
is where you tighten it by pulling here
got like this leather little thing right
here that holds the laces together and
then under the leather is like this
little bleed cause like not even really
until I feel like I can just pull this
out oh like this shoe was interesting to
me that's why I got it this might be the
craziest thing I've ever purchased
definitely the most interesting but they
are super comfortable I don't know to
each his own I'm a huge fan of this
whole Alexander Wang adidas
collaboration that they've been doing
really happened
