good bro yeah my your locker
yeah I love the car bro yeah absolutely
both it
Gold right there man gold right there I
also know that all right guys starting
the vlog out on Melrose today I'm biking
today no car to that my goal is not to
use my car today I'm going to bike from
here to mag park today I'm going to make
it
so what tomorrow no I'm going to fight
from here to Burbank back part oh I'll
be careful
I just bought easy for time yeah this
guy's called but we didn't even meet up
like you were just on Melrose Tom biking
down tomorrow and he had a bag full of
dime is the only dimes he throws not on
the court but anyway we have a pop up
tomorrow at Mack mark right on Fairfax
my family stopped by all of a sudden
yeah all of a sudden let's just say San
Francisco's keep your time coming soon
back to the year hey you shout out to
workshop man work work worldwide good
well let's go right to Marilyn Manson am
I gonna fix it at the other doesn't do
it I'm gonna buy some here to Burbank my
party thing I'll make it oh I love you
cool yeah I'll make it my golly no
secret I like the confidence
let's take a cool minute you guys might
have to call it over
spiking makes me appreciate that la the
City of LA and the culture way more like
you see all the street art I'm currently
on La Brea I'm about probably a 5-10
minute bike ride to Hollywood and then a
little past Hollywood is that what that
sort of gets a little bit confusing to
get to Mac parks you got to enter a
freeway literally for one exit I got to
figure out how I can get past that I
might have to take a very very very very
very very very short uber ride just to
get past the freeway
I got boom laughter oh my god ooh been
like that oh don't hit me don't hit me
don't hit me don't hit me
all right so 350 4 p.m. on Friday
keistered facetiming said she's biking
from Melrose to mag park here in Burbank
I don't know if he's gonna make it
see we'll see what's up
this right here is Muhammad Ali's star
on the Walk of Fame it's on the wall and
not the ground and Muhammad Ali is the
only person on the entire Walk of Fame
that that score is on the wall and the
reason for that is because he didn't
want people to walk across the name
Muhammad I just want to show you guys
that yeah
back to the bike
okay so this is what I'm talking about
right here this is a Hollywood Bowl the
freeway is literally right there when
you enter the freeway you literally like
you have to take a fast exit
to the next exit if you missed that exit
you're screwed just need to over from
here pass that exit and then we'll be
good to go I'm not cheating I'm not
taking the shortcut literally right when
I crossed that freeway I'm going to have
them pull over let me out of the pod out
of the ruber and I'm going to bike my
way finish to Magnolia so let me fold up
this bike took it fitted in the uber
okay we're a bank now twenty to thirty
minute bike ride to mag park and we're
going to get our speaker final stretch
I just biked here bruh alright guys so I
made it can you believe it did you think
I was gonna make it no no I did take the
little three four five minute uber ride
just to get over the freeway but I like
their bikes on May 4 he'll turn exactly
we might as well just make this
announcement right now guys
Chicago sneaker con dream crew has just
recruited for the first time making a
monitor
oh you earned yourself a burden after I
ate and I broke your Winkle got your
broke mine oh and then she broke GM
vehicle and you to be my favorite but
you have a friend that I want to try to
get them on our team too we're just
water so bro
I was wondering like you like NBA
impression okay that's not that's right
here that's nice alright when you really
bald oh I know you do impressions but
can you really ball cause we need
players for our team
yeah yeah I'm over you know if you
filled in the Liberty game this year you
know play professional I played in the
d-league and overseen some terrible game
so I could probably beat you but you're
still good yeah I mean okay so
confidence is key but anyway we got this
game in Chicago on June 3rd and 4th we
would love to have you on the dream crew
my birthday will too I'm gonna get back
with you okay I definitely you know what
I do sometimes I let them decide so if
they can make this video get like how
many thumbs up for you to play 40,000
40,000 40,000 thumbs up okay and I'm I'm
in a game and I've never under any
Chicago okay here we go at 40,000 thumbs
up for me to play the spirit comes
Chicago who collects the game make it
happen guys it's up to you okay
hopefully hopefully they can make up
okay so this is the reason why it fights
all the way over here
wow they smell good that and what number
is
we'll be too hot here's like a Kendra
Calvin I just don't like that problem I
love his first album so I compared all
to his first outlaw
Oh
another day another sneaker pickup I
actually use store credit that I had at
mag park to get these and really happy I
picked these up sat in one row statins
whatever you want to call it this is the
red set and this is the first set and
that came out and then the Royal set
yeah this one is limited to seven
hundred and one pairs the bread has five
hundred and one pairs there's actually a
total of a thousand pairs of these
there's a 300 youth sizes this one
didn't come and youth making this one
the rarer one well they're both rare but
this is rarer but for some reason I
think these go for more I think it's
just a hype thing right now if I had to
pick which one I like more I'm gonna
have to go with the bread what's crazy
is the retail price for these on the box
is 175 and they're going for about 1,400
to 1,600 dollars right now so if you
don't know the backstory on the Royal
pair they actually came out only in two
locations which is Houston and Atlanta I
was trying to figure out which where my
parrot aim from here is the receipt
right here and you can see the total
price is 180 944 picked up from that
store right there in Texas
I haven't probably caught every Jordon
one I've ever wanted to me it's a
blessing to be able to couple years ago
I had a whole bunch of shoes that I was
like if one day I'm going to get those
one day I might get those and now I'm
looking on my wall and I'm just like I
have those and it just shows you man
hard work say this all the time if you
work hard you know you don't have to
fantasize and dream about the stuff that
you want to get or nothing is too far
out of reach you can literally put it in
your possession and own it you know what
I'm saying but the reason why I always
stress that it's not just about sneakers
because some people will probably be
like all your treating sneakers as if
it's gold or if it's a car but you know
as a sneakerhead this is what we this is
what we appreciate it's an art to us you
know what I'm saying for me to be a
to have some of these sneakers that I
have it's in my wildest dreams I didn't
think I would ever be able to own a
fragment or the Jordan Brand Classic
ones or DS or whatever it is and I'm
just truly blessed crazy to me it's dope
it's crazy you know it motivates me to
want to work harder so that I can keep
getting more and more sneakers that I
never thought I would get this is
episode two of this new vlog format that
I have started I wanted like a fresh
start and to me restarting and making
these episodes kind of like motivated me
more made me want to make sure that each
episode is worthy of being considered an
episode now a lot of people didn't like
the fact that I'm titling this whole my
vlogs now avoid me type and the reason
why I gave it a title was just because
different chapters in my life the title
will change so boy me type inspired by
pretty much my favorite show of all time
besides friends which is Boy Meets World
it's about a boy in this world and he
goes through elementary school to junior
high to high school to college meaning
the world and the obstacles in it so
basically what mean type means it's me
obviously I'm not a boy anymore I'm a
grown man
it means me you put you took me and you
put me in Los Angeles or surrounded by
this culture and these sneaker shops
which obviously my alarm my content is
sneaker base all this hype stuff it's me
taking me from the Bay Area where you
know I wasn't able to get access to a
lot of these things these hype things
instead of just the obstacles of the
world it's the obstacles of sneaker game
the culture you know hype culture of LA
culture all of it I just thought it fit
perfect and I am 100 percent satisfied
with it it doesn't matter what anybody
says to me because these are my vlogs
I'm going to execute them and create
them the way I want to do and hope that
you guys enjoy them so if anybody didn't
like it hopefully my explanation helps
you understand where I'm coming from
if not then hopefully that just because
of the title and new episodes you don't
unsubscribe I promise you it's going to
be the same content it's still a vlog
it's just more of like a way for me to
start fresh I guess
commercial heavy when I coach a
Coachella guys they say don't don't
overdose and
