all right hope everybody's having a
great start to the week I've been on and
off about making this video because I
didn't wanna I did want to upload it but
then I didn't want to upload it and I
tweeted about the situation obviously
guys you guys know that somebody messed
up my car rap and I tweeted about it
instead of just waiting to drop the
video because usually as a youtuber like
I don't like to show what my video is
gonna be about until the day goes up I
decided to tweet it because I was very
frustrated at the time so basically um
I'm gonna roll the footage here and
we're gonna start like this but I'm
gonna roll the footage here of uh as
soon as I picked up my camera and
started filming so you guys can see what
happened okay I knew eventually this day
would probably come so I'm not trippin
too much but it really sucks I'm at the
mall right now I'm not in LA I'm outside
of LA but I'm at the mall and I just
left the gym and I came to the mall got
me some Jamba Juice jump just actually
across the street so I've just been
eating it but are sipping on it but I go
into the mall I walk around for like 30
45 minutes I come back to my car I get
in the driver seat right here and I turn
on my car and as I'm bout to back out I
see this you see that right there that's
my car trap so turn off the car as you
guys can see how the cars around me I
didn't Park too far from the entrance
which is like right there I went through
Macy's but I see this
they peeled off my rap and then this at
this point I'm like just like confused
as hell and then obviously I eventually
see this right here they whoever it was
somebody came and peeled off the head
from my rack my cause head and then they
messed up the X and then I had to go
look around to make sure they didn't do
anything else but everything else like
this can't peel off guys this is part of
the whole body of the rap this on the
other hand was actually a separate decal
as you guys can see from the outline
from yes my car's dirty as hell I
haven't washed it I mean eventually when
I cleaned the car it would just look
like a black hood obviously I'm gonna
take this off but it just freakin sucks
that someone would even do that
obviously it was somebody who knows
about my videos and is probably a hater
I guess I don't know I don't know what
the intentions were but at least they
should have took this home for a
souvenir or something but it just sucks
like that's like four thousand dollars
down the drain pretty much because
that's how much I paid for the wrap I
really don't even know what to say or
anything I'm not gonna overreact because
at the end of the day no one died this
isn't nobody got harmed I know there's
bigger crimes in this world but this
just kind of sucks that someone would do
something like that for no frickin
reason that's pretty much how we're
starting off our sad day so first thing
I want to say is that yes I did tweet
about it so you guys probably have
already saw the picture of the rap I
think I did the picture of the rap
sitting on the floor a lot of people you
know they said it was messed up like oh
it was a hater this this Dalia and I
agree
you know obviously it was somebody who
was just hating then there was a lot of
people surprisingly like I didn't expect
this there's a lot of people tweeting me
saying this is just click bait click
bait click bait click bait I'll go out
this is great this is perfect click bait
for you oh you probably do this yourself
so that you can have click bait you have
to understand that I'm a vlogger I'm a
youtuber like I film most of the stuff
that happens in my life so when
something like this happens the first
thing that my mind isn't oh this is a
great opportunity for click bait it's
just I want to film it because it's
something that happened to me and it
happened to me because I'm on the
internet and people know my car no I did
not do this myself for quick rate
reasons and it is what it is I've spent
all day thinking about it and it's
honestly not that bad it is what it is
man if somebody wanted to do that that
was their decision Karma's gonna get
them but I'm not gonna sit here and be
like upset and whatnot like I've cooled
down I'm chilling and people are here's
the thing is like I'm not uploading this
to get people to feel sorry for me or
anything like that like I'm just again
showing you guys something that happened
in my life and at the end of the day
whether I'm doing something good or if
something bad happens to me people are
always gonna find a way to hate on it or
switch things around or make it seem the
way it's not like I'm over the Internet
guys I'm
I'm over it even though my whole life is
on the internet I'm over the internet it
is what it is and then here's the second
statement I want to make about this
situation is when stuff like this
happens obviously like I said I'm a
youtuber i vlog I'm gonna show it but
then there are certain things that
happen to us youtubers where we need to
realize that we shouldn't show it
because when we do show it it's gonna
make the person who did something to us
happy so the person who messed up my car
today they're probably watching this and
they're probably laughing and happy that
I made a whole video about it so they
got exactly what they wanted they got
the reaction and I gave them a reaction
I gave them exactly what they wanted so
not only did they win they gave me an L
but now they're taking a super super W
you know anytime something bad happens
to a youtuber the YouTube makes a video
about it and the person who does it is
watching it and they got exactly what
they wanted whether there was stealing
something or whether it was fighting
with them whatever it is they got a
reaction so us youtubers we need to
think clearly if I don't show that this
affected me or if I don't make a video
about this the person on the other end
who caused this it's never gonna know
whether or not it affected you it's not
they're not gonna know if you know they
got what they wanted so us youtubers
need to draw the line and be like
alright this happened to me this is
really bad I don't want to show the
world this I don't want to make the
person happy who did this so even though
I made a video about this I wanted to
say that this is a great opportunity to
tell you guys I'm not gonna show it any
intention so if my car gets messed up
again I'm not gonna make a video about
it because the person is just gonna be
happy and and me making this video right
now could possibly make someone else
wanna mess up my car saying oh wow you
made a video about it the first time
maybe he'll make another video and and
make another video about it you know I'm
saying so I'm not gonna show anything
like that on my channel if anything
happens to me because it's it's it's me
giving the person what they wanted so if
anybody ever plans to mess with my car
again I'm not gonna make a video about
it I'm not gonna tweet about it I'm not
gonna show it any type of attention so
this is not a actual vlog episode I'm
sorry about that but I will be back
tomorrow with a better and legit vlog
episode this is just a video from about
what happened I'm not gonna sit here and
try to promote anything or anything like
that if you guys want to make me feel
better at least I'm in I already feel
better but like I'm over it but if
anybody wants to help out make me feel a
little bit more better you can subscribe
and join the crew you know he's saying
you know saying y'all saying yeah that's
that's pretty much it
