the base interpreters ranging from upper
70 pages of extent or low 80s with
dollars with a far walk three hearts
hey what's up my friend yeah not today
bro that was 30 plus minutes almost an
hour on the bike to Fairfax through
Melrose and now here at the pan park I
felt really good yeah that's everybody
in the supreme mind who said what's up
to me I know I couldn't really turn
around and say what's up because I was
riding the bike on the street but I
tried to give a nod 11:18 I started
riding my bike at 10:30 this whole weeks
and Sunday I've been doing some kind of
cardio or gym workout so I'm really
proud of myself have also been eating
healthy anyway what do I have it for
today I'm actually going to take the
hour and 50 minutes rive to Mina's side
of SoCal so that we can go to the movies
tonight because we are going to go watch
the new faith and is that what it's
called every time they make a new fast
ik various I still get excited because
since Fast and Furious 1 this has been
probably one of my favorite I'm not even
exaggerating I've watched it probably
fifty to a hundred times like I know
that movie line for line I like you no
one likes the tuna here yeah well I do
so yeah we're going to go watch that
it's like the first showing at like 6 7
p.m. or something yeah let's go back to
the crib shower up get ready for the day
actually attempted that like 10 times I
still going to make it oh yeah I really
love my car exposure is super high I
just put a tweet out right now saying we
are looking for videographers and
photographers in the Bay Area that will
be available from April 27 to the 30th
please email q OU staff at gmail.com
please only email that email if you are
a videographer or photographer and want
to work with myself around those dates
all other emails will not be responded
to and no I am personally not going to
be replying and checking the emails
please email us with like your portfolio
I guess anyway I'm finally here
currently 4 o'clock I think I left at
12:31 ish 145 1 so it took me about 3
hours to get here have to refuel
that's that's mysterious happen yeah
they don't have anything here so next up
is target I wish I could tell you why
I'm trying on a suit jacket other mares
around here so just use my phone
I came to target with the intentions to
just kill some time and I left with like
$300 worth of stuff
oh my god guys so much has happened over
the past few hours didn't vlog that much
as that the movies most the time and
driving back home most of the times we
got Hoxha's to look at purifiers to plug
in oh and most importantly my youtube
got hacked okay I'm going to keep it
short and simple I'm not going to spoil
the movie this is not a spoiler alert
every time they announce that they're
going to be making a new fast and
furious we all say another one that we
think like oh my god you're over
saturating the series but then they
always end up being super super good it
was a very very good movie there was
like usually when movies come out these
days it's like you can tell what's going
to happen at the end of the movie from
the start of the movie but this one it
was just like twists and turns and plot
twists and Terry's out teary-eyed and go
watch it
it's freaking dope I love it like I said
earlier I love The Fast & Furious series
so if they made another one I would
still be happy look at this this was our
movie ticket they didn't give us like a
little square movie piece of paper they
gave us this real it I like that okay so
about this whole hacking situation my
YouTube channels did get hacked crew
kicks and Kai somar they both got hacked
but it wasn't like a bad hack all they
did was change the titles of all my
videos and the description of all my
videos to promote their company which
hacks people and it's like it's like a
good hack because all they do is they
hack companies to let them know that
their system doesn't work and it can be
hacked basically they just you know but
I don't know like what is what's the
point of that you know it just causes
more work for everyone but then it's
also a good thing because it lets them
know that someone 10 times worse can
come hack it you know what I mean
technically I didn't even get hacked my
YouTube network hack so basically we all
got hacked and all of our titles and all
of our descriptions change so there was
nothing involving passwords there was
nothing involving like personal
information being stolen so yeah
basically if you go to Crewe TV crew the
kind some more channels or even
care of if you go to crew TV and you
look at all the video titles they are
all the same exact thing thanks to
everybody who tweeted me we're good to
go guys I do have some things to open up
so let's now this is like a new REM to
vlog whatever we call it I honestly
haven't decided yet I you probably saw
that at the beginning of this video
let's start the first edition of what's
in the box what's in the box a little
far there the last two sneaker unboxing
I did we're not even mine
what is this world come to another Bey
pair pity lid like the leather back on
here pump it out wives
I want shoes too
I think I know it just is ah yes that I
stood for OOP and shout out to GM for
getting me this I think they got me this
from London I was looking for it I
couldn't find it anywhere because I
guess it was like limited or whatever I
found it out in London and ask them to
copper for me so thank you very very
much
g-star Pharrell Williams camo jacket
they did this collab with Pharrell and
this like camo jacket was on the flyer
but I couldn't find it in store in like
a couple shops and then they I guess
they found it in London it's super super
thin like super thin like I could wear
this on the chilly le night you know I'm
saying it as a half hoodie vibe I guess
the inside pocket right there
slide what's up family hey legit like
this is this is dope
she's just wear this jacket every time I
do sneaker boxing this is so friggin
dope at a knife so we are two weeks two
and a half weeks away from sneaker con
bay area which I'm super excited about
working on the merch finalizing the
merch but then don't forget as well
niekirk on London in May 27th and then
sneaker con Chicago which has the
basketball hoops classic is jeweled
dirted fourth I was actually texting all
the homies today to see who's officially
going to be playing and let me tell you
it's going to be the most competitive
game yet who got some good people
playing we've got some very very good
people playing I wish I could show you
guys the jerseys to the dream cruisers
these are lit and then also Dallas is
coming up Dallas I think is July 7th I
believe I do plan to be at every sneaker
con and we are going international we
are going you know all over the United
States I'm just going to throw it out
there I don't have an official not never
mind we'll talk about that later all
right guys I'm out of here it's got a
lot of work to do if I'm tired my laser
we're going to be back at it tomorrow
thank you guys for watching I'm out of
here
