this is the last vlog vlog for so long
now I've wanted to stop doing the whole
vlog number 503 504 505 already at 675 I
believe I've been wanting to change it
up I just didn't know what what to call
it out it technically it's still a vlog
it's going to be logged is when you show
what you're doing with your day I'm
still going to be doing that but I don't
want to call it a vlog anymore I want to
call it something else some of the
things that have come to my mind have
been episodes but Casey does that and if
I do episode everybody's anything I'm
copying him which I don't mind doing
because episode is like perfect like a
show to me like this is YouTube is TV
not I'm saying so it is an episode I was
thinking about doing chapters wherever
there's like chapter one which was like
each day was a page it would be like
page 1 page 2 page 3 then when I got to
the end of the month when it was on page
30 or 31
then you'd be chapter 2 which is the
second day and it would be 12 chapters a
year so basically this is the last vlog
tomorrow when you watch the whatever
it's called the vlog tomorrow it will be
something different but I would love you
guys just feedback on what I should call
it should I call it episodes chapters
waves do you have any other suggestions
try to come up with something if anybody
comes up with something that I really
enjoy definitely I'll give you guys
credit there's some big changes going to
be happening in my life like 2017 is a
year to make this a new part to I guess
that was a long part one though alright
let's go we got a lot of things to do
today
okay guys headed to burbank right now
headed to mag park right now because i'm
taking those sneakers that you saw me
pack up earlier to mag to put on
consignment it means that I'm taking the
shoes to Mac Park for them to sell I get
a high percentage of it they get a small
percentage of it most consignment
sneaker shops do that well all
consignment sneaker shop to do that
because their consignment yeah I mean
it's the fastest way it's the best way
for me to sell my sneakers without me
having to do any work the less work the
better so I'm taking it to them
obviously my part is like my go-to
sneaker spot because Nicky's day so I
you know rather concern with them than
anyone else
give me
either those that you want bro
so make 600 now Deborah Heidi look
handsome yeah ooh yeah yeah yeah go
ahead recording shut up your cowboy I
know you're not going to see this for a
while but we missed you bro I'm not
quite that work here when did in video
didn't you yeah I'm not doing the
consolidator but germ can turn camera
jerk wasting 100 yeah 500 like 150
honestly edge of these 400 bucks
cyber monday due to like a t-bar I do
like 126 as long as I get retailed back
yeah just be 250 is 200 250 on these
wrong get rid of do 200 on these I know
they look like 220 this fondue 250
retails 400 so just was from not 400
alright guys so all the shoes are now on
consignment at mag officially come get
them while they're hot ask for germ can
such a beautiful day out here in Burbank
and you know the weather is getting
better you know I was thinking this guy
over here see how he's riding a bike I
want to go buy a bike in LA one thing
that sucks is the traffic and sometimes
something that for literally half a mile
away will take you 20 to 30 minutes to
get there I'm not even over exaggerating
what I want to do is get I want to get a
bike because then I don't want to take
my car I can just bike to places super
easy if I want to go to Melrose or
wherever maybe and on top of that get a
little bit of extra exercise during the
day it would be dope to have a bike oh
I'm going to go to this bike shop around
the corner
I thought it
like
I'm not looking for anything to create
so I'm getting that basic spike that
folds up so I can fit in the back of my
car and click formative bucks whatever I
guess I don't know the bike world under
the market didn't stop the bike
come take this thing for a test ride it
probably should have done that before I
bought it but oh well
so I have a meeting at 7:30 it's
currently 653 so I've got about 40
minute and I decided you know what let's
go take my bike for a little ride I wish
I had my GoPro on me I don't if I had my
GoPro I would attach it to my bike but I
don't so I'm going to leave my camera in
the car that's hopefully the bike goes
for a smooth run okay bye say what you
wanna when you down to fight a moose way
when I ran through the darkest man today
saying that the come to light
so imma do it I feel bad and I fine for
what we want to do and go down if you
ain't now we run
oh my god guys the bike ride was so fun
it felt so good I solicit let's fold
this thing up
alright guys so we are back at the crib
now I'm taking care of a little bit of
laundry the meeting went well by the way
good meeting it wasn't really business
revolved around business it was more
about you know coming up with ideas and
figuring out how we can do the dope
little get-together so yesterday I
didn't post the vlog and I did vlog with
veena it's supposed to unclog my pores
right don't go fast please you have to
know slowly hurt Oh some dudes I've been
talking to them and they're knows
there's be having a better conversation
with me than them we started out the day
by if you actually clean my apartment
for me so thank you and then we went to
the gym which was pretty cool and then
after the gym we had a nice little lunch
at one of our favorite restaurants which
is always always great and yet now we're
here today so okay so obviously we're in
my closet right now I was thinking for
the last hour how I can end this vlog
with something different I haven't done
yet and then I came up with an idea
actually it wasn't my idea someone else
did it and I was like hey I want to do
that too because I'm starting to collect
this you chat out to JC over at urban
necessities he just started his YouTube
channel he did his VAP collection as you
guys know I've kind of been on this Bay
pipe like recently you know not a ton
like my collections nowhere near his but
I've been buying a few products here and
there and I'm really proud of the few
babe items I've had shout out to JC
shout out to you and yeah check out his
channel his content has been great so
far so basically like I was saying I
don't have too many bidding 8 pieces or
clothing or whatever you want to call it
I don't have too much of it I would the
reason why I never had it before was
just because I couldn't really afford it
like I couldn't pay that much money for
a pair of sweat pants or shirt or
whatever it was recently I've just been
coming across pieces here and there and
I've been picking them up all over
wherever I travel so if you do really
enjoy it and you mess with this video
and you want to see more of my
collections for instance maybe like my
full adidas collection like the whole
Alexander Wang collab or my whole OBO
collection hit that thumbs up just hit
that thumbs up let me know if we get
more thumbs up that means you guys liked
it okay so let's talk let's go ahead and
look into my collection of beige stuff
let's start out with these guys the bare
brick bathing Apes right here this is
just one of the sets that they've
released they've released a few
collection I'm not sure if this is the
most recent one but this is the one
where I was able to collect all three
from the set if I'm correct these are
the thousand percent the percentage is
the sizing and as you guys know I keep
these guys in my kitchen because I know
bare bricks are they're like little
collectibles are really hollow like this
thing is straight plastic but you know
it's phased and it's fair break so goes
for a lot of money so keeping it with
the kitchen babe theme I've got these
four babe coasters or coasters for 80
bucks but I think it was well worth it
come on it complements the bare bricks
and it goes with the babe kitchen that I
have which I still am adding more things
to I'm going to make that kitchen very
very baked out I guess another item that
we keep in the kitchen is the babe
carpet I got this one from round two
shadow to Shawn I got a very very good
price I think I paid I want to say 120
150 I can't remember on my couch in the
living room debate pillow shoutout to
the restock Chicago homies for this one
I got this from them off of a sneaker
con they had it at their table and I saw
another yo I need that I copped this it
was 150 bucks but like I said Bape is
not cheap so 150 bucks for the babe
pillow it's always worth it I think one
of the things that definitely attracts
me to babe is camel I love camel if you
guys know me you know I love camel so
the fact that babe has that camel vibe
to it definitely attracted me vape
sneakers this is the only one I have
unfortunately this is the adidas nmd
babe collaboration so freaking beautiful
need that green pair man I really really
need that green pair I got these from
soul supremacy I believe I paid five
hundred and fifty dollars for these if I
actually bought three of them at once
so they hooked me up with a great price
because I was buying so many of them I
bought the other two pairs for my good
friend Kenny perfect pair because he was
getting it for I believe his wife and
his daughter for Christmas
and I I was the plug for him and I got
those for him and then I got myself a
pair yeah shout out to Kenny also can he
get well soon he got into a car accident
everybody goes home love and his wife on
his Instagram Kenny if you're watching
this praying for you brother
I got this one from unknown unknown
Miami they had one of these on display
it was on the mannequin you're not going
to believe how much this backpack cost
but this backpack cost five hundred
freaking dollars what and that's a
retail I like it because the pockets are
velcro on the side I keep my air paws in
there as you guys can see airport life
and then I also got this which where did
I get this from damn know where I got
this oh yeah man park I got this one
from a park I was actually wearing this
one day I was at the Adidas store and
the girl was like wow you have the blue
backpack I was like yeah and then she's
like oh that's super rare like any blue
babe camo is way more rarer than the
regular green ones like oh I didn't know
that but yeah I'm learning okay now on
to what is baked bread and butter the
clothing my most recent pick up are
these babe shorts right here these I got
them from soul Steel's as you guys know
I've been really talking about soul
Steel's they have really really cheap
vape on they're not super cheap but the
cheapest you'll find babe anywhere else
as far as like resale stores or websites
or whatever it may be these are super
super dope I have yet to wear way I know
I warm one day but I really like them
I'm saving these for the summertime if
you've worn bait before you know what
I'm talking about like I'm not over
exaggerating when I say these these
things and all babe clothing fits super
super slim okay next up I've got this
super super dope jog bathing 80 so they
did a collab with jaws the movie as you
guys can see it says jaws it has the
Jaws logo just like the movie and then
over here you've got the shark with the
bait print inside of the shark now when
I first saw this I don't even know this
was a thing the shark hoodie if you
watch that vlog that thing is so
freaking dope but I'm not really a fan
of the hoodies the material is a little
too thick for me maybe I'll get a hoodie
soon but it really has to be special for
me to pay like five six hundred dollars
on a hood you can go and I'm saying on
the back there is nothing on the front
is that design and then you've got the
jaws tag right there this next one right
here is a shirt that I've been wanting
since it came out
I can never find it I think one of you
guys tagged me on it one of you guys
tagged me on Instagram on the post and I
saw it it was that round too so
shout-out to round 2 because I got the
BAE Big Sean complex concert as you can
see that's Big Sean rocking the VAP
Tackett with the babes does on the back
it's got the complex con
8 and then Big Sean's logo and his
signature as you guys know I'm a huge
Big Sean fan so this was a must for me I
think there's a black version of this
which I don't have yet hopefully I can
find it soon and then there's also a Big
Sean babe 10th 10-year anniversary shirt
I believe I need that if anybody knows
where I can get that please let me know
funny story we were in Miami when I
bought the babe backpack and there was a
babe Hello Kitty shirt and Minah loved
it and she's like oh my god like I
really want this as like alright I'll
get it for you so I bought her this
shirt and then we left I'm like how much
do you think that shirt costs and she
was like what like 30 bucks 40 bucks I
was like no you know that shirt was 120
bucks and she's like what yeah it's babe
what do you think and she's like no no
let's go take it back let's take it back
um I know it's okay it's so Aggie like
keep it you don't have like you having a
baby shirt is dope and it's Hello Kitty
she's like no no and she's like trying
to force me to go back to return it
because it was 120 bucks so you know
just just keep it please yeah now she
knows how much baby shirts cost last but
not least this might be my favorite babe
thing that I have I got this one from
sneaker con some guy was selling babe
jackets he had the poofy jacket which I
still need I swear I'm gonna get that
for this winter this is just dope to me
because it's not all babe camel the
adidas logo baked out like this is just
beautiful man this is this to me this is
the perfect adidas track jacket I love I
need the shoes man I need the shoes I
need the poofy jacket I need the whole
collection take my money now all right
guys that wraps up my bait collection
and that wraps up today's video I really
really hope you guys did enjoy if you
did I would appreciate you guys hitting
that thumbs up if for some reason you
happen to stumble upon my channel I
would really appreciate it if you guys
did subscribe and that's it thank you
guys for watching I'll see you tomorrow
peace
that's no bad mi5 know what we want to
do it go down if you ain't know we learn
in this that you can put a difference
when we do Grasso video no leads
