brown paper man like the lines have to
back back back back up I'm currently on
the way to meet up with Mickey real
quick because we have to take care of a
few things we've got some meetings and
we've got some you know top-secret plans
everything is top-secret you don't say
Middlebury oh I'm gonna meet up with
Mickey right now and we're getting the
day started off early I woke up at 10
a.m. 9 a.m. was my goal 10 a.m. was
still good it's like a let 1246 I was
supposed to meet him at 12:45 so I'm
running a little bit late because I had
to get gassed up at the bank yeah not
sure what the day has in store totally
yet but it should be a great day man and
I'm happy you guys are joining me so
yeah make sure you guys subscribe like
and subscribe before the blog even start
this thing on just not the confidential
meeting though I can't talk about what
we were just talking about but let's
just say big things coming things coming
this way guys was like doing a light
count on that video about my collection
I'm a dodj this one I'm not going to
have to do it to 27,000 only thirty
thousand guys to show not even his full
collection but just ten of his sneakers
just in person it's funny I started
thinking about it too so it's kind of
cool it can make more if you want it
means
I got stories yes I got stories for the
shoes for me it's more about the story
behind the shoe then just just a shooter
yes pre-sell yeah because they don't
even know like that you used to have
another sneaker shop before Mac market
two of them two of them yen and what
happened and things like that so yeah
maybe for the other thing we're working
on we have one where it's just you and
me you know summer I like that kind of
it
wait anyway I'm in a few car he borrows
this is far I haven't seen the panoramic
view through the collection we brighten
things up for you I was like to brighten
up your day oh wow go
oh my god I don't know about that pink
license plate frame brother's gonna be
gone let's just say fan what do you
think of the rap idea I showed you I
have a few so it's far you think so
honestly yeah you're going to get people
going bananas yeah did you jump on it no
that way there which was that way that
way about that
okay all right guys so I'm back at the
crib now and I did not show you guys
what really happened at mag because it
was more of like a meeting type of vibe
and I couldn't really vlog there and
yeah there wasn't really I wasn't really
looking around at any sneakers or
anything like that but I will tell you
guys this because I've been getting tons
of tweets of people asking if they can
buy the shoes that I plan to sell off of
me I'm not selling any personally like
through like social media and whatnot
I'm going to take all my sneakers to mag
park within the next few days and
consign them over there so there's a few
like I said that I will be giving away
those will be given away on my sneaker
channel crew kicks other than that most
of my sneakers will be taken to Mac Park
to be put on consignment if you want to
get it other than that I don't know what
else to tell you guys I'm sorry but I'm
not personally selling anything through
my social media or whatnot but anyway I
am going to just got ready I'm going to
go hit the gym now I really haven't been
talking about it too much because I just
feel like so much people talk smack to
me and things like that that it made me
not even want to prove them wrong like I
just want to do this for myself I'm not
doing it for anybody else but then I
also thought to myself like a lot of
people were planning to start their diet
and go to the gym with me so I'm doing
this for everybody who's also trying to
get back in shape and also trying to hit
the gym and change their lifestyles how
I'm going to start showing myself going
to the gym just so I can hopefully
motivate some of you guys if you are
like having struggles to get into the
gym having struggles of eating healthy I
mean hopefully my journey and and me
going to the gym and trying to eat
healthy will help motivate some of you
guys let's get it man don't make any
excuses today let's wake up early grind
hard that's what we've been doing this
week and that's what we're going to
continue to do despite what anybody says
to you man whether you got family
members making fun of you friends making
fun of you YouTube comments tweets
Instagram whatever it may be man the
only thing you need to do is make
yourself happy so whether you want to
stay at home and eat a pizza if that
that makes you have even do it me and my
crew we're gonna go get this man so
let's go to the gym I don't know
how much I'm going to film there but
yeah let's go so my brother-in-law gave
me this the other day I guess it's like
a healthy drink or whatever so I'm just
going to take a little bit of this
before going to the gym I'm also going
to take an Advil like just one Advil is
my head's a little hurt sometimes I
forget that I have my own apartment so I
can do things like this and spill it on
my babe carpet mosh pit today's vlog is
missing some fair amount of content this
is what I decided to do a Q&A with your
question let's go ahead and get into
this our first question comes from Mike
though I suck at names I always say this
when I read you get his name did you
play basketball in high school no I did
not play basketball in high school I was
into basketball starting my sophomore
year but when I tried to go to my open
gyms and tryout so the coach said no you
can't because you did not play freshman
year so after that I was kind of
discouraged and I was scared to try out
the year after that I know that was a
bad mindset but at the time I was really
like you know I was a nerd in high
school I was scared so I'm word of
advice to all you kids who are younger
and trying to play basketball in high
school is do not let anybody tell you no
if for some reason your coach doesn't
want you to play or won't let you try
out you keep going back and you prove to
them that you deserve to play on that
team do not let anybody stop you from
doing what you enjoy enjoy doing Chuy
asks when you come to shy town yes
Nico con Chicago is coming to Chicago
you dirt in fourth and we are bringing
the basketball hoops classic basketball
game with us what is it that inspires
you the most keep making vlogs and
beyond the YouTube grind are before
YouTube came out I used to make videos
put them on during family parties and
see my family laughs and see people
enjoy something I created and seeing
their reaction to it now I don't really
get to see your guys's reactions to my
videos but I still get tons of feedback
through the comments and tweets oh and
obviously the views let me know that
people are enjoying it so just seeing
other people enjoy my content makes me
want to create more I wouldn't be here
without you guys at the end of the day
so thank you Diego Garcia asks have the
drink vocals come in Google Cove our ask
with your favorite match of all time in
the WWE Kurt Angle vs. Shane McMahon at
the King of the Ring gjn says what
should a high school student do to look
fresh and get new kicks as a high school
student you want to enjoy you know your
youth but then you also want to realize
that your high school journey pretty
much is setting you up for your future
if you decide to like ignore that you're
going to be an adult after high school
and just kind of live in the moment
that's cool
but I know the most successful people
are the people that prepare themselves
beforehand so I would say you know try
to get a business mindset find a job or
maybe you know if you're really into
Snickers start reselling because
reselling will make you money to buy the
sneakers you want so if you might you
might buy a few Jordans and make maybe
thirty to fifty dollars off of each of
those Jordans but if you add that up
that's going to pay for your pair or
it's going to pay for your next sneaker
Jackson asks what sneaker is the most
memorable so I actually brought three
the easy two is very important to me
because this was the first expensive
sneaker that I bought I worked hard
saved my money this is the first easy I
ever bought obviously it wasn't last
second up is the autograph Big Sean's
because I personally got these
autographed by one of my favorite
artists base-jump the most most
important sneaker ever to me is this one
right here this is the variety 2k5 is
limited 650 pairs and to my knowledge
this is the only one that is signed by a
Kobe black mamba Bryant I met Kobe
Bryant at a gas station literally all
the way driving back to my hotel LA to
Orange County and when I got to the
freakin gas station to fill up the
rental car with my sister Kobe Bryant
was standing there filling up his gas
tank and I pulled these out I got to
talk to him for five minutes there's a
whole video on it on my crew kicks
channel so I'll link that down below if
you want to see the full story but
pretty much this shoe right here is
something that money
cannot replace Francisco that's fun to
say can you do a backflip so if you
could have a dream crew collaboration
with Jordan or adidas who would you pick
if I could pick to do a collaboration
with Jordan Brant I would do the Jordan
want collaboration to do with the data
I'm taking the adidas eqt with boosts
everything that's blue on this shoe I
would probably do camo or something
different maybe orange so it's kind of
like a shattered backboard but not
really and for this shoe I would
definitely keep it with a camel vibe as
well I make a camel a dark camel print
on the upper and then on the back on
this all of this keep this black and
this this thing that's infrared I would
make that orange if I had to choose
between one of them I'm going to tell
you guys this if I could choose which
one I would want to do it would be the
one but I feel like getting a collab
with Adidas is more realistic because I
feel like adidas gives a lot more
opportunities for people to get
collaborations and to and brands do
collaboration so I feel like this is
more realistic but if I had to choose it
would be the Jordan one but I gotta set
your goals high and one day I'm going to
get that collaboration so where does the
name dream crew come from dream crew but
he didn't play cute he put a C dream
crew okay so green crew came from a lot
of people don't know this like I've told
you I've been on YouTube for a lot of
years and for the first five or six
years I didn't know what to call my
audience you know everybody has their
name for their audience basically I
tweeted they love in the crew with the
sea because I was just treating the take
care they loved in the crew lyric but
somebody replied to me and they put they
love in the crew but they change the
scene to a queue and they put their
little star by correcting me and I was
like that's it so crew came from Drake
song came from one of my favorite songs
of all time which is the weekend and
Drake song so six square asks how did
you and Mina meet and where did you guys
meet
on Twitter alright guys so that's it for
the first two a that we have done was
not the first one but this is the first
of the new edition that I'm bringing to
you guys I'll do these every once in a
while as long as you guys like them if
you guys did like them let me know by
hitting that thumbs up and that's pretty
much going to do it for today's vlog
dream cruise thank you guys for watching
thank you guys for all your guys's
questions I appreciate it hopefully you
enjoyed and I'm outta here hey
