uh yeah so last night I you know I cut
my beard off pretty much this is the
first time my beard has been this short
probably in like two years three years
so I'm probably not going to show it now
I'm just kidding I'll show it to you
guys I'm not going to leave you hanging
like that this is what I look like with
not a clean shave but the shortest you
will see my beard and the reason why I
did this is kind of cuz it was like an
accident and also like kind of good for
your facial hair to just cut it off once
a while and let it regrow this is what I
look like with a very very short beard
which you guys are not really used to
seeing minutes I just woke up by the way
I'm really tired I look like a little I
look so ugly without facial hair I hate
I mean I'm ugly regardless I go from
Michael ugly six to like ugly 15 I'm
going to try to hold the camera at the
most complimenting angles today hey hope
everybody is having a fantastic Monday
it's Monday for you guys it's Sunday for
me it's Monday for you guys hope
everybody's having a great start to the
week let's try to make some goals for
the week let's start waking up early and
finishing our day stronger you know what
I'm saying I usually start editing I get
1 or 2 a.m. my new goal is to start
editing by the latest 11 p.m. and I want
to start waking up no later than 9:00
a.m. every single day today it was like
the test run I woke up at 9:45 I believe
and I actually forced myself out of it
so I've been up for the past hour I'm
actually going to probably go get some
breakfast at the Grove go check out
those new 13 lows because even though I
am trying to control my sneaker urges
and my spontaneous crazy heipiess
purchases I really really like these 13
rows a lot of other youtubers have been
you know selling their entire collection
apparently former Simpsons doing it has
kicks is doing it a few other guys are
doing it a few other guys have given
their opinion on those that topic I'm
not going to sit here and have a whole
long talk about it I mean respect to
each one of them for what they're doing
I understand both of their sides and I
think it's though for them to you know
start clean and do it for whatever
they're respected reason was so my
person myself I would never be able to
sell my entire sneaker collection
watching their
did kind of like make me think do I
really need sneakers to the ceiling you
know what I'm saying their sneakers down
here that don't even have places to fit
in here so I'm going to condense my
collection to a little bit smaller than
it is like these are here like why did I
buy these you know I was in New Orleans
the hype got to me I got to control
myself man don't worry I'm not selling
the whole thing that's not that's not
what I'm doing regardless if I put that
in the title or not that's not what I'm
doing okay now I look like crap I'm
gonna wake myself up and hopefully I
look a little better in the next scene
ready oh shoot we here
control yourself no nmds you don't need
this
Hong Kong oh yeah yeah
I don't know how but I controlled myself
so there's a Ross right here by Monroe
energy room I've never been here but I'm
gonna go look what they have to let you
guys know with Ross's and like Marshalls
and all those types of stores that are
like end up having like some crazy
skills like they found fragments at
Marshalls which I still don't know if
it's true or not but brah
we're cool look at the work front of
DJ's right here
bread fives right here here of Aloha
bands are you Wow
Tiffany Tuesday's I mean or is this
prime name just a 3-1 lead core is right
here as you guys can see they have fire
here but I'm going to control myself
guys I really need to control myself
hi guys so I actually passed on the city
sock because they kind of hurt Voki
there's like those two things the bricks
or the pods whatever they're called on
the bottom makes it really stiff and
they were kind of uncomfortable so I
want to get them unless I was going to
like be super super comfortable in them
so I passed that's how many sneakers did
I take ahead along today how many
seekers I pass on today I think I was
like before I think it's my fourth
sneaker so I'm doing pretty good there's
nothing in here I need to stop eating
out man that's one of my biggest
problems when it comes to this whole
diet thing is eating outside food so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
to Whole Foods and get some healthy food
hopefully yeah I just actually went and
played basketball two at the parkour
school is whatever might go again I like
playing indoor more cuz outdoors kind of
rough on my knees but this place
49/4 Milnes everything healthy is
expensive
firstly where's the candy
look at this I was putting groceries
away okay I got all my groceries up and
I just looked at that and I was like
what the hell is that and then I pressed
it and I realized water a water
dispenser we have Walker
I feel like holes like they found water
at the top of the mountain all right so
like I said earlier I am going to try to
get rid of my sneakers that I don't
really wear I've just stacked up on a
whole bunch of shoes and I just don't
wear them and as a sneakerhead shoes are
meant to be won don't just let them sit
there and that's just like an autograph
sneaker like those Kobe's right there
most of these shoes should be most of
these shoes need to have foots inside of
them you know saying let's start with
this side over here right off the bat I
found the pair that I need to get rid of
dead stock wave-wave five I believe
these are the 5s right this is one that
I'm going to give away I do have a few
thinkers to give away for Kirkuk so this
is going to be one of the sneakers I
give away these are still dead stop just
love the orange booths I'm going to keep
these because orange is my favorite
color
remind me to wear these soon these are
the eqt look white mountain earrings
these are the NMD white mountain
earrings and I don't need both of them
that would be dumb so I'm going to keep
these and I'm going to get rid of these
I really like these at first but they're
just not wearable I warm to Disneyland
with this shirt and it was like yeah
okay my Disneyland I could pull these
off but this blue cage if this was black
or if it wasn't there that it would have
been super dope but I regret I regret
wearing these because it decreased the
value of them but this is a shoe that I
have to get rid of haven't wore these
yet but these are not going anywhere
Jax I really need to get rid of these
this was probably the dumbest purchase
I've made all year long 200 in like $90
for these Air Force Ones that I probably
will never ever wear tag is still on
right there I'm gonna get rid of these
too much white I know that I can buy
these five years from now in this same
condition for super cheap so I'm going
to get rid of these because I don't need
them right now
the ones I got into by I'm keeping those
I have two pairs of zebras
you guys know but do I really need two
pairs like why this is a maybe I'm going
to hang on to these right now might see
them for a crazy giveaway when we reach
1 million subscribers or something maybe
zebra giveaway this is a tough choice
because this is a clean colorway but the
materials on here so this crease is
nasty I sort of got this shoe haunts me
I bought this shoe three times and I've
sold it every single time these are the
NYC Jordan ones I just don't
I never got around to wearing these like
I don't I want to keep these I sold them
twice already I feel bad for the shoe
this was the biggest waste of money
right here $400 for these man by disease
what do you guys have morning getting
ready knees either cyber Mondays or the
yin-yang but they can we keep the
evenings so you can get rid of these
because I have the one that's more black
on the open 17 pairs of shoes now I know
that doesn't sound like a lot compared
to all this but for me I feel like it's
a it's a good step hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you didn't I'm I don't
tell you make sure you guys conquer your
mondays and work hard grind hard I have
a goal for tomorrow that's to wake up no
later than 9:00 a.m. hit the gym get
ready I gotta meet with Mickey in the
afternoon and then at nighttime again
like a whole bunch of things are going
on tomorrow so that's it love you guys
thank you guys so much appreciate you
guys I'm out of here
Dream Cruise standout aside
