I don't know it's better
new car smell or new shoe smell get way
more shoes than cars though I smell look
the show smell a lot more
what's going on guys so starting today
at seoul supremacy because I need to
start the day off with behind a person
well I already bought them I just need
to pick them up sneakers that I've been
talking about and they hooked me up for
a really great price so had to come cop
it can't sleep yeah he's working like
two games it's like the right one okay
obviously not from that collection
always not no no this is a DS no they
got the all white so close how can you
see this is like how many pairs of these
are in the whole thing six pairs okay
Kenny and Sonia yeah - thirteen - 12 to
10 tinker and clothes have the black
ones in these no no wife oh great we got
a roof cameras with this camera right
here shows me everything around me so
let me back up here look at this as I'd
back up
it shows me backing up and it shows the
streets the technology on that it's
freaking crazy because you can literally
see everything I'm driving past like
watch this little corner that I'm about
to turn alright I'm going to turn right
and you'll see the little corner thing
and you'll see it right there you see
that tell me that's not crazy man that's
freaking dope talking wait like running
alright guys so you know with my cousin
Arvind yeah you know who do you know
driving the car for the first day we
already put 20,000 miles on it oh we can
I go to the family restaurant grab some
food to be hungry gotta go back know
your roots huh alright guys pull enough
to deal one on right now we got to get
that good home food you know I'm saying
let it be know
it's not our guys we've got to go on
right now it's been a minute even though
the other restaurant we have is like ten
minutes from my house okay
you'll go show everybody your sneaker
collection right Wow you got a great
lineup here yeah start out with these
because these fit you right now we got
the cherry 12 guys cherry 12 is actually
an OG player right we got these off eBay
what are your thoughts on this one do
you like those ones okay next up you're
gonna have to grow into these little bit
but she's got her identities right here
pirate black authentic or fake let us
know where you get this pair no okay no
don't need it this is these are real
these are from adidas we got some true
blues we got these for free remember the
guy us up from finish line this
is before you were born actually but
yeah here true blues what do you thought
your paired them and come with the Nike
Air on the back was that a
disappointment dinner need to be a
little bit order for the older cities
but we got the Concord what are your
thoughts on the Concord are you eleven
fan can't eat that these were custom
made by a crew member for you they gave
it to me at sneaker Con no don't because
there's glitter on there okay you got to
be a little bit older these are the big
issues you have you know we got to get
you in some days you and you're easy
some days air in your van so we got you
the Toy Story vent I got these four
years so these might be your favorite
you know what I'm saying I got you're
actually you're easy to but Toy Story
fans make sure you wear these these are
lit right here okay this is a maybe
sneaker con worthy to be honest with you
like these are fire still got the tags
on D s so I got the tags oh no don't eat
it don't eat it don't eat your sneakers
we don't need our sneakers you only wear
should we show them some of my fingers I
that I have here I got or the D thought
some do you like these not things you
can't
emptying out the white car before I head
to LA making sure there's nothing in
there that I need to take because this
is the last time you guys are going to
see this baby right here we had some
good times brother you've been replaced
and it is what it is man
all right guys about to head out it is a
little bit rainy but not too bad when I
hit the road
six hour drive to LA the area was good
man it's always good to see friends to
see the family see my niece and spend
time here but la is back to the grind
we'll be in LA in five four three two
one thing x-bow I love it let's just say
I love you take your car for a little
steam I have to link over that with the
got some food
the first that many logs in this car
yeah look how many freaking packages I
came home to four packages four packages
with open these up okay four packages
this one will say for life the needing
these for a while now finally ordered
them thank you Tony D for recommending
these to me hopefully I haven't turned
ammonia hopefully they're good you order
lies you also yay easy assembly wow this
is nice lighting test one
oh wow bright light white light wow this
is great
are you afraid of the dog I look like a
leprechaun all right well well since we
got lights we might as well you know do
in vlogs nigger unboxing okay so
probably got one light going on right
now
so when I'll have more like I have three
I have three lights I got three lights
but I only got one going on so this is
just a test run but basically this right
here I got these off of a homie who DM
me and you asked me if I wanted out
Jordan back that's not a realtor in
Vegas like a fake back oh here we go
that might give you a clue what these
are here's the problem let's house
smallest boxes this is not my side this
is a 7y this is base i so base today
this is for you i have yet to see these
in person so i'm really excited to see
these but it is just the youth size so
that kind of takes away from it but i
wanted to get it for her i cheat any man
ask for these I got these her because I
wanted her to have them so hope you
really didn't have a choice whether she
wanted these or not because I need her
to start you from me Wow I need the oh
my god first of all gear Kai's hope you
immune to enjoy the satin Tommy glad I
could look out for you again keep in
touch bro Instagram jade Safa shout out
to Jade I need to pay him I haven't paid
him yet that's how good of a duty is he
sent me these without me even paying him
yet but I'm going to pay him literally
as soon as I cut this camera off it oh
my god I'm so jealous man can't believe
she got these before me bro just like
the men's pair it is quilted on the
inside just like the men's pair they are
numbered on the inside so this is pair
what 47 of 301 so there's 301 women
youth pairs and then I believe there's
700 men's pairs so there's a total of a
thousand pairs of the satin Royals
alright guys so back home as you guys
obviously know and it feels good to be
back home every time I'm going for a few
days from LA I always get a little bit
more motivated and I come back and I
start grinding why why is that there and
we are about three weeks maybe two and a
half weeks away from what I believe is
going to be the biggest sneaker con of
2017 and the reason I say that is
because it is in the Bay Area my
hometown I haven't done an event in the
bay area since sneaker card last year we
cancelled the Bay Area show on the tour
which is upset a lot of people so we
definitely owed the Bay Area a lot of
love and we are going to do that I'm
going to be there and watch gee what
cost
Mina Harris raggedy Farouk the whole
entire crew from A to Z is going to be
that we are going to have not only
exclusive merch but multiple items area
I got you I promise you it's going to be
well worth it buy your tickets now or
buy them at the door sneaker con Santa
Clara Convention Center it's going to be
lit April 29th okay my crack my camera
is tweaking I'm going to end the vlog
right here before it's passes out again
thank you guys for watching this vlog I
love you guys I appreciate you guys hit
that thumbs up dream proof thank you
guys for watching all this vlog even if
it was long short whatever it may have
been I appreciate you guys for tuning in
and I'm outta here
dream crew peace out
