guys why is it frickin raining on the
day that I'm going to get a new car
we're at BMW right now and we're looking
at cars your colors well something great
those are the ones breathing here what
you can do wrap it wrap a rabbit like 5
million okay did that for every one
hundred years ago I write this the red
is like it's like a way more stronger
head than my last one thank you if I get
this I might be the first person to wrap
it the back I like the back to the other
trunk open
I know it's also missing
is one yeah that was dry yeah this one
and this is the handbrake
so yeah okay it's not over there my city
so I can go back
little forget stuff
so every time you search you get more
power in the research literature for
nano happiness
that was nice what you thinking boss man
it yes oh you got these two okay okay so
let me tell you guys why I'm not getting
dia it's official I'm not getting the i8
yet and the only one that they have that
they can get is a 20-17 with the red
body which is like the newest version
the other thing is that a new I ate
model is a rumor to come on next year
and that would be I would if I got I
ain't now I would totally regret it
because the new one comes out next year
supposedly and that one's like way more
improved so I'm going to wait it out I
only hate that available which is right
where did you get that from if I didn't
get I ate it was gonna be the Range
Rover but when I saw this because they
just told me about this I would take
this over the Range Rover because I
rather stick with BMW to be honest yeah
he was ready that time all you gotta do
forgive your new clock
you ready good okay she just woke up
just cranky we got the keys down I can't
believe this is mine oh my god oh my god
look how big it is breath I can't
believe I got like a SUV type car this
is so freaking that sound system on this
thing is crazy look this is a speaker
right there there's a speaker literally
in the front right there I'll show you
guys more detail on the on the car
probably tomorrow you got to take the
car off of Park
take it off of park and then we should
be on Drive and then we are good to go I
got to get used to driving such a big
car I'm so excited today man finally got
a new car man I got to tell you guys man
hard work pays off you can get anything
you want in this lifetime anything
anything you guys want to see how you
turn the light anything you guys want
men you work hard and you can get it you
can go buy your dream car you can buy
your dream house you can support your
family you can go in that dream vacation
whatever you want to do you can make it
come true
okay I got to drive and enjoy you guys
hopefully I don't get a ticket on my
first day because this thing is badass
so this is my new car let's take a look
alright guys so this is the new whip now
you guys are probably all wondering why
I chose this over the BMW I a I can
afford it I have to be smart I got rent
to pay now I got to pay for my car my
new car I've got bills to pay to like
got to be smart still so I didn't get
the i8 I got this which is still an
amazing car and I love it and I'm so
happy with it it's so comfortable one
thing that I really wanted to is I
really wanted to be comfortable in my
car and the i8 is dope but it's not
really an everyday car like you can't
the amount of times I drive is I would
put way too many miles on it this right
here this is going to be super
comfortable like sitting in LA traffic
super roomy long drive super roomy like
putting stuff in the back super roomy
some of the dope features are that it
parallel parks itself it has like sport
mode which is like like you can drive
crazy with it when I'm not going to do
that because I don't want to die
it is m-class so that means that like if
you know your cars you know about it if
you know cars you know how powerful this
thing is this thing is a beast man it's
not the soccer mom of BMWs I'm telling
you guys this car is freaking crazy and
what else one of the features is to have
I mean besides the fact that it has that
red interior which I love with suede
roofs and the pamorah panoramic roof top
I really loved it now the next question
is am I going to keep it this silver
color or am I going to wrap it and yes
I'm going to wrap it I'm looking to do
something crazy with it I don't know
what yet but leave your comments or
tweet me what you guys think I should do
with the car wrap and if any places in
LA that wrap cars want to help me take
care of that or hook me up let me know
because I don't really know any places
what are other features of this going to
have we've got the Tiptronic
sport mode instituted racing racing
seats sport sports see Wade on the roof
get another I know leather up here they
see the Pantheon depend on the
comfortable hard work pays off
I'm sure is the back this is the back
seat for the rest of the guys when they
come over and children alright guys so
that's it for today's vlog I know it was
kind of short but it was just based
around getting the new car which I'm
really really happy about I'm really
excited to have this car unfortunately
this weather is really crappy so like
the car still kind of dirty like even
though we got a detailed yesterday we're
probably going to go back to games hope
you try to get a detailed again but yeah
it's rainy so it's like been all like
there's a storm last night powers been
out cars dirty but we got a new whip so
see you guys tomorrow hit that thumbs up
again leave your comments I think I
think I should wrap the car I'm still
going to be in this outfit tomorrow cuz
just technically the next day so yeah
yeah
