alright guys obviously I'm in bag right
now and yesterday I told you guys that I
really need these and I got out no I'm
just kidding it's not my size a size 11
and a half hopefully my feet grow to 50
mickey actually has these that we you
know what I was thinking the other day -
well like you've never shown your
collection I know so why don't we bring
all your shoes here and do your
collection so much we were okay just
like how about your top ten okay and you
just you need to bring one of each shoe
you don't need to bring both they're so
easy they can hold up on him what we'll
do is doing out of my trunks up you're
down to do that are you going to make
them have like a certain amount of
thumbs up yeah let's do that
thumbs are healthy because I don't
really think people really want to like
see my collection I want to see your
collection I don't even know what you
have come true yeah nobody's seen it
we've seen you get broken we've seen you
break people we see your store we've
seen your car with everything you're
sticking election let's do thirty
thousand thirty thousand thumbs up and
we got we're going to see Mickey's top
ten sneakers in his collection I know
this is one of the sneakers he has not
this pair but this sneaker that I need I
need these these are so frickin like
there's probably no reviews of the show
on YouTube so a lot of people don't even
know that this exists this was a New
York exclusive JVC join my friend Cosmo
I think they still do it it's like how I
got my golf all-american yeah yeah sure
yeah yeah it's actually coming up with a
Jordan Brand send me to that what else
is like missing from your collection
just this I need those new satins
Iassogna ro R I need the safari pad I'm
saying like vault induce I need I still
need to complete all the easy the easy
one I don't have horrible
4:07 size and a half so there's 300 use
in the youth and then there's 700 men so
the thousand pairs total
so my man is right here where you from
again stop them
Stockton shout to Stockton shout out to
Ryan Nathan Justin Erica rap and stand
all the study about you but you say but
your brother tell ya 20 bucks 20 bucks
you got a bet more crap you got at least
100 elder fares sneakers probably
immediately alright guys so my stay at
mag was really really short because I
actually need to hit the road I'm doing
something which I haven't done in a very
very long time driving back home to the
Bay Area it's going to be a five to six
hour drive but I got to go home see my
family I haven't been in the bay for a
while so I'm gonna be there for a few
days I should be getting there probably
like 1 or 2 a.m. I'll check in with you
guys probably my first stop here we go
man trip back home
two hours in there was a little bit of
traffic on the grapevine which is like
the hill area before you get the actual
highway full actually technically
desired by the reason why I'm actually
driving this time and not flying is
because I need to take my car with me
because I was going to decide if I
wanted to get a new car I haven't fully
decided what I'm going to do yet that I
really wanted to get my dream car which
is about i8 the BMW i8 maybe that might
happen or maybe it won't and there's a
lot of deciding factors if I got it it
would pretty much be like a statement
that you can make your dreams possible
you can do any goal that you've wanted
to reach and I still want the car but if
I want to be smart I mean I could have
other priorities than I could spend that
money on something other than a car like
you know a future house or whatever it
may be
I don't know I'm not going to make a
huge countdown or hype over this like if
it happens that happens if it doesn't
happen you know keep it pushing and keep
grinding and get it later on in life you
know what I'm saying so we'll see what I
decide to do I will be taking my cards
at the dealership let's drive stay stay
off our phones and have a good Drive
well watch out big ass truck
go ahead go ahead
I am back home finally made it I made it
last night 3 a.m. I think I got home I
woke up early so I came over
Harris is back here since log check in
with him in a minute but we haven't seen
Harrison of Vogler since like November
of last year or something we're all
together here in the city just like old
times it feels great to be with the guys
back at it again I do crew yeah what's
up the drag vocals coming at you with
the Jordan here you see remains as well
look I'm gonna cook it I know you going
to cop so now we just wild in breath
alright guys so the reason why we
actually came to the city is because I
need to take a picture you're probably
wondering what's the help single picture
I will hint them that this picture has
something to do with the Bay Area
sneaker con merchandise but let's just
say top secret there's a drug vocal
cover how big hi guys so we just got the
picture done let's just say came out
perfect top secret right stop all the
speaker cone merch is top secret info
gets closer you come in town I'm there
come be in on Dan 29 what's the last EP
101 to whisper Ariel out here or LA
Angeles Los Angeles
number one right so yeah Viacom Bay Area
is going to be lit the merge that we're
working on crazy for dropping a collab
too but we can't talk about that top
secret whole Lighting's on fleek right
now alright guys so now we're actually
going to hit up Nike you know rituals we
got to go to night GOG to the mall check
out the stores there's a few new things
like SF has way more sneaker stores now
than they had back in the day when we
used to always come here like it's
always been just like actual sneaker
stores like Foot Locker Nike Adidas now
there's actually like consignment shops
out here so I don't know if I'm actually
going to check any of them i'll but if
we have time we might stop by like SF
traffic is crazy so i don't know i'm not
trying to get stuck on traffic so might
leave a little later or anything I don't
know but let's see what Nike has I doubt
they have anything crazy
the Nike employee just said means so I
gotta go because we got adidas on three
side gang oh look at the bra
wait for it
various p.m. LeBron guys this freaking
guy keeps following us like I don't know
where he came from
something's wrong with his hair like
what's wrong with their hair bro
this is the way let me show you guys
something tempered crystal Center
like 40 stories what happened
actually it's only like ether it's
pretty felt I'm supposed over there
still you because they won the champion
so I picked this for my bracket to win
everything agent that she lost
everything else 39 I got good Duke as
long as I really messed up my breakfast
Colin setting all of a sudden gone is it
yeah come on
wait I got a question did the drug
vocals come in no no all right you got
to go now yes let's go good families do
bro hey I was going man shout out the
cash out to the whole crew shut to my
board right here
hey talk to you guys man I'm going all
right brother did the drag vocals go bad
top secret
chill chill just look so we're not going
to go to any other stores out here in
San Francisco I'm going to go ahead at
school supremacy because you know we
always gotta stop there when we come
back home so I'll see you guys there
wait a raid oh I see you actually we're
yeah I'm so famous I'm not real
you just got but I'm trying Thomas right
well you have my number of em then you
ready to tell them you know well do the
other one how have you ever played with
them hidden uh the UM
No Oh that's why I give them a 102
motivating she doesn't even understand
the shots you don't take
and I like this here elation what we
didn't with them so I'm not 100 when
you're not when it's not
I don't we keep it all together by a
lawyer Oh little blonde we see no Ronnie
I disrespectful I can't do that alright
guys so we actually did pick up some
stuff from Seoul I got I double up on
what it is called zebra yeah so shout
out the supremacy Chavez Seoul steals
and I'll link this whole deal to cash
out everyone who signed up for schools
deals when I got the frags from there a
lot of people were messing with it and
you guys can get some steals on there so
make sure you guys sign up for that
output then description box down below
and I also got some vape shorts because
you guys didn't know on the soul steel
website they have bait - so it's like
freaking super cheap it's like the
cheapest place you'll get huh let me
show you the shorts right here fan will
hold it you know I've been on my babe
grind lately and wait what are you
holding up
yeah we can't see my bottom huh there's
nothing what you doing Oh John Cena let
me tell you guys something if you buy
bait though you got to go like this is a
double X this stuff is mix both
disciplines this is made for skinny
skinny people bruh so you know big
people like new in our diet has started
maybe in a year or so I'll be in Excel
but for skinny wieners yeah I might be
winner
hello
oh what a great mom so quickly I would
adore just get you can be like oh I'll
just watch
I'm out thank you for visiting a million
