what's going on guys another beautiful
day here in Los Angeles
so last night I drove back from Vegas I
mean what you didn't even drive back
with me they flew back in the morning
times on Sunday because they had to go
to a wedding but I drove back I got home
like at 1:30 a.m. and then I watched
WrestleMania because I didn't watch it
live which was it was amazing by the way
I watched WrestleMania until about 7:00
a.m. and then I went to sleep because I
was exhausted I woke up at 2:30 p.m.
when I woke up I was tripping out that's
the latest I've walked waking up forever
so yeah my day is pretty much like
halfway gone but we're still out and
about on Melrose Adidas right now trying
to you know see what's good I'm not
trying to spend any money because like I
just came back from Vegas to Philly so
we spent a lot of money left us here on
Melrose and then I'm gonna go back home
that maybe like two hours or so to go
watch Monday Night Raw so it's like
low-key chilly here in LA today but it's
like a good vibe you know what I'm
saying like it's one of those laid-back
Monday nights days I know I ate really
bad this past weekend so it needs to
make sure I go extra hard in the gym
tonight when I go I know a lot of people
were kind of disappointed in me say oh
you already broke the diet we didn't
break the diet you know we just had a
speed bump on the road to success we go
hard this week duh but we got to go
double harden it what
so this is a new mag collection right
here it's 3m you can't see obviously the
3m but very simple Magnolia Park and
then the part that 3m is the ma G and
the park I'll probably insert a picture
right here my favorite is the hoodie so
they got like this dope ass olive green
hoodie and it says Magnolia Park again
and the mag and the park is 3m alright
guys so I'm back at the crib now and I
don't know how this happens but within a
week I end up having a pile of trash
behind my door literally every single
week like there's no more room so I'm
going to take that out as you do like
one of those transition types of things
ready 1 2 3 then still there I got a
pair of sneakers one box
I'm not going to unbox these on crew
kicks and the reason for that is because
this story to why I bought these lies
here on crew crew TV because originally
this is a pair of sneakers that I had
already bought but um I I don't own them
anymore so I'll explain it to you guys
once I open it but it's my second time
buying these shoes let's do that now I'm
going to try something different and I
don't want to just unbox this with the
knife so I'm gonna unbox this with a
lighter
I don't know hopefully I don't burn my
house down is it working or what is
working stink stuff it's like opening it
but it's not like fully
all right i'ma stop that was a fail
unboxing is important it's a sneaker
that I've literally wanted for so long
now
Waimea for a good price has always been
really really really hard and I did buy
a pair before I bought a pair off eBay I
took an L I think it's a tout it was it
fake somebody stole them from in front
of my door I think that kind of gives
you a hint to what it is if you watch my
channel yeah it's just a dream ah these
right here man I'm really really happy
that I got the users you guys know
maggiorin wants fanatic like I have like
this whole row right here is all Jourdan
one we're adding another classic type
dope colorway of the Jordan one to much
more than one collection before I open
it I got to say where I got these from
because I didn't get them from eBay I
got these from a website called soul
Steel's so basically the website has
sneakers on there for steals like their
steals on there the reason why there's
so many steals on there is because it's
a membership website so basically you
need a membership and then you pay
monthly but you can purchase shoes that
are crazy for crazy steals but it's
literally the lowest you will find some
sneakers as far as resale price like
it's ridiculous I'm going to link them
down below if you guys want to sign up a
lot of people always ask me what fights
are legit and they always ask me like
always am I paying too much for this
shoe that shoe so when I do recommend a
site just know it's a site that I really
mess with and it's a trusted site that
you're not going to get screwed over and
you can get some steals but basically
it's $20 a month as shoes are way
cheaper than any other store and then
they also sell babe as well and they
restock every Sunday so $600 for
freaking Yeezy 750 $600 for Yeezy 750 so
yeah that's freaking crazy so yeah
basically Seoul steals crazy website
efficient box down below if you guys
want to check out the website and become
a member of that but yeah basically I
got these from there oh
yes let's just say last time I take your
elbow tonight finally men this was the
missing gem in my collection I needed
these as you guys can see that stamp of
approval fragment boys oh my god finally
finally finally patience guys patience
don't rush into buying sneakers sometime
you got to be patience wait for that
right price wait for that website that's
going to get you some steals this might
be the most hyped up Jordan one of all
time in my opinion this is definitely
one of my right it was on my list of
sneakers that I needed other than this
when it comes to Jordan ones now I need
the Royal satin ones but that's like a
new release but another Jordan one that
it's like impossible to find in my size
and they go for crazy amount is that
black in gold Jordan one that's going to
be my next Jordan one that I need
because this one was one that I was like
dying to get so yeah man shouts stole
steals again I'll link them down below
if you guys want to sign up I just want
to put these on my feet right now okay I
don't care what anyone says I just want
that really early but that's pretty much
like the reverse of it over the past few
days I've been like getting some crazy
sneakers where like I don't know I need
to relax I got rent to pay let me tell
you guys something your house is on fire
and you can only pick one of these which
one are you going for comment down below
that's a really tough choice to be
honest with you alright guys so I'm
about to call it a night right now I
have a lot of editing to do and other
things of that nature to be on the
computer and work and stuff like that
but really wasn't out that much today
like I told you guys earlier I woke up
late I've been at home mondays are
usually my day where I just stay home
and take care of whatever for the rest
of the week so I've been cleaning and
all that and I need to go down no more
sneaker pickups for a minute so that's
it man appreciate you guys hit that
thumbs up if you enjoyed today's video
nikka conve area is in less than three
weeks it's like three week so actually I
don't know the exact number of days but
I'm tripping what does it April April
29th sneaker company cacao bay area is
going to be so freakin crazy
we're working on the merch right now
there's going to be not a lot like
there'll be different options but there
won't be a lot of each item so
it's going to be crazy we'll talk more
about that later we'll talk more about a
lot of things that I got I got so much
work to do that I need to stop vlogging
right now yeah that's it I'm out of here
peace
