nothing
that's right guys so we are in Vegas
today we just took a little road trip
out here and it actually went by pretty
quick and you know our first stop has to
be a turban necessities unfortunately
okay where's on camera I know what you
do I know the owner of milk or okay what
do you mean our check I know the owner I
wish you I know thank you so much oh
it's really guys you know it's all good
I don't get invited to a lot of hugs no
I'm miserable
anyways I originally got a love out
describing shoes right now as you're
trying to redeem myself I didn't win
last time since then JC's not here but
it's all good besides our smaller item
yeah okay feel ready so yeah JP is not
here you did Phoenix for a thicker than
watch the throne I'm gonna start out by
showing you guys say heat already sighs
with these 3d runners from them it's not
the family's for $5,000 mr. bill pay
5,000 right yeah these ones right here
$5,000 we sure - if you don't know about
that your research come on I need this I
really want those cuties but I want to
pay no more than 300 for those honest a
go would air Mac so I just tried these
on but I showed it to the guys and they
all roasted me saying this looks like
I'm caught time to face my biggest enemy
$100 let's see what happens somebody
just won this machine so let's just say
it's hot and ready just like a little
fetus pizza
my man right here says he's gonna get
the W guard away
I took a li lost sixty bucks but I still
got a few five is left so I'm still
going to play what about you come over
I'm away till everyone clears the thing
and that's when I strike damn you don't
like the audience huh yeah I like the
audience builds a build pressure on you
windows in the keymaster
now I can read something yeah we solar
guys like them thank you for making my
visit boom Gucci and it's like a two
socks on but it's just an stuff I need
to clean my shoes and listen to szostak
call me on on YouTube mission fettuccine
you didn't start a genie
yeah like Alfredo yes my name afraid oh
you all love how they have the cred
protect at the register you know I'm
saying it has to bust out the cook not
just that they got a gift set
go I just fat at eating milkshakes is
healthy bro much protein die never
started crying alright guys so we are
officially again in Vegas shout out to
you and actually did end up buying some
sneakers so now we're actually going to
the Hooters hotel because we're going to
eat at Hooters Hooters actually invited
me and the guys to come watch one of the
NCAA games final four games at one of
the restaurants and I told them I'm
going to be in Vegas and I was like you
know what let's go watch the Oregon
versus the Mighty Ducks game right yes
especially Odie ha ha ha ha Oregon and
North Carolina game so we're gonna go
watch the game there grab some food
I've never been smoked really on my
first time in hooters bruh they're
cheese sticks phenomenal I know I'm on
my diet well let's just say when we are
on vacation fam oh we got to make it
exceptions you don't say well Hooters
invites you to come eat at the
restaurant you can't say no to their
wings fam you know say I'm gonna get
back on the gym ground Monday I said
don't make that excuse in my last
thought but let's just say you're in
Vegas huh can you blame me
that can never play me yeah is that that
pretty play yourself
you play yourself alright guys voters
now we just got our cheap second look at
it we literally got these two seconds to
go and it's only two of us because the
other knows about the timers
she said we hope you put the toy I had
to telecommute holidays you always
decide oh you want to get these big
teeth and I'll be walking again right
here right off of our thing I said
organs going to win and the reason why I
think organ is going to win it because
it is I don't watch any double-a that
much I only watch like the final 416 the
final game let me tell you something
you're the team of organ right in your
locker room and the Mamba walks in and
presents you all with the pair of
sneakers imagine how motivated you are
you can't let them all but down that's
why I think Oregon's going to win this
game and they're up and I'll even bet on
this game but if I bet I would have won
a lot of money alright guys so we just
finished up Hooters and let's just say
everybody is saying where's the diet how
come the diet will help them to the diet
it's April 1st April Fool's I never did
a diet nominee like I said guys we own a
little mini vacation I might cheat a
little that's not a good excuse it
really is it but Hooters invited me I'm
saying can't say no argument hey Lloyd
you mad ok guys so this is going to be
kind of like weird and out of the cuts
but I'm ending the vlog here and the
reason for that is because it is already
really late I just dropped off the guys
well I'm writing the vlog I got sure you
guys might pick up because I got these
from UN I showed them to you earlier of
Gotti's for a very very good price my
mountaineering very very dope as you
guys know I love this freaking shear
this is the shoe of the year but you'll
find out more about that later but
anyway I know it's a few days late but
we're here for Muniz birthday so it's
gonna be a good time man love you guys
see you tomorrow
