what's going on guys so I am at the
world-famous rocky go you used to watch
the vlog me Harrison swag used to always
make this our first stop when we would
come to Los Angeles now I know what you
guys are thinking what about the diet I
had to make an exception today because
my home is in town so I'm here with him
and we're going to eat here but I'm
going to take it easy I'm all going to
get some eggs and omelettes relaxed a
little bit
nothing crazy maybe a little bit of
chicken no waffles oh I'm not going to
cheat guys all right guys so on melrose
now I'm about to hit up a few store as
always I got to go to coolpix if you
guys don't know what cool kicks is it's
another sneaker shop that's here on
Melrose they have a sneaker that I've
been wanting for a while now that goes
for crazy amounts they're going to hook
me up so I'm going to go over there
still paying a pretty penny but if you
want the shoe you know you got to do it
getting it for retail what's up getting
it for retail is going to be literally
ridiculously impossible it is what it is
man I don't know I think they come up
tomorrow honestly I'm not sure you know
I'm you know you know me high peace Q
got to get the hyped up shoes
hi guys we just got inside cool cakes
these guys right here
what did you say they started a diet -
yeah I started with the cat the
stormshock term native of audience
dimension in in Tony's Daniel and the
whole yearbook huh he's got one more
guys one more shot - Becky rim
thank you can't - I bet um all the third
a lot of love a lot of box-to-box is
amazing
you
this is a second shoe that I need right
now man okay guys so I've seen this car
driving around la a few times but I've
never seen it up close in person
the owner is obviously not here this is
freaking ridiculous
so what is this like I could just pose
her here and it looks freaking crazy
like bro I can touch it
I touch it okay so I got to take a
picture with this of course I got to do
it for the gram but if I want to be
ultimate heipiess I got to put the cause
on right now and take the picture with
them because that would be my camera
stop that would be lit all right guys so
I'm on the bread right now and I'm about
to cut my hair I haven't cut my hair
since December of last year before Dubai
even though it's all over the place
right now there's gonna get remixed in
five four three two got a nice little
haircut for no reason I went to
undefeated embossed this bait mat you
know what I'm saying I don't want to get
anybody sick I don't know if I'm wearing
it upside down I think I'm wearing it
upside down I don't know but anyway I
check out the hair man it feels good to
have a light head no more beers very
very short I like it though I need to
trim the beard to I'm gonna do that a
little bit later tonight and I'm saying
because we are leaving town tomorrow and
since we're leaving town tomorrow I had
to buy a few things you know what I'm
saying and it's going to be an
interesting weekend it's gonna be a
little weird but I just bought a few
things like splurging on a Friday I got
the babe mask this one matches my
backpack so I thought it was pretty cool
like when I'm sick I'm gonna be rocking
this yesterday actually has a point
I went to OB oh we have to go to OB oh
so inclined I definitely really really
really really wanted it and it dropped
us like last week shout out to the ovo
store man it's got that Oviedo Jersey
right there super super queen on the
back it's got the six they gave me a
sticker to Braille or video store
flagship Los Angeles and then obviously
we have to get that cause bought the box
the packaging let me show you guys
exactly everything in this box because I
didn't feel you fully show you it's got
like that matte black finish with the
cause pause palms and stuff like that on
the inside tissue Air Jordan with the XX
eyes obviously I warm for that nice shot
I did earlier very very clean bro
quality is just freakin a one man a lot
of people are buying these and they're
flipping them if they're able to get
them I suggest not doing that I would
say hold on to them this is a shoe that
I guarantee you will regret selling
unless you're just straight about your
money and reselling grab me those
Elevens just one of those shoes bruh
like basically the same exact quality
like if you've seen this shoe in person
this is exactly what you should expect
from this year this one might be even a
little bit better as far as quote as far
as quality inside it says cause I think
right there yeah cause they put that
suede on the midsole that talks to you
it's just freaking crazy I'm really
happy I picked these up these are here
they starting to yellow at the bottom
like that matches the carpet look you
covers with a hang tag so this is the
hang tag and the cool thing about the
hang tag is that it's the same like
material as the shoe and if I can go to
the neck this side is a little furry
this side is like more of like a regular
suede this is the car that comes with
matte black just like the box cause
right there on on the shoe as a whole
bunch of writing you guys can screenshot
if you want to read Jordan band
celebrates the iconic Air Jordan 4 with
the premium materials details
craftsmanship and the cause signature
work and then here we have the dust bag
and the dust bag has that signature
cause logo with the air and on the
backside it's got the paws the palms
paws whatever yeah man they did not um
cut any corners when it comes to making
this this sneaker dough
these are freaking sick dude get a bowl
up in there and you guys can see how
it's like stitched but then it's like a
very dirty stitch which makes it look
super super crazy this cual like this is
not even leather which it usually is
weather or plastic this is suede as well
so that's why bends a little bit right
there no bro I just want you to see the
quality on here is ridiculous the glow
on here is ridiculous I'm not sure if
it's going to grow right now picture off
the light yeah did I glow great pickups
great pickups
what am i doing for the rest of the
night I need to pack I'm going to watch
the WWE Hall of Fame that was earlier
today I'm going to watch the rerun on
WWE Network just chill probably stayed
in home for the rest of the night eight
o'clock almost nine o'clock I think and
I'm pretty tired as if we've been go
I've been out all day so I know I was
gonna come over in a little bit so chill
relax and then yeah we'll talk to you in
a minute probably I don't know kind of
think of how I can change this changes
to the next clip probably is gonna pause
it there's a lot already bro there's a
line yes okay niggas are asleep about it
right go away for it I'll pay you I'll
be getting my own pair down the casement
come on you just offered my friend five
million dollars you got it no way yes
that's crazy
loose' is talking our yard any party
without her no way if you know anybody
selling cuz they're gonna be like
hotcakes over there if you know anybody
selling up here let me know oh yeah
almost a retail for free stuff online
research can't be more than like two
three hundred so yesterday i did buy the
karma grift
I think it's called I freaking love this
thing this thing right here the shops I
can get with it are freaking amazing
literally you just press this power
button
all those smooth out shots that you guys
saw me taking today we're coming from
this thing right here so this thing
right here how does this thing work so
basically I'm recording right now so
basically every time I move the camera
in any directions with the stick front
of the camera stays in that exact
position giving it a stable shot no
matter if I take the stick low or if I
stick to stick high it's going to pretty
much stay in that same position making
it a very very nice stabilizer I'm
really happy I bought this I'm going to
be able to do a lot of do put this my
favorite camera that I've ever owned is
a GoPro GoPro is the most compact you
can get the dopest shots you can attach
it to the dopest things and it's so
convenient I don't use it on a daily
basis for vlogging but when the scenario
is perfect and right I'm using the GoPro
and now that I got this thing thing
there's a lot more so this thing right
here can also attach to like your
backpack so
I'm going places and I just want to get
a shot of whatever's in front of me this
thing's coming with me and it's going to
get a stable last shot so it's not going
to be like bouncing around like it's
going to be so smooth or shout out the
GoPro this is not even a sponsored post
but yeah I really like your products
Tamar King alright guys so that's pretty
much it for today's vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed I really had a fun day today and
I know I haven't been doing my
notification dream crew hype piece of
the day I've been lagging on that so I
want to do it for today's episode so
common I mean tomorrow's episode so
comment down below if you're part of the
notification squad all you got to do is
turn on your notifications for this vlog
channel so every time I post a vlog you
could be one of the first people to see
it comment and possibly get a shout out
in tomorrow's vlog so if you want to get
a shout out leave an interesting comment
down below and let me know that you're
part of the notification crew and with
that being said I need to pack and get
ready because we are leaving bright and
early tomorrow on a road trip or going
on a little vacation fun trip this
weekend if you guys follow me on
snapchat and Instagram you're going to
100% know I'm going to be so peace
thanks for watching dream crew stay
classy action with good thing
