alright guys so obviously I'm starting
to vlog off pretty late the sky is black
I just left Ross they did not have any
heat in there I never have luck finding
like those Steel's that like or offs
people find like Easy's and whatnot I
found a few fire things though this is
the Jordan Levi's they found them at
Ross easy season boots found them at
Ross Gucci flip-flops
we got the semi-frozen Nike things I do
have a bone to pick with the big baller
brand that's gonna be the biggest you
know like the main attraction for
today's episode
basically man this is what happened ok
so back in I want to say it was August
long I ordered something from the big
ball of bran the first ever signature
sneaker from a high school student
lamellar ball now obviously it's not in
high school anymore he's playing
overseas I was like you know what I'm
gonna order these bad boys you know I'm
a sneaker youtuber technically so it's
like my duty to buy these and give a
review for you guys I'll whooping them
I'll check them out you know I'm saying
I think I'm trying to be better than
Michael Jordan so i pre-ordered the shoe
months ago and it was supposed to arrive
in December now it's January so I'm kind
of wondering like what's going on so I'm
gonna go home check my email check the
website and find out where the hell my
shoes are
let's also not forget the fact that it
paid $400 for these shoes a high school
basketball players shoes for $400 okay
so as you guys can see big baller brand
thank you for your purchase
hi Kai so we're getting your order ready
to be shipped and as you can see I got
the melo ball one $395 shipping was $5
California state tax $26 Los Angeles
County fact bro what must be what order
was placed on September 1st actually so
yeah let me correct myself I did make
the order on September 1st so let's go
back to the big baller brand website the
shirt prices I think are little too much
60 bucks 50 bucks 50 bucks a little
extra so here they are right here the
melo ball one's not sold out they still
got them pretty much every single size
available now let's read on right here
inspiration and ballin on another level
the melo ball one has arrived pre-order
available for a limited time no refunds
or exchanges shipping February 23rd
October November December January
February six months six months I'm
waiting for these I didn't even wait
that long when I ordered off of Yeezy
season so apparently there was a delay
cuz originally it said it was gonna get
him in December but here's the thing
that really pisses me off about this is
the fact that they didn't even notify me
that my but that I'm not even gonna get
the shoes like I gotta go on the website
and check it myself yo quick note I was
noticing this when I was editing and I
kind of feel like a hypocrite but not
really because there's kind of a
difference but there's been situations
when I had like online drops and I had
an expected delivery date on the website
and it didn't arrive to the people who
bought on time sorry about my hair like
I was in bed editing I kind of feel for
people now that we're complaining when
my merge didn't arrive on time it was
for us it was a shipping problem that
happened on Black Friday so everybody
got their orders a little bit late but
basically I know how it feels to order
something and want it to come at a
certain time and it doesn't come on that
time so I want to apologize on behalf of
myself mine was in a six-month delay you
know what I'm saying mind was like a
week or two delay so I I kind of
understand the situation and I
understand how you guys felt so that's
why I just wanted to throw it in there
that I am sorry because I I am sorry cuz
I know a lot of people are gonna call me
a hypocrite and try to point me out for
this but the difference between this and
that is that I actually did update you
guys on my Twitter with information on
updates of when the stuff should be
shipping and why there's delays and
stuff like that but the difference like
I said here is that they're not doing
that and it's I don't know where the
hell the shoes are and I don't even know
if I'm gonna get it in February so yeah
that's the difference here okay peace a
lot of people are probably gonna be like
oh you're why are you whining you know
I'm saying this isn't you're not really
getting scammed but it's just like you
gotta update your people the only thing
that really pisses me off about the
situation it's not really a scam unless
like you know I'm saying the shoes don't
come and other people get them or they
send me the wrong product or they just
took my money for no reason they took my
money they take the $400 it's already
gone I believe hopefully when the shoes
do come I will give you guys a review
and unboxing because I feel like a lot
of people are gonna be interested in the
shoe it being like the first ever you
know 16 year old or however old he is
it's its issue and a lot of people think
that I don't like the family I really do
like the brothers I think they're all
very talented lonzo's killing it as a
rookie he's doing a great job the other
two brothers playing overseas they're
making history I just think that Dad is
a little bit annoying and I don't know
he kind of has hyped up a lot of stuff
and I just feel like he couldn't let his
kids speak for themselves but obviously
he's a very smart genius because
everything he's doing has made them a
lot of freaking money so he knows what
he's doing the big baller brand is
is doing this thing I'm not gonna hate
on people who are succeeding I'm gonna
let them get their money you know I'm
saying so shout out to all of them but I
really hope that I get my shoes really
soon because I want to test them out I
want to play with them I want to see
what the hype is all about you know
anyway to give you guys something more
entertaining than just me sitting here
complaining which I'm pretty sure you
guys aren't gonna like I did get a
really crazy package from champ sports
yesterday they always send me crazy
stuff but yesterday they set the bar
real high and they sent me something
that I did not even expect so we are
gonna go to that right now and you know
time it is your boy just got a package
from champ sports and I have no idea
what it is let's go over here first of
all we've been too lazy to take these to
the trash these are empty but anyway
they sent me this right here and look
how big this is I think this is the
biggest box they've ever sent me they
didn't hit me up and tell me that yet
they're sending me anything which is
kind of weird because usually they do
but we're gonna bring this over here I
don't even think they're shoes in here
like I don't know I feel like this is
like a tombstone or something we just
gonna get right into it
future two champs as always for taking
care of the kid you know the saying this
box is like stapled shut that's how you
know it's something that needs to be
like you know that something heavy and
needs a lot of durability mmm that a
real word tear ability you don't know
which way it goes either oh my god no is
this a supreme guitar I haven't seen any
other youtubers unbox this either so I'm
like usually they other youtubers get it
and I'll know what it is cuz you know
spoiler alert vibes oh my god oh oh my
figure stuff
adidas oh my god I'm excited now I'm
excited adidas champ sports who we we
know game this is definitely like lead
guitar box or something we put it the
other way yes yeah yeah it could be a DJ
D alright had a little hole here we go
ready oh my god I told you it is a
freaking turn tail I told you what what
am I supposed to do this it looks like
I'm gonna be getting DJ lessons you boys
gonna DJ taking your calling you already
know Mickey you got the camel vibes
fading to the dark camel vibes this is a
hundred percent I mess with this this is
actually fired I wish it was a hoodie
it's a crewneck but it's still lit what
is this Wireless two and one audio
receiver and transmitter we got this
speaker right here this looks like it's
a pretty good speaker I don't know if we
should test it out right now or not but
hopefully it has bluetooth I don't see
why I wouldn't have this is a dost
bluetooth speaker yeah of course we got
some wires we got some more wires some
sneakers right here I'm not going to
look at those yet we got an nmd record
so it's got a nmd record Wow Wow
yo I definitely need a bigger apartment
with all this stuff that they've been
sending me but this is crazy
drop the needle on your exclusive nmd
camel vinyl and be inspired by two
instrumental tracks pulled from the
world of rich the kid check out the
exclusive collection available
exclusively at champ sports so we got
rich the kid right there
and oh I think that's the shoe they
might have sent me is uh nmd this is a
record player now let's get into this
sneaker these are the NMD Artoo's I like
the r2 and this is a retailing for $130
available at champ sports I'm dead
serious
I saw these at champ sports buy Mina's
house and I the camo attracted me
because they've never really put camera
on the NMD besides like the bait ones so
I was like bro these are actually lit
green colorway obviously glows goes with
the sweater they sent me I really like
I'm speechless like this is crazy anyway
back to you guys
Thank You champ sports and adidas again
for that that was really really dope I
want to show you guys something else
that I got in the mail I unboxed it off
the camera I don't know why but I got
four of them from my people over at
private label shout the private label
you know we did the collab last year
private label fanny packs man purses
whatever the hell you want to call them
so I'm not going to show you all of them
but I'm gonna show you my favorite one
is the camel one obviously but basically
this is what they rolled out with they
our limited edition they come in 4
colorways camo white navy blue and black
actually I might keep the black one I'm
not sure yet but basically let me show
you guys this because you know I'm
saying the wave of the fanny packs is
not going anywhere I think it's gonna be
strong in 2018 so this bag is actually
perfect this top zipper is your main
compartment at the top you know I'm
saying that's where I would put my
Nintendo switch with those vault
you know controllers pretty dope put
that in there it's perfect
also you can fit my I can also fill my
headphones which is pretty dope too on
top of that main little compartment you
also have two side compartments a zipper
right there zip right there charger
headphones whatever you want to put you
get a front one right there a little
small one breath mints you know whatever
you want to put in there and then you
got a dope velcro and then it opens up
right there so shout-out to my private
label family I'm not sure if these are
available online I will do my research
and if they are available online I will
put them in the description box down
below you know how we do things this is
how I personally would wear this one
anyway I'm gonna have some fun right now
because obviously I unbox that Adidas
package but I want to actually hook it
up now and I want to you know play some
of the music
all right I give up anyway guys that's
probably gonna be it for today's video
you know it was pretty short but you
know I'm saying like life is short so
subscribe cuz your boys the plug you
know I'm saying that's how we do tangs
out here alright that's it I'm out of
here
bye guys rollin
