white man bun Monday yo that you call me
man cuz I'm gonna have to move in with
you guys out there bro
they've taken our money bro i'ma just
drop the video project series proper I
know I saw that I told him oh I saw them
abolish in real man I told him about it
Oh
so starting the day at Sammy's cameras
trying to get some lights I've been here
before jackets and like they never had
any hopefully they happen today Tony G
actually who was fond of Hollywood
recommended these ones from me some see
if they have them if they don't have
ordering a mop Amazon they didn't happen
so ordering them online every time I
come here it makes me want to just get a
whole new set up for my camera so if I
get a new camera that means I have to
get a new laptop because my new camera
is going to end up being 4k Sony has
been killing it with their 4k cameras
and freaking Canon hasn't been releasing
any 4k camera so I would have to convert
from Canon to Sony which I really don't
want to do so it's kind of like spending
a lot of money it's probably and it cost
me close to 6 grand a lot of money but
then also I have to understand that this
is my life this is my career and in
order to make money you got to spend
money so remember that
so I decided to come to the gym midday
which I usually don't do but I've been
really really really feening to play
basketball like I've been dying to play
basketball even if I'm just shooting
around by myself like I really want to
just pick up a ball and shoot like I
miss it so much I got to give you guys
some advice because I feel like since
I'm on my new lifestyle diet type of
thingy that I'm doing I'm not really
dieting but I'm like watching what I eat
no soda no junk food trying to go to the
gym consistently the biggest and hardest
thing to get over is excuses excuses or
horrible they're not good for anyone
what I would do was I would be like okay
well I'm going to start eating healthy
after this weekend because this weekend
I'm going to New York and when I get
back then I'll start and in New York
would come and I eat hella bad in New
York and I'd get back and then Monday
when I'm back in LA I'd be like okay
well I ate back bad in New York
it's Monday this is my last bad meal or
I'd be like I got Matt home all day
today I did a lot of work I'm tired I'm
going to go to the gym tomorrow
basically I was giving myself excuses so
what you have to do what I have to do
what we have to do we got to cut out
excuses no more excuses guys instead of
saying tomorrow would do it today
instead of saying I'm going to start
this day just start now it's okay if you
break and you have a bad meal don't let
that be the reason why you continue to
have bad meals for the rest of the week
eliminate excuses that's the first step
now let's go to this gym and let's play
some basketball let's do some cardio
yo the gym was lit it felt so good to
play basketball my shot was broke at the
beginning but I got a hang of it your
boys getting back that jumper you know
what I'm saying but anyway we're at the
mall now I'm gonna meet Achmed here and
then we're going to go grub
shut up with cries man if I'm very used
to run YouTube man
tell me alive would you say we're going
to do this year we're gonna make it to a
million this year man that's not as well
thank you for hey Gordy man meeting you
you too
Carlos risks and needs that right there
I meant over there I see a good walking
in an echo chest care
goes you know to find you first
how dare you what the hell look at it
motor groans calm agree I know what I
watch youtube videos on my TV in their
4k
I thought it might decide all I never
knew beer can be defeated
 it simple alright guys so we come
home and we got a huge package and these
guys already opened it so I kind of know
it's in here but I haven't fully seen it
from what I saw I need what's under the
blankets over there you know what I'm
talking about this came at a perfect
time because let's just say I'm gonna
need this while I unbox this sneaker so
as you guys know WrestleManias around
the corner that kind of Julian oh I saw
you doing wrestling is around the corner
who's gonna win the championship this
day is gonna be my boy
tetralogy that someone void it's not
even fighting because we know what they
got another guy drops cousin
what's-his-name
Roman reigns Roman reigns is out
fighting for the belt who is that he's
fighting
Roman reigns fighting Undertaker my
brother Lesnar vs. Goldberg for the
championship well go over nine go whores
only can do two-minute fight someone get
brockless yeah alright so we're going to
unbox this right here this is when I
first saw images of this the peas of
this I was like I need these probably
couple of teeth I haven't seen the full
Syria lights on the bastion I'm not
neither nice because I'm using my
strength yeah equal argue over the gym
today oh my god
bad you've got that vintage WWE logo
right there obviously most of you guys
know that WWE did a collaboration with
Puma so this is another Puma sneaker and
Alexander John alright we're going to
open this bad boy up
I don't know a pair that because I know
there's multiple pair really yeah
there's like an undertaker pair Ultimate
Warrior pair I think there's a Ric Flair
pair so let's see which one this is
would I be doing this so sick it's like
a microphone and what is ooh it's a
microphone
hello okay we got a t-shirt oh is this
Andre the Giant
bruh Andre the Giant holding a Puma box
that's freaking it is okay we got one
shoe right here yeah the shoe shoes
follow us is going panel no see if it is
I just supposed to talk or something I
think so the inside of the box is sick
because it's like a right you hear that
hello you see you sitting on the bottom
but like when you did it all right there
oh no the inside of the box is a
wrestling ring as you guys can see right
there and then it's got like the
audience in the crowd speaker right here
I don't know what the speaker's supposed
to do but anyway the shoe itself is
super super simple
this right here is the Puma and then as
you guys can see right there on that
heel it's got like a gold microphone and
then I think that's the little dope
detail and you look like yeah
boom acquire this is the second prove
macleod resent me and on the back of the
shoe it's got that WWE logo which is so
freaking dope when you put take WWE and
you put it two of my favorite passions
you throw them together and go wrong
alright but this is the main part of the
shoe this is what makes the shoe is the
insert and look at that you got Andre
the Giant right there on the insert and
then I think each one that comes that
they sell I think these are all
available exclusively in Florida since
WrestleMania is in Florida I got some
exclusive leathers it's really good yeah
the leathers crazy got that WWE
trademark sticker so you know it's an
official product and then on the laces
it's just as Andre the Giant all over
the laces it comes with the extra pair
of white laces shout out to Puma for
sending me these they know I'm a huge
wrestling fan they hooked it up this is
my second pair of Pumas that they hook
me up with and they send me to fire pair
so far so we're doing pretty good and
yeah checking with the tongue like this
got that like gold I think that probably
has to do with like the championship
though I really like that they didn't do
too much with the shoe originals in for
like it's like you're doing the usual
where is it everyday shoe exactly when
it comes to wrestling to like the
wrestlers outfits are not that subtle so
it's like you would expect it to be
super crazy design but I like that they
went with something simple I mean the
inside of the shoe is where it goes
create different elements on your a
giant name so two different inserts
there's an undertaker one I really want
to try to get the Undertaker one because
it comes with like a casket ball no yeah
and that one is like super limited I
think it cost like five hundred dollars
shout out to Puma again appreciate these
these are freaking dope I'm going to
wear these probably Sunday for
Wrestlemania low-key
we can go
