but with us from San Diego we go
whatever are all the time oh yes
one day I don't wear a freaking hat and
it's windy as hell what's going on
everybody hope everybody's having a
fantastic day it is beautiful out here
in Los Angeles I am on Rodeo Drive
because tomorrow is Mina's birthday and
as you guys know I got her the early
birthday gift I got her two zebras I'm
wearing right now
I want to get her more though because
she got me a lot of things on my
birthday she got me shoes she took me to
dinner she got me a YSL backpack so I'm
actually going to go to why it's Elle
because I know she wants to backpack
because we are doing a lot of traveling
within the next few months so I kind of
want to see if there's any nice
backpacks for her girls are ten times
harder to shop for than guys
so we'll see hopefully I can find a
backpack before I came here though I did
do a few other things I went to the gym
yes and I did eat healthy
and then I came home and I got a package
which I've been waiting for for a very
very long time
Oh
and now we're here on Rodeo Drive so
let's go into YSL see what they have
I
okay that was a big L that was the men
store they do have like backpacks that
women could wear there was an ugly-ass
backpack like YSL is dope I really like
my backpack that she got me it's like
the camel one all the other ones that
like they look like Jam sports with
stars on our buses it's not worth it if
I don't get her backpack I think I'm
going to go get her at MacBook because
that's something else that she keeps
mentioning that she wanted the pink
MacBook Air I think she just wants it
cuz this pink
like
so I ended up getting her a nice little
passport holder passionnel wanted Chanel
person would match and as I said we are
traveling internationally psychic on
London at the end of May so we got a
swagger out I got a goyard one so I'm a
getter Chanel one even though she said
me getting a goliard passport holder it
was probably the dumbest thing ever
I think she's going to change your mind
when she gets the Chanel passport holder
it's pretty swaggy when we go shopping
together and I point stuff out
she literally says everything I point
out is ugly so it's really scary
shopping for her
subway healthy meals man no joke food
from at Nike now and I'm trying to get
some new workout clothes I really like
the soccer stuff because all the soccer
stuff when it comes to like shorts and
pants
they all have zippers and zippers are
crucial almost here - he's in town for a
few days and I like these ones but they
they kind of remind me of the adidas
ones I bought this morning I bought that
beateth Alexander Wang
collection number three I got the shorts
and the soccer jersey from there trying
to see if they have these ones in my
size it's like a short but then it gets
tight around the knee so it's like a
it's a crazy fit I'm not going to try
them on now but I'm just going to buy
them and hopefully they work out since
I'm on mine all of a sudden the diet
starts tomorrow grime I'm such a
disappointment my dad wanted me to play
soccer my entire life but I never did I
wish I was a soccer player I would be so
wrong
I'd probably be in shape too these are
freaking sick right here they made
soccer shoes that look like air maxes
which is crazy these are dope they got
these ones too these looks like the 90
parts I think in like 95 oh my god guy
Mena just texted me right now
and she just told me guys I've been
waiting for this for so freaking long I
can't believe this Brothers is so dope
I'm literally going to piss my pants
right now this is so freaking crazy to
me we're verified on Instagram Oh bear
baby verified on Twitter and now we're
verified on Instagram and I have no idea
how it happened but I know there was a
few people trying to make it happen and
crazy it might have been a just see
signed my contract with my YouTube
network so that is possibly one of the
ways that it could have happened on top
of that I did have like other companies
that I work with trying to get me
verified so this is just freakin crazy
bro we're verified the best thing about
being verified if you guys don't know is
when you watch someone's story besides
the fact that it's going to separate me
from like fake accounts that's like the
main thing when it comes to the verified
account but then on top of that is when
you're watching someone's story if
they're verified they can put a link in
their story and you swipe up and it
takes you right to the link when new
merch comes out or when I post a new
video all I have to say is swipe up
rather than link and buy oh you know
what I'm saying dude that's crazy I'm so
juiced shout out to whoever helped me
get verified when it comes to getting
verified a lot of people always wonder
what what does it take to be verified
and honestly from what I
learned with my experiences it's not
about who you are it's about who you
know gotta have like friends or someone
connected to Instagram to make it happen
but that was just crazy and I'm finally
verified baby I know it really doesn't
mean anything but it also means a lot
especially since my whole career is
pretty much through YouTube and social
media so this is a huge deal to me I got
a screenshot it and brag to all my
friends now oh my god
alright guys check out this hair guys
it's finally getting out of the awkward
stages a little bit this vlog was kind
of short all marked here he's editing
his vlog for his channel
I was going to do it you want to do this
pick out the 5s your favorite speakers
in my collection your favorite know your
five favorite in my collection that of
all these what are your five favorite
holy crucifixion so can we even help you
guys we eating healthy power to rise is
regular there's no got up with the
zebras that's one the og energy and I
just like it because of the blue red
also they go home anyway
all five movie ideas look we've got a
happy for sure that I still looking for
all three stop days for sure just about
five I really like this because I love
multi color so you gotta keep these in
there even though collected their kids
brawny to really eaters one wrong with
me alright let's go with which one you
think I will take by 100 the threes Oh
twelve holy eleven at eleven and a
collection Soph I'm not so sure
pretty good to the fundraiser yeah three
eaters to Jordans and you given yours so
just put the e cuties on for the first
time and they're actually really
comfortable obviously it's all boost but
it's still really comfortable eqt libras
childhood Jesus they sent me this they
said to talk to you people they sent it
to boost guard Tony D when you put both
hormones come shop nice videos there's
so many shoes I need to wear the Israel
here are worthy
pre-order has ended alright guys so
that's it going to end the vlog here
might be a little bit short but that's
because I got to go to sleep it's like
almost 2 a.m. and I got to wake up at
5:30 a.m. leave my apartment by 6 a.m.
and go pick up Mina because it's her
birthday and we got a long day plan what
kind of gift it up for bags like very
very pretty
I'm a good gift wrapper wrapper so yeah
I'm gonna go to sleep thank you guys for
watching I'll give you guys an update on
crew kicks and what's going on with it
and why I have it uploaded it in
tomorrow's vlog I also need to announce
3 winners from that Kyrie giveaway
giveaway I've already picked them I need
to email them and I have ton more
giveaways to giveaway I think I have to
give away like 10 sneakers or so so
don't worry I'm not going to lag on you
guys but I'll give you an update soon so
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow peace
thumbs up
