today is Ermac day March 26 2017 but to
me it is the second and final day to
pre-order your the diet starts tomorrow
merch available now at dream crew calm
go buy it I'm going to promote it a few
times in today's vlog
what is airmax Day Air Mags Day is an
annual celebration of one of the most
iconic sneakers and technologies of all
time how many pairs of Air Max sneakers
do I have zero
how many sneakers with air do I have a
lot I have my own opinion you know I
don't know how to say that I always have
such a bad time explaining stuff with
this Thank You situation I like Nike I
wear a lot of nice it is what it is
meant that I am NOT I am an aunt
compared to how big Nike is Nike has
acknowledged me in the past as far as
you know gifting me package a couple
weeks ago or a couple of logs ago I
haven't been invited to the certain
events that I wanted to be invited to to
vlog coverage for you guys and things
like that I want to be invited to like
launch events and and those types of
events and there was event like a couple
days ago or last weekend out here in LA
and I wasn't invited to and I was kind
of crapped out about that and it just
sucks but it is what it is men at the
end of the day you got to keep busting
your ass and working harder and trying
to get your out or your own
opportunities rather than trying to make
people feel sorry for you and I'm
definitely not trying to do that so it's
just any time I'm not invited to
something to any event or thing like
that that I wish I was invited to I just
take it as a little bit of more
motivation to work my ass off grind
harder and be in that position later on
down the road so we are invited to the
Nike Air Max event tonight a lot of my
friends have been invited a lot of
people I know have been invited so it
should be dope I'm gonna start getting
ready because it starts in an hour but
I've met on the guest list with me so a
shout out to Shan Shan actually from
round 2 who was part of the whole Air
Max voting is the one that reached out
to me and asked me if I wanted to come
so he's the one that got me on the list
Thank You Shan I hope all you guys voted
for him and I really really really hope
that he wins the competition which has
already ended by the way so you can't
vote anymore but
yeah shout out to him and I'm excited
Mickey's gonna be there he got on the
list from someone else and I think
Blake's going to be there Blake lender I
don't know if there's a jurisdiction but
he's going to be here
so yeah yes and we dope so yeah what
shoes am I going to wear though okay so
obviously I can't wear anything in this
these containers right here Jordan that
could work but let's just go with the
regular suit
you know what Cameron do this though
three wow what a cool shirt dream co.com
available now all right so we got these
right here this is one option for your
keyword goes wrong I'm going up there
kind of like brownish by I didn't think
I'd ever wear these but tonight might be
that night well this one has nice qierre
on the back Oh does that Wow we'll stick
with very late night all right
please do right here they're going to be
my three options for tonight at all I
mean it depends on what I'm wearing it's
just a way Karachi gotta get fire we do
to the others meet your alpha didn't
know issues the way he doesn't have too
many Nike so this will busted out the
Roche runs the same rows one run he was
I I met him dag that heavy had these
freakin Roche runs on oh my god and he I
made him swap the laces out cuz he had
white Lisa had allies ironically through
you look at the bottom the bottom is be
wafted in the top yeah I know
surely a big month rule on these
industry box tonight we're on the way to
the Nike event right now the entire kick
is a lot of being
let's make some connections Oh give us
your contact hi guys
to say to get in there just off of the
doors they kiss my air that tend to let
you into space private event
new hair back knit and walked out this
little thing I hear you're going to do
it I want to do a different anything to
take those or us off I feel like they
just put bubble wrap at the bottom of
you how to line some friends and like
little things like so we also got our
gate so this is LaBrea right here this
is like we're undefeated or undefeated
right here undefeated in like OBO is and
they got a freaking stage over here they
got a stage in the middle of the street
right there and like smoke and rumor has
it that Travis thought is performing I'm
so juice because if Travis God is
performing I'm going in the freaking
mosh pit he'll go crazy for us 300 so
excited though there's like a long line
to get into like some cake so that's
yeah this video these guys let's do it
on Blake play bass I gotta get back in
line
about to go back outside the strata
stockpile our formula and we are you
freaking oh my girl we gotta was really
fun away house through the corner of
round two one out there mountable for
context and you make me want to remind
this guy talking about it in LA
well because we have La Crosse's oh no
the open curator
oh yeah now we're in the official please
go back in the paper - oh I have
actually won the whole thing that was
great
so does everybody prolific for the place
oh my god guys I was freaking crazy bro
oh it was late Rob Rick it was late we
should go away to the full time joke
don't worry when I get to the front
taken well that was probably what is it
Kirk you wanted I've never been yo shut
off Bekir and thank you very man thank
you
so we're not taking it over we're
actually walking we're really really
hungry let's just say the diet starts so
I got to control myself
i'ma go to the gym in the morning so and
this was low key and exercise no 100%
okay yes okay okay I was standing like
this at a point like young I'd know Cujo
he won't even touch my god could you
kept moving back and forth it was
ridiculous but it was crazy it was one
of the most current concerts I've ever
been to and it was like in even it was
unexpected and that was the best part
so we heard rumors that he was going to
perform but it was like a regular Nike
event so the fact that we just went
outside and there was that outside like
performance thing was crazy we didn't
really network with anybody it was like
it was a lot of new faces the vibe was
just like okay so there was a line right
and nobody wanted to send to the likes
with everyone thought there were
something yeah because I wasn't here
yeah everybody pulled up and there was a
line even though it was a private event
there is a line there was like a section
for like the VIPs on the side and that's
what we had we had VIP and then there
was the regular crowd that they let in
around 11:30 to see the crema Scott and
we decided to go to the regular crowds
because the VIP is like people just
standing there who think they're too
fool to you know dance and get turnt and
we didn't want to be part of that vibe
we wanted to be part of the like going
crazy turn Marshall and it's having fun
so yeah as you guys saw the vlogs or if
you saw my snapchat so it has kind of
stuck that out Shawn for inviting us
issues that's crazy the shoe that he
designed one so that means issues going
to actually come out that's one of my
goals is to have my own shoe hopefully
when they all have mine but it's
training to see someone else get their
vision created because that you know it
gives me hope that's why I was so
supportive of this whole thing is
because I'd love to see other people
succeed I'm not one of those people that
hates for no reason so it's pretty dope
and when it comes to the what is called
the vapor Max hyper nike vapor max yeah
the vapor Mac you know I'm not one of
those people I've always told you guys
this I'm not going to promote a shoe
unless I really mess with it I was
offered money by a company to promote
that shoe and I turned it down and the
reason for that is I told the company
straight up like I'm not going to
promote a shoe that I don't mess with
ASIMO shoes that I would really rock
because I know my audience really
respects my opinion when it comes to
that Nike Vapor Max it might be
comfortable I didn't try it on that
mattress no it was really comfortable
putting the shoe in like first I was
really comfortable going to start
walking I felt like the puppet bubbles
I'm sure you gotta break it in two so
we're not going to bash it I'm also not
going to promote a shoe just because I'm
getting money for it so I'll keep it
real with you guys who do my gym crew
friends anyway
you got one more data pre-orders the
juku merge so make sure you guys do that
I'm dying my hand is hurting right now
so checking within with you guys when we
get home I'm so gas you right now it's
the first time I've been out all day so
like fresh air
I'm guessing where's my car
oh I'm gonna call it a night but again
today is the last day to preorder your
diet starts tomorrow merge that is
available now on dream KU comm so make
sure you guys hop on it ASAP where's my
phone in I don't know my phone's on
charge because then it will be gone
forever
and yeah it's freaky shout-out to
everybody who has bought the merch
already I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog I'm out of here I'm dead
I'm sorry
you
