all right what's going on dream crew
family as you guys may know the diet has
officially started today March 25th now
I've had a pretty rough week but we're
always moving forward role is thinking
about the future as you guys know this
whole hype that I've been building is
around the diet starts tomorrow and that
I've been saying that I'm starting it on
the 25th and then this morning I
released a video and it was pretty much
promoting this new online drop preorder
for 48 hours of the new diet starts
tomorrow collection which includes this
hat right here my favorite product the
first ever dream crew phone case which
is dyestuffs tomorrow with the logo
right there so all of a sudden fad diet
starts tomorrow t-shirt and some pins we
got some pins for the first time
remember as well basically you guys have
40 hours to order your product now
people are asking am I really going to
do the diet or was this all just a
scheme to release your merch and it's a
little bit of both
basically I am going to start my diet
today I've been wanting to start it but
I haven't consistently been able to get
my mind right and I know that's not an
excuse but for me that's just how I work
and I'm going to start officially
starting today so hopefully you guys if
you don't buy any merch you still I can
motivate some of you guys to get into
the gym who who have been lacking
motivation just like myself we could do
it together so whether you buy the merch
or not let's make that diet start today
let's go ahead and get into it today's
vlog actually consists of three
different days from this past week so or
the first day we're going to show you
guys is the video shoot from this
morning so this morning again we
released that video but that video was
not perfect
it wasn't even 10% of what we wanted it
to be yeah it was kind of like a big L
yeah this is the behind the scenes of
the video shoot
so today is a very very big day I'm with
GF proof we were filming promo video for
the new line all of a sudden Sam died
start tomorrow it's actually Thursday
but this video is going up Saturday
because I can't post it Friday because I
can't show the new merch until Saturday
when it goes for sale go watch that
video I'm going to link it down below
and come back here and finish watching
this scale so you can see the making of
it
this is numerous this is the first ever
phone case we made so this is for sale
this shirt for sale this hat is for sale
review design store tomorrow
I've been hyping this guys for us
tomorrow stuff up for a while now and
now you guys know what the 25th really
meant what a look this is the first time
we've done a release online of any merch
where we're making a promo video for it
we decided to do this just so we can
kind of like build some hype as well as
just make a dope video to go along with
the merch so the theme of the merch is
something which people started
commenting on my videos because they
said I was getting getting a little
chubby or whatnot people were starting
saying Christ always says that the diet
starts tomorrow and then all the comment
started stacking up with people saying
oh Christ the time to do is to say the
diet starts tomorrow blah blah blah all
this stuff so I said you know what
people want to make fun of me how about
turn it into some merch so what I did is
we released what we're doing is we're
releasing this video that we're filming
today at 9:00 a.m. and then literally at
the end of the video we're going to say
now you can go pre-order this merch
right now for 48 hours so you have 48
hours to go pre-order so all of a sudden
Sam the diet starts tomorrow work and
the concept behind the video is pretty
much we went through our old purchases
online in the LA area and we found a few
people who have bought stuff from the
past and we hit that we contacted them
and we didn't tell them what we're doing
all we said is that we have a surprise
for you guys stay home between these
hours and we're going to come surprise
you guys so they don't know any
information so yeah we're going to go
hit these people up Surprise them and
we're going to give them their t-shirt
which is the same exact one that they
can pre-order online they get first dibs
on it with
a pizza box so let me go show you guys
the pizza box we haven't decided yet if
the pizza boxes are going to be for sale
but right now these ones are just
promotional so this is the teacher box
right here so we're going to actually go
deliver these and look at this we
actually have a piece of delivery thingy
on our car and it says dream crew on one
side the diet starts tomorrow will cost
right there all the set of them like
look how lik this is like we're going
all out like our budget on this video
there was none deal there is the budget
oh yeah that way we didn't get a Ferrari
to the video there that's why we have to
use our own car for home ready school
right
all business alright guys so we just
filmed the opening scene right now for
roots in the driver scene so all the
drones flash GoPro stock shot see see
they're actually fruit driving it's not
me but shout-out to the three guys
driving in the back we're going to the
first person's house that we're going to
deliver to we're going to try to hit up
three people today okay so we just took
our second actual hell because I'm
recording this equip basically we went
to the first person's house they weren't
home apparently he said he was going to
be home but I guess he was at home he's
at a friend's house or something so we
missed out we're on to the next house
which is in North Hollywood leaving
Beverly home so it didn't take us about
30 minutes to get there because of LA
traffic but we're on the way hopefully
the second person doesn't handle sub-l
either actually we just called them so
they should be home and the next one
should be good
go to my last pizza delivery are you
doing broke and getting is good good
well tomorrow's because we come in that
Yes Minister
all the people you know I always enter
your rifles and everything I don't win
but you know there's always hope yes it
is a day yes obviously I thank you for
this
it means a lot you want to spend it
really cameras are gonna shout out to
the crew shout out to my boy ovo leo his
birthday this Saturday another coil crew
member yeah thank you guys for this
opportunity that means a lot better
thank you so we owe you came to the
drink a lot of the my god it was a
pretty special watching yeah yeah
although the scientist alright guys so
the second house was a success which was
dope I'm happy we came to him and now we
are going to downtown area MN got like a
40-minute drive though again shot so
daily traffic polka Madero what's going
on
who's the person who's the person you go
you get to keep that as you can see I
got it on - so your crew loyal so we
have to take you up there you go man
thank you for supporting going chat to
Lorenzo and then you sure yeah alright
okay guys so the second house was a
success - for three we're going to our
last house right now this is actually
the first kid that we went to we're
going to go back to his house he should
be home by now
we just passed by whole bunch I ate too
much to say motivational Monday even
though it's Thursday we just went to the
other guy's house again and he still was
in here so this guy gave us two elves in
one day so we're trying to see what
we're going to do because our timing is
really really off now
we might not even be able to hit up
another person today so yeah things
aren't going as planned
okay so as you guys can see I was
frustrated towards the end of the vlog
so we cut it off and you don't see what
happened after that after that actually
hung out with Ross and we went to
Melrose and that's from either last long
you saw now I want to take you back a
few days before that day which when is
when I was really really sick out and I
was at home but I still got a package
from adidas so I unboxed the package so
let's rewind to what they sent me now
you're probably wondering why I'm not
doing this on cream cakes for the
unboxing and it's just because like I
have no idea what's going on with
cookies right now this is pretty heavy
honestly it's like every years in a
usual package so I don't know if it's a
pair of sneaker or clothes or what but
I'm really excited to see what it could
be and oh now I think I know what it is
I'm not sure who thought this I know who
still probably got this but basically on
the box it says brand adidas original
season spring summer 2017 product eqt so
we got an e cutie right here the e QT
with the boost is like the shoe of the
year in my opinion it's like so damn
comfortable and this is the one with the
boost I'll be so happy but if it's not
I'll still be happy because I like the
other color other ones too so am i
opening this upside down here we go
Omar what's good for me wanted to get
you some fire headed into the spring and
this package is the adv primeknit
sincerely adidas Originals so thank you
adidas for the package as you guys know
adidas is like my favorite brand right
now so anytime I can get something from
them it's just freaking crazy to me got
that red right there
wow that is crazy
look at this packaging man this is
freaking dull so basically on this
little glass it has like a rope you guys
could see what I have riding on there
this isn't the one with boost but this
is the one with primeknit upper this
black and white primeknit upper and
these are freaking don't check these out
shout-out to adidas man appreciate the
love you guys know
but it it is hard and I actually really
like these I mean they're not boost
because you know boost of life still a
dopey cutie and I think the holy cutie
line has been really really dope I
really love the box I love when I get
special packaging wow I'm really
interested to see how these ones fit
compared to the other duties I have it
obviously it doesn't have boost so I'm
interested to see how comfortable they
are again anytime I get a package from
one of my favorite brands it's like a
blessing I'm just so grateful and it's
more motive it's super motivating for me
to you know get packages from brands
which I support and I buy their product
and then to get it to me and get me this
it's just unbelievable this is freaking
dope and I really really appreciate this
super super sick because I'm super juice
I'm really that really made my day
I know it's their next day and I just
promoted adidas it's not bad the last
and final few Clips that I'm going to
show you guys is when I went with Rasha
to the Grove and I bought something
that's uh something that's pretty pretty
much wanted for a while now and this
just this is not that much but check it
out what's going on guys so another
beautiful day in Los Angeles I'm here
with muddy cakes I'm taking them to the
Grove for the first time what do you
think that's it I love it the Grove is
like my second home we're going to go
grab some food the rest of the guys are
going to link up with us later we might
hit up Hollywood he like day one we got
to make day two epic as well I won't
dunk on him today don't worry Oh Doug
all guys they got the snapchat
spectacles at the Grove I'm getting one
right now bro I need this what color
should I get this putter yeah black
we're all so you can do virtual try on
yonder there's black still I like with
your buttons on it I thought you gonna
pop open
all right guys faction snapchat
spectacles are all installed and ready
to use
coming soon with you well maybe if I
make it a gold coin oh yeah the golden
child
alright guys so we just ate at the Grove
we're going to actually go to Rodeo
Drive now we're going to go to like
Barney's and some of the higher end
stores we'll see what happens we'll see
I'm not sure if I'm going to buy
anything I don't think so but you never
know in the world of high priests then
let's just say the diet started overhead
eat pre-order really when I don't even
know when this vlog is going on
pre-order is going on to the diet starts
tomorrow line so the Hat the shirt and
the phone cases should be available for
pre-order right now so go it's in the
description box down below dream crew
calm you already know what it is
hello alright guys so that's pretty much
today's vlog I know it was kind of
different than what you usually she
was just speaking dirt on my speakers
see but yeah it's just a whole bunch of
footage for the past few days it's been
crazy has been sick been taking medicine
I keep leaving my house which makes me
more sick I got like in weird like
I'm eating chicken noodle soup with
water and honestly thank you guys for
supporting me whether you buy the new
merch or not if you do want to buy it
you have 48 hours to do so probably less
than 48 hours now depending on when you
watch this a lot of people been asking
about International shipping and yes
there's international shipping I really
means the world to me when people buy
something that represents myself and my
brand and the dream crew yeah that's
pretty much it we'll see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog hopefully I
don't know if I'm going to leave my
apartment today because I am still
feeling a little sick event hop on those
pre-orders baby the diet starts tomorrow
these actual piece of boxes this is what
we're going to do we're gonna do a
giveaway because I have a few of these
like crap like three of them that I
can't give away what we'll do is we'll
do a giveaway if this vlog can get
30,000 thumbs up so go ahead and hit
that 30,000 thumbs up then I will give
these away with a shirt inside of course
not just the empty box
this is pockets 30,000 thumbs up let's
see if you can do a dream crew family
you grind hard you do for yourself but
you also do it to prove everybody that
doubted you
we are here the diet starts officially
