Oh
what's going on guys so things are a
little bit different here today it's
5:00 p.m. so basically from 8 a.m. with
a nigga from the morning time until now
I filmed a completely different vlog but
that vlog is going up tomorrow and the
reason why it's going up tomorrow is
because it's the behind the scenes of
this video that we film that's going to
be going up on this channel tomorrow at
9 a.m. so I can't tell you guys too much
about that bill got a long exciting day
left even though it's 5:30 p.m. we're
going to head to Melrose today because
we got a very very special guest who
flew 16 hours to be in LA today we're
going to take them to of course Melrose
show all the crazy dope ib stores you
ready for this yes sir GM you ready yes
and ready Ben ready be ready before like
smack part 1 Roger
money takes in La Femme I was a fight
you boys are so signing like 16 or
something oh and second time in America
yeah second time you were in New York
last time let's say you and the second
time
yeah Christian yeah I mean New York New
York has dope stores and stuff but I
just don't think you got to really look
around so he said Fat Joe is biking out
all your shoes I clicked overpricing you
just hold like good deal place yeah I
mean yeah you want to like flight club
like those prices are crazy
which we're gonna go to like round two
in a few stores on Melrose maybe take
them to mag park that man have a good
time yes yeah compared to mine what is
that those videos $20.00 chain versus
$1,000 change
hello sir there's like yeah one here
which one you going to go for the wife
only let it go that's how the game issue
is you think it's really close and then
you end up spending like friggin 2000 it
always shout out to swim in there I'm
just live oh oh my god one more time oh
you try no all right I'll show you won't
happy if I win you keep one shoe I keep
it I'm happy I can gossip on the rock my
gosh oh my god
when they get more love than you and
your own video all right so we're in
round 2 and since I got the supreme fly
zone I told Roger he needs some supreme
5 is 15 he'll get the black one better
yeah exactly
is the thing right there hey we caught
ya you know whose jacket this is she
saved herself yeah oh you know we brand
that one wow you're a fig ah you wore
that you did he actually would our class
can you ever whip it yeah honey more he
had an exact fit on one what a hell does
Connie wear this this is a brand that
you started but I never actually spoke
through okay I don't remember what you
were saying hey I know that you wore
exactly yeah I don't think you get that
selling a second yeah a TV else were you
also really good a lot so for those of
you guys who don't know Gallery is
second store for round two but this is
like a private store right it's not for
the public but yeah they let us send
shout out to the Round two family for
letting us in would you go to new toys
for the office
I need to compete off with this one
why the brushes thought he needed to buy
some self-defense don't like you watch
so much you bought in fact supreme bad
and you guys called me a high peace
shout out to NEMA shout out to each side
of the guy who Jack loved on Melrose it
is a very sad day man very very fair
girl it was fun while it lasted but
unfortunately the Billboard is gone the
Billboard is gone
guys don't you care you'll pay it on
nothing laughing forever memories last
forever I think that's like 400 I need
it's like 150 guys alright so if you
guys remember I don't know maybe a year
ago or so when we first put the mag drop
on Fairfax laid for him right here and I
won my first ever keymaster win was for
him what did you just say we still have
them right I still have them yeah I put
in my sneaker room because I just moved
so I have my speaker room now appreciate
that so happy I got you some shoes
cutout on the plug and the best thing
yeah and on the heaped-up sky stuff
we don't have to play a little 101 all
the bricks pshaw is gonna help us build
another store they also always wrote
because I say not the one it was stuff
Connor what I got on time it was fun to
see you shot is all I want
you saw potential I never knew I just
won't happen well way that vision for
something new do love each other
I was alternative fact you already show
but you shall take up some heat for you
to her do you like Rare yeah
are you like rare so I've had this for a
while because you got to have the right
coast yeah these look like regular
anniversary 11th right yeah you know
never does does none you know the stuff
yeah that's good what does 31 I don't
think what is that forthcoming the
secret yeah there is to it is like stock
free you know this idea in her I know
mark a force yeah nice to that soccer
goodbye
let me think that was alternative fact
let me go within all to me back to the
planet you know it's a black diffuse you
to say what I do it to you know I'd
rather just be with you
411 with no shoes rush it was between e
101 basketball I don't know if I should
do it because I'm sick first of all oh
I'm good you know I just miss with guys
I'm picking up the supreme jacket right
here this is frickin crazy the colors a
little loud but pretty dope let me show
you guys just premiums like controllers
Whitewood
I'm not a rug helps go you gotta run
this is the worst dunk on oh I feel just
like that nah I just damage to these
today look at the back very easily
awesome freaking chocolate stain so it's
actually very much chocolate dough so
but you know what
get this thing yeah that's crucial for
today
that's good enough until I use the
actual solution on there probably wear
it one more time before I actually use
the brush and solution alright guys so
that wraps up today's vlog hope you guys
enjoy shots of Russia - for coming to
the USA hopefully will link with him
tomorrow I don't know what his game plan
is yeah so basically like I said earlier
this is kind of like a really messy
situation today's vlog started a little
late what we did earlier in the day is
actually going to go tomorrow which kind
of explains what's going on with this
whole to die starts tomorrow thing so
basically today's Friday tomorrow at 9
a.m. 9 a.m. sharp I need all of you guys
to be ready because we're releasing a
video at 9:00 a.m. when 9a of the hits
and that video goes up the diet starts
the hustle starts the grind starts and
there's a surprise for all you guys and
I'm really excited for all of you guys
to see this we've been planning it for
weeks almost months now really hope you
guys do support it and enjoy it and if
there's a meaning behind it but I'll
explain more and more of that in
tomorrow's video so make sure you guys
watch it and really understand the whole
concept behind it so yeah tomorrow's
video is very very important and it is
my channel Ahmed Faruq Waqas and GM for
helping me out all day long again I'll
talk more about all that stuff tomorrow
so yeah hit that thumbs up see you guys
tomorrow design starts officially
tomorrow at 9 a.m. that's California
time that's 12 o'clock Eastern I'm out
of USP
I'm listening
if you got oh damn it sighs you should
say you
