our guys so we are in Melrose again
today it is a beautiful Monday the type
of day that makes you want to just go on
Melrose and check out the vibe but I'm
with a special guy it says no secret all
our guys some with Blake when he's in LA
for the day right yeah literally I leave
tomorrow
I soon have to go today jumped on a
plane came out here
I'm still in high school can you believe
that I'm a junior I have a whole nother
year left we can blake when there's a
freshman yeah you guys are pretty mature
for your guys's ages that's crazy yeah
he's like sick for two that I know how
it's all so yeah we're going to check
out a few stores you just want to bait
probably hit up a few hazards and I need
to go to back part two because I'm going
to buy some sheets from there and then I
think even slims gonna link up with us
YouTube convention on Melrose yeah man
Monday in LA it's beautiful outside and
just going to see what we caught
we still out here guys on Melrose the
show end it was two weeks ago we're
still here we have some other friends
that joined us actually fill in Asia if
you remember Philly's been in a few of
my older vlogs we used to hope we Hooper
back in the day but yeah they're out
here for a few days so they met us up on
Melrose we're going to go to round two
right now and we're going to go talk to
Sean who's one of the owners hopefully
is there I haven't even texted I'm
hopefully I'm sure most of you guys know
but Nike is doing this like contest
where the hand takes 12 people and they
let them create their own airmax and
they're letting us the the fans vote
with what shoe we want to be made later
this year he's actually one of the
people which might be hand-picked to
create their own Air Max and he's
actually he's been number one for voting
but I think earlier today he moved to
number two so I'm gonna have if you see
I'm gonna have them like kind of like
give you a rundown on the shoe so we can
show us you guys and you know you guys
can help voting all right guys the man
is here oh yo what up would uh since
you're working you wanna give them a
quick rundown of what's going on which
are like okay dope so uh I designed the
Air Max for Nike with 12 or alongside
like 12 other designers and stuff we
just designed our own and right now Nike
is letting everyone vote on whose design
they want to win pretty much and
whoever's wins will come out this year
so right now I'm campaigning trying to
get mine to win you know a place doing
right now right now in a second ya know
I just thought dude it was I've been
like having nightmares about checking in
on a second you know because I was
holding down the number one spot for a
while but whatever
well how many discs look five so I got
five more days okay looks good happens
but all right we're going to link it
down below you guys need to go vote if
you're in LA you can come and vote here
right over here yes pretty nice so you
can cook enjoy the night you do that for
us
ya know the hate we put in there and I
was like yes please yes so so yeah in my
opinion it is honest I'm not just saying
that because here is my best design so
if you don't like it don't vote for it
but if you do please leave me now
so it's so tell me what you told them as
baller is like yeah quality yes I did
corduroy because on for me corduroy
something it's like a material that'll
get better with age and Nike doesn't use
it a lot so its ninth Air Max 97 upper
full corduroy all the edges are all
going to be like raw edges so it will
fray he'll get like better with where
you know like how on all the denim shoes
people like how it phrased it just like
the wash gets better so it should
achieve the same thing with the corduroy
it'll be a really dope she wanna like
it's going to be really big like once
it's produced on your foot
yeah doesn't so yeah so god check it out
into the fiction box you take that w if
that should be random I'm hoping it can
lead to a lot more you know a lot more
projects exactly exactly limbs here send
me about a custom easy to do today sure
oh maybe I seen connection and go back
to Cairo you're doing your duty take a
drug brother like I wouldn't wear the I
would wear them but like once a million
can you really see the prices I'm too
short I'm too short I can't reach the
deficit for 20 plus 25 damn bro it's a
cow
come on man we taking a picture are you
doing the little of dr. Phil we gave you
that off-white Nike fill out I'll bite
off my outline guys look so Melrose has
crazy art but look at this Kanye and
Donald Trump on Melrose on the wall this
is like something crazy like it kind of
looks like I'm with Kanye if I do this
okay
hi guys so we're in the shop right now
and they've got just tons of tons and
tons of that base like they even have to
make chairs I really want to get this
one right here the champion babe collab
but it did like five hundred dollars but
I would actually buy that but they don't
have my size
you bought that base life in my problem
I was always in it they try to make you
think you got five minutes
I use the one that gets on the no limit
they just really make me want to go
kidding
everyone talks but they're not committed
focus on yourself it don't get offended
you always got a chance if you don't
stop can't forget to pray is the only
way I did it my way I'll call all the
shots I'm just returning our way what's
up that's water that's my mom that's my
sister my dad - my mom and my cousin
that I saw the kites over all right all
right y'all take it easy all right guys
the wrong Fairfax now we walked all the
way over here it's a little bit of a
walk but you know I'm thankful that I
stuck on March 25th so yes we have Chapo
we're at mad quark oh he Buster giving
off several you even played that much at
us never really never play but you've
won before there yeah and I won turned
up when I won them the box I'd like the
s5 11800 cause like they say how they
came out
from NY to Vegas to my favorite place to
eat Korean barbeque we at Gucci fan by
UCLA Westwood this is it right here this
one guys what up bro trust me like to
trust me trust me it's fire you got to
get the combo chicken and beef
imma get a three of our my alright thank
you to the orders of pop Oh chicken and
beef
and both of these guys are kind of like
on the edge things they think I brought
them to a bad place right inside yeah
let's go inside this is the Le vibro
like outdoor on this feel even better
knowing that there's no one else sitting
here eating after those they are going
to say suppose this place is empty don't
let it fool you people are in Fox right
now that's going high it's very good
though you punk
there's no one here alright so the food
is here let's see the first reaction
what do you think
good I'll turn up this is like hot
okay
I told you all gooshy free promo yeah I
don't know if I overhyped it or not it
was so good in my opinion it was hella
good I'm full of health look he's so
full that he can cook the crap in his
pants right haha I want to get a rematch
in 2k today hopefully should have I'm a
serious love her if you beat me again
like Rob I promise I'll win again I got
confidence yeah I might have to quit if
you beat me again but no you're under
yeah I'm good I'm going to sit I say
there's play call of duty together huh
on that same team Oh God so mean some
have been chilling at the apartment for
a while now and we didn't film it let's
just say my best games are off-camera
I'm like ha what happened weird Alma
what happy dog what are you calling
sorry I'd be him twice in one day
he beat me once when he had the calves
and then we swapped and I used the cabs
in the Houston and I beat him and then I
also don't with you then there's no
proof no we played four games so we
create I'm playing again I beat you the
first game oh we played four games I got
a voice I'm I read him three times today
yeah we played for years I've eaten
three times today so we're so three how
many wins do you have and four is three
and four so that's more W so I'm gonna
be shot four times because you know like
what does Naz about my girl's special
gifts oh thank you this is so cozy so
much water if I had this real or line no
big one with the flower on the fellas no
no I don't need all the ones where I
wanna be able to close away
but always almost let me show you guys
what I got today first of all this is
the off white Nike collapse out to fill
in this one so freakin lid is my first
off white piece and then about these bad
boys from mag I've been looking for
these for a minute as you guys know I
couldn't find them in Phoenix got these
for a very very good price compared to
where they were going other places
usually Jesus was like 400 flux not on
for 350 I didn't like these up for
Vanara like I'm pretty much there so
freaking dope like look at the look at
this tow boxer here's like Heather
that's it didn't get too much today and
that's going to be the end of the vlog
but before I go I want to say that I
haven't been doing the post notification
right piece of the day but we're going
to bring it back there's been like three
or four vlogs that I haven't done it I'm
still getting used to doing it so I keep
forgetting anything else you guys have
any last words then you have any last
words before you leave tomorrow tired
tired today
I beat message it I'd be three times
today there was enough countdown I have
one little clip that I sent in the group
shots all into that right here abuse
them makes W ha ha ha ha alright guys
thank you for watching and see you
tomorrow with another vlog and I'm
yep
