I'm afflicted on the past year I think
you're printing Joe but I don't even
know I'm supposed to tell you that I'm
dead of getting close on the type to get
attached
oh hey but hey I don't but I want to be
the end of Act what's good everybody so
look at this we are in the very last row
but we were headed back to LA Arizona
was dope it's like what 6 a.m. 7 a.m. 7
a.m. 6 a.m.
we're about to get on this roadie on the
flight but never wanna fall short
Bobby Amon
back to life I think I've been filling
out a focus this whole time but we're
now at Denny's no we're at I hop new
because--and Mina where I heard about
that Mahmoud went home we I actually
wanted to come but he to support anyway
it would be here would be Sunday in LA
we're back in LA
super foggy outside like yeah I'm tired
it was an hour flight but we spent
almost three hours on the plane extra an
hour and 20 minutes we were on the plane
after we landed I don't know what was
going on I was sleeping yeah it's been a
hectic morning no more traveling for a
while though the next week rekon is in
april 29th which is the bay area we
going back home we have a personal trip
the first week of April as well but talk
more about that later
yeah oh we have we have a busy week
though food is all done will cost us
pancakes
three orders of pancakes well you made
me do this
you've done that yourself etiquette you
have done not yourself things are good
so we were back in LA back at the
apartment I came home to a package
pretty big heavy package Oh exciting oh
look what we have here restock alert a
ton of crap protect so we got the creme
protector which I've shown you guys
before this is the best nikkor cleaner
in the game tons of secures right here
they know that I've been giving my
guests that come over I have wipes right
here
we got some white of course did I get to
spray I'm not going to put all this
stuff away but I am going to stop the
wipes back up my little display to go
thankfully the beauty in your eyes made
me smile to achi but I don't even know
what all right guys so we are on Melrose
now and Nina just got our hair done I'm
not taking yeah hold on let me see it's
like blue like greenish blue I heard
about tennis I know a lot of guys have
commented saying Oh cut your hair looks
bad but I'm growing it out I like the
way I like the reason why I'm growing it
out is I wear a lot of hats and I love
the way my hair looks when I have long
hair and I'm wearing a hat because it
like pops out when I'm not wearing a hat
then it just looks like this would it
actually like it forms better but
basically there's a guy in there this
place that week she got her hair done
and he said he can cut it for me and and
color it because I was thinking about
doing some color he said my name
all of a sudden 50,000 thumbs up and
I'll cut my hair and I'll color it it's
up to them now
do you think you get fifty thousand
storms up I don't know if they can they
only knew that for hair is not for me I
want to go to Ikea so I think we're
going to see we could go to Ikea because
I still need to get some carpets been
cutoff carpet and then I got to take
your home in it that's a wrap for
tonight what's up fence all of a sudden
it's all going to glue it Melissa it's
like we gonna pick that yeah yeah
Melrose is always walking we are at the
world no not the world we actually get
IKEA in the United States with my hair
super excited because last time I was
here I didn't get to really explore it
because Ryan was riding his bike all
over the place yeah I need a carpet and
hopefully we can find is the biggest
IKEA in America well before we get in as
we're walking what's your opinion on
more life fire I told you from the
get-go a fire
I was just hearing the songs out of
order like you guys are just playing
around in songs out of having a fire
time but I like to use view before he
even he heard at one time in the oh my
god I hated love love is crucial picks
me up two days later blessing and I'm
like no it's really what more life is
really good it's I think it should have
been five songs shorter but I understand
the playlist thing of it and partly but
it's really good Portland's really good
this song with Kanye sucks I you would
think that those two together would make
something amazing but it just put
something average together yeah I want
some current like it's Kanye and Drake
like they have three losses
hi guys it's been productive actually we
found carpet shelves and a mirror so
shout out you go okay for helping me
today what did you think
didn't I tell you this idea I guess but
I have to carry ya know I didn't really
eat so we picked out all that stuff and
then we realized that my car is not that
big so I'm going to overall most of it
online but I still left with a carpet
that's going to go in front of my
sneaker wall a rope crimina and the
trash cans from my bedroom we're going
to go grub before I have to take Nina
home alright guys so I'm back at the
apartment now such a struggle it took us
two and a half to three hours to take
her home because freeways were closed it
was so freaking annoying literally like
three freeways were closed I feel bad
for her because she works in them in the
morning time so she was getting tired
like I'm okay I'm awake you know we've
had a long day we literally started
today in Phoenix and we've been in LA
all day and I had to drive over two
hours home but we're here man death lies
that's la for you guys traffic traffic
traffic anyway you know I've been
wanting to do this for a while now I did
this like almost three years ago I made
a video titled the same exact thing as
this title but obviously times have
changed new things have come out but
this is pretty much as you see in the
title five sneakerhead life hacks the
first sneakerhead life hack these if you
don't know or the nice cakes adidas nmd
and I did buy them you since they are
use that means somebody else has their
feet in there now I don't know if that
person got Thank You feet or what the
situation might be this right here is
the crept protect pill when you first
get it I don't have the packaging
because I do it away in Phoenix it comes
like this and you throw it in your shoe
but before you throw it in your shoe you
untwist it a little bit or you can
untwist it a lot depending on how bad
you should smell these won't smell that
bad so I just opened it a little bit and
you guys can see that there's hopefully
there's a hole right there so that's
where the scent comes out it when I left
Phoenix right before I packed my bags I
put one of these in the shoe and I just
rub them in the box carry them on the
plane I don't want to check these in I
carry them on the plane and now that I'm
back in LA literally 24 hours later I
take them out and I'm going to give you
guys my honest opinion on how these work
it does smell exactly like this which is
good if you really want to keep your
shoe fresh just keep one of these in
here at all times whenever you wear them
take it out keep it in a box that's the
new protect rail I know that this is
like a cloth material so it's not really
something that can hold the odor in
there for too long so if it was more of
a leather shoe the odor would definitely
stay in there more but it still does the
job on a sneaker like this ii
sneakerhead life hack is actually one
that i just found out about yesterday
so the homie will from sneaker con told
me about this life hack yesterday it
changes the game for me because I have a
love-hate relationship with the adidas
nmv this is probably the hottest one of
the hottest knickers for some reason
these shoes are comfortable but they
make my feet hurt if that makes sense I
don't know at first I thought it was
buying the wrong size or whatnot but I
finally it made sense him yesterday when
he told me that he does this so
basically the NMD that's the inside
there's no insole there's no removable
insole at all you're wearing the shoe on
the booth so what he told me he does is
that since this shoe doesn't have an
insole and the adidas ultra boost does
have an insole see info here the inside
of the shoe is pretty much the same on
both sneakers but the NMD doesn't come
with the insole so what you do is take
the insole out of an ultra booth put it
inside this is going to change the game
for a lot of people put it inside your
nmd so now you've got the ultra boost
insole on top of the regular booth issue
is going to be just as comfortable as
the ultra booth so my problem has been
solved of the nmds hurting my feet and
honestly that might have been the
biggest life hack of all time the next
life hacks these are the new 2017 Royals
I don't want to mess them up say you
want to pack right you want to pack this
shoe but you don't want them to get all
squished when you when you close
bad and on top of that you know this
shoe takes up a lot of room and there's
a lot of empty space in there so what's
the best Lee do you two do actually
learn this idea from one of my favorite
shows ever the show friends you take
your socks and your underwear and you
put them inside of your shoe all the way
to the toe one pair of socks instead of
it just laying around in the bag going
inside my shoe a pair of underwear going
inside my shoe hopefully underwear doll
stank it helps keep the shape of the
shoe so that when it does close it
doesn't like you don't bend the leather
or anything because the soft is
literally in there and it also saves you
space because you're creating space for
your underwear your socks or whatever
else you decided to put inside your shoe
and that's two wins in one feel like a
magician pulling rabbit out of a hat now
I understand that a lot of people do not
have the luxury of having these
containers to put their sneakers and
some people keep them in boxes and some
people just keep their shoes out in the
open and that my friends can collect a
little bit of dust I'm in my closet now
and over here is where I keep my pants
and even though this room is pretty
small doesn't get too dusty
some of the shoes when you leave them
outside or wherever you may leave them
they do get a little bit of dusty on
them so basically this is what I do this
is just a lint roller this is like a
lint roller on steroids I got this from
Target and basically instead of having
to you know waste some of your crap
protect that you just bought and you
just want to take a little bit of dust
off your shoes you take your little
older that's all you have to do it take
the dust right off I mean don't get your
laces caught in there and you can see
that it actually does work this is not
part of the top five but if you also
want to clean the bottom of the shoe and
you don't want to waste any of your
crepes
see that cleans the bottom of your shoe
- and the last life hack here so flat
now it looks like a short speck of
Pancakes the easy v2 is now this is the
most popular shoe and I said that about
the NMD but this is the most hyped
popular shoe right now and a lot of
people buy the wrong size don't worry
I've told you guys this one before and
I'll tell you guys again because people
still don't know what to do but the
problem is that the toe is so close to
your foot that people it ropes the top
of your foot
and people think if it's small all you
have to do is do the opposite of what I
said to do with the nmds which is
instead of putting an insole in these
let us take the insole out see that
little bit of insole right there and
pushes your foot against the top of the
shoe making them a little tighter now it
still might bother you a little bit
that's why people say do size up a half
size which I do suggest as well but say
you already bought your pair and you
can't trade them or you already wore
them and you're screwed just take the
insole out that is the best idea you can
do and you'll be able to wear your Yeezy
it won't hurt as much as having two
insole in and that is like the best
scenario since you already wore that I
want you guys to comment down below your
own sneaker head life hacks and then I
will definitely pick some of them try
them out and make a part 2 of this video
so that's how I'm going to end the vlog
right there hopefully you guys enjoyed
my helpful sneak your head life hacks
again don't forget to diet starts this
Saturday March 25th so I'll see you guys
tomorrow guys thank you for watching I'm
outta here
peaches lotion stuff so sure I once was
lost but now I'm doing better than I've
ever been
type it's all beautiful
