you could check always treat your eyes
about what you talking I guess you just
got the sneaking clock right now if I to
go set up we got about hour and a half
until Showtime the calm before the storm
you could con
ideally you guys say that far ahead are
we ready to stop no no I just mean oh
you guys are guys so unfortunately not
everything goes as planned when it comes
to sneaker clones the backdrop that we
just had made for the last niekirk on
this one right here that you saw us
trying it set up there's some problems
with the loose screws and the bottom so
it's not standing up straight like this
so it has to leave it against the wall
and it's just a really bad look so what
we're doing is we're just going to go
back to the regular black backdrop for
it we're on a time crunch so we don't
have any other option so yeah we need to
set up we got the merge going right here
mixture right here BAM and then the Hat
let me show you the Hat so I got the Hat
over here
throw this hat came out so freaking dope
check that out with the vintage tag so
crazy
oh no one got hurt
we gonna be listed about it I'm gonna
take it off I just want to keep it to
the like the collected with the tag but
I want to wear it without the size but
I'm still worried for now so let me show
you a preview of the line
ah
it's your shout outside now
I'm sorry call you owe me 20 bucks $20
already get in the car baby the guys
talk tomorrow yeah all of a sudden
family decide starts March 25th yeah
let's just say we eating good today
okay shout out to my friend Holton and
my mom who didn't let me come here by
came anyways this line goes all the way
over here back that up everybody way I
got no time for
time for that why Academy boy - late I
got no spine Fred I've got no none
oh my god
why I've gotten made so my dude right
here he doesn't need a mirror you know
why so they just look down and he got
his own face on the shoes bro that's
created I like that I like that got out
her she doesn't shout out to give shout
out baby from Brazil I love you and I
miss you so much
what's his name Grande now burn oh
that's a burn all of a sudden event our
guys are going to the stage now we got
some free goodies for everybody that can
help oh my god and you can even be you
wanna watch
I can't wait with a little game show
right now my man yes yes again assist
you we're going to give them a number
yes yes if the reason is higher or lower
and you got a couple not even worth more
than 300 oh yeah okay what does
apologize listen there's over two times
right
okay you know last weekend we were in
Cleveland I know you LeBron fend but
even was a little more turn since penis
oh I'm just saying all face what I saw I
let you guys get a little more turn
right now what do you guys say
I can do better than that come on make
some noise
good I'm plus man are you
chillin man okay crazy effect crazy
event minority no man I'm gonna tell you
this is one of the best company to store
owners in the game yeah my baby
please let me know you come up without
any market difference going back to work
you're probably coming back to well he
called me I didn't answer I got a screen
is a major role and it's hot one day an
age of Allah so he's almost happenin to
the very oh no no okay
they too low they do set out going on
thank you very small one of the biggest
things gotta happen a couple big things
yeah yeah yeah go ahead man a fastest
got film for me this whole sense
appreciative shoutout oh my YouTube
channels Brendan I'm sorry Andy and kid
thank you so much thank you Memphis it
down yourself like a fish here step text
but I learn where you fight back I've
never seen that like that you've got
what I need I don't care what they say
tell me where to go free is at the end
of this day I just want to talk to you
you've any patient I just be waiting I
just went over the door you understand I
could do more for you letter for you
you gotta stop you got it off to
whatever time you need to change let's
get across
always is March 22 that's everybody that
waited they all waited while we went
into the show they shout the officers
are you can make him sick take it we'll
see oh all of a sudden fence alright
guys so I finally had some time who
actually shops today what you caught
fence we're going to finally got him he
came out a long time ago and and I got
some innum ennum ds2 that I've been
wanting for a while now finally $850 so
that's a good price man I've been
wanting to use for a minute and I
finally picked them up about to pay
right now and Mina just got a pair too
so we both just got some nmds got still
my cousin and God so my brother couldn't
come
what you get let's play
weird about that
run discipline wasn't enough
see we're taller I guess when you work
for me I bought you shoes too
took everybody's photos today gasps an
iVillage Junior
you owe me 20 bucks 20 bucks and just
like that major con is done this is
where our booth was and now it's all
gone speaker con is empty the shirts
flew off the shelves everything sold out
and the next stop on the speaker contour
is home we're coming to the bay area the
bay area you guys have been waiting a
year for the whole crew to come because
we canceled the bay area show on our
tour the last time we were there with
sneakers on last year and I promise you
this year is going to be crazy because
the entire crew from the beta la is
coming exclusive merch exclusive collab
key word collabs
and a whole bunch of other surprises so
if you're from the Bay I promise you you
want to be at sneaker con on April 29 12
years except respect for your crew boo
now what now what do we do we got a few
hours in Arizona stay tuned you might be
included you might not damn you go
favorite a lot even sure you guys flag
shoes today today we will get out of the
amber some more likes more life together
abuse coming over
