alright guys so Friday we leave to
Phoenix sneaker con in a couple hours
it's currently 5 Wow
we lead to sneaker Phoenix I should be
heading towards the airport in about an
hour my flights at 9:30 p.m. so that
means we get to Phoenix around 11:00
because it's only about an hour flight
I've had a really stressful day just
kind of things happening I've been
waiting for a package to come all day is
fit out for delivery since 655 a.m. it's
almost 6:00 p.m. almost 12 hours I've
been waiting for this package to be
delivered
I needed to be delivered within the next
hour or my whole plan is completely
ruined a plan that I've been planning
for the past three weeks to surprise
Nina with one of her birthday gifts her
birthday is actually the last week of
March but I wanted to give her this
birthday gift early because sneaker corn
is tomorrow and I got our pair of shoes
that I really want her to wear for
sneaker con and it's one that she really
wants so I've been putting lights off
every time she mentions it like she's
like can you try to find them for me at
a secret con Cleveland I was like oh
yeah I'll try to look and then secret
con kuzmin passed and I was like you
know I couldn't find them like they
didn't have your size in reality I had
already bought them so it just happened
to be delivered today I'm leaving which
is ridiculously annoying hopefully they
get here within the next hour that would
be so clutch because I need to pack
right now I need to leave sorry for my
down mood right now promise you guys
we'll go up get ready for sneak o'clock
Phoenix
apologies about what alright guys so
it's getting like to the cutoff time
right now I need to leave my apartment
knows I'm going to miss my flight I need
to go pick up a cost and head towards
the airport Friday traffic is going to
kill us the package has not been
delivered so looks like I'm taking a big
L she didn't even know about him that's
what sucks cuz I'm gonna have to tell
her so that she doesn't wanna be so it's
all seven o'clock I was my package not
delivered alright guys so I just got in
the car I literally went to go pick up
what cost God knows why he's eating a
freaking Domino's pizza right now maybe
bring her then you make me you don't
know okay they already know I wouldn't
eat no pizza with no jalapenos and
whatever else you got on the handle
despite I can't do that I take them up
and I said yo I'm literally pulling the
situation I'm like what should I do and
then we decided okay let's drive back to
the apartment and hopefully within that
ten minute mark I somehow get the
notification and the package is there we
drive back I still get nothing as we
pull up to the driveway we see the UPS
truck parked there I run into the little
post office room we have and I told the
UPS guys like yo look I need this
package ASAP he helped me out find it
and I took it and we ran and we got the
pack guys teacher in the face he just
got the package right here clutch so the
plan is going to be holding the bosses
in another box yes you yes the problem
is we both land at the airport at the
same time i beautiful she's coming from
San Diego we're coming from LA but we
both land at the Phoenix Airport at the
same exact time we land ten minutes
before her everything's going this plan
we're going to Phoenix we don't even
know where operatives we haven't talked
to him we get a call them right now
and will cost us till evening is pizza
I'm low-key jealous now the day I starts
March 25th right we gotta go
what is this sense then finally G looks
good
how you doing children what it means how
you doing we gotta go know where you are
we're on the way mean when cops are
driving
okay guys sorry that the vlog has been
kind of like no b-roll and all that
stuff because things have been super
hectic like our uber driver was confused
and lost and we have to convince them to
drop us off at arrivals because the
Partridge was way too crowded it's
Friday at LAX like it's packed here okay
we're past security now and I'm not sure
if this side of the airport has anything
to eat so I'm kind of like that but
washing and going we should be good
let's go pocket if I need to alter the
exit so all of our flights are booked
together but for some reason we're all
sitting separate and I have a middle
seat but think of the slide is only
about an hour long so the torture is not
that crazy I'll see you guys in
in the body
lots of food huh you look like you just
got a prison nique is right here they're
still in the original packaging I'm
gonna wait till we get to the hotel to
surprise her I don't want to give it to
her right here I literally brought one
pair of shoes than the ones I'm wearing
why it is same no it was a little pirate
laughing oh my god you think we're g2 is
this will bring you our pirate blacks
all speakers on some more shoes
important ones and stuff like that yeah
you need a pair Jordan one break is
there I go oh gee what's this another
bed was this hanakos gendered sighing
boy hurt my hand like no other I know
that was hard
I gotta hit the weight room you wit this
so bad oh he got the head for my back
fantastic coaches working
alright guys so everybody's together and
now we are leaving the airport to go to
the hotel where Mickey awaits us
actually I don't know where Mickey is I
think he checked into the room but I
don't think you stayed that I think he's
out having fun but it's 11 o'clock so I
don't know what we're going to do
tonight we get to go hang out at the
hotel chill we have a very early morning
tomorrow so tomorrow is obviously
intercom so yeah let's get a final cause
I don't know where you went alright guys
so we just got to the room we thought we
had three rooms but we only have two
rooms because the other room is for cash
nasty I didn't even know cash nasty was
going to be a sneaker combo what are you
waiting for a sneaker car how about well
this is going up during sneaker console
well obviously I'm thinking this is an
article it's only problem is as you no
idea how to lace them because there's
like I don't know weird hold on I'm
taking the block way cool now we're
putting the black places on this is like
an option in here there's a mystical
option yeah so Sam you wanted the other
we'll see cuz we're dirty yeah look you
can try these August
you ready already
that's a really good thing good I'm so
excited
yeah I'm gonna finish your lease job
what are you hundred it will be helpful
you don't even know what I went through
remember earlier when I told you I
stress yeah it was because of these I
was stressing all day that I wasn't
gonna get him inside
right yeah I know we can match them all
I got no time for that
I got no
I'm further by Academy boy cat late
hi
but I've got no time for there I got no
time
my dad made I guess so we are going to
be going out now but we're just going to
go grab some food and check out downtown
Arizona it is st. Patrick's Day so it
might be a little bit wild I'm not going
to take this camera out of the Yeezys
man if only she knew what we went always
