and watch this
what's going cook family hope everybody
is having a fantastic day it is a
beautiful sunny day here in Los Angeles
the type of day that makes you want to
open your sunroof sunroof roof
honestly have no game plan for today I
have no schedule for today except just
prepare myself for Phoenix tomorrow
because we leave for Phoenix because
this Saturday is sneaker con Phoenix so
basically I like I finish all my hair
and yesterday I'm honestly I'm going to
Mac Park right now because I need to
pick up something I know I go to my park
like every vlog so I apologize if
someone's going to come and say go all
your bones are the same you go to many
porkybunny's shoes I apologize but I
mean this is my daily life so whatever I
do whether I'm at my apartment or
whether I'm on the streets of LA doing
the same thing that I do every day this
is my world so if you're new to this
channel make sure you guys subscribe and
set more b-roll shots of me driving on
Hollywood
so this is the shoe that everybody is
going crazy over right now the airmax
Atmos they're coming out again in a
Jordan pack and I want that Jordan pack
not because of this but because I want
the three but I guess I'll keep this as
part of the pack so hopefully I can get
that that comes out Saturday while we're
in Phoenix so hopefully somebody has a
sneaker con for me for a good price I
prefer this right now high peak you guys
I'm gonna hate on me nationally for
origami I just got a message that the
Fairfax mag park which is part of all
the fame the dream crew time mag drop
keymaster is fully loaded with a hundred
percent Yeezys including the recently
released matte must most hyped zebras
three pairs two zebras in the machine as
well as 750 another 350 so in order to
get the word out that that machine is
pop in like that I'm going to go there
right now I'm going to go take a few
dollars out of my bank account and I'm
personally going to give people five
dollars to play the keymaster yeah let's
go have some fun
and look we're still up there
my nigga swag records um because I'm
running over cuz I'm running around with
a cash money try to go take this and try
to win some uses for some there's a
supreme drop going so the lines are just
like ridiculously long outside the store
but I don't know how these people do
that supreme lineups
all right guys so I'm here there's
nobody here except the craziest supreme
line I get this like a Lacoste collab or
something I want to see somebody get a
double you today because I took too many
elves and yesterday's video shoutout for
clip alright so we got our first guy
right here yeah Eddie yeah and you
twenty bucks per click is informing
educating see I do everyone had ever
played some I play a couple times where
you from you from out here I'm from here
you from Houston oh then I'm here so
there's nothing like this well thank you
bro
I'll give you 21 all right so were you
from Louisville Kentucky all right he's
from Kentucky so this is a second person
from outside of California I will give
you 20 bucks to play brand-new shoe you
want and you get to keep it what you're
going for a zebra
yeah bloom is it a buildin Johnny I mean
a good luck kid
and good luck it doesn't on Sunday
fastest butter place yeah bro half there
goes Tommy I'm too got more for
happening no no hi oh yeah okay so you
you move it those way too long and you
were off on the sides
yeah well it's harder than it looks
withers you know go somewhere and I just
know you text message oh I got to have a
Hooper right away oh that was so good
right yeah I trust you guys I trusted a
nice explain to me again bowties I
believe my vote
oh my god it looks so good oh my gosh it
was really go you made him lose on
purpose does he be un ck I feel bad
soldiers been telling 160 or something
getting another hundred out I would be
paid for his first games because I owe
him money from the 2k that he gave me
the elk which the kid tonight baby
whatever guys I'm walking on fear fact
that my man had my shirt on okay set up
to the homie all this in offense right
you guys secret one no no I got it I got
it
sever the blood Hey all of a sudden I
always want my friends to win I would
have loved him to walk away with a very
easy so for some reason I just couldn't
do it today today was an off day for me
slim if you're watching this my
apologies I love you I'm sorry so funny
story on why there's just one use in
sitting here this is the reason why I
went to Mac Park so basically as I was
telling you guys the other day I need to
send out the Super Bowl winner is Easy's
because I gave away very easy during the
Super Bowl I picked up the pair from Mac
Park finally because they finally had
the slides unfortunately only one shoe I
got from the box so one shoe was left
inside the store that's why I had to go
back and get it basically we're all good
to go and now I'm going to ship out the
shoes and I'm going to take you guys you
guys can see me actually go ship it
because a lot of people always there's
always negative people when it comes to
giveaway you feel like you're giving
back but then people always bash you no
matter what that's something that sucks
was like doing giveaway just because
you're doing it to give back to the
audience but I gotta pay for la barking
people always say it's rigged they would
say oh it's a scam oh you're not really
giving anything away
why didn't you announce the winner bah
bah blah people always find a reason to
make a positive
and into a negative when in reality in
life you should always turn a negative
into a positive so even if you didn't
win a giveaway instead of bashing myself
or the winner you know just try again
you never know every time I do a
giveaway there's always going to be a
different winner like the chances of the
same person winning twice is very very
low
approve let's go and these bad boys out
now the box are going to be another like
for books all right guys all finished up
shoots up shipped out I giveaway was
done giveaway that giveaway is done so
have a lot more giveaways because I have
been missing crew cakes videos and as
you guys know I promised you a cupcake
video means a giveaway I'm handling that
actually on crew cake so I actually did
it in yesterday's video so if you want
to find out how you can win some
sneakers for free some kairi's go to
crew kicks and go watch the video right
now I guess I'm gonna call breaking in
cause he does these only he just agrees
that's in the website uses it's good way
Wow give it out everybody goes comment
on Blake wins last video on this channel
and go comment all of a sudden Sam all
the sudden are picking cards cause
that'd be all I got it you're recording
right now yeah first of all I recorded
you dissing me by not picking up so
everybody's going to go flame you in
your comments section I'll asleep
all of a sudden sleeping here sleepy XD
who cut in 2 days
I gotta leave in like 5:00 in the
morning tomorrow snicker Cosmo damn I
guess it's tomorrow night so I'm driving
I don't have the luxuries that you have
yeah guys I don't know if there's
something in the air today I don't know
what it is but today my creative juices
just skyrocketed it's apartment right
here this is where I'm going to call it
I'm going to I need to name this place
oh by the way this two days away from
Phoenix sneaker con we will be as a crap
protect booth they will have crept
protect for sale if you want to get some
of this you can get your shoes clean I
never talked about this but while I'm
when I am at the crow protect booth and
I have the dream crew booth next to it
and if you want to get your shoes
cleaned or sprayed whatever you want to
do you can do that for completely free I
never mentioned that and I shouldn't
mention it but you can buy the exclusive
merge the Hat the shirt and get your
sneakers clean it at the Kripa tech boot
so yeah don't forget that cup of tech
booth is I've seen you sneak a con and
we will be there and then you wait
comment down below what do you guys
think I should name this place I want it
to have to do with you know following
your dreams as well as like something
that has to do is you know just being
inspired so comment down below what you
guys think I should name my part
when I just came up with tons of ideas
like within the last hour I was editing
and while I was editing I was just like
yo like that's what you need to do it's
so revision like I always have revisions
you know I'm saying you can never be
comfortable even though I'm so satisfied
with my life everything is a blessing
you can't be comfortable
you always have to want to go up you
know I'm saying it's like the shoe wall
you got to go all the way up you don't
I'm saying okay one last thing before I
end today's vlog a lot of people have
been asking me yo why does the diet have
to start on March 25th why don't you
just start it now and I can't tell you
guys until March 25th so I need all my
dream crew family to believe in me I
need me to believe in you now March 25th
that diet is going to start and we are
going to change the world feel like a
wrestler right now what am I saying
that's it for the vlog again if you're
coming to Phoenix New York on I cannot
wait to meet you guys first sneaker Con
in Phoenix it's going to be so freaking
lit I'm coming with the crew there's
five of us six of us coming so I'm super
super excited alright that's it guys
thank you guys for watching hit that
thumbs up if you enjoy it oh um I'm
sorry I wasted your money again and I'm
outta here
