yo what's going on guys welcome to
another video here on crew TV and I want
to say and I'm saying New Year same
stuff we are here on Melrose so today we
have something special because I will be
doing a huge unboxing but we're not
gonna start the video out like that you
know I'm saying we got to go about our
day and then throw it in there somehow
someway you already know the drill so we
are gonna actually go to the high beast
unboxing a little bit later raw Melrose
so we're gonna see what happens you guys
see who we run into you never know it's
actually poppin it's MLK Day so it's
like a lot of people are out here like
people are off in school and stuff like
that also Warriors versus Cavs today so
that's very we got yo we got to watch
that you know I'm saying we got to see
the Warriors dominate and beat them
again yeah man let's go check out a few
stores and and see what we pop if we cop
anything more yeah yes
roaming around try to figure out what's
next oh my god where I went to the beach
yesterday to run yeah
all right guys so I'm picking up the
shovel today Mike's getting its light
pickup easy slight now just a little
some well I'm small for the road but
yeah
got something success we needed this for
a skit that we're doing so free though
thank you because I'm gonna be filming a
whole bunch of news
a little bit
get faced the hooping pumps and I had
these Air Force twenty-fives right here
the she'd Wallace addition one of the
best Nike campaigns ever was the Air
Force 25 commercials
we made a parody of it I don't think
it's online anymore I don't even think I
have it anymore because my hard drive
crashed but it was a classic I really
don't even know a store this is to be
honest with you guys but it's on Melrose
we finished walking through Melrose we
just got what we got from round two
show them the goodie showing the goodies
for the one-time replacement oh don't
get it twisted it's a replacement ball
people gonna be like oh that's not real
it's a baby blue box
we're gonna go to Fairfax now we're
gonna check out like supreme and
honestly there's nothing really else on
Fairfax foot we're gonna go to Fairfax
and check out supreme I know they're not
gonna have anything just because like
obviously the drops are over for now
you'd over no man you might find a gem
in there oh did you see that play
yesterday the Vikings guys I don't know
anything about football I don't even
know who the guy was that stored but on
my Instagram people were just blowing it
up with that highlight but anyway yeah
we're gonna go see what they got on
Fairfax but while we're over there since
I can't film I'm gonna take you guys
back to the crib cuz I did an unboxing
so you know what time it is bro that
intro alright guys so today I'm finally
bringing it to you finally doing one of
these mystery boxes legit like this
isn't a skit this isn't a prank on Mina
this is an actual mystery box now I give
credit where credit is due some of the
first people that I saw do this we're
definitely Blake win easy buster
Harrison Neville so I gotta give them a
shout-out for the idea but then it's
also an actual service so besides this
being an actual company just sending me
something this is something that you can
actually buy so we've got ourselves a
hype beast mystery box so we got
ourselves a hype beast mystery box right
here now I got this from Soul Steel's I
have done some unboxings in the past
from Soul Steel's I've bought some stuff
from the website if you guys don't know
what Soul Steel's is it is the
membership based website with tons of
steals on there and the reason why some
shoes are listed so low is because it is
a membership website like I just
mentioned so that means you're paying
monthly
and since you pay monthly you get access
to tons and tons of sneakers and supreme
and babe below the average resale market
so it's definitely worth it and now
since this new trend has been going on
they have added these mystery boxes the
mystery boxes from what I've heard is
going to be available weekly there will
be different price points from $500 to
$1,000 to possibly $2,000 boxes and
obviously you're gonna get some steals
in there so you might pay $500 but you
might get I don't know seven hundred to
a thousand dollars worth of product in
there and the reason why I think this is
great for the average person not just
like us youtubers to do unboxing is
because it's great for people who want
to unbox it and then sell each item
individually because you can end up
making more money than you've spent like
you might have spent 500 bucks but
imagine you get a pair of shoes that's
worth 500 bucks that's your money back
right there and everything else in the
box is pretty much gonna be a profit now
I definitely recommend soul steals for
anybody whether you want to get a
mystery box or if you just want to get a
pair of shoes or whatever it is it's
definitely a great website to look at
check it out test it out see how you
like it I will have it in the
description box down below if you guys
want to check it out but anyway let's
talk let's go ahead and open this bad
boy up because I'm definitely excited to
see what's inside again I have no idea
this is a high beast mystery box so
let's get in it all right so first thing
I see is a Nike Sportswear box I'm not
gonna read the label another thing you
get to decide your size and all that so
oh okay okay they got that removable
patch right here
this is fire this is called the official
name is the Nike Air Max 97 premium you
know I'm all about my camo so I do like
this like tigerish camo right there I
would have to say the 97 is probably my
favorite Air Max I'm not a fan of the
midsole but I really love the upper
that's why I really like the Shaun
Witherspoon's just because the upper was
the 97 but the bottom was the Air Max
one bottom so I thought that was crazy I
really hope they release more of those
okay next up we got a Zippo always this
is supreme Zippo
oh we've got the gold supreme is Zippo
lighter I don't know if I'm saying that
right Zippo but you know I'm saying I
could use this to light my candles and
whatnot your boy do got candles believe
it or not I'm gonna handle that later
I'm probably only gonna use this like
once in my life to be honest with you oh
my god there's a lot of stuff in here
okay we got a supreme undercover collab
t-shirt check that out
that's actually pretty dope we got some
babe in here oh hell yeah long-sleeve
you got a long-sleeve red camel babe
t-shirt hella simple a bathing a ball in
the front another supreme item with some
supreme sticker duh there's two of them
and we got ourselves just a solid yellow
supreme shirt right here it's got the
small box logo right there this is a
small box logo I believe this might be
from a recent just this past collection
I could be wrong but you can't go wrong
with this this is like this kind of has
like a a polo feel to it without it
actually having a polo collar some more
Bape right here we got some babe
sweatpants very simple this is wearable
with anything the ape head right there I
kind of wish it was the one that had the
face right here but still I mean you
can't go wrong with this so this is
pretty dope a supreme tea the ayah god
what's this girl's name I don't even
know this lady's name to be honest with
you so I'm probably not gonna end up
keeping this but I know she's publicist
like actress or something
I'm probably gonna get flame for that
but it's all good but anyway we gonna
finish up with a Jordan right here this
is the last item in the box now again if
you want more sneakers oh my god I think
I just saw what the tag said if this is
what I think it is and there's not
another sneaker in this box I'm gonna be
very very happy because I really really
have been wanting these oh my god guys
Wow
Air Jordan 3 white cement with that Nike
Air in the back this is the 88 edition
this came out a few years ago I remember
when these came out I had two pairs but
your boy was broke so I sold them and
now I got them
oh my god these are so sexy these came
out when Jordan like every Jordan used
to sell out obviously it's not like that
anymore
retro 88 yeah oh my god hell yeah
brand-new dead stock got the tag on
there the nike air tag not the Jumpman
tag dad asks I'm not even lying to you
guys I've been looking at these on stalk
X and go trying to find a good price for
them and I've just been hesitant because
I haven't bought a shoe all year I know
it's only been 15 16 days but that's a
long time to me so I've been holding off
but guys I just got him right here so
this technically could be my first
sneaker pickup but not really because I
didn't actually buy it directly I got it
in a mystery box so I didn't even know I
was getting them yeah man this is a
crate this is a great grand finale all
the stuff was I'm gonna go through
everything right now and tell you guys
what I'm gonna keep and what I'm gonna
probably sell because I want you guys to
remember like with these mystery boxes
it's not like you're gonna get a whole
bunch of stuff and only like one thing
there's gonna be certain items you like
he's gonna be certain items you don't
like but at the end of the day with
hypebeast stuff there's always a market
for it you can always resell it so this
definitely was worth it obviously I'm
keeping these probably gonna get rid of
this definitely keeping these for sure
for sure keeping this one for sure
keeping this one - probably gonna get
rid of this one definitely keeping this
and on the air maxes I'm not totally
convinced on keeping them I'm trying to
be picky on what stays in my collection
so this is the ones where I'm gonna hold
on to it right now but it might be a
shoe that I wear one or two times and
then I put them on the market so we'll
see what happens
overall I'm very satisfied with my pick
up I think the mystery box was really
really good it might have been one of
the best ones I've seen on YouTube I
know a lot of people get Yeezys and
stuff like that but obviously I have
every ez so it's like I'm kind of happy
I didn't get in easy I'm really really
happy I got the 88 threes if you guys do
want to check this service out soul
Steel's I'm gonna link it down below
make sure you guys go check it out and
I'm out of here alright guys so right
Nike and I'm looking at the Black
History Month collection the KDS are
fire these are bra this might be my
first sneaker pickup of the year I'm
about to try them on right now
I gotta admit the LeBrons are really
nice too what'd you think I think it's
cop bro cop for the price point 120 you
can't go wrong with it yeah yeah and
you're probably wearing professor when
you who maybe hey wait I look you've
been wearing a new shoe every time I
hope it's really bad yeah cuz I have so
many that they send me I'm like alright
let me test these out I love visually
first sneaker pickup of the year the
Kairi Black History Month I'll show to
you guys won't against the career but I
was trying to hold off until this
Wednesday which is to the two days away
to buy the Levi's forest pretty sure I'm
enough to pay retail on those but this
was a freaking great price 124 apparent
fire ease so kind of resistant
Brown - I got it for 100 bucks I don't
know if that's a steal or a deal I'm not
sure what these are really going for but
comment down below steel or deal 100
bucks for the ship Supremes a shovel
yeah this is how Adam opened up his
Easy's Mike's still here he's like
crunched up in the corner if you guys
can see yeah this is nothing compared to
his pickup today but pretty good easy a
supreme shovel you know it has to be
some way to like lock everything in
please lock into open position during
use oh yeah it is the turning thing
Dada guys Hector Zeroni zero no one
liked Hector Zeroni zero yeah shout out
to Cleo all right guys we'll then yes
that's how you waste a hundred dollars
are you guys so we just been chillin the
Warriors beat the Cavs they smacked them
up and you know what's funny is I'm just
gonna throw this out there I get a lot
of hate when I say anything about
warriors especially from Cavs fans and I
took a shot at the Cavs I said Cavs lol
on Twitter and people got really
personally mad about it then you start
threatening my life but guys it's just
sports you know I'm saying we're not
getting paid by the team to support them
where we support our cities but you
gotta take it so personal you know I'm
saying just relax a little bit relax
LeBron is dominant you know I'm saying
he's one of the B is the best player in
the world but his team is just
struggling right now okay that's all I'm
laughing at as his team is just
struggling and Warriors are just rolling
with it but it is what it is again don't
take it personal don't have to
unsubscribe guys stay with the crew you
know I'm saying we trying to hit a milly
but yeah we just challenge for our kicks
is back in the building back in the
building and finally Chris Mike left but
it came through you know
there let's just save you ready hashtag
be ready guys
you can't be area March 31st your boys
gonna get back in shape don't even don't
even don't even trip we out here
famished at come back up to you anyway
your boys fishing for some content right
now I'm trying to think of what we can
do right now yeah think of stuff to do
and I was like you I got all these empty
crap crate boxes and then we're like
let's just build a four-story well we do
the intro entrance has to be right here
yes the door has to be right here so
let's build the door first
we built the height be sport and it's no
a lot more to this is literally hella
fun being a holy so this is what I think
we have to do we have to put this and
then put the boxes on top to hold the
roof down
yeah it's top layer Oh me just for just
for the picture do you got the
flashlight supreme flash lightning
high so we're in our height peace order
right now this is pretty low-key lit we
got a UH you know yeah so over here we
got our breathing breathing windows we
have one on that side too you know we're
probably gonna pull it out you know with
the good we could bring our Nintendo
switch in here oh yeah collapse die die
die peace for tennis game sorry hi Beast
supreme
oh I'm dying so cute in here Brooke let
us know if you guys think we should keep
this or knock it down or like the high
piece for babies for just glad it only
took a minute oh my god these boxes are
did you get that oh those hurt bro oh
yeah the borders you got all the
protection oh my god are you pushing
your nose cue play bro oh man that was a
lot of freaking work oh that's fun
all these boxes now
