fuck again I'm Mac Park you already know
what it is I need to pick up some things
I need to buy some things I have a
thousand dollar gift card that I'm going
to use the cameras are the being clear
there was no million being here
put all outerwear mark the jacket is for
more like I gotta check out this
freaking jaws babe collab right here
this one is so freaking hard
back-to-back vlogs buying more babe all
of a sudden I'm on my BAE pies they got
tons in tons and tons of new base today
so I'm just like trying to control
myself I really want that hoodies I
don't know if I can spend $500 on a
hoodie I've never spent that much they
got just tons and tons and also guys
this is some big news right here Mag
Park is now carrying wavy baby like they
just got all the collection and I got
the wavy baby had I got the wavy baby
what hands the ones that you guys saw me
wear it sneaker condo if you guys want
to come get it they got a whole first
collection here
wavy baby yeah I would get it because
this is literally all they have right
here before it's gone get on that wavy
baby hi I really like these sweatpants
guys these are the best fitting
sweatpants I have and I'm not even
trying to be on some promo these ankles
cuff so well if you guys haven't seen my
wavy baby a video on crew kicks go check
that out I cover the whole collection
yeah I'm about to but this is this is
the only thing I'm buying
I'm also buying Yeezys I need to buy
Easy's because if you guys remember I
did a Yeezy giveaway for the Superbowl
and I have not sent the whole meters
easy yet because I have been looking for
his size he wanted either the bread or
the Oreo Yeezy in a size 8 and I don't
know why I have been having so much
trouble finding them but they finally
got him here at max i'ma get them now
and all the kind of that addition of a
place
Mickey Mickey take over a hundred
percent off no the camera back
oh come on the Phoenix that guys he's
all guys so remember la are like two
weeks ago he'd be me one on one so he's
coming to Nica con and it's his first
sneaker con it's not as like a buyer but
it's right like part of the crew so I
can actually say it's a booster so
taking a walk around
what do you want me to do oh do you a
little bit of both a little bit
illogical
okay I'll be I'll be at the booth this
is my first position
some people know me dude you haven't
gone since last year though a lot here
la la lefty right yeah no crisis like
managing my whole situation I'm his uh
foot imagine you walk around in people
like Mickey do they go limbs here so
y'all kind of left us with some is still
in town he's going to be in LA for a
minute so come here for a while I might
see him a few times as you guys know I
call them out for a one-on-one in NBA 2k
we're going to take of his life quick
I'm undefeated when we played each other
in New York and one time in Cali
I'm two and oh we're going to have a
best of three series one video on my
channel one video on his channel and if
one gate one more game is necessary
we'll figure out where we're going to
that I'm going to know another I'm going
to I'm going hard-hard i smite my name
is on the line right now bro I know
we're playing for $1000 $1000 NBA 2k I'm
probably not going to I'm going to make
that its own video but we're going to
film it today and then it will probably
be up for tomorrow's vlog so hey yeah
it's gonna be fun but we got to go get
some energy in our systems we're going
to go eat at the Grove first alpha it's
going to be linking up with a spoon to
go and MN should be fun alright guys so
fire kids came through early how you
doing are you doing we're going to stop
at Nike one time real quick and then go
back to the crib and get this 2k going I
don't know if there's any sneakers I
want to pick up but I haven't been to
Nike in a minute so oh that's just a fan
their disrespect they pull the bronze
face at the Grove
No
what will your move on no I'm you know
yeah in LA though that great nervously
how much I respect them but this is that
lay them different people of all the
wrong circle like we're just yeah you
and the coming around like immerses your
greatness
good night cancer New Yorkers be like
our team sucks it sucks that we get out
everybody feel is alright am I gonna get
the big green alright this is the lineup
these are actually flame but I have too
many one and you can stay for game see I
told you guys oh oh oh yes because made
fun of me they made fun of me like the
or yeah my progress on the bag and they
started laughing
these are fires need to do those are
hard huh hell yeah not only like go baby
damn you think we saw up here I could
low I don't think so what are going to
wear for the who plastic Chicago yes
more than 11 hello do I smell fear
I don't like this but look no the strap
is an attached to shoot its yw√≠r even
exactly hello Luke what you got to walk
on court for uh for Chicago chicken oh I
gotta go shopping - shopping with you
guys here yeah would you wait outside or
the Katie examine great all yeah yeah
Cadiz myself great Sam yeah I want to
get some new ones for Vegas too because
there's every color
no I only have lane block right at the
house so you had another color to look
at water
I bought grain and I returned it oh let
this gray this way I run me up the
Jordan 11 one
go ahead what about the brown joint you
have these two yeah I have those fierce
but my black one is different don't even
have that black so we've been at
Nordstrom for like 30 minutes now
because lemons buying a birthday gift
for his girls and family you're trying
to he's trying to solve yelling me into
cake don't say that Ron is all bruh uses
I don't have excuses got haters world
you can see any money or any animal
without a master did you you knew your
Adam knew you were taking the hell so he
left to say send me and your tour buddy
great game I just got this package no
idea where this is from but I don't even
think it's a pair of shoes but let's
open it up I miss everything yeah I
don't know where it's from because oh
now I know it is from fan yeah read a
whoa okay hell yeah later
whoa I love when I get a new fresh soft
resaw and they gave me like four of
these five of these five of these pink
solid pink socks we got those on and our
heart to pop and some socks right here I
might give you subscribe to me because
he's a Tupac's kind of guys two pockets
solid gray yeah
I need these hazards grave I guess what
is this oh this is hard
Campbell yeah this is like a desert camo
right here this is anthem as well
alright then name what it is I mean
anthem is a line that they have so it's
like more like the urban type stuff
straight off the skull on it just like
the graphics reminds me of the matrix
this is a little community Kenya another
like camel type one rocking gray hell
yeah these are my favorite right here
all white we got all black dance-off oh
yes these are the ones I actually
requested it's hella it looks like an
off-white ours
we started with one touch over like a
church a misprint on the front like this
one's hard and it looked at line rate is
three M so it's like a 3m stripe on the
back shout out to my stance family for
the tare package I have to share this
with crew so we're all laced up because
I mean I'm not going to wear five socks
pink sauce but I'm going to share this
with the guy appreciate it stance I'm
hella excited I love when I get soft and
yes unexpected unboxing but thank you
alright guys so we just finished playing
the games I'm not going to tell you guys
who won watch tomorrow's video and then
go on swim Channel and watch his video
tomorrow so both of the games will be on
there and then yeah it was actually a
good it's interesting yeah so we're
going to say it's interesting so we're
going to continue to play some fun games
off-camera and just hang out and what
causes here now I heard about that thing
called shows a shoot so these fast guys
are playing zombies are you guys suckers
all gonna go are you know Hannah oh
they're in scene 5 out of God and look
at him he already died somebody died
earlier guys I might have you know video
games might not be my thing but let me
tell you one thing I can kill a few
zombies in my day right well they play
video games in the background I will do
my post notification high piece of the
day today's post notification high piece
of the day is Joseph I'm gonna have a
hard time saying this laughing
Joseph bad cues Joseph bad screws you
are a high peaceful certification we can
do all women anyway if you guys want to
get a shout out in tomorrow's vlog all
you got to do is turn on your post
notifications for this channel crew T B
and comment down below saying that you
join the post notification curler and
Joseph said Oh sup oh yeah Joseph oh
they're too busy playing your video game
what up focus guys we are three days
away until sneaker con Phoenix and with
that being said I think it's time that I
show you guys the merch and what it
looks like because I just got pictures
of it this is the Hat right here super
limited to only 50 hats and they are
numbers one of fifty on the tag right
there I brought the tag to make it look
like that vintage
and they all start cap that inspired it
and I also decided to go with the
vintage NBA all-star from Phoenix logo
on the shirt with all of a sudden on the
back and then it's got ten stars around
all of a sudden if anybody can guess
what those ten stars represent comment
down below both of these will be
available this Saturday at sneaker con
Phoenix both are super super limited so
if you want one make sure you guys come
early because it's going to be lit
awesome it's also going to have a shirt
that's going to be available at sneaker
con Phoenix as well and yeah it's going
to be dope man I'm super excited a lot
of the crew is coming it's going to be
me swag Nina or will cost Mickey and
Optimus so it's going to be freaking
with hiring guys so I'm super crapped
out right now because I can't find my
other memory cards so basically let me
explain to see you guys when I vlog and
when I go on my daily adventures
whatever I do I carry this camera around
with me something that a lot of you guys
don't know is because I always have my
backpack I carry two other things with
me this blue bag right here which
carries this and this might drone my
very small Mavic joan and the other big
item that i carry is this this right
here is a canon 70d it's the same camera
that you're watching right now the one I
just showed you in the bathroom but the
difference is that this one has a four
lens and this is what I get all my
slow-motion b-roll shots in so I don't
just carry different lenses I carry a
whole other body which you know can
cause a little bit of weight there is
know why I do that is because I prefer
to just have the camera ready rather
than just do the whole okay let me put
the lens on to do this switch memory
cards this one has another memory card
is another land ready to go whenever I
whip it out BAM let's get some b-roll
footage there's that that for the back
start vlogging with this camera again
but for some reason I can't find damn
memory card I had a ton of b-roll for
Matt Fox earlier as well as a ton of
b-roll from the drive home that's why
you don't see a lot of b-roll in today's
vlog is because I can't find a freaking
memory card this camera right here is
what I film at home with when I'm
filming crew kicks videos and this right
here is an AED which is actually better
than
camera I used to vlog with but
unfortunately the mic jack on this one
sucks it only works if it's sitting on a
steady tripod and it's recording if I
move this moves and it just cuts the
audio so if you remember like a month
ago I was using this in the audio was
cutting in and out this is where I use
the vlogmas I'm sorry I'm venting to you
guys I just this is very tall so guess
