going on guys starting today on melrose
that is pretty late actually in the day
what's up how am i doing are you good
good over people yeah yeah let's do it
Oh nobody now lateness to one white
impatient right give me black always
find a way to make our guys so I came to
round two because I needed this ape Big
Sean complex Conti shared this one I've
been looking for it for a minute and
they had a here brand-new I've seen it
on Instagram so I came through here
that's my first stop of the day I'm also
doing together like undefeated and ovo
because I want to get a few more things
to the apartment but I'm just browsing
around seeing what they have there's
actually a huge gold box things here
today where I'm trying to control myself
in size of these I still need these man
Phoenix Rica cons if somebody has these
for a good price under 400 pollen
percent so
successful first stop got my shirt happy
been looking for this and one was
complex November of last year I wasn't
able to put a complex part because
kanika Colin is life and we were at
sneaker con New York and speaking of
speaker con four days away so secret
called Phoenix for the first time ever
we come into Phoenix with Nick account
is going to be lik and now I need to
stop at where am I going alright so I'm
about to hit up that ovo and about to
hit up undefeated unfortunately ovo does
not let me film inside of their store so
I won't be filming in there but I'll
show you guys if I pick up anything yeah
I'll show you guys my pickups in five
five four three two
what the hell that would rain
alright guys back at the crib now and
I'm gonna show you guys my pickup like I
promised
we already saw the babe come on babe oh
we okay first thing I got was this
t-shirt right here swinging ovo shirt
and it's a super simple all blacks got
the ovo right there no owl pretty dope
got that since the diet starts March
25th water bottle like this is we can
sick this one sold out online
I go you just throw on the owl and
itself that's that's all you need to do
got this over yo key change this is just
like that t-shirt logo but it's super
dope it's super big it's bigger than I
thought it would be oh there is I'm
going to use this for my my keys but I
think this is too big I don't want to
put this in my pocket every day so I'm
probably just kind of like hang this off
of like my backpack or something one of
my backpack what if I hung this off of
the ovo shoot I would be doing the most
and then last would not leave every day
when I come home and put my put my keys
and my stuff just randomly right there
was that Jordan towel but I was like you
know what I want to get something a
little bit more better than that more
better so I got this for that reason to
put like my keys and my wallet in oh oh
oh strength it it's not super big but
it's a little ovo ashtray it's white to
match like my white chairs and white
dishes and stuff like that but yeah just
the ovo ashtray hotel is very on on the
back probably not going to fit like my
wallet but definitely my keys every day
I go home so I'll put it in the corner
all sets head alright so guys what I'm
going to do for today's vlog is
something different I've had this idea
for a while now
and I'm gonna do it I'm gonna prank call
a sneaker store and I'm going to
probably call like two or three places
but one thing people have been doing on
YouTube it's been like a trend for the
past years people are calling in sick to
places they don't work I'm gonna call in
sick to a sneaker shop that I don't work
at I'm a cultural longer actually let's
see what happens a lot you're next Josh
make money hi John this is Jeff yeah hey
I'm just letting you know that I'm not
going to be able to come into work today
because I heard the muses was restocking
online I just started working about two
weeks ago I did my orientation so I shot
a comment no this is a footlocker create
a website or higher yeah yeah yeah I
just want to let you know that I'm not
going to be able to come into work today
because I don't get the music so we're
all good to go yeah okay sounds good
I'll be in there tomorrow
okay thank you so much bye well I guess
you played a log and acted like I did
work thereafter I think get his first
message all right let me call a quick
shake oh let me call a chance now okay
yeah hi I was wondering do you have the
EZ
no we have the following about oh really
do you have them in stock way no can you
check if you have each a caddy anything
that means a lot of stories you're going
to call an opportunity to think thing
the only place that I know out here in
LA and has no shoes is a place called
brown foods and Hollywood okay so what
do all whole bunch of different course
that that shoes like one of the hottest
shoes you can ever try and gauge really
also ice and wanted to let you know it's
really really expensive the cheapest
ones probably like 500 bucks
oh my god yeah oh yeah I just like like
I'll let you know if I don't want you to
call me disappointed Monday is a really
expensive shoes just because
kanye west shoe a lot of people like
that yeah I thought Kim Kardashian
wearing it I want to get it for my
boyfriend so okay yeah so like I said
there's only few stores out here that
handle and when they do have them look
at it that you just want I've seen you
are so helpful thank you so much oh well
you have a great day
we're all for me like yo you saying the
easies anyway well does every too much
and we call one more a locker Ali was
hard yeah hi this is Matt ah yeah I'm
just calling to let you know that I'm
not going to be able to come to work
today I heard there's a Yeezy drop so
I'm just gonna go try to get them easy
okay oh is it Matt oh man mayor Matt ma
TTP uh yeah oh you are mad are you
calling the right fight yeah yeah I was
scheduled to come in around three
o'clock I'll let you know I won't be
able to come because I'm trying to get
the music or you looking for whoever's
on duty okay but are you coming in for
an interview or something no no I got my
position about two to three weeks ago I
can start to work in this my third day
in that's one that you know won't become
an in trouble get them Yeezy ok in the
United is this location you need to call
your store but this footlocker right but
this or short story you look at for
sweetheart footlocker on 34th Street no
baby is a single word Inglewood um I
know honey I live in New York
looking for you need to call your store
and you need to come up with something
better than what you say so they'll fire
you put gotta buy ages on the clock so
oh man what your manager oh wow right
here
yeah with a season right now ok
she ran up coffee there you go give I've
recorded it said you can read it to me
hi guys so that's it I'll probably do
more of these videos if you guys want to
because I don't know if you like it or
not but if you enjoyed the prank call
sneaker shop franco's hit that thumbs up
and I'll do another one and before I go
because I'm gonna end the vlog right
here because I've got a ton of emails
and editing and things to do for the
rest of the day that I know that I'm not
going to leave my apartment I got to
give my PO to post notification I can't
I never can say it post notification
high peaks of the day put my hat
backwards for this one three stripes
like a D that kind of Tanks my
accountant ain't no service in there
Malan again if you guys want to be part
of the post notification crew all you
guys got to do is hit that post
notification bell and you will get
updates when I upload a new vlog and you
can get a shout out the next day by
commenting down below saying that you
just joined the post notification crew
today's post notification goes to
Fernando Fernandez shout out to Fernando
Hernandez he put a whole bunch of
Mexican flags right here post
notification crew all the way from
Mexico so shout out to the homie
Fernando and thanks you guys and the
rest of the crew for watching today's
vlog if you guys enjoy it again hit that
thumbs up Phoenix
don't forget I'm coming this weekend
with the crew for sneaker con comment
down below what sneakers you think I
should wear if you can come this weekend
and that's going to be a wrap for today
I appreciate every single one of you
thank you for joining me dream crew
family up see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog and I'm out of here okay
so he isn't really woman
