Oh son I'm pulling out the convertible
baby like wrong way
on the column Berger group trying to
find food fingers to my brother since we
recently made him buy a pair of enemies
and now he won't wear those to the gym
because he doesn't get myself or there's
no momentary let's see if she has my
good luck
Robert well I haven't been winning
lately it's been a while but let's see
if you can do it what are you going to
go for cannibal yeah so basically you
move this to adjustments and then you
hold it down and you're like ah yeah
yeah let go when you wanted to go in so
when she says you have a crowd watching
weather with no pressure no pressure you
have a car watching
I was tanning at there yeah 30 seconds
and to listen a little little for
justice
oh my god I was actually pretty good
okay you did a window whatever I wasn't
bad for my first race hopeful the group
of Poirot
my god drop a little higher what angles
are you doing
though it's too high now chameleon
burger bro
oh my god that was so close
give another player that's it I remember
any tell good good job you did good now
you see how it's done on you chance baby
my god all right well she took it out
like I usually do even though I thought
I've won six obviously anywhere
yeah okay well I have won six times that
I've played a lot but you got to be
consistent with it you got to play a lot
and it will finally pay off and you'll
end up you might spend two three hundred
dollars but you can possibly win a shoe
that you would have to pay like to me
$1,000 so it's actually a good
investment not show up to go to this
morphe store but it is guys we just had
the best burgers in the world I figured
out how healthy yes Friday get it in
your burger it is amazing now we're at
the Glendale mall on a wheat bun yeah
and I've been going by this new model
that she put into my head which is
there's always a healthier option no
matter where you go whether you had a
pizza place or a burger place or subway
there's always a healthier option but
the size starts when no March 25th March
25th pathetic but anyway we have worked
at Glendale mall but I did some shopping
now for Vegas is we're going to Vegas
have a good one so since I didn't get
any sneakers at sneaker Con we walked
into Adidas and they had a shoe that I
was actually looking at so you could con
at wait what and they had a one pair
here in my size bottom I'll show you
guys when we get back to the crib but uh
yeah we bought something shout Adidas
vend√¥me all it took care of us because
we just literally drove down Melrose
with the top down not even trying to
stunt or anything we're just trying to
get to the adidas court and Melrose is
pop in I mean everyone in them yeah
there was like hella people outside
round two there was like a whole big
crowd somewhere else like it was insane
but I said what's up I'm a nice person
has got everybody
I guess his last resort here to find her
brother I get the second is he does on
Melrose the shoe palace one they
actually have what we're looking for we
should have to keep they have two pies
no no luck guys what do you think of
your Melrose experience so far okay all
right good so this is what I picked up
from adidas today these are the NMD are
two white Mountaineer with ideas come up
there I mean a simple shoe I really like
the three strikes going off the front of
the shoe obviously it's got tons of
gustan just like that r2 does so that
was something that I really like I still
want that other right not near the eqt
but this is pretty dope too so I'm
probably just going to pass on the eqt
and keep these for now another one in
the collection all right guys so
everybody's here guys this is
unexpectable it is expected by shot
everybody man I beat him twice okay
double call amount I call them out
messenger in theory so how much sounds
like $1,000 I'm a winning $4,000 and a
dare who's this yeah oh
look I beat you in your city in virtual
basketball and real basketball now you
in my city he's without a boat I don't
want to do it that's all right
no out of us because no one no one other
witness but you wanna play for some
speaker what is beginning is you why not
alright maybe some use easily too
handsome I'm gonna take them from you I
would take them from you what's going on
guys check this out basically the reason
why the vlog is so short is because my
microphone died for most of the vlog
yesterday not going to spend a lot of
time talking but I do want to make some
major announcements because I've got the
inside scoop to where the next nikka con
hoops classic is going to be but before
I tell you guys that let me give you
guys a quick walkthrough quick rundown
quick update of what is ahead for myself
and for the crew the next stop is
sneaker con Phoenix this Saturday March
18th after that the diet starts on March
25th don't forget to dinosaurs March
25th after that we're coming home for
sneaker con Bay Area April 29th and I'm
officially announcing it right here
right now
I'm going to release sneakerheads be
like part 7 the day after sneaker conve
area which is April 30th and then here
is the next huge announcement for
sneaker con hoops classic if you don't
know what the hoops classic is it's when
we bring a basketball court to sneaker
con and all your favorite youtubers and
social media influencers go at it on the
basketball court can give you the dates
yet but I can tell you what city were
coming to because it's very very
anticipated I'm excited to announce that
the 2017 sneaker con hoops classic for
the first time ever is coming to Chicago
so sneaker con Chicago it will have this
nigga con hoops classic the roster will
be announced soon there's some new
players this time okay I'm giving you
guys too much information and now it's
time for me to give you guys a post
notification hypebeast of the day
today's post notification dream
Kru high piece of the day is King Kong
production shout out to the homie King
Kong you actually has a like a picture
like a baby picture in an office
Rex ham right there but shout out to him
he is the post notification high priest
of the day if you guys want to be both
notification high peace of the day all
you got to do is turn on your post
notifications for this channel and then
comment down below that you're part of
the post notification crew and tomorrow
you could get a shout out thank you guys
for watching again I'm so sorry that
this vlog was short but I'm about to
start my day so hopefully tomorrow's
vlog is a little bit better I'm just
taking care of some laundry right now ya
gotta get my day started so I'll see you
guys tomorrow I'm just trying to make a
great damage winter grip I'm just trying
to make a grip yep in five four
