alright guys so we just got to sneak on
Cleveland I want to show you guys
something so over the past year we've
been using just black drapes as our
backdrop and it's always been right next
to the correct protect booth so finally
after a year of doing sneaky cons we
finally got our own official backdrop I
came up with the idea the sneaker con
family made it happen but the
inspiration behind the backdrop is the
WWE hell in the cell BAM
that is the new official backdrop right
here we've got this fence this black
fence we've got the dream crew logo that
like fabric so it's pretty dope we've
got the stands and they came out perfect
just as I envisioned yeah this is going
to be set up at all the speaker cons
we'll still be taking pictures of the
car protect booth but when we sell the
merch we can like hang this t-shirt
we're selling from the corners have the
big logo and just represent dream group
that secret con and the next step is to
have a banner hanging from the ceiling
just like we retired to Jersey that's
this way you ready 34 30
okay I get a DS yeah are you sure and
then I also made you these things with
oh we're name on this horn no so yeah
that's right ended up paying careless
cruises and then I got my youtube
channel
yeah go ahead of Brandon Canard PRA and
do and then in my life MCSA and arity
okay guys so it's been super hectic
everybody's been complimenting my hat
Ryan is here what's a compliment to the
hot food thirsty little bro keeping me
warm I'm not going to wear it I'm going
to change but you need more than 1000 s
minus all the other law that is being
recorded up like four degree high class
in 30 that's what it is let me show you
guys the gusto get all the merch right
here this is all the restock merge that
the Hat we got some one box of Girl
Scout cookies
we got everything hanging we got no more
we already have a lot of you doors
haven't even opened we have a line so
shout outs all these guys waiting you're
going to take care of you guys too and I
30 minutes we have 30 minutes to go
running around
yeah no no I wish
I'm hungry figure it okay I gotta get
you underneath hmm
I gotta get you on Oh welcome I'll be in
the 35 when you get it oh that's my
camera I don't have this blog in
professionals
is going the world Shelter Foundation
found the cars couldn't see proper today
because he's made a mistake so you got
odd shoes on some could you not see what
you were doing
this is something everybody got 35o by
every day we got like 25 minutes to walk
around and see if we can find some deals
right now so why don't ya thats my size
but my man won't sell it to me giving me
the L somebody offered him 10 grand and
he didn't even start so I can't say
can't take it but this gold joint I seen
him in New Orleans and he's one of the
lucky dudes I got that gold 31 and I was
like I had all access and I still didn't
get those upgrades checking what you
pulled out the art real quick
I appreciate thank you so much April
going on you're doing kilonewtons how
you guys doing how you merchants hot bro
the hottest thing on the block right
yeah yeah look at my boy got a food yeah
I got a booth over here man nigga JT a
lot of high-end guys how I started this
YouTube channel we're gonna link it down
below also subscribe it was a bit much
yeah who has a better beard humor Teddy
that's what that's magical now over here
that's magical and the real gave your
head I would supposed to shave my head
once he hit 150,000 soft if he did it by
the end of February he didn't get it so
I kept my but I think I'm think I'm a
shut-in and donate it yeah you know so a
large is all I got Ian Edwards
well I start tomorrow anyways guys are
tomorrow so you guys just look at all in
my face go out Zuger it wouldn't even be
close like this is a I'm a short dude my
beard is short this was Molly finally a
lot of the doors open but I'm like
rushing through see with us apart
without them all of a sudden I'm trying
to see without sex get real quick and
open what's up right with Agra how you
doing all right so we got David guys Oh
Oh big guy why are you going to play
soccer from hey whose badge is this
talking on my Instagram in the first
comment again hey let me paint them
Tiffany for you I guess we out here
secret con Cleveland come through what's
up we love so we got a little bit of a
line not too many people showed up but
it's all good
Oh
have you ever seen a size 20 and MD I
was like no look at this thing this
thing is like almost double my head
what's a help size 20 and Indy and you
can't go for 300 let me know because
that would be a dope display in my room
I'm not I don't pay 200 over yeah we'll
talk we'll talk alright that's pretty
much all the mercury oversaw we only
have like that shirt the basketball
shorts in and like a facecam hoodies
things have been moving it's been crazy
man so we're taking a little break right
now my man right here come on you guys
remember him he was on crew collections
a youtuber and he set me up and I knew
something was fishy from the start when
I seen him I'm gonna show you guys so he
came up to me and he's like you'll find
this photo I'm like oh cool a little
framed picture of me this is dope how
nice I find it he made a huge
announcement and he ripped it open he
made me sign a contract for my entire
Nika collection so it's coming to my
house if you read the fine print it says
either the sneaker collection or a huge
shout out for his YouTube channel so
we're going to give them a huge shout
out because if I give my entire sneaker
collection I lose my heart and soul so
basically subscribe to my man he's got
some great content he's young a hustler
he was on Foofa like Jays got a dope
secret selections over TV on TV we're
going to link it down below go subscribe
and that was good job thank you thank
you go trusted my friend Brandon he owes
me money it was me five bucks if I was
on the ball so my friend Jackson owes me
ten
cackling kettle and rally you know what
it is describe 83 TV humble for the
Apple fence I put you thinking another
cause for your MOU we're gonna play
right now I think I think the dope I
really like those wait 11 - reminds me
of that so I mean good quality help
George I don't get dude I don't get you
into it not what I don't know okay I got
the whole person here at Falcon anything
for ya huh
anybody got wellness I know I know a lot
of things that I can't say I've never
this is destroyed with other boxes in
there hey when you come there we got got
to vote on yeah called out for whatever
you guys we might close nice hey guys I
go to my show dr. Faisal CTP is enemas
ooh hi guys what about this
then it goes like the evidences but
whose days are
each led sir
mojito
particularly
we were selling this no coupon show lazy
bugger like punchy confounded how do you
can test it for the beaten with anything
to make the full flow
we will do by then you decide and have
yourself a seat right here
today we're funny again called the price
is high so basically we are going to
show you three sneakers we're going to
give you a price of that sneaker you
have to guess whether the retail is
above or below the price to give you if
you can get two speakers correct we'll
give you a free t-shirt o'clock go you
ready for their absolutely not first
okay so yeah I got it's been helpful to
okay you guys can be like up up down
there yeah Jordan one bread right in it
oh yes order for the new what 2016 oh
wow these prices are kinda fishy
we're going to take these going up going
for $300 is it higher or lower
I remember that hi they're going about
400 to 500 dollars next you the pitch
black and in the crease is going to be
listed at 72 72 70 lower or higher
a couple always I want I want to say
lover whoa whoa keep the water futility
I'm not worth it is leave what guy -
that is great oh yeah we got that red
stripe - we're going to say that these
are going for about $800 I want to get a
perfect doesn't take long to eat the
name on it right and this is ten and a
half - lower lower lower they are on you
for a hundred and five dollars yeah we
want that you look at rippln how the
cream of okay you all give you one it
would be nice to to protect is over
Maddy got the present a great the best
in the business but your other
because the newest product like
represent don't you anybody has these on
I can't be speak you listen to the blog
right here
thank you guys Jesus love you know he's
always wearing crazy things to sneak up
on what's on now how much did he saw
like 10 20 thousand I saw nothing right
I'm gonna burn them like be richer with
other women guys the diet is supposed to
start on the 25th that gives me two
weeks to eat all of this shout out to my
man he brought all this room I had to
hook them on screen it√≠s nice much my
side so Marchand exists and your respect
to do about you John Oh Jane rods are
you to KN our TV that's a and our TV my
sister go
Olson shut up Michonne hunger every time
and little ray-ray stop we were a child
on my mom shut up honey
love you channel all the funny Joey
freezing them Loggins rod talks like a
freakin nuts out the kite as David said
the Seneca South so Marco shouts Julian
he's crew shout out I just wanted to be
in the vlog yeah what is up guys world
of log shout to my channel at Matt Myers
go watch our vlog it was lit thank you
guys are enjoying the character creams I
gave this to him my youtube is Brandon
Canard so go check me out and not stay
for my Instagram please make it oh man
so we are back in the room right now
and I am exhausted I was Cleveland let's
just say I talk about it all abroad
nobody said everything so yeah it was
really good and the crazy thing is we're
going to be back at it with sneaker con
Phoenix next weekend so in one week
yeah back to back I think we only did
that once last year Phoenix sneaker con
for the first time ever make sure you
guys come out it's going to be something
very very special just like tonight was
shout out to everybody who came to our
booth everybody who showed love
everybody that bought merch we picking
sold out of everything to show you guys
the stuff that I got well some of the
stuff I got I got this pillow this is
going to be dope in my apartment shut up
to the restructure cago fam it's like a
easy box pillows pretty dope somebody
gave me some like vintage Michael Jordan
cards so
this vintage Michael Jordan Cloris I got
another Batman pop of people a few
people have given me Batman pop systems
like a summertime isn't like sending
trucks with a surfboard so that was
pretty cool dream crew all of a sudden
slide these are crazy oh my god
custom slides and custom Nike slides
right here and they made him into Gucci
flip-flops
fur on the inside to make them super
comfortable for my name on the bottom
somebody made me this this is the
YouTube logo the home he gave me these I
showed you on camera I've been wanting
this for a while now these are the Kyrie
Krispy Kremes deadstock brand-new last
year when I came to Cleveland home he
gave me the carmine stickers I was
hoping to see that on me again I don't
think I saw him yeah
you know honey determination makes
excellent preparation makes reference i
don't know ii 21 2005 copy pods to keep
myself up so we can edit and a few guys
in LA in three two here you do it from
giving more industry oh i didn't end the
ball yesterday so I'm going to end it
now throw on these last few clips of the
vlog that's already edited I did it on
the plane and I just want to give the
post notification dream crew hi piece of
the day today's high piece is sneaker
tech who says put part of the
notification crew Club shout out to you
shout out to everybody else who
commented if you want to get a shout out
on tomorrow's vlog all you have to do is
put on your post notifications for this
channel crude kick crew TV and comment
down below that you turn them on or
comment down below that you're part of
the post notification crew and you could
be tomorrow's dream crew hype piece of
the day so thank you guys for watching
chopped Yucatec shout out to all of you
guys shout out to Cleveland for the
great day against nigga con is next in
Phoenix on March 18th that's this coming
Saturday so if you're from Phoenix make
sure you guys come out because it's
going to be lit are going to have
exclusive merch I'm coming with a few
members from the crew and obviously the
rest of you guys tomorrow I'm out of
here P
sayonara
