what's going on guys so we just got to
the arrow
I've been in the airport for a minute
but we're about to get on our flight to
Cleveland right now fire kisses hi AME
ready for the Bison this week we learned
the land or all southern Cleveland but
how much Oxford on the run all weekend
it's going to be lit swag and Omar are
leaving from the Bay Area so they're
meeting us there
and I'm excited man second sneaker
corner of the year next week is the
third is Phoenix so let's catch this
six-hour flight and I need to sleep
cause I'm tired
not my changes because he doesn't want
to sit by me get a liar
what of God we are in the plane right
now guys just got the Cleveland there is
no B roll transition of the plane flying
because I had IOP not a window seat so
yeah we're here I look cool I know what
is propolis when we break damn
our day is pretty much gone so like the
only thing we can do is like probably go
to dinner
Omar and flags flight got delayed so
they're currently in Chicago I think I'd
like you to watch for side piece of
Jordans own flag no one knows his real
age he says he's like a Jordan defend
like before like what the Jordan with
their prime supplies wasn't even was
born saying watch Jordan played live
yeah you want Jordan played live like
hollering like for like three four years
old something fishy he's got to be in
this 40 okay so here's my offer today
I'm going to get every single youtuber I
can in today's vlog and I want them to
answer a question food or air that is
the topic of discussion
see this you see it I think I've never
been picked up in a truck for an uber
this is only in Cleveland
so think all the youtubers are staying
in our same hotel so that's a for all
five characteristics way too cold yeah
we just got to our hotel but we're not
even going to stay here is only been
here for like a few minutes we're going
to go to the mall which is really close
because it closes an hour's which is
going to go check out the mall too
literally if you don't do that today we
will never see anything other than the
hotel tomorrow morning with grabbing
breakfast with Roman Atwood haha please
let Google barge is getting got it call
I'm actually jogging to stay warm this
is the only way you can get me the run I
was a bad idea yo I just seen these for
the first time these things right here
or fire but there's no food no food
also guys so we just had chili and it
was fire park you could you think
Jessica they didn't give you a big
portion the school substituting before I
even had my first bite Samuel ready for
tomorrow
oh yeah I need playpen indeed I didn't
feel if you find them let me know please
so if you find someone selling to be
like I'll buy to off you if you give me
a deal
I don't have green I need 10 right so
this is you're the first person having a
life after first boost or air eyeshadow
in the know if I even own air okay Bruce
loud boost more boost in here and we're
basketball also there were me I forgot
people for actually athletic performance
out use air look for just casualties to
is inclusive I mean I would wear every
bad pop I don't play basketball pry
boots like I mean I grew up on Nike but
for me like this is just like what you
guys like to watch now and it is way
more comfortable it loose is so much
more comfortable to night me pretty much
ever was except for the Roshi yeah booth
my wall in my seat groom like I am like
booths and then like Jordans and then
like high fashion and not repeat it
only like waving over my whole wall my
voice evaded from Afghanistan with this
world God have the head bump guys gotta
have the husband sir would you come run
made it from the North Pole so let's
check the weather can't what careful is
freezing it now we know why the bun is
still rich yeah he's actually Pitt
activated only one bed v8 cut off the
bed I'm going to ask you a question here
youtuber now but air or booth
comfortable what do you what do you mean
this is general you what's better air i
i i personally think air said yeah what
are you wearing blue stuff but i boys
been Erica this is all year 85 sir I
can't be disclosed hahahahaha you know
they used to Google ask you energy
I mean I was born with air but I got
good give it up the booth and doing the
job we got to ask you a question though
air or who cares
come on air as you're decked out in the
view everyone's gonna say air but
they're over you do this believe it or
not we are in the gym we're about to do
a workout fire kicks is working out and
sandalwood about to hit the treadmill
we're not going to go too hard
Mike's over here having like full-on NB
practice work out whatever I'm not about
that life I'm just gonna do a little
light workout and break a sweat not the
one there was stuff Connor what we got
on time it was fun see you Sean is all I
want
you saw potential I've never knew I just
want to happen to know was that vision
for something new we love each other
that was alternative fact let me go
within holding me back stick to the plan
if you know it's a rock it's easy to say
but I do it too
you know I'd rather just be with you for
Levin with no shoes attitudes can't be
continued
you got brains and the front let's take
a trip on the love alarm okay if nobody
knows give anything to see first this is
what I've asked everybody today what's
not already yeah booth will air right
now or just in general in general all
air is just has so much of a legacy
right now who's just winning right now
boost is winning right now both air air
man Air Jordan like air max like it's
just air would you breathe right now why
he didn't walk right now has the
technology and everything that's going
on you know saying like air has been the
same stinks yes they going on for 25
years they haven't changed it boots is
like something new coming I feel like
when we get older boots will be around
filling and we'll look at how people
look at air bags night
- Nullah free wherever you leaved out
there like a frog believe Friday you
know there's not anymore like it normal
voice Wow we're gonna hear more about
the anything what's the question here oh
I get you
I say hair for classicness on the buffer
comforts um I was like Nike or adidas
I'm going Nike answer then what you go
on there you know okay well you know one
of those guys look something like
alright guys so I'm back in my room it's
actually pretty late it is 3:00 a.m. I'm
like why away because I slept the whole
plane ride first and in Cleveland was
still cool because we got to hang out
with all the homies even though we
didn't really go out we just got to hang
around and have some fun talking cat you
know my whole test today was the boost
versus air and I kind of want to
continue this into tomorrow's vlog
because tomorrow's vlog is at sneaker
consult seeing a lot more people and
getting a lot more opinions so maybe we
can make this into a huge or video so it
all depends on how tied up by MSU Khan
because they can get a little bit hectic
but in conclusion for today's version of
all the guys that I asked today it seems
that air has one because it's four to
three
but it's my opinions I haven't given it
to you guys so what I have to say boost
first air obviously air has a crazy
legacy you can't disrespect it you gotta
respect it no matter what so at the end
of the day even though boost is life at
the moment and boost is the best
technology in my opinion comfort wise
and it's going to do amazing things
we've got a tip perhaps to air at the
moment because I love Air Jordans I mean
I don't wear air maxes but a lot of my
sneakers the majority majority of my
life air has been on my feet so I'm
going to tip my hat off the air but
right now 2017 I'm choosing boost as the
best obviously I guess everybody can
agree on that but when it comes to verse
verse as far as what legacy wise and and
all that air we're going with there your
comments down below will be appreciated
let me know what you guys think boost
our air and we still need to give the
post notification shout out of the day
so let's go ahead and
take out our post notice notification
person of the day today's post
notification crew hypebeast
is Adam Swain so shout out to Adam all
of a sudden he said I'm down for the
notification crew the crews down for you
guys want to get shouted out in
tomorrow's blog as a post notification
hi peace of the day all you have to do
is turn on the post notification for
this channel crew TV and comment down
below saying that you turn on your post
notification and that's going to end the
vlog if you guys enjoyed this vlog day
one in Cleveland go ahead and hit that
thumbs up everybody that comes to sneak
a call tomorrow I cannot wait to see you
guys I appreciate you guys I will be
trying trying to replace you this is so
dangerous I pray every day I would say
there's a lady
