mommy could you laugh slap just want me
get you little slack you just want me to
cut your last slide me cuz I got
what they lack just want me cut you real
slack
what's going on guys so we are starting
the day all Knox we started our day
pretty early huh I took my car to BMW in
the morning to get maintenance kind of
debating if I want to I ate or the Range
Rover but that's another subject we had
one meeting earlier today and now we are
going to our second meeting of the day
on a Thursday in La beautiful Thursday
perfectly I think we should start today
by doing the notification shout out of
the day and said I don't want you guys
to think that we're going to do it at
the end of the vlogs every day we're
going to do a random times of the day do
you know about the notification crew I
heard about that you heard about that
actually I thought I so let's see who
we're going to pick right now because I
just posted the vlog like literally like
20 minutes ago you want to be part of
notification cool all you got to do is
turn on the post notifications for crew
TV vlogs comment down below that you did
it and you could get a shout out
tomorrow I am part of the notification
crew but he put a C but it's okay it
should be a cute name is Jack Catchpole
I like that name shout out where
was it Jake cash pull you are today's
high priest of the day they already
Jackson High junk
thank you alright guys we're going to go
to the second meeting of the day we'll
check in with you guys after the meeting
so meetings ended it went very very well
and now it's time to go grub sponsored
by great price today yellow and green
what your friends the VIP vlsm will
happen nothing happened I set out to
Mickey's
pretty good you can move it speak pretty
well you know when you when you don't
want to play hard so you're like alright
I'm a guard the guy that looks like the
one that's like less least athletic and
isn't going to do anything is that make
you just put a work on it but let's just
say we all take else and we bounce back
that nicely good hair but should not
have bounced back so now I've got to go
hard in the gym fam but get rid of those
two Marcus doesn't you or you get them
in Pelican colors so we're going to
spend the rest of the day working on
different things we're going to be
working on the website we want to switch
up the website do include calm a little
bit of future merge because today's the
last day that I get to see these guys
before I leave to Cleveland they're
leaving La Russa like leaving the
country soon right where you going I'm
going
London resemble Dubai and Scotland
Swedish guys have me so searching oh
happy thinking on another sample
it doesn't work okay oh you know
either MIT when you got to buy it is
like you say you go
okay so guys I have you guys have seen
the blogs when I drink all my shoes here
and so um I have like a thousand dollar
store credit what I want to buy because
I might get some stuff for the apartment
that they just got a bunch of babe stuff
so still need you I gotta find you soon
wait can we see the price now I know
yeah you can say effect I think there's
no I have those there bricks that are in
my kitchen to bake ones and they have
different ones they have different
percentages they're not by size or by
percentages this right here these huge
ones are what all of them this is a two
thousand percent each they're worth that
these things are worth a hundred
thousand dollars each and you guys
probably think I'm over-exaggerating but
I'm not because well Brenda well there's
a Landon right here so Armani he could
see him like on the back or money one of
one day break with a honey a lot of
money if you guys gonna buy come to my
party they got it here fans but to say I
might have to get one from my apartment
but I can't even I have to like sleep
makes me think exactly look at all of it
is raised up but it's not me on that
thing
yes and in not such guys look at this
they have supreme metro card for New
York City I even know why you guys have
these people but you want to buy one
they have them here if you sell for over
a hundred dollars I either will not even
be surprised like much room
35 I'm gonna buy one oh yeah
when I go to New York yeah expires in
2018 to $35 guys the pre MetroCard guys
as a mini jet break the same ones are
having like kicking you these can be
like the kids all one
we get answer a reversal oh my god can
you be like yoga we are beefing of our
heart our I mean your courage to kill me
right now
thank you thank you yeah it is a whole
hundred all the sudden shout out to a
Socko and a shout out to our talk is
also mankind taco you guys know no
shelter no one no one no character
Christ and macports
hi guys so I just left mag and I spent a
lot of money on babe which I kind of
regret but I think it will be worth it I
actually just bought this babe keychain
so I always about 40 bucks keychain
thingy I'm gonna put this on my backpack
not my keys because I feel like this
will rip off quick so shout out to mag
park I just got so gasps because I
stalled this right here and I thought
they had the Nintendo switch but it's
really just like this $60
bro I don't even know what that is so
tomorrow we do have our flight to
Cleveland I don't want to eat junk food
I really am going to try to control
myself you seen it
I'm going to tell you something March
25th the diet is going to start we are
going to go hard March 25th I've been
going to the gym the past couple of days
but as far as like the actual diagnose
which is a big part of getting back to
shape March 25th
stay tuned our guys so I've been
cleaning all my hair looks so flat I've
been cleaning my house gets so dusty I
don't know I don't know if it's like
just because it's hardwood floors or
what it is but like my foot gets dumped
dusty so I've been bought like that's
offering it like every other day just
because I like to be a neat freak but
anyway usually when it comes to sneaker
cons I make new merch for every city but
I wanted to test something different out
because instead of just having one shirt
and like one hat for sale I was like
what if we have multiple products for
sale so that people have options you
know what I'm saying so everybody can
choose pick and choose what they want
rather than oh that's the shirt either I
like it I don't like it I do apologise
for the people who did want an exclusive
shirt for Cleveland but Cleveland you
guys get the chance to buy merch that no
one else has access to anymore so we're
bringing back the Space Jam collection
the shorts the hats both colors and the
hoodies and we're bringing back to 2016
tour tees the ones that were online that
were super super limited and we're
bringing back a few other t-shirts from
past sneaker cons the only ones I'm not
bringing back on I feel like a high B
shirts because of those just just like I
don't want to make any more hai be
searched so I left those back into 2016
there is one brand new product that you
guys get in Cleveland and that is that
all of a sudden antisocial inspired hat
the black with the pink writing you guys
are the people that get to buy those
before anybody so we'll have a few of
those and then on top of that I have to
warn you guys the number of quantities
in each size for each product is really
really low like there's probably like
only 5 to 10 hoodies in the Space Jam
collection and there's only like 10
shorts or there's like 10 hats or
something like that
I don't know the exact numbers but it's
everything is pretty limited so if you
do a plan on picking up some of them
please come early and the reason why I'm
talking about about all this is because
as you guys know I just moved into my
apartment and I just opened up this box
to see what was inside of it as I was
cleaning and I found some t-shirts these
t-shirts were meant to be given out to
friends and family but I didn't give
them out because all my friends and
family on the bay and I just always
forget to take these so I'm going to be
bringing these to sneaker con Cleveland
and I'm going to be selling them I think
there's only like seven of these six or
seven of them but it is from last year's
tour this is the five pillars dream crew
collab key it does Rhian crew five
pillars and then on the back it says all
of a sudden camp pretty big right there
so I have like seven of these I'm going
to take these to Cleveland and I also
found friends and family shoe trees we
did not even release these he released
these but they were all solid white
reasons are clear and it's got the o7u
in crew logo and then the truck of five
pillars logo right here so I'm going to
be selling these and I think I'm going
to film like super cheap like two four
five dollars or something so if you want
some shoe trees we're going to have a
few of these to take with me and then we
are actually doing like I told you guys
yesterday we're doing the first ever
easy boost days no no take that back the
first boost day because you know how to
do air max day I was like you know what
let's have a boost day so this Saturday
FC cook on Cleveland it is boost day so
make sure you guys wear your Yeezy boost
for the first ever you see booth collab
picture I don't know what we're going to
call it but everybody who has easy boost
on we're all going to get together and
take one giant picture for Instagram and
set a world record world record most
Yeezys worn at once I know everybody
doesn't have easy so if you don't have
users just wear booth boost we might not
put you in the picture with all the
easies but you'll be part of the boost
day so okay guys on a real note real
talk get that thumbs up you're in
Cleveland this weekend I'll see you at
synciq on Phoenix I'll see you next
weekend Bay Area you April 29th
everybody else I'll see you tomorrow
love you guys dream coup
just mommy could you laughs laughs you
just want me get you less slack
you just want me cut your last lap
me cuz I got what
