how much goober know how much per user
is beers looking kind of nice free okay
kid
is a rugby office going on guys but
today we are in the stands headquarters
and we're going to be playing basketball
here you know I've been here before I
don't know if you guys have seen the
vlog when I came here before but I
brought them none of them have been here
so we'll take a tour of the headquarters
play some basketball hang out have a
good day and uh you know just different
files you ready
yeah man I need to get my Redemption on
you for sure
Mickey's here Mickey you ready yeah you
carry Stan's that matte gray of course
climbing haven't if they have to so we
just got to the Stan's course if you
guys didn't know Stan's has a basketball
court in their office is freakin insane
on top of that they've got folks
okay first of all let me tell you guys
I'm never bringing these guys anywhere
okay well car shows up with no socks
okay
he's got the just dawn Mo's on right
there what is this thing not DeMarcus
Cousins he eats and he got traded know
that right yeah I know pretty bad be
like King says be like I'm honoring his
Caesars with the Kings by wearing his
shoes crew come just put wearing nike
socks and what is this whatever you guys
house stuff so of course I pick out
which team we wanted to wear okay see
Miami he's the Knicks these are all the
words I got rejected I'm wearing gold
and state never be false are one of us
yeah well you go I can't he came with
the Kenny Johnny underneath these are on
pre-order on adidas calm should I say
what he toss out the Wexler
oh my god you're not playing today we
are not today not today
where's that thank you so calm
yeah I got some coffee soup Oh is the
water you guys are moving in the crazy
both the world so far so good
super comfortable boost for basketball
Mickey or you believer or no nah man too
heavy too heavy carry for everything
yeah carry game do potatoes
uncomfortable though it's because the
four so it doesn't have sumac that's why
they're so cheap
yeah break them a little bit I mean
you're four foot depending on how you
use it could be uncomfortable yeah I
only him big guy so you know a lot of
your work and you know I'll get my guys
on the hill well happy fast
haha I just lost my role I'm living
there it's this Jenna sent it Marcus
cousins used up the curse we're all
playing basketball and then I look over
and describe Acosta's frickin riding in
a little journal fan what is this your
diary I heard about that I've connected
and I watched on a motherfucker
Oh defending Miki Ando first person oh
here in the cameras on got your number
five yeah in the easy in a row oh my god
right a pony hot my whole life go hold
out and get back up drop your hand
gideon easy huh not a good idea
alright guys so I just got back home
today with a great day shout out to
Stan's
for having a shout out to my friend
Albee for having us I got this Doh gift
right here that I'm going to show you
guys check this out first of all
branding on this box is though let me
open this up real quick so this is for
if you could go above and beyond to take
care of your sock basically this is like
a little bag right here like a travel
bag and it's got like this ostrich print
line here I travel a lot so I'm actually
going to use this you can put your sock
right here and then you clip it down put
a couple right here you could put your
iPad right here pretty sure this is not
something you can buy this is like a
gift type of thing yeah this is the
schedule for the rest of the day is to
stay home and relax I am exhausted it's
been a long day we just spent like the
last three hours in traffic which you
guys did not see we do have a lot of
shoes chilling here I need to find some
more room to put in here I have a few
empty boxes actually like there's a boy
actually might use these that I'm
wearing going there I do want to say
that I owe you guys for sneaker
giveaways so if you want to be one of
the lucky winners of these giveaways you
have to watch tomorrow's cooking video I
know I said today but it's actually
tomorrow's cooking video those are all
giveaways right there I need to ship
those out tomorrow so remind me
yesterday I went to the gym and I use
these on the treadmill and they're
honestly not that bad I have two copper
by the way I have the white stripe and
have the green stripe like let me just
try one of them in the gym and see how
it that way holds up you know that's
like a little strapped to it I'm
probably not going to use it this is so
dope this is perfect for what I was
looking for like when I'm traveling and
I just want to put like my wallet in my
3m
9899 Toronto Raptor show here two bodies
you feel me
alright guys so fire kicks came over to
eat all my leftover snacks left or this
guy got special that you guys don't know
about I don't expose you guys I'm oh my
god grind right now but anyway as you
guys remember in the last vlog I talked
about giving you guys a shout out in
every single wall if you guys become
part of the notification crew so
basically what you got to do is just hit
that little bell it's somewhere over
here you hit the bell and then you get
notifications to your phone every single
time I upload anybody who comments down
below and tells me that you did that you
your partner notification crew you get a
shout out so let's go ahead and give out
our first shout out it was just pretty
random out of scrolling through the
comments and I saw another guard this is
going to be my first shoutout so T dot B
dot K production so shout out to him Tbk
productions
you are the first shout out in the
notification crew so comment down below
if you wanted to be tomorrow's vlog
shout out you want to shout out anybody
fan starts okay shout out to Cleveland
because we come in here that weekend so
this week and so then something crazy is
always happen what are you wearing a
little bit wearing Jesus for sure it's
what we're doing boo stick you got that
booth day as you guys know let's calm
this team as you guys know every year
Nike does air max day so this Saturday
at sneak on Cleveland we are having the
first official we starting this
ourselves
the first official booth day originally
I did say we're Yeezys so hopefully
everybody who has the easies can wear
them because we're going to be taking
one giant Instagram picture with
everyone holding up the easies that
they're wearing but if you don't have
uses for some reason just wear your
regular boo is it going to be a fetus
using only guess because it's a boosting
okay so yeah
I'm wearing v2s I can't say which ones
let's just say stay warm it's called 20
degrees oh great they're doing it you
guys know what there is to do in
Cleveland it's up for any other we're
not waiting anybody to eat hell yeah
you're not healthy but go to places to
let us know yeah comment because we have
Friday night to go eat so that's the
only day we have to let us know and
that's the end of the vlog hit that
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow Chaterjee unless you say get
those ankles tape there what's all that
that's trash
