what's going on dream crew family
welcome to another beautiful day out
here in LA it is so gorgeous outside it
is a little chilly little chilly and I'm
kind of sad I have to throw on a jacket
because I want to show on this dope a
Star Wars vintage shirt I have on the
bonds are nice I do want to start the
vlog out by saying I'm starting
something new on the vlog so basically
this is what we're going to do is you
know YouTube messes up time to time a
lot actually lately and like videos
don't go to your Starbucks
so everybody should turn on their
notifications if you don't know what a
notification is it's like it goes
straight to your phone and emails you
and it tells you right when I upload the
vlog so what we're going to do is if you
turn on your notifications comment down
below say you're part of the
notification crew everyday in the vlog
I'm going to shout out one of you guys
as the high beast of the day
how can you make those better
the dance for tomorrow popular boxing
classes to wear a poofy Rebecca right
now Boogedy Boogedy bucko I don't know
the food is good here don't worry I'm
not eating pops or anything I got
chicken but anyway yeah we just go VIN
killin talking business plans merge
plans merge ideas speaker con SF merge
we already have speakers on London March
niekirk on SF merge Nagar con Phoenix
Marsh and Cleveland is this weekend so
it's gonna be with
we need to bring those are perhaps all
the cool background very creative
Instagram trying to control my urges um
the first time I'm not the one getting
the big is there I hit I went to the gym
this morning guys
but I didn't wall good cuz I don't want
to shoot oh yeah it was the gym this one
here remember
no no my apartment how are you have
membership release no Equinox doesn't
charge me because I got a new card so
like you don't have my information to
charge fees building yeah okay I guess
it's Lambo here I don't know if this is
a person this is in a person's car right
this is like this felonious why would
they know course 100k if all my
subscribers give me $1 I can afford this
park there you go from holding one
challenge yeah guys are you down
okay so we just pulled up to Melrose
right now we musta hit up like round two
and see what they got never know every
day they got new stuff up in there
so maybe pull out with some more guy got
my shirt from there if you guys remember
Farooq needs to get some Vincent you
need some high-speed offense
this is hi-c shopping on Melrose GM look
you might leave with more stuff than all
of us he's the biggest heist piece on
the load look he's got osso bucco shout
out to some hand for him I started to
pay him for him the landlord is another
high piece on Melrose
like that I guess mean round three right
now first thing that caught my eye was
this ovo yes I do have a pair from
Jordan brand but this pair right here is
used so I would definitely prefer to buy
these so that I can use these and wear
them a lot this is my size 9 and a half
they're going for 450 and see if I can
get them for a little bit less than that
I guess so I ended up walking out with
the ovios got them for $400 double the
retail price but that's still a steal I
feel like because they're going for like
six seven hundred dollars I wanted to
get another pair so that I can wear them
a lot so I want to make it like a beater
might even have to would he see the next
week's classic he's only you never know
sneakers on my from Toronto I've said
too much
we're still walking down Melrose still
doing more hi be shoppin you know when
you go shopping with your friends and
you like encourage your friends to buy
things but they never can find anything
that's how I feel today right guys yeah
man yeah yeah way to go hey girls or no
we found that you always take else and
never bounce back so I'm walking guys
and I see this ugly guy on the Billboard
who is that guy who is that guy why
would why would they allow that ugly guy
to be up there who how much do they have
to pay the lesson the city of Los
Angeles let them put that face of this
oddly faced guys the funny thing about
this billboard is just going to be up
there for like four weeks and the obsess
was three days ago
so we did a lot of promo for something
that ended but it it's all good I'm not
ripping my face about Melrose high so
we're cool cakes now and I want these
but I'm not trying to pay 400 for these
I know they go for like 400 plus first I
don't even like these but now I do like
these they're a shoe that you definitely
need to see in person but I don't know
there's just I think they're like
everyday where it's just not I don't
think I want to pay for it all this for
those but another dope shoe that I like
is this right here this is old-school
meet 2017 I have these in my part
not apply on that let's just say GM you
spot these are the new kiss naked clouds
right here it's a very different and
weird shoe there's no laces but you know
whatever someone changed freely from the
LA weather huh we got two very dope
sneakers two of my favorite ultra boost
that have released in a very very long
time and I'm really excited that I got
them so I'm going to go get them right
now can you watch the camera while I
leave real quick or you gotta come with
me all right come with me come on let's
go all right we got two speakers to
unbox here here open this one there you
go
fail I had to pay reset on these but we
got the silver ultra booth aka two Super
Bowls I don't call these a Super Bowl
and people weren't crazy for them and
then they realize that they're not that
limited pretty much silver ultra boost
is dope these are going for like like
$350 now they go for like $250 so I paid
$240 for these and then I actually found
them in stores for retail but it wasn't
my size but I still paid $250 to these
but these are freaking dope these ones I
didn't even know it comes in this box
but this freaking box is sick like look
it just looks like a mirror like you can
see my camera flat we're done now this
is the craziest ultra boost unboxing you
will see look at this box is like it
every angle every side of the box is
reflective mirror and I didn't even know
they came in this box until I got em we
got these off with Peters calm shoutout
to optimus plug he did his thing and he
helps us get this look it even has
little handle on here which is so
freaking dope and it's going to open up
because these are my favorite ultra
boost that came out in a very very long
time man they did the pit this is but
this is a real pitch black upper like
3.0 pitch black upper with this freaking
blue like very very beautiful blue cage
and then you have to like the lime treat
vault lining with a pink inner or the
purple inner and then the thing that
tops it all off is that it has a black
boost with the red bottom bra looks like
more of like an orange but also
something that they have right here that
they have on the gold medal ultra boost
is the gold heel cup I think that just
makes it pop off because without that
it's like whatever and then just see
that gold and you're like oh my god and
I'm really happy that I got these even
though retail was 250 so with tax and
everything they came up to 270 yeah I'm
really really happy I got both of these
I haven't actually got any old Toulouse
in a minute
I got some when I returned them but
these are definitely two of my favorite
that I've got
you guys don't know anybody does I don't
wanna make videos on the internet you do
there is no nobility in power
