but it was the way I don't know careful
the number one is like work
alright guys so we started a vlog off in
Blake's house what's up and I was a show
last night I said crazy so many times in
my vlog yesterday that people are
literally commenting like damn this show
must have been crazy because you said
crazy over 25 it was listo what are you
doing having me up on the state uh No
thank you for coming and thank you for
you gotta send me all those pictures
yeah so picture yeah what did you expect
a lot of people came in there and they
were like expecting us to just like do
sneaker unboxings on stage and stuff
like that so well I really like the
rough section with the with the brothers
that enough now Cyrus you're those great
years I like sent you the pictures that
was really funny too
and I like how you guys did that secret
game show like yeah I wasn't cool the
game shows though what about my game
show character was a good that was funny
I got all the tricks in you in a way -
he took the the necklace yeah better
change guys so we gave away the chain
the friends-and-family chain I gave
break one I just got with that put it
online or well we don't sell these we
only give them I've only given them two
very close friends and a few family
members and I had a I have a few extra
and I gave one away yesterday the kid
that won it sold it for a hundred bucks
outside of the event or in the event or
whatever I mean whatever I'm not gonna
you know say exposed or anything like
that I don't know his name or anything
but he made his money and he made a
hundred bucks off the chain so you
regretted it after I came up to him I
didn't know I'm like bro why'd you do
that
yeah it's all good though shout out to
him chat up everybody yeah we gave away
keys or breakage yeah her another
brother yeah she shot this is crazy
you also got a song yeah so we're gonna
get it
we're going to want to it if you guys
remember where's this the shoe you
already put into one of these cases yes
it's right there or if you guys remember
when I was at UN like about a month ago
I played the keymaster and I won DS and
I knew Blake didn't have this one in
this collection so I just gave these to
him so yeah complete the face of
blackjack because you know what you need
to fix gonna see a whole TV collection
on you know I completed that or did you
the last time we were in here with Mike
under construction and move it back but
now you got like to fry no I'm gonna get
something soon that you don't have them
okay you got the Kobe ace which one the
Kobe hates the peas oh yeah I kind of
got to the stadium for 30 grand
Hasan already repelled oh that's high
seven though I wish you'd showed that to
me at sneaker : yeah
even though she think they're ugly and
no but I'm getting something else that
you don't have really what is it yes
you'll kinda get rerun or better I am
the what the 3d running model is
something to you and you attract this
yeah it's club it's gonna be my most
expensive sneaker purchase these in the
black these are sick no no not these I
could I got these from Chicago restocks
ago yeah they have a couple tops gonna
be like writing it singing some these
now they're just a little bit yeah the
one that came out there's only help
about 200 pairs 157 to the drink screen
crew friends and family guys so more I'm
looking through Blake's collection and
I'm just like bro why do you have vision
and I'm just gonna I'm gonna pull out
five sneakers that's it the category why
does Blake as me so this is why does
Blake have these part one
number five because they're sick these
are the Kobe eight whatever they're
called Russell aka will cause his jacket
from live in the hive all his KD why
does it have a Knick just so easy
well I'm not going to wear these off the
court okay even better why this bleep
have these why do you have two of these
I can't double up double of sisyphus
you're right those I beat I played a lot
about small notes and then my dad like
these okay the plug like Melissa push
blood I know you're gonna say Nisa I was
what are all these customs of you bro
Alec home Aidan enough who are from this
good Anelka Oh probably these on the
feet bro what is this Donald and
soldiers with a Shack of like went for
time you knows what is being lost
everything a train guy interviewing from
the nice and clear story Thank You Cisco
in Las Vegas that's it for today's
episode catch this next we go to the
other end get this just 40,000 like
we'll be fighting and you'll make it
into a crew kicks thing yo then I'll
tell me post it on time anyway crap
protect the number address later
so you just felt like a little skit for
Blake's channel just like mo logs title
my new rolls-royce
the good thing about having your family
over is they do your dishes thanks daddy
all right no more talking about live in
the hype every single blog for the
people that did not like me doing that
well I had tons of fun yesterday I can't
get over it was honestly one of the
funnest event I've ever done back to
unboxing things now this one right here
I can unbox this is from Puma I can tell
you that but I can't unbox this on
camera yet so we're going to save this
for later this one right here is
surprisingly this is from you guys ready
for this Nike what did you yeah that's
right Nike sent me something this is the
first time Nike has ever sent me
anything I haven't really been too happy
with the way Nike has been doing things
in my relationship with Nike or whatever
it was I just had like a full tee side
to Nike but I still go buy their
products if you watch my vlogs
consistently you see me buy their
products you see me go into their stores
about Kobe ace in Miami I bought LeBron
and Air Force Ones in New Orleans I just
ordered the Paul George ones online so
it's like I'm still supporting them I
still buy them there's no way you cannot
mess with Nike unless you're loose God
because he's religiously into booth like
a thousand percent but someone like
myself who just love sneakers I love I
love old I love I don't know how to say
but you I can never give up Nike
officially and I'm really happy to have
this even though I have no idea what's
inside of here I doubt it's a pair of
sneakers because it's rather light but
like it's like a girlfriend that you
know on and off but they don't even know
that you're in a relationship and you
think you're dating them and let's go
ahead and open this in and see what's
inside we got a little dust rag and it
says equality a shirt that says it to
guys
here all this is over the Nike SB jacket
right here it's like a camel jacket you
guys know another camel this is dope
what is this big ass tiger here so far
so good we've got some Nike check pant
and these are $195 $195 text pants
definitely going to be rockin bit so so
far so good and this is the thing that
kind of brought some attention to my
eyes is they sent me a basketball this
is really dope this is going to make for
a dope house accessory so this is all
you know what I think disclosed with
their whole like the chatter tan theme
from maybe New Orleans the New Orleans
vive enjoy these goodies on behalf of me
and the Nike family yeah thank you thank
you like I was saying before no more
live in the hi promotion to the
obviously the event is over with I do
want to let you guys know that there is
some key dates coming up for myself if
you guys want to market in your
calendars or if you guys just want to
mentally prepare yourself you might know
of a few of them because I have spoke on
it this coming Saturday we are coming to
sneak a con Cleveland I'm coming with
swagga Diddy Othman and all marks so
it's going to be dope the whole crew
well not the whole crew but a few of us
are coming a lot of YouTube sneaker
heads are coming so Cleveland is going
to be list March 18th is Phoenix which
is the first-ever sneaker con in Phoenix
with myself admit Wadi I believe I'm not
sure if I was you had a percent and Mena
and swagger Didier coming to that one
and then after that we are coming home
baby we are coming to the Bay Area for
sneaker con now I know we owe the Bay
Area a lot of love because that was one
of the shows that got cancelled from
last year's pour we haven't done
anything any events in the Bay Area
since last year's sneaker con so I
promise you to all my Bay Area family we
are going to make sneaker con extra epic
for you guys on April 29 I'm coming home
the crews coming with me special merch
just for you guys that will never be
sold anywhere else and it's going to be
late London is May 27th the first ever
sneaker called in London the first ever
international sneaker con I'm coming
with the crew I'm not going to say who's
coming with me but a lot of people are
coming there's other
that I cannot announce to you guys yet
because they're not 100% confirmed but
if we did not say your city right now I
just want to say stay patient because we
were coming to a lot more cities for
sneaker con as well as a lot of
international cities and countries for
sneaker cons so stay tuned 2017 is
looking amazing so far it's been amazing
so far and I'm so excited and one more
one more thing before I bore you guys to
death wait what was the date with March
25th 2017 the diet starting be ready
alright I gotta go through
