yes yes yes yes I already got a bi just
tell them it stays on - dog always
thanks all right guys welcome to today's
video so we started it off with a little
skit supreme resellers be like where we
are right now we're actually in Arizona
we drove all the way over here for a
damn photo shoot that's how dedicated we
are I'm just kidding guys we're actually
wearing Joshua Tree Joshua - Joshua Chi
with Christie cameraman and watch us
haha let's just say don't call it a
comeback new channel coming soon come
back we're doing a whole bunch of photo
shoots and video shoots and stuff for
his channel we're doing mainly as I
showed you guys last week five pillars
just drop their new collection so we're
doing like a lookbook video for their
new stuff right here I forgot about this
hoodie but yo this place is freaking
dope like bruh the scenery is amazing
it was a file from the rocks I did not
fall for the water man I didn't yeah
I'm spider-man bro we've already been
here for like there
we did these smoke grenades so cut to
the when we did the smoke grenades
because these guys were scared to use it
Oh first time cache about to pull this
thing nobody's doing have you done it
before what do i do just pull it off
pull it hard yeah is he gonna smoke
grenade gone wrong ago and they just
spiked that weight and then you just
click hold like that it's freaking just
oh my god I can't with this guy I can't
with him I can't why you scared of
just let him pull it pull it stop doing
me why you got ladies freaky like it's
gonna blow up on you it's gonna blow up
pull harder three two lord Palardy I'm
doing it oh my god clearly he does not a
pullout Wow
so yeah do you guys you saw that but
anyway yeah so we're finishing up we're
almost done we're starving originally we
were gonna go up there show them right
then show that but you boys are tired
out here so he's just gonna go eat after
this we hungry angry let's just say we
hang she's coming back though so chummy
with the chubby gangs back baby
be ready ready be ready be ready March
31st
watch the blasters you see take it away
we're gonna finish up right now I think
it's only right that we transition into
the official five pillars lookbook for
the what do you know what season it is
it's spring or is it
with the collection nomads collection
sorry Farouk nomads collection 2018 in
three two one
guys I am exhausted we grind it out
today I showered I feel a lot better I
feel amazing honestly I don't I probably
don't look amazing like you know I'm
saying I probably don't you know I
haven't lost any pounds but my body
feels amazing because I've been you know
I'm saying I've changed a few things in
my diet I've been active you know yeah
you know not I haven't been have you
know I've been playing a lot of
basketball you know say that's still
cardio one thing I do is I don't eat
past 8 or 9 p.m. I haven't decided which
one sometimes I'm like on the verge of
it being 9 p.m. but that I'll get a
snack in right before 9 p.m. but I don't
eat past 9 p.m. I cut out sodas I've
been drinking a lot of water I'm trying
to get in shape
hashtag comeback of kites March 31st Bay
Area speaker con I'm coming for that MVP
trophy I'm coming from my 3 point
championship you already know the drill
anyway guys I have also been waking up
very very early every single day today I
woke up early linked up with Chris and
yg as you guys saw now I come home and I
see something that is just so beautiful
and I'm just so blessed to see this
every single time I walk into my house
it was gone for a few days but it's back
again ladies and gentlemen my beautiful
sneaker first of all I know I let CREP
protect bodies they brought them back
very nice all in great condition you
know I'm saying got the I didn't really
talk about these boxes I always show
them to you guys but I haven't really
done a review but I feel like that would
be kind of boring but then kind of
wouldn't because I kind of want to like
tell you why this is better than okay
let's do it real quick ladies and
gentlemen we will call this the quick
guys crew view crew crew yeah crew view
today we are going to be crew viewing
crap protect crate this box is made to
keep and store your sneakers in the
crapper tech crate is gonna cost you $40
for two of them this is the box that
they come in and two of them come in
here and they are not actually built you
have to build them yourself now you're
probably wondering kites why would I pay
$40 for two of them when I can get one
of them for $10 I can get two of them
for 20 bucks here's why this one is
better and I'm not just saying this
because I'm a brand ambassador I'm
saying this because I really really
believe in it you see the color of these
they're clear that means yellowing as
for these bad boys they are not gonna
yellow because obviously it's a black
container the reason why they went with
a black container besides the fact that
it's like kind of like a CREP patek
colorway the black protects this from
sunlight and light in general which will
keep your Sneaker from yellowing itself
so not only will the Box not yellow but
this is gonna help prevent your sneaker
from yellowing see these boxes these are
a hundred percent plastic and another
thing that happens is these things end
up getting loose and they end up
breaking and when it breaks you're
pretty much screwed because how are you
gonna you have to like dig your finger
into the door to open it and I have
maybe like I have like probably like 10
to 15 of the boxes that are like that
but with this box you don't have to clip
it it is a magnet so you could just
throw it you could just pull it down and
it opens simple
so overall the only thing I really
didn't like about this box it's just the
fact that you had to build it yourself
but obviously once you get past that you
don't have to do anything it's perfect I
dropped these while I was building them
and carrying them because I'm an idiot
and dated and break these things are
durable
that's why I'm getting rid of all those
ok the Chi so more mini review is a
that's not what it's called now as if I
didn't talk enough if I haven't said it
before subscribe guys we are very close
to 1 million subscribers guys 1 freakin
million subscribers I believe right now
we're at nine hundred and thirty-five
thousand or we're very close to that
number also I didn't even mention this
but a quick plug for five pillars
obviously I showed you guys all the
clothing it's definitely gonna be linked
down below if you guys want to get
anything from the new collection I'm
gonna turn the camera off but I want to
let you
know that my night is not over oh my god
I keep fixing my hair
alright I'm out of here I'm gonna let
you guys look at my freakin messed up
hair one more time I'm gonna go call me
because your boys
