and the clock and I'm super tired but
all the sake that I'm thinking me why
the time of Guinness so well god really
been messing me I don't get ahead of
myself but I got interested no I'm not a
scientist but all of this is hand out
he's got a knee that's my older brother
we chop us on the weekends I turned 23
reporting live
what's up man I took a shower with those
a lot of shower with his headphones on
so let me say something fishy's
nighttime off is hard guys right we just
got to our dressing room right now I
mean it's pretty dope but we are
noticing some fries some like yeah
basically a we have a fridge right here
perfect so yeah we're going to actually
start doing rehearsals but there's so
many people here like way more than we
expected in a world these industry
people over let's go down sir and check
out the visor yeah help me on this I'm
just doing camera or video was right no
pictures no pictures my video good to
see from you today
alright guys so I'm going to show you
guys the merch booth right now as you
guys can see this is what we are selling
the Merc we got that log in the hype
t-shirt event t-shirt we got the limited
edition t-shirt right there we got them
all on display two options for people we
only made a hundred of these so these
are going to go fast and this is only
going to be for this event if you guys
didn't know I took that picture a couple
of blogs ago and we put it on the shirt
stuff gonna be dope
we
what you got on stage our DJ / host was
here Mickey hopefully he doesn't slip or
fall on stage like he did in the last
two videos we don't want to get any else
so they know else today fans my ankles
hurt
alright so y'all ready for live in the
Haight Wow get the show started we go
everything's coming along guys we are
doing no more more more in rehearsal
flag you ready born ready Jake oh damn
born sinner you ready ready as I'll ever
be broke damn Wow again see back there
you ready fast are you ready I'm jumping
over you broke yeah we did a test run he
jumped over me but we're going to do it
again I got a run a little place is
everything together yes if you don't
know why and my name is Christ Omar on a
YouTube videos I've been doing it for 10
years now but guess what it wasn't easy
in the beginning I didn't come with
office you know when all my subs and all
that it took hard work at the time
dedication it was hard work Nigel I got
no sleep followed by long days and you
know I grew up in the Bay Area and I
have a close friend too you know every
day they pushed me they motivated me
nails down
you know I'm thinking that this YouTube
video anyone here has a lot of people
actually what sneakers I'm wearing for
today's show for the first half of the
show one first time we're in these easy
two so the second half of the show my
skit kind of robots around the sneaker
but libras shot up and making for this
shot fired back space the celery what
sucks is like you put so much effort
into a video so this is the very select
bunch of VIP people so shout to all
these guys these homies right here came
all the way from Stockton which is like
I was six hours right six hour drive
they were the first ones here and
appreciate every single one of you guys
here and you guys all get exclusive
shirts I don't know why you want to show
them the shirts they get they're very
simple but they're dope we got the date
and then we got the one of 50 on the bag
just so you guys know there's only 50 of
these and it's made just for you guys
you know with the VIP people right here
and all of a sudden I can't get my eye I
see people okay I stated
chocolate-eating Ryan I gave you chousen
luv and Kush a yellow guy starts
tomorrow so tomorrow yeah my sister
she's right there man getting us these
tickets drove all the way from Stockton
man so love Karen said on my man kinds
of doing great things I think when you
talk together first things you do more
things like this Roshan mentor I know
murder
yes all right guys so VIP is all wrapped
up we have to go backstage now and so we
get the show started because they're
about to open the doors for everybody
else and rock man yeah you guys got a
cheer right you guys got to be the
loudest all of a sudden how you doing
good it oh hey
Murch life you know how it always is all
right guys so one more hour until show
time you ready you've been doing this
you know what my first time apple juice
apple juice apple juice get you a leak
Oh shots and ego is on the ones and twos
right now everybody else's role in the
dressing room chillin chillin chillin
chillin chillin Farooq came in here oh
no what I want up industry by vengeance
upon all the way in
I'm not nervous right now but I know
when I picked our first step on stage I
will be nervous I love you
oh right justice O'Connor
angel Xbox to make the exercise which
almond is not my usual you want my turn
my party bug stay cuz it are 0 to 20
bucks
let me gorgeous Ryan's in here fam you
ready I was born ready I have enough
practice though it's alright he was even
my wait money nothing for practice oh hi
guys five minutes until show time we get
on stage the jitters are coming
told ya now what chance to say this is
the easy you guys can give her here say
yes know you know you know give it that
ideas 25 seconds let me put this in the
fire here we go here we go montage we
got 25 seconds and that's 25 seconds
we'll start in 5 4 3 2 1
Wow
Emily when were men and applying to
school offers an audience of people in
the town form you know we also live
oh my god guys we just wrapped up the
show and it was so freaking dope man I'm
gonna kill the holiday thank you so much
man it was amazing Saturday week was
amazing I loved it he was go man Blake
came on stage with us Thank You me show
you guys here he got some baby shots man
hey shout out to this guy right here
look like you had a good time sake
Russia thanks for having me ready bro
well done on to see Bobby Bobby Bobby
Thank You Man is that all right guys so
the event is finally wrapped up we
finally got out of the venue honestly I
know I said this before but honestly
everyone that came out spent their money
on watching us and spending the Friday
night with us thank you guys you guys
made tonight amazing the turnout was
ridiculous man so many people bought
tickets at the door it just so freaking
dope I appreciate you guys the shirts
pulled out the Melrose shirts sold out
and I was going to keep it exclusive to
the event but I might bring them back in
a different style we'll see but it was
super super dope oh I appreciate
everybody again shout out to me to watch
you for helping out shout out to Mina
for running the sales booth yeah come
show the Farooq will cost for freaking
handling everything and
flags are coming through Bobby Ryan
everybody but I'm taking wrong turns bad
all right i le life like you said who
got the better outfit applaud or free
and comment down below so the guys can't
mess with the Chinese my Kobalt school
he doesn't know the color is the cobalt
blue having everyone here before us
because you made a wrong turn now we
just grew up hard everybody care but
everybody's sitting separate because
it's so busy quick shout out to this in
and out they gave me some free gift
cards because my three-foot-long I don't
know it's part of like five books that
is it BAM
we are leaving calling it a night I know
I didn't vlog a lot of the event because
I got to save it for a surprise in case
we take it to other cities but let's
just say thank you guys for watching we
will have them nope so what's our
apartment first
lots of dope dope dope so hopefully this
is a dope vlog but well some dope
pictures on Instagram and all that stuff
I can't thank LA enough man you guys
made tonight very very special
you guys had our back you supported us
man you made us look good and for the
people and everything was B you can't
fall you have any last words for for the
crew saying I'll make your dreams a
reality I mean honey
I'm Shannon to everyone that but a shirt
thanks to me yeah I didn't even get the
Melrose sure so if you guys got them
yeah is that you yeah big bad yeah big
fan of yours okay
ten o'clock and I'm super tired but all
this copy that I'm thinking maybe people
wiring the time of jitters no real God
really been missing me I don't get ahead
of myself but I
