the
we
yeah
mmm I like anything mother
Wow look at the mid school they did a
crazy ass knowing me and he'd be alright
guys so we are inside Nike right now we
came here to see what they had real
quick and they had the Paul George's but
they had one size left which is eight
and a half and I really want those
hopefully I could still get them at
another store I don't know how many
stores got them because I hear they're
limited but hopefully we can get them I
like vultures as you guys know it's none
of my favorite place and all of a sudden
Hooper your kicks on court review with
high yeah
Agnieszka sneakers to work for Cleveland
I know I really think your thought he's
coming with me office come with me all
Mars come with me I think we're going to
head to Melrose now and we're going to
go to adidas because this new collection
that job
the Vela bhai
I like this an example of this one is
that these are hard Fury
oh wow this fool is crazy
have you seen this man 2.5 million in
child support rough
let's keep you I don't know the fake or
real but that's some creepiest ok so
they didn't have the collection guys
they have it online but you know I would
obviously rather get it in person so
don't worry about shipping we're going
to walk to the rest of Melrose and I
think Farook and would cost in GM or
over here too
ok so we had to stock these guys and we
met up with them on Melrose Luke yeah
pajama pant open up what up what cost
businessman
all of a sudden let's go on to this
store right here I think it's this one
right here they got like did you guys go
in here if you're looking for old ah
Snickers that came out like 15 years ago
this is the place to go oh damn the
vintage it here like 30 years ago gee
hobby like all those high-tops yeah yeah
there was so much forward ikita akashi
to the accident as gorgeous and we have
a light brown for the genie back you
know the freakin human rights go to unit
you feel like I had the spinning chain
off on eBay and it wouldn't pin so I had
to put like wd-40 on it I screams oh my
god these are so freakin sold
getting aware of the day Cucina huh yes
we ought to the barely stand a year you
guys coming out who I'm to have a gate
yeah
weekly income hell yeah bro free killing
gates to the manatee convict doesn't
show in LA we're going yeah let's go
he's been telling me to come and they
grow there were two shows he did in LA
before he got locked up and we didn't go
you have to find more so we just got to
the Beverly Center I don't come here
often but we are coming to hit up a few
stores because you know that's just
about today and also another thing like
obviously good to see like my hair
poking out of my hat I just want to say
I'm letting my hair grow out so yeah
we're a Jamba Juice right now and Bruce
told me to take a shot of what is it
wheatgrass so I'm going to take my first
shot of wheatgrass and he's going to
take a shot of the ginger the ginger
shot so it's only my first shot I don't
know each other before you've done it
before
let's say guru is helping see being
healthy now look at this it smells
disgusting yours look serious looks good
but I don't cheese kiss from try get
something all right
it's like one second of just
disgustingness Lee there's no way now
you can drink down one freakin no you
can't do that one but you actual did a
big out go
Joseph up on me a second one was words
had too little like little pieces of
draft at the bottom how mommy's going to
take my knife roses know what's up
causes it has an aftertaste of Geronimo
happier shot is on the little plate you
have how old bar shot so shot yeah I
wasn't as bad as I thought it could be
it was so bad so got a little bit left
there fast my scroll is on - fired
a little what good sneakerheads welcome
back to Kruk cakes someone shares freely
from the LA weather huh
he should eat out look hi
I take you just farted on here open this
one open it a little bit freezer there
you go now let's get a little bit more
time there's not a celebrated already
another thing alright guys so as you
guys can see we are doing our last
practice before tomorrow show tomorrow
is the big day live in the hype at the
El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles if you
guys are coming and you already bought
your tickets thank you if you have not
but you plan on coming tickets will be
available at the door VIP is sold out
merch will be available if you guys have
seen my merch I posted it on Instagram
earlier and the Emma and everything is
pretty much looking perfect we're going
to be giving away stuff we're going to
be like interacting bringing people on
space surprise gifts it's all coming
along and it is really really dope some
super excited and I'm tired but I got to
go home and head in you know that you go
copyright is black people
 on that so far
I guess so rehearsals all done music
swaggy you tired I'm tired you don't
mean it up and see not that he on the
end is your mom going to be very tiring
- is it possible so I come back home and
Omar has a package over here he brought
this back from the bay I don't know why
he had to come and font it in front of
all of our faces but if you an unboxing
right now we don't know
oh yeah okay not secretly no but all
right
not all you know okay as they say stay
awake they woke you in a row to zoom in
the road see what we got here
why for unfortunately size 4 but you
know we had to you know get lucky with
anything you take a L on our own sizes
but no size for it's a little more more
value more valuable than my own size I
don't know in the door for me I know
that 350 s but let's see what they
really are
wait a minute there's white on the
bottom hold on I got myself another pet
let me see oh my god it looks really
weird if this is more flood will just
say that new plug isn't sounds these are
but for my favorite Oh a who i holloway
they have to be my favorite so far
always this pirates it and then a turtle
house
pirates and in turtle no way this is
beautify their ecosystem of seasons red
the best community are you Jesus Arabic
I think tired black turtle does Dennis
these two they go one D these are the
best beaches I think no I'm not eating
really turn around don't may be wrong
either sick these are harder bed
unseemly we got so cryptic in retail and
now you got to flip on we're going to go
put these on consignment at matok Park
anybody want to come by them they need a
size four come to my party if you
willing to pay the price though just
know that these are going to go more
really ya know if you don't come Friday
it'd be something wrong with hello slick
huh huh he's in the baby sizes that it
shouldn't really say happy birthday
chocolate just going up tomorrow right
yeah I've read that fire I love ya
birthday sorry kid I'm gonna go to sleep
I'm not going to go to sleep I gotta
edit this video got a head of cookies to
let in Post another zio you guys two
more giveaways now no excuses and you
couldn't do it man no editing no filming
I did some cookies today but I don't
have time to edit it out of here if
you're in LA make sure you guys come to
live in the hype it's going to be late
I'm super excited for it and I hope
these guys
