okay guys don't mind my hair or anything
I just cleaned
I'm a mess got my couch and my coffee
table I'm using that Yeezy shoe box as
my coffee table my apartments clean for
my guests coming and now we are going to
start to vlog off with something that is
just freakin unbelievable I believe it
all starts this because thanks for the 3
2 1 let's go guys as you saw from the
drone footage we have a freaking
billboard on Melrose that is so freaking
dope it is so unreal this how big our
faces are in this weekend primetime
street GM's in the building oh yeah
welcome back for vibes groups doing some
business but we got a freaking billboard
weight ak-knit sets it off with you know
some well again that's freaking insane
all of a sudden lives in LA for freakin
two weeks and becomes the damn street
model your shoes match the wall tell me
why Farook was the way the baby passed
the day I will where's your that G RFID
guys this is I got our faces right there
like we have a billboard on Melrose hype
up the show this Friday today you guys
are watching this on Thursday so the
show is tomorrow if you live in LA and
you haven't bought tickets to the show
you're missing out and we're doing crazy
things like we ever miss a billboard
like come on I'm about to get ran over
and now we're going to go eat right now
before fukken GM's I go to this meeting
GM you going to the meeting to a lot
finally to show you some expect the five
pillars the impression you get with
perhaps by some weird guy just pulled up
I have some ritalin why are you wearing
deep headphones wasn't he just driving
for six hours I'm dead
no it is worth a but why are you wearing
this already has the workout you know no
it's no diet so so I get in LA let's
just say you ready for Friday May ready
we are but thanks one of the special
guests yeah might have to make a special
appearance as well you never know yeah G
what is it the guys coach way next week
alright guys so we're back in the crib
right now and I'm putting a working on
GM right now let's just say he's the
first victim of this week that I'm
beating and uh he wanted to quit the
game but I said we gotta finish it off
though I'm telling you guys nobody could
touch me into K a splint
how does it feel be my plan on Xbox one
all take your force all know this
camera's off guys don't say that
yo we just homeless guy right here bro
and I think the second day you got
talked into give up oh good yeah I don't
got no artistic Drive animal in the
middle of the camera thank you updated
and you've won one in SMS alright guys
so we just got to the El Rey today for a
light nice little mini rehearsal right
now and YG's not here what cost not here
so we're missing some of the people to
lend us but me and I met are just
planning out to the show right now flags
here as you guys know and anybody who
remember the homie Bobby is here that
this man is many physician man I don't
think they're ready one last time you're
in a vlog first your first of all you
were in the first time I met him was
because he worked at PacSun came up as a
fan just happen ok she's actually in the
title of that because you were using
turtle does to work ever have is Bobby
Machiavelli helping the man out here so
much you got on with you with your show
let's see his work shoes that well I
kicked out kicks and I'm I appreciate
you man that's how I met him and then he
ended up being friends with Alex David
and then we just were cool since then
and he's appear at if you guys have
heard his song is in my previous vlog we
need new music from him he's working on
it so coming soon so he's performing is
going to help us close out the show is
going to be dough going to be turn on
stage I'm fine I don't know why so I
guess head for since why swag still have
headphones right what is it
I know like why are you wearing
headphones ah yeah gotta get your you
know shun came out of the car legs pose
for the six hours drive ever Shia
LaBeouf you can eat chocolate is go
hey dad a movie not a plan Bangu the man
for what they really need because they
was really new really to college and we
would you say guys we should be tough on
for marketing and when does that are
getting returns another bike now we got
the mic going everybody thank you it's
gonna be little business it'll kind of
wad you and yeah onesies are you what do
you come from
I'm I have to take over firm I might
have to take over no comment how many
people have heard about that actually
hmm
finally we found here why do us know
talk to my vlog now yeah why'd you I
haven't seen you in the hollow their
first cuz this how much expose you you
should not have Western in the title of
your name and you know why wait what
remember we talked about in Dubai I'm
not gonna expose you right now but just
know I can I can ruin you in why do
remember I will take through the wire
get in it but I got a lot of explosive
the by tuna today we were in the
apartment you know say those rulers day
there's a lot of moonshine Christopher
Seider
there's a lot of noise I've got my
sneakers off shelter a place for these
mutts unbox come on cool cakes today so
make sure you guys watch that I got two
shoes to embark on to take specially and
I got another giveaway and this fool was
heckling me all rehearsal Sam your your
hey why don't you want to go to the gym
fatter that was rude yeah you want to
replace him in the two years I got a gym
he ain't been going to the gym
alright guys so we're pulling up the
Mo's mower Melos we're pulling up to
Melrose one time because I'd wanted Glod
you want to see the billboards my legs
are so tired from freaking the bungee I
mean bungee from trampoline yesterday
that was fun but it was exhausting
though the first was work out my legs
got like a couple weeks maybe months
rehearsal went great
the shows going to be dope billboard
alert it looks so crazy
almost like eight deep Alex oh nice
in that economy Foom when I try to stay
long enough but at the point that random
how can Michael Clements technique our
guys back at the crib now good day long
day everyone's here for Marcia the
baby's here I'm excited for first time
in LA my niece is you know I'm talking
about she's taking a shower right now
got put things to unbox but I think I'm
only into the unbox one because the
other boxes record shout out to win and
JC they're playing the background on the
big screen but we don't love to pause
then later
I waited following did I wait to this
three months I think I waited three
months for this it's not a pair of
sneakers though this is the Big Sean I
decided like special edition CD fact
this is before that pop-up shop was
amount so I bought all the stuff that
hat this is a t-shirt that I think I
already own oh no this one's different
so this one's devices that decided to
album cover I don't have that one we got
that hoodie and it says I decided back
because I decided I wish this was a zip
up is a go album right there and I'm
going to a show is this months going to
be looking he has one mannerheim and one
in LA so I live tickets the effort am I
have to call this lovely thing about Big
Sean leaving adidas for Puma and I guess
a man meek have a lot of leaves I would
pull many more he left
when's the last time you seen a breast
Puma like two years ago he might know
that they ironed irrelevant ice always
there I remember in revenue a lot of
people also ask me about the I decided
album and what do I think of it and I
think it's a big shot list out well most
of it over his first album what I said
and his first album is amazing like
there I have songs on that album that
represent like moments in my life that
I'll never forget
what's one issue here that you really
like really like I really want on both
the sides of these risk
pictures really like these the sample -
don't get it twisted I almost bought the
candy right now nobody knows no there's
no little sample already yeah I like
those or what I really want huh shadow
bush I don't know how practical Louise
the latter one is so the red ones that
my favorite other yes it got it wrong no
these I want I mean they're cool they
shoulda came out with these shoulda came
out with original know what they're
doing we had this discussion
ophthalmology lesotho not their job but
we talked too much about it was
imagining their what I came out with it
the we are we look guys I completed a
trifecta
research of many easier here was going
to money so easily I might give another
one to mother for me you might fit on
foot what's wrong with it
injury coffee bristles okay it's not a
coffee table kind of eating and stuff
but I know this is a lot so she's
insisting prepa Tec and guests come over
they can get some clever than right
how's this
what that's a gold clip whatever I have
one of those what are having a the gold
bottle in the position oh I hope you sit
next to each other wait you two are
going on the stand slightly I know I'm
checking at the same time on ours it
already seated not sure if there's
Lebanon but also the extra first class
people all year come on eager ina huh
yeah we're going to Cleveland who's a
it's not just me the someone else too
what's up hi what you gotta say to the
world rare what are your thoughts on the
v2 having a back heel tab huh you just
pull this hat down Oh first time in LA
huh
