what's going on guys so today it is a
little bit late in the day we're
starting to vlog a little busy I got a
new TV watching W Smackdown you already
know the drill it is already like almost
6:00 p.m. or something like that 5:45 if
that doesn't mean the day is done we
still got many more hours to go and
we're going to be doing something epic
today I told you guys in yesterday's
vlog we're taking these vlogs to the
next level so today that's what we're
going to do levels above I'm going to
get ready right now I'm not going to
tell you guys what we're doing you
probably already know from the title but
I'm going to get ready right now Ryan is
going to pick me up then we're going to
head to Ikea because I need to get a
couch right there I've been living here
for two months I've been paying for rent
and now it's time to get a couch yeah
I'll see you guys in a minute or
actually I'll see you in the next scene
you guys a bad influence first of all no
I'm going to miss your idea surprise
yeah is my idea because we're going to
freak in his truck I got a freaking
ladder to get up in here we're gonna
squat bro cave I'm going to fly out so
guys we just went to this fire brand-new
IKEA this is the biggest idea they said
in the United States I need to come back
here and spend quality time we didn't
get to spend time there because we need
to go to our next mission
all of a sudden removals company they
chased him out of the store because he
was riding his bike inside if you guys
want to see what he was doing go to his
freakin his channel ok guys so we're
going on a mission now this is the game
plan we have until 8:30 at 8:30 for Mac
Park employees should be leaving we have
15 minutes to get to Magon it's a 14
minute drive so we should be good but we
just have to get in there well you guys
will see what we're going to do but
basically we just need to get in there
and then we should be good to go cuz I'm
gonna go in and then when they leave up
and open the door for yard yeah
Samantha oh yeah truck do we got the
store to ourselves right now about the
Tex ride it worked out smoothly so we do
baby is how we do
I wish that I can know you but I don't
know what I'm going to I wish that I can
know you and what I don't know with you
really a lot of us one thing that I'm
really worried about the wood I don't
want to scratch it with the trampoline
so we got to find like some cardboard
boxes or something to put the legs under
and then we should be good so I'll look
in the back but I need to open the door
for Ryan so I'm just like pacing all
over the place but I really don't need I
don't know what I'm doing there I'm
gonna make this one right here
Oh what's up 10:35 all of a sudden what
does no one inside know them everyone
last door so oh right here yeah okay
guys first of all we use mag parks own
little freaking dollies to bring the
trampoline boxes in here so shout out to
mag park it's Ryan's part to build it
because I don't know how to build it he
claims he's built three of them before
and he says he could do it in 20 minutes
we'll see what happens hopefully he
builds it right because I don't want to
die I've never jumped on the trampoline
unless it was like either add a
trampoline park yeah but never like at
someone's house or anything like not
like the homemade build one hopefully
this is safe don't die and don't break
anything that's the goal tonight cause
here what do you think of what we're
doing here
they're crazy but let's see how it works
out I told him he should put this in his
living room and we're done with it look
how big it is you should do that give
10,000 thumbs up right now and I'll put
it in the 10,000 easy 40,000 thumbs up
and we'll make with cops put this in his
living room for at least a week all
right
40,000
please right leg it up we did oh my god
oh my god I'm so scared breath this is
the first of the night okay get it cold
the water ready yeah alright guys this
is so freaking guys I think this is one
of the funnest things I've done in vlog
not including like the trips we've done
or anything like that just like on a
regular day in LA honestly wish Mickey
was here to be doing this with us but
sometimes you just got to go behind your
friends back and do something dope you
don't say
oh that's a good idea
oh did you know all of a sudden break
away oh nice oh thank you you got hurt
my fatherless dish is so freaking tiring
I got my workout in for the month so
we're good to go bro you can sleep on
this thing though
24-hour challenge is hectic but it's fun
guys look at my freakin risk from
dunking so much oh my god I cannot even
imagine how like Blake Griffin or
someone feels when they dunk so much
because it's freaking like my this is
going to look bad tomorrow I wish I
could like snapchat all this two things
I think is you guys hype but we don't
want to spoil it because I know Mickey
is going to see it will cost method so
if anybody saw it on would cost us time
I don't think make you follows you right
now okay good and we have done plenty of
damage knocking these over but obviously
we're going to clean it up we have to
clean it up and make it look like
nothing happened before we leave in the
morning what are you doing that's way
too hot I'll just gonna stop it easy Oh
bro no I can't even laugh Wow how do you
know what what are you doing Billy uh hi
what's the weight capacity oh you really
take the camera or do your pulley so you
always hear no honestly I was coming
back to check on the store and the one
through the charcoal in the court I at
least look there's no scratches we put
carpet for us we did and it's gonna be
fun we're gonna let you will let your
employees take it apart tomorrow oh okay
so now it's like you got to enjoy with
us it's really fun I can't believe you
came I know over those Islands anymore
guys oh all the commas good thing let's
all talk about that that split yesterday
oh yeah this is going to be the funnest
thing you've ever done in here you're
going to be scared at first but trust me
it's really sturdy too soon
ah I would be divert I left it was dead
for two seconds all right guys we got
busted but it's go okay we're going to
enjoy now we can enjoy it with Mickey I
said earlier I wish you were here so
that you can enjoy it with us but oh no
my score all right guys to get the
closing sequence here whose sneakers on
the trampoline I'm going to jump on it
and we're also going to get the
thumbnail human race is over here thank
you
and just like that we have cleaned up it
actually took an hour to clean up but
you guys don't see that process haunted
sneaker sneaker stockroom I'm taking
this with me
I need this to lose my count thirty
midnight guys still need to go home in
the apartment I would say thank you for
letting us come and do that this but I
mean you didn't have a choice so nice
information but it was so fun right
besides the fact thank you boys died
again I'm
it was alright guys so this is where we
end the vlog make sure you guys hit that
thumbs up for this effort that we put in
for Micky letting us well not really
letting us what putting up with us for
Ryan if you guys want to watch his vlog
from today including all his IKEA stuff
that I didn't show in my vlog
it's in the description box will cause
his YouTube channels in the description
box if you wanna subscribe I heard about
that
Friday El Rey theater los angeles we'll
see you guys there
oh yeah Mickey's hosting he's uh he
still is even overdoing it the show so
we'll see what happens I'm out of here
