you know have a good day
I basically last night I was just
thinking to myself what is it going to
take to hit 1 million subscribers it's
going to take me getting out of my
comfort zone I've been really
comfortable is it comfortable
I mean biasing I've been satisfied with
my with what I'm doing so I just like I
feel like ok the way that I'm running
things is perfect and it's working but
if you want to grow you always have to
find ways to keep changing it up and try
new things and keep growing if you're
the standard thing so basically I've
been posting vlogs not daily but five
days out of the week maybe or six days
out of the week maybe I'll miss one day
a week maybe I'll miss two days a week
and I've never given my blog that daily
raw title so I'm not officially saying
this is daily vlogging but I'm going to
challenge myself to upload a vlog every
single day starting today I'm not going
to be at content like I can go out there
and make you know add more time lapses
and things like that and I just haven't
been doing that because I've just been
comfortable and I've just been ok with
what I've been releasing but that's not
how it Drive I had when I first moved to
LA and last night I kind of like sparked
that drive back up now I want it more
than ever so if you are new to this
channel welcome to crew TV if you've
been riding with this channel for a
while that's all
well it's given high fashion voice okay
guys look at this this will shows up at
two minutes to three o'clock
been living in LA for two weeks now you
want to go to downtown drink at 3
o'clock you know crap how much traffic
ruin your house this time then we
could do car karaoke I can't let this LA
rookies I'm a van now would you eat I
got broken I can't with the jet roti go
to the gym I played basketball let me
get some whey protein I was playing 2k
alright guys so we just got to downtown
LA we are going to stop by night kicks
real quick to meet up with the homie
Jeff and check out what they got proofs
never been here so trick it out one time
for the one time I didn't know you guys
had the logo up there
anymore
what's going on guys so we left downtown
and the Sun went down on our way here
because we got a stuck in a little bit
of traffic but we are in Burbank now we
are about to hit up Magnolia Park to
link up with Mickey I'm excited because
Mickey has my zebras so I get to go home
with my zebras and let's see fold them
so yeah hi guys we are inside the Mac
Park offices as you guys can see from
down there checking on his workers and
then checking his phone we're very
unprofessional Mickey so I on the boss
their puzzle together
look at this guy's they have this like
picture area where they take their
sneaker pictures this should be like
super dope for crew kick revealing shoes
are here but I don't have shoes to
review anyone these companies don't send
me curse anymore
yeah Loki though nobody sends me stuff
anymore girlfriend girlfriends shorter
Brenda I like your umbrella tonight you
were inviting place is Mikey the burned
a bridge trap let's see what's going on
in the security cameras here Thank You
Debbie
I got your me diving on the pin put
carries down there anything is not hot
comfy
like I'd rather goes on your sink
you
forty okay so we're chilling here magaz
clothes Farooq has the audacity to say
he can beat me involved so we're gonna
play a little one-on-one now I'm not in
my full gear or basketball short video
my this guy talks see this thing sneak
your con what you want to play for okay
what do you want to play for right now
what do you want to prepare what should
we play for okay pair of ultra boost
about that if I want the zebra you want
the kiss one no no I want these alone
yeah I'll get you kids one you gonna pay
for all surface what's a good scores
nothing too crazy
what seven yeah seven not taking my head
off I'm gonna rep your brand while I
beat you
y'all need to just skip to the end of
this pretty bad one two three four five
six seven and once that I sell for this
guy
he had a bank I should have won again
oh it's time again I'm wearing freakin
Air Force One very near excuses another
reason excuses you got it I'm dying I'm
out of breath I lost the cash nasty nard
root I got to be myself
Missy all right guys I'm gonna challenge
Mickey right now if he beats me I have
to pay first ticket to sneak a cotton
Phoenix sponsor me but if I win was $50
keymaster play or a flight Arizona what
are you going to say
we're gonna be you okay
Brad can't wait to watch that yeah you
play hard
thank you my bracket reward man I got no
never playing back no more basketball
tonight harbor taking too many L say
well the diet starts tomorrow so give me
about a week
okay last stop before we go home we had
to stop at the El Rey Theatre where our
show is Friday March 3rd in Los Angeles
if you're not coming I don't know what
your problem is or what's in your what's
going on through your mind that you have
about take authority
I'm here with what cost will cost them
it up with us or the Farooq and I'm
about to show you guys something which I
never thought I would see for the first
time ever my name is on the freakin
venue right there baby golden voice
presents hi so more March 3rd live in
the height the Mahmud brothers names
will be added tomorrow I guess they had
problems with adding the mo mood
brothers on there because it's so
freaking long so what we told them to do
is put Mahmud Brothers on one side and
then put my name on the other side it's
going to be freaking dope meant like bro
what the hell a few years ago we had a
show in LA and only freaking I think
five people showed up now we're having
shows at the freaking legendary El Rey
theater on Wilshire oh god I'm so
excited for Friday man if you are in Los
Angeles and you are coming if you've
already bought tickets I promise you
guys we're going to make this night very
very dope it's crazy man when I moved to
LA I never thought I'd be seeing my name
on a freaking theater like this
performing it's going to be freaking lit
oh it's going to be freaking dope I'm so
excited I got to go home and start
working on my skit because I don't want
to disappoint anybody that com3 seven
days okay so basically it was a good day
I ended up bringing home some sneaks so
I got some sneakers
got the zebra very very excited to have
these into my ez collection that bottom
kind of looks like all flight like is
yellowing and I'm really concerned that
the rest of this will do that over time
I'm pretty sure it's going to do that a
lot of people they don't know the market
on these if the research is going to go
up or down right now
pretty steady like I've seen people
paying up to 2,000 for this shoe I've
also been hearing rumors that these are
re releasing in a few months which I
don't know why they would do that like
that doesn't make sense to me I don't
think they're going to bring these back
I think they're keeping it the way it is
like what's the point of producing them
in an reproduced reproducing them the
only time they did that is with freaking
the pyro flats they remade them but they
like switched it up too and added more
padding on the inside so I don't see
that happening again yeah got those has
to get these these are freaking sick I
wore these today and I love them they're
so comfortable and Air Force Ones are
not that comfortable but they may be is
really comfortable I really don't like
the strap on this one it's kind of like
a rigid strap it's a little different
than the one I have on we got these
they're sitting at Nice Kicks if anybody
wants to go pick them up they have in my
shop nice case in downtown LA not sure
what sizes or how many is left but they
had them when I went today's lookout
because myself and nice kick will be
definitely working on some projects in
the very near future so let's just say
stay tuned for March it's going to be
lit before I end today's vlog I do want
to talk about something real quick a lot
of people have been tagging me on
Instagram on somebody's profile and I've
actually seen this person before because
they always pop up on my suggestion feed
basically this all started because shoe
butters you guys know shoe butter butter
movement he made a post about how this
fellow sneaker head wanted to be
featured on crew TV now I think
originally he wanted to be featured on
crew kicks where is mocking my sneaker
is my sneaker channel that you guys know
but it was mentioned crew TV so I'm just
going to do it here and I would love to
I will say that later let me show you
this profile first but basically I guess
he watches the videos and he wanted to
be featured on on my channel which is so
freaking dope but basically he served in
the US Army and he lost his leg overseas
and he's the sneaker head so he only has
one leg but he still rocks his sneakers
which is freaking dope like it doesn't
hold him back from being a sneaker head
which is so freaking amazing so kudos to
you props to you I am very glad to
feature you on my channel its profile is
dope it
if you guys want to follow him he does
like come on okay he's rockin easy so
you know we approve over here I would
love for him to submit his entire
sneaker collection to be featured on
crew collection which is my Monday
series on crew kicks if you want to do
that mom and if you're watching this we
would love to feature you all you have
to do is just film yourself showing your
entire sneaker collection do not add
music please because we don't want to
get any copyright claims to show your
sneakers send me the footage at crew
collection at gmail.com and we will post
it on crew collection and we will tag
you so that you can get more followers
and supporters to your account because I
know you're spreading positive vibes I
like positive vibes fellow sneaker head
and now I find out you are part of the
crew so I appreciate you shout out the
butter movement for bringing him to my
attention shout to all you guys that tag
me on his post and shout out to
everybody watching this if you enjoyed
this vlog hit that thumbs up we'll see
you guys tomorrow with another vlog
because that's what we do here on crew
TV and I'm matter here right beautiful
peace guys
