starting today off at just Busia Los
Angeles brunch breakfast place for
kotsenburg wanted to grab something to
eat
people think I'm paparazzi right now
because it was like one of those
Hollywood bougie places like they said
so they think I'm paparazzi with my
backpack in my camera and my big furry
microphone
all right guys brunch is officially over
with it was I you know kites also part
of them need a salad today actually you
don't know healthy community got a lot
of them now the move is to go to Melrose
or you don't have a ticket bro since a
nail getting one thing I learned is like
when you have a nice card they don't
like put it as much yeah let's just say
humble but cocky at the same time I like
that so basically we're going to head to
Melrose right now we have 20 free
tickets to the LA show on March 3rd I'm
going to give these out to some homies I
know Blake Linda has a pop-up right now
so it's probably popped in so we're
going to go take advantage of that let's
just say free marketing yeah we're going
to pull up to that give away some
tickets I don't know how we're going to
do it probably likes a snapchat wow I
like the rose gold logo is it always
been my time you did that man I I didn't
matter they lost and I'm gonna go real
wrong with it
yeah when do I get the dress
I figure away the ticket friendly yeah
you're gonna come yeah happy guys you
know if I give Maximus my mom if I give
you two tickets will you come for
yeah well corporator and I come here a
hundred percent sure I got two tickets
in here oh god I get all right
I feel thanks guys I don't surf and I'm
gonna say fired kicks I've been giving
your part so far yeah that wavy baby
life
3000 wavy wavy dot-com
you're gonna cheat on the keymaster
again no they're looking at you I know
the way why do you need of you have I
don't know you're happy to get them for
me
oh really the point is that um can I
tell Luka
you're gonna set up hey no no no
how you doing after myself becoming a
all of a sudden broke right now all of a
sudden almost all of a sudden all
suppressible
you don't think but it's not mine it's
this guy some mints I got a robust
agenda
hey yeah you want to get up yeah are
they make sure you come I believe here
looks awesome uses aye sir
cuz I search tomorrow laughs you rock
and later though got all Christ are all
shut on my brother Geo I'm finished I'm
today Savior there's a dozen sense
you got to do some mortgage job you ever
hear all right I gotcha
on the road okay three pieces up yeah
like it well I hope I make it I press my
bait and you get with them so we will
march third live in the high a regular
hit that death hit that dab right now
and you gotta hit a harder disaster not
like this yeah okay there you go
thank Christ did you find it yet okay
but no suppose you try to get try to get
the fans bit right now you do me thanks
or smart I suppose she shells out all
the Sun them and cut protects all day
wearing shout out to Veronica will do
the high piece that comes running up
some the Grove take them there you go
for Friday
okay so we've got to give us a last very
last ticket out of the 22 the whole me
well everybody got one right everyone
here not everyone got one oh we only
have one more so we're going to give it
to the homie right here there you go
we'll see you next Friday
easy welcome
your hands turn I'm going you got your
bike back or is that a new one huh that
one yeah I got it topo graffiti Asha
Elizabeth let's think of it yeah let me
write it your no I do
I'll Drive you last time you see the
clothes
oh hang on sunset my man right here
bought a ticket so get out to him we
gonna see him real we gonna see him next
Friday I heard about that I heard about
that actually I guess we're going to
stop at round two right now Ryan is here
he might have to move to LA right oh
yeah bro what you talking about the Loki
Loki movie especially he's only going
back to London for speaker car yeah we
gave out all the tickets so no more
tickets shout out to everyone who came
up to us and it's going to be la vie la
vie flow either be right here yes I can
make those for you
good he's an artist good
- OH
Oh
Oh
second Canadian Exodus on the channel I
did well right bring your foot let's
going on what's going on right so me and
Ryan both have our drones in same exact
one the what is this thing called but
it's our own call okay
someone please drop it in that stupid
Ferrari over there we're here the crap
out of thing is it Frogger is it landed
right in front of us is right you got to
see this is laughing when adults get
money they do stuff like this this is
why you work hard kids thank you so you
can wait drones on number precise
challenger Nicky Hayden shouts on dress
and shout out to Edward and shout out to
Hector cut off all right Joe
Jonathan can I call you also that's a
Jasmine doctor which cakes
xti TDK I do go to movies others
yeah shuttlecock man I love you all
all over what did you call him I was
like I was like I thought it was Justin
Bieber like in the side of his head look
just like that nothing like it alright
guys so now we're all Fairfax I got to
pull up here one time because Mickey got
something special for the kid you
already know what it is we do anything
as big out here your voice I don't know
what I'm saying I know
look everything to you you definitely
don't see there's is it level now time
to be in the bar okay you in the Royal
ministry okay just out a chopper shot
down at the ranch all the third event
all the photos
right now we're directing a music video
right now include the label one good
idea
What's Wrong bro anything John told on
the controls roll this you gotta go got
high like a car we're not very
nice
yellow bottom I think we think the rest
of this is already yellow
is the better v2 that is usually not
annoying I need a size smaller is it
listening on
so Christ is over here playing
basketball he's first of all shots broke
and he doesn't know the VP's we gave him
our numero uno thing boys gonna be
rockin some food I'm just playing oh hey
hey I'll be like yo you're overusing all
right guys so we just left Barney's and
we were at like facts fit in Rodeo Drive
here going to all these bougie stores
Peru cashed out on some go yard all of a
sudden go yard boys I would never waste
money on some high designer brand stuff
like this you know saying like I wanted
to say oh oh
often I need to get a passport holder
for speaker called London yeah I showed
you guys those fear of God boots and
they're pretty dope but they're like a
thousand dollars so I'm not getting
those but they're just freaking doleful
so plundering I would get them if I
wasn't getting the new uses but I didn't
get the new I was going to get the new
year Easy's from Mickey today and I put
them on and they don't fit it to me they
don't fit like the other v2 they fit
bigger so I have like a good inch on my
toes so if I go I need 10 so he's like
all right well that works out because he
had another buyer for them
go ahead Sally
nothing on my vlog I said okay go ahead
and sell those ones and then find me a
ten and he found me a ten so I'm going
to get my mind tomorrow which I'm really
happy about because people are literally
going crazy over these there's barely
any pairs and in Los Angeles which is
insane because Los Angeles gets hella
pairs Los Angeles and New York New York
gets the most pairs when it comes to
easy basically I'm lucky that I'm living
at getting my parents tomorrow but from
what I heard there's only like six or
seven thousand pairs hold on we got to
see the IHS
yeah that was the situation I think in
my period today I'm getting it tomorrow
but if you guys want some pears I think
Mac Park has it but I would hop on it
man because once people like by the
minute are realizing how limited they
are which is increasing the resale value
so I see this thing going like
turtle-duck
Billy hi guys so we are now on La Brea
we are going to go to the homies
ventilation party he's having for the
launch of their new sandal boys staples
collab so it's like a little private
event we're going to go check it out
he's a new project which I believe went
on sale today and it's pretty dope you
know they're killing the game so gotta
go show support to the homie
feels uncomfortable every night
am i running around testing tool oh
there's out for you oh and a snowball I
gotta find another business
we want to be
okay so we just put the event it was so
those who make them connect got some
teeth popping off this week you already
know what it is I told them we should do
some type of industry event like that in
LA for five pillars I think I think
Oviedo man good you know sometimes you
just got to build height by doing little
mini events like that and shout out to
Fran for the sandals I got the sandals
there was other few other ones that I
wanted to get to but he was busy so I
don't want to bother him but I'm
probably going to text them and be like
yo I need those on let's go back to the
crib now it's been a long day got to go
FaceTime day you already know you got a
breakfast huh you got a bay now add some
girls down below that's tough okay all
right guys so we spent the last like two
hours three hours you go here like at
9:30 so d12 18 working on planning out
the rest of the couple next couple of
months
does that make sense for a merge and
possibly possible future tour but mainly
working on merch right now and figuring
everything out for the next shoe sneaker
cons well the official March for the
March 3rd show in LA I already showed
you get the heipiess t-shirt and then we
have the event t-shirt and then akhmad
Haji have a hat you know how I think so
and then Cleveland we decided to do
something for Cleveland so for Cleveland
we're not going to be making us a shirt
just for Cleveland we're going to be
restocking a whole bunch of other past
merch for Cleveland so we're going to
see how it worked because usually if you
have a new product but what if we bring
back other products and have multiple
options for everyone so for Cleveland
you're going to get some of the space
gem stuff some of the old sneaker klein
stuff and we're even going to bring back
a few of the 2016 tour tease the sneaker
contour tees as well as a brand new hat
so there's one brand new hat that you
guys get for Cleveland and then Phoenix
we're dropping a special shirt just a
Phoenix on fire The Situation's going to
have some the Phoenix on it is really
like this
are doing a hat and a shirt but the Hat
is it's like an old-school vintage NBA
hat and it's like so it's dope because I
have it slip their number to two very
limited we're making more stuff limited
for each city just for that city can
have something special that no one else
has and then Bay Area was just announced
so we are going back home to the bay
first sneaker calling on April 29th and
then London yet we were thought of
anything but we're brainstorming with
that too but shout out to everybody we
gave tickets to today we are excited to
see you guys at the event next Friday
and March 3rd if you're in a coming L
raised either VoIP is sold out general
admission is still available within the
description box down below and it's
going to be really really fun I promise
you guys today it's going to be crazy
what's going to happen like all my
friends and close friends are really
excited to come and to see what goes on
and it's going to be later man I promise
you so any final words that let's just
say the first stop of this year going to
be lit the show is going to be freaking
go and let's see what happens with this
tour you're going to thinkers on London
let's just say I got UK teams on the
plus 4 alright guys thanks for watching
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog and I wanna hear
you
