I'll try so when it comes to getting
motivated there's a lot of things that
motivate me and seeing expensive things
that I know that I could never afford
motivate me so even if I don't plan on
ever buying one just seeing like a nice
car or whatever it may be does
definitely motivate me my dream cars
obviously vi8
somebody just moved into a unit close to
my apartment and this is their car so
literally every day when I come to my
car I have to pass this car and it's
going to motivate me every morning or
every afternoon or whenever I come and
pass this car this red Ferrari is parked
right next to my car every single day
and that's going to be my motivation
every single day not my main motivation
but just a little bit of it
I've been getting better
my sicknesses almost gone my eyes are
fine now so resting has been a very good
thing for me I have not posted a vlog in
two days because I've literally been in
bed the past two days like I've been
traveling so much that I haven't been
able to rest my body and let it fully
heal and y'all can say that I'm whining
and complaining and being a little girl
but at the end of the day I feel like
everybody where's my gift open they need
to rest their body time to time you
notice and why is just not working area
so yeah so I'm finally out and about I'm
excited to start leaving my apartment
and and living in LA and going outside
and into being consistently back home
and I need to get my damn couch which
I'm probably going to go tomorrow to get
my couch I'm going to link up with fruit
tomorrow because he's feeling sick yeah
I'm done I I didn't post quick yesterday
so I do owe you another sneaker game
giveaway but I have a sneaker prepared
for you guys and I will give that away
on cool kicks this coming week
so yeah it's win-win for everybody you
feel me
alright guys so we just had a fire
dinner at this bootleg Benihana joint
but it was fire at Ellen it was really
good now we are going to the mall she
needs to return something else before
just went to 19 would all of a sudden
she's wearing Jordan 11 velvet and she
hates them and I told her they don't I
just know things they're like for me
like I just I can't rock
you
before always got the longest line sense
dropping the five color bomber today
this jacket is fire super comfortable
got the patches on the side
I told truth this jacket is so dope that
we got to make a dream crew once though
we get inside
the Jordans were hurting a thief so
she's getting her first Caravan I'm
really proud when I first heard about
her you know a new way for say I'm proud
of I like but I'm gonna have to get a
pair too I don't have everything you
should match them guys they have a
velvet join she needs me
so she said she's never going to wear
those Velvets again you know I've had
shoes that I never liked that I wore and
I thought they're uncomfortable and I
got rid of it so now we just need to
sell them right Ali right you can sew
some oh no no no no we want some
up you're not gonna tell Israel baby
yeah I got I bought the boxing in the
bar I finally bought milk had to double
up fill me there has been a lot
negativity everywhere usually just
either on YouTube or sometimes total but
resistant recently assistant everywhere
but I feel like the more negativity
means the more success that means more
people are paying attention and it's we
live in a really sad world where people
feed off and enjoy putting people down I
don't understand it I don't know how you
can bash someone for no reason if
there's a reason behind it and yeah I
totally understand but I think there's a
big difference between just completely
hating on someone and just giving your
opinion for instance if you don't like
something I do for instance you don't
like how I handle something your opinion
you know I respect it a hundred percent
but if you just come in there you just
talk completely different I can't
respect that I don't respect you and
ninety-nine point seven percent of the
time the person is talking children you
have a real default pick it's either
that Twitter egg or it's like a picture
of like Selena Gomez or something you
know I've got thick skin I've been doing
YouTube for like ten you
now so I can deal with it but a lot of
other people might get they did take
your handle and that's why a lot of you
don't continue to do YouTube which sucks
because I'd love to see people succeed
and some people a lot of people don't
like seeing over 60 I bought this
velvety this hat today so they could the
eqt hat och strap it's got three stripes
so it is currently very late and I'm
finally home I'm super tired I have no
idea what I'm going to do with Mina's lv
xi but maybe I'll save these for a coup
cakes giveaway which I actually got oh
you guys and I do not offer on crickets
today we will do the giveaway next
Tuesday because Monday's cool collection
so next Tuesday I'm cooking giveaway I
don't know it's going to be DS but it
might be the rest of my night is going
to consist of sleeping investing because
I'm very very tired one week away from
the LA show and I've been talking a lot
about the LA show this is big for me
this is big for us it's our first ever
live performance full-on show and a lot
of people still don't understand what
we're doing we have a full-on skit and
we have extra stuff special guest
surprises giveaways this is something
that has never been done on our end and
it's going to be dope and if you like me
go ahead to be like or you like my
content you're going to like the skit
because I'm pretty much bringing
sneakerheads be like to a live audience
and it's going to be dope and I really
hope people come out VIP is sold out
already there is general admission still
available I'm pretty sure general
admission will still be available until
the day of the show because we are
selling tickets at the door as well if
you want to secure your tickets ahead of
time and be one of the people to get a
follow back on Twitter for buying your
ticket ahead of time go ahead and do
that it's going to be cold man I'm
telling you we've sold quite a few
already but we still have a few left
because it is a really Spacey venue so
there's a lot of seats there for you
guys
may I come out if you're free next
Friday March 3rd the link is in the
Bayeux buy your ticket and you know just
come on
let's have a good time you know we're
going to move through on stage you're
going to play games on stage do
giveaways again surprise guess you never
know who's going to pop up I've invited
all my friends in my phone book so in
case I missed one but I've invited
everyone and they've all said they're
going to try that but to make it though
some have confirmed some said maybe and
some nobody has said no to me so far so
let's see what happens this vlog is
extra short but tomorrow I do have a
very very very dope day planned I guess
the lighting is really bad what's going
on it we're actually going to be going
around LA and giving away free tickets
to this show because I know a lot of my
audience is younger and they don't have
access to credit cards to buy tickets
online so we're like you know what let's
just go around the streets of LA and
give a few tickets away so I think we
got a little a little over 10 tickets to
give away to random people on the
streets who our crew supporters and
we'll be around LA so if you're in LA
and you want to win some free tickets to
the show on March 3rd look for pay
attention to my Twitter I think you're
not wait to get into bed on see you guys
my voice is like understand what's going
on my life right now but let's just say
the crew makes me feel better
so thank you I'm going to end the vlog
on some hype ok so basically you guys
remember maybe over a month ago or so I
went on Melrose to take a picture with
pair of turtledoves and a pair of easy
to through the both shoes on top of the
Melrose Street sign I'm going to show
you guys where it's going because this
is one of the shirts that will be for
sale exclusively at the LA event on
March 3rd so basically I will show you
guys only the back of the shirt because
the back of the shirt is what makes the
shirt took that picture for this reason
and I knew I wanted to make this and I
was like you know what let's release
this on March 3rd because this shirt
means a lot to me because it represents
my past and it represents my present and
it represents something that a lot of
people can relate to which is being a
hype East and you know loving the city
of Los Angeles
and reppin sneakers and the culture so
basically this is the special t-shirt
that I was working on and this is going
to be on sale in Los Angeles live and
the hype and I only made I'm going to
tell you guys right now this is probably
one of the most limited shirts I've ever
made I only made a hundred of these and
they will be for sale on March 3rd is on
the back of the shirt with the Melrose
sign you got the easy two and you got
the turtle does hanging from the Melrose
sign with the high piece right over it
so basically that is the back of the
long-sleeved t-shirt and that will be
available exclusively at live in dye
thank you guys for watching I'm out of
here
time to get healthy
but the - I read you right now we hold
it down I need you
