we're in Vegas all right guys so yeah
we're in Vegas another 24 hours in Los
Angeles and I already left my city well
not my city but the city I couldn't help
it man I'm still a little thick thank
you to everyone who wished me to get
well soon but yeah we're in Vegas we're
here for agenda my first ever agenda
I've always wanted to come now I can
actually get access to it because crap
protect is here if you don't know what
agenda is it's pretty much like a trade
show for like brands to show off their
products for the upcoming season and
store owners and and other people come
to checkout to see they want to industry
vibes yeah if they want to put the
products in the stores and things like
that I think it's good for us because we
could potentially maybe you know work
out some sponsorships or you know just
network with people yeah we're only here
for a day so it should be really really
fun finally put on my 750
not everybody's equal kiddo we always do
that
look how industry with coffee looks
right now industry as they come
when's the dye start tomorrow
today we pizza okay guys we're not even
inside agenda yet but we got invited to
go to uni goes tonight at Dre's but our
plan was not to go outside because we
have our early like we have early Drive
in the morning you have to be back in LA
by 9:00 a.m. yeah we're going to enter
agenda right now
you think boots and brands will be like
no filming oh my god safe on this very
Street saw me on the roof ready know
what it is London speaker can we come in
heavy are you coming BAM let's just say
stay tuned I'm coming baby seven of us
are coming that's all I can say right
now seven crew members are coming to
London guys I feel like I'm in a huge
ass Costco right now
yeah this is like feature releases this
is Paul that's really hard champion is
like coming up recently like Kanye's
been wearing it it's been in like
hak-sun urban all these go fast stores I
would love to do a collab with champion
so that's is a stay tuned stay tree
so the vibe is cool there is a ton of
people industry on another level
Wow guys look at this freakin car right
here it is a Prius this is the Prius
right here that's freakin insane
protect fan
damn cryptids I got two boots in here
all of a sudden
thinking blue that's not painted thing
that spells it on here like to get such
a but it's velvet hey shout on this in
our lobby oh man I made it a word man
forever to find you
yo plus could be doing it well you bet
you have to put them all together yeah
yeah they have to put them all together
wow this is way better quality than the
with
so guys those are just a preview of some
of the new products from crest I'm
excited about the box because I mean I
just bought all mine but I want to redo
it obviously do the prep one but then
also that this little pen right here is
going to be like a on-the-go cleaner and
then the other thing is the big product
that they're launching in the u.s. soon
is the pill so if your feet stink
this is what you need make your shoes
smell better with the pills when I get
my new car should I do something crazy
like this not this one obviously so
we're leaving agenda right now but we
probably are going to go back make it a
meeting in there they see film there
we're going to go to UN and a little bit
to Vegas one we made a few connections
I'm going to got a lot of business card
a lot of busy stuff but that's just like
I forgetting business cards are getting
a girl's number you get the girls number
but you know sexy back that's a real
question then 100 so we have left the
agenda for the day or for now the soul
trip we are actually going to go to 12
a.m. run so this is literally on this
trip and it's wow this is huge
Mickey's taking us this stores owned by
nas right one
woman's life are like always going to
stop being here and they that's a weak
bar
hi guys so they actually looked out for
me it hooked me up with a bunch of stuff
we got this hot ill I'm sure that's from
Illmatic rent this one is 12 a.m. with
the Roman numeral why are you going in
there like each other like a box logo
type of shirt I like these colorways a
lot you know don't let you have more I
think about it that's the one I like
that one guy that shows it's a wedding
an easy hey
we called it midnight run like that's
right as well yeah so like that's like
the kind of like the speaker name behind
it but my college is for them so they
Emma yeah when I guess I ate I want to
wrap it you got any ideas yeah that's
the thing to do wrap it and go viral
comment down below if I do get the I ate
what should I wrap it with that has to
be something hi BC but I don't want to
make it too obvious because that's like
screaming key my car you know what I'm
saying
it is ro3 cookie I like that
thank you shopping with BAE what are you
interested in today well you know since
my boyfriend such a high piece I thought
it would be appropriate America's going
to be enemies too much bass except for
you have the other one yes that's good
match though you don't have the same one
what about these no you know how much
you know like six thousand Craig Sager
no what is this Craig Sager in the
trenches there's only a very few in the
world I don't know exact number I
thought of 515 5,000 holding something 7
owns 5,000 I would call them but they're
on my side so yeah yeah what is season
screeching 3d printers using four
thousand four houses get to the three
finishes super limited biggest concealed
is the hole should be bought in the
mental no booth obviously this isn't
seem like it be mad comfortable the
occasion is comfortable but obviously
not as mrs. booth if you not but you
guys can show the stuff awful for the
time how to counter if you don't want to
holler okay and I look cool with it so
what are you playing today I want to I
want these were here oh yeah you had
your eye on the I want these you have a
very pretty late today your size 11 and
a half for 350 vacation to 15 to 50 I
guess are we sell 400
retails for Harlan pinnacle yeah so why
is it like have to be sold
I used with the hella good condition I
would get that 250 with us is it my size
eleven and a half I tried on the dress
please tell me this is nice place damn
it this is all my son let's go check it
with what car are they supposed to be
long like yeah there's hello room up
here I'm good good over here
thank you oh my god like it's super
light really difficult the house to a
certain look all I got to do how to go
viral I got that so easy easy target so
I want to know first of all guys he
works here now yep
he's uh I don't know how often maybe
like one day a week but like one or two
one hit one or two days a week but he
works here now cuz he's always here
filming anyway so might as well you know
I want to get you the big jacket or the
actual enemies and we'll go to how much
they are do you know you sure you should
know family work here oh wait you know
what I need silver boots yeah I need
those and I need silver boots and they
don't have my size I was going to get so
if I buy these I'll sell my hyperduck
ASAP as a ten yeah oh not well Wow I
think the dust coming two million
dollars even like a glove
they don't look out on foot my mama
hugger
all right guys so this is the first time
I've came here and I didn't leave with
anything man they don't have my size and
a lot of stuff because they've been
moving a lot of product got to respect
it
we wanted to get a few different things
it's gonna work out I'm not going to
force it it's all good
two gals on the key messes well through
glasses and stuff you got the meeting
with the team son keep on winning
ha ha ha hi guys left a very long and
fun day
we're ending our day at White Castle
ma'am this is the only place I believe
baby did you open this
yeah we're ending our day with white
castle's it's the only place to get
white White Castle on the west coast I
believe so I got the little burger they
got four of them cheese fries keep the
expired and we call it a night cuz I'm
exhausted I'm dead tired my eyes have
been burning for the last hour and a
half we are killer after
