we went from a rainy day to a beautiful
day out here in New Orleans so first off
for me is I got to go to Foot Locker
because I didn't want to go up early to
go try to cop anything but hopefully
they still have some of the droplets
because I want the Jose up once and I
want those LeBron so yeah I'm going over
there and then after that we got like a
jordan collective event as I go they're
bringing a whole bunch of people's
collections to the Jordan Brand store
out here so the LeBron drops in 30
minutes like there's a shop stop right
there so we outside the Jordan Brand
right now and there's like chaos going
on the line wraps around the block right
here so if I draw this yeah
Lilly they took a little bit look
camera ready so there's also an oncogene
pop-up right here
Kyrie has a few like shirts but the
weird thing about it is like it's not
even the Nike thing like it's his own
merch so check that out over my work we
need a supplier happy great people
bringeth company Balaji not also alright
guys so they do have the full audio
collection right here hopefully I can
pick up a few things I think they do
have the Opio speakers do but I'm not
going to buy it because I've got my fear
I joined identifying the ovo jumpsuit it
came out really really expensive but the
qualities like really really nice if you
want to buy the whole do zone you you
have to enter a raffle and in into the
raffle because I already have my pair
I'm in the Michelin s store right now
they got some dope stuff check out this
hat Vince Carter
kg supersonic and in the og career
whatever
whoa New Orleans we all do our Sun fern
Mallis okay hey follow me on Twitter
spots fill up the goggles to look the
guard on standard on he look like
all right guys so you would probably
never see me hold a pair of Reeboks but
I had these when I was a kid I had to
pump the deep Browns and I'm thinking
about copying them out here at this
problem that they got this Reebok
the chillin s problem so I'm thinking
about getting these I don't know half
and I was wear them so that's my only uh
dilemma but I don't know hope to buy old
shoes that I used to have when I was a
kid so I might pick these up you know
they got just dawn shorts over here too
like these things are here on play what
supplies to be five five hundo for the
just on short yo so basically we just
literally went to all the dope at the
shops right now we went to the Michelin
s we went to the Michelin s and Reebok
pop up and the Jordan stores so oh I
spent way too much money will prick so
it happens a boat for year ain't nobody
broke man look though we all work hard
got bag where's your back oh you just
you just picky bro you just like Tony's
like your foot I'm not buying this
because they don't have pockets so we
just called out cash nasty we were with
chick genius earlier and we said the
sneaker youtubers versus the 2k
youtubers five-on-five out here in New
Orleans
guys is freaking hectic here I guess
they had some type of parade where they
were throwing like Mardi Gras beads and
they had the streets cut off so it
couldn't cross the street
finally got through by the way my eye
feels a lot better today been taking
care of it but stopped a footlocker real
quick and then i'ma go back to my room
alright guys wait let me zoom back in
look at my okay it gets good and then it
gets bad again but right now it's bad
because I haven't put the clear eyes in
there but anyway I'm back on my hotel I
bought a lot of stuff as you guys can
see I did pick up two of those with
chatot and sneakers but I'll show you
guys that later because I am going to
get ready to go to NBA all-star Saturday
night thanks to SeatGeek
I'm going to be taking over the
Instagram account and we're going to go
have some fun I got to decide what I
want to wear some a change and I'm Tony
and bowl are going to meet me outside my
hotel we're going to walk through the
arena together and it should be fun man
this is my first time ever attending the
all-star Saturday night the dunk contest
and three-point contest cool base so I
just got to
the Superdome but the game is not here
it's not concepts not here it's actually
in the smoothie king arena so we're
going to head over there right now
Sonia bowler right here I just linked up
with them I changed I put on my all-star
jacket you know going with the bots
because I want to look good for the seat
geek takeover of their Instagram who's
winning the dew point contest Oh Mike I
got an extra ticket man is it shopping
tomorrow yeah I don't know hopefully we
got two extra um all-star game ticket
man whoever can find you have the ticket
on you no no I had and yeah you're going
conjugative again right now you give it
away King nobody can find us
what if you find one of us tomorrow
you see and put that in my office
all right what can we say things Ollie
jingleberry is the third wart on classic
ice needles or bull will give you this
for GigaOM all four games in his jolly
dingleberry Brooke yeah get the topping
like a three or four guys I'm a job of a
poison hi golly jiggles something I
think very jolly dingleberries looking
my eye lid hi guys I just got to my
seats right now and the three-point
contest is about to start
I'm saying ye or klay Thompson going to
take them things up here so that is it I
just wrapped up it was actually a dope
experience between here and watch it
come on final watch it and be here in
person chassis Jeep against the does
concept
whatever my favorite moment was when all
the players and old players at Reggie
Miller
everybody got the middle of the course
to do the three-point thing to raise
money for the Craig Sager foundation
something else really Joe Coleman and I
think that was the highlight of the
night the only Tony would come through
the gate so we can study and I would
apparel you got all those people shuttle
me right now I'm fine don't worry all
right guys so you guys get soft right
now we over here just kill
hi guys so we are at this private dance
party there's the big name here I make
even a casual animals out the camera
mellow way deported I know more through
the hot air k- in the nexus classic
we got him on their team
all right where the chemicals are so how
hey hey guys know how don't play the
rest don't play the road I will turn off
the camera because I'm like no leaf lost
persons logging in this whole place i'ma
check in with you guys about
okay so basically what a night man what
a freakin night first of all shout out
to all the homies I was kicking it with
today because without them being here I
would be a freaking loner and I would be
so awkward at that Stan's party I just
went to but basically I'm losing my
voice I don't even know why I got out to
see geek for making all this happen the
game the dunk contest was amazing I'm
super excited for the actual game
tomorrow we went to the stand if somehow
someway we each got invited separately
to this private Stan's party and when I
mean private I mean literally like I was
touching showed like that sounds groupie
I was in the same area like chillin with
Melo and Harden and former NBA players
and current NBA players and like I had
to keep it casual I mean these are NBA
players that I've been watching for
years so it was dope Patel so you shout
out the stance for inviting me and
letting me be a part of this event they
put me on their Instagram story to which
was built as hell they were giving away
free socks so I got these right here I
don't want to be too greedy and grab too
many but I got these right here the
reason why I really like these is
because this is a James Harden salt so
that stance logo that's usually right
here is a James Harden beard I think the
regular stance that goes on this one I
did purchase some stuff today I bought
this from the ovo I mean from the Jordan
Brand store this is the ovo jump man I
like full tracks track suit I guess uh
yeah I went to the uncle Jun pop-up and
they gave me this free uncle drew Pepsi
cup which is pretty dope that's going to
be dope in the apartment and they also
give me this freaking uncle drew
bobblehead but if Shawn and I broke it
so this is going to be left behind but
this would have been so dope to have at
the apartment little uncle drew bought
with it but it broke got a shiny orden
water bottle I went to the Mitchell next
door and I showed you guys these earlier
I got the KD Sonic's hat since Carter
Raptors had a scurry rookie jersey hat
and I did pick up the LeBrons now I did
talk a little bit of smack about these
saying that we wanted the wheats but
they gave us this and honestly I
actually like these and the
that made me like them was when Kevin
heartworm when I saw him wear it on feet
I was like all right that looks pretty
dope so gum bottoms can't go wrong and
then I also bought these but I
definitely regret it because the price
tag is way too freakin much they charge
me two hundred and seventy five dollars
for these things and I don't even know
if I can return them but if I can I'm
definitely going to return these I don't
know what they're called but they're of
a jet at an Air Force One and these
things I get got like the cowboy boots
tassels on the back whatever they call
it now you know how I feel by Nike right
now um honestly so I don't like you know
what I'm saying this is one of those
spontaneous buys I didn't realize how
much it was until I got back to the
hotel these are freaking dope bruh these
are like this shoe right here amazing
day they did they did a really good job
on this Jordan Brand Thank You Jordan
ban bought at the bottom bruh like look
at the bottom bra thank you guys for
watching hit that thumbs up please I
would greatly appreciate it and I have a
sneaker giveaway I owe you guys but
we'll talk about that in tomorrow's vlog
that's it man I'm out of here peace
hello I need sleep
