what's going on guys
so another beautiful day in the war
means but unfortunately it was raining
earlier so it is Loki gloomy but it's
not raining right now hopefully doesn't
rain again but it probably will and I'm
currently leaving my room at freaking
4:00 p.m. and the reason for that is
just because I was editing my vlog I had
way too much footage I needed to sleep
it I haven't got a full night of rest
since like before Miami like in Miami I
was only getting three hours of rest I
couldn't do it anymore if you watch the
end of the yesterday's well you saw how
red my eyes were and I was kind of
getting sick but I feel great today it's
like almost 5 p.m. I'm going to go meet
up with Tony Alex and bullet there is a
celebrity game in a rookie game I'm not
sure if I'm going to either of those
yeah man let's just enjoy day 2 and no2
go back to the GoPro
were you at the end at winter storm you
nan da car no validation I tell it like
it is you don't have imagination you
thought you got the gold one yeah you
have to behave you work is the name or
yeah yeah absolutely
then get both of them all awesome throw
mine on - all right guys we all here fam
on the street
Oh it is something I do it yeah we on
the streets now fam we on Canal Street
where it's popping all right no these
guys are going to the Hong Kong are we
all going I guess didn't go to celebrity
game or no non bully got the plus I mean
I got I mean I got well it's going put
bullets playing let's just say they
scouted him from the hoops classic hey
you'll see these hats right here
yeah well one of 300 look at this box
that right here guys it's like an
all-star new arrow box that they got any
hundred and yeah they got all these it's
not no Jordan
they got tricolors I mean single teacher
tell me oh we're going to go look at
footlocker because like everyday random
sneakers just pop up at all these floors
we're going to go see what they got and
I'm probably going to go to the rising
stars I'll probably just buy a cheap
ticket
rumor has it Michael Jordan has a
birthday party tonight but it's like
super super exclusive and hard to get
into you won't know what that is very
easy I got you
I think about I think about it
I don't have any on me shout out to my
man amber Locker know what we're getting
Oh Samuraizer you know I got mine stolen
so I had to get another one that's of my
man right here here over here for you
let me cut it in line so it all the way
to this aw come on me man all of it to
living here man God um guys we put nuts
the hell out of the line and the
register line come on we know at least
and gotta be wild yeah let people know
we finished you okay tomorrow is the
real days tomorrow is the real day I
need to see because there's the first
thing I want then you'll see how long
the line is
oh yes because that's is it a preview
what you got to do with tomorrow
tomorrow so I guess like the LeBrons
everything dropping tomorrow they got
help they're dropping everything
tomorrow from like the all start stuff
cause it's Saturday like the AF ones and
the LeBrons it's the LeBrons are growing
on me and I heard that denied even
recently for two months oh but I got on
Rio timing that long as long as I hand
out my why it's like Samoa now yeah what
a fan hi Jumba all the time yes good
today after that I can go with you guys
I think the food just like any other
okay mr. Tony in our bowls room why both
got a freaking flat-screen TV as a
laptop well what is it like two inches
thick and then Tony got I don't know
what this is a ninja turtle position
yeah
what is this you gotta do what you gotta
do man YouTube mess you can block off
the backing on the back goal has a
backpack with the speaker on it that'd
be a gave it it I guess so I had to
leave the guys I'm gonna go to this prep
protect booth at the NBA crossover thing
I don't know exactly was over there but
we're gonna go check it out and they
probably like what the NBA things going
on but here's the first of all that's a
particle is capped by blue denim jacket
it's really crazy to be walking around
here and just seeing like tons of NBA
players and old NBA players and when we
were going into polar also when I was
going into Bolden and Tony's room when
we were coming out the elevator I saw
one of the freaking og NBA legends Joey
Crawford how you doing
and Joey Crawford was a was coming out
and I looked at him and I said the ref
of all rest and he just laughed at me a
lot of a lot of NBA sized people and
sailfin media here surely result man our
guy so I just came in to this nd a
crossover area I'm at the crepes for
technicals look at this thing right here
it's just like the first X 3d picture
thingie I don't know what the hell it's
exactly called but you basically jump in
and take your picture like this people
are literally what it looks like now so
this whole NBA crossover thing is just
like it's like super-dead right now but
it was poppin earlier I guess it's going
to be poppin this weekend but pretty
much it's like different boots from
different brands of NBA weaker or
whatever it's product line and like
footlocker's over here so they literally
show you heavy all car speaker so I'm
going to take you guys over there in a
minute and then there's like other brand
news all right so this right here is
that the buckaroo that literally had
pretty freakin equal then releasing
overall for weekend let me show you guys
from Grenada the company goes up you
guys yes Marie we've got very well yeah
buh-buh-bah over here unfortunately
we're the ones that I want
right here I kind of these are growing
on me but are not as good at the wheat
fields oh these are dope right here when
alarmed the camel onesie obviously we
got the Jordan pad I like that you guys
are sick is I don't need to taste it I
don't want the 31 and then for me I got
like a few random when they got the
curry Allstars right here look at it
then be a trophy some puppets kill it
don't tell anyone
guys it's frickin raining I don't have
an umbrella or anything but I'm trying
to find something to eat I'm starving
right now
no these weather right now is not the
business
this is totally random but some way my
teeth end up right next to them I don't
know how that happened I don't know I
don't know but we're here at college and
I didn't even realize this is so now
like orange USA vs. world the world I
thought it was like watching the
sophomore think they forgot it I didn't
watch my news
I'm insulted man the product or no way
but they plated their rights or sell it
that was a lift game LeBron water weed
okay guys so the rising stars challenge
was honestly low-key boring it's not
like it used to be in my opinion I come
back to the airport to the apartment I
come back to the hotel and I start
editing and then like literally look at
my eyes look how red it is I don't know
if I accidentally touched it and when my
hands are dirty or what but I'm really
scared that this is going to become
pinkeye so I'm trying to click keep it
clean I keep washing it and soaking it
now I was supposed to go to a party
tonight but I don't I don't think I'm
going to go because like this thing is
like really irritating me and it's
really like low-key embarrassing and I
want to rest and not rest I want to like
keep it low-key and just like hopefully
get it better because I don't want to
deal with this for the rest of all-star
week and like I have still things to do
for the next two days like this would
really suck like I have the worst
freaking luck when it comes to like
getting sick and stuff like that on
these trips and I really like I already
see like you can see me sniffing because
like I'm getting sick like that - okay
guys so I went to the store and got some
eye drops stink
it's getting better as far as the
redness I don't know if you guys can see
it's really bad when I go like that but
or they look strange it's not that bad
but look what I got this is my ticket
for the NBA all-star Saturday night one
day away from the NBA all-star game
thanks to SeatGeek if you guys didn't
know today you guys are watching this
and I'm going to be at the NBA all-star
Saturday night three-point dunk contest
Skills Challenge and if you want to
watch my whole experience you got to go
to the seat geek Instagram because I'm
taking over their story you want to do
it okay you want to follow them all
right so that's it I'm
go to see because I'm super super tired
actually I gotta edit you know when I
say that's that's okay I don't know
anything anymore
thank you guys for watching I'm outta
here I tell it like it is you don't have
imagination so searching for some time
now I gotta slow it down
I gotta calm down I been here for some
time now
