did you did yeah I stabbed a man in the
park
Frick what's going on guys hope
everybody is having an amazing day I'm
having an amazing day and it's super
early okay Siri I'm doing the intro
right now bro I'm having a amazing day
it's a beautiful morning to top that
street that turn okay shut up
it's currently Thursday getting close to
the weekend and I'm in San Diego I just
landed here and right from the airport
I'm going to the gym new year new me
2017 baby we out here doing big numbers
getting birth I'm just I've just been
playing a lot of basketball getting that
cardio and it feels good though it feels
good but anyway like I was saying I'm in
San Diego so I'm about to link up with
one of my favorite san diego-ins
st. san diegoans San Diego drink it in
Brandon aka Broadus
you know we got to go to his home court
gym and we gonna play some basketball
and we might possibly might possibly be
having our anticipated rematch because
if you remember last time we played
one-on-one I took him down and I beat
him and I got the W also guys I'm gonna
say this right I have to start right
from the jump if you are not subscribed
please subscribe because we are very
very very close to 1 million subscribers
we are like 68 thousand subscribers not
69 68 thousand subscribers away from 1
million all right I'm gonna see you guys
inside the gym and figure out where the
hell brand is
alright guys so we just got done playing
a few games your boy is exhausted last
night I played until 12 a.m. at my gym
back in the bay and then today I came
over here and we've been playing since
11 a.m. so your boys actually you know
making a effort to you know get some
cardio in get that condition in and be
ready by sneaker Conn Bay Area
hashtag comeback of cue well it's good
bro
soon to be 1 mil 68k away so I'll be
close to you a little close to you
hey if you guys watch this videos my
heart stop for whatever reason
subscribe please if you don't listen to
me listen to him we just got done
playing are we gonna have a rematch or
what I'm a little tired but I think I
could get at least one game in if you
ever fear down the way cos was playing
today I'm a little scared he was hitting
his show don't I play better when I play
consistent right listen
where was that speaker card I know
that's how I'm saying bro it's alright
though let's make the announcement right
now though for Bay Area cuz I haven't
said anything I'm down guys Bay Area
sneaker Conn branded is coming you
didn't you didn't go to Bay Area last
year right never been to the band okay
so we're gonna give him a full tour of
the bay when he comes
but Bay Area sneaker Conn we're gonna be
having two hoops classics and one of the
hoops classics which is on Saturday is
going to be a dream crew only game that
means everybody playing is part of the
dream crew and Brandon is going to be on
my team so we're gonna take the W I'm
the captain of captain of our team on
the other team is Ahmed he's the captain
of God it's over it's over it's over and
we got Watchi oh man I'm sorry bro but
you're doing
decided to play the one-on-one and we're
putting something crazy on the line so
here's the bet right here the winner
gets to borrow the other person's BMW
for the day so I get to take his I ate
for the day or he gets to take my M star
of my x5m series for the day so both
good cars you know hits a little better
is my dream car so I'm gonna play extra
hard so I could have it for the day but
yeah cars on the line you ready family
on vacation I'm taking pride
we're one one in the series how does it
feel
came back I'm not your mom I was up 11 1
and then made it 12 10 yeah I'm like I
took a dump fadeaway shot I was
exhausted I'm like yo I'm just gonna
throw this up and hopefully goes in but
I guess you taking my car for the day is
it just rather did you say
tell you both so you can't Bay Area I'm
coming bro I'm coming alright guys here
we go
so I'm gonna go get that right now you
have the keys or no the deal with the
loser
yeah the loser get subtle it's a winner
yeah the really get the yeah yeah
so that's why you are you saying some
new I got one thing to say I mentioned
in my vlog that uh you know I won so I
get he's coming for the day I've known
cause for a while and I know his a dream
car had been the BMW i8 for a really
long time now yeah oh it's only fair
damn I get to drive it to the burrito
place yeah I get an I hate for like what
a half a mile I wish you wish my point
two miles away oh hell yeah
what do you think of the rap though oh
it's on camera I was gonna sing that
like but I want to change the hands
though the other stuff I've no idea what
it is but it looks dope I don't know
what kind of you know hygiene stuff this
is but uh it's cause cause yeah am I
supposed to know it no it's really yeah
I love the red no I love red interior oh
ow dude have you seen that the 2019 the
Roadster convertible convertible i8 no I
just broke his heart that's why I didn't
get it last year oh really
yeah that's why I think it also doesn't
it comes out end of this year out when I
got this I originally went into the
dealership wanting to i8 and they're
like no don't do it there's rumors of
the new i8 coming out thank you I waited
but this was like it got announced a
year after you got yours BMW of San
Diego thank you so much for telling me
not to get this idea cuz it no one's
coming no I appreciate it
the new ones only a two seater I don't
know this is no this is like but there's
always no room oh my gosh sexy that's so
sexy and how it comes off too and it
leaves like it's a soft top though
that's the thing that sucks but it's
still gonna look sick
I love the color too just don't drive
too fast alright like why 8500 yeah
Brandon you're a high beast now I've
always been a hot piece I just never
showed it
yeah there he goes
brought the end of the day I still take
the W because I get the i8 so oh yeah oh
yeah and I feel like you just got a car
wash maybe not I don't know yet but San
Diego right all right let's do it hold
on how do we open the door oh my god
wait is there even room for my backpack
I could put my backpack in this car oh
whoa got the I ain't for the day of wait
where's the PowerBook officer here one
of my goals this year is to have the i8
it's been my goal for a couple years but
I want the convertible one like this is
the year this is the year well it's so
hard to get again guys I just noticed
that my mic might have been unplugged so
if the audio sucks in this vlog I
apologize but it should be better now so
how the hell do you even reach for this
heat oh the seat belt with the blue
strap this is definitely not in everyday
car I don't know how he drives this
everyday no no I think once you start
driving it feels like an everyday car
yeah but Brian's car oh yeah my goal is
to get like a traffic light violation in
this car maybe a speeding ticket
yeah that was just a little bit right
here yeah this is a bigger workout than
basketball you sweat more getting out
than he didn't hang our 1v1 thank you
for that that was very good that
two-minute drive we just had oh yeah and
a good game next time we're playing for
a month a month month of renting the
claim you actually try right yeah now
pay your car was sexy drive smooth -
yeah I told him when you're driving off
I still got the W cuz I got to try I
have to now take that time back pray for
me pray for me pray for me all right
guys so I just love San Diego and I had
a great time shout out to Brandon
shoutout to ollie
shoutout to Dennis I'm really really
happy that he lives in San Diego because
like low-key I want to start coming here
more like let me know if you guys think
I should come out here and do more
videos with Brandon or just like even
outside of YouTube just hanging out like
we got to hang we hung out for like an
hour after basketball and we just talked
and you know guy talked and all that
stuff so it was pretty cool make sure
you guys go to his channel and watch his
video obviously his channel is a lot
bigger than mine so maybe a few of you
guys aren't subscribed to him but if you
aren't subscribed to him go check out
his channel
but anyway I'm actually heading now
towards Northern California not all the
way Northern California but heading that
way because I'm actually gonna go see my
wifey gone for a few days in the Bay so
I do miss her you know I'm sayin I'm
gonna get cupcake aeon y'all do they
deal with this yeah i'ma go see Mina and
I don't know maybe we'll go he needs to
get her nails done I my
go get a pedicure yes I get pedicures
and probably just chill with her for the
rest of the day the vibes are right like
I feel good like going to the gym every
day literally and I was in the bay for
like three days I went to the gym every
single day I don't know what it is but
it's easier for me to go to the gym in
the bay than it is in LA because la is
so hectic man the traffic the small gyms
which are like crammed up and the
basketball runs there aren't as fun I
don't know what it is but I love the
suburb five you know what I'm saying
it's LA is just too hectic sometimes and
days like today are really helping me
decide what I want to do over the next
few months because as I mentioned before
my lease does end from my apartment and
me and Mina do want to get a house but
we want to wait to move in together
until after our wedding which is
probably gonna be towards the end of
this year so I still have a few more
months to figure out where I want to
live like I'm gonna either get an
apartment or I'm gonna rent a house for
a few months I kind of want to use those
few months to test out how my content
and how my work will be living on the
outside of LA because as you guys know
over the past year and a half almost two
years I think it's been two years I've
been living in the heart of LA close to
Melrose close to Fairfax I have access
to so many stuff like if I need a video
I just go on Melrose alright go on on
automatic Park in you know whatever it
is with I'm showing you guys the dope
shoe that came out whether I'm buying a
new shoe or whatever it is like I can
come up with content how would it be for
me to live on the outskirts of LA and
give you that not the same type of
content but you know my same style of
content so I'm sorry for rambling on for
so much but I kind of just want to give
you guys an idea of where my mindset and
what I'm trying to figure out and I
would love to hear you guys's opinions
because obviously you guys are the
people watching so let me know what you
guys think do you think over the next
few months I should test out living on
the outskirts of LA to see how my
content does and and what I'm capable of
on a different type of vibe or should I
just stay in LA for the next view
and just take advantage of just being
there which possibly could be me being
repetitive still so so yeah your help is
much needed comment down below or even
tweet me let me know you know what I'm
saying let's be a family so obviously I
gotta entertain my family I got a vlog
from our family we're gonna figure this
out you know same we gonna figure this
out I know I talked for like probably
like 10 minutes right now so I'm very
very sorry about that but I just wanted
to give you guys a quick update on
what's going on with me in my life like
I always do cuz you know we you know
saying we family and we just live in
that California lifestyle I'll see you
guys in a minute all right guys so we
did not end up doing anything crazy we
went to the nail salon and we just got
pedicures and Mina got a manicure so you
boys toes looking right for those of you
guys who are wondering what I did with
my old containers I didn't throw him
away I didn't give him away
I actually brought them well I brought a
few of them to Mina's house and I'm
gonna be bringing a few more but her
sneaker wall is looking a legit solid
collection for the wifey make sure you
guys hit that thumbs up for me
I'll greatly appreciate it we out of
here
