knowledge
to my room I'm going to show you guys a
quick look at it because it is freaking
huge I was not expecting this at all I
have my little living room and we come
over here and I got okay I don't mind my
clothes I got my own bed computers New
Orleans
so what's on the schedule for today you
guys are probably wondering what are you
going to do there for so many days am I
supposed to walk I don't know if I'm
supposed to walk right now but I'm going
to walk what do you what do you do what
am i doing every day that I'm here so
basically today I'm going to a Jordan
event so basically every all-star game
Jordan Brand host a pop-up shop in that
city so obviously we are in New Orleans
the Jordan Brand is hosting the New
Orleans Jordan Brand store here in the
middle and heart of New Orleans and at
five o'clock I'm going to be going to an
exclusive preview of what the public
will see tomorrow because the store
opens tomorrow they're going to have
like the all-star collection which is
the six is the 31 and the Jordan one
until then I'm going to walk around and
check out some stores because I think
there's like a footlocker in the mall
nearby so I'm just going to walk around
and kill time got some food maybe see
what Tony D and bullet are because I
know they're around here somewhere oh my
god guys look what I just found I think
I found the NBA Store we go bought some
things in here
so I decided to make the custom gears
because they make it literally right
here right now so I'm just waiting a few
minutes and then I'll show you guys the
Jersey I'm a lawyer all of a sudden all
of a sudden turn fold over hydrogen okay
so basically my peoples are at Jordan
you know saying they told me that I'm
unboxing something in the store today I
know what it is but I don't want to tell
you guys I didn't find out until about
an hour ago and I'm really excited so
it's going to be on crew kicks today
here is going to see what I'm unboxing
so make sure you guys go check that out
because I'm unboxing a pair of Jordans
inside the Jordan store and it's not
your average pair of Jordans no no no my
friend it's on fire all right
broccoli in here Krispy Kreme I don't
know how I feel about these still they
gave us the full week these are fire
right here though
those are hard guys man look at this
this right here beautiful this is a wall
crazy hockey look at this game yeah
coming back and I'm super tired but all
the copy that I'm I guess I'm outside
the Jordan store we got Tony you already
know what it is man we got we got pole
user live and direct all right so I
literally just bought you today I warm
over here like this running down like I
was running down here and I had to just
lace them up like this I'm trying to
make trends goes wrong yes
turnover sir I'm getting my reaction
because
Oh
I see gold ma'am I see gold that's right
it's also got eight and we got the
disjoint of 16
I'm not enough education I'm just trying
to take your content okay so I get the
color in the Air Jordan 1 and I'm going
to put it on the front of the features
that I set up doing a boxing difference
in Jordan 1 on it so basically I get to
color this out of block 1 on how to
block 101 I'm learning here guys this is
like
other people that respond to Tony I are
you a free t-shirt alright guys so I
finally finished my drawing my hands are
cramping but this is the one right here
we got camo vibes kind of like a
shattered backboards feel and now we're
going to put this in a t-shirt alright
guys so I just unbox this sneaker that
they give me but I'm not going to show
it to you guys but you got to go to crew
cakes to watch it but just give them one
word to explain that sneaker that we're
looking at right now luxurious luxurious
yep okay that's very very nice yes
yeah we enter in the party bus now New
Orleans on the road we have left the
Jordan Brand space and now we are at a
high school where they're having the
Jordan Brand Invitational it's going to
have four different high school teams
throw at it two teams are local rivals
and the other teams is actually most ill
and you guys know hotel you know all
right we're going in so I got a key part
but it's like packed here man it's
halftime right now all these holy show
in LA
Hubbard
all of a sudden great work but a lot of
people call you crazy more and more not
for us my really called you that is
Kirill yes there we go that way we'll go
this way
damn social practical time do you get in
too early so they all know about the
shoes definitely welcomes everyone look
I've seen you in different TVs have you
ever had a PD flow never all oh how do
you feel right now not of actress I
don't know maybe I could get a little
bit leeway not that kind of actually
involved also taught me that hasn't he
led this taxis you stop nothing yet is
up there I know about hopefully
hopefully you tomorrow
hey chatter - this man was good well is
going on okay
all the time okay you can join a brand
new term ravenous our team here has
advanced player coach miss the rest of
recordist our first night in New Orleans
was a success I am exhausted but it was
a success first of all let's start off
by saying that the official SeatGeek
countdown is right here two days away
Friday and Saturday from the all-star
game we're actually one day one and a
half day away from the dunk contest but
the main focus is well actually okay so
basically that's the countdown that's
what the main all-star game but Saturday
night I'm taking over see geeks
Instagram account and I'm going to be
doing live I'm going to be taking over
their story so if you guys want to
follow them I'll link their Instagram
down below follow them because that's
what where I'll be posting exclusives ok
my card stop because I I filled up a 64
gigabyte memory card for today's vlog
I've never filled up a 64 gigabyte
memory card that shows you how much
footage I got today so yeah I mean hey
I'm taking over the seat geek Instagram
account I will be taking over their
story so make sure you guys follow me
for Saturday night at the NBA all-star
Saturday night dunk contest three-point
contest Skills Challenge all that good
stuff this right here is the shirt that
I designed the one that I was coloring
this is the packaging it's super 6 with
my original drawing and watch this BAM
it is now on a t-shirt how dope is that
man it came out so dope
I love how I did that camo and then I
put the crew on the back of the shoe so
you already know what the back of a
different one would look like if I ever
got it Kalai again this is an actual
jordan shirt I got an XL long sleeve on
the back it's got the Jumpman logo so we
got an actual own Jordan shirt that's
freaking insane
ok we're ending the vlog there another
quick update before I end it I'm going
to regret this again talking so much but
the LA show tickets are still available
for general admission VIP is sold out on
March 3rd we're going to be performing
we're going to be performing a live skit
for you guys myself with Ottman Awaji is
going to be super super dope Los Angeles
if you're thinking about coming don't
think do it it's going to be late just
come out man we need all the love and
support that we can get because if this
show does really do
good then there would be potential to
take this show on the road thank you
guys for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog please hit that thumbs
up I appreciate you guys I'm out of here
time to rest edit and close a night
tomorrow we do it again oh yeah ten
o'clock and I'm super tired but all this
copy that I'm thinking maybe can't watch
Jenna so well god really been messing me
