alright guys so first of all let me put
this in focus three or four hours to
spare when we have to go to the airport
so we have about four hours until we
leave town and but we have two hours and
so we need to go towards the airport
let's all be nuts me too
oh I didn't even like later that would
you thank you ocean all the time now
where these easy don't son of son huh it
is Valentine's Day but let's just say
hearing the crew it's Valentine's I
marry
you've always correct me in the colors
run exactly how I want boy coupling it's
run Roman noodles I can't wait I was
just going to say that certain
Valentine's Day with all my friends and
my girlfriend but they didn't think in
front of me no let's just spend
Valentine's Day alone Oh aren't you
all right guys last day in Miami
we bought a get it
okay guys I'm being Electra speaking
shoppers well what they got we got some
gold joints over here bra easy they are
755 what type of food we brought the
ground coming editor we've got to grab
some editor area so let's go ahead and
go get some Nomad is meant to be one day
sooner sooner than later that you saw
happen so I originally thought I was
going to mince fruitcakes and I was
going to miss today's vlog but the
restaurant that we came to had Wi-Fi so
on uploading right now in their Wi-Fi
flow keep strong so we are going and
going hey god this is a burger place if
you're looking for yeah was it home last
Miami meal was lit very very very good
but now it's time to head back to Oh
dessert
alright guys are on the shuttle right
now heading to the airport got to have a
beach day today it was dope it was
overall a really fun trip it was by far
one of the best eco contact one of the
best cons I've ever ever been to now
super excited for Cleveland and Phoenix
which are the next Pete Seeger con and
now it's not to go back home
I got to go do laundry the blue one to
complete the set so it is later on in
the day I cleaned my apartment I have 24
hours in LA as I've been telling you
guys and I found these two guys on the
street and I asked them if they want to
have dinner with me and they said let's
do it so I'm here with
hi guys husband never even seen you in a
minute
yes I'm here for food comes up like this
vertical I went to Apple to try to get
my cracked screens big but they were
trying to charge you're way too much I
was like alright you know what it still
works I'm gonna wait so it goes out a
little bit more before I get it but I
did get a new case you guys didn't know
we just talked about this but my mic
wasn't on Farouk has moved to LA for one
month just to test out the vibes to see
if he likes it
yeah hopefully it moves out here because
we need another friend because some
friends don't hang out as much make
snakes and snakes in my own grass and I
just got a new apartment without grass
guys I keep drilling with them on my god
I'm so rusty from my amulets a vacation
time vacation motive still on but grind
mode is coming back this weekend because
we go into New Orleans
thanks to Cici couple more days into the
all-star game but we should also start a
second countdown we got the CG all-star
game countdown but then we also got to
LA show countdown which is on March 3rd
how many days away are we all my bag of
cards elementary so many a claimant are
they expect nothing less
okay just pulled up on Melrose we're
going to take care of some business you
know we talk in mobile talk today
planning out things for the future and
we need some inspiration so we come in
to Melrose to look at you know vintage
t-shirts and all that stuff but I he's
also slice swap some v-juice because I
need to change this size size for I have
a size 4 I need to toss a slice off a 5
for for a size 8 so I need to find the
store that's going to do that for me
because the size 8 is for the winner of
the Super Bowl
easy giveaway that I did I haven't sent
it to them yet because I've been so busy
gotta get the easy for the Super Bowl
winner cuz I'm a man of my word oh my
god
basically go ahead belay just for the
ground you got a cop all those you know
yeah moral or else I'm gonna unbox these
channels such as a definite house okay
this is the one out of the key because I
have the black version I'm not going to
keep the white version point combining
we're so discreet so by OSHA rules yeah
but I'm getting Q&E I complained about
any of these complained about any of
these and I bought all of them I don't
like it reviews though the two white
assessment if I don't keep on I'm going
to save these for a Miss crew takes
video giveaway ok the even ones i'm
keiko for sure what gets tried you know
these aren't that special we got them on
the dita senior like what are those in
luggage
I mean if yeah this code is a basic
ultra boost it looks like it's just flat
but it's actually like multicolor in the
primeknit and then you got two different
colored tips the reason why I got this
is because I wear that have a lot of
black and gray ones that I said was not
an issue of last year so this is going
to be like a daily wear type of ultra
booths not allowed color it's not even
black excite the this is like a blue
kind of like a bluish tint the inside is
like teal
I mean it's wearable with anything but
then it's also not just because it has a
little bit of color in it but I really
like it I might even take these business
annuity
VIP guys is sold out for the LA event on
March 3rd sold out really really good
more people wanted VIP at this point but
general admission is still available and
also the better I mean VIP is completely
sold out general admissions about
quarter left and if you guys don't
understand what's going on he's actually
going to be performing on stage a lot a
rapper about he's not rapping but we
have asked it a live skit and trying to
be late and on top of that there's a
giveaway there's going to be a raffle
there's gonna be stuff we're going
details about the raffle curl well there
will be a Turtledove giveaway I'm not
going to say how many turtles all a
viewing turtle does away
anyway they're equal or 750 or whatever
new easy comes out maybe yeah if
something else comes we're going to give
away a couple of my favorite shoes
there's not just going to be one merge
giveaway sneaker giveaways VIP we don't
need to promote VIP because be if you
stand up and promote that anymore but
there's a ton of surprises and this is
only the first show there will be more
around the country well not La La's only
one show yeah this is the only one in LA
so and that's what that's the final
that's when we're ending like our skin
portion like normally 20 I want you for
watch area beyond shell so then that
that's that and yet like 15 is beginning
on because fashion thank you
are you talking about having a lab table
perpetrated thank you oh my god miracle
they took my bag usually they don't
check your bag in within less than an
hour but they took my bag I was like two
minutes late they're burly like oh my
god thank god that's all I gotta say
where's my gate gate 43 43 right there
oh my god
thank you I was on a plane 24 hours ago
one day in LA off to New Orleans also we
can think we keep hopefully there's
nobody else in my room because you push
on I read climb and decline
