I know
right yeah another beautiful day here in
Miami yes I am still here I have not
left because I'm enjoying this little
mini getaway vacation after sneaker
clients finally back so she's back you
guys haven't seen her in a minute our
first trip actually was last year in
Miami so one year anniversary of our
first vacation guys by the way my arms
are super white because like I've been
wearing t-shirts and hoodies so like my
the top of my arm is white and then it's
like brown here so it's like please
don't make fun of me
oh dude what's up why do you always have
to make fun of me I guess I'm not
allowed to dab and do it I'm not making
fun of you is just rare oh my god oh my
god save you guys
three people put the my whole body in
the water
alright guys so today is our last day in
Miami as I've been telling you look
who's here
bad yeah looks good I haven't seen him
in two days or like one day but we're
leaving today so he came to our room
over here at the Fountainbleu my vlog
has been super short because I've been
just enjoying my time here having like a
little vacation still trying to get
footage here and there yesterday at the
mall I didn't vlog but I did pick up
some crazy things and I'll show you guys
I picked up another high B's pick up a
babe backpack I got this from unknown
Miami which is LeBron store or used to
be LeBron so I don't know if he still
owes it on the bait print blue very dope
very simple I got this trying to upgrade
my backpack collection and I'm just
freakin addicted because I also went
back to grad school going back to grad
school I got a Givenchy backpack too but
I'm not going to show you guys that
isn't most shopping I've done for myself
in a while Miami got the good things out
here man they got some dope things out
here so it is Valentine's Day with Sam
was your rounds endless let's see a I
don't have a Valentine I don't need it
you don't know beautiful view from Miami
man definitely need to come back
probably better come back next year for
spring pecan and I think I touched on
this topic after sneaker confident vlog
after the event that much but I was a
hybrid I said that weird I were the
hyperadapt first sneaker cause everyone
was coming up to me like oh my god why
are you wearing hybrid ABS why are you
wearing hybrid apps why are you wearing
all this like of something over here
wearing these two sneaker Khan was the
biggest mistake I ever made these are so
freakin uncomfortable after I think 30
minutes to an hour my feet would just
like take those off like I don't know if
it's because I have fat feet or what but
these things are horrible and no this is
not just me bashing Nike like I have
these things were not comfortable at all
if it's a shoe that I can't wear I'm not
going to keep these in my collection so
I'm probably going to end up selling
these because this was like like I
needed boost on my feet or I needed a
Jordan on my feet by the end of the day
I switch back to my Gucci flip-flops
like I was really wearing Gucci
flip-flop that sneaky con for like over
an hour yeah I don't
not like he's more fashionable and
comfortable shoes I can't think the only
and fashionable comfortable shoes I can
think of is a sign a tracer and that
just like the comforts outside good
those are no those are comfortable they
just play them out and nobody likes them
like they don't look good anymore let's
like Roche runs they overdid it like if
you're listening that stuff we got we
got some ideas give it our only shoe let
it be the new wave this would have
masked outfits too good to have that
seen far more and these I didn't want to
wear these because I felt like a lot of
people were going to have these and they
were selling these yeah that's going to
do it for today's vlog again it wasn't
that long it is currently the day you're
watching this so we're leaving tonight
and then we got New Orleans this weekend
for all-star weekend shout out to seat
geek they're sending me and I'm going to
be taking over their Instagram story so
follow them right now if you want to
it's going to be lit I'm going to be
doing a dunk contest with them I'm going
to be doing the main all-star game with
them then I just found out that crap
protect is going to be doing something
out there with Foot Locker so I probably
will be going to one of the foot lockers
out in New Orleans with cred protect and
I will probably let you guys know so you
guys can come say what's up but again
I'm giving you guys more information on
that on my social media yeah that's
pretty much it we got a lot of packing
to do with my luggage it's literally
empty and I got all my stuff fake so
we'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog hit that thumbs up and I'm out of
here
yes yes Ellie yes four o'clock okay okay
