Syke con for Lauderdale 2017 let's go
we are you know have to get that morning
but and energy and I starts tomorrow I
promise oh all of a sudden I'm Jonathan
with these almond you're here oh yeah I
guess
usually we're always running late but
now we're early so oh they're confused
over here that's one foggy spend like 30
grand already so we're going to go walk
around before we start setting up but
okay I go some loser is 10:30 oh how
much thirty five thirty five hundred
wow this is this house blue I think you
know we wanna just another day just
another day
oh I'm pretty sure look I can't my
anytime minutes wrong I don't know if
you want to count it but I'd be wearing
right now whenever you are and that
doesn't mean I know how to come back
they look so good on you
people like that right out of there
how's it feel it was like they feel like
that was magical that was a magical
moment
yeah she was she wearing the 3d print no
I wear on the top top like it
well that is a preview of what he's
going to buy today because I have a
security fence
I'm 20,000 in I've only stopped the Fox
tables and I've only been here like an
hour
so there's 80 grand on him I'll show you
everything we picked up I got like 11
pairs and Isis
my first deal was 28 years it was five
trays cargos 500g nmds for tricolor
white nine tricolors black 5 space time
little bro so that's it
and I don't all the things I was sensing
shout out Yanni shot at Carlos and shout
out me go to samples but this one was
pretty crazy I'm I'm glad I got these my
size person are sociable Vegas is going
to be real happy when I get all this
stuff back home right over there all of
a sudden these are the shoes I wore at
CP Condor your food classic I gave them
is out here you live out here your cry
out for example this is a shot a lot of
bricks is it let's call these the brick
also Brooke I just finished setting up
and these are the t-shirts as you guys
know right here and then over here we
got an extra batch of blue t-shirts
these are from New York City but what
I'm going to do is anyone who buys a
t-shirt they get a free New York City
sneaker sneaker konjam cool t-shirt so
you get two t-shirts for the price of
one doing something special for Fort
Lauderdale because this is a single
confer sneakers kind of the year gonna
be lit man I'm super super excited but
I'm like so hot and so tired I need to
go buy a drink before doors open I'm
going to die good he got two people on
the line in the doors haven't even
opened
none first of all my man's right here is
trying to get the musi don't know what
it is
wait times are grew by the way he's the
one that made my easy bosses you gotta
yell oh my gosh oh you're placed in here
without Earl doctor check these out guys
Wow these are a custom for L n MV is not
Arabic writing on the freaking front
which is insane is this bottom not a fir
elbow right this is a regular nmd you
know where your runner believe it is
really remember that's so so I think I
said this is my slice Chris Carroll
would consider this like granules it is
I don't know appreciate your yeah hold
on we got you those happen
alright guys this is a shoe for sneaker
con number one of 2017 we're going into
the future
take off the grid you flip flop let's
see what height pieces in this sometimes
it only
you don't name why's it walk around
underwater
oh there you go aisle 8 nigga con failed
there we go hi guys I'm a black eye
almost oh my quicky flip-flops in the
crowd
hi Devon alright guys so we're about to
start the Meetup and we're selling merch
everything's going great and I'm excited
man before the show starts you know we
got to put some of this song
hey my man pulled up on me what'd you
say
and the night a small fence tide starts
tomorrow and he gave me this bag right
here bro you would like you to do
regarding the diet starts like next year
FEM 2018 bra size if you saw me posted
on Instagram somebody made me is 2k
cover it was this man right here no
brick phone so we are about to do the
live set and we're going to cut this
live set short to 30 minutes rather than
an hour just because we have such a big
crowd waiting and we don't want to leave
them waiting for an hour
what do you want to do fast so I'm
bringing everything I'll take a picture
like we always do at the end of every
event for us we didn't hit a hundred but
I came right around Sony was like 70
almost 70 you might have made mystery
fans the most money spent at sneakers on
a last one I spend like 80
oh never months so modest report here
has been crazy like I've never seen this
type of support I wasn't ready for and
you know it's just you know show a lot
of you guys and give it back to you guys
that's why I spent most of my day today
down to everybody that waited in lines
out to everybody still waiting in line
and you know it's all Fort Lauderdale to
get you guys I focus a little bit I'm a
high fee how many people are I seek
video we all like to - so I know we also
have to read them you know so we're
going to have the first ever exclusive
interview of the life of a retailer
so let's cook a food writer then go
ahead and juice your name sir what is
your name is what is your profession
alright guys my name is a man aka fire -
Thomas he's only see the result is he
can that be
my next question and either orally or 90
come on
I didn't throw nice there you guys there
everybody take their cue off let's see
what everybody has long hair I really
have okay bye costly that operation up
there then we gonna do good makes it go
victory it looks like I see majority I
see a lot of Jordan now it smells cool
right Jordan or a Dido
we're going to ask you a little question
if you get it right we'll get you a
teacher all right Holy Smoke
trumpet a teacher what was my first
channel to hit a hundred thousand
subscribers that is correct
all the
while the other you can buy well Cody
dear Bobby DS tell you by rookie did you
just get all the guys to come on be a
junkie TV have a man like the custom CD
I'm sup guys we have another vlog a long
time oh yeah
we're going to close out here you guys
take pictures of the see them - I
believe a postive girlfriend okay
everywhere we're going to this one
alright guys my dude right here has the
craziest dopest customs I've seen also
guys about our sneakers now you can kind
of scouted me 4,000 scribers based on
Miami right here our space sneakers
that's right now let's show is shoes
how much would it cost for you to make
one of those creamy how much going to
cause yeah I'd love if you find this -
I'll do it for you okay you buy these
shoes and I'll pay you
we gonna make it happen we gonna make it
happen son it's time daddy oh all of a
sudden you're my man right here he drove
ten hours to get here bro Souchak eyes
shout - just ask you lugar as far to me
becoming today Justin I know I know I
just started but you know ask you five
on Twitter the words it's an hour drive
and of course beginning the vlog with
you man
guys watch it what's up hey look there
we put on aww so me Bobby
come on let me see those it just on
right morning Blake look at it I don't
even have this you cook off take us and
we what size is your five and a half
here this is like a playlist Agito
honestly all I need those I saw a 10 a
size 10 and a half of Green Bay
over there ah I'm a figure with you but
I actually got deleted content
what is that thing let's say Wayne
versus drink yeah Dodge's I read Isaiah
Jonathan angel my mom and God forgive my
any problem instead of long then I
passed my fam let's go to the Butte the
real world I just say why do you wet
what's up my man you killing I see be up
guy or whatever we got off the plane
tonight a.m. this morning right here yo
what's going on guys so fun
whose man is this we just got back to
the hotel I am exhausted I've never been
that exhausted by the end of a sneaker
Condon Estes because I got absolutely no
sleep last night
I'm apologize if my energy was blow
towards the end of sneaker Klein but I
tried my best to keep going I did not
buy myself shoes I did buy shoes but not
for myself these new v2 is I just
released today are going for crazy dumb
cheap prices for the cheapest I would
ever probably buy very easy other than
retail which was $400 I got these for
$400 you guys will find out who these
are going to soon oh I bought this I
don't know if I showed it in the vlog
but I bought this babe pillow right here
all my babe stuff is in the kitchen so
this is just going to go in the living
room probably when I get my couch
I'm trying to get a black couch so I
think it will complement it very well
the next sneaker con is actually in
Cleveland
so Cleveland City Gohan is next then
it's Phoenix I will be at both of them I
do want announce that next weekend I
will be going to New Orleans for the NBA
all-star game I'm going to the all-star
game I'm going to dunk contest I'm going
to tons of other events the main thing
is I'm going to the NBA all-star game
thanks to my friends over at Sea geek
and the dope thing about this time what
we're doing is I'm going to take over
the seat geek Instagram story I'm going
to post my whole experience for you guys
at the dunk contests like my reaction
siege dunk and it's going to be freaking
dope so I hope you guys are excited as I
am because it's obviously like we're
going to get some self content and
that's it man shouts everyone who came I
really appreciate everybody who came out
cop t-shirt hung out with this that was
SMN thumbs up if you enjoy today's vlog
- I know it was Libra I know the water
bottle flip
