you
what's going on guys another beautiful
day out here in Miami I am out here at
South Beach right now and we are outside
of KITT this is my first time going to
kids but it is like a sneaker shop slash
boutique and the coolest thing about
kids we wanted to go in New York but we
couldn't find it
barking oh yeah they have a cereal bar
cereal cereal the real they serve cereal
inside the secret shop so crazy this is
probably the soap we're going to go to a
few other sneaker shop to Miami q but
this one is like level school we walked
in real quick or we're coming outside to
do the intro now we're going to go get
some freakin cereal let's go again
the milk comes in the little pink bottle
it's supposed to be like a sneaker box
and then you open it up then you got the
cereal a spoon that has a straw in it I
don't know if it either but we go see
yeah
oh yeah oh yeah you know me you know I
love it remember you could be on a
manager to you at the best of the world
Nick come on they all on the next level
breath
with their milk is
Bon Appetit Lord you see it's live right
now that the other
hi guys so now we're going to look
around the store we just got done with
our cereal first thing that you notice
is this big whoa that looks crazy
it's like styrofoam Jordan five I don't
know it's like weird like moldy but it
like goes all the way around and there's
one right here this is the sneaker room
right here they got like some dope here
whoa what the hell and this in Miami box
for sharing any but these are hard I
like you still these are hard on it is a
woman being named the fours you got the
four sixes how undefeated she felt but
they look like you know million dollars
oh yeah vampire kick nose actually like
these I can't wear foam and not my style
cut out the money cake didn't look muddy
cake says the TV version is it
fava bean out my eyes okay so our twos
with our hardest tough weeks and booth
3.0 rocking life
Nizar lawyer what you got on c-span I'll
see I got the one of two days to see if
you don't have them you can't get them
what do you think of the Miami vibe Sam
I like to mine revives just like you
know like I feel like I'm in the
Caribbean after like with Miami's a
combination of Vegas de vie la all that
one yeah that's true LA traffic is bad
but Miami traffic is horrible as well
we're here at soul fly another sneaker
shop this one's owned by like Michael
Jordan son-in-law I don't know man but
we going in here hopefully they got
something at the top cause I haven't
bought anything yet man oh yeah I need
to show you guys I'm with mr. Winn keep
on winning okay hey young hustler out
here y'all right here and we got the
hoodies time you can - baby there's
gonna be a sequel
yeah Rorion what is your business you so
on no we like sneaker reviews blogs and
then we got the hoodies that I just
thought win so I like that era good well
I think it'd keep Austin are we all
together thank you actually we're
watching
all right guys so I'm picking up some
dope stuff I'll show you guys in a
minute because of that the register I
was gonna get this fragment shirt right
here but they don't have my guys buying
anything I don't know I need any closer
sneaker con I had literally packed jeans
and like a hoodie and it's 88 human
Jessa I was windy though guys I haven't
even shown you what were hit with right
now but hey he came to Florida to cash
out
should we she was saving for tomorrow I
mean he's coming to get some stuff for
the shop tomorrow and he's uh we're
gonna have I'm gonna have one of my
cameras follow him tomorrow to see what
he buys but he's planning to buy some
dope stuff for his shop UN so we'll see
what happens a lot I hate you all I'm so
hungry to come out tomorrow but was that
it was a walking business shoes McCallum
the military fuzz alright guys we are
finally meeting I'm the only one there
sitting in my food but let's just say
let me guess lady oh yeah I have not you
at all
oh man I'm so full so it was pretty good
man yeah and that was a good choice even
though we got rejected by that place at
first I offered them I offer them a
hundred to skip the line so then I said
200 to skip the line you really dislike
nah but now we're going to head back to
the hotel I got to do some editing and
filming and then I don't know what we're
going to do tonight but we got to keep
it low-key because tomorrow it's
Niekerk on the first Nikken continent a
year which I'm super excited about so
we're about to call it a night I did
pick up another pair of sneakers right
here so basically we got back to our
hotel and then I found out that David
and Alex are on the same floor as us and
then David actually asked me if I wanted
to buy these off of him for retail so I
got these for retail off of them because
they had these at the mall he went to
earlier so shout out to David got kicks
he also gave me a shout out to David got
kicked I got the I was going to cause
you to rock you you know what is wrong I
got the nmds right here the black with
the gum bottom super fire I did get the
white pear online which is coming soon I
shouldn't have told you guys that
because I was supposed to be an unboxing
check these out right here super clean
who's in here you so yeah we got I don't
know it's exactly these are call them
and call them the gun with a gum bottom
these are sitting out here useful about
everywhere in Cali sold out online they
are they are they are they are they are
sitting out here so yeah in a few hours
we will be getting up to go get go to
sneaker con so what am I saying in a few
hours we will be getting up to go to
sneaker con Fort Lauderdale first nigga
car of the year I'm actually super super
excited for this and I'm nervous I don't
know why the merch arrives I found out
that the merch arrived so the merch is
going to be on sale and I missed the
sneaker con vibes it's been like two
months it's been way too long it's going
to be super late so fine cakes you have
any last words before we in the vlog
here if mo let's just say we're doing
something just as this you take your
console spin you go to here for touch
mail toss the hoes of laughing for the
audience event road
so
