another day another airport
I'm near about to catch my flight for
some reason if this hair pops up it's
been like literally going up all day I
don't know what's wrong with it on the
way to Florida
nikka con it's Saturday super excited
because a year ago was the first ever
sneak upon I did in Fort Lauderdale and
now we are back again some super excited
how you guys doing today was a hectic
morning everywhere we travel this estate
effective to of course exactly even more
hecticness guys the tickets for the LA
show a house sale right now what people
can't find a VIP I guess the v.i.c is
available on a different page so if you
didn't pick up VIP I'll link it down
below if you want to get you guys I'm
gonna go get like like a Hawaiian shirt
type of vibe thing with leg I got one no
way lighter than anything going on ago
and that has like something goes on is
no way to get good get something about I
was like say no more
touchdown in Miami guys it's just that
it's 10:30 p.m. over here
more likely an elbow
we just got to our hotel and let's just
say new better learn it is currently 9
p.m. so I'm sure like all the stores are
closing but we're going to go link up
with a homie right now
I'm not going to show who it is until we
get to him but are you coming here and
then we're going to head out and we're
going to go to South Beach this trip
let's just say it might be thunder on my
shirt but the weather is nice outside
alright guys so we are finally on the
stripper out here in Miami with the
homie going on guys 20-week second date
once again you're gonna show us around
because he's been around here a few more
times than I have I've only been out
here once we're on Washington Ave and
then we're going to take them around
Ocean Drive guys you know those some
some I'm not a perfectionist but I do
know the main spots and also gonna have
a little ball tonight I'm hungry so I'm
trying to eat because I know they got
that bomb like walk out here that I had
last time Kevin the vibes are amazing
the weather is amazing
still sweater weather you know how I do
it offers a while right now you bought a
rented you all the ramen right now
you're right around the rice is going to
get it to go so far what a bad influence
that's what we thought what about into
autocracy this is the Versace house I
guess like I could see it in the print
so we're walking over here man and I'm
already having urges to want a sneaker
shop I don't know what's wrong with me
guys like I can't control myself I see
an Adidas store I'm pretty sure that's
closed hold it man I'm pissed because he
bought a pair of shoes and I did it on
my mat yeah it's a 250 for those yo he
just came up on the EQ cheese with boots
for retail at the sneaker shop that was
open right now
come on with our first round in Miami I
had to get some pasta you know I'm okay
let's just say the diet starts tomorrow
huh right when did it start
tonight I got it meal
don't on the bus I care about people
baby cuz he's saying that he got his
hair was already I was wondering like
why why so quiet
sure because I haven't even shown him
right guys well he has the allstar sixes
alright so you can't really see they
just look like they're all block up
blocks they look like they're all black
well on that once he turns a flash on
you feel like yeah you can't be hold a
lighter a little back is it Juba I think
that's do it but help no it's not the
same God it's the same guy is the same
guy Boober
even cancel it yeah but we just got the
same uber just go there alright thank
you know my friend Tony yes also Tony
was done over on edge of tomorrow yeah
okay so my good first night we just
checked out the vibe enjoyed it but I
got to go back to my hotel now our our
hotel now because I need to go post crew
kicks before the end of the night
because if I don't post it and then I
got to give you guys a pair of sneakers
well here's the thing is I'm going by
California time I still got three hours
even though it's almost midnight here so
let's just say we're cheating the system
polar what's going on guys so we are
back in the hotel room right now I just
got done editing and uploading crew
kicks we didn't miss a day yet I'm sorry
no sneak a giveaway if you guys are
paying attention to my Twitter or if you
follow me on Twitter I did show you guys
the official merch for sneaker con Fort
Lauderdale this right here that is the
front and that is the back as you guys
can tell the inspiration from this
t-shirt comes from the brand antisocial
social club and the reason why I wanted
to do that because I think it's a dope
brand I always catch a lot of heat
people say that I caught the other brand
and I bite off Kanye and this and that
I feel like some people need a reminder
that I'm not trying to start a clothing
line I just make merch based on stuff I
like I make merch for certain events so
that my aunt so that my audience can
have something to remember that if
and by or just to rep the crew I do make
original designs once in a while but
most of my stuff since the beginning or
since I started making merch and shirts
and designing stuff like that a few
years ago it would always be inspired by
something and that's just because I like
to take things that I enjoy and add my
own twist to it add my dream crew to it
and I'm always going to do that because
I think it's dope and everybody who
usually hates on this stuff is people
who would never buy anything in the
first place so for everyone who comments
and tweets me and saying all this stuff
and that like I'm not a clothing brand
I'm not trying to make a clothing line I
just make merch based off people things
movies brands I like and I'm going to
continue to do it because second thing
is they will be available this weekend
at sneaker Con Fort Lauderdale very very
limited it's going to only be available
for sneak on Fort Lauderdale before I do
end this vlog I know it was super super
short because we spent a lot of our day
we lost three hours today just because
of the time difference so most of our
day on the airplane so the audience are
a bunch of hos catch me outside how
about that I don't know if I should say
today are safer this weekend we're in
Miami but next weekend I am going
somewhere else for something huge you
guys can try to guess where I'm going
I'm not going to tell you guys I'll tell
you in tomorrow's vlog but guess where
I'm going it's going to be lit as hell
yeah that's it I'm going to end the vlog
here catch me outside how about there
