father oh wow look who it is
I thought it sexy for the beg chick
alright guys so I had to make a quick
stop at cool cakes that say what's up to
the homie Ben who's in town you already
know businesses moment where to talk
some local talk you know saying but yeah
I'm actually doing something pretty dope
today going to pick up what cost right
now and then we're going to be doing a
special video recently I told you guys
that I ordered too many of those boxes
that container store boxes I wanted to
give them to somebody in LA and somebody
actually tweeted me a picture of their
closet and the cool thing about this kid
is that he lives in the old apartments
that I used to live in like literally
the ones that I used to live in a month
ago so I thought it would be dope to go
back to where I used to live and we're
basically going to give them a whole new
stack of drop front boxes really happy
to give back again I've been really
giving back to you guys and showing you
guys how much you mean to me and how
much I appreciate you guys so hopefully
you guys enjoyed today's video and let's
go upgrade the homie sneakin closet
alright guys so we got all the container
boxes literally the cards overflowing
with classes with me heard about that
and we're about to go ahead to the homie
tops right now I'm so close to the wheel
this is where I used to live yeah man
we're going to go see him James Bryant I
believe Kali how's it going with Beth oh
gosh all of a sudden offered
Bronks we come in yeah this is a homie
we saw this picture and we wanted to
review your weaker wall so where is this
is this right here or I'm going to do my
own room side of my own speaker okay so
let's go ahead and look at it then it's
like too much blue room okay nice nice
so you're going to put it right here
okay you got the perfect 72 for it
charge my trial Emilio and shot my
brother Eric part and I sit along
another palaces are we going to get the
box then we're going to come back up
when you start watching movie is flying
like two years ago I never get to go
before I'm in Delhi
yeah before we got them pushing the
boxes and caught fish in these boxes
everything is working out right now so
we're going back up we're going to stack
up the boxes all of a sudden also the
following sunset for grading in history
alright guys so we got the sneaker wall
set up right here now we just look and
choosing the center so he's putting the
shoes in two cases right now I'm not
helping him with that because I don't
know what shoes are his out there and
they're looking room so I'm going to let
him just handle it we got some brochure
ons a lot of baseball speeds right let's
just say first baseball cleats sneaker
ball coming soon for cause he's been
known to hit a few balls in this day
I'll strike that I got you some crap
protect
- I know issues our little dirty because
he wears them so we gotta get some
crepper checked some spray for the rain
some cure so you can clean in and my
favorite you gotta have the crop icon
I'd like to thank guys for doing this
for me
it's a really big moment it's like
probably the only person that will come
I do it for me so it's a big opportunity
and also some alright guys so after our
room transformation being what costs are
here at the Cheesecake Factory it is
healthy leading Calvary multi healthy
eating we are talking about the show in
LA tickets are on sale for American
Express card holders if you didn't know
well actually today when this is
audience presale tickets can I give them
the coat or wake them go to my social
media however you want to do is you can
give them the code right now
on it or alright guys if you're in Los
Angeles we'll give it to them the code
now yes yeah so if you're watching the
blog you get first access the buy
tickets people opposed it's true you are
each of the promo code it's true if you
want to get your tickets right now for
the LA show on March 3rd with some Momus
brothers special get and other suggest
other sophistica I've heard about that
actually it's going to be lit man I
probably see you guys going to be there
in the kiddo
you
put them on the course yeah so they just
got their load of load is a very bad
words they just got their shipment of
the Nuvi tubes that's why I had to stop
by because I need to pick up my pair
before I leave tomorrow I leave to Fort
Lauderdale the speaker con yeah just
look at this breath my even allowed to
show all this out to the plug how do you
make this happen
I'm speechless I'm honest I mean OCCC
using and say my favorite thing about
this new version is that has that pirate
black back heel tab I think that was a
good little touch that they added
because the shoe itself is way too plain
so that is a good little detail but I
honest you like to infant size way more
it's just hey look you are they making
the zebra one an infant to but these are
so dope right here the infant sizes are
hella cute to get these to my knees my
knees are more use than anyone I know
man this is crazy I want to get a 5/5
I'm putting on one of my bare brick
imagine everyone's gonna ask how this is
big it was gonna let them know honestly
they're a little clunker
I think I'll head to the other sir yeah
a little bit but then again I think I'm
wearing it on the fuse box are low like
big like an sista bigger than a thicker
turn on the lights baby's going on guys
it's like 2:00 a.m. right now I am
exhausted but I'm keeping myself up
because I have so much work to do before
I leave to Florida in the morning we are
going to Florida because this weekend is
the first sneaker call of the year for
everybody coming to Fort Lauderdale I'm
super super excited to see you guys I
know a lot of people are trying to see
what the merch looks like and I kind of
want to keep you guys on the edge but
maybe I'll show you guys I don't know
allas I'll probably show it in
tomorrow's vlog when we check into the
hotel we'll see we'll see how I'm
feeling I did pick these up I got
ezv - so I'm excited to wear these I'm
taking these with me these are bra come
on bra lit like I told you guys - event
tickets for the LA event is on sale now
presale code is crew if you want to get
your tickets before anybody VIP is
available VIP wasn't available yesterday
so a lot of people were saying where's
VIP where's VIP VIP is available now so
it is in the description box down below
copy your tickets before too late
because you know it is limited seating
this is the first time we are ever doing
a full-on live performance event myself
with the Mahmood brothers afternoon to
our G is going to be freakin turn
surprise guests free stuff it's going to
be lit I'm telling you guys Los Angeles
I'm so excited to make you guys the
first city that gets see this this show
that we're going to throw on for you
guys so again tickets are available
right now with the pre so called crew
and I'm going to end the vlog on that
note because I have so much stuff to do
excited I cannot wait to take you guys
with me so now I think what is it on
that
you
