when I'm eating weird thing braces not
weird thing that I'm eating different
things like this you know I'm with one
person hello
yeah sizzling right - wait we're here it
is the Chinese restaurant grabbing some
grub right here close the bag we
literally walked here and he said that I
was going to write cookies in my coop
thank you I think he hasn't disappointed
when it comes to taking me out to eat
vot like four no three three was before
will we get the fourth I've been telling
you guys about the LA event that we are
doing on March 3rd want to tell you guys
that we do have a special MC who's going
to be running the show and it's this man
right here or you were talking about me
I'll talk more about the event later so
you guys kind of get what's your NBA
Finals prediction you think it's gonna
be a rematch against I don't think it's
going to be a rematch who do you think
we typically always going to be to God
I don't know who's going to be because I
didn't get with a second best team in
the East is right now to wolf I record I
think it's the Celtics but by ranking ox
on cetera the Wizards are up there now
who is there like numbers here right
behind the cows all right cows are going
to make it I obviously I'm going to say
warriors but I feel like warrior can
choke can so for getting to the finals
they can reproduce
Berdych it was work birds like you know
birds are on and off like they don't
have duncan anymore but they still have
fire like good ass play
mostly I wanted to be warriors and cows
so that finally everyone can shut up
with all these three 1vs like that
that's going to end right when if
warriors win again so while I was
working out with Kobe I offer you this
oh yeah I wouldn't doubt it brah I wish
this is my side this is my side
usually frustration level is like at
all-time high right now my entire vlog
most of what I've edited so far
completely destroyed microphone hasn't
been working and it keeps getting worse
and worse she's like giving completely
out like let me show you guys what my
vlog consists of right now like so I
apologize now back to the vlog all right
guys we just posted the social media
post about the free shoes and within
like three minutes the homie came
through
where'd you come from you're at work
down the street working shout out to the
homie hopefully they don't get fired
we're going to let him take the shoes
but for everyone else we gave a shoe a
number so when they come in they can't
pick the shoe they just give a random
number and then they get that shoe but
for you since you came and we weren't
ready yet we're going to let you pick
which one you want so all right ahead
and let's see which one you want
we're never going inland I mean with
those are you Eric Oh preciate you so
you guys got to pick a random number now
and you can 1/3 plus 1 to 12 punch each
other and pay a third raising you want
eight and the 800 the flush young man oh
go on
you get superdude four or number four
number four
Luke Walton ah hold the lake you go
these are dead stop so you learn to make
packet number two number two number two
please be lawyer John who's gone to have
gotten what all right nine step number
nine
what's wrong with Luke Walton great yes
ring through the great companies angular
and you want to pick one two three or
get a lot of crazy like Bashara I don't
know you're gonna do it somebody put it
what's up man how you doing so you have
to pick a number and then whatever
number you pick will give you that shoe
okay random one out of one one of one
blurt ain't 13 that a few oh my god
seven seven hey here we go cognoscenti
Rosie's finding I guess do sir Angela
well 12
oh there we go wait wait they don't sell
these in America there you go
waiter you got what's up all right so
here's the rules alright 13 shadow 1
mole 6e there you go relax my
appreciated man thank you because the
fall baby so I just filmed my first
official crew cake video in the
apartment it went great the only only
concern is the lighting so I do need to
buy those down right so that it's nice
and bright I did the unboxing and
obviously I can't show you guys because
you got to go to crew kicks to watch it
but I can tell you guys this more about
that LA event I feel like sometimes I
have too much information and too many
events going on then I feel like you got
it just goes over people's head so I
kind of want to break it down for you
the next event is this Saturday at
sneaker Con Fort Lauderdale which I'm
super excited about because it's the
first freaking speaker con of the year
now this la event la event is going to
be March 3rd I'm not sure if I can give
you the name of the event but tickets
will be on sale this week when I tweeted
about it a lot of people are like whoa
what are you guys going to perform but
we're going to be performing live skit I
can't tell you what it's about because
then it would spoil it for you but it's
going to be a little bit of myself and
I've been watching you doing their thing
and we do things together and there's
going to be special guests there's going
to be really free giveaways there's
going to be on stage Gaines is going to
be interacting with the crowd there's
going to be a DJ which is Mickey it's
going to be it's going to be like the
first ever in on my prep portion of the
show it's going to be like a sneakerhead
to be like alive it's going to be hella
dope some of the bay area crew is coming
what you never know who's going to pop
up some la people are coming some other
sneaker has maybe youtubers are coming
like I can't tell you guys all the
information but I can tell you guys
tickets will be on sale this week
there's two different tickets there's
general admission and there's VIP for a
VIP you get to sit first row or second
row and you get a free t-shirt and
exclusive t-shirt just for that event
just for VIP as well as a meet-and-greet
before the show starts so you get to
hang out with us you get to sit front
row and you get exclusive merch and
general admission is going to be for
everyone else you can just sit anywhere
in the theater because it is in a
theater and that's why we have to charge
for tickets is because it's not just
that's going to a store and doing a
meet-up it's an actual theater for us
form and we have to pay people to work
there and things like that so that's
explain that portion of it today is
Wednesday tickets will go on sale for
American Express card holders and then
Thursday there will be a pre-sale code
and I will tweet out or I will snapchat
or Instagram the pre-sale code so if you
want to get your tickets before anybody
else make sure you guys pay attention to
my social media I really need you guys
to come out for this event man March 3rd
it's bleep doors open at 6 o'clock the
show's going to start at 7 p.m. I really
good I need you guys to come out this
event goes good then hopefully we can
take this show on the road and hopefully
we get more opportunities to perform for
other cities but LA you need to make
this s turn as possible we need the
crowd to be going crazy I wish we can
let everybody in for free but
unfortunately we can't we just need you
guys to come out man and support and I
promise you guys we are going to throw
on a crazy show we're going to have a
create a great time and it's going to be
lit as freakin can be man it's going to
be dope as hell to top things off after
that event what is next we have sneaker
con Cleveland which I will be attending
on March 11th and then on March 18th
it's niekirk on Phoenix so every weekend
of March we got something going on we
have a little bit of a dilemma because I
made a little bit of I wouldn't say it's
a mistake but I guess I did something
which a lot of people think I'm a bad
person for I still find my reasoning
behind doing it ok just because it makes
sense to me like I think I saw earlier
today I did give away some sneakers at
Mag Park one of the sneakers that I did
give away was a sneaker that a supporter
gave me a subscriber gave me somebody
gave me a pair of Iraqis and I gave them
away and the reason why I gave them away
because I haven't worn them I never
owned a pair of Iraqis I don't really
like Karachi's and I appreciate the
gesture I appreciate the gifts I
appreciate everything you guys give me
but I just thought that I could give
that shoe to someone else who's going to
make use of it someone else was in the
crew who can make much more use of it so
it might not be in my possession but
it's still in the crew I didn't sell it
for money I gave it to someone who's
gonna wear it how you doing good nice so
you got to pick a number and then
whatever number you think we give you
that shoe with your end
big hole here we go dead soccer off you
yeah really great like enjoy your net
and it could it could sit here it could
literally sit here and I will always
appreciate it I still appreciate it but
I gave it to someone who's going to use
it more so I don't throw things away I
don't like sell things you guys give me
ever let me show you guys something that
I keep always after being on YouTube for
10 years almost 10 years or be 10 years
years in September of this year you're
never going to be able to make every
single person happy people are always
going to find a way to turn something
into a negative and I learned from it
and I just state I'm just addressing
this because I don't want people to get
the wrong idea thinking I don't care but
I do keep every single letter that
everyone ever gives me like literally
from events that you give it to me to my
P o box when you guys send it to me I
keep every letter this is my motivation
I want to make a scrapbook of all the
letters you guys give me so that
whenever I'm feeling down and I need
some motivation I can read these and I
can just get a little bit of push to
know that whether it was one person I
helped motivate to chase their dreams or
whether it was everyone a little bit of
writing that you guys get or did for me
it pushes me to grind harder so that I
can entertain more people and I
appreciate everything I want to use so
I'm sorry for the people that I offended
by giving away the sneakers but I just
want to let you guys know that I
appreciate everything you guys do for me
and everything you guys do give me eqt
boost right here I forgot to show you
guys that I did pick these up and wow
somebody actually spotted these in
yesterday's video and they said you know
what are your thoughts on those you
didn't tell us that you got them these
are freaking amazing okay first of all
look at the body of the shoe that is a
freaking pirate line okay that is a
pirate black example you can't tell me
that it's not almost okay kind of
different but look how similar those
look that is a pirate black print on the
freaking eqt look how much of boost is
on here Brad do you know how much
comfort that is like it even has three
stripes in the booth
and then look how high it is boosted how
much boost is in here like this is
freaking crazy best shoot right here is
the definition of boosts this is
beautiful man this inner lining is like
super super soft I don't know what this
is a super soft see from this site and
you see from this side it just looks
like two different shoes like beautiful
bra these are so beautiful this back
heel cup goes from right here where you
lace it if you want all the way over
here again I can't get over how much
boost there is an issue laces I actually
swapped them I put me places that have
this like UVs print to them kind of like
the private black laces I got these from
lace lab I believe and then yeah so
basically I'm super happy I got these I
have not worn them yet I'm sure what
they look like on feet actually they
don't that bad with these jeans I think
I was running on with the wrong pants
for the day look just what is that like
it looks like two different shoes this
one we got the pink on the sides of the
strike this size and keep it more subtle
with the black and no strikes and that
pirate black print but either before I
go look I can't wait to wear these so
called brought so much booze over 2x
like I'm on like a bouncy house
