we would try to work it out
every day we sheet bag remember we were
out there first they told me you too
like these days 600,000 dream crew
members 600,000 subscribers thank you
guys so freaking much we are 400,000
subscribers away from how many 1 million
1 million subscribe oh my god guys this
is insane I didn't even realize we were
going to hit that today until I woke up
this morning and I saw a few tweets of
people saying we were super close man
this is just freaking incredible and on
top of that I'm currently doing the easy
giveaway because as you guys can see
Lady Gaga's performing which means it's
the halftime show which means I'm doing
the easy giveaway and this is literally
insane because in how many minutes 11
minutes we got 11 thousand retweets 11
thousand retweets and I gained like
10,000 new Twitter followers which is
crazy like we're literally about to hit
100k Twitter followers which is freaking
insane to me and then on my end while I
wait for the contest to end I go to
Adidas calm because I really want to get
the silver ultra boost but unfortunately
they sold out before they even went live
and it was a pre-order which I don't
understand like how does a pre-order
sell out at ten and a half click on I'm
not a robot guy did it yeah okay good I
am NOT a robot pre-order
and no more size is available this is a
man the freaking ultra boys it's a
freakin football queen let's try this
from 2 to 10 I'm going to do the pool
around a robot bra oh my god what is
this
it's just what kind of stuff though No
oh my god it's loading from what does
that mean what does this mean uh not
great now I can't even begin select the
size it sold out officially guys thumbs
up if you think migos could have been
happy to purple sure how would have been
way more less than lady gaga to be on it
Lady Gaga like I don't even did she
still make music this has been my
project since yesterday reorganizing all
my sneakers on my sneaker wall haven't
started yet today but I am about to
start yesterday me not net filmed our
first a non official gaming video the
first time we actually recorded the
screen play and we recorded ourselves
and this is just a sample of our gaming
channel that is going to be coming soon
there's no date and I'll explain more
about it later but this is a clip from
yesterday of us playing yes I'm wearing
the same shirt because I slept in this I
haven't left my house which means I
haven't showered yet I know it's kind of
disgusting but let me know what you guys
think do you enjoy the gaming stuff or
do you just think it's wack and boring
let me know the first time for
everything so here's our first gaming
video alright guys so we are actually
about to play some games right now like
we've been telling you me and of it are
going to start our gaming channel but we
kind of want to get a rhythm of playing
video games and setting everything up
but we took our first step we actually
created the channel so if anybody wants
to actually go subscribe and be one of
the first subscribers on that channel
we'll put it in the description box down
below
we're not we don't plan we don't have a
date to upload yet but just in case you
guys having to dislike our whole like
having fun like doubling game get some
wrestling games you know some shooting
days it's like just up you know gaming
we're not going to promote it heavy
every day on social media and things
like that we don't know when it's going
to start but if you want to be one of
the first people to subscribe to the
channel it's in the description box down
below y'all going to do a little bit of
gaming right now so let's just get a
little sample I guess I better check me
on the tech girls stick around
all about the babies boy like a bakery
on Thursday or do it no Street you want
you need okay I go you are such a
greeting Worcester I know you do
why Fillion right bye ah this is so
insane my height squeaking I don't know
what first kill is always like
nerve-racking
Oh what are you hiding hiding brunch on
a pot on your ass
see how do we not go around and a first
date oh dude yeah we probably crossed
paths like a couple lines because this
is formatting that's how you do it they
want you to love us real pictures are
gonna come out yeah coming to town I
didn't use my weapon I didn't see your
just jumped off and all the guilt of
families are you
Oh Ernest right okay here like a website
yeah out of you you're playing how smart
your own don't know it and when it goes
to the server get out of here I do
anyway yeah you do this on your
Instagram I did that Friday
let's go boy come on boy
I'm just done in the height I let you
slack so we get this game braggart phone
you're going to do them again try to say
so I was dj khaled one-on-one basketball
who's winning yeah that's a good luck
you ready so easy in saline yeah
tidal baby three minutes love it it's a
tie game oh my god this kill doesn't
move yeah I just as you on negative
minute thirty seconds there you ain't
gonna fire me I gotta tie his game bro I
can't go out like that how much time
that 30 seconds 30 seconds find this guy
with killer where are you oh my god
meet me in the hallway breath we look
you're real or maybe the hallway hallway
up in the hallways the letter second so
is the whole way
we're a lot of spectators which I gave
bringing that right on your head that is
we both get the W she wouldn't want no
honest universe I've been having so
caught up on you
maybe next time so many sneakers I do
not know how to start this I want mainly
like oak sneakers to be in this area
last knickers that I really don't care
about I mean I care about all my shoes
but the most I don't worry so much up
there because I can't reach that much
with this ah this is a very very tough
choice in other news New England is
getting smacked but I don't think the
game is over yet Tom Grady Tom Brady is
the goat I wanted New England to win but
I mean I'd only watch football this is
the first football game I've watched all
year long I don't really care it feels
good to not care but if I had to pick
I'd go with the New England just because
Tom Brady's from the base so me drop you
got it
there's a penalty Wow Patriots came back
and tied the game that's great like I
don't watch football but I always put
into the great game
I just bet $100 - so you've watched
coming out all right so after two days
of organizing cleaning the sneaker wall
is officially a hundred percent done
my only concern before I show you guys
is that it is completely filled right
now meaning that there is no open spot
so that means any sneakers I buy that's
going to need to be some adjustments but
for the way it looks right now it's
really beautiful and I really love the
way I did it so let's go ahead and take
a look at the brand new officially done
Nikko wall and literally when I picked
up the camera right now I farted look
how beautiful and organized this look as
I was going through all my shoes I kind
of notice there's a few sneakers where I
thought to myself why do I own this
sneaker so I'm going to show you guys
the like a couple sneakers that I regret
buying so let's go ahead and just get
into it because it's so freaking dope to
me basically where I started was I
wanted my easy to be light in the middle
so we got the UVB to 350 the regular C
fifties right here over here we got the
seventies and then from there I decided
to fill all this bottom area with all my
boots sneakers so you just got ultra
boost energies in order to keep it into
the Kanye theme separate the LV Kanye's
and then I said to myself you know what
since I'm playing the LV Kanye's right
here our necks with the rest of my
designer sneaker so we got more designer
sneakers going down from our Balenciaga
that's that section then we went over to
here I wanted one big row of all my
favorites which is the Jordan one these
are here almost like it's pretty much
the same sneaker but they're actually
all very very different so basically
Jordan ones going all the way to the
bottom up there at input into Jordan
ones just because I wanted to put
something that's not if you speak as I
don't wear all the time so I put some
tyrese up there so there's speaker on
like high reason I see basketball shoes
and a few other end of my
he and other sneakers over there going
over to more class so many kairi's that
is some of the sneakers I regret buying
as all these calories but we'll talk
about that later again we got some
Kobe's right here we knew we added
hyperadapt which I'm kind of falling in
love with the rest of these are just all
Jordan also a hero vo basically I kept
all my favorite sneakers within the
lower section and then the higher
section is just stuff that I like but
it's stuff that I won't wear that often
let's check out the minion slippers for
the house the wall is beautiful but then
there's something I had to eliminate
also the wall in order to make this all
work and unfortunately I decided to cut
out my van so I have no pairs of vans on
the wall I have all my vans right here
temporarily until I find another place
to put them until I find my couch for
this area now to the part where it's
going to get interesting like I said I
was going through all these sneakers and
I was thinking to myself when it came to
some of these sneakers why did I buy
these here's a couple sneakers that I
definitely regret buying the a6 wale
Intercontinental titles like I bought
these because I'm a huge wrestling fan I
mean there's reasoning behind it why I
would buy this sneaker but now looking
back at it I would never wear this
sneaker I've only wanted once and that
was at SummerSlam in Brooklyn these are
probably are going to get donated or
some things because I don't think
there's really a resale value for these
I don't regret buying these because I
don't like them I regret buying them
just because I've been buying a bunch of
other sneakers that are a little
expensive so it's kind of like I can't
keep these in my collection because I've
been spending way too much money on
others I think I'm going to return these
newly-released low top 12 that came out
I was about to say 11 I do like this
colorway I showed you guys myself going
to the store and buying these again this
is another shoe that I probably won't
wear that much it's really not worth it
for me to have this sitting in my
collection for a hundred and what 80
bucks
but for now we'll keep these in a
solidly because they look cool you guys
are probably going to call me crazy for
this next one and I think I'm pretty
crazy too because I haven't worn these
yet but I kind of
buying them because it's just I don't
know when I would ever wear this
colorway the multicolor ultra booth I
wish there was way more multicolor like
I feel there's way too much white here
there's too much white and the primeknit
I want to be so bad and then I bought
them and they literally I have this is
only ultra boost I haven't worn besides
like the new ones that I just bought I'm
still going to keep these in my
collection for now just because maybe I
will find it and just because I love
boost and I rather collect boost over
anything right now oh by the way I
picked the winner of the easy contest
beamed with two S's underscore this is
the official winner of the easy giveaway
I got a lot of backlash from followers
saying oh you picked on by the OTL zzs i
picked a winner random all I did was go
through everybody who retweeted it and I
just West scroll scold school and I
picked one pick one person and that was
him I didn't look what issues they had
they had Yeezys if they didn't have
Easy's and he wanted so for everybody
that was hating on me I'm sorry but it
was randomly selected it wasn't based on
if they had Yeezys in their collection
or not yeah that's how I did the contest
and that's probably how I'm going to
continue to do the contest but I am
going to do more contests soon because I
had a lot of fun with this one and you
guys got super excited for it so more
sneaker waves coming sneaker giveaways
coming soon and if I miss any cool
tricks videos from now on or sneaker
giveaways coming soon you know what is
like twice these are the tubular
whatever they're called adidas tubulars
they are my adidas so I custom-made them
I tried to inspire them by those pusha t
adidas but it really does mean the
quality is great the shoe comes out
great but doesn't have boost so it's not
that comfortable adidas my adidas
actually messed up because I put I
wanted the tongues to say King Kai's but
they made it say Kai scheme I think I
will ever wear you again so this is
another sneaker that I definitely regret
fine I regret buying these high rocky IV
tubes just because I have seven pairs
Kairi choose and I never wear any of
them never I regret buying these easy to
CREP boots just because I bought them in
the wrong size the one time I wore them
in New York City during sneaker con the
trip not back to event they were killing
my feet my toes were like busting out
this right here my toe was like past
this rubber right here
I took the insole out so they got a
little bit more roomy but I regret
buying them because I got the wrong
freaking size oh no man I can't can't
really wear this unless you're in like a
city that works No so me wearing these
in Cali not going to happen these are
going to be my last sneakers that I
regret mine pretty sure you guys are all
going to agree with me because I will
never ever ever wear these the buzz like
your vans I bought these because I
bought the Woodie van so I was like you
know what I bought the Woodie vans I'm
gonna buy the bus like your vans as well
and I'm never going to put these on my
feet because these things are freaking
hideous the color combination on here is
hideous don't get me wrong I love buzz
like year like year not light gear the
shoe itself the concept behind it is
amazing like they even put the line just
like his own foot and they put like the
little screws because it's like the toys
I mean the color combo with the toy
store like this is this is great I would
love to buy this for my future son who
was a kid who loved Disney too at my age
I can't wear these the woody ones are
wearable though the woody ones are
definitely wearable if it's like Barney
sneaker right here yeah man that's it
okay before that before before the end I
have not left my apartment all day long
I'm going to shower tonight I promise
and I cannot wait for sneaker con this
weekend in Fort Lauderdale you guys
didn't know for the first time ever
we're going to have a stage at sneaker
continent on the stage we're going to
have an hour-long show that consists of
skits interacting with you guys giving
away free stuff free merge free crap
protect special guests and it's going to
be dope and we're going to do an
hour-long dream true sneaker call-in
show as well as do the regular meetup as
well as sell the limited merch which I
still haven't shown you guys so make
sure you guys come out to Fort
Lauderdale this weekend to Saturday
February 11th a lot of sneaker youtubers
are going to be there so you never know
who's going to pop up on stage with me I
also have some shoe
information on my Twitter today about an
LA event that we are having I can't give
you guys too much info in this video but
sure tomorrow I will give you guys the
full rundown in the vlog about this LA
event we're doing on March 3rd thanks
for watching dream crew stay classy IP
yes that's a 10 now we will try to work
it out everyday with cheat day remember
we were out there so they told me you
tonight these days you just rather go to
Chili's
