we will treacherous ready Carlos plumb
and level L face your next ones oh yeah
you better keep your head low
Los Angeles it feels so good to finally
walk these streets again man it's been I
feel like it's been a minute I'm
exploring this I'm not exploring I'm
going shopping today I gotta buy some
stuff for the apartment gotta buy some
height beat stuff I got to go to Sammy's
cameras right now because Sam Sam Sammy
cameras right now because I need to buy
lighting from my apartment so that I can
start filming during nighttime and it
looks good so yeah we're going to start
the day off here at Sammy's camera
this is like one of the sketches
elevators you'll ever be in my clothes
how small this thing and like literally
I know how to edit I know how to film
one thing I don't know the lighting and
all that stuff thing I'm just going to
get two of these things so freakin
beautiful today man
the block is hot right now your boys on
Melrose got to buy some high beef
everything high piece I can buy right
now literally I'm going to embrace my
inner high piece and just buy tons of
high piece for the apartment
and I don't care you know why because I
like looking at high piece things and
I'm saying is like looking in the mirror
what's up shark eyes and jaws had a crew
my scam is a Sam tactic and I'll be also
uh subscribe on YouTube so I'm walking
here on Fairfax and close to Melrose and
I pass by this like room and I thought
this is a store like I tried to open the
door but I see hella easy like there's a
crazy you flawless easy pcs in here and
I don't know what this is this is like a
freaking hidden mystery wall of b2 like
there's no register there's no business
name it's just a building there's like
pictures of bare brick on the windows
all he gets here but there's like LED
like just chilling in there and there's
like nothing else inside dog snores so I
wonder what the hell this is is it
literally
and tons of chillin in this story
all right good so I'm at round two right
now trying to get some more high stuff I
found this right here this was hard as
hell this is like a tie-dye all wars
episode one shirt I love Star Wars
Episode one Darth Maul in that corner
look at that Skywalker in the back this
is freaking this way go I gotta get this
right here they have another one too but
I'm not going to get the other ones as I
kind of like the darker vibe I can check
this one out yeah dude I got to get it
man back everything hey that's good good
you can see that my birthday yeah watch
it is it really yeah I got him in like
hours it was little things where I was
like ridiculously hyped and then I'm
warm a couple of times and I figured I
need a half size smaller I want the
grape hair so what size is it this is
ten and a half cerimon yeah go for is it
going to work right away
yes
oh my god Alton over on the manage out
to Jacob you know you can make it what
it's all good
wait wait wait let's look at the sauce
though oh yeah hey it was all your
signature right here and those sneaker
cons so what'd you guys come this year
oh yeah we will work for I feel like I
have to have this like am i doing man
che to the feet huh yeah
look at Heidi all of a sudden little so
alright guys I left round two
empty-handed but I'm going back so that
I can buy this this purchase and I don't
know man I'm gonna tell you guys right
now you know I've been bashing Nike a
lot but I still buy their sneakers man
at first you guys saw the video I had a
whole rant about how I think the
technology on that shoe is wack and I
still not you know I thought that would
be flying shoes by now but there isn't
so yeah it's not my favorite take up but
I want to get it and I'm gonna be a high
peace and I'm gonna say I want to get it
now where is this guy because I got to
pick this guy up real quick yeah real
vibe welcome back guys are going into
the gallery right now which is like
their correct you guys taking you guys
before but if you haven't seen it
already we're going in right now
what the hell in local evening local it
gets her sheer beauty boost and that's
crazy he says these who the man's
breasts they got company hmmm I think
it's like not really can you don't know
what all these pulses boxes follow how
many people does it take open up a ball
my god that's hard now but damn problem
is a little bad so uh it's okay cuz you
to the charging cable the future isn't
tomorrow it's today
I can do that you just press down yeah
can you put them on you don't touch
anything and it automatically move in
right now you just put them on ice and
shake just put back waiting I get it
you need to go and then you just walk
around if the end of the last day on the
way I think so I'm not sure they look
any like a job like you know you want to
go pick up kids and you take them off
yet I'm listening but imagine why you
chose me darling you're not beautiful
each other you like that were you come
back but the old are you ready I then go
I think that you would like crooked the
way we get anything wrong with tennis
shoot some guys is charging right now so
that's why the light is red literally
this is the charger use identity I want
you to set up this other wars bring it
so I went today earlier and I copped it
there was one of you that mag park and I
saw and they told me they got it from
there so I got this one babe look at
this back to the future right here this
is a halfpipe right here oh my god the
board just float just like the hover boy
you cool Oh
remember Technic yeah all right so this
is what else I bought from around to
actually bought a few things I bought
this right here which is space carpet
that I won in got the babe carpet I'm
going to put this by my sink for when I
wash dishes I think like right here is
perfect like a little big head so like
this always finite in episode one and
then I don't know why I bought it
but I have like extra cookie buffering
cup this is to eat like Roman noodles
and things like that but I'm probably
going to just use it for cereal let's
just say miso soup anything fishes and
then the last thing I got was so I got
two of them now the red bear brick bass
very sexy very dope smells like the red
one and I got the black one and they're
going to go together someone go stand
them over here get the whole base
kitchen you got the beige carpet the
base bear bridge both of them
this is that state you should be
connecting everything off words that
kittens all be specific IP kitchen I be
cooking here
and
Jordan Brand has just been releasing
dope ass stuff lately
it is basically an Eminem car hard for
with the gold hints on it I mean look at
that leather back down I'm not doing a
review on for these on crew kicks and
the reason for that is just because
everybody has copped them and then I'm
talking about not just people were
getting a shoe for free like I've
literally seen a lot of the other
sneaker you tubers go out and buy this
shoe because they like this I'm not here
trying to sell the shoe to you guys I'm
just letting you guys know what my
opinion is on the Jordans that I like
and telling you guys don't sleep on good
Jordan especially you know a lot of
Jordans and other sneakers they're going
over 200 bucks these ones are 90 bucks
this is a good starter if you're looking
to build your sneaker collection and
you're looking for some fillers or just
some sneakers to like get yourself
started this is definitely one of those
shoes and I'm not even a big Jordan 4
guy I'm not a big Jordan 3 guy you know
I'm a big Jordan one fan so I rarely get
the fours and they come out definitely
wanted to get these it's like 3 a.m.
almost and working on a little project
here and reorganizing all the sneakers
in the sneaker wall are all over the
place all over the floors but I have a
question for you guys so if you notice
that the original sneaker wall I had
like a little bit sticking out and
that's because there's a plug in the
back that connects like the cable box in
the PlayStation and this is what I
decide to do which I don't know if it's
too safe I made a hole in this container
and the plug is literally right there so
you guys can see the plug nothing
touching it but the cables are just
sticking out and they're going to I mean
I don't think I'm gonna press you in
here they may be this one empty if I do
put a shoe over your very like me like a
programs or something do you guys think
that's safe like I also ripped off the
door too so that it has air I don't know
if that safe because I don't think there
will be a problem because I'm sure like
things always rub against plugs and like
one has a plug ever like exploded or
anything just let me know if you guys
actually know the actual answer to that
safe or not comment down below or tweet
me or something I also finally bought a
little entertainment set this is going
to
you I mean it's nothing too crazy but I
got my playstation my cable accessories
the Kobe's and I'm probably gonna put
like a I got something right here I'm
not going to tell you good yeah before I
end the vlog I do want to say that if
you didn't watch the crew kicks video
that I uploaded yesterday or two days
ago basically during halftime of the
Super Bowl I will be doing a giveaway on
my Twitter so if you guys want to follow
me on Twitter it is acti somar announced
the other day that I'm going to be doing
it during the halftime show of the Super
Bowl but unfortunately I guess people
misunderstood what I said and they've
been people have been non-stop treating
me the size of the easies they want
because I'm giving away a pair of Yeezys
and I just tweeted a couple times saying
don't tweet me yet wait till the past
time show the Superbowl and then we'll
give you guys the contest rule so I
don't know why people are tweeting me
the size and the color of the EZ they
want but I'm going to tweet during
halftime of the Super Bowl again and
from there whatever I tweet you guys
have to do what I say in the tweet and
I'm going to pick one person to wear a
pair easy sneaker con Fort Lauderdale is
exactly one week away because it is
Saturday alright guys I'm out of here
hit that thumbs up if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog man your dream crew love
you guys thank you guys for always
supporting state classic
come on
