my life is because I love looking back
at certain moments moments where you
can't capture what exactly happened in
photos you can take a picture to show
where you're at what you're wearing who
you're with but to capture the actual
moment the memory and watch it years and
years later with a video camera is just
so it's so amazing to me and I've always
been fascinated by it since I was
younger and that's why I'm into YouTube
a lot of people always ask me why did
you start YouTube I never really started
YouTube to be a youtuber I started
YouTube because I wanted to share my
visions and my life with the world and
hope that people would enjoy it yeah
I've been kind of not really
vlogging I guess daily in 2018 and I
want to I want to upload a lot of
content but I also want to make sure
that I'm uploading the best content that
I can create feel like my last like five
to ten videos have been like up there as
in like some of the best stuff I've
released over the past 365 days I don't
want to just upload BS videos so I've
been picky and I have a whole bunch of
videos and I kind of want to just bring
them to you guys now so first things
first I did go to Disneyland with Mina
my sister Omar my brother-in-law and my
niece aya it was the last day before
they took down all the holiday
decorations so we took advantage of
going we all have season passes so we
had to go to Disneyland so let's cut to
Disneyland and see a little bit of what
we did
alright guys so we just went on
guardians of the galaxy if you remember
I complained because this used to be
Tower of Terror which was my favorite
ride ever but they changed it for
guardians of the galaxy and I just went
on it for the first time and honestly it
was Tower of Terror on steroids it was
so good they did not disappoint it was
worth it so if you guys come to
California Adventure make sure you go on
guardians of the galaxy because it is
absolutely hella fun
hella fun I was I was very crapped out
that is they changed it Tower of Terror
we miss it but this was really really
good they killed it yeah it was late he
was worth the hour wait yeah you might
have held my hand the whole ride but I
was thinking how can I make this vlog at
Disneyland different from every other
time I came here and I was like you know
what Disneyland
needs some hype in it you know I'm
saying
Disneyland I need some hype in it so
today we're gonna be turning so we are
gonna turn Disneyland into Supreme land
today you ready I'm wearing I'm wearing
that what's on feet part of my hashtag
no DS challenge I got the pirate blacks
on yeah I wore them first he was wearing
zebras he's like I think I'm gonna wear
player like two because I want to save
zebras for another day I can only wear
one I knew I have to wear a different
shoe every day and until I can until I
give up no until I give up cuz I want to
wear every shoe that's why I'm doing the
hashtag no D s challenge follow me on
Twitter to pay attention to my no D s
challenge which stands for no keeping no
shoes D s it doesn't mean you have to
wear a new shoe every day it just means
you have to wear a different sure every
day and so far I've worn I challenge
Tony he couldn't handle it I handled
Christo a challenge gusto he could have
handled it the only people that are
competing it's Blake win and Mike the
compass so shout out to them but I'm
gonna win I'm gonna I'm gonna last the
longest no homo but anyway let's turn
Disneyland in the Supreme land
hi
that was cool we got there pretty late
so it did get kind of dark and I didn't
film that much but when I did get home I
had a package waiting for me
so I went home I opened up the package
you know the drill
hit the intro please don't mind my hair
oh my god I got this package from five
pillars if you guys don't know five
pillars is a company that's owned by my
good friend for roof this is part of his
new collection and honestly this is the
best collection they have ever dropped
I'm not just saying that to you know
hype it up or promote it I'm saying that
honestly like I've told them like this
is the best collection they've dropped
so I'm actually in a rush I'm just gonna
open it up quickly I am gonna be doing
like a full lookbook video for this
collection I just don't have time to do
it today 2018 is going to be huge thank
you for the support love brother
appreciate you love for roof so shout
out food for the letter we got a five
pillars tote bag just a gray hoodie with
the embroidered five logo right there
that says five in Arabic you've got this
dope ass design with this arabic writing
i don't know what it says but it is
embroidered this is all embroidered and
then this map right here is a graphic
and then this right here is like a patch
also the tag is like a patch as well so
that detailing on this is crazy and then
we got another hoodie right here this
one is a black hoodie there's no back
design but this one is also embroidered
too and again I don't know what that
says either I should probably do my
homework okay this is the blue version
of that grey hoodie again we got the
five logo again look like you could see
these are like patches right here these
aren't like you know iron-on designs
these are actual patches and then this
writing is actually embroidered quality
is crazy on these and then this is the
dopest thing that they've released is
this jumpsuit right here these are the
pants it's like a track suit it's like
the old vintage type of feel so it is a
little bit baggy like I got a large dope
design right here you see that it pipes
all the way to the bottom you've got the
embroidered five logo right there and
then you've got the same design going
down the sleeve so you have it on the
sleeve and the pants like I said I'll be
doing
a lookbook on this whole collection is
very very soon so stay tuned for that if
anybody wants to pick any of this stuff
up it's in the link down below five
pillars Co make sure you guys go get
some of this stuff before it sells out
because I promise it will sell out this
stuff is hot
alright I'm out of here and now I'm back
here in the bay I did stop by social
supremacy because they had some fire in
the store and I also had to pick up a
pair of sneakers so we are gonna cut to
that and see what I got because I got my
mom a birthday present
Dandy's are sick go blue and quality you
give them yeah all that mark on the back
though yeah it's the number four players
number yeah these players are flipping
on though they're giving them hell
issues now does each player get every
single one alright guys I secured the
box you know what I'm saying
it's hella windy out here man this
weather in the bay it's always gloom eat
you filming guys and also I ripped my
freaking pants look at all of a sudden
okay yeah and my mom should be arriving
any minute now from work I thought she
was gonna be here already but she's not
here so I'm just waiting and this is
where this episode or vlog or video or
whatever the hell you want to call it
continues I do want to say I usually
wait to the end of the vlog to say this
but I want to start saying it in
different parts of the vlogs just in
case you guys don't watch the full thing
I don't know if you've checked or not
but I'm gonna check right now
guys we are 70,000 subscribers away from
reaching my biggest goal on YouTube
which is 1 million freaking subscribers
we have been growing so fast over the
last month so I want to thank all the
new subscribers who have joined the crew
and if you are not subscribed but you
are a supporter or you come back daily
and you watch me or maybe you just watch
once a month
guys subscribing it's bigger than you
think it's been a goal of mine for years
now since the first day I started
YouTube I'm like yo one day I'm gonna
reach a million subscribers and when I
reach 1 million subscribers it
represents all the years of hard work so
please subscribe right now alright I
think my mom's Oh got your birthday gift
no yeah I just got back from the gym and
your boy was out there whooping man I
love playing basketball here in the Bay
Area I don't know what it is but I
always play better when I'm in the Bay
Area hold on let me fix two here one
time this vlog has been like literally
all over the place the next few days I
am here in the Bay Area I'm gonna be
linking up with Harris tomorrow alright
so basically what I want to do right now
is I want to talk to you guys about my
snupps account if you guys don't follow
me on snupps you need to follow me on
snupps link is and the bio down below
make sure you guys go follow me because
I have one of the dopest groups on the
snubs app and I'm gonna show you guys
about it right now okay so basically
this is snuffs right here where you like
showcase all types of stuff but I
actually want to take you guys to my
group ok so my group is called the
heipiess crew it's got 1.5 thousand
members basically what I've asked for
you guys to do is to post your outfit
pictures not just your shoes I want to
see your whole out
and then I'm gonna look through the the
group every maybe once a week or
whatever I can and basically you know
just see some of the dope outfits you
guys have shout some of you guys out and
it's a way for me to you know mention
some of you guys names in here so if you
guys don't follow me on schnapps and
make sure you guys join the hypebeast
crew group I like this one this is the
outfit grid right here you know he's got
the jogger pants the champion crewneck
the adidas tee and the adidas eqt and if
you look very closely right here you can
see the G's is the g-shock on this
pretty dope that he actually tagged
every cell every item to so that's
another thing you can do is when you
post your picture you can tag each item
let me try to find so oh I like this
right here this boy right here is
swaggin with the Gatorade okay I see you
with the he used the Gatorade towel as a
facemask that's pretty funny if you guys
have a youtube channel too and you want
to post it in the high piece crew go
ahead I'll shout out some of you guys's
channels shout out to the homie right
here I'm not sure what his channel is
jake the snake' underscore sneaks check
them out on youtube and i'm gonna try to
do this at least once a week where I
just sit down and kind of go over your
outfits it probably won't be as long as
this is right now it'll probably be just
be like a two or three minute segment in
the vlogs
it's 1:50 a.m. so I'm gonna call it a
night I do have a few video ideas that I
do plan to film out here all right
that's it I'm out of here thank you guys
for watching dream coup I'm sorry for
all the talking today peace
