what's going on guys so starting the day
off well it's actually already 455 but
starting the vlog off
grabbing some grub what I can only eat
soup so I got me some broccoli cheddar
soup keeping it low-key I'm with the
homies swag at diddy right now I'm
leaving back to LA in like a couple
hours I'm actually excited to go back to
LA soon I forget my roots like a bald
head
guys I don't I'm really happy that I'm
leaving because it's raining you know we
were reminiscent talking at a Panera
Bread just talking about the old times
maybe like two years ago a year ago back
well before I moved to LA it was so easy
for all of us to hang out together we
had we had worries I mean we had jobs we
had got pie our priorities but we always
found a way at least once a week to all
get together whether it was us Harrison
so I coming to Fremont to kick it or
whether it was me to going to where they
live which is like an hour 30 minutes
away to kick it unfortunately it's not
like that even even when I was living in
LA I would still come to the bay and I
would still try to make time to get over
there or they would come over here and
hang out but unfortunately you know
times change people have other
priorities you know I'm saying and
things just sucks men that you know
friends we it's not that we're not
friends anymore it's just you know
everybody has like I said different
priorities and you always have to grow
up and it kind of sucks but that's life
man that's exactly another reason why I
do love vlogging is because I can look
back at all of our dope memories that we
had and all the good times we had and
and just from going and playing mini
golf or bowling to going to the mall and
and hanging out at the house and
wrestling or filming or whatever it was
we did man we had some good times and
might include a little highlight reel
right here just like a seed you gotta
plant roots good times man good times
man memories I'll never forget
alright guys we hittin up the mall the
worst of all in the entire United States
of America we're trying to kill time and
I don't have to leave for my flight in
two like two hours all of a sudden is
became vlogger why's he look like he's
got the good jump off that ledge right
now like he's walking so fast
what is this mall so white I feel like
I'm in heaven another thing that we were
talking about is how Nike isn't
releasing an all-star pack for the first
time in hella days which is just crazy
what is your opinion
like you said Nikes falling down you
know that's a new sheriff in town I
don't know man I just feel like Nike I
have mixed emotions when it comes to
Nike but they overdid it and it kind of
killed their own hype I'm still ready to
patch things up I actually have a
meeting with Nike tomorrow so
that's where I was arguing with someone
is it you say it Tom or not call her say
this ain't the city you know I'm saying
hey all the Concord goes go back back in
attack swag today let's just say that
YouTube check came in can i order this
Kate with the picture of the family or
no
yeah I like that picture that picture I
want that picture on my cake yesterday I
was getting off the card you broke my
phone guys on a PC it's not that bad
back to the Nike scenario here's another
thing that I think it turns a lot of
people including myself away they don't
give us what we want
like they bring back a shoe and they
only release it in like two cities that
LeBron won they released it in like New
York only in Cleveland and to my
knowledge I think and only release like
in four or five places and then a whole
bunch of boutiques which was nearly
impossible to get they released it
randomly on the sneakers app and then on
top of that everybody's like give us the
wheat give us the wheat instead of
giving us the wheat LeBron won they give
us this but a Chan Chan but in
vagina tan BS like whatever it's called
they give us that freakin wack nobody
wants that
and even that shoe they're gonna make it
super limited Oh only available in New
York City like not everybody lives in
New York City okay and I just feel like
Nike does that and it just pisses people
off and it makes us not care what
they're doing so that's why I've been
super supportive of adidas I've been
super supportive of Jordan Brand because
Jordan Brand has just been releasing
everything we asked for a Nike I mean I
still buy the shoes which I buy the
shoes I like and I'm not here to hate on
Nike but I just don't understand why
they don't listen to us the consumers
more and give us what we want
maybe Kanye would've left if he did that
I had a cousin that stole my laptop
150,000 just to get a prom real friends
how many
real friends thanks to the right
this is why I love this Airport look how
dead it is I was literally the only
person checking in right now I only
brought my backpack this time and so I
think that this like target bag filled
adult stuff I bought it's like bathroom
rugs and random stuff like that and all
that supreme hype I bought yesterday I'm
back in LA guys I feel like I end all my
vlogs unboxing something now is that
good or bad this package right here is
like the I've never seen a package
package like this where is this coming
from Netherlands this is from Amsterdam
shout out to the plug he knows who he is
Drake is on tour overseas right now I
think he's in London right now you know
me man I'm a sucker for any type of
merger of my favorite artists the homie
hooked me up with some Drake Boy Meets
World Tour merch first off we got the
Hat right here the Boy Meets World Tour
the more life hoodie
it's his more life on the front and then
on the back it says more time with
family and friends flower on the front
and then on the back it says the Boy
Meets World Tour tour tour and we got
that same one right here in the white
with the yellow rose on it our flower
whatever Boy Meets World Tour tour tour
again on the back we got the more life
shirt long-sleeve this is just like the
hoodie long-sleeve more life on the back
oh my god there's Helen here Oh God
album cover I believe of the album war
life that has yet to drop or mixtape
whatever it is more life more time to
get it right right there another shirt
right here just like the hoodie this is
a long sleeve shirt and it's got the
flower on the back again it has the more
life and it's got the cities and this
one says more live again and then again
on the back it says more time with
friends and family hell yeah dude I feel
like I'm one of the first people to have
this out here in America before I end
the vlog here I do want to say about my
whole nike rant do get free packages
from sneakers from companies here and
there but the end of the day mostly
sneakers that you guys see me review and
show you guys I'm buying them you know
what I'm seeing I'm
out there and I'm spending my money on
these sneakers and I'm supporting these
company I'm not here to just talk smack
about a company because they don't give
me free stuff I'm just giving the
consumer point of view at the end of the
day everybody's gonna have their opinion
there's still people who believe Nikes
the top of the top and there's people
who think adidas is just wiping them off
the face of this earth face of this
earth again COO kick-starts backs up but
start back up again crew kick starts up
again today so make sure you guys watch
that and yeah man that's it quite
Matthews young Cory Matthews up in here
Philly
