I really wish I wasn't saying this but
I'm back at the airport I love traveling
don't get me wrong but I haven't been
able to stay in LA and finish my
apartment but so many setbacks but let's
get a major comeback
I didn't even mention the fact that I
missed my original flight this morning
and I had to get on another one as well
as changed my dentist appointment or
later time so once it's been like a mess
twelve o'clock let's leg up too late
again I thought Lisa
alright guys so we're back home in the
bay
trying to get them vlog uploaded it's
seven minutes remaining my rides about
to be here I've been trying to upload it
from LAX an ally I had to turn it off
because we were boarding and that ended
up be staying on the plane for an hour
before we took off so there's so many
dilemmas but we're here on my rides here
I'm gonna ask them if you get stalled
for that 92% okay i stalled the bus I'm
uploading my vlog at 7 percent level
right here hello we're here do teetotal
Marty can't sit right there so he's
making one more round and by the time he
gets back over here the vlog should be
uploaded in 24 seconds 23 seconds oh
it's practicing it's processing that's
good that means I can close my laptop
now for you guys man for you guys we're
going straight to the dentist right now
so that's why I have to put it up now
because if I don't put it up now then
probably not going to go up to hello
later and I might be in hella pain so
it's going up now so I'm good there we
good we good
what's going on guys so yesterday after
I got to the day and I went to the
dentist I didn't vlog after that because
they took my extra wisdom tooth out I
was in a lot of pain but I'm feeling
better today I can talk I can move my
mouth we're at seoul supremacy as always
Omar has to sell some shoes and do a
side swap for some space gems again I
don't plan on buying anything but last
time I said that I look good something
crazy I'm going to play the keymaster
though so we'll see if we walk out we
might walk out with something that never
seen everything worthy
I want a 750 that I can just beat us
alright I'm actually leaving
empty-handed for one now we're gonna go
to the mall go and maybe I'll get some
shoes from the mall no if you alter your
booths came out there's a couple I got
one online actually I got one online but
I got a woman size but it's okay because
I can win we good
all right guys so I'm at Valley Fair
right now and I came into the store that
has like I came to they have a key
master they got a whole bunch of like
supreme and base stuff and I can
possibly get for the apartment that
would be dope so awesome brand-new this
is the table eyes look they got all the
supreme hat
so shout out to fresh society they
hooked me up with a free supreme table
that's going to go in my balcony and
then I also went to that school right
there
loves that because they have like these
huge bean bags and I think I'm going to
get one for my living room I'm also
going to get a couch but I think I want
to get like a little look back that I
can just chill in and and play video
games and relax leave in the living room
so yes I think it's the craziest restock
I've ever seen ads all grunt yeah so I
go oh gee nmds here's Arabelle look at
that this is the 3d printed version to
make is a 3d printed booth with the
freaking oh my god bras are is killing
the game the crazy is we stop I just
want to know like who comes up with this
like the creators and designers of Zara
just take other shoes and knock them off
a hundred percent it's ridiculous
all of a sudden waking up from the net
huh Keith wait
all right guys so I'm back at the crib
right now and I'm going to show you guys
my height beast pickups for today you
know me I don't really buy any babe or
supreme anything really the only things
I bought from vapor the divas nmds and
the adidas babe track jacket other than
that I don't think I've ever bought
anything babe supreme the only thing I
have is the boxer here or my Heidi's
apartment pickups there's their
Instagram if you want to check them out
we got the bathing ape coasters right
here I was going to originally get some
ovo coasters but I probably still will
get those ones as backup these right
here I thought they were just like the
perfect high peace house accessory so I
got four of them I got all four of these
for 80 bucks I've been telling you guys
that I wanted a bear brick and I thought
what a better bear brick to get for the
apartment I'm probably gonna get a few
more but this is my first one this is a
400% I don't know too much about pace
and all this - but I like paper over
supreme and that's just because papers
camo has a lot of camo and I love
caramel here it is a very very very
simple bear brick all black on the body
and then the face is what stands out
you've got that shark face with the
zipper kind of like the zipper hoody one
side is just solid black and then on
this side is camel as we're going to
look to open the apartment I think you
can sit them down to sit like that or
you can stand it up which I think I'm
going to stand it up I think there's a
couple other fabrics hopefully I can try
to collect them all this one is
definitely going to probably be my
favorite for the people wandering
through these things they're super
hollow on the inside they're not heavy
they are very very light and very very
plasticky so this thing probably only
cost them like five to ten bucks to make
but they sold for crazy big go for crazy
amounts last but not least this is
actually what they hooked me up for for
free I was looking at this as I showed
you guys in the store and they gave me
this table this is like a outside
camping table supreme they didn't have
the chair for me but they had the table
because they had an extra one so this
thing comes together and you can take it
apart super easy it's made for camping
but what I'm going to do is I'm
just put this in my little balcony that
I have and I'm going to grab like a
little chair that I can sit down
whenever it's a nice sunny day and I
want to chill outside and maybe edit
some videos or whatever it's called
folder put your drinks in there and yeah
it also K this is what it originally
came and it came in this little bag
right here so that just shows you how
the chair folds and that is going to
wrap it up I am heading back to LA
tomorrow and I really need to get over
there because I just want to finish
setting up my apartment crew kicks
resumes this Friday finally and I've
been slacking on it's super super hard
and we're going to start things off with
my entire Yeezy collection video and
what else is going on on top of that we
are like what ten days away from sneaker
con Florida sneaker con Fort Lauderdale
and super super excited I finally got
the OK to give you guys the announcement
of what we are doing I've been telling
you guys that we're going to be doing
big things at sneaker cons and we're
trying to take it to the next level last
year I came up with the idea of the
hoops classic I wanted to add something
more to sneaker con rather for people
just to walk around and do you know just
have to buy sneakers you know we want to
make Sneasel con fun for everyone for
even for people who can't buy sneakers
we just want to go there and enjoy the
culture so what we're going to be doing
at CinemaCon Fort Lauderdale for the
first time ever is let's throw in a
stage so at sneer con Fort Lauderdale we
will be having the first ever one hour
long dream crew show live at sneaker Con
so that is going to be super freaking
dope we're still planning it out we're
going to be doing like live interviews
interacting with you guys doing some
giveaways playing some games on stage
and maybe even performing like a little
mini skit for you guys so it's New York
on Fort Lauderdale will be the first
time we do that and it's going to be
dope and on top of that we will be
selling super exclusive merge for Fort
Lauderdale so that's going on it's going
to be super dope so make sure you guys
get your tickets you haven't already
think the live show is going to start
around 3 o'clock but before then we will
be doing the meet-up slash selling
merchandise for you guys then we'll be
doing the show for now and after the
show we will continue the meet-up and
selling mark yeah that's it for today as
well I just talked too much I'm tired my
tooth is sore now money
