clearly Sunday here in San Antonio I'm
at the park but I'm going to be going
inside to play basketball would be
hoobin with some fellow youtubers cat
Nancy and all means beautiful again
outside over here like this weather is
warmer than California weather which is
surprising yes I don't know if it's
surprising around but yeah man we're
here right this park trying to find this
chord where what you'll hear about the
end of the park
alright guys so we all here whooping
just played a one on one verse cash I'm
not going to say who won I'm not going
to say who won but it was a good game
good guys I was a good guy good game my
chest was burning after the game blast
you
I feel feel adult I took like I was
quiet for like 10 minutes right there
recovering bogan place in five on five
now so the game is going to be on his
channel if you guys want to go watch it
I'm gonna set up the camera right here
and we're going to play a little quick
five on five and then after that I got
to go dip because I need to go edit Mika
has to be like I need to film a scene
with cash too so we're going to film a
scene and then post it in a few hours so
we're good on time I think so so just
get this five going real quick
you ain't got the time in the day oh my
god I'm gonna say I can see you just
wanna ride away again we both made a
mistake and you know it but you don't
wanna change I just don't
he gets all my shoes up good
alright guys so I just clutched it baby
I just posted sneak ahead to be like
part 6 I spelled presented wrong and the
presented by credit tech part of the
video and I guarantee I haven't even
looked at the comments I already got two
text messages from friends and you spelt
it wrong I don't need a million comments
but it's going to happen people this is
what I hate okay yes I make spelling
errors okay I suck at spelling but the
fact that everyone has to correct you
don't you think the first three or four
people that did it that's fine but don't
you look through your comments first to
see other people corrected me and on top
of that you're making that the only
thing you're commenting of you watch the
whole video you saw the all the work we
put in all the editing what you want to
just point out that thing is not even
comment on the video that shows you that
you're a negative person you're a
negative person
but anyway I'm super super happy I'm
excited the Royal Rumble starts in one
hour is currently five o'clock I wanted
to be there at five o'clock that didn't
happen I haven't even shower so I'm
going to go shower get ready I'm I don't
even know the Alamodome is walking
business but I'm going to the freaking
Royal robo-baby I'm going to see it like
just go hostess I'm so excited I'm so
dude okay all right calm down I'm going
to check in with you guys in a minute
because I got so much things to do let's
go
so I just got to the Alamodome a beer
about to go inside I'm so freaking
excited right now it is so late honestly
I want to grab food with these lines are
really really hectic in the show starts
in 20 minutes
I didn't even get to buy this shirt you
do that by shirt when I come yeah I just
need to find how to get my damn feet
this is arena Q oh my god guys it's
freaking huge oh my god
this is a little bit slower than
WrestleMania when I went in Santa Clara
because that's a new venue this like
older venue but
why that's recipe
that's the entrance over there has to be
right there all the
hey Toby the guardroom alright guys I'm
going to show you guys my seat right now
that's me
ah
Oh
waldra the Royal Rumble was absolutely
lit there was a few disappointments I
really thought Kurt Angle was going to
be in it they keep everybody like having
number 30 be a mystery and then it was
freaking the words possible picked which
is freaking Roman reigns because then
God Randy Orton brought one and my voice
is gone I did not log with this camera
because they kept telling me no camera
so I can only stop chat so most of the
vent they disagree with my reaction well
that was from my snapchat story anyway
about to get out of here get as hot as
hell - nap he was sitting the row behind
me and he had assigned at this lawyers
blue 3-1 lead I don't know why but yeah
I'm gonna get out of here guys just
great the end I got my chair right now
so dream crew family I'm going to get
some food right now it's like 1:00 a.m.
and the only thing that well there's a
few places that are open but the only
thing that sounds quick and good is this
place called wanna burger or something I
don't know it's like one point it's like
0.1 miles away I had a great time here
in San Antonio I felt like it went by so
quick I'm really happy I came out I came
out for it I wished it like I said
earlier I wish there was a few things
different but whatever
obviously WWE has plans for everything
that they made happen so that was dope
San Antonio I definitely would love to
come back here and explore more those
only here for two days I leave tomorrow
morning
sneak your head to be like I know
there's mixed emotion but I feel like
from what I saw because I haven't read
the YouTube comments there's a lot of
positive tweets I didn't look at the
YouTube comments and the YouTube
comments are just negative all the time
the YouTube comments are going to be the
new one isn't as good as the old one I
had typos and
keistered asada something like that I
think it's almost like 250 K views in
like oh like 7m bars be like I mean some
people are not going to like it
I honestly don't think it's the best one
but I definitely do like I like the vibe
of it it's a different vibe than the
other ones the other ones are old me and
like Harrison the og crew this is more
of like showing you how far we've gone
where I'm working with other youtubers
and sneakerheads and say oh my god this
place is coming we got my food I'm
chilling wait thanks well alright got it
I'm gonna go any when it says there's
nobody on this freakin Street like 2
a.m. oh is it for like 40 minutes some
guy comes up to me like sick jacket bro
where'd you get that from like oh there
we W calm he's like how much you want
for it I'm not selling it bro
I'll buy it off your back how much you
want for it I was like I'm not selling
it I don't think I don't want money like
I want to keep it
he's like I don't do online shopping how
much you want for it and I just walked
away
I'm back in LA as you guys can see as
you guys can tell from that stack of
crap protect right there I would say it
feels good but unfortunately I have to
leave to get again tomorrow morning I
wasn't expecting to but I have to then
I'm finally coming back to Los Angeles
and I will be here for a good week and a
half where I can finally get my couches
get everything settled all set up like
I've been telling you guys that I'm
trying to do it like I've been in LA but
I haven't been in LA for like more than
a couple days that hasn't been something
I've been it's I don't know dude I feel
like I really did waste January I mean
on in my personal life I was really
productive I got my apartment I moved in
I'm doing good but for forum YouTube
life my YouTube life I did horrible it's
going to be the worst year worst month
of my year but I promise you guys
February it's going to be late not going
to talk too much here because I just got
to show you guys men that's what it all
comes down to it's showing you guys the
first nigga count of the year is in like
two weeks away in Fort Lauderdale we're
planning for something going on in the
LA area in March we got Cleveland
sneaker con in March we got Phoenix
nigger con in March so there's a lot
going on on that end
sneaker head to be like hit almost
500,000 views in one day so shout out to
everybody who watched it if you haven't
watched it go ahead and watch it I'll
put it in the description box down below
I'm going to start working on part 7
because I want to release part 7 next
month because you guys deserve another
one what else what else what else I'm
going to show you guys the exclusive
merch for sneaker con Fort Lauderdale on
my Instagram soon so stay tuned for that
my sneaker wall is beautiful stay tuned
for that I just did laundry station for
that crew cakes you have crew cakes I
said there was my cell crew cakes today
which is Tuesday but unfortunately by
apologize I'm going to try to start it
up this week for sure but I just don't
know which day I'm coming back let me
tell you guys my vision okay crew cakes
is going to go back to what it was but
it's also going to go to
I'm not going to say levels but it's
going to be a lot of work put into
trying to make it a very very beautiful
product this is my backdrop for crew
kicks once I get back here and start
filming here crew kicks even though it
is not the best sneaker channel on
YouTube right now it will be once I get
the ball rolling and that's it
unless I'm talking now I love using crew
friendly thank you guys for your love
support thank you everyone who supported
in the video I'm out here too much
talking eastream cool outta here peace
again he talked about like welcome to
give us a copy I really speaker though
she talked about how new releases I
redid all the Jordans are sitting in the
D because I let me I started on hash
someone is okay just go for like one
second okay your back those J's are
sitting crazy man glue the D is coming
up stay blue spam to be sliced they want
to stand on cloud nothing so you said it
I heard it here huh exactly can
disrespect never okay yeah this is the
way to go man I went to the chiropractor
just add back call in jail where I
recommended booth that's crazy cause
they totally think the song oh shoot I
see what's up man all of a sudden they
got momentum
oh you said they were dead stock I
trusted you
that's all right you walk to me my back
take this oh my god wonder Jesus Aviva
goodness
oh they told me they were technarch oh
oh hey I trust you man this violence
they needed the sneaky community man
so I just hate pop you the money man
you tell me okay oh yeah yeah okay cool
cool yeah so am and excited man super
excited yeah I can't wait
all right man do it come on okay me but
you can be facing what we know you're
going to be standing like this and then
you'll be also a bit before yes be
important hell yeah man let's go fifty
shoes who cared about attended who kill
others is it a conviction what do you
think
Oh cutie mother
ready on the go Blackie look at the
other hand over
