you
right now
I'm currently at Los Angeles Airport
gotta hop on this flight to San Antonio
I've been talking about this for so long
and I'm super super excited I'm going to
San Antonio for the Royal room
all my life I've dreamt of going to the
rumble and now I'm finally going and
it's not even like in my city I'm
literally flying to go to the Royal
Rumble this is my first trip of 2017 the
first of many I hope this is the first
trip that I've had in 30 freaking almost
30 days so for me that's a long time
because I've been traveling a lot lately
no there's nothing in my mouth if it
sounds like I have something in my mouth
like it sounds like a swollen jaw still
if you watch this vlog you know about it
Cantona
area
alright guys we are officially in
beautiful San Antonio Texas
it is beautiful out right now the
weather is amazing perfect location
which is the river walks like a big
river that goes throughout San Antonio's
downtown there absolutely
the Mulford because you know speakers
are priority
if everything is bigger in Texas
typically stores
it's me outside how about that
champ was in L thank you
all right so I'm leaving the mall now
actually eight here just some shopping
and I actually linked up pretty random I
linked up with the holy cash nasty as
you guys know cash nasty he does gaming
but he also does like vlogs and other
things like that and he invited me to
come hoop with them tomorrow so that's
why I bought the hearted and the funny
the reason why I knew he was here is
because I was at Shoe Palace buying the
eight and the worker was like Nancy he
was acting in here Ilia job to him we
will be linking up tomorrow I think I'm
going to be playing some basketball and
I think we're going to be going and
doing a little one-on-one so that should
be pretty interesting tomorrow so I'm in
the business center hotel kind of
wrecked my ticket I'm going to the NXT
event which starts in 12 minutes but I'm
probably going to be like thirty minutes
late because this computer's going slow
and I need to go put my things away hi
guys I'm inside the arena now
tonight on the habit right now
right because it popped out today for
you guys look at this
Oh
all right guys day one in San Antonio
was lit I actually had a lot of fun even
though I really didn't do that much
I did buy two shoes as you guys saw the
first shoe and I bought is the James
Harden
adidas right here are they called volume
one right I felt my ankle coming out
which is kind of like annoying and I
felt that same way with the was that
shoe crazy like couple years ago but I'm
excited to play in these that eight so
many mixed reviews and opinions on this
shoe right here but let me tell you guys
I think these are dope because the
undefeated eight
so obviously this freakin green with
orange and like the quality on here is
great like I don't know this is this is
kind of like I don't know kind of
materialist but the quality is great
honestly not even trying to sell the
shoe I'm just giving you guys my opinion
I think the shoe is very very dope a lot
of people want to dislike right here the
black midsole but I like it and I love
this black out Jordan eight design so I
got too far Jordan a pickups over the
last month this one in the Kobe eight so
I'm gonna have a very little frustrated
earlier and I punched this I have a very
long night ahead of me tomorrow is the
Royal freakin Rumble and I'm so excited
my jaw it got a little irritated because
of the cold weather outside but I'm
keeping warm now so it should be a
little better in the morning to here am
I talking again my talking sounds a
little weird sounds like I have
something in my mouth but I don't have
anything and that sounded very very bad
a lot of dude we're going to make funny
movies but oh my god I wore this to NXT
and I got so many compliments that Ted
DiBiase like vintage track jacket by WWE
N and chalk something lyrical chalk line
and I love the front of the jacket I
never watched Ted DiBiase wrestle in my
day but I know he's a legend so W Legend
tomorrow for the Royal Rumble you guys
can catch me in the blue one I'm over
the stone cold one but this is the blue
one
this is a Wow Ric Flair one I don't know
what shoes I'm going to be wearing I
kind of wanted to wear these but
unfortunately these do not go with those
at all okay I guess somewhere
tomorrow I'm going to be wearing the
triple black on Kate ultra boost
tomorrow with the red flare jacket I
don't want to tell you guys one of my
seats are I have not mentioned where my
seats are because I want to surprise you
guys tomorrow
and I'm super I'm freaking excited man
oh my god this is the most unpredictable
unpredictable Royal Rumble in forever
before I talk about Royal Roman stuff
because I know a lot of you guys don't
watch wrestling I do want to say Nick
your head to be like will still be up on
the main channel today even though I'm
going to be on super busy day it's going
to be on the main channel I'm going with
the main channel I know that's something
I discuss what channel should these kind
of look gray in here it's going to be
dope it is it shorter than other
sneakerheads be like and the reason for
that is because I'm making a part 7
which is in less than a month so you're
getting two episodes in the first two
months of 2017 because I feel like you
guys deserve it and I've been slacking
so why not give you guys the best so I'm
giving you guys two episodes so
tomorrow's episode is a little shorter
than usual but it's still very very good
over like eight guest star appearances
it's freaking sneak your head to be like
part six baby and I'm going to keep it
short and simple here's five things that
I think are going to happen during the
Royal Rumble one thing that I think is
going to happen
is that hopefully Kurt Angle is in the
Royal Rumble if he is not in the Royal
Rumble and they announce that he's going
to be in the Hall of Fame a couple weeks
ago I think they did that to kind of let
people know that he might be in the
Royal Rumble to get people to watch it
so if they completely don't even put him
in it or if he doesn't make an
appearance a lot of people are going to
be fit so Kurt Angle has to be at the
Royal Rumble or in the Royal Rumble
match Seth Rollins does not have a
scheduled match on and he is not in the
Royal Rumble but she does not show up on
the Royal Rumble I'm going to be very
pissed because he's one of the main
reasons I wanted to come to I first
thought he was going to be one of the
winners of the Royal Rumble but now he's
not even at the damn thing so those two
are two things that I forgot the Royal
Rumble this is just my theory the Miz
Daniel Bryan have been going at a
neck-and-neck Daniel Bryan can't wrestle
because you retired because of doctors
and he's been crated by other doctors
like but ww1 won't clear him so he can't
wrestle and the myth keeps taking shots
at him I feel like Daniel Bryan is going
to be a surprise entry into the rumble
just to eliminate the Miz and like to
the point where Daniel Bryan doesn't
even give a damn about winning it he
just wants to eliminate the myth so
he'll throw his body and they'll both
fall out just something crazy like that
and potentially set up a final match for
Daniel Bryan because I know his contract
is expiring and he can go wrestle
anywhere else but you can't wrestle in
the WWE because the WWE and clear them
so I think in order for w w to want to
keep them they'll be like okay we'll get
your wrestle at WrestleMania and at the
Royal Rumble
so Daniel Bryan is going to be in the
Royal Rumble if that happens I will my
head will explode I really don't want
the Undertaker to win I don't want the
guy that everyone thinks is going to win
the Undertaker because it's the
Undertaker and he's getting to the end
of his career so let's help him win it
one other one that the Royal Rumble I
don't want to see the Undertaker win if
he wins I won't be mad but I would
prefer other people all want the winner
to be someone that shocks the world and
leaves us wondering why he was the
winner so we can find out what storyline
is going to be built up for the
WrestleMania main event another person
people are saying is going to win is
Sami Zayn which I feel like that's kind
of dumb out that you've done enough to
earn it but it does really fit the story
line if you wins it so if there's a lot
of open possibilities comment down below
who you guys think the Royal Rumble
winner is going to be and also for
everybody else who says what wrestling
is fake and all the other negative
comments about wrestling I don't care
I'm out here I got to do so much work I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog I'll go
on guys I'm on you hit that thumbs up
please
that's
