okay first of all this is not a vlog
I've been I wouldn't consider it
slacking besides the fact that everybody
else thinks it's slacking and being lazy
but I'm here to kind of talk about
what's going on with me what's going on
with the future my future and the future
of these channels so what have I been
doing that I haven't been able to daily
vlog well as you guys may know the
biggest change in my life well there's
that I am moving into my new apartment
and I've been so busy every day trying
to balance everything out I still
haven't even bought a frickin couch if
it's there's no couch over there
this is everything is pretty set pretty
much set there's this little things and
then there's big things as well which is
like the big couch
I need carpets and I'm sleeping here now
so now that's not the excuse to why I've
been slacking and not doing daily
uploads told you guys the other day I
was feeling really sick that on top I
came in talked straight if you guys
notice I'm talking a little bit
different my jaw was really sore like I
don't know my whole body was aching
which caused my jaw to get really stiff
I don't know okay I don't know about the
human body and I can't see it got better
but my jaw was a little my jaw was a
little swollen I've been kind of like
sick
I guess I'm called sick I've been sick
the vlogs are gonna get better all I can
ask is for you guys to stick with me I
always tell you guys this whenever
there's changes or whenever I'm
switching things up or whenever I taking
a few days off and I mean it man stick
with me because I promise I'm gonna do
my best not to disappoint you guys and I
think I've done a pretty good job with
that hopefully you guys feel the same
way starting next week I believe I
believe next Tuesday will it be Tuesday
I think will be Tuesday starting next
Tuesday crew kicks will be back and
running I'm not gonna sit here there's
just it's coming back okay I can
here and hype it up over and over for
you guys but I'm just gonna tell you
Tuesday crew kicks will be back and as
you guys can see I'm getting shoes I'm
getting packages I've been unboxing on
here and I'm ready to start unboxing
again on crew kicks I just I needed the
break man I really needed top of that
I've been working on the main channel
video which is sneakerheads be like
which comes out this Sunday so if people
think that youtubers are just freaking
they don't sleep they there's no such
thing as editing they expect everything
to be perfect and it's not like that
especially when it's one person running
three channels I am again I'm not making
an excuse I'm just telling you guys
where I'm coming from the you guys be
like it's coming out Sunday I will be in
San Antonio I'm leaving tomorrow
actually but I get to San Antonio
tomorrow and then Sunday is the Royal
Rumble which I'm very very excited about
is our freaking dope all black vans
right here but as you guys can see these
bad boys are velvet look at that just
hold on it's not focused that is just so
beautiful
you can go my god but I'm so happy I got
these these are sick I think I might
take these with me to Texas shout-out to
the homies over at five pillars Farooq
in the crew love you guys no it's okay
no I do have a full video of the new
five pillars collection coming out
probably next week when I get back from
San Antonio just gonna go along it's
gonna go up on crew kicks so I'll show
you guys all the dope I think it's one
of the dopest collections they have ever
released I'm gonna show you gets all the
pieces they have next week as well as
all the shoes I wear with each of those
items so that's gonna be pretty dope
I'll have that up next week q with a
smiley face why is this looks like it's
GM's handwriting GM did you write this
this is a hoodie and it is a blue hoodie
but it fades in the middle to a very
light pink and you got that v logo right
there
very sexy hangtags these are like
textured which is freaking quality right
there people don't
the finer things in life like good
quality plaintext
I've already been telling you guys about
sneaker con Fort Lauderdale and it's
gonna be freaking let everyone is gonna
be there literally every single person
that you would like everyone's gonna be
there Steiger con Fort Lauderdale is
February 11th so make sure you guys come
out the second sneaker con of the year
is March 11 in Cleveland oh wow and just
announced for the first time ever
sneaker con Phoenix sneaker con is
coming to Phoenix on March 18th side
note if you're from LA it's not a
sneaker con but I might be doing
something on March 3rd so get that day
off it's a Friday maybe it's not a
hundred percent but if you can get that
day off right now I'm telling you guys
Phoenix is March eighteenth London on
May 27th I believe May 27 stick on
London for the first time ever that's
gonna be the first international sneaker
con Evers insane things sneaker con is
coming - tons and tons of cities I'm not
sure if I'm supposed to be saying this
information there's still dates that are
going to be set but they're not a
hundred percent sure so I can't announce
them to you guys but if your city was
not announced on the list of cities were
coming to for sneaker con just stay put
because more cities get announced
whenever they're confirmed so yeah I had
no idea this was coming but this is the
letter it says case enjoy the UAS gear
beyond ambitious shadow and armour they
always look out for me now let's see
what this is I'm excited I didn't know
this was coming we got some sweatpants
right here these are like a heather gray
sweatpants super thick quality is nice
as hell and they got like a knee pad
type of thing right here knee pad type
of vibe I like that oh wow these are
dope this is the same color as the sweat
pants so I can wear it with the sweat
pants and then the upper is like this I
don't know what is this call
materials called of you but camel upper
bra this is comfort on another level
this is definitely going to be rocked on
the plane in a couple hours when I leave
this is dope okay last I think I'm done
talking because like I I can barely talk
but this is the biggest package that I'm
opening up right here we got that gold
break the limited edition gold cut
protect this is like a collabo believe I
won't hurt to have another one so shout
out to Chris
this is the corrupt protect spray for
the new era caps right here you can put
it on your hats and if it rains your hat
will not get damaged or wet and the
water would just drip right off I'm
actually gonna test this out because I
do wear hats often so the og rain and
stain focus focus focus the og this is a
box and what they have in here is the
cure this is the shoe cleaner the
original shoe cleaner not the spray so
we got a few of these right or I got a
ton of these right here pins
we got pins haha this is those keychains
I don't even though they may be the key
chains are say favorite product that
cuff makes is the wipes if you guys know
what the wife says it's the easiest and
quickest way to take a stain off of your
sneaker just a CREP pipe right there
yeah we got our own crap protect display
at the crib so this is this is pretty
dope man probably gonna regret doing
this but it's gonna look cool
don't regret it at all
ton of crap protect cures right here so
anybody all my friends would come over
hook them up with some of this if you
guys didn't watch that entire like even
my Cameron just cut off if you guys did
watch that entire thing I appreciate you
guys you're one of the realest and the
crew I'm out of here thank you guys for
watching
jhunku on the center fan piece instead
of dropping a mic I'm gonna drop my cred
about it
