but up I mean even ambition
I miss it more to look
now this is like that Pixar thing still
it is like hi guys so as you can see we
are moving the final items from my
apartment to the new apartment shout out
to a coffee not meant for helping me man
doing a lot of the works
blue van here so teamwork is key to boys
been without that really cool like hold
man set your team this is the last time
you guys will see this building in the
vlog most likely I can finally tell is
that tower for I lived at tower 40 out
of 60 freaking towers in this community
and y'all still found it there are some
people phone I got a shop yesterday of
someone driving by the losers in the
reserves are like where sky shot alright
guys so we are back at the new crib now
and we're playing call of duty zombies
me a fire cake
they cut Faisal over can come what do
you mean did you tell me if I had more
than yeah well we played a one-on-one
and you did dominate me six two one one
on one but let's just say I need it's
been a couple years I used to play a lot
of Call of Duty like late nights in for
like 5 a.m. playing zombies and I used
to be good man I used to get kill
streaks and everything but let's just
say boy you got to get back in with them
you know
I don't know why I'm cooking spray but
there's only thing in my house so coming
up an iPhone you that I wasn't just that
part over bu and anybody else I would
see drops like five minutes
Ellis has you to you never had me you
never had your gun God God else
what's the score I think I agree do you
want
oh I'm cooking over here Oh what I'm
looking back headed you can hose that I
was loading come on Wow all you not
burning with a whole minute let's go
let's go set it I see you you're sick
let's go
you got Playland we gotta get warmed up
am can just go under calibrate dump it
you gotta you gotta go lay up first you
know remember I remember guys we were
back at The Container Store because I
have all the shoes now in my apartment
there's over 20 to 30 speakers that
don't have boxes so going to buy 30 28
more of these bad boys right now and
again guys I keep telling you guys I get
these boxes from the Container Store
actual store name is called The
Container Store all right The Container
Store where we contain single morons you
like freaking little video games every
time cut to the level in rainbows books
or whatever friends are online of rings
so we are officially to the ceiling I
don't know how I'm going to reach those
ones yet but I'll figure out a way
yesterday yesterday was the first night
back slept at my new apartment and it
was also one of the worst nights of my
life
not because of the apartment but because
I feel like I'm getting sick I feel
super weak I could not sleep last night
I feel much better now and I tried to
edit right now but I couldn't even edit
because I was so I don't know I can't
look at the computer screen for I'm
sorry I didn't post a vlog yesterday I
really love my new apartment look at the
shoe wall look how high it is again I
kind of like it that it's that high but
I'm not 100% sure if I'm going to keep
it like that
Tom it has a homey we get all his fire
from and sent me some dope stuff and
catching some air fresheners and burning
inefficient and MVP chain i jus bought
the shoes oh this all is that so thank
you
ultra be Ltd's with my post me I am not
seeing these in person and now I got a
oh my god good first time using it it's
pretty dope and I believe my house I got
pleasure gram these are called like the
cargo ultra boost or something green I
love this color this is just freakin
beautiful this look at guys like a green
khaki camel it is a 3.0 I believe to be
pulling your upper I love this right
here this back is like this is different
I've never seen anything like this on
ultra boost colors is phenomenal again
who is wife number we have here you IP
look at this look at the time too it has
the full look I'm really happy I got
these I think that kind of tells you
where these came from three stripes baby
300g and of these Wow beautiful
sometimes I like in undies sometimes I
don't but this is the og colorway got in
from retail and really happy they
brought these back because nobody wanted
to pay 700 for the original ones so
shout-out to Jesus for bringing these
back
I know your side you take your side
don't take advice you know you're right
