what's going on guys so today is kind of
like a spontaneous day we decided last
night to just drive to Vegas for the
hell of it so we are in Vegas right now
we got here like pretty late last night
up for a couple hours but now we're out
our first stop of the day is the UN
urban necessity go theta Delta JC check
out the shops you would sneak as we can
walk out with again I don't plan to buy
anything but as we saw last week when I
went to Seoul supremacy crazy things can
happen so that's pretty dumb
trying to get a key master w today so
we'll see how that goes as you haven't
even walked in the store yet and the key
masters are outside now look what they
got inside freaking Kobe won I'm going
for those
actually now that uh my side you don't
see update I am going to those oh my god
I'm going for those two oh my god what
the hell this machine is like heaven on
the phone I need to try out this guy
this is their new machine it's like a
vending machine and you buy t-shirt and
every t-shirt comes like a prize in
sizes 10 money to Lieberthal sure the
homie was good
what's up guys I'll get on we got a
surprise for you guys he did something
very high beast like like I would do I'm
probably gonna do something like that
when I get my next car but he's going to
show us right now I haven't seen it yet
we're gonna go check it out right now
I'm still looking at everything in the
store this used to be all Jordan now 2d
this and that just shows you where the
game is uh what do you think this is the
biggest adidas high pitch ball in the
world yeah hell yeah because one thing
with you guys
which you told me is you guys put out
every size other stores just put one one
and then you have to ask here's
everything's out there so you don't have
to worry about that
give or take maybe like a hundred or two
hundred pairs of shoes that haven't been
processed but I mean like you see all
the other uses that still are not yeah
um I mean yeah we got we got a lot of
shoes man that's crazy pictures aren't
going to do this going on yeah
I wish that I can now use this is it
right here
well you guys probably can't see very
well because you got to see it it's way
nicer in person to be honest we show the
license plate you got to have variety on
this culture but arm like that's not
what the current sneaker enthusiast once
you want tight you want to beat it you
want comfort so there's a few sneakers
that I need kind of get stuff that I can
only get here because I know I can get
the bay Panama DS back in LA shout out
to this guy what's up man
pull me up with peepees shoutout guys
subscribe all of a sudden be from New
Zealand
yeah I do from New Zealand you have a
vlogging channel too right yeah go ahead
and give them your vlogging channel
Christian buck Cantrell cute Christian
and then in my Astley well the
Capitoline also your channel names
question mark yeah that's built man cuz
my name is max I mean oh nice nice
that's what's up I'll check it out if
you guys don't know what these are
do your research I just might
potentially be one of the most expensive
sneaker walls this used to be all Adidas
but now it's all like Jordans and just
expensive stuff obviously easy we got
sat in we got these right here not sure
what these are called exactly but I know
these are high in thing don't blame me
organ Shanghai's could have got these
for like 400 back in the day and now
they go for like 1500 yes 1400 oh what a
Harvard classic I really want to get
these purpose in this world let's get it
poppin and you are beautiful which you
heard that way more often I know you
love their music so we got a lot in
common I wish that I can know you but I
don't know what I'm gonna I wish that I
can no you can't but I don't know with
you guys I'm getting these they do have
the black ones this is the only big shot
sneaker I don't have the black Detroit
players right here they're very simple
but I need it to complete the set
usually when I do this I'm buying some
food so get that shirt Brett come on
here we go
no Commission hook on to the scratcher
you very much weird all week on this
with free play for Melanie longer yeah
okay so I want a free heat Locker play
that's the same kind of dangerous when
it comes to those so let's go play I
want those clothes
Oh
told you you gotta find you because I
stood up opposite right three dominant
yesterday yesterday is the anniversary
of Kobe scoring 81 points ago we had
them in the Kobe won that all it takes
to my seventh win because the years in
Charlotte
well he bought his shirt inside if he
got a scratch off the scratch off gave
him five three plays anyone on it on his
third free place
we'll take a picture for the GRANDMONT
plan yeah
have you ever played before No Oh God I
was thinking about picking up the og
ultra booth but I wanted to do spare
this is reuse there so I don't want to
get these on JD got you know you got his
face Lexus so I just picked this up this
money with
I almost double you comment down below
and the shoe palace here at the bait at
this mall when you got when you up for a
pair of sneakers it comes down this
slide right there
alright guys so that's it from Vegas we
are about to head back to Los Angeles
now I'll check in with you guys in LA
show you guys all my sneaker pick up I
wish that I can know you but I don't
know what I'm talk--i I wish that I
could know you but I don't know if you
tell all right guys so fondly back home
and I am exhausted but before I go I
want to show you guys some of the things
I got from Vegas this is one of the
shirts right here this is the Beluga
t-shirt so as you guys can see it's got
like that stripe just like the EZ Beluga
un 702 I think the 702 is the area color
for Las Vegas I believe I could be wrong
but I think I'm right black and white
one so super simple the red stripe so
this is not the Beluga this is the red
stripe as you guys can see from the
black bordering on the shirt right here
you ain't this is a shoe I bought this
is the adidas Big Sean second
collaboration between Big Sean and the
dita this is a map of Detroit on the box
if you didn't know dead stock obviously
this looks like a super simple black
shoe the main thing with all of Big Sean
sneakers is that you always put a lyric
on the shoe and on this one here oh
nothing is stopping you which is from
the intro I don't know if you guys can
see it was kind of dark but it says it
in Christmas no thing you're stopping
you Kolbe box
fade to black we got the Kobe one I
don't know if i'ma hold on to them just
because I'm trying to not to keep I'm
trying not to keep sneakers that I don't
wear and my last pick up from foot
action the shoe I feel like is going to
be super difficult to rock I really like
them I originally wanted that green
colorway but that thing goes for way too
much and
I want to pay resale all black join the
gum bottom can't go wrong leathers
actually pretty nice that's it man hope
you guys enjoyed this one-day Vegas trip
possibly going to be the last day you I
see this room I know I've been saying
that but tomorrow is going to be I'm
taking everything so
