yeah my first name is kite my last name
is Omar
that is my new TV with HD 4k channel and
I'm very happy Emme literally when I was
on the phone that the lady the best by
delivery installation team whatever they
call it they showed up at 12:09 they're
supposed to be here before 12:00 at
least they showed up at time which was
the same time that my cable provider
showed up to install my internet so
everything got set up at once I'm super
super happy now it's already 2:00 p.m.
on waiting problem is to get here
because he's always freaking late I've
been waiting for about 40 minutes and
these guys left but shout out to them
man shout out to the bench my workers is
one of them sons actually son actually
watches my video so shout out to him and
then they did a great job they were
super friendly and answered all my
questions
so I appreciate them I'm currently
uploading today's vlog and I have a
dilemma
so basically yesterday was the first
time that I uploaded on my main channel
in seven months and because of that the
chat is kind of dead no one's really
paying attention to it so here in
Sevilla might have do I leave the
channel the main channel alone and just
let it do its thing and people can enjoy
the content that's been on there for the
past nine eight nine years or do I just
try to bring it back by uploading
sneakerheads be like on that channel on
January 29th and hope that it does well
like the other ones did or should I just
upload it on here crew TV me personally
I prefer to upload it on the main
channel just because all the other ones
are on there one through five so it's
only right that six goes on there but if
I want more people to see it and for it
to get more views I feel like it has to
go on crew TV that might be more selfish
option because obviously views really
matter on YouTube when it comes to
trying to get the video bigger you know
what I'm saying so it's a tough choice
I'm going to make the final decision
within a couple days before I post the
video but it's not going to affect when
it goes up it's definitely a hundred
percent going to go up On January 29th
don't know if it's going to go on the
main channel or if it's going to go on
crew TV so comment down below let me
know what you guys think and try to
understand where I'm coming from
oh I'm going to learn jacket slowly oh I
thought of the parcel is no how you
doing buddy take my car for a spin
let's just say ghost rondalee look a
little cookie sweetie I know no loyalty
on all dry guys so we just got to Orange
California
my dad's playing right now I thought it
was like big soccer fields but I guess
it's like an indoor vibe outdoor if that
makes sense
almost playing on one field and then my
dad's playing on the 35 and over another
field so we're going to go watch to get
on Omar's comes to the gate with alright
get to the ball oh I thought our glue
our veil is long we look away
Arvin just call my cousin Arvin is
playing and it's really intense is for
for with like five minutes left
Hoffman fell into it look at the footage
is getting he's an on-field reporter
Oh story good time up my dad's
team won
they have another game later on Omar has
the game later on so we're going to go
to that game later but right now we're
going to go to the mall we're going to
the Irvine Spectrum which is like a nice
outdoor mall and we're not going to eat
because we're saving our appetite for
later because we're going to get some
freaking Wingstop tonight I'm excited
about that yes that's you yeah I asked
you stalked me bro and I think those
kids are fat I've driven one before
or the way you guys can't see from the
camera but these are very very very
light light pink I have to pass on the
band's because the colors just a little
too but they're dope guys they got the
VP's now I guess I just did to fire as
Jersey pickups I got the old G Kevin
Durant SuperSonics Jersey which I wanted
for a while now they just released it
recently fun fact I was actually on
Kevin Durant last game old a supersonic
last game in history versus the Golden
State Warriors in Oakland I forgot when
that was but I was there and I witnessed
that game before they change to OKC
I forgot that one and I got a Mighty
Ducks Anaheim Ducks Jersey
I don't follow hockey but I like Mighty
Ducks because of the movie so I said
screw it I got it born in Jersey it
looks so so I'm getting back on my
Jersey grind like I did when I was in
high school alright guys so we just got
to Long Beach now and we're going to hit
up wing stuff so Omar's done playing
scored a goal yes sir they won did you
guys go undefeated yeah all right let's
have unfortunately one goal against this
we could doing some every room moon his
flow is a veto of but a diamond I'm just
taking your content from now and I go
with me
a year ago I told you guys I wanted this
I was tempted I didn't buy it I worked
hard and now I have the privilege to go
by this target is about to close in like
an hour so we just came let's do this
man I'm so excited I cannot wait as you
guys can see the mall is completely dead
only target is open which is wick yes
it's on display finally bought it I
thought this was a display guy I was
going to pick it up but we need some
things first of all what do we need is
we need a like a membership to play
online
oh really like this please please see
some soon at ps4 wait where's that
add-on content now we don't need that
practition Plus this is what we need
right here
what is this load on your game that's
like a gift card that's reviles
it is a 12-month membership for 50 bucks
so get that online yeah do we need a
Mike no we don't need a mic right now
no no no we don't need it we need it I
need the dual charger well what does it
come with to continue no no we have to
fire on okay you have the camera no no
but the thing is remember we're gonna
film with our with our own yeah
Gaming one of her that I forgive you a f
ck + MW that I all their different and
we're going to be the more gaming
channel just wait on it
so we got back to the crib and I'm
showing him the capabilities of this 4k
TV and it's freaking Chris like not the
cable like watching TV is HD but
watching 4k YouTube videos and it's
freakin incredible this is from Zubair
from Texas
speaking of furry Bo Oh Troy from
Jackson Florida Jacksonville Jackson
Jackson's up got an MJ card in a Dell
curry card look at this this is Steph
Curry's dad Dell curry hologram Michael
Jordan card is we can see the stamps on
it this is from Alonzo from Boston
target box so that's a good sign but I
have a feeling it's not from Target
please read on camera and please shout
out my YouTube mister dot kid so shout
out to mr. kid Seth Rollins often
sheetal toy see we knew the risk goes in
here appreciated thank you very much
Quick Start Guide I'll just read that
because we know what we need to do
I will approve of that say and this is
what we've been waiting for 1 terabyte
PlayStation 4 Pro oh my god that looks
sexy that just glistens Anya earlier the
ps4 concept came out there trying to do
the crazy stuff is controlled it and
added stuff at the same time so this
moment you know that blue light is
officially on
