well in just 30 starting out the morning
going to meeting actually have a few
mean or ever meeting with the speaker
con team today they're in town and then
we have a meeting they have a meeting
and I'm tagging along with eBay which is
pretty dope yeah should be interesting
I'm not sure how much I'm going to vlog
during the meetings and and all that but
it is a good day so
let's thank them my cars over here
alright guys so you just have full awful
corner I'm super full this is for each
new car congratulations on the new whip
thank you come - the sooner one yeah I
need to ride together Paul Walker and
Vin Diesel's great how are you 10-second
car fast and furious 15 they're probably
going to make 15 where we came to get
some boba right now we're not going to
go bowling wanted to do some exercise
you know and go bowling you know get
that form right but obviously kites at
us once I Sam I'm not trying he ice
cream I've been on the diet look did I
just tell them you ordered you want to
get like a extra large sundae ring did I
have did I do that right now I took the
pizza right here I don't know I didn't
touch the slice I didn't have a slice of
pizza guys we're sorry
good get them try some as you can hear
it all your real strawberries up in the
joints witnesses oh by the way they go
to the gym yesterday guys so don't think
I'm not on the gym light
there you go today I have not yet i'ma
go my kids go cancel club I don't know
even know how I got it Jim was going to
City Square I was like oh I gave my
phone number and the guys like are you
good I'm having paid for membership in
like five months we doing one video
every single day
yeah all of a sudden youtuber subscribe
to my channel Sam you're the only one
who hasn't started yet Jim yeah be
single family yeah yeah you looking for
a wife or a girlfriend I've been looking
for a wife I went to pack bedside or
we'll talk about this great wine riser
oh yeah I need to go to great Market
America turn these all right guys whoa
we're getting a rental car right now
well I just dropped off home where to
get a rental car announces we're driving
back to LA things are a little little
hectic but instead of mile turn right to
merge on July I have time to go to the
mall because I need to return those
Nikes as well as got some food and it's
not us that's running late as everybody
else like my cousin so they're all going
for a soccer tournament and I just need
to go back home so I'm going with them
and I get to spend some time with them
so school so I showed you guys that Nike
name tag because I actually worked at
Nike I think was around 2013-2014 I
believe but I worked at the Nike
clearance store now the Nike clearance
store is different from a Nike outlet
store there's way less Nike clearance
stores because it's the cheapest you can
get Nike product at a Nike store to my
knowledge and I basically wanted to tell
you guys what it was like working there
and how I got my job there because
before I got my job there ever since
I've been a sneaker head I've always
wanted to work at either like a Foot
Locker and Nike a champ sports any
sneaker shop it was always like it felt
like it was the holy grail of jobs when
it came to anything sneaker related it
was working at a sneaker store I had
interviews with different companies I
even interviewed with Nike twice at
other locations and I didn't get those
jobs I had interview with footlocker
twice I never got those jobs I never
like understood why I couldn't get a job
there I had past experience as well in
retail yeah so I don't understand why I
didn't get those jobs because I feel
like I did good in interviews but what
happened at the Nike clearance job was I
was a one-on-one interview I think what
threw off the other two interviews that
I did with 90s they were group
interviews group in
views suck if you are going to apply a
Nike and they suggest a group interview
maybe ask if you can do a one-on-one so
they can personally you know talk to you
and really get that connection I just
kept it real with them like I told them
I like I have a passion for sneakers but
I'm not here because of that I'm here to
help the team grow I'm here to help
increase sales and give product
knowledge and customer service not about
always let them know that you're not
there to get that discount which is
pretty nice I might say but we're not
going to talk about the discount you
don't want to show that you're there
because you just like night you want to
be there because you can help make the
team that works there stronger after I
got the job which was like a week later
it was dope man I don't have any
complaints there was even times when I
did overnight shifts to do remodeling
with the store and they started to trust
me within a couple months they actually
told me that you know you have potential
to move up to different positions I was
there for about eight months and the
reason why I stopped working there was
because I actually moved to LA I quit
the job and I moved to LA this was the
second time I moved to LA it was oh man
so I had no regrets they're like you
treated me great that was my Nike store
experience I didn't get fired or
anything like that I didn't steal I
didn't abuse my discount if I was like
not doing YouTube and I wasn't going to
school I think I would have tried to
work at adidas over Nike in this day
like currently but you know times has
change you know
Nike was
was doing its thing back then but
restriped kind of took over for me it
has been so raining the past few days
but it's finally gone I guess hopefully
it doesn't rain on the drive to LA
because Safety's first I mean that this
guy but yeah keep it here though keep
keep in here alright guys so we got the
rental this is our vehicle I drove so
much in that tour car man
a six-hour drive is nothing man this is
a mission guide so much is going wrong
right now you can see his dark and his
raining my dad was pissed off that we
weren't on time and he left without us
he literally took his own car and you
dip we picked up this freaking
hitchhiker on the road right here who's
me was your name sir what's up guys
mom's is y'all I'm chillin he saw
bathroom because of the rain so we
picked them up
I just got about I don't know like the
fifty feet away from where we last were
thirty minutes has passed we still
haven't left we still lost one which is
my dad and they're getting junk food
those is good food so that's what it
looks like when you get away from your
wife and kids for the first time the
homeless guys at us we're about to
finally hit the road any second now
we're just waiting for them you could be
rolling with us she's running away what
she's all dealt with stop
being apart the
that face is peeing on the bus all right
so my cousin's car we're going to put
all of these things right here so that
they get stuck when he's driving don't
make it noticeable how does it drive fan
all right so I'm back home in LA this is
probably one of the last days that you
guys are going to see this room which is
getting emptier and emptier super tired
like very very late I spent the last
like two hours in my apartment doing
some organizing and cleaning not here
I'm talking about a new place yeah it's
going to be a good weekend my family is
in town they are staying in Orange
County there's a huge soccer tournament
that I'm going to be going to because my
cousins are going to be playing and my
dad's actually going to be playing as
well I get to watch my dad play soccer
so it's going to be super super dope so
it should be some fun vlogs ahead I'll
tell you what you guys tomorrow I do
have a lot to say but I just can't think
of anything right now don't forget I did
upload the trailer to sneakerheads be
like part six here's a quick preview oh
yeah got this easy for retail also
excited broadcasters on Instagram will
get so many life nobody has wait a
minute
see the fake guy's got thanks again oh
ties got fake easy got daylight Thank
You wouldn't it if you guys want to
watch the full thing make sure you guys
go to the main channel it is in the
description box down below the full
video will be coming out on January 29th
which is next Sunday
not tomorrow next Sunday and I'm out of
here man I'm dying peace maybe you saw
my reflection in my boxers but
you got that
