let's it's like if it's a cooking video
but I didn't have enough time I'm gonna
say music birthday cause it's two men
this some guy emailed me and is like yo
I met you think you're on please like I
want to give you these and I was like
all right I don't even know the color
this person oh my god all carries hi
Chinese New Year's arriving on january
28th 2017 this is the 44,000 414 Chinese
New Year the speakers we like serious
very funny and brings me to my suit
brings me to subscribe to your channel
your daily be long may your New Year's
be filled with special moment peace and
happiness and wishing you all jazz a
penny where succeed Instagram kisses
ex-college this is not part of the shoe
is it really how you know there was some
money in that no way well how much is is
that Kim Jong you in Chinese culture red
envelope on bio our gift presented at
social and family gathering such as
weddings and holidays of Chinese New
Year the red color of the envelope
symbolizes good luck and is a symbol of
warm off evil spirits and Chinese New
Year's we got a hundred goons right here
you ready
retail shopping he's very mean look at
the info if the flowers are so dope like
how he added all this extra stuff and
put like what it means so he said this
this right here is of CNY
currency go for Chinese Union SC and why
so the currency symbol is the Y with the
two lines from Chinese New Year ultra
boost is also the money ultra booth
these are the money ultra boost aka
Chinese New Year aka the Roosters and so
clean that tongue right there Chinese
New Year on the tongue these laces these
laces right here kind of remind me of
the original gumbo laces but I don't
have them on that the print that's on
the inside of the Kobe 9 reminds me of
that to print on the body is about like
a crazy red vibe to it
these are 3.0 you see how thin they are
we have been shout out to the homies of
these man malinka Instagram down below
hope to see you soon is a group at a
sneaker con we got a young guy here who
didn't try so hard about this path like
he's not scared
oh he's watching the conjuring he'll
have you a blob it is very dark outside
as you guys see but we're about to hit
us you know the drill man every time I'm
in the baby we got to go to school
supremacy see what they got going play
the keymaster hopefully win I honestly
don't plan on walking out with anything
but if I do I'm not complaining next up
at DMC back I will you 1 inches at
the entrance I guess I'm uh yeah we good
is that what you want to look fun yeah I
don't know I'm like one day I want
something nice feeling up good job today
alright guys so we came into Seoul when
I was walk-in and I literally said I
don't plan to leave with anything but I
just bought the most expensive sneaker
I've ever purchased right here this is a
once in a lifetime opportunity they said
this was like one of like only like 50
as you guys can see right here this is a
special Kobe Jordan collab whatever you
want to call it it's only one of the
shoes but it's the one that I wanted
which is the Jordan 8 Kobe Bryant this
right here is I can't believe I just
bought these man that's ridiculous but
the chances of me ever buying this again
was very very rare so I had to pick it
up so shots of folk supremacy I love I
turned the chance yes well thank you for
that makes progress
alright guys so we are getting some
sushi right now drop me some California
rolls right here obviously it's not the
healthiest option but it's also not the
worst option I'm not going to go to the
gym today but I'm going to try to go
tomorrow way I mean how a membership
here I have to just go run on the
streets but I'm with swag who obviously
you guys go on the broad the California
you know you gotta stay rollin today
your first time I think you know
first-timers with you and always the
freshmen tighten up what ah
it's actually really dope like setup for
videos this right here this as you guys
know I've made this crazy purchase today
and I don't regret it at all I'm really
happy I actually got this this is like a
preview of some of the stuff I want to
try to purchase this here I want to
purchase less regular stuff and more
stuff towards like super rare and just
change my whole collection not my whole
collection I'm probably going to put
like expensive sneaker pick up or
whatever I put in the title but I'm
going to keep the price of a lot I paid
for this to myself but feel free to
comment below how much you think I paid
we can look at the box it says Bryant on
one side the other side it says Jordan
on the back of the boxes got two Jumpman
logo and you've got the Kobe logo and
again this is the first time they've
ever released anything together well
just never released actually so this was
friends and family one of the homies at
soul supremacy said this is a bear
estimated to have only 50 pairs of these
that were given out to friends and
family I know trying to Scott has run I
know Jerry Ferrara has one perfect pair
has one that's the only people I know
who own it this is the top of the box as
you guys can see it's kind of like a
basketball court a mat basketball court
and you guys a twenty four two two three
jump man logo just go ahead and open it
up three which is supposed to be the
Jordan three and eight which is the joy
and eight and the reason why there's no
three in the box is because the guy that
originally sold this set to soul
supremacy said he wanted to keep three
so he has a three and now I owned eight
but I'm really happy that the guy didn't
keep the box because the box is
definitely one of the reasons why
has the jump man and then it says Air
Jordan 8 on there here they are the Air
Jordan a Kobe Bryant Pease I don't think
these will ever release to the general
public now that I actually bought them I
will say something very greedy n't say I
hope they never released because the
amount I paid I will definitely be
prepped out but this is a PE at the
moment friends and family very very
limited this is the most expensive and
the rarest snicker I have in my
collection at the moment really really
happy to have these in the reason why I
decided to pull the trigger on these
because if you know me I'm a huge Kobe
Bryant fan and the fact that they
release a Kobe Bryant PE release these
the fact that they made Kobe Bryant PE s
for him when he was a free agent in the
sneaker game and he wore a few of them
this is one of the ones that stood out
to me is the eight I don't remember if
you played in the 3s I could be wrong I
know Kobe did play in the 3s during that
all-star game against MJ when MJ was on
the Wizards but you were the true blue
threes and that's another reason why I
really like the true blue pieces because
it's called the word on court yeah these
are just freaking phenomenal like the
quality on the back of the shoe is
really really sexy all the way through
the upper the leather here could have
been a little better but the leather
right here is really nice the leather
right here is super super plush on the
bottom of the shoe and you got that
purple jump man you got that jeweled 1/8
design in the Laker colorway Jordan 8 is
definitely known for this part of the
shoe you've got the perfect strap very
dope I wish they added a Kobe logo in
here but there is not a inside tag
doesn't even say to the same promo
sample it does not say promo sample it
says the production date was 114 2016 to
116 2016 which means they only spent two
days producing news which means that
they didn't make a lot of them obviously
but that is the inside tag right there
the next question is am I going to wear
these and I'm going to leave that up to
you guys so basically if you guys can
get this vlog let's say 30,000 if this
vlog can get no will do 24,000 because
it could be 24,000 no 24 to find 24,000
thumbs up if this is walking at 24,000
thumbs up I will wear these it's up to
you guys get 24,000 thumbs up and I will
dig undies DS which I the only person
I've ever seen actually wear these is
Kenny perfect pair obviously we wear our
sneakers MN this is just freaking
beautiful if you guys think this was a
fire sneaker pick up comment down below
with the W let's see how many W as we
can get
