all right guys so I'm starting the vlog
or this video right now it's not really
a vlog I'm starting this video right now
what time is it it's pretty late right
now I got my crap boxes by the way got
him back there's their stack behind each
other so there's actually a lot more
than it looks like but anyway we went to
the Warriors vs. Clippers game today and
that was fun
fun fact Warriors are undefeated when we
go to the games and there's three games
that we went to and they've won all
three games so you know saying we that
good luck charm anyway so this video is
just gonna be based around a mystery box
I made Mina her own mystery box
Mina you have to come get it actually
because it's kind of heavy for me
not heavy for me but I have the camera
but I made Mina her own mystery box you
know these mystery box things are like
you know it's a new wave it's not the
new wave but basically like all these
other sneaky youtubers like Blake win
and who else easy busted like these
companies send them a box of just
mystery stuff so it's all like hide
piece it's like a hype beast mystery box
and it's like people have been just
getting a lot of views you know saying I
get the views I made you a mystery box
but I didn't have like a big brown box
so I put it in this recycled yeah it's
in this one this is a footlocker
timberland box that they sent me that
has nothing to do with the mystery box
guys don't really like the box
yeah the box is a shelter for lucky
girls get you a guy that can get you a
mystery box well Heidi stuff well
actually the crap crates come with two
boxes per box
huh those shoes yeah well you don't like
you know I like target though yeah we
just know he came from Target okay so
this is a print okay it's not a real
mystery box
but there is one there's one thing in
there and it's something crazy you
probably don't even know what it is like
to you this is just gonna be like
something normal but in reality it's
very very expensive but I got it for a
good price
so yes it's for you because I know that
has nothing to do with it that was a
browser prank okay it's something very
very tight
it's a hypebeast essential I don't think
you've seen it I don't think you know
what it is that's the thing just open it
all you do with this
I dunno what this is that's a peach box
logo hoodie how do you know it are you
serious
did you know what it was called no I
didn't know what it was cause but
remember I told you I wanted this and
then you're like that's you said that
was like the thing most like popular
color combination and that this one sold
out first well no this last year I think
they only dropped two or three box logo
hoodies one of them was olive color one
of them was a peach and this is like
it's a basically a pink on pink thank
you boy
cuz it's sick if I can who have it if I
can't have it I was like alright I'll
get it it's it's it's not a small to
medium which you obviously it's gonna
shrink a little bit like a shoe medium
it's just small if I can't have it I was
like I'll get it for you so you can have
it and then like when you're with me I
can be that you could put a people could
be like always going of course they're
gonna know what that is yeah they know
what that is that's a peach boy if I
were this would you be like oh dang how
did you of that yeah this is one of
those items where people know people
gonna be like damn she got the peach box
they'll go on hello it is it says Made
in China made in China
no it's Canada they're all made in
Canada they're all I got it for a good
price though shout-out to round 2 I got
that from round 2 I saw it so I was at
round 2 and I just saw and I was like oh
I want to see it I was like what size is
it what size is it and then it wasn't my
size and I was like damn well so yeah
this was a short little video we're just
gonna be chilling at the crib I don't
know maybe I'll vlog a little bit more
but low-key I'm tired so I might pass
out cuz your boy I've been waking up
early yeah that was the video right
there fiancee mystery box I could see it
now 1 million views
1 million views it's gonna go viral but
I did guys I did get my CREP boxes back
you know shout out to protect they
borrowed them but they brought them back
so I got to reorganize the whole sneaker
wall I'm not gonna be doing a video on
that but tomorrow you know we go into
Disneyland that should be pretty lit
yeah oh remind me we have to take those
tomorrow we gotta take we're gonna take
my old the old white the old white cases
we're gonna take those to Muniz house
and she's gonna use those for her
sneaker collection we can do it next
year next year now go watch that video
and the next year we'll do it an updated
one because by then we'll probably be in
our house by the end hopefully we'll be
in our new house by the end of 2018 and
we'll do a house tour with all of our
sneaker collection okay that's it I'm
turning off the camera
