sobbing today's vlog at 7:00 p.m.
our flight at 9 p.m. I'm running super
super late but I could not wait to get
back to LA to open this up now it's
already half open because I kind of
peeked in there but I don't I just
looked at it but Jordan Brand sent me
this so thank you Jordan Brand ahead of
time because I already know I'm going to
like them but let's just take a quick
thumbnail cut off the paper ready let's
see what's on the inside remind me to
take all those boxes out when I get back
to LA they spelled my name right as you
guys can see this kind of looks like a
2001 I want to say Jordan boxes just
really really dope all right let's open
this up y'all ready to get close to it
oh my god wow these are way nicer in
person we haven't seen a 13 come out in
a quick quick minute little-known fact
about the air jordan 13 and myself the
Jordan 13 is actually the second Jordan
my dad ever bought me so I'm really
happy that they're coming out with these
and I think these really Saturday I said
that really weird I think he's released
Saturday I'm literally going to throw
these on feet right now y'all got to
take a look at this all black like pitch
black like this is phenomenal this is
beautiful
I should call my uber in like five
minutes so five minutes I got to
appreciate these sneakers these things
right here there are powerful moments
represented by powerful design so I'm
gonna throw these on right now and I got
a call Mike uber ASAP because I'm
running late
okay
so check this out I was running super
late already
I call my uber this freaking uber goal
is completely on the other side of the
freaking neighborhood I don't know where
they were but they may be 15 minutes
late and I couldn't take it so I just
cancelled it and I was stressing out I'm
like I'm gonna miss my flight I miss my
flight I have to park at LAX and get
charged forty dollars a day for the next
few days and then I talk to myself what
are friends for so I hit up one of my
friends shout-out to my king - hi we
later enough continue I'll be back
Friday all right
ah
oh here's the minute Bank Wells Fargo
okay okay over dr. get the jam
yeah either coming up with you qualities
night I got a bowl I didn't know my
iPhone could do this last weekend in Las
Vegas what is the thing called si si es
si es is a big electronic convention in
Las Vegas
Omar went and he got these these VR
thingies for free and this is no
electronics in here there's nothing
electronic in here so literally you're
supposed to just take whatever phone you
have place it in here and then use it as
a VR and then you just adjust your like
the strap and you just your I whatever
in there and basically I was like oh
well we can use that because we have ice
phone then I realize that there's a
setting on YouTube you shot your phone
is if there's a setting on YouTube to
where you can watch any video and it's
called cardboard so basically I did this
one so this is a Steph Curry one and add
my Claire oh no and then you just click
it's a 360 video so you can move it
around like that and it move but if you
click that cardboard two of them pop up
and then you put this in the glasses
hold on you just put this right here
then you close and you put them on for
me it becomes a full-on 360 VR and I
never understand understood why people
recorded or uploaded VRS to YouTube but
now it all makes sense so you don't need
to buy like a hella expensive VR system
you can go buy this I don't know
I'm sure that website or company is
right here maybe you can get these
online but this is crazy and this makes
me want to film a 360 video because I
can literally look all over ice is so
scary right now oh my god did you do the
conger not it's hella scary
oh he's watching the conjuring in 360 I
just didn't was you going I can do it I
can do I'm sorry we'll party yours I was
a house the rather get killed right now
alright let's talk about these one more
time
Jordan 13 and this whole black cat
collection that they are releasing now
which includes an Air Jordan one in air
jordan xiii and an air jordan 31 i'm not
sure what the other two colorways look
like of the other two models but
obviously this is the jordan 13 retro so
if you didn't know with this model that
they brought back they did bring a lot
of old G materials that the original hat
I think this mesh upper right here is
just like the og version it is a 3 M
right here just which looks crazy in
pictures you've got this suede toe all
the way to the back of the shoe if you
guys know the Jordan 13 the bottom of
the shoe is to represent the paw of the
Panther the hologram which the Jordan 13
is super super notorious for is what
represents the eyes of the Panther as
well so there's a lot of lot of Panther
you know representations with this shoe
people go crazy when you take this
little plastic thing off well hopefully
I don't hurt any Souls because enjoying
that two three it talks to you hi guys
so that is different today's vlog I know
to be sure I started my day really late
while I started vlogging really laid
back home I get to sleep in this new
futon so hopefully this is comfortable
all my claims it's comfortable so see if
it's comfortable but this is my bed
right here hit that thumbs up tomorrow
I have a crazy unboxing so make sure you
guys watch tomorrow's vlog again sneak
peek on Fort Lauderdale February 11th
Nick York on Cleveland March 11 see you
guys soon
