are you asked at the store I'm going to
be there for a while I'm going to come
stop by
guarding the day out here in Burbank
California gotta hit up my Park real
quick but let me show you some of the
things I did yesterday okay three two
one it is another beautiful day in Los
Angeles friendly by UCLA in Westwood
because I woke up this morning craving
gas at gooshie if you know you know
every time I come to this area
makes me miss living in this out of town
if you guys are no I actually live
really close to Santa Monica a few years
ago I realized I wasn't doing anything
in my life so I moved back to the Bay
and then I saved up for a year and then
I moved to LA again which was this
current time and everything's been going
great so got to work hard many can just
sit at home and be lazy alright guys so
we are at what is personal Sammy's came
to buy a green screen because you need a
green screen for some future project one
of them being seeker has to be like
we're supposed to film some things for
sneakers be like again but then we just
realized we need like different stuff so
made seem so we can't just film it and
we also have a cameraman so yeah be
something the PAS you ball yeah that's
run what are you gonna cope eiv
automated Oh perhaps I should say we
good okay so alright guys so we're about
to film the first scene together for
sneakers be like with the green screen I
got this all read fit on look like a
target worker what shoes should I wear
red Octobers right let's just say
basketball shoes I heard about that is
all the sudden needed
listen we are one okay yeah obvious
camera you know you gotta tell me about
that game guys tonight
finally caucus hello nervous volume
which is NBC at people shoot it Oh
I'm guys number pinky right now you said
he wanted to grab some lunch
absolutely bought me to Porto who sells
our portal for Dodos throw one right
spot in a in the US on Yelp that's crazy
and that's why it's so crowded right now
like literally look at this lock
packed in here and it is a Monday I mean
it's MLK Day so a lot of people are
often it's always like this
so that's crazy well unless I'm Vijay
from Florida I know he just died of the
super beer that's my brother Victor Cruz
any stock higher we did so many food
yeah awesome
do you have no alternative perfect
oh no Olivia listen vote you have no
idea funny this was because I was just
like a were matching and then we did did
and he's warm together with us accident
I got a people my dude came in here
quitted what up with the 750 Brown join
chocolate chocolate all the sudden all
of a sudden sound noses basis I kind of
want to get this stormtrooper bear brick
right here I've been looking around at a
lot of them but this one I feel like is
the easiest to have in the apartment
based on the color because he's black
and white so and the storms report like
you can't go wrong with that I guess I
just got scammed by Mac part I came to
pick up my easy
what is this the new year is a new year
the new years ago all this stuff all
this stuff then I don't think so
weak
hey go oh my god
we just got done filming some themes for
sneakerheads we like again two days in a
row I just my easy in the water as you
gets on that quick clip I just included
but I'm not going to show you the whole
thing because of a savior for the video
so we're going to go grab some food
because I haven't ate all day right now
by the warrior so we're going to go
watch the second half of the game
finally the food is here I got chicken
and mashed potatoes with asparagus my
cakes got a package cheeseburger what
the hell is that
lawyers are dominating Cavs has
dominated warriors on Christmas Day so
it's 1:1 hopefully they meet in the
finals again so we can see who's the
real best team out of the two I know a
lot of people with their bandwagon
comments but I'm born and raised in the
Bay so I'm always going to be a fan of
the Warriors in my heart I will always
take Colby over everything nothing will
compare to watching mama play no team no
player will ever compare to watching
Mambo place after Mambo my second
favorite player Paul George I really
like Kyrie I really loved the wain way
Dwyane Wade is so underrated still even
though he has frickin three
championships he's still underrated
yeah
I couldn't control myself we went into
Nike and they had the 12 the 12 lows and
great and I had to cop oh yeah let's go
to Kramer I had to cop them I'll show
them to you guys and we get to the
apartment you like low top trolls are
actually more wearable especially for
the summertime out here in LA y'all you
got to clear out the cellar you feel me
you heard your guys I've been trying to
get these freakin trough front boxes it
keeps selling out they finally restock
today this morning I checked and they
restocked like 30 of them so I'm gonna
try to buy as many as possible so we did
a little bit of a clearing out for The
Container Store yes we bought all yeah
we bought all of them well doesn't know
we left like for you guys to use them
they're here at The Container Store at
that grove we just called it over exhale
because who we can't fit all this stuff
in my car so we got to take over Excel
to the new apartment thanks for the help
for ten times ten times ten times came
in five four three two one
alright guys so that was the best
transition in youtube history as you
guys can see look at my hair we just put
in a lot of work in the gym two days of
revenge season it's finally official but
now you want to go put some Bach we've
either with all these boxes on to the
wall the drop front boxes let me just
show you guys in case you guys don't
know because a lot of people still ask
even though I've made a video about
these they're available at the Container
Store or I believe amazon.com super
simple you can stack them up put your
shoes open close there is breathability
in here because the bottom has little
holes in there so your shoes won't get
messed up you just got to make sure you
keep your shoes in that's nice condition
room so that your sneakers don't get
messed up regardless yeah the size make
sure you guys get the 11 one 1616
English boxes those are the men's ones
but there are smaller ones for women's
shoes but see I get the men's one it the
thing about these is they look flawless
like you're also worried about them
being uneven or anything you stack them
up and they go with each other perfect
piece or click on Dropbox
this is very exciting this in the
bathroom
comment down below I love it but I think
it was compliment about the welcome to
the color see that said is going to 10
or more CFO or she hired us go ahead
so you five or we do or we make them
make one more left
wait so we take one two three four five
six six foot under the rule eleven yeah
but only this big 38 now we have to let
it go yeah it works they did let's take
three more boxes will be four more boxes
eleven times seven seven seven plus 30
and 105 no 37 cook them down it's closed
one area one cut in only new mapping to
come to see here is some good money
yeah it still is really good right now
oh yeah Brett are you guys fill the
sneaker wall pretty good in the process
look how complete it looks let me show
you guys jack these ones a little higher
we got the beige on sample heels
although easy to easy one supreme gotten
homes at the bottom and then these are
just a mixture of everything is
unorganized it will be organized very
very soon yeah this looks how beautiful
and flawless this look these all these
Easy's are honestly going to go into
that UV box that I have when I bring it
over let me show you these I picked up
today very simple color is not too much
going in
reminds me a little yo box for sure lota
i'ma take these for the summertime
actually might work so now my two thing
is to be honest to you physical food to
eat the easy box no room what do you
mean
yeah I have to go in my bedroom
yeah coffee yeah Oh we'll figure it out
hi cuz
