guys we're going to start to vlog off
with this because somebody just tweeted
me this and it is freaking amazing check
this hour somebody made a song called
all of a sudden and they tweeted it to
me they said is this the new Kai summer
anthem all of a sudden fan Oh
hi guys the cobbler looking beautiful
mean it's finally here we've all been
sure definitely were roasting you and
you know when you were to give up with
the high five
we're at Bed Bath and Beyond right now
head back and behind us and my dad used
to call it we've got to get some things
for the apartment I won't like it
recently there's been a lot of people
finding sneakers at Marshall's like
fragment ones and Yeezys plain me yeah
apparently they found you these I think
they just took tags off four different
shoes and put them on four pictures
trying to go viral we're going to go to
Marshalls i'ma check the shoes but we're
mainly here just to find thanks to the
House bill hosting man if you kind of
heat they got old damn always be some
fire litigation is wrong so you I'm not
taking shots at all but they got a lot
of LeBrons in here you know and I'm
saying they got a lot of the wrong ones
of a bronze easy to fake package to take
it easy off put it right here found use
these at Marshall that's all you got to
do that's all you got to do to go viral
and have the sneaker blogs talking you
have decent stuff those I'm not mad
shoes for like 60 bucks like Nike outlet
prices pretty much the homie Tony D too
wild he made a whole video a Mythbusters
video about this whole sneaker shop in
that Marshall situation so go check out
his channel and try and fire me no no no
she went this doors big like I said
they're all good sneakers here I think
the fragment one was real because I know
that they brought it actual two
different consignment shops I know there
was one at round two I think the easy
one was fake I think a lot of the ones
you see now are fake it's just people
trying to go viral again I don't know
how it works I really don't but it's
crazy how it happened what do you think
about situation people Kris waiting like
you do
back at the new apartment right now
everything is slowly coming together we
are probably about 60% complete as far
as buying stuff for the apartment
sneakers are all set up yesterday and
have these organized with this whole
wall is going to be changing within the
next few weeks so that's just a little
preview of what it's going to look like
this is how I'm spending my Friday night
like she's supposed to go to Vegas today
we had fun to go to Vegas but we missed
our flight in the morning and then we
were just like let's just stay in LA no
a lot of people are mad at me for the
title of yesterday's video a lot of
people are mad like the vlog as of right
now has 2,000 thumbs down which is
really really bad I just want to say I'm
sorry to anybody that I misled but I
wanted to kind of get you guys to watch
it because if I were to put skit or
parody or fake or whatever it was if I
were to put that you guys would have
watched it and the whole point of that
was for me to show you guys that you can
make light of a negative situation you
can you have to stay positive and it's
not the end of the world and I hope a
lot of you guys did understand that so I
did get a lot of tweets of people saying
don't worry about what the negative
comments are saying and things like that
but then I do understand that a lot of
people really take clickbait to heart
like they take it very personal I'm
sorry for anybody I misled it was just
the perfect situation for me to grab
your guys's attention and let you know
that no matter how down you are over
something there's always a way to find a
part of
it is a beautiful beautiful day here in
Los Angeles we're going to have a good
day today man we're going to have a very
very great great day today I did not
post the vlog yesterday and the reason
for that was because like I was just so
driving I was driving home from what you
saw at the beginning of this vlog I was
driving home you know I'm saying I can't
keep posting these mediocre vlogs like I
have to go back to what I was doing last
year you don't I'm saying I have to give
you guys the best content I got to keep
moving on up I just feel like I'm going
like this right now I got to keep
pushing the limits so starting today's
vlog hopefully you guys will enjoy this
content and you will enjoy this the old
me with a new twist that's what I'm
going to say the old me with a new twist
when it comes to the vlogs I'm trying to
hit that million subscriber mark and the
only way I'm going to do that is to keep
drawing it and giving you guys the best
content possible so let's have a great
day man let's keep grinding and I'm
about to go link up with someone right
now
we are at the Grove getting some
breakfast with the kids
what's up what's up fast in a minute all
of a sudden back at it again still
getting all that hate on YouTube are
they hot up no more no more call up
question like every time I go to a
secret comment like meet all you guys
it's just like it seems that respect
between us you know like it's super dope
to meet you guys in public exactly and
you're going to be at Fort Lauderdale
right I got this ticket yesterday coffee
there or Lauderdale we'll both be there
sneak peak on February 11th the first
nigga conned of the year and next week I
have a meeting with the sneaker con team
and we're going to plan something crazy
for sneaker Connolly that rookie games
have been like happening I'm about it
like the whole lotta yeah didn't nobody
even knows about that okay so we're
gonna make a quick stop at around
through real quick
I'm trying to see if they have a babe
carpet for the apartment going to be I'm
still not going to tell you guys where
we're going but you probably know
already because of the title unless I
title or something else so that fragment
right there is actually a
friends-and-family fragment you guys see
the little Thunderbolt logo is blocked
out unlike the other pairs that came out
and that one is actually a size 7 which
is Mena size 5 7 and men's which was
Mina sized so I just censor picture at
see if she likes because if she copped
those that finally found the freakin
nine and a half man I've been looking
for these for so long we're gonna click
give us and all of a sudden fan
the man queue right here we're telling
you from Vegas Vegas re-enactor made
around to house I suppose means biggest
yesterday but I miss my flight so yeah I
need me on the urban necessity him and
there's other days after an injured
chicken I think a lot of people were mad
that we just walked into the hole I bug
the crap out of us but let's just say we
both picked up some sneakers want to see
what he picked up go to his channel yes
sir and watch his vlog but I got the
velvet I'm super excited to have them
even saying he wanted those for like a
while yeah but I've been looking like
that nine and a half was so hard to find
we're about to head to downtown LA
module just telling guys we are going to
the Clippers first the Lakers game
hopefully it's on a blog yeah I think
like is it going away your cooker sense
yeah I'm a Clippers fan I've liked the
Lakers long time I should be a lot of
Lakers gears and just click respond game
technically just got inside the arena
just Saturday the game starts at 12:35
yeah different pods
down at the club mm applause we got
courtside seat these are right here
that's the wood this is the game to the
fish I've never had I've never done at
everything is crazy
the Lakers what outfit of the day
so I'm tonight groupers brothers are
gonna come on that boy swaggy number 66
so they showed the LA chargers new logo
on the screen and everyone food and then
they showed one of the players that
everybody felt bad for booing because he
was sitting there hello awkwardly I
always have a plunger
where is in president manly loud then
everybody comes to the halftime until I
call the court sided obviously president
I'm good really good really I did I
opposed to going ice cream machine I
voted right now
it's over here Lakers are getting
demolished now so everybody picks off
three chickens
everybody got free chicken and why they
got to do my boy raw dirty like that
they met a real key thing it's coming
with two minutes up vocalist Bridgeway
experience brings over the answers so
far just to Langley not too far now
a good thing about the game being so
early is that don't be too pull outside
so we still have a whole day to enjoy Oh
guys I'm sorry I probably creeper game
there sorry but don't go any more shoes
okay I'll try definitely I'm getting
right now all right yeah this go back to
the game that was a crazy experience on
the court I never thought I'd be
watching a basketball game on the
freakin court an NBA game on the court
that was a super super dope and it
really is motivating makes me want to
work hard so that I can get more
opportunities to you know get my own
tickets to sit courtside you know so
we'll see what happens in the future but
I'm excited about these two velvet
Jordan 11 shout out to round 2 even
though I kind of paid a hefty price I've
been looking for these so long that I
was desperate to just pay resale price
basically if you don't know these velvet
11j here are GS which is great school
sizes they are a use actually they're
not consider GS are considered wise so
there's a 9.5 y and it goes to such a
high size that that is considered a
men's line and a half now my shoes that
I'm wearing right now which are you're
an 11 these are a man nine and a half so
hopefully I think we should be good I
think the only difference is that this
version might be a little bit more
narrow this one's definitely fatter but
as far as the length goes let's just try
them on and see I have a fat foot so
kind of looks weird they work there so
they look kind of funky on fetus's I
have a feather foot so it kind of like
stretches out on the sides but as far as
the laces they fit perfect my toes
literally right there
really happy I got those really very
very closely you can see flower print
laughs exactly was that cream is cold
speaker pickup of the day man 2017
pickups Enid is my fifth shoe that I
bought well not counting the one that
got stolen
starting out pretty nothing too crazy
mellow chill really happy I got you
shout out to everybody that was roasting
me on Blake lenders Instagram page when
he posted the picture of us at the game
everybody was saying I didn't know how
to dress I love my outfit the camo pants
might have been a little bit too much
just because it's like too much going on
but I just moved all my clothes here
only pants I had and my old apartment I
still sleep at my old apartment for the
next couple days
let me just read some of these comments
and again Christ looks like he just
throws on whatever he sees first and
it's called a dude can't dress to save
his life queer uu is can't dress sadly
Blake fit aspire Caixa guys can't dress
for shit on face emoji Christ learn how
to dress you're not matching but I love
your videos I've got too much going on
what's up is Christ wearing I like my
outfit guys I really do I was thinking
about spraying some of this on my suede
Elevens but it's actually not raining
today so we'll save the crap protect for
another day
speaking of Co protect again I will get
a decrepit tech boots at Fort Lauderdale
Florida so make sure you guys stop by
and save yourself to me because I'll be
there with some crew members
what is up
