I wish that I can know you talk but I
don't know what I'm gonna go
finally stopped raining so I can finally
get out of the house got a meeting to go
to
yeah this is the first meeting of 2017
does anybody think I'm annoying with all
my first this first out of 2017
what am i wearing today like the man I
should be freaking gasoline car forgot
about that
guys this guy's car was like pure
gasoline it's like yeah as if we can
have a little thingy hanging here it's
like a Carson frickin gasps oh this is
disgusting how do you live I can't smell
or no say okay you're being a valet I'm
not just like pure gas with an on-camera
dramatic all of a sudden on photos video
shoot yesterday oh those are those
stupid not stupid they're really
talented people hit it okay no coffees
booked hell yeah dude
anybody remembers I started this piggy
bank like almost a year ago and I gave
up on it like a day after I bought it
twenty five dollars in cash six forty
bucks no way yeah in quarters now
quarters and cash 40 bucks total right
guys they're trying to take all the
shoes or at least most of the shoes
right now this is probably the hardest
part all right guys sell the car it's
filled up a lot of things but I still
have a lot of things back at the
apartment but my cars filled up and will
cause it's cars filled up so shout out
to what cost for help them yeah I need a
break man because even moving things up
and down for the last hour
I told a quat will cost like Hylian
going straight to the department we
gotta go grab some boba where is he
supposed to be behind me update on the
missing package they don't know where to
be found a lot of people are tweeting me
saying all you need to get a peel box I
do have a peel box but like it sucks I
shouldn't have to go freaking check my
peel box every time I'm getting a new
shoe like you want to get it at the
comfort of your own home like you know
what I'm saying
this sucks man I don't want to ship my
shoes to my peel box my peel box is just
for you guys to connect with me and send
me letters and things like that
so yeah man hopefully the shoes pop up
but if not it's all good man got to keep
it pushing like I said yesterday
that's what Damon I see them the
apartment kind of and I see a boost ball
this is the first ever in the life of
history world but wide we're going to
play the first game of boost get ball
all right suck
we got the wall set up this is not the
final setup this is just what we're
working with right now we got a few have
the seeker look see boxes right here
fewer long and then over here we got a
container store boxes I'm looking to buy
actually I read bottom I'm just waiting
for them to come but I ordered another
30 boxes so hopefully that will complete
the wall but I wanted to go to right
about here so I'm probably going to need
2 more 2 more for than looking for
tomorrow's road there we go two more oh
oh
two more columns and a few more rows
going up this is my brand new sneaker
room my brand new sneaker apartment
technically I'm not sleeping here so
this apartment is just for my sneakers
right now this is my sneaker apartment I
mean what costs are talking about
furniture and he has suggested what
about bean bags and I said being bad and
then I realized he's talking about like
big-ass bean bags so we're thinking what
if we got two big big big bean bags
right here there's a company that we
found on Instagram that actually sells
them and they're super expensive so
we're going to see if we could reach out
and hopefully they hook us up with a
discount or something and we can get
those high because that would be super
chill like the big-ass bean bag you know
this is my man cave
you know I'm saying so I want to make it
very comfortable and anybody that comes
over they could just sit on one of those
relax sleep chill play video games watch
a movie you don't I'm saying so it's
going to be a dope vibe right now when I
have everything set up in here I'm
really excited because it's all taking
shape finally one more shot yeah oh all
right guys so we're back at the crib now
the old crib now and came up with this
crazy idea but as you guys know in
yesterday's vlog
someone stole my package and a lot of
people were giving me suggestions of
what to do people were saying install a
camera all that so I said you know what
all my install a camera and I'm going to
try to catch this guy red-handed about
to put the GoPro outside and watch it
from the iPad and hopefully within the
next couple hours or whenever hopefully
sooner than later he pops up and we're
going to put a booby trap we're going to
put a box that looks like it's a pair of
sneakers outside so let's see let's see
there's a set of salt let's set this all
up right now I'm not going to put
anything in it basically going to be a
booby trap
you got the GoPro camera live on my
iPhone oh I don't know the hell that
what just happened so we're going to now
hide the camera in the corner outside
look everybody in this room yeah if you
count my freakin GLS perfect perfect
well thank you yeah July market all
right now let's put the package yeah
right there perfect perfect setup great
- hopefully he comes in and let you out
we've been hearing noises here and there
in the hallway so we keep checking and
get he'll apparently recorders with
something it's been like two and a half
hours if he
only wait stop
is it really you think my jaw or you
think my shoes are more you what was you
purpose in my apartment that we were
friends this is my apartment
what snakes with gnome garden
no all right guys so as you guys can
tell that was a skit how many people
really think that's gonna be B because I
got tweets a you you stole this case you
still as quick case the guys first of
all I want to state that my shoes did
really get stolen yesterday that was in
a whole set up to trick you guys that
really happen but I was thinking about
it today and I was like how can I make
light of a negative situation so I
thought let me turn it into a skit and
let me turn it into a positive message
basically I mean yeah my sneakers got
stolen but it's not the end of the world
I have tons of shoes whoever stole it
might need it more than me whatever the
situation may be stay positive
is a brand new day today shut off the
switch this is a brand new day today so
whatever happened and yesterday whatever
happened yesterday you got to let it Lee
gotta let go and keep pushing so this
was again I didn't do all this but
nothing was fake I really accept this
little skid right now but as far as my
she was getting stolen that was not fake
it just I thought I would like bring a
positive message for all you guys saying
that if something bad happens you know
what I'm saying it's not the end of the
world these are all materialistic items
all these shoes are replaceable and I'm
not going to install no cameras because
I
not going to be living at this apartment
too long but uh let's just say fire cake
smash this me to say so
so there's like how is it I can know you
but I don't know what I'm trying to I
wish that I can know you but I don't
know if you yourself
