I've had that a lot three for the past
like three four months I filled up this
package look it and one more bag of
dirty Croton
I don't have to pay for laundry anymore
because they have one I'm just going to
do over here but I got to figure out how
to do this thing last time I came here
and I've dropped off a few clothes so
there is some clothing in my closet now
I have three sneaker containers which is
just a little preview what I'm going to
put here I also bought my TV so my TV is
going to be delivered soon my bed is
being delivered in the next four hours
so that's why I have to be here because
they're going to call me and they're
going to bring it up slowly but surely
we are officially moving into a new
apartment
so yeah or
oh my god these are the first three
sneakers that were bought into the
apartment kind of figure out exactly
what I want to do with the sneaker wall
is also going to be the backdrop of crew
kick so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to make that sneaker wall here I
definitely want to put like a table
there for when I'm filming and I just
want to make that wall for crew kicks
every time I film an unboxing or
whatever and the best part about this
placement is that that light is perfect
for filming yeah I'm definitely super
excited about the closet this is the
biggest closet I've ever had all this
Kanye stuff I don't wear this on the
daily so all this stuff will definitely
probably most likely towards the back of
a closet at the door coverage so guys
I've been in my apartment since 10:00
a.m.
currently 12:30 and dude just calls me
right now for my Kia and says hey I'll
be there in an hour and a half I've been
chilling this whole time I wanted some
days I feel like time is
going by twos phone and some days I feel
like there's not enough hours in the day
crazy
there's something that I've been there's
a few things that I've been wanting I
got my apartment so I'm going to go buy
it now I probably shouldn't buy it yet
until I actually bought by a buy a place
to put it but I'm gonna go buy it right
now I really I really really wanted
by the way melrose adidas the shoe
palace one they got tricolor nmds if
anybody wants them they got in here I
used to when I was younger I mean when I
didn't live in LA the go-to place every
time I came to LA with Fairfax but now
that I live here I prefer Melrose
so i'ma show you guys this thingy
of course you called the no no my lord
Jim in like 30 minutes as you guys can
see we got this very dope Kobe Bryant
box right here I wish it was really
signed but it is not really fun but
anyway I'm sure a lot of you guys have
seen pictures of these on the internet
there's like Jordan one there's Steph
Curry one that I really want from a
company called Enter Bay and open it up
right now this is the first thing you
see when you open it up it's got a Kobe
Bryant dunking and then in this gold it
is cool beef Bryan this has the date
that you retired April 13 2016 as Los
Angeles Lakers 1996 to 2016 so basically
the first thing that you get when you
open it up is jerseys so as you guys can
see this is so dope we got the number 8
Jersey is Rookie Jersey and then we got
the 24 Jersey as well as the short these
are actual freakin shorts spandex the
elbow the lower not the elbow but like
right under the elbow wristband that he
has they even put the Stan's logo on the
Sox since you retired right when Stan's
came and they have his jersey size which
is a 4 XL I guess Kobe wears at 4 XL I
didn't even know that and then the first
figurine yeah this is the first one do
you know why I know that because there's
no tattoos on him this is the first Kobe
right here he is naked but you could see
his head right there it's got the finger
that's him walking off the court doing
that after 81 points
you put Hobie on a little hardwood dish
2 of them obviously and they're both the
same I believe oh actually one of them
is gold and one of them is silver let's
make the Ricky Kobe obviously you're
going to get the body out
insert your naked guy jokes right now
that
so it looks like I could put it on my
face yo it up scold me at the new
apartment got that basketball and only
comes with one basketball which I'm kind
of disappointed in most valuable player
all-star game he got the all-star game
trophy we're going to unbox these these
are the Crazy Eights the adidas Crazy
Eights from when Kobe first came into
the league he was rockin with adidas
world smallest sneaker unboxing I can't
believe I'm dressing Kobe Bryant right
now on camera
I might neither get flame for this or
y'all gon think it's cool I don't know I
know there's going to be a commented up
boys playing with Barbies right now this
is not a barber yo this is Barbie just
put this number a jersey on young collie
almost there socks don't actually go all
the way on there like we got both shoes
on pushing on we good I'm gonna position
him right now on shoe fell off oh these
are Fendi - and take the ball oh man
okay so that's a focus was about to fall
out of this place now we've got to do
the other one is for his knee I think
this experience means put their Jersey
on I wish they sold like different
fingers for this thing that would be
freaking to see Mexican should have
hired IKEA to put this together - like
they didn't like this now let's see what
sneakers we got four young Mamba Kobe
Elevens without the swoosh on it because
I don't think like you wanted to give
the copyright but anyway these are
supposed to be the Kobe 11s if you guys
can see them we got mama already right
yeah Mamba mentality hella realistic
even the eyes glistened it look like
he's crying
alright let me know which one you guys
like more I like 24 a little bit more if
it looks a little bit a little bit more
realistic for anybody wondering this
thing cost two hundred and seventy
dollars which is kind of pricey but if
you are looking for a nice little
display something for your room I think
it's well worth it it's dope as hell
I'm dead I'm just kidding that was a
good workout I really enjoyed the gym
here I hit the treadmill a couple miles
two months to be exact like an over
exaggerated list in some ways there's a
what does that thing called elliptic a
lipstick whatever it is called Telling
You Mandy today's this today was the
longest day of the year I know that
years only eleven days in but the
longest day of the frickin year but it
was very very productive for me it's
gotten a lot done
I missed the hustle that I used to have
on crew Creek so I used to wake up and
wanna I had to upload five days a week
and I missed that and I want to bring
that back
I want crew cakes to be the best niihka
channel on youtube and right now it's
not so I need to make sure I get it back
to that because that's what I so it
drove me every morning man that's drove
me every day but sometimes you got to
lose it in order to want it more you
know what I'm saying so got to keep
grinding baby I sympathize phone isn't
working again this is what I'm telling
you about Lee Apple the new the iPhone 7
doesn't work
the Iowa doesn't work like what is this
 second of all I'm supposed to have
a package right here man's it happen
again do freakin this is that a
perfectly fine day great there's my
package my roommates not here so there's
no anything the house
deliver location front door someone we
can store my packages okay so I bought
these off of this app called gold which
is like a sneaker out where you buy
sneakers from other people it's always
the longest process through this app
because it's good and bad so I'm not
even trying to promote this app I don't
know anybody who works for this app I
just I find from this app because it's
trustworthy you buy it and then they
ship it to the to go and then the goat
verifies the shoes real and then they
ship it to you so it actually takes
about two two to three weeks for you
actually get this shoe the shoe that I
bought was these right here the samurai
Kyrie threes the samurai Kyrie three
this is a second freaking shoe someone
stole from in front of my doorman and I
know it's only $175 which is it could
have been worse
but it's just like someone is I'm who
comes
I don't live on a street where anyone
can just see a password you have to be
you have to come to my floor in my
apartment complex and somebody is coming
to this exact floor they saw the box and
took it so what I'm thinking is somebody
who lives on this floor who knows and
that there is a kid who lives on the
same floor as me who knows I can't
accuse him like that I'm not going to
say it with him but I'm in my mind it
just can't be some random person it has
to be someone who comes to this floor
like this is killed my vibe dude
whatever obviously that person needs it
more than me
I'm just going to keep it pushing and it
sucks but is what it is man I'm just
happy I'm not going to be living here
for too much longer pretty messed up my
whole vlog I had a such a good day I was
literally I was recording when I got out
the elevator so I can show that the
package was there that you saw the
footage and it wasn't there and I had
planned I was like alright when the
package comes I'm going to film the crew
case video unboxing tonight but there's
no box so now I'm freakin screwed on
video for tomorrow
I
guys I'm sorry I'm just going to cut it
off here I'm sorry for the bad vibes
towards the end of the night hope
everybody does have a great day we're
going to look on ebay or wherever and
try to get these shoes I know a lot of
people are going to tag me and tweet me
saying try to hook me up with the shoes
but don't worry about it guys I'm good
I'll find the shoes eventually patience
is key in the sneaker game thank you
ahead of time I love you guys
dream crew stay positive stay but a my
earpiece
