so about us right now who are you going
my whole day thus far has been me in
this room cleaning working laundry
different stuff different stuff every
hour different stuff every hour
different stuff and designing designing
I came up with three different designs
no I came up with one design and then
Farooq came up with the design and then
I took Farooq's design and added my own
design to it and we put two great minds
together and we officially have
finalized the design for the exclusive
Miami t-shirt I mean the city the Fort
Lauderdale t-shirt for sneaker con Fort
Lauderdale aka Miami since it's like 30
minutes from Miami super excited about
that the merch it's the first release of
2017 so yeah I'm doing we're doing
something crazy for that let me show you
guys all the packing if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog by the way I announced
that I got my new apartment over the
next week or so you're gonna see a lot
of messy boxes in here so why then I
just have one moving day like a normal
person does where they just grab all
their stuff take it there and start
living there one I kind of got
trigger-happy when I found out I was
approved to get my own apartment so the
apartment was mine and I still had this
pay place because I paid rent here but
it gives me two or three weeks to
basically you know set that place up and
have it 100% ready before I actually
start moving in and living in there even
though I kind of want to start living
there and sleeping there by not this
weekend but next weekend so we'll see so
I was trying to think since I've been
literally home most of the day I'm not
going to go shopping I'm not going to go
buy shoes today I'm not going to do
anything pretty much entertaining what
can I do to make this vlog dope and what
I decided to do is something I haven't
done on this channel in a very long time
I've done it on my sneaker channel crew
kicks a few months ago but it would be
dope to look at to look back at this
video and then do the same video at the
end of this year so what I'm going to do
right now is I'm going to show you guys
my entire sneaker collection at the
start of 2017 and see what sneakers I
still have
the end of 2017 so we're going to do
like a video and then kind of like do a
comparison at the end of the year so
this video is literally going to be
twelve months in the making
Loki not really but anyway my entire
sneaker collection except here's the
thing except I'm not going to show you
guys any of my Easy's and the reason for
that is because I'm going to show you
guys all my easy zon crew kicks you're
going to get my entire easy collection
on crew kicks which is over 15 pairs and
you're going to get my entire sneaker
collection right now so let's do it
I will be jumping through these sneakers
very very very fast not gonna be like
your usual okay so this shoe no no
stories jump quick let's see what
sneakers we have in five four three two
one
I'm not going to show you those two
because they're in glass cases but the
autographed Big Sean's and the promo
sample Coby SB sneakers that perfect
pair gave me a shout out to Kenny we'll
start with some high fashion red bottoms
low top black joints these are like
black suede with a spiky tip very very
sexy and clean Jordan one black toes
with cheddar tan vans sexy I haven't
wore these too much simple all white
balance Yaga's lacking white ultra boost
very very beat Chicago ones think these
came out last year or the year before I
can't remember pinnacle sixes gold as
hell very sexy land smell in Jordan ones
even though they came separate but I'm
not gonna explain that right now cath
ultra boost that I just recently got
having were these yet Kyrie threes that
I just recently got Air Jordan ones that
just came out need to wear these two
still dead stock what the Kyrie in the
white colorway that released in the
United States of America James Harden's
first signature sneaker with the Dita's
medida sent me the wrong size actually I
don't even know if I Dida sent me this
but you showed up on my door and they
send me the wrong size so these are ten
and a half bright color ultra boost
tricolor and MD is my bed are two nmds
very very comfortable
I like these way more than the regular
nmds triple black on caged ultra boost
very very very sexy baby very sexy topaz
LV sneakers that Mina got me for our
anniversary love these all-white
airforce
with my picture lasered on the back
these were given to me by a supporter
these are beautiful I don't think I'll
ever wear these as a collector's item
because my face is lasered in there see
that NYC Jordan one cyber monday Jordan
ones shattered backboards Jordan ones
alternates having were these yet still
dead stock Jordan Brand gave me these so
Thank You Jordan I'm not sick but I got
the flu game to get it flu game foot flu
game 12 yeah no okay the chatter ten Air
Force Ones I don't wear these as much as
I should because these are very very
clean and very great quality Air Jordan
1 la 2 loss on one shoe and then the
other shoe says Angeles so Los Angeles
Nike ID Kyrie twos and honor of reaching
a hundred thousand subscribers I made
this one for which one I think I made
this one for a crew TV but maybe no no I
think I made this one for crew cakes no
this one is COO TV the other lands
mountains in the bread colorway black
Balenciaga is another high-end sneaker
they can't go wrong with David Letterman
Jordan ones if you don't know about this
this is inspired by Jordans first talk
show appearance bred ones 2016 classic
colorway oviya white's shout out to the
homie beige on for this beautiful
birthday gift last year I love these men
top 3 Jordan ones these are a recent
release made out of the three Jordan
ones that are most important and iconic
I don't know these are called honestly
I'm just gonna call them the suede gray
join in Elevens that recently came out
very sexy very good quality your god van
I got these for a steal off Craigslist
if anybody remembers that vlog a cop
them for $300 now these go for like $700
which is insane for a pair of ants also
got some custom vans from vans calm we
got these checkered ones that look like
LV print the customs with the camel toes
and the crew on the toe I've never shown
that I have these on camera the Jordan
12s are here but this pair right here is
a sample pair so if you actually look at
that quality this isn't the regular pair
that came out this is a sample supreme
Jordan fives the hype is real shattered
backboards orden ones probably one of
the greatest quality Jordan ones of our
time over your Jordan tens thank God for
the Nike raffle at the Grove got these
for retail red bottoms don't
when I have these on because I will
spike you fan I will stick this spike up
yo here's the green ones these are the
Kyrie 2 what does in the overseas
colorway not released in America camo
supreme fives okay so this is the
regular ovo this is the one I wear this
is the one that came out to the general
public and as you guys can see again
that stingray on the sample version is
way way better or than twelve Flint's I
think these are called Flint's or true
blues or whatever they're called these
are favored beautiful these remind me of
Kobe when he played the Warriors and
they had those throw backs on not a
soccer player but I got the name or
Jordan fives Melo Jordan ones super
underrated love these Kyrie two's I
think this is uh I forgot what this
color is called actually but Kyrie two's
the Toy Story woody vans I know a lot of
people don't like these but I personally
love them I love the movie Toy Story had
to get these everybody knows these are
famous for the Atlanta sneaker con hoops
game I was hyping these shoes up for
weeks think I scored like fourteen
points of these so Big Sean attitudes
right here this is inspired by Hawaii
because that's where he recorded his
album I need to get these signs
Intercontinental Championship Asics is
my only pair of Asics
i bought these because they are inspired
by wrestling these are designed by wale
who's also a wrestling fan someone
texted me I don't know that is shout-out
to my fellow high beast we got the babe
nmds right here I don't have the green
pair yet to blur my Adidas I made these
inspired by the Pusha T EQ T's or some
whatever they're called right there says
King on the other one it says Kai's I
don't worry these that much because
they're not that comfortable that boost
life just took over call these the
safaris because I wore these in Dubai
for a safari these are the 3.0 ultra
boost and a great colorway the Wayne
wait for is leaning a lot of people
don't mess with the leaning weight but I
really like them got the fours right
here we got these green olive low tops
and then we got the Buzz Lightyear's
another part of the toy story collection
and on the bottom of the shoe if you
didn't know it does say Andy this is the
most expensive Air Jordan I've ever
bought it's the Air Jordan one sat in I
bought these at sneak peek on New York
City who's worth every penny in my
opinion mob mercurial Kobe AIDS the Kobe
a is the greatest Kobe in the line of
Kobe's wrestling piece to the Kobe line
because that Kobe ad is garbage khaki
with orange boost these are the ultra
boost I love
we got the white tricolors right here
this is the white version I showed you
the black version earlier sorry that my
head keeps going over here I'm like
trying to keep if I if I put my head in
the corner my camera focuses on the shoe
and then I get caught looking at the
camera so I look really weird the whole
time like this like hey this is the
tricolor ultra boost I got rid of the
silver medals because you know we only
go for that gold cement four's Nike Air
on the back true blue threes nike air on
the back all of ultra boost nike it no
just boost on the bottom the cream ultra
boost one of my favorites one of a lot
of people's favorite scream ultra boost
Thank You Mena for these all white vans
Nintendo vans right here duck hunting
game another sneaker that Mina got me
the Kobe 11 all-stars probably the last
best Kobe is the Kobe 11
let us pray for the ad and the rest of
the line Kairat cheese right here
westbrook 1.0 is right here from jordan
brand uncage ultra boost well this isn't
a triple black one actually this is a
great upper with the orange inner so we
got the carmine sixes which I still
haven't worn but I will wear these very
very soon these were gifted to me by a
dream crew supporter in Cleveland
Tyrese first signature shoe in the first
colorway this is the dream colorway of
the Kyrie one I believe that's what
they're called ultra boosts multi color
whites I think they could have shot up
that's so dope
Kyrie this is from the championship pack
pitch black Stan Smith classic sneakers
so can't go wrong but other Kobe 11 this
one was made on Nike ID in honor of my
sneaker channel crew kicks hitting a
hundred thousand subscribers uncage
ultra boost navy blue lebron um is this
11 or is this a 12 think this is a 12
but this is a LeBron that is inspired by
the watch to throw in the bronze and I
made this in honor of my main channel
hitting 100,000 subscribers in 2005 so I
made this very dope colorway and it's
the actual all-star colorways my only
LeBron in my collection we have Wade
fives in that Allred colorway what the
Kyrie one Nike IDs so many people try to
buy these off me but I will never get
rid of them alright let me see what else
I have I got some more sneakers over
here I know you
fear Xavier was doing the time-lapse
recently gifted to me by Under Armour we
got the curry 3s in this very sexy
maroon colorway I believe these are the
Christmas joints they sent it to me in
this crazy crazy packaging the suitcase
which I asked to like break open that
boy's up carry them on the road let's go
this package right here that Jordan
Brand sent me it does not come with the
Jordan nines I added the Jordan nines in
there but you got the Jordan nines right
here we got the 2016 space jams right
here and we got the 2016 four and thirty
ones right here yeah alright guys again
that was my entire sneaker collection
but it was not the easies I'm saving the
easiest for a coup kicks video it's
actually going to be up tomorrow so so
yeah if you want to see the entire Yeezy
collection go to crew kicks and I still
don't know what I'm gonna do for the
rest of the day but I'm gonna start
packing some more things and get ready
probably take a few things to the new
apartment and then go to my new
apartments gym because my apartment has
its own gym so let's just say no more
excuses the gyms literally
alright I'm gonna go clean up the mess I
made
you
you
