today's the day guys today is the big
day catch me looking for somebody
somebody like you
this is officially my new apartment
I officially got my keys a few days ago
and I was really really really really
excited to tell you guys I didn't I
didn't know how to make like a big
announcement and I realized like I don't
need to make a big announcement just
keep it natural with you guys it goes
like crazy in here like this is huge for
me this is a it's a huge step for me I
feel like I'm old and I should have done
this a long time ago like ten years ago
I should have had my own apartment or
like five years ago I should I have my
own apartment but I just it finally
happened and I'm so freaking excited
it's super dark in here because it's so
gloomy outside but I promise you guys on
a very very sunny day it is very late
here in the living room I've checked out
other apartments and when I walked in
just something was off like you wanna be
in a place where right when you walk in
from the front from the first time to
every scene all the time after that you
feel like you're home you feel welcome
you feel like you're the king sitting on
the throne and that's exactly how I felt
when I walked in here I mean this is
honestly not the biggest apartment it's
about 750 square feet I believe it's a
one-bedroom with a 1 bathroom a very
sexy walk-in closet a lot of space for
me to put all my things finally instead
of cramming them all in by one little
room
I get to spread them out and design my
own freaking apartment
finally there's so much space here like
that my balcony a little fireplace
electronic fireplace sneak a wall is
going to be right here in the middle of
the living room I'm not going to get a
dining table I'm gonna get some stools
right here so that we can eat right here
whenever I have people over or if I'm
eating by myself everything in this
apartment is refurnished like brand-new
floors brand new kitchen counters brand
new refrigerators all this stuff is
brand new I got lucky with that because
I'm the first person to live in this
apartment with all this new new floors
and all that stuff there we go this is
my closet so I'm super happy about this
because there's so much room to hang all
my clothes I don't often fold anything I
can hang here hang here I can hang here
I can put empty boxes up here I can put
hats here whatever cologne things are
drawing I'm very happy with this my
bathroom which I'm super excited about
because look at all the room I have I
got a mirror right there and then a
mirror right here and mirror right here
the reason why this is so important to
me this side mirror right here
I didn't have in my last apartment is
because I have a beard and lining up my
beard from the side it's very crucial
this this window mirror right here
changed my life
literally I've had this apartment for
three four days now but I haven't
brought anything into it yet I actually
went yesterday to Target with Mina and
she basically god bless her she gave me
the rundown of everything I need
essential lies for my apartment so we
ended up spending like five hundred
dollars at Target but it's all stuff
that I need for this apartment so I'm
gonna go get all that stuff my favorite
pickup is the target exclusive white
Batman North Pole camo Batman whatever
sick one last thing
a year ago if you guys remember I was
trying to get my apartment in LA a
little over a year ago and I couldn't do
it I didn't have the credit I didn't
have the money
I was literally living out of hotels and
friends houses and out of my car trying
to be in the LA area I got super lucky
because I found somebody on Craigslist
my current roommate on Craigslist he let
me move in the day we met in the day we
met and I was just blessed to be able to
find something so great in a great
position and that apartment that I'm
currently in for the next couple weeks
or for the next week or whenever I
decide to start sleeping in this
apartment being in that apartment for so
long was a blessing and I will always be
grateful for finding that apartment
it's like humble beginnings even when
I'm pretty old so it's crazy man la
tried to break me didn't happen man
finally got my own place so all right
guys back home
five kicks is here fan from the shirt oh
yeah so this is five kicks right here
your girl's a reseller right here and
now you guys might think this is just a
normal black on great chopper combo but
once you flash the lights it's a little
glittery yeah guys this is 2bm did I go
yeah sure if you guys can
oh yeah you can kind of see a glisten
but it won't you have to see them
picture oh there we go
those are 3m t-shirts the first time any
of us the 3m so you guys don't only in
Miami February 11 so come on now trigger
the apartment first are after huh
supreme fans I need these
these should I only hang you know what
I'm doing just got to Melrose right now
and we're about to take this picture
right there
catch me
alright now how do we get it down here
catch it catch y'all my careful with the
to the easy to more than the thing I
feel like no you can't do it like that
look the second the second one is
wrapped in between
I think no it's just a girls paper shoot
you guys will find out what we're doing
with that really really soon but Oh cops
we got arrested arrested for hanging
Easy's on melrose quick stop at a deed
oh
roll my ankle all right guys so now we
are at this shopping center that has
Best Buy and gamestop me not met have
been talking about it for a long time
starting a gaming channel let's just say
we're one step closer to a game Q&A
gaming coming through the depth to it
first we gotta give you gotta get an
apartment yeah did that we got our own
little area to gain yep now we need to
I've been telling you guys I want a
PlayStation 4 for so long so I'm gonna
go we're gonna go to gamestop probably
not gonna buy from Gamestop probably buy
from Best Buy
let's just go see what Game Stop has but
anyway we still got to learn like how to
record the video screen and we don't
know anything about it we just want to
play video games and and record it for
you guys
we're about to follow us hidden heat the
gadget guys uh seems like just yesterday
we were back here at IKEA buying a bed
frame myself a couple months ago now we
gotta buy a brand new one let's just say
putting the old one on eBay
what's up fam I'm gonna look at couches
but I'm not probably going to get my
couch from Ikea I don't think they're
that comfortable here that's the same I
have to get a bump bunk bed for you bug
been coming over 25 years and the first
year the one thing I noticed with
apartment shopping you need all the big
things first like I need my couch in
order to pick out my rug and my coffee
table you know you got to get the big
things for it so we're getting the
mattress in the bed and then from there
we decide like Hill are we gonna need a
dresser or we're gonna need this or we
need ask
but it would entail
alright guys wrapped up at IKEA luckily
we're getting everything delivered for
like 60 bucks to the house so we don't
got to do all the tough work but we got
some of the basic stuff right here and
ended up spending $1,200 I think so
$1,200 plus $500 that I sped a target
the other day and that's probably just
like 40% of the stuff I need for the
apartment you didn't get the main stuff
yeah so getting and getting your own
place the reason why I tell you guys the
money the numbers is just because it's
like oh people Ponder's yeah for future
reference if anybody's looking to move
into their own apartment they know how
much money they need to save up I just
want to get up only one bed and that's
it yeah yeah it's just I got a
queen-size bed so like obviously it's
going to be a little bit cheaper if you
get a smaller size bed and on top of
that like I didn't get you one counter I
got look like yeah I got basic plates
I got basic plate sets I got basic a lot
of basic stuff but it really depends on
what you pick and choose and where you
shop but average that's what you're
looking like your focus is going crazy
catch me looking for somebody somebody
like
haha
