the shoes laughter the car
do you know what your freezer saved us
redemptions on your I've been kind of
feeling bad
I've just been sick and I don't know I'm
just like out of it but I'm getting back
into it I bought he's being weird like
look I even have a pimple on my lip all
you guys are probably gonna roast me for
handing this having this band-aid here I
want to sleep at 7 p.m. yesterday I've
even been like I've been waking up
really early like 4 or 5 a.m. the past 2
days 7 a.m. now light sprinkle in Panera
Bread get some breakfast and then we
will hit the gym
doesn't it feel good to wake up early
when I don't have to wake up early and
force myself it feels good like when you
naturally wake up welcome to my world
stay warm okay but
our guys better get this workout in I'm
not going to take the camera we'll put
it in the locker just focus on getting
this workout in alright see you in a
minute to be honest with you guys I
don't know where this vlog is headed I
don't understand I really don't know
what's going on
I feel like this vlog is all over the
place but we're going to settle things
right now and finally get the day
started because I've been up just
handling a whole bunch of things I don't
know if I want to unveil the huge
announcement in today's vlog or save it
for later or what but we're going to do
two things right now the first thing is
we're going to go on Melrose a fellow
youtuber Teddy aka the boost god is
having a pop-up shop at a tattoo parlor
because he's also a tattoo artist and
he's a sneaker head who has tons of
boosts the dita sneakers imma go say
what's up to him and then after that I'm
gonna go to Mac Park because I have a
few shoes I need to take on consignment
and on top of that I'm also going to be
giving away a few shoes I haven't
decided how when I'm going to be giving
away a few shoes in today's vlog so yeah
just pulled up to Melrose I don't know
why this place is always cracking but
it's cracking
are you I'm with the boots God right now
how does it meet up successful yeah it's
pretty successful up and said sold out
in 30 minutes and there was like still a
pretty long line I told him really I
said every time I mentioned somebody
else who has like a dope boost
collection you guys always get on me and
say boost god is better than him so
shout out to his fans with a really
loyal man yeah you guys are great yeah
anyway I'm gonna get a tattoo right now
use that me yeah are you gonna do what I
get
yeah it's gonna be the click video
getting my first tattoo got a buscar
that ya local my god Lauren
oh shit who's died yeah no we did it I
would probably get something like I get
flamed if I did anything easy related
imagine that's so bad guys I'm stuck on
the middle of the street
melrose for you
guys I'm such an idiot I was in there
for about 40 minutes and I left my car
on the whole time but for real he's
gonna see getting some sit down or
something bro here's the thing I'm
actually gonna touch on the topic do I
have any tattoos no have I thought about
getting a tattoo yes would I ever get a
tattoo no like back in the day when I
wanted one cuz I thought it was cool but
I don't think I'd ever get one it's not
my thing
if I did get one though what I wanted to
do was I wanted to get my last name
spelled backwards which was is Ramo are
a mo
my last name is Omar and the reason why
I wanted to put my last name backwards
because our amo is actually my parents
is my parents initials which is crazy
how that worked out so RA is my mom's
initials and M O is my dad's initials so
it's that's great that's freaking crazy
how that even happened so I was going to
get that but I never did it and I never
probably will and now I got a parallel
park so I got to put the vlog camera
down so okay BRB oh my god I love you
turn it around bro RAAA
no no like looking down the listen shirt
and the necklace damn Channing Tatum bro
let's just say I've been in the gym not
Channing Tatum but I have my chain
little no I mean I know they seen it but
I'm gonna put in the key master key yeah
this is what we're gonna do I got a few
sneakers I need to put on consignment
but then I got a few sneakers I'm gonna
give away so what were you gonna do is
post on the mag park Instagram saying
the first few people who come into mag
and can beat me in a three-point contest
get to keep the size 10 sneakers if they
are size tens go get the shoes and do
the consignment first and then we're
going to post on the Instagram hi guys
so I'm about to show you guys all the
shoes on
on consignment 124 these dead stock is
going to be 230 right here dead stock
nmds 120 guys primeknit nmds one couple
times 200 worn 3m the Pharrell nmds worn
literally twice I think
350 350 we're going to list these that
new pair goes for like 600 so almost
half off j.cole for sale drive 30 bucks
whose man is this we're doing a
high-stakes Instagram fix hype okay you
got to hold your elbow so we just posted
the Instagram video right now the Kobe's
size 10 carry 3 is the kt9 all you have
to do is come to Mac Park and outshoot
me and be a size 10 and you can take one
of those for free and then we have these
right here I'm giving these away for
free to the first person who comes into
the store and shows us that they have a
4.0 and they can have these hopefully
their size 10 because we're giving it to
someone who has a size 10 we got our
first contestant right here what's up am
Doug you ready to take this else never
never no else all right so we're doing
the three shots whoever makes the most
shots
Oh
ah you gotta do to make going now you
take the cover covers and go looking out
for you
thank you for like I'll go that good
that good
let's go point on with it alright guys
we got our 4.0 our 4.0 dude is here so
these are yours deadstock
there you go brother enjoy I'll make to
account to Victor I shout out Julian
shout out our kill all of a sudden fam
said unto you fam 4.000 it's looking
good
Wow that's one
Oh
some carbonyl life
good job or you can sit up don't you
think it is okay cool next one here you
go thank you for this crisis a Devin
yeah design news man you have unique you
go in that's our third winner right I
mean our fourth winner right there you
get the stuff Therese thank you
yeah good shooting good w thank you no
else right right
davon yeah firm one house fondo you know
more often how do the bruising over
herpes check out these og Jordan ones
what's the story with these um I found
them in my dad's closet you're going to
shoes let me sit on my cell oh yeah
reseller other markets would be proud
guys if you know so pores a big plate if
you hear them crack there's all does me
you ever go with you same here
no way me and Jordan Brand have the same
here wow so I never forget how old
Jordan has been around more than 85
through you know you I was born and with
Jordan female YH
you yeah drag gets wrong twice I'm born
in 388
