this private location I just want to say
I'm super proud of myself because I've
woken I've wakened woken weak and been
up early every single day since I've
been back a lot of people I told Peter
that I'm up early and ninety and people
are like oh that's not even early for me
that's early I'm really proud of myself
yesterday I woke up at 9:00 a.m. today I
woke up at 7:00 a.m. I mean I was up all
night too I just had some you know my
bathroom problems that I've been having
but it's I'm getting better today good
vibes it's raining outside I love this
weather wearing a hoodie pull out the
umbrella sweatpants Jordan wands can't
go wrong baby
ah sorry guys this is five kicks first
sneaker pickup of 2017 let's just say
he's bringing out the heat 1/3 retail
boys retail bar you only fire kicks in I
don't even have these yet this is the
first shoe I got that thought that guys
didn't get shout out to the home in
Australia hell yeah that's one of the
goals get the shoot before guys having
to just check the peel box and there was
a few things there for us so these are
all my tattoo jeez stop oh wow well
that's it looks at June crew - 7 yeah
think so guys look at this laser and
printed wooden phone King's dream crew
Oh 7 this is from chat - Jason from
Michigan let's just say new phone case
alert okay so we're on the way to the
mall right now all right kicks feels
like Kobe I feel like I'm in some manly
get Ivan been dining to the league
something I didn't
you know they announced the first round
of all-star votes not the final one but
the first round you know is in the
Western who Zaza Pachulia CH from the
Warriors okay whoa everything game what
the other size 10 yellow lower you think
so yeah yeah looks like around angle but
they didn't have my size at champ so
we're going to foot action next like
impossible to find these shoes I've
never seen a nike basketball sneaker
sell out like this well a general will
release one that is it's crazy it's a
gift face to the air Hey look at this
they say if you play hard enough and
this breaks that's when you know you
reach the highest level like this breaks
and it becomes way more comfortable but
the secret is eyes after you play like
your best game this is gonna break but
before that's not crazy guys so I got
both the sneakers that I've been looking
for for two days now shout out to what's
or was it foot actually we got in my
foot action when they have the sneakers
we want we buy Oh
alright guys so they have Bobo here at
the mall but it's a self-serve Bobo
which I've never seen so they give you
the cup and you do it all yourself so
I'm about to put I'm actually going to
put the de leche in there and then I'm
gonna go get the drink that I want to
get so
thank you
guys is cold as hell so I had to stop
home but a jacket on I'm getting sick
now now that nice not it's just not just
my stomach so my whole body feels me we
all Melrose now I don't know what we're
doing man we're just shopping for things
we're not going to buy we're just
wandering around living life honestly
alright guys back home I feel like crap
so I just came IMed went home and I'm
gonna probably just end the vlog by
showing you guys my opinion and closer
review of my sneaker pickups from this
year so it's already been what what is
today today is January 5th
it's January 5th and I've already picked
up three pairs of shoes that's five days
into the year three pairs of shoes
that's not good and I'm good at all okay
obviously you guys already know we got
the Air Jordan ones the whiting blues I
didn't think I was gonna buy these I
want to see the you think I was gonna
like these but I actually really do
they're really dope let me know if you
guys think I should put the blue laces
or leave the white laces or do something
different and put black laces I don't
know and the Kyrie threes so this is the
first colorway that released technically
it's not the first colorway actually
because on Christmas Day I believe Nike
released the samurai colorway and it was
like a surprise and they only dropped
online so that was technically the first
colorway but this is technically the
just told me technically this is the
first official released colorway of the
Kyrie threes not able to give you guys a
full review yet but I really like those
little spikes on the back they're cool
at first I feel like they could have
done a better job this thing right here
these are which are considered the pods
I don't consider them pods because this
is actually still technically another
technically I don't think it really does
anything they just colored it to make it
look like it's a separate part I have
every first colorway of the Kyrie we've
got the Kyrie ones
Kyrie two's Kyrie three so Perry threes
the box is really sick I like the box
all over the place then if you saw
yesterday's lock you know this was my
other sneaker pick up
Oh God the kids ultra Bruce right here
I'm really happy I got these from Eric
park I think they are fantastic
beautiful beautiful shoe very tight
around the ankle but still super super
comfortable because it is ultra boost
ultra boost in my favorite shoe right
now so I had to pick these up my next
pickup that I'm looking to get is gonna
be the Chinese New Year I believe
Chinese New Year ultra boost I think I'm
just gonna buy those online today if I
can't find them for retail anywhere and
nobody's really offered them to me so
I'm gonna have to pay resale for them
unfortunately I really don't want to but
I have to so yeah
Keith OH - booze that is now I'm gonna
end the vlog so thank you guys for
watching I'm gonna spend the rest of the
day sleeping and getting back to my
hundred-percent body because I'm out of
here right now so yeah we'll see you
guys with another video tomorrow
very very dope video on crew kicks today
crew kicks resumes so make sure you guys
go watch that starting back up with the
bank for 2017 and that's it I'm out
just kidding I'm not gonna end the vlog
like that I'm not every other youtuber
alright bye
