I consider this the first official vlog
of 2017 and I'm back in LA today is a
super busy day for me I've got so much
to take care of I'm behind on everything
but I'm actually up early and that's a
good thing it's like 9:00 a.m. so day
one of waking up early is actually
accomplished I need you guys to do one
thing for me so if you are a crew loyal
if you're an official dream crew like
faithful I need you guys to do one thing
for me because this year is a pretty big
year for me basically I need you guys to
do me a huge favor and that is to mark
your calendar mark your calendar for
September 2017 because that would be the
official day that I hit my 10-year mark
on YouTube ten year anniversary since I
started my youtube channel not my vlog
channel my main channel but in YouTube
in general I started my channel ten
years ago that's why you see 2007 oh
seven on a lot of my mergers because
it's oh seven is a year I created my
youtube I haven't decided what I want to
do on that day because I definitely want
to do an event I'm not sure what city or
what I'm going to do but I want to do
something huge and I'm going to set my
goal right now my goal is to have 1
million subscribers on truTV by
September 2017 so mark your calendars
and let's start the countdown
now that we talked about that let's talk
about date what important dates are
coming up
at the end of this month on January 29th
I'm going to be going to San Antonio
Texas for the Royal Rumble which I'm
super excited about you guys don't know
how long I've been wanting to go to a
Royal Rumble it's going to be freakin
insane I'm not going to be doing a
meet-up there that it's just going to be
a personal trip of mine cuz I'm only
going to be there for literally like a
day and a half but as far as events go
neocons here are the three official
dates that are set now there might be
new events I mean new dates that pop up
in between these days but as of right
now these are the three official sneaker
cons of 2017
February 11th is Fort Lauderdale in
Florida March 11th is Cleveland I will
also be coming with a few members of the
crew and the biggest one in my opinion
sneaker corn for the first time ever is
coming to London London on May 27 now I
know that seems so far away honestly I
feel like it's going to creep up really
really quick yeah New York on it in
London on May 27th I will be having
exclusive March at all the sneaker cons
and if I did not say the city that you
are in and you want sneaker con to come
there don't worry like I said more dates
will be announced these are just the
first three cities that are officially
set
I don't know what it was Matt but and
ever since I came back I've had some
really bad bathroom problems so I'm
literally coming home just use the
bathroom before I go run the rest of my
errand literally God why I'm moving so
slow right now
that's my keys in the freaking car
what is life right now so today is the
fourth day of the year and I haven't
bought a pair of sneakers yeah so the
big question is what is going to be my
first tinker pickup I don't think it's
going to be anything too crazy and I
think it's actually going to happen
today when I was in Dubai there was a
few thing because I wanted to buy but
they didn't have them over there I'm
hoping they have them here some will go
to Nike yeah might be buying for shoes
today
so surprised they don't have either of
the sneakers that I wanted and I was
expecting both of them to be sitting
here the white and blue air jordan ones
and the kairi's that just came out the
Kyrie threes they don't have either of
all but this is this is not a funny
situation but it's funny because who
happened to who what cost just texted me
and he said that his car got towed so
I'm going to go pick them up and take
them to the towing company to go get his
car back
doctor year off right huh 30:17
amazingly that all your friends are
youtubers and they have the document all
your tragedies and I think I mean I look
back at this my job with them thank you
made it to Burbank now low-key
disappointed man I really wanted those
Diaries I buy every first Kyrie now I
know there's only been three but I got
the first two so I need this one but
anyway I'm going to Mac Park to meet
with Mickey because we're going to go
over like a whole bunch of ideas that we
have for 2017 and a new TV show not TV
show a new series that we're working on
for two ticks so
so I walk into the mag offices and they
got these chillin over here they're on
hold for someone but this is like one of
the aired on ones that I really really
want but these go for like almost 2
grand at 11 and a half or else I'd have
to convince them to give them to me now
I got those in my collection yeah well I
do I wish we were the same size we share
one size same hello is that going to be
my first shoe of the year he's going to
check if they have the kit ultra booth
will that be my first week of the year
because a girl I'll be rocking these
only Neely's inpatient and then when do
you do the unfocused focus yeah Jordan
Jersey
your size they shot up my boy kites
right here shout-out to my brother
shoutout HEV so thanks to mag park so my
my hair by the way I got my first nigger
pick up on thumbnail first sneaker
pickup of 2017 the kiss ultra booth and
I had some store credit with them from
what I did the consignment so I got
these for a couple hundred bucks I know
they go for a lot at the end of the day
that is a shoe that I wear more than
anything else is my ultra boost and my
easy so kawaai not man now I got to
drive home because the Derby is kicking
in again alright Oh guys I think I'm
getting sick I don't know what it is but
I feel like I have a bug in my stomach
because I keep going to the bathroom I'm
sorry about all this bathroom talk but I
ate some bad food on the airplane but I
feel a cold coming along and I've
literally just been home take a nap and
then I woke up and I refix my sneaker
wall so obviously there's no more
Christmas tree now it's just your flat
old good old sneaker wall I changed it
up I didn't do it on this wall like I
had last time I just went all on one
wall I'm looking to definitely get rid
of some sneakers within the next few
days I'm probably going to take a few to
put on consignment there's a few shoes
that I just need to give it a look again
I need to get rid of these because I
know where I'm I'll let you guys know
when I do put them on consignment
the reason I want to get rid of some is
because there's actually a shoe that
Mickey is possibly going to help me get
that is very very rare
and it's probably going to be the most
expensive sneaker that I've ever gotten
and in order to get that shoe I would
rather get rid of some shoes to pay for
that shoe so I still have to throw money
on top that's how crazy expensive it is
I'm trying to step my game up man all
this stuff is cool but like you know I'm
saying I want to have dope sneakers and
no one else has now like you know I'm
saying it's like the evolution of a
sneaker head get that boost ball you
soon now get that boots ball shout out
the head case
this one right here crew kicks is
actually going to resume on Friday with
a crazy sneaker challenge that I've
never done before well I've done it
before but this twist is crazy and we
did a two-on-two sneaker challenge
so starting Friday crew kicks will be
back up and we'll be uploading four days
a week on there I never did my top ten
sneakers of 2016 so I might do that one
for you guys next week on crew kicks one
thing I want to do when I get the new
apartment is I want to put a Crip
protect stand in the apartment so any
gifts that comes over they just can get
some free prep protect I'm going to have
my current protect people to hook me up
with one of those so that would be
freaking dope itself hope you guys are
definitely excited as I am for this year
because I promise you I promise you we
are going to be doing some crazy things
as here I'm going to be doing some crazy
collabs not with like youtubers anything
like that but I'm talking about big
companies like I'm not going to hype
anything up because nothing is a hundred
percent but we are I'm in the talks and
it works with a lot of dope projects so
all I can say is stay tuned and stick
with the crew stick with the journey and
that's going to be it for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it make sure you
hit that thumbs up I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a better vlog yes I'm not
here peace loving guys
you
you
