20:18 we're gonna be doing next level
stuff stuff that no one has ever done
before hike be stuff you know I'm saying
sleeker stuff first-ever everything it's
gonna be absolutely lit this is the year
I feel it what are we gonna do today
though you haven't told me I thought you
had the ideas should we just head up
Melrose
alright guys I'm just kidding we're not
gonna be doing the Melrose stuff today
maybe another day when we don't have
content but today we're not gonna be
doing that basically I got robbed as you
can see they took all my boxes but they
left all the shoes for some reason I'm
just kidding again so basically there's
a trade show in Long Beach called agenda
and crept protect needed to borrow my
boxes to put on display to show these
different you know buyers and stuff like
that what the boxes look like so they
borrow the boxes they're gonna bring
them back in a few days so I don't think
I got robbed or anything like that don't
worry I'm not gonna clickbait you guys
like that but I do have something very
very special for you guys recently
there's actually been there's been like
a trend with the YouTube sneaker slash
fashion world and it's been a mystery
box like I don't know who started it but
basically what happens is it's it's kind
of like a promotional video of a company
sends the youtuber a box of mystery box
with a whole bunch of hype B stuff in it
and they open it up and it's a whole
bunch of stuff they enjoy it's been
pretty dope to see some of the stuff
they got yeah so that's pretty much what
we're gonna do and then I'm gonna start
getting ready because I have a
basketball game I actually have a
basketball game every single Thursday so
I'm gonna be getting ready for my
basketball game and until then obviously
let's watch some of these mystery
unboxings roll it
what's up guys Blake win here and in
case you guys didn't know if you guys
subscribe right now I'm gonna be giving
away a brand new pair of Beluga 2.0
frozen yellows these are not my size I'm
gonna be giving these away on just when
just keep the family winning you guys
are your do you know like you're the
best family on YouTube you know what not
you know and with that being said hit
the intro
okay so I just left the Chargers
practice right now and I'm gonna be
doing a hypebeast
on a mystery unboxing sorry I had to get
the thumbnail and I have no idea what's
in this box this box was sex this box
was sent to me from the sneaker shop in
India first off they sent me Wow 50
Supreme Box logo stickers I wasn't
expecting that at all these are pretty
cool I'm gonna put these on shop just
went calm and Wow oh my god
I wasn't expecting these at all I'm
really excited right now you could tell
by my face that I'm really excited they
kind of smelled like salt so I'm gonna
be putting these on shop just went calm
make sure you guys subscribe best
winning family on youtube which good was
good youtube it's your boy Tony digital
coming back at you with the visual you
already know what the it is your
boys out here finally do another video
for you and we bout to up but we gonna
open this up and we go and see all types
of I'm sayin slap a like hit that thumbs
up let's get it it's a mystery box you
know I'm saying shout-out to my my
peoples over at some store I don't know
I just began packages I don't know who
the sent this you know I'm saying
first off they hit me with the advil you
know I'm saying cuz I got a headache
from all these comments y'all be leaving
and then oh okay with these this feel
like some European
cat imported straight oh that died and
came back to life types you know I'm
saying like hold on I'm gonna have to
hit y'all with an awl feat of DS one
time but that's gonna be for another
video make sure y'all hit that thumbs up
you already know what the get is Tony
did you're coming at you with the visual
you know I'm saying what's going on guys
it's Jacob Starr and today I'm gonna be
unboxing a box of supreme stuff which
I'm probably gonna end up just reselling
because like I'm not gonna wear this
stuff so yeah it's whatever dude
honestly like the 4015 drop was cool but
like I'm really looking forward to the
summer 19 shop so whatever is in this
box I'm just gonna resell it and
probably just make this video like 10
minutes long so I could put some ads on
that bit oh yeah oh yeah and my
background is hella blurry because I got
a fire ass lens
so yeah Jacob Starr everyone what is
going on guys blazing they're here aka
Giancarlo and today I'm gonna be doing a
mystery unboxing for you guys I've got
about 30 pounds of chains around my neck
and we're gonna go ahead and get into it
make sure you guys subscribe and I'm
probably gonna wear all this stuff to
school tomorrow let's go ahead and see
what's in the box
prep protect I am a global brand
ambassador now so thanks to protect
$3,000 cash which is pretty cool and
we've got a brand new pair of Yeezys Wow
these are pretty cool and we've got a
letter blades and dairy
please stop wearing those damn Air Mags
at sneaker cons so that's why we got you
these Easy's did you see the chain on my
neck say that VV yes
so we just got to that's high school
this is where we've been doing our
league games we've been playing every
single Thursday me and Achmed with a
bunch of athletes old like college
homies our record is two and Oh today
we're playing a pretty good team so it
should be fun but let's get in there
Oh guys we took in a land for the people
wondering how come I didn't have a
Jersey look I literally left my Jersey
right there before I left so I look very
unprofessional I apologize maybe that's
why we lost we didn't have the image you
know I'm saying the image equals that I
don't what I'm saying guys we took the
hell I got to sneaker pickups that I
actually ordered before the new year so
technically I have not bought any shoes
in 2018 so yeah so I'm gonna go shower
I'll probably be back literally within
the two seconds of me doing this camera
spin thing so let's do that okay guys so
I'm all clean I'm all freshened up and
if you didn't notice my facial hair is a
little bit low you can see I got a nice
little butt chin right here you know I'm
saying it's the beginning of the year I
kind of wanted to start fresh I didn't
go for a bald shape but I shaved it
lower than usual
you know grow it nice and you know start
from scratch kind of no not really but I
wanted to do it a little bit lower than
usual and then regrow it out just
because I am growing out my hair so if I
grow out my hair and I let my beard go
out I'm just gonna look like a caveman
just that's a public service
announcement another public service
announcement is it's a new year I've
been saying that a lot and we need to
leave a few things behind you are a
youtuber or a vlogger please I'm asking
you I'm begging you to stop doing this
in your videos please stop doing this
for your transition shots have you guys
don't even do it right which is annoying
as hell and it's played out it should
have been stopped in 2015 and it's still
going on unfortunately please stop doing
please stop like the spinning thing that
I do you know I'm saying like that's
pretty cool you know I'm saying but this
is like 14 years old you know what I'm
saying like all right guys I'm gonna see
you guys when we get there like guys if
that doesn't impress anybody anymore
okay all right that's it I'm calm I'm
calm shout out to all the people that I
did mention earlier when I did that
little skit thingy I'm actually gonna do
my own I'm gonna be doing a mystery box
but I'm gonna be doing one for Mina and
she doesn't even know so I've got a
mystery box for her I think you know I
think we
gonna be doing that on Saturday I have
not bought a shoe all year long like I
told you but I did buy some shoes last
year that finally came this year so I'm
gonna show you guys those shoes right
now I think I showed you guys these in
my collection video these are the Kyrie
4 confetti 's when the Warriors won the
championship and Kyrie left the earth
was leaving the court to you know go to
the locker room it was a disappointing
day for them the confetti from the
warrior celebration got stuck to his
shoes so this shoe represents you know
going through the struggle of losing and
then be a finals but it's it's obviously
he's using that as motivation going into
this season so pretty cool concept I
like that a lot I did play in these
today and I gotta say they they were
pretty good on court it's one of the
more comfortable shoes on the court it
is kind of like rounded which is a
little bit different than what I'm used
to and I can definitely feel that on
court like I could feel my foot getting
pointed up like you could really see
that right there that arc all right so
that's one of my recent pickups this was
my other pick up I ordered these like
two weeks ago I got these off of gold so
that's two shoes I'm really excited for
these this is the first Nike ID I've
done since 2006 so it's been well over a
year since I did a Nike ID right around
when Nike basketball was super super
popular with like the LeBrons and the
KDS and the Kobe's Nike IDs were very
popular back when you know Nike
basketball was in its prime
unfortunately it has slowed down what I
decided to do is like alright I want to
do a Nike idea I haven't done one in a
while I want to do a Kobe because I do
like the Kobe ADEs I played in them when
I faced CJ so cool outside of his crib
I'm not gonna actually show it to you
guys today I'm gonna save this for
another video I'm really sorry to leave
a cliffhanger for you guys but this I
feel like this deserves to be the
subject of its own video so I'll
probably show it to you guys when I'm
ready to bust them out on the court
maybe for one of my league games or
whatnot but maybe for sneaker con Bay
Area I don't know yet we are at nine
hundred and twenty five thousand
subscribers we are seventy five thousand
subscribers away from one freaking
million if you are not subscribed please
guys subscribe it goes a very very long
way you don't know how much it means to
me that you guys would subscribe and
it's free you know I'm saying you ain't
paying to watch this so you might as
well subscribe you feel me uh and yeah
that's it I'm out of here
thank you for watching thumbs up if you
enjoyed the little skit and see you in
the next scene
