Oh
you
Oh
gender so there what is going on guys so
today is our last day here in beautiful
de vie and we are doing something very
adventurous in front we are going on a
safari which means we're going to be
doing a whole bunch of stuff in the
desert so that's why you don't see the
big buildings in the city so we're not
in downtown anymore we are moving
towards like the deserts and it's going
to be pretty fun as we crazy experience
I stink
yes guys you know it is the first
official day of 2017 and let's just say
there's no looking back in 2016
literally our driver doesn't have a
rearview mirror there you thought about
that 100 years or you're gonna live in
LA I come here you don't let it fail
it'll last you lower than it is so I
haven't enough simply take the game chin
expose just your finger and it is it now
I'm crazy right oh my god oh my god oh
my god look here thank you thank you
would you say am i late - bye
anything wild in the we wild it but you
say when you into fine
you gotta fit it got a death someone
looks like a God is walking through the
desert that was it
together we're easy guys this is Loki
hella fun out here in the desert we took
some sick pictures we're going to do the
snowboarding right now not snowboarding
we could do this stand boarding right
now they have ATVs I don't know if we
going to the ATVs but then there's like
a little dinner a barbecue dinner and
then like belly dancing so the vibes are
sick get me five what can you tell
so I look like a totally spitting Handa
now you guys get out of that outfit
that's a good thing
sorry guys so now it is time to rub
reading some weird I don't know just
dispense what is this Jesus this is what
is it straight though it's like Joe it's
not me crazy this looks like me has us
me onion though this is what the Oreo
fried Oreo cookie alert Christmas Day
bottoms up sometimes you got to live in
the wild
good Bob go it reminds me of like a
Middle Eastern version about Hawaiian
luau am I having a good time though we
want to cut with dirtnow don't give away
your idea yeah thousand degree knife
challenge going soon coming through
my bed for the fires over there
good morning gentlemen GOG gonna happen
in 30 minutes so you guys gonna get
breakfast before we go there for going
on offline and saying good morning to
you too well you better be ready all
right guys we'll check it out of the
room now making sure we don't forget
anything okay like us
let's go to either laptop and in Dubai
um blessings man lady she did a good -
laughs you look so many luggages this is
all under what G one two three four five
six
what a fact that he remember you yet I
presented you you cooking brother
speaking the whole country got it you
all right guys so this is actually a
topic that I want to address I've been
getting a few tweets here and they're
asking my opinion on something regarding
one of my friends one of my good friends
Adam as you guys know him so I know I'm
got a pair Easy's I didn't well I don't
know where he got them from or whatever
it was let's just take a look at how he
opened the box because it was very
cringe-worthy youtuber so we love you
guys she got the V tooth you gonna copy
that onto but ah what is he well but I
had to do it Adam
the easy boy pull it out there's a
little hole you pull it out all of a
sudden fence expose expose Adam now I'm
just kidding but no seriously though
Adam femme please you know all you have
to do with slide the Box open it
personally doesn't bother me I don't
even keep my boxes when it comes to easy
but a lot of people you know they think
get mad when you destroy the box so for
future reference if you need help for
opening up the easy box you got my
number call me FaceTime me I will
definitely guide you through it but
anyway Adam we love you if you guys want
to watch Adams unboxing I'll link it
down below my fans get tired yeah last
time in the apartment was even now again
making sure we didn't get anything play
sad music right now tears tears any more
work to your haters you gave them a good
100 other day happening guys the biggest
turn of events right now it is currently
two like thirty are sliders supposed to
leave at three and we're still here in
the main check-in area of the airport
and here's what happened so basically we
were checking in our flight was
overbooked we wanted to even upgrade
there was no upgrade available
everything was over packed so they're
like yo this is what we're going to do
is if you guys are going to stay an
extra day in Dubai we leave tomorrow at
8:00 a.m. they're giving us free hotel
and on top of that because the
inconvenience they're giving us a free
round trip back to the by any time this
year so that means we get a free trip
from Los Angeles to the by literally any
time we want for all four of us free
hotel tonight let's just say we live in
lavish
included food included so I have no idea
what we're going to do for the rest of
the day I don't know we're going to do
for the rest of the day but ladies oh my
God look at that bruise I slipped on my
luggage the other day and I hit the wall
so yeah we got an extra day here in the
Y so let's just say like you guys making
new friends alright guys so it's
literally been like 12 15 hours since
you guys since I last vlog at the
airport I've just been sleeping yeah we
gotta head out now go to the airport so
I'll see you guys at the airport and
we're going back to Cali man hi there
gung ho and more symbolic and present
shut after their corporate shut up to
the transportation
you laughing coming back to economy
where you belong
this class is to book friendless to say
two more hours and so we board up or we
leave actually our in like 40 minutes
until we board that boy is hungry
take me to eat where you guys trying to
go eat McDonald's chicken your chance
it's going to be my last meal fattening
meal I'm going to go on a very strict
diet and gym grind when I get well not
strict diet but I'm going to cut a lot
of things out of my life I know I said
this before you knew me
I'm like the boy that cried wolf the
other thing they didn't believe me the
first person on point cuttable and every
single guy screech perilous to say y'all
got to put him in check no no not them
your friend that's actually I use my
brain for success this year means my
body is a world champion conditions
whatever madam I enjoy my McDonald's
right now final steps to the buy right
now man what on stuff to do but if I not
online
shining on you in Dubai oh hey don't
shoot them an attitude what would you
follow ah last recipe
even though we don't have business class
that's life because it was full we do
have an emergency exit row so we're
we're doing good so check this out
lot of pain right now we got about and
four hours six hours Ben
you
