hi guys so we are starting the vlog out
on this beautiful yacht right here
rachis house life is good all the time
all the time
thank you ready he puts all of it no let
me push you all did you to jump in there
you know forgive me you knocked over
give me a relic oh we have you thumbs up
all right you want me to do it so like a
storytelling both I like to say new
business which you got on your feet done
with me key points on you need you can
oh yeah breach of the bus oh my god you
can use this particular review yeah I
imagine I change that culture you
because is another level this is another
level
Russia's giving us a tour of the yacht
right now lil yachty but the pain a
little boat oh my god there's multiple
bedroom this is your really out what the
hell is your hotel hey RAF you guys all
over this yeah crazy I would not be able
to sleep
I know I'm getting more eco a Stephanie
I call it have any fire don't fire
Leila I don't open those they get a sub
beautiful or you're on it for me for
your channel TVN says I call God we give
you my channel then I come on the main
channel business start creating my
youtube channel for yacht let's just say
it comes to repair you yeah yes with the
seven seas like that and then $54 unit
people know how that looks like yes you
are right
simply I get down get down oh oh my god
this is beautiful man that to say we
might have to do Titanic bars in the
front when you come to America I'll take
you to a lake we'll take you on a paddle
boat that's not nothing compares is
beautiful
these fools are wild ruff hold on to the
pole the whole time oh my god a big was
coming
like a rollercoaster so check this out
we just got done from the yacht we had a
great time for me and Raj's we want to
show you guys an exclusive look out here
the other day we really show you guys a
better look
I'd say boosted Jordans store here and
divide this is the only one in the
Middle East so we're going to go in here
and check it out and see what they got
like good yeah quality do it again yeah
what's your favorite these are all the
work you want to campuses I know there
are any did you have lucky yes just a
little double-time swing
a little restless I actually sold my
favorite I like these these are these I
want the discipline but you know I've is
important for me when I saw that sign
yes are you done or rhythm of that was
with us in the earth can you give me
this yeah you have to have to go what iw
what about western after people who
think my the court decision not like the
farm we heroism
he liked them I like them but I don't to
pay for them
yeah I didn't really get said he was
you're gonna get this you enough like a
spaceship if you want you to shooting in
stores that uh along better walkable
awesome yeah
well I guess relieved in the store I was
a good enough Megan this is for anyone
now they don't have your size i don't
have a size bill to say let me show you
guys this wall right here
over a thousand docs created i jump man
right there is it your size you like
that yeah well I want it in my side your
brother at yeah I think I'm back here by
see shirt the device you gonna go to
another story go south is Jordan divider
alright guys so we didn't buy anything
from the Jordan stories once you guys
just look at the shoes they got in there
and we're going to go to another store
because Russia to survive some sneakers
for basketball because we've got to fall
and you are ankles not going to break my
ankle you always yg with you a break-in
Noah kizomba stories to bring connect to
that guy because I was lucky I reached
on perfect
oh yeah hang on I did I know what did
you left them oh thank god so we bout to
call it a night man I'm dead tired so
basically the time difference between
here and Cali is 12 hours so when I'm
supposed to upload here to think about
it is I've been falling asleep like at
11 p.m. every day here but today I'm
going to edit get everything up and
running and the video is going to be
uploaded by like 1 p.m. so yeah so
that's the reason for that tomorrow we
get to go to rosh its form so we get to
check out his zoo and that should be fun
and tomorrow with New Year's Eve which
means that tomorrow at midnight we'll be
going into 2017 so the epicures 2016 is
coming to a close that is coming to an
end and I'm done in gym crew family
episode in the area
