guys we woke up and we felt this vibe
all the clouds are Vanitas and it is
just beautiful it's so bright you can't
see it right now look you're under us
it's insane but it's currently what 9
almost 10 a.m. and everyone's hungry
everyone's hungry but you know Mina
still getting ready these guys haven't
showered I showered everyone's hungry so
what I said is I would take one for the
team and I'm going to go grab everybody
food from the Malta where we're staying
is attached to the mall so it can't be
for everybody listen I think you're
shopping - Michael that's what a pair
we're on the menu right now on the
website trying to figure out what
everybody wants to get alright so I'm
gonna go get hello stuff I know your
side
hey your side don't change and
you know
then check this out get our beautiful
view of cloud sis we got our beautiful
dinner and KFC dinner dressing breakfast
papa
Bravo be good oh yeah thank you can they
be just wheat swag
we just got through the Dubai Marina and
we are about to go on a little boat ride
with me and Mina our we're going to go
on this little boat ride and take a
little cruise around and it should be
dope it should be a sight to see what is
it
I get away the swaggy life jacket and
I'm saying Russian stickers not really
really come out everyone okay yeah
all right this hotel right here is the
only one star hotel in the world or
something like that really nice like a
tennis court at the very top unlike a
circle platform it's ridiculous
challenging my hair
our driver is going wild on there I'll
go we got ready for like an hour
I'm in it all into it you never ran a
girl warrior gate so that was actually
really fun it was really really fast but
it was it was like relaxing and it was a
rush at the spring right here we heard
you the first 10 times
it was fun we got to see some pain we
got to see the seven star hotel and we
get to take our touristy pig it's been a
long time
shouldn't it left you without some cold
heat the flex - I met you I was blessed
to you profess to never feeling the same
because you'll actually stress you that
says a lot about how you like to now
education on your next steps alright
guys are you guys oh the food just came
in we're at this restaurant I don't even
know if this restaurant calls but you
got chicken and waffles here but you
hang out with other friends who are
vloggers you got to make sure you don't
vlog at the same time hi major key
so we just got to JB our shout out to
JBL we just got the JB our Beach we're
going to walk around and check this area
out of Dubai
this is a reason why I do what I do it
this don't take me okay okay
this is a girl that was playing
a little photo shoot by this nice little
painting over here there's a lot of
artwork here on the streets reminds me
of Venice but wait wait cleaner if
you've been to Venice
you know how ratchet it can get over
there no disrespect though it's so humid
and hot out here it's like draining all
of us we're all fatigued we want to go
back to the room and rest but what we're
going to do fatigue them let's say
where's the salmon
oh my god you well back we've been back
at the room for a little bit and we
honestly I was personally so tired today
I don't know what it was maybe it was
the weather or what it was hot and it
draining me like I said earlier so we
came back to the room and now we're all
going to go to this theme park
it's an indoor theme park so that's good
money kicks it here moles logs is here
you guys might know more vlogs use
another youtuber out here in Dubai okay
okay we're going to leave me you were
sleeping cranky let's go I gotta deal
with so far in Dubai my man what's up
Pamela what is it going to be we are
here you go it's always in my case Brian
to say whatever you want to just before
I did hey I get that I get that
oh my god you well man I feel so best
are they honest back I guess back again
with the men so so brother diversity
where is Siddartha is that all of that
all over the next youtuber Secret
Service vlogs in the man thank you for
appreciate much it sucks respectively
no put some respect on your name can we
do the drone on the roller coaster now
and yesterday's well you say you're not
a high beat now is I be what you were in
today sir also what's up kid
okay so I think the day is here believe
me I know because they keep like I don't
even work
alright guys going in the haunted house
I'm feeling the power 0 oh my gosh okay
so we just did this freaking haunted
house again I can't stand to see I mean
I'm not scared of any of the things but
with this Vegas lion-o when they pop out
at you from different angles one time
only Thomas yeah they made me go first
but it was so fun but it was just like
you don't say I'm psyched
Keep Calm something I'm not about that
life this is a key open that's so good
yeah thought the first part of the cast
is essentially pretty good I'll be
walking on that later yeah he'll be like
hey you want you gzz this ride is hella
fun guys we did that right flight my
hair by your cheek
this place is long another with
speechless if they've an ask them but
you got answer this precious give one
word to slug it Diddy anybody remember
this gaming expo
we're IMD world and that's not cool
we are wearing stop trying to make it
pop I'm talking about Jenny he's a
veteran of tapenade true that I'm
talking about the kids start out all the
boys into five we make it anyway my
answer is it does not matter you are
right Senator Robert love Rogers a lot
of HTTP issue yes don't you go do the
video huge had to pull the street wait
this a bakery has ordered 160 wings
right now and somewhat what declutter
Tommy
of course we got all our wings here tell
me how atomic all these wings here and
look at this any job that they need to
do this in America they give you gloves
so you don't take this down yes they
don't take Noelle's and have a more
creamy rush it and yg just had a little
contest you can eat the most atomic
wings right how long they both did it
though I don't know how they did it but
I imagine kudos to them you get killed
it you go through this I'm gonna throw
up
you good I'm gonna see me I stopped
smoking system yeah he took like a
champion I'm proud of you I can't even
evil Brock any mini hot cheetos without
crying it's awesome place you put the
foot I stand
yeah I can't do anything spicy but
anyway guys we're leaving here the theme
park is now closed
we got to stay a little bit longer extra
even though it's empty because you know
we had no orders I'm metaphysical
Connie's idea that's going to be crazy
cause pretty doesn't counting you coming
up order yeah I am we're going to take
over Fort Lauderdale just know families
and London crew you're not going to come
to Cleveland over you going to come to
London I'm going to London London is the
colourful Savoy that's wise much better
oh yeah huh it's like twelve hours for
me I think he didn't want you yesterday
I said what do you guys need Alba needed
to retain stuff on internet about your
car see first of all I went foreign case
of the military doesn't photos and I did
yeah it is the second-to-last day of the
year now it is currently December 30th
2016 2 more years two more years two
more days left and what was an epic year
for me I'm gonna have a bite on my leg
so I just want to thank you guys for all
tuning into this Dubai Dubai vlogs the
past few days out out to everyone who's
been finding us throughout the malls and
things like that and showing so much
love and support
shout out to Russia's for taking us
around and showing us love and I hope
these vlogs have been on you know
enjoyable for you guys to finish off
what was a great year for the crew oh my
god talk about something like you cannot
override you see right here okay this is
a big ol annoying that another reason
that's that it breaks any last words
yeah right good night oh wise words from
a decent man all right guys I'm out of
here hit that thumbs up if you enjoyed
and peace this is what oh my god you
well Mac I feel so bad
money on a stack
