pretty out barbecue all assenting Jake
all right guys so we are finally out of
McDonald's and I feel a lot of downtown
LA vibes in this area that we are in
there's a lot of like bargain shops and
things like that
was everyone got uneasy
I didn't get the v1 memo
how to put up all right guys so we are
at a gold speak right now it's a whole
bunch of swords that fell like jewelry
and gold and all this expensive stuff
I don't like it because there's too many
whatever too many people here and I get
like I have a weak immune system so I'm
getting I feel like I'm getting sick
right now
this is hard guys so we are finally out
of that downtown area we are now at the
Emirates Mall look at this beautiful
beautiful setting here how nice and
we're about to actually link up with
Russia and the crew and I think we're
going to be doing something very very
fun so let's go ahead and find them I'm
a shooter with text right now
while she got the EZ memo all right guys
so we just had a very very great dinner
at this Chinese food restaurant i'ma
show you guys what we're about to do
we're about to do something epic
something that I'm speaking
super-excited
hi guys so we are going to go
snowboarding here at the Emirates Mall
look at money kicking doors family yes
he's prepared it's a nice walk talk
oh you brought it from home
so yeah we brought the snowboards they
have a full freaking rope inside the
mall it's crazy
we're about that hella fun during this
I'm gonna put this camera away but
yesterday we got the GoPro alright guys
let me tell you something so morning is
not easy over here
hahaha
I heard about that I do it Oh lost the
glove guy
alright I'm doing man I'm doing a little
behold alright guys so we just got done
snowboarding I am dead tired that was
hella fun yet one yeah course you're the
most advanced we stopped Boise oh I'm
beat
- islands that we bought in the
beginning because we Rose together we
fell together
Wow beautiful without a beautiful giver
one word 100 dedicated to swag
haha
I like these video if you like it oh do
do a bit after the guy saw me what do
you watch them
how's your MA a laxative yeah yeah Loki
do you wear that right now honey cake
then come on Rach get our guys we came
into Nike and what who are you gonna buy
those for for my attempt on Z princess
princess yeah so yeah we're sneaker
shopping and guys I found the craziest
come up right now these are not sold in
America they're getting my size for the
nine year I can't hold it you but I'm
going to show you guys you like these
are know you like the wolf then it's not
like things that we say like Jordans
over Jordans over everything
yeah they are doing some of the - stop
then you have an easy Escalade your hide
your IP so these are exclusive to
overseas I believe it's not a what's
that Kyrie but this is like the
turquoise fell away it's not an all
white colourway so I'm so happy they
have these they're so dope though but
everything on it let me explain it so
look it up here everything is different
so look this strap now different oh yeah
this is this is
the bodies even the fuchsias different
this is a client oil everything let me
know everything I love Kyrie I just
collect the Tyrese alone where I guess I
talked so much smack about Nike lately
but I just left with two pairs but I
couldn't pass up on those sky trees man
I'm about to mark something off my
bucket list right now guys something
very very huge about to take my first
drive inside the custom easy 350
Escalade I'm excited about this guys I'm
very excited
