so on New Year's guys we're going to be
watching this firework show which is the
world's greatest fireworks show that's
the building we're staying at and these
are all the fire are you guys can see it
on freaking president a fourth of July
on New Year's and we're going to the
mall we're going to check out some
stores II my fingers because they're to
adidas course here to adidas stores here
I think that Jordan can buy store is
here too and we have special guests
coming in a few hours so stay tuned this
whole week is going to be amazing this
you guys can probably tell that the mole
looks super dead right now and that's
because it literally opened like two
minutes ago
with the Wiesenthal guys
I'll go looking for it everywhere man
I'm on the block yeah but I will do it
what up man he didn't shout out first of
all to my family tell us to my cousin I
shout out to you and shout out to Nina
to
these are decorative you
they got these Jordan divisors i'ma have
to get a few of these guys we will sit
there from the ticket and I guess they
keep on eleven no the by sneaker company
huh what the first minute you got it I
think it so this store is small but
they've got dope stuff and they've got
like this exclusive to Jordan Dubai
stuff and they've got a few retrofitting
as well so that's pretty dope man hey yo
shout-out to the Jordan store at the
Dubai Mall
they showed mad love they were hella
nice in there got some stuff check out
the bag even the baguette stick it says
Jordan the Dubai Mall so here that was
pretty dope man see this small house
Jordan Brand stuff and then they have
this type of stuff Mena just bought some
of these traditional dresses traditional
like I don't know I really don't know
how to describe this stuff
guys there's a store over here it's
called like level up and they have these
just chill in here which is a little
crazy to me and this is not just like a
huge size of the regular size look at
that rainbow sneakers whose man's is
this Mario you good sense all right guys
so we came back to the adidas store
because it's less hectic but they have
these right here and a lot of people
going crazy for these I have the black
bear that I got from Mac part they don't
have my size in this white hair I call
these the Oreo BMWs not sure what's up
all of a sudden alright guys so we are
back at the apartment now after being at
the mall for like five hours we are so
so tired I just want to show you guys
what we got from the Jordan Dubai store
so this is the first half that they had
on display it's just the Jordan logo the
jump man with the Dubai under it and
then they said they also had one with
the Arabic writing on the hat and they
got this one from the back and this was
the last one and as you guys can see you
got the Jumpman logo and then it says
Dubai and Arabic so this one is super
super clean and I also got this t-shirt
right here and then again it has the
arabic writing they had these right here
I got these from my niece and I think
these even this size sold out back in
the stage so I thought I would get it
out here but let's just say aloni she
won't be jamming in the Space Jam so I
got the space jams for her this is for
when she's about three to three to six
months excited to have these and get
these for her she'll be able to wear
these in about a month or two so yeah
she's gonna be in that space jam bars
you know I'm saying we might have to
take a matching picture also Nina has to
come up of all come up today she is so
lucky that they had her size I'm still
looking for that nine and a half Y which
is the men's nine and a half
she got a velvet 11 how lucky man these
are just so freakin sexy yeah these are
so freaking dope man these are crazy
like oh my god alright guys so now we're
gonna take a break and rest after I rest
a little
I will finish after three weeks away
from these guys finally reunited one boy
I did
you got just four occasions like this
why I need oh my gosh this is it this is
crazy
I'm going from low tea alright guys
somehow someway we ended up back at the
mall but this time we are with fire kick
why us
they made it back from Pakistan well not
back well they made it from Pakistan and
they've been out there for two weeks you
know it's a bring down guys I've been
trying to get these guys have Shake
Shack for so long now and now they can
finally have it I'm excited for them but
let's just say it's never as good as the
original self New York's always the best
DC's always good it's really good
quality the always looks good Mars would
be supposed to say chef kite our guys so
we just got done eating at this
chocolate bar my man right here oh man
how you doing good how are you doing I'm
good good man enjoying thank you for
everything bro what's up hit much I
cannot wait to see the EZ escalator
we're going to see soon I'm aware my
aunt and bring up but in France I'm with
a good idea what is that Hong Kong I
brought my b2 so
you okay we have a lot of fun guys
where are we going right now come on
come we're going to the flight we're
going to the haunted house oh man
nothing
look son
oh you took it away
hi guys so we played basketball I lost
twice man
Rock did you cheated men you cheated
I'd be like I don't got to do what that
Oh
oh don't write
president so we found these in a size
thing elephant earlier no wasn't over
there
you can get it again and get it but what
is the money here called there hum
theorem theorem 448 Durham City which
equals what 100 120 bucks yeah Huber no
and these are like 140 now no not
anymore they raise the price and that's
primeknit
you see a hundred to eight hundred eight
hundred dirham 242 16 that's more
expensive doesn't go for like 250 back
home son then I got you these on day huh
yeah yeah man y'all read it out here
like we got to make an announcement
right now money kicks is a officially
part of the crab protect team yeah
welcome to the family so I should clean
the world you're going to buy all these
right thing we all have to have to do it
okay we'll buy this we'll pretend we're
going to buy that thank you they get
ready not with code protects yeah Java
code protect we're going to be actually
they just announced sneaker con is
coming to London in May yeah and
protects gonna have like five boots so
you got to be that you got to make sure
you copy there will be there man it's
going to be crazy yeah look how
beautiful the Burj Kalifa look right now
Wow
I just got back from Barbados shout out
to some rocket body for giving me new
motivation I gave you some time but now
nothing can stop me I'm giving you
lessons like mr. Miyagi don't get
aggressive cause I'm from Karachi I'm
making this music like I'm Liberace I'm
repping yourself with your picture for
life yeah I'm good I've been working
through it these are fake up and I'm
gonna make a look out the chipster you
guys there you go it actually sticks up
look hi guys so this as you guys have
seen Russia's custom Yeezy Escalade it
went viral so tell us what made you want
to do this hour just sitting and the
jacuzzi I don't think you thing I want
to do something violent so thought about
this and I do this it's beautiful that a
lot of people talking about this back
home in the state look he's even got the
booth right here what the Douglas yeah
let's get there soon ha ha ha take it
out on the front right here you got the
they're sitting on the front
you did good fam alright guys so we are
back at the apartment right now but I
call it a night that's it man we had a
crazy fun day and it was just day one
tomorrow's gonna be another fun day oh
yeah there's a potential meet in Greece
so many of you guys came to the mall
when you found out I was there and when
they were there and when money kicks was
there and you got this different people
showed us all love and it was dope so
we're thinking about throwing a meet and
greet let us know if you guys are really
want us to have it we might have it on
Thursday I think but stay tuned to my
Twitter and snapchat for more
information about that we're waiting on
Russia to finalize all the details and
we'll get back to you guys on when and
where please hit that thumbs up for the
dough vlogs
