what's going on everybody was a dream
crew family so a lot going on today
I leave the country in exactly 7 hours
and 32 minutes so we will be leaving to
Dubai today and I'm very excited is
going to be my first time out there I
got a lot to do I got to go by like
travel essentials like shampoo and
travel deodorant and all that all those
little tiny mini miniature thingies I
have to leave to the airport like around
5:00 and it's 1:30 now so trying to get
all that done I need to eat Mina's
somewhere getting her nails done or I
don't know she's her hair done nails
done I don't know what the hell she's
doing she's around here somewhere but
I'm gonna go pick her up I also try to
want to what if I have time and I'm
going to go buy some sneakers if not I'm
just just focusing on the trip I don't
know why I'm trying to even buy shoes
but the inner sneaker head in me came to
my house let me tell you guys I know
what's the song of all phones right here
living single by Big Sean the best part
right here ready I'll put me in the mix
you're letting my my head see much
getting a bunch of things we need for
the trip on getting a new GoPro battery
if this GoPro stick I don't know if this
clip is what is this one thing I always
do when I come to target as I open a
candy and I eat it to a fourth pay for
it so as long as you pay that's all that
matters all right guys so I literally
was coming to my apartment complex and
the fennec these are dropping this off
that's it can I see the name on it and
it was my name and I'm like what the
hell is this I was not expecting this at
all a little big curry 3 what the hell
yeah three zero and the cone so to open
it in here oh my god what the hell this
is freaking insane
classes right here put these on maybe
flag
okay so basically I'm assuming these are
all over Chris that's too small for the
league three-time all-star three-point
champion NBA champion MVP 73 and 9 and
no ring make that old break the glass to
make that ol place on you a goggles
before using the break bar to break the
glass okay we're going to use this to
break it I hope you don't want to break
it here goes nothing this is chicken so
sick dude
this concept is so dope all right let's
take out all these glass pieces right
here so let's see what they got here
here
all right so we got some some speakers
right here something right here and then
on the inside it says I will this is
sick you got a curry long-sleeve t-shirt
on the sleeve it says the curry 3 logo
on the back it says make that old and
it's got the picture of the curry
degrees with the shattered glass now the
Swiss adjust sneakers that they sent me
also it's in a sold bag so that's a tote
bag 3 even oh okay we got the curry 3
this is what all the curries come with I
believe in these two cards right here
hell yeah I was actually going to cop
these loans right here they have three
colorways coming out for Christmas I
believe and this is one of them but this
is my favorite color way out of the
three brothers Wow happy I got them
shout out to the Under Armour family for
sending me these I think they killed it
man
this is a very dull colorway I hope he
plays in this colorway on Christmas Day
that would be pretty dope bruh I'm done
that was that was a great way to end a
year in sneakers right there this
packaging was crazy I might open these
on honestly I might play with these
going to be one of those NBA players
that play just glasses
alright guys so while we're waiting in
the line I asked her to go get me a
drink from coffee beam which is
literally right there she says my
finishing of yep ask for a Pepsi I said
I need a pest energy a complete new
sugar bean I said can I give me a Pepsi
she said no the lines too long guys look
at the line
this man's in his all right guys so we
finally got to the counter five hours
late not five hours later the plane is
literally filled up and they gave us the
option to upgrade to business class we
got a good deal on it
so we decided to actually do it so we're
sitting business class so let's just say
snapchats going to be live I thought we
deserve it as a vacation you know what
you know what to say you know why it was
okay with doing business class high
because last year on New Year's I was
sitting in my room editing and now this
year on New Year's I'm in Dubai so it's
like small about the hard work of 2016
we get to just enjoy it and even if it's
a little pricey to upgrade to business
class it will be worth it because it get
to relax to myself
well Oracle other electronic devices
this upgrade was worth every single
penny hitting next time I go onto
we get all types of plug this is for
watching movies I hope that there's some
good movie
motivation it's always motivation I
don't do anything to show off because
like I said last year around this time I
was in my room we've been on the floor
on my mattress writing notes in months
in my journal for what videos I wanted
to make in 2016 I'm going to use this
trip as motivation to because on New
Year's when I'm looking at up at the
prior word I'm going to it motivates me
because I'm going to want these
opportunity to be able to travel again
look what I bought you
now I'm just going through this right
stay inside what's the case I just hope
I got enough it's not precise you gotta
judge you gotta also hear about three
hours in flight I already watched one
movie which was war dog
is like a little more lounge and you've
actually seen keep working log same
exact aircraft actually kill them this
little form that your penis not same
exact plane but
David Armand so mr. president over here
French hang out you know tapped out
right now call the eager to please and
I'm just enjoying the affinity
why not
one of these mares that
wait that makes me mellow ugly
45 more minutes left on the flight I
took a nap and I share that taking the
nap but I kept Celine I think it's not
for eight hours and then we woke up at
breakfast
I'm watching an inception identity and
I'll opium Sabbath cannot add to the
crazy and dope experience shut up
Everett upgrade my my flight going back
home please
I was appreciated
I guess so these guys are all waiting
for an hour they said they're going to
give a shout out I shout out to IKEA
more they have a look at you guys have a
lot of noise this one first okay he's my
my table jacket fall guys to grab up and
calling ballers no shout out shout out
to my brother so you can meet him what
you're in the floor film the shooter
shoutouts and money kicks he arranged
for us to have driver pick us up so they
had like our name on the paper that's
like before we the second time in my
life
alright guys so we just got picked up on
the airport
we just got dropped off to where we are
staying it's not a hotel this is
literally this is paradise this is
insane
we are staying at the Burj Khalifa which
is the world's tallest building and we
are staying in apartments in the Burj
Khalifa a big thanks to the homie
Raschid aka money kicks for making this
happen
wow man I want to show you guys
everything but I'm going to make you
guys wait until tomorrow's vlog because
I feel like today's vlog goes long
enough so I'm just going to show you
guys the view and I'll show you guys the
hole okay I'll show you the apartment
this is the living room this is the
dining room I'll give you guys a full
house tour tomorrow but I just want to
show you guys the quick view oh my god I
know you guys can't hit too good because
my reflection in the window it's good of
your fun week man let's get it man again
shout out to rush it okay money kicks
appreciate it
oh my god Wow then you get to watching
hit that thumbs up goodbye
we are here I'm out of here peace you
ain't got the time in this day
anything I can see it all in your face
