you could say thank you that people want
to know what's your new year's
resolution
to lose weight go to the gym more often
to who what else I need to make the
resolution
I don't have one yet to hear about that
I surely don't know I heard about that I
haven't heard about that resolution list
yet we're gonna work on that alright
guys so yeah we're gonna grow right now
I don't have a resolution I don't
believe in to that that stuff I feel
like every morning you should have a new
resolution by going to the gym every
morning and then planning on going the
next you just be good gassing them up
for the comments now shout out to swag
by the way I busted out the suede
Elevens today only to realize I come
outside and it's about to rain so I have
to change my shoes because then no he'll
know they'll get destroyed the quality
on these you spray them with crap
no actually did it that's why I rushed
off the house spray them and then walk
out with four should I wear instead
should I undies two pairs of sneakers
today
I have to change my shoes I'm wearing
these things now
what you doing here fat I need
directions you need directions he loves
ya I'm thinking back to the IDE
okay anybody know any way is it sober
can I get it right yeah this is this is
uberx extreme extreme okay what are we
doing here we're popping up at B sneak
Blake lender pop-up that he's got going
on we thought we'd come say what's up
ready show those support him oh yeah to
the young sneakerheads you know I'm
saying
all right guys let me just get into the
pop-up it's pretty cracking right now
you go out here Shattuck hisen Kenny for
comes through in Chapter number coming
through Melrose this weekend already
know how's the pop-up in it's been good
so far so good
one of the game tonight but you know bro
shout out to Josh dear dear
so they got like the Xbox going over
there you got candy over here we got the
keymaster over there it has you an
attraction attraction how much 16 I love
so we just left the pop-up shop back in
the limo chillin sneakers up hanging out
can we just take this to the bike drive
drive it out there hopefully it makes
across the water yeah yeah man
guys show love to Blake another fellow
youtuber and sneaker head this
collection is growing yeah I think you
surpassed me with all his TV is
undefeated and you know I don't I don't
really go for those types of things I'm
more of like a easy hypebeast type of
guy but one day maybe one day you know
I'm saying I'll get on kidneys level I'm
coming for you fin I'm like a couple
thousand behind my god no more messing
around dog I got so many things to do
before tomorrow so I'm gonna go to
Ralph's real quick I don't know why I'm
gonna Ralph and I gotta go back home
pack and do all that good stuff before
we leave the country tomorrow so I'm
trying to pack here and it's not going
so good these things you got these for
retail congratulations this is by far
one of the best Jordans quality-wise
that came out all year long matches my
head you know what I call these I call
these the September 2015 because they
remind me of my bedsheets they remind me
of my bedsheets when I moved to LA and I
grinded and busted until I'm eight wait
what yeah super sick I warm today I had
to take them off because it started
raining and I didn't get to use the
crapper tick spray on them if I would
have just sprayed this on there it would
have repelled the rain I completely
forgot
so yeah crap Patek next time I wear
these I'm definitely gonna be doing this
because I don't want this quality to get
messed up I don't know why my raspy
voice is so raspy let me show you the
quality on the inside of these quilted
leather insole and it's good quality
suede on the inside people tweeted me
and asked me if they thought this was
worth the retail price absolutely bruh
absolutely I'll take these overall these
ez-zor here and that
a bold statement on my behalf look at
that man look at that this is what you
call finishing the year off strong for
Jordan Brand and this sneaker right here
makes me very excited for what Jordan
Brand has in store in 2017 I also got a
package which I ordered from PacSun and
it was all the fair god stuff that I
ordered online I got a few stuff in
store here's the dope thing when you
order it online they came in this
sick-ass packaging look at the fog logo
on there it's not too much it's simple
but it's just like it adds that extra
touch like I didn't expect to get that
and that's what I was like oh wow that's
dope so I took my other fear of God
stuff and I put them in these little
packages so that these are the stuff I'm
not gonna wear probably until next year
I bought the socks so originally these
socks the fear of God socks came in each
one of those but it's little things like
that that make me appreciate what I buy
more the sneaker con team did text me
the full list of potential cities for
sneaker con 2017 and I'm not allowed to
say any of them until the dates are
confirmed as well as the venue but I
gotta say man where I'm going to a lot
of cities that I've never been to let me
tell you guys something sneaker cons you
know we do the meetups we take pictures
we sell merch but I want to do more I
want to do more than just that I want to
do different things and that's why I
came up with this hoops classic idea and
it was a success you guys loved it we're
bringing it to a few cities in 2017 but
what about the other cities so I have
pitched another idea to the sneaker con
team and they loved it and I think we're
gonna have a meeting when I get back
from Dubai but force need any sneaker
call next year to talk about that and
basically I want to take things to the
next level I want to entertain you guys
rather than just doing meetups I mean I
still want to I'm still gonna do the
meet-up portion and sell my merch and
hang out with you guys but how can we
create something special in every city
I'll give you guys more info once we
come up with the whole game plan and
figure things out but even if you came
to one last year and you met us there
you're gonna want to come again when we
come again because we're gonna be doing
some dope different stuff and I hope you
guys are excited as I am it's like a
raining outside
this is ridiculous all right so I'm
gonna start packing up again I've lost
hope for my sneaker collection like this
this is none of all this is not gonna
get organized until next year so I'm
just gonna put things aside and then
I'll figure out the display portion of
it next year yeah
