so I come outside in a sweater on with
another jacket to put on top of the
sweater thinking is going to be hella
cold and then this thing right here just
shines on me and I start getting so
freakin hot what is this man it is
December its December 22nd and I'm
thinking burning hot California what is
wrong with you
I guess I just got done for my haircut
and look who's pulls up outside so I
could shown the stewardess a limited
quantity of I still got some available a
little kick right honestly it looks like
really like life like your vision the
vision was cool but came back it came
out way better to be honest I got some
giddy Street infant expression the
office it's a I'm always going to know
the time then get another
why are we at a museum town cuz I never
Erica to do ours person you know no
we're at a museum it's because it has to
do with speakers pretty random I woke up
this morning and I saw on Instagram that
they have like a sneaker culture
exhibition where it shows a whole bunch
of speakers you excited so excited I
can't you tell on my son I have the ball
music culture
four so this whole room is just filled
with knickers from Brad I'm just going
to show you a quick glimpse this is the
first speaker in this play and then let
me show you guys the last nigger on
display this is crazy
what do I got to say man what do I got
to say so I'm trying to go through the
speakers based on order of when they
were invented and created bro like tap
dancing shoes what are these
Garrison's the Garrison's whatever the
hell that is
this is the most popular converse this
is from 1958 converse all-stars
obviously we all know what converse
all-stars are obviously they're still
popular till this day I would say that
that sneaker right there that silhouette
it's probably the most recognizable
sneaker of all time
one thing that's really beautiful about
speakers is that 20 years later 30 years
later you can still wear certain models
because they still look good that's why
retros and my fans and my converse and
like then list they will always be
around they're legendary and that's why
it's so important to know your sneaker
culture in your sneaker history it's
because like you don't you if you make
fun of someone wearing a pair of stands
in this you look like an idiot because
that's it's a classic you know what I'm
saying
I remember actually had these in junior
high he's a convert through a weapon
what are they called yet weapon and I
wore them for about a month and my foot
garroted
I think we're about to get into
everybody's favorite the Jordan
you
that's Marathi one-way what 100's I
thought I got a salty pit alright guys
so this wall right here is all the
Jordan this is an original pair right
here from 1985 and they got in Jordan
tooth
followed by the Jordan 3 followed by the
these are all these aren't just
retrofitting here these are oh gee oh is
on display beautiful man all the way to
the 23 is over here oh my god I've never
seen the shoe in person I've seen a lot
of sneakers in person I have never seen
this shoe in person I've seen this shoe
in person because perfect pair has that
right there I've never seen this one in
person that's pretty great with this one
right here that has to be the dopest
speaker that I've seen on display today
okay so that's dewy something I've never
seen before but this right here this is
the newest technology this is the newest
sneaker of all sneakers the adidas
future crabs they have a sample pair
right here look at this oh my god you
know it's crazy about these you can see
the printed midsole from the bottom of
the shoe which is really crazy they
replace the boots with the printed
midsole that is freaking insane to me I
would love to try those shoes on oh yeah
this is a lacrosse section right here
bro and here's about that actually again
if you're in the Oakland area make sure
you guys come to the Oakland Museum and
just check out all these dope ass
sneakers on this place we're so lucky
that they had this this literally open
today it was like low-key overwhelming
like there was literally too much to
look at good my song too much to it too
much sauce
so what was your favorite sneaker that
was on display you know I'm a loving guy
but it wasn't be 11 it was the flu game
12 okay Jose was and the students
because I've never seen that student
person the flu game 12 yes like the
original yeah 97g no you hit the juji
master sales a good year you're bored so
we're stuck in traffic right now but we
need to head to seoul supremacy because
i actually need to buy some sneakers
before they close they close at 7:00 and
it's like 5:30 right now I think we
should get their vote 30 minutes before
they close so we should be good but I
gotta buy some shoes before I head back
to LA because I'm actually leaving at 9
p.m. tonight you gonna miss you fast is
the last time I'm gonna see you until
next year oh that's right huh
let's say time went quick and then you
talking about your sweater someone say
time
Loki and now Loki thinking about buying
the VMP 554 night when I'm not here via
1000 you know that was the shoe that
came out ten years ago in January to go
to the grateful Dover sole
what a mess I go no no I never had those
I wish I could've gotten past I thought
you were gonna go with every color that
you had on your clock but then it woulda
been too many colors
oh yeah thank you for appreciate it I've
been like see that's why I want the DMP
because I went to six more than I want
the eleventh you know recharge is EMP
back are the Elevens wearable alive yeah
yeah thinking about getting those you
have a kind of night
no can I see the 11 this way I got it in
action and a half
I got a 14 try to sell it not even that
much you got stopped for what if I swap
it for like a 10 on you guys get it I
search just bring it by thousands in
this or not or you get selling this
general yeah how much all right I think
it needs everyone up yeah absolutely
we did some damage guys all right guys
rushed out the house only to find out my
flight got delayed I now leave in like
three hours so that's all bye the family
restaurant you know thanks to the pops
I'll see you guys next year take care of
my case for me all right family I have
an hour and a half into my flight boards
and I have another 30 minutes after that
until it takes off and I thought to
myself what cuz I doing this time should
I browse my phone and go through
Instagram and Twitter and look at a
bunch of stuff that aren't important or
should i film Akoo cakes video so I
literally filmed the crew cakes video in
the airport and I'm going to start
editing it because I have so much time
so much to do tomorrow it's going to be
freaking insane my biggest dilemma is
figuring out what sneakers I want to
take to the Bible because I plan on
buying stuff there but like every time I
go to a different city and the banks
because I don't really have room for
coming back so you can get these for
retail which is four hundred dollars
don't see this might be the best Jordan
out of 2016 I have to update my account
my chart my top ten that I did on crew
kick last week who can get over that
nobody look at that
I can change colors then what is it Sam
Udrih
yeah man just this time it is guys 1:30
a.m. aka I'm not getting any sleep
tonight
my uber drivers name is will caught by
the way that's very awkward I've only
met one week off and I've never met
another one so if it's the same guy I've
heard of a studio thing I'm just
complaining about everything but uber
driver almost killed with a three time
okay I don't figure out what it's like
chewy head now ridiculous
thanks Chan sports for sending me the
keys by DJ Khaled I'm actually going too
much we're going to read some of this
hot and I was crazy but tomorrow's going
to be even crazier so yeah
