this court right here was my childhood
getaway well not my childhood but like
my teenage year getaway every day after
junior high and high school is to come
here and play basketball with my friends
sometimes it was one-on-one sometimes it
was two one two sometimes three on
Three's five on five sometimes it was
just me alone every time I come back
home I try to come back here and get a
few shots up just so I can clear my head
of all the adulthood things I have to
worry about now and just go back to when
I was a child a kid and I can just have
no worries in the world and play
basketball with my friends or by myself
or shoot around and the last two times I
actually came here to show you guys the
court because I've shown it to you guys
like twice this year I believe every
time I've come I've forgotten to bring
something that has to do with my drone
so I'm just never to able to get that
freaking shot I wanted coming from the
middle of the court but guess what guys
this time
I remembered so let's go
I'm box alert enough - three click -
three this thing is crazy
fully loaded didn't every crazy let's
see you have the lock on oh my god go
like all the way by the stairs please
don't hit me in the head oh it just
stings it's like a quick steam I'm gonna
hear my camera lens
Oh God that one I feel like that was a
stronger oh man
secret compartments check for 55 I got
75 Ric Flair let's go
oh my god here we go
you know you wanna play lucky I'm
blessed
please help me live up to the price I
just got back from Barbados shout out to
some rocket bunny for giving me new
motivation I gave it some time but now
nothing can stop me I'm giving you
lessons like mr. Miyagi
don't get aggressive cuz I'm from
Karachi I'm making this music like I'm
little Rotty I'm repping yourself in the
picture were like yeah I'm good I've
been working so it took some time I was
working through it feel like I'm praying
when I'm making music ya feel like I'm
praying when I'm making music like mama
Hodges on my church
no time for yoga I get it by myself own
matter what you hear his sound from the
basement growing up black mamba I just
hung my jersey uh I no time for your
games are enough gotta get it by myself
no matter what you hear the sound from
the oh no how come it's always been
positive when I have faith in I trust
every step sometimes it's hard for me to
be an optimist but I keep going for
being depressed
I feel like Kobe it's nothing but net
don't take this lightly I need your
respect by telling me behind me to put
me in check they keeping me going
there's no time to rest I was obsessed
to being the best in the city so how can
I leave it please give me a reason not
using my jersey cuz it's a new season I
pledge my allegiance I'm seeing them
coming they go they just want money too
bro I've been in the gaming you know
that I'm still running the show yeah I'm
good I've been working through it
it took some time I was working through
it feel like I'm praying when I'm making
music yeah feel like I'm praying when
I'm making music like mom watches on my
church
no time for yoga tired enough I get it
by myself a matter why you hear the
sound from the basement growing up
