if you call has been forwarded to an
automated voice-messaging system
now I'll just go into this like taking
five
what's going on everybody
it is another another beautiful day here
in Los Angeles I'm currently about UCLA
about to go get some of the most amazing
food in the city if you know you know
weekend that gooshie
excuse me sir you need some help excuse
me
sir you need some help there
Oh Santini please change in your life
running away I got a pocket work will
you how are you going to put stuff in
here
I don't understand huh another that's it
says you got our pockets man you never
know all I hop off and I showed me like
weekly numbers I want a little respect
another casualty or victim shooter game
you can play me though so I guess about
to head out but you know he put in a
request to take me to Gucci I'm like say
no more Russia I like that girl you want
and then you slither it in the end
and then let's just say she replies back
except you got to pay for Gucci huh what
so I got to drive back home to the bay
I'm actually flying to the bay tomorrow
I could have gone with you but let's
just say fence I don't like to dress
if they won and I talk about barbecue
sauce
fire flame sitter one word to describe
this sensational yeah one word 100
coming back whoa shut up sorry get an
appointment for us Shelley that was not
amazing sensational spectacular
everything so good man
you guys ever come to Westwood make sure
you guys hyper hear that
make sure you guys come Sigma she did
you then let's just say this is the end
of the road going on alert coffee I'm
going to cover your embassy you start
out here though any last words for the
vlog up to you in a few days I give them
a 100 real quick or not I'm out to
retire on this yeah let's just say just
because they copy your style doesn't
mean they get paid your accomplishment
bruh bruh yeah gasps oh I got the
barbecue T feeds on sex s got stuck
Jessica thank you
and so we like to skate off so fragile
even la that leaves me alone again I'm
the only one in the crew and now they
know all the sudden even though I did
like a football field know me those
negativities just that real yo shout-out
to everyone who's been joining me for my
little life Instagram streams I've been
having a lot of fun with them so if you
don't follow me on Instagram just follow
me I do these spontaneous live streams
for new Instagram screen whatever go
live whatever it's called I wanted I've
been wanting to talk about this topic
for a while now a lot of people actually
asked me how they can sell certain shoes
like people tweet me and I hey I have
these like how can I sell them I want to
pretty much give you my way of selling
my speaker so basically this is how I
make money selling sneakers whenever I
need it
I don't really resell I don't buy shoes
to sell I don't try to make money off
shoes often but whenever there is a
sneaker that I don't want in my
collection I'll get rid of it so that I
can either buy a new shoe or I just
don't need it in my collection anymore
let me tell you guys how to put it
there's two types of ways to put it if
you're a reseller then you need to work
on building your clientele you need to
find people who are willing to pay you
to find sneakers for them you know some
people are going to be looking for good
prices and some people just want you to
find the damn shoe for you for them and
they'll pay you whatever you need to
build your clientele and figure out what
type of reseller you want to be I'm not
going to be talking about that right now
the way what I'm going to be talking
about is for the average people the
people who aren't really resellers but
they have a few sneakers that they want
to sell my recommendation for all you
guys is to pretty much go to a local
sneaker shop and put your sneaker on
consignment if you don't know what
consignment is that means pretty much
you take it to a sinker shop and they
will sell it for you they will give you
a percentage back for example if you
watch my vlog not too long ago I took a
few pair of shoes to mass park in
Burbank California when you go to a
consignment shop not just magne Park any
consignment shop some consignment shops
take 15% some consignment shops take 20%
you fill out the paperwork and then your
- becomes part of their inventory and
they try to sell for you when you shoot
us
so whatever the school policy is the
percentage-wise they will take that exte
so easy for you for $1000 they'll take
15% of that thousand dollars and you
will get the rest and you won't have to
worry about the local meetup you're
gonna have to worry about getting scans
you don't have to worry about a whole
bunch of factors pretty much they sell
it for you and then they tell you to
come pick up your check and that's it I
think that is the best and the safest
way to sell sneakers the store can
reject it if they feel like that shoe is
not worth having in their inventory but
yeah that's that's pretty much my advice
on how to make money selling sneakers
yeah that's that's it through he sent me
the new font colors collection let me
show you guys some of the hats that they
got going in here because these hats are
freaking dope okay first one here's this
maroon one this denim one right here I
don't think I wear this one honestly
this one right here is just boy goes bra
quality this one is also very good
quality I got the white one I hear
they're one of my favorite the khaki one
that is the website right there if you
guys want to pick any of these
everything that could have possibly went
wrong this morning happened I woke up
late rush a whole bunch of BS happen but
I made it and they're not even boarding
so I have time to chill and grab some
food go to the bathroom rejuvenate and I
think they have my favorite candy here
so I'm uh sorry up on that hey this is
the Big W guys heading back home today
now I hear it's really cold out there
still not excited about that oh I
thought you might know but we don't have
a crowded what are you just gonna
hopefully there's nobody sitting next to
me so I think they're acceptable to walk
because it was it one our guys so we
just got to the city we got some
business to take care of nike hyperadapt
or whatever they're called the self
tying shoes they're selling on baseball
appointment and he actually did a RSVP
but it doesn't show up on its home so
he's going to go sleepy get still try to
get it so this is a notification I'm
getting princess you're already in the
account you've already been registered
for this event so we have the spot
basically he did the RSVP he has a spot
reserved so I don't see why they
wouldn't give them the appointment to
let him buy the shoes Olynyk so let me
look at them regardless of what's become
volume or not praise alright guys so
this is what the appointment center
right here these people are buying the
shoe and they get to buy this shoe right
here
alright guys so they wouldn't let him
get an appointment they said he was like
one of what three or four people that
that error happened to what is this time
some of that personal service yeah
basically they give you at what $20 gift
card yeah NUMA $20 gift card and
basically they put them on the
first-come first-serve list if there's
any extra leftover pairs which is most
likely not going to be I'm kind of still
mad at Nike now what is this printing
speakers is the wave I feel like self
tying laces should have been done years
ago so I want to get those future crops
because those things are crazy it's all
away
I actually bought some stuff from adidas
I got so much good things to say about
it either
so basically somebody return these there
are women's size 10 and a half so that's
like the size nine nine and a half I
actually really wanted these but these
are some crazy 3.0 ultra boots
look at that heel cup it's like marble
it's like video doesn't do justice but
these are beautiful but anyway it's time
to grub man what field food court vibes
you already know what it is you already
don't know trying to gain perspective
when it's easy to neglect it
you got to stop that bull supremacy real
quick when we're in the area you don't
think this man's is oh yeah hey Hawking
15 almost hit the side to us first time
I ever develop all right guys so just
got the target unfortunate ok so this is
what happened so I went to I had a
little getaway in Santa Monica the other
day and I had left my toiletry bag in
the bathroom and that's my fault
obviously but when you stay at a hotel
and you leave something in the room you
expect them to hold it for you
apparently they can't find it so what
I'm assuming is the housekeeping people
threw it away hi how you doing so yeah
so I'm assuming that they threw it away
which is very irresponsible on the
hotels perhaps let's just say it was a
five-star hotel but their service was
negative 1 all right guys so I just got
to Fry's Electronics to try to get the
Apple MacBook I don't know why it's at
Apple the MacBook charger and look what
I found
NES controllers but this is like the
bootleg kind so I'm going to buy this
one I'm going to buy the 6-foot
extensions too so that I can play with
my brother-in-law we could both play at
the same time so they might not have the
system or the official controller but
let's just say I support this nah I
don't support fake easy so but I gotta
go get the MacBook now so
I mean just the charger I don't need a
new computer
oh hell yeah it's always fun yeah Donna
letting go give me peace of mind but you
never know what you really find nothing
on the world I've been waiting job I
believe in my dog I'll be just fine
three and this night liege I saw quickly
he plays in another did you play
shockingly easy hey I'm gonna ask what
you do is very carefully standardized
actually need to get my pair changes
with all the time got a mini collection
going on over here
I like where you are I love all the pain
goes inside there's low key beaches but
this is like the same shoe it is clean
I'll keep these looks like I'll meet you
check out crew cakes I just posted a
video about these and how I got these
with this crew on the back easiest
forever be the greatest basketball shoes
in life I love these things
I went viral in these things right here
put this one this is the Brawn poster
this is fiestar editing this vlog I'm
out of here man thank you here to watch
it hit that thumbs up I know yeah go
into this life stick inside what's the
price
I just hope I got enough it's proper
size you got a judge you gotta also
