I'm currently in Lake Tahoe Nevada North
Lake Tahoe to be exact I'm here for New
Year's so I'm actually in one of the
places which probably my favorite place
in the entire world I have so many
memories here in Lake Tahoe from when I
was a little kid coming here with my
family and whatnot it was always a great
time out here in Lake Tahoe I don't know
I just I just love the vibe of it it's
it's dope so tonight at midnight is the
New Year which I'm kind of excited about
because I feel like 2018 is going to be
an amazing year but I'm not here to gas
you up and sell you some dreams and
stuff like that you know I'm saying I'm
here to show you guys something because
I've had this idea for about two
two-and-a-half weeks now and the package
which I've been carrying around just
happened to arrive as I was leaving to
come here so it was pretty cool timing I
guess to do it out here rather than do
it in my apartment like every other
unboxing you know there's only so many
places you can trust when it comes to
buying high-end brand not high-end
brands with streetwear brands like
supreme and vape and stuff like that for
me personally I get a lot of my pick ups
from Mag Park you guys already know that
or I get it for retail off of the
supreme website but you know I'm saying
there's super hyped items which are kind
of impossible to get unfortunately
people like myself we're gonna have to
pay resale but we want to make sure that
we are getting the legit product if
we're paying you know 700 800 900 even
$1,000 to $1,500 if we're buying certain
items what I decided to do is order
something from stock X I've never in my
life ordered anything from stock X and
the reason I wanted to do that was
because I wanted to test it out I wanted
to see if it was legit when it came to
ordering supreme because they actually
do sell other things than just sneakers
on there if I was actually going for a
pair of sneakers my go-to is usually
goat I feel like it's a new year I want
to open up my doors I want to test out
different platforms and see what is
available to me you know what I'm saying
and obviously goat does not carry
supreme and street wear and stuff like
that so I went to stock X disclaimer
this is not an ad
I am not working with stock ex and this
is not a promotional video if this is
just me showing you guys if you should
trust a website or not I've had I think
one video in the past where somebody had
brought a fake pair of shoes into Mag
Park and it did have a stock ex
verification tag now I didn't bash them
or say that they sell fakes but
unfortunately there's a situation where
people make those fake tags and then
they put them on fake shoes to try to
convince buyers from like eBay or like
anywhere in the world Facebook groups
that they have a legit I was verified
from stock ex but in reality it's just a
fake tag on a fake shoe and they they
try to trick you but I do have to
actually tell you guys about a situation
that happened with a friend of mine I
don't want to say which friend of mine
it was one of my friends did end up
buying supreme from stock ex within the
first week that they launched supreme
being on their platform my friend bought
two bogo's and one of them was legit and
the other one was questionable he had
taken it to a few people who know like
you know who do the legit checking for
supreme and stuff like that and they
found out that one of the two BOGO
t-shirts he bought were not 100%
authentic now that doesn't mean
everything on their website is fake it's
the I pray I'm pretty sure they have a
very high percentage of everything being
legit it's like a 98 or 99 points up
three percent that day everything is
legit
there's always gonna be a few cracks in
the floor you know I don't even know if
that's legit like saying or anything
like that but I can't think of anything
else that is just a situation in which
I've heard of it didn't happen to me it
happened to a close friend of mine now
when I was trying to decide on what item
to order I didn't want to order
something I wasn't gonna use just for
the video so I got something I actually
liked let's go ahead and crack this baby
open I don't have my knife so I'm gonna
be just using this stick right here hit
the intro as far as the process of
receiving this thing I ordered it about
two and a half weeks ago it makes kind
of sense very similar to goat when they
send shoes out the seller has to send it
to the company the company has to verify
it and then they send it to the customer
so
- wish it came in a box I hate when they
ship clothing in a bag but I'm pretty
sure if I would have popped it straight
off the supreme it would have came in a
bag as well
docx bag BAM the black box logo hoody
with the lime green logo lime on black
box though I don't know what they say
honestly I thought originally they put a
verification tag on like the clothing to
somehow like around the tag or something
I've seen it in pictures oh no actually
it is it does have it alright so the
first thing you get is a little card
with a signature from Josh who's the CEO
of stock X welcome to the future the
future of stinkers and okay Tory I guess
this is like a stock X sticker yeah you
do get the verification tag right there
see that right there verify please
inspect item all claims void if tag
removed oh and it's got a QR code right
here but I don't wanna show it to you
guys in case that has anything to do
with showing my information I'm not sure
now as far as this hoodie goes I'm
pretty sure that this is legit I'm
almost a thousand percent sure that this
is legit let me know what you guys think
I'm still gonna wear it cuz I'm pretty
sure it's legit like it just came out
I'm sure they have tons and tons of
these in their warehouse and are
receiving these daily so the chances of
them finding a fake is very like easy
for them because they can just compare
it they probably have ones at their
warehouse that they compare it to it
gets my approval for supreme I
definitely will be buying supreme off of
there in the future but it's not gonna
be my go-to place to get supreme you
know what I'm saying because I have
other plugs you know I go to Mac Park a
lot I try to get it for retail so for me
personally when it comes to sneakers I
do feel a little more comfortable
ordering off of goat just because to me
the platform is simpler I don't like the
way stock ex has all those numbers and
everything up there but I still do go on
there to check prices don't get me wrong
I checked both websites to see which
ones have the sneakers for lower and if
for one reason I want to get a shoe and
you know sock X is cheaper than goat I
might go with stock X for some shoes for
the first time I don't know yet it's
2018 I'm open to new things now I'm
gonna throw this bad boy on cuz we were
about to go snowboarding but yesterday
we went ice
and I took my 360 camera I'm gonna go
get ready and you guys can watch this
okay
alright guys I really hope I don't fall
cuz I almost felt earlier oh we made it
oh so this is our cabin right here I
mean I've been sharing this small bed
right there you know what I got to do to
start the new year right that starts
tomorrow but until then we're gonna be
in the snow I'm saying protect them bad
boys
alright guys Bulls all geared up and
ready to go and I'm saying gotta box
logo North Face jacket which I've made
pretty good use of and then Mina had the
audacity to ask me how much I paid for
this retail boys you already know the
drill I also got the supreme face mask
I've just been hella extra on this trip
huh yeah we noticed
yeah check out that IG picture it's fire
we switched into the 360 camera so we'll
see you guys in the snow
don't mind my beanie I know it looks
weird it's the face mask but we didn't
go snowboarding yeah she was wearing
Jordan one she didn't CREP him that was
a problem I crept my shoes she was
saying my shoes were not gonna last
my shoes are lasting shout to cut
protect on that one come - come - no
Mina Mina yeah no don't lay on top of me
ah oh my god oh my god
what's up I've know you alright guys so
we are heading home it was a great New
Year's in Tahoe let's get on this plane
and i'ma go home and and then I might
talk to you guys so I'll see you guys
back at the crib if you guys didn't
watch the last video which was my entire
sneaker collection then you don't know
that I moved my couch over here for you
guys it looks like I just walked in and
started recording but in reality it's
actually been a couple hours since that
last scene but I've been sitting here in
my apartment and I've been just thinking
about what is to come in the next few
months I watched a lot of YouTube videos
and a lot of these YouTube videos are
just people who are like 2018 is gonna
be so amazing 2017 was the best year of
my life one thing I want to do in 2018
is I want to be more real with you guys
I want to show you guys more of my
personal life just a side note I am
growing out my hair so if there's
situations where I'm like having long
hairs just hanging up in the back I
apologize in advance 2017 could have
been a lot better for me I got too
comfortable and I feel like that was the
reason why we did not reach 1 million
subscribers I want to hit it obviously
it's gonna mean the world to me when we
do hit it I can stay here and make a
million excuses on why it didn't happen
and why I was comfortable but I'm just
gonna sum it up quick cuz I don't want
to talk and talk and talk and talk and
ramble on forever
2016 I went hard and that literally was
the best year of my in of my YouTube
career and in 2017 I just got too
comfortable I just made the same type of
content I didn't try to grow I didn't
ride to do bigger things I just kind of
went with the flow and if certain
opportunities came they came I took
advantage of them but I really didn't go
above and beyond and that's what I kind
of want to do this year is make sure
that I not only have a good year but I
want to be able to use this year to
figure out the next few years like I
said I don't want to ramble on too long
but going back to me showing you guys
more of my personal life throughout my
10 years on YouTube
mainly the last three four years I have
been doing a lot of logging and showing
you guys my friends sometimes my family
and a lot of my experiences but 2017 I
kind of took a step back from that and
the reason for that was just because it
got to the level where I wasn't
comfortable with showing certain things
in my life I stopped putting my niece in
my vlogs my niece just turned one not
too long ago and I was so excited when
she was born because I wanted to put her
journey in my vlog so that she can look
back on it and see some of the stuff we
did together but unfortunately there was
so much negativity about oh not even a
one year old people were just saying
like really bad things and it pushed me
away and I felt like I felt disconnected
with my audience I felt like the people
watching weren't watching because I
don't know how to explain it they didn't
want to see my personal life I stopped
putting like a lot of personal stuff of
me me know glowing places or me going
with my family and that's why a lot of
my videos last year were literally just
me buying stuff for me unboxing shoes is
because like I couldn't show you guys my
personal life because I didn't want you
guys to make fun of my family and stuff
like that but at the end of the day I
know it's not gonna stop I know there's
always gonna people who are gonna troll
it's it's I can't listen to it
I personally don't care but I don't want
my family and friends to be affected by
it in 2018 I will try to bring that back
into the vlogs just because I do know
that there are people here who do love
and support me and my family and
everybody who is in my my youtube
channel so yeah so that's just a summary
of what's to happen in 2018 one last
note I'm going crazy because my lease
ends for this apartment in like two two
or three months and I don't know what to
do do I stay in LA do I go on the
outskirts of LA do I go look for a house
right away
do I go to an apartment for a few months
until me and Mina get married then start
looking for a like I don't know I don't
know what to do my mind's all over the
place but just throwing that out there
that I might not be in this apartment
too long I really don't know
to do twice and I don't know I don't
know I don't know okay well we'll talk
about that later anyway that's it for
the first video of 2018 I got some ideas
so it's gonna be pretty dope this year
I'll see you guys in the next video
