since you're a freaking hour man I'm in
Costa Mesa Costa Mesa mall got to get
this this present you want straight
faded today like my whole outfit is like
funny play the ground faded black oh my
gosh I just small is ridiculously
crowded this is like Black Friday status
I'm trying to be very discreet with my
vlogging here because there's mall
security all over this place I don't
want to be that guy today hit the high
note adidas dropped the Yeezys on adidas
and you know how they have the countdown
page or whatever it's called
I actually got through but I didn't
notice that I got through I was like
just laying on my bed texting on my
phone and then I look over and it was
like choose your side so I choose my
side I asked a car that goes to card I
go to check out it's going smooth and
then I put my address and I clicked
place order and it just was it was
loading and then I look at the top and
my life I was cut my wife I was cut on
my phone and all my laptop that means my
wife I went out talk about bad freaking
tiny that never happened speaking wife I
just said hey I'm taking a little break
be back soon sticking out there but I
got a pair outside so yeah not
complaining
so today has been a very very beautiful
day you feel me
first things first shout out to everyone
who bought the new 2016 dream Couture
key we sold out man you guys moved quick
people were getting the passwords before
we even released the freaking shirt
online it was crazy man you guys are
nuts for it so Shannon - everyone's have
got them they should be shipping out
today or tomorrow so you should be
having it pretty pretty soon so I'm in
Glendale right now as you guys know I've
been going around trying to find Mina an
anniversary gift because today is
actually our anniversary
I got her gift which I'm not going to
show you because I don't wanna I don't
know I'm not here to show off things
like that besides Nico but she got me a
pair of sneakers and they're freaking
dope I have literally posted on one
what's up my house going all of a sudden
yeah so these are the speakers she got
me
call me the new lose the town Dom
they're just so freakin sick man she
actually showed me a picture of them
awhile ago and she's like what do you
think of these mounds like they're so
freaking dope and I was actually going
to buy myself but they were sold out
online and I never seen him in store or
in person yesterday she gave them to me
so like mine she gave it to me and I was
just hella happy shut out bitch and by
the way I know you guys can answer my
Panther from several facts and of course
PacSun needs response to me Oh what is
this sense
so we are going to go to the dining
movie theater and watch the new Star
Wars rogue one whatever it's called and
you know it's funny on our anniversary
our on the day we became official last
year was the day we actually went to go
watch the new Star Wars on December 19th
last year so it was meant to be well we
waited a few days by things I said oh no
you buy our tickets here we waited a few
days to watch this one but not we didn't
even do that on purpose though it just
we haven't seen each other in a few days
and the movies been out so yeah let's
see how this movie is a very good thing
yo what's up man
I'm not a fan of the MCM hype I thought
about it but I don't know if my cup of
tea I talked a lot of smack about 90 on
Twitter these past few days but I'm
gonna be a hypocrite I'm going to go
check what they have because I want the
Doernbecher Kyrie I got a love for Kyrie
I got love for shoes but I'm anti Nike
right now but I'm still going to go in
their store this is this is a I just
woke up I'm doing laundry I got tons of
things going on I didn't post a vlog
yesterday I'm going to explain
everything right now thank you to
everybody who picked up the 2016 dream
crew torti the dream couture t dream
crew tortie they went on sale yesterday
they sold out in all sizes and basically
that's the front this is the back at all
the dates of every sneaker con and then
these are the shoes of every sneaker con
I wore this shirt represents being able
to meet all of you guys at all of these
sneaker cons it's not just to say I want
all of them it's a there's a reason why
all these dates on the back of the shirt
means so much because I got to meet
people amazing people in Fort Lauderdale
freakin Cleveland the Bay Area Chicago
like after that New York all of those
cities other than that the reason why I
didn't post the vlog yesterday was
because well actually today is the
one-year anniversary for me and Mina and
yesterday was the day that we could have
that we spent together because she's at
work today so basically I've logged a
little but I didn't edit or post and the
reason for that is just because I think
we just deserve the day together to to
be to enjoy it like you know what I'm
saying so I hope you guys aren't mad
about that is probably not probably it
was the best year of my life our big
thank you these things are expensive too
I'm so pissed you spend that much money
on me but a box is so dope
so what's next so as of right now today
is basically a laundry day
get ready tomorrow I'm flying home to go
to the Bay Area to be with my family for
a few days I miss my nice Saturday
we're actually leaving to Dubai so we're
going to be spending the rest of the
year in Dubai and we're gonna actually
spend New Year's in Dubai so I'm really
excited about that
Othman ygr going to meet us out there
after Dubai obviously is going to be
2017 and I
just want to let you guys know that 2017
it's the next chapter man it is going to
be the next chapter we are going to push
bust our asses we're going to work hard
we're going to make sure that 2017 tops
2016 and let me tell you guys 2016 was
amazing my my life my schedule the way I
work everything is going to change in
2017 and I know it's this like 2017 is
the basic excuse for a year new me new
new all that but no this is I would
start it right now if I could but I'm
planning and plotting for 2017 so
basically if we're going to be doing
daily vlog we're going to be daily vlogs
obviously I'll miss a vlog here and
there but I'm going to consider them
daily vlogs daily vlog uploaded on crew
kicks consistently at a consistent hour
um well I mean there's only two things
basically I really want to be more
consistent and promise you keep my
promises which you guys are uploading
and things like that
so you guys be like part six that's
another thing I've been working on it
I've been filming scenes here and there
it will come out January 2017 I'm sorry
I keep pushing it but I really want to
make it great we already have a few
sneaker cons already locked in so
sneaker con Fort Lauderdale they're
going to be February 10th so make sure
you guys come out to that I will be
there with the crew and then sneaker con
Cleveland March 10th I don't think any
other dates have been 100% confirmed yet
I know the rumors of what cities will
become firm soon but we'll just keep it
at that right now yeah that's pretty
much it it's pretty much a quick roundup
of everything that's going on in my life
that's pretty much what I wanted to do
for today's vlog is just pretty much
update you guys with everything also
comment down below this I'm gonna need
you guys to help besides all the types
of type of dude comments I need you guys
comment something else I want to get
something new I don't know if I'm going
to get a before but Dubai or after the
bar should I invest in a new laptop or
should I invest in a new camera I'm
actually my mac books been acting up so
I kind of need the new MacBook I don't
need the new camera but I kind of want
to take things to the next level and
comment down below which one you guys
think I should invest in thank you guys
for watching I'm out of here
I got so much work to do today but we're
going to do it to improve
