another beautiful day another Bowl I
don't have a ticket
in place
so these sneakers right here are the
adidas
shadow knit the other day I saw these at
the Adidas store and I've actually been
seeing pictures of these all over the
place and the first thing that comes to
mind is that they look like this the
adidas Yeezy 350 boots basically adidas
made a bootleg of their own sneaker very
similar shape and form except the resale
on this one is a thousand dollars and
these you could go pick up for about a
hundred bucks from any footlocker
Chancellors either scored pretty much
anywhere what I wanted to do is wear
both of them let's see if this is worth
it it's just worth $100 to wear a Yeezy
inspired sneaker so today we're going to
be testing out a thousand-dollar Yeezy
which is $100 easy ripoff by adidas spin
company so it's not a fake
the main thing that I'm going to be
testing out with this whole thing is are
people going to notice that I'm not
wearing a real UV on one foot and on top
of that are they comfortable because
obviously the regular Yeezy boosts has
boost in it these don't have boots I
believe this is like a tubular bottom
come correct you don't need to rock a
thousand dollars easy to look good like
obviously having a Yeezy is dope like
you get a lot of like oh my god he's
wearing you these type of thing but if
you can't afford that resale price like
wearing something that's very similar is
not bad it's way better than wearing a
fake easy in my opinion so you're still
wearing adidas you know what I'm saying
when I couldn't afford Yeezys back in
the day I would buy other shoes that had
similar colors to that Yeezy and I'm
talking about the Nike version not the
adidas version because that was back
when it was just a nice easy and I would
buy colorways of sneakers and I would
even custom make sneakers that match the
colorway of the Yeezy that I knew I
can't afford
I do it and even though much time but I
didn't want to waste nothing see you
know again Chris broke look at the shoes
off do you notice anything one of them
fake ha ha ha ha
it's the snake this is a I know I know
in China see if it's still comfortable
I reckon now better you know what a
night tubular gel I'm doing like a test
$100 easy $50,000 easy how you doing
good
nice to see you again welcome son
welcome to California bro did you see
the video phone Recorder no no I wanted
to I saw the ID post nollie we got to
put a clip of it in here we're going to
put a clip of what he did at Wawa hurt
right here number 3 chicken in Missouri
did you know this issue yes yep what do
you think differently good I just noting
right now notice I know was it yeah he
looked at it he said oh he oh they are
the shadow yeah damn knows his stuff an
invisible one yeah I hate anything you
know what that depends on which one it
is
I'm over more comfortable some of them
are these these are comfortable those I
don't know it's a love-hate relationship
with a u16 on how about the contest and
different machines are happy I don't
think I've ever actually want anything
to initiate it and women live in a
culture the Ren ever never ever cause
you win some lose me right now it closed
when Z come on oh ha ha ha that was
close right so you see the knowledge
enemy it's a basement of Jesus name yeah
such a hardly it's a good investment
like you pay like 100 bucks doing a book
doing a freaking thousand dollar shoes
and again everybody every time it's the
same one no man you put it in position
and you press down and then you let go
when it's when you want it to go in oh
stop lock never won any cinema look
other than VMs competitions hold our
horses
you did it hell is smooth at the
crosswalk hi Simon strong hand stop if I
also scared to shut up you guys how does
a dead rat so what was business probably
my fastest anything I got the skeleton
hands now I got a question here
yeah what do you think of my shoes Dan
the steak issues oh thank you you gave
me the Big Easy
her penis alike so wait what's your
opinion on be a nice face huh well I got
one all right all right so I just pulled
up what do you think about my shoes huh
it's very interesting decision me this
yeah I don't know it out chicken when I
saw it I thought I thought you messed up
so for everybody that I showed them to
this is fake you got the fake evenings
on fake easy
exactly it looks like easy what about
Jordan ESPYs don't that look like Jordan
was holding on Jordan ones yeah saying
like you know what I mean like hello
waiting in my shoes so good i watch your
video today is the thing they're
everything they're not bad doing it on
the page yeah those are like pinkies or
whatever they look deeper yeah I don't
mind them alright cool
just imagine I'm going to draw been
wearing these for about two hours now
he'll be dead honest with you guys
comfort wise I haven't noticed a
difference there's not really you know
with oh oh going on when you wear
certain shoes you can notice you notice
the comfort right you know what's the
difference between certain shoes but
with these they're very similar the
boost is a little bit more squishy but
the the other one the shadow is like
more firm around the edges as far as
like are mighty tired no they're
perfectly fine
low-key I'm going to take conscious
camera and just steal this from him I'm
going to take over this guy's vlog since
he's not going to see me for a couple of
days maybe actually wants to me for a
couple weeks
Thank You cue man love you fam thanks
for all you've done for me and you know
all the hospitality see you guys soon
see
you
let's say the only real CREP would take
like sponsors whatever
please all bola that jumped up yep those
under the front wheel little huh no that
was back okay show me again yeah there
is a full will for sure we've gone on
six encloses a bit in spoiler I think
cogs are getting carried away that's
what I think college is doing
it's the easy seven so your feces what
you think about you like just week I saw
you in the Oxford chance for a moment
and then I saw two resumes then he just
picture what's your opinion on this shoe
right here there's aa they're called the
shadows I'm s
I like disorder I like an offbeat more
on feet more no off offbeat oh yeah I
mean they look dope though I'm kind of
feeling that yeah well yeah I'm not
trying to wear like that I'm just trying
to test out which one why did I see do
homework on me were you impressed by
strict oh my god oh my god please see
that's how we get over girls some go
with your opinion Allah James the third
his shoes is dope he's out here checking
out everybody with the fake easy copies
of Buddha man I see what some figures
I'm smacking
hi guys so we just got to Rodeo Drive
have all the high-end stores it's like
the shopping center for Los Angeles for
like LV Gucci Prada Chanel all those
stores and I need to get an anniversary
gift because my one-year our one-year
anniversary is coming up so I got to get
her something special because one year
it's very very special to me you know
saying so I gotta do some shopping and
probably not going to show what I'm
going to buy because obviously it's
going to spoil the surprise so yeah so
we're here doing some shopping and
hopefully I find something because if I
don't I'm pretty much your favorite
so now we're four hours into wearing
these sneakers my right side which is
the shadows are starting to get a little
bit uncomfortable it's starting to wear
and finally the easies are perfectly
fine so let's just say we're starting to
see some results
okay so it's time to do the end of the
day review the shadow adidas tubulars
tubular shadow of years whatever they
called I think it's a good shoe but
every person I asked what they think
even though it is adidas what do they
say
one of them's right yeah those are like
thank you Dan the sake you used oh I see
what's our figures I'm a gangsta you
just got to not care what people say if
you want to get this shoe I approve
these sneakers a lot of people are going
to still bash the sneaker but let me
know what your guys opinion is comment
down below yeah it's going to wrap up
today's vlog pretty much I'm going to
give these away on my Twitter so if
anybody wants these just head to my
Twitter I'll probably give them out
sometime today so yeah follow me good
luck to everybody trying to cop that V
to today that comes out the black with
the white stripe other than that I still
need to go get Mina president because I
actually didn't find what I was looking
for so I actually have to go on a little
bit of a mission tomorrow if you guys
didn't know I'm dropping a crazy
very sexy t-shirt tomorrow on my website
dream crew calm so one of my Instagram
or Twitter for details this is what it
looks like right here who does a lot of
talking I'm out of here
CDs again
