alright guys so I hope everybody's
having a great day I'm here with ragged
Diddy great day so far
oh yeah we had a great morning even
though we both took else on the easy
confirm medidas app you've been testing
us out like this still don't get it
alright guys so as you can see we are
back at Kenny's house perfect hair
looking at all issues is the slugs first
time here so he's just amazing at
everything I'm gonna cry Louie good so
take a look at this it I didn't want to
touch it
that's alright is the Mona Lisa you know
it's like you know look looks looking
for Kenny before we kill you I'm sorry
to touch it I'm not valuable it it come
on I wouldn't want be did you change
your whole coaching for that I don't
know about my host yeah we really talked
about this before family about it so
everything in your collection you could
eventually replace it that's shitty ass
once your lifetime opportunity name we
go let them go kiss my not no numbers in
it like I said you kept this straight up
they didn't even beat around the bush
guys if you know you know there's no
numbers it may recover kind of faces oh
yeah let's talk about when your feet
today it's got the 85 on the scene I'll
get a nice little clean job of the crap
protect session and showing that back
the og
right there guys Casey I'm in the 2016
this is Google Talk this is his first
sock right here with Stan's you dropped
that cement one and then he dropped
recently the true blue one which is this
one right here the trip reward good luck
sure I find that I should be the old Mac
Park asset if you're in the LA area
microcellular sure Boop they sold out
online and then this one right here I've
showed on this person that's awesome new
joint this is a new one friends and
family for the space yeah very simple
and clean in existence a hundred total
pair I have 65 so be on the lookout yeah
I'm gonna put mine on eBay guys so if
you check the listing I'm trying to make
like a grand not just kidding we wear
our socks look what I did guys of course
being a heipiess I had to do some crazy
stuff so I wore his first sock in his
second sock with my shoes very cool
you're the first person do.com okay so
we're doing an actual live stream on
Instagram so yeah it's pretty lit right
now what did you do with all the keys oh
geez no g boxes right you get the
reverse shattered backboards day you're
like oh I have them yes
throw in the pot okay but I have two
pair of these they're real I got good
stocking the other order shit the shadow
chat a backboard yet why don't you just
come out left what just come out it
should get better than this yeah sorry
- I can't order about to go that's a
great way thing within their mind like
yo let's just make a really good quality
Jordan one for cheap money - that's the
thing and the reset went super huh
I don't know I mean it's not I have to
say this one that's not this quality is
not didn't I
it's definitely others is this - yeah
this is way better but for a one yeah
pushing I mean come on
no sir
so this category this is done I can't
wait for my sock with this let me said
Oh Tony D actually asked price if you
see this a perfect pair how does he keep
track of where stir and shoes are mamrie
man it's tough I couldn't find a laser
earlier so can always remember fourth
hey hold on you know yeah but I have a
pretty good memory for where most of
them are once they're all in order the
little one does her job I'll be able to
find them easily I mean I I love you can
you remember all right once you start to
come in you try to kind of remember you
get the blow I got some effect because I
like using money like he owes you money
yeah they'll be doing money okay I made
these before they made uh-huh
and the way I can prove it is right
there that's me PP so um I'm trying to
figure like where's not sure Nike like
talk to me here dad look just like that
real daughter I really this is the one
on me a day I did the five rings on
there that's it I'll tell whatever was
here you go watch this watch this
I'm not sure how good of a shoe designer
I am since you'd like to watch its own
spam right yeah come look look what can
your boy Becca shoot you this is yeah
watch the throne 12 a steak that kind of
did that color we not come out similar
to that know I may be so show you what
about these right well I'm not a fan of
it all so hard
that's a crown jewel yeah it's a crown
jewel people ask about this online I go
as a sample no it's an ID don't put me
in front of our computer cuz I'll come
up with stuff like this
come on Lou you know what's funny is 19
releases like Nike I do choose now like
they make the shoe but you can't change
the option Loki dong see but not with
the white see when you start taking
advantage of this Nike ID options use
another one yeah I don't worry yeah oh
and it's got the leather on the bottom i
do it i do leather bottoms on all of
them yes another - hey this is why the
best lebron ever released move it and
then we watch it not that haven't
released i mean wash it thrown what else
am I missing Kenny
LeBron mm lying like the note said all
the lines of different is yeah but he's
got to be up there too
can you see where the inspiration came
from on this one as well as you think
they both say rings having one really
these colors they would have sold it
would actually sold the shoes right yeah
yeah cuz I mean anything in the ring
thank you
I'll give this K to yourself hey that's
big
I always know it doesn't slavery but you
Louie Vuitton gone you know there's only
one I'm going to keep be on the lookout
all the KDS are coming closer you think
I'm playing you can fuck it looks ready
yeah here's a grant Kenny made all-star
grand stuff is this a crowd of like oh
wow it's crazy
watch this I got nothing for you forget
all blues you were doing reverse before
Jordan the vendors were scattered by oh
my god and you got the whole shoe
low-key they'll it's blinding you yes
sir that's the beaver
I thought severe Apple they're all it is
a lot of you because you have a more
tonight huh Michael could you have to be
an Oregon shoe yeah it looks like yeah a
low-key no animals were hurt in the
making of this shoe when again like
another one of my design type I made I
thought does the HTM 1977 I made this
this is me and they distrait took it
Teresa
okay yep no wonder ever know I know only
lucky oh so I was that if I have boots
yeah
how old is that that's like that first
what is that not the first line of wine
I have to yeah okay this is the only one
that released it was nice yeah
and I thought marriage is nice it I
think my real talk no that's that's what
I was saying it looks that is the one
you buy now do you buying this there's a
couple pairs of these is flying around
this is a desktop so I'm heading to my
stuff there's that good quality leather
right there that's good leather this is
comparable to a shattered backboards I
think this is that we give a shout out
to everybody that was in the Instagram
livestream I'm still like every time I
come here I say this every time but I'm
still in
amazing Amanda's ice Hall same pen the
whole thing honestly don't remember if I
showed you guys this last time but
that's how beautiful is going to get
into detail okay oh my god mother inside
have you woody hey oh whoa like Angelo T
increase on octobot barely and this one
come off as a favor to me so this is my
favorite yeah but it's funny it kind of
looks like a camera in a way huh yeah
Kenny said this is his favorite release
of 2016 let me know if you guys disagree
or you agree I think I'm going to pick
these up because the threes I have
online now - the first threes I ever had
and I really liked them on feet so I
have two cups or more that's like you
know your ex calling back into your life
you know and I talked about no freaking
koala bear
are you going to see that McGrane effing
I often is not probably never going to
watch this vlog to say something about
him there he ain't your girl favorite
reseller
I tell you that are you doing G guys you
click pouring outside to look at the sky
look how gray it is and whatever rainy
it is this is not Los Angeles and this
is I got damped uh then went to my car
came back with anything what huh nothing
is what told you come on boxers pretty
much this whole vlog was at Kenny's
house checking out his shoes so give a
thumbs up if you guys enjoyed that I
know I did shout out to everybody that
did watch the live stream we did earlier
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog and I'm also if you guys did not
receive a free item with your spacejam
hoodies go to my Twitter because I'm
going to be telling you guys on Twitter
today how you can get something in
return for us not giving you the free
items so make sure you guys go to my
Twitter and I will get the information
for you guys there so peace
one
