another beautiful day here in Los
Angeles I hope everybody is having a
great day very early well it's not very
early it's 10:00 a.m. right now and I'm
going through the happiest place on
earth today no wait does yesterday where
am I going today dog where am I going
right now turn right then the
destination is on your left
mother pieces hi guys so I just got done
with the dentist as much okay first of
all the reason why I hate the dentist is
because I had a childhood nightmares of
this place like my old dentist was
horrible obviously the technology was
way worse back then but now it's way
more modern so it's less painful I'm
gonna give you guys some advice
especially all the young people all the
young kids hopefully your parents are
happy that I'm telling you this advice
but please get your teeth taken care of
in the long run you're gonna regret it I
regret not going to the dentist as much
as I should have gone but you trying to
impress a girl you need you need nice
teeth you know I'm saying you can't be
going to a girl with yellow teeth you
can't be going with some stinky breath
you know I'm saying take care of your
teeth manage it's very important for a
lot of reasons so I know I'm going to
look splitting finally back home yeah
what is that thank you yes that's a
growth
so yes you just go down so I get Diddy
Boulevard it's going to be right there
so I get dizzy Boulevard gonna be right
there yeah just say we've taken over G
wears off mascara how's your day friend
how was the drive here actually it was
really good no traffic but people don't
know how to drive here man
it'll be signaling girl free and turned
left she saw her smiling at me I was
like you ain't gonna smile so I crash
into you you know since I've been
watchin on here we still got some other
people from the crew available so we're
going to go pick up a class right now
every time our tricking comes together
cause it's a 10 to 20-minute wait tour I
heard about that heard about that
actually does that only when they go pop
out of nowhere
what did you tell your barber to give me
the Abraham Lincoln or cool they look
good no I hear it I like it let me see I
like to hear we'll look at a huge scope
to hear me feel about like like it's
clean up on the sides but the top side
no I think it was do that limb back
ahead this is some lit I think people
think it's not really Jen I can be here
they think it's like a ripoff but really
I thought it'd be like that safety
mission like top half action
top end has a - yeah but this has
brought me here would ya look
Australia's corner people yeah this is a
sure inspired walk anyway guys we're all
Melrose right now walking around so ioud
Didion's ever view never been to Melrose
no we're doing this like weekly now like
we just come to Melrose you know I'm
saying we might just end up getting our
nails is here you know please have their
progress no let's just say mo cannot
hear you
I mean it's not I think you can wear
around the house oh they did it like the
b2 and it's like cookies in one I was
open to that bad but the fact that
people are going to call you out and
make fun if you score it is stupid I
think they did a good job with this they
gave people ie the type of shoe for an
affordable price for the kids that hand
pay retail I would rock them
I didn't get you for free I'm not
promoting for adidas or anything I'm
giving my honest opinion on them is this
the fake you know it's right if the shoe
that looks like the easy
stopping traffic that was making about
honk at me as you guys know the why easy
well that's why easy is the black with
the white stripe these you come out this
weekend I already have them I got them
like a month ago out sneakers on
Harley's how are ya
meaning I don't need to get there
already have five years recording me
mouth but none of them are my friend
sighs this is what else yeah would you
were my side to be getting all my extra
shoes I'm going to rock I'm up to like
see the house like I was saying before
they interrupted me I have them meaning
I don't need to try to get them watch
out for the fishing everybody's asking
me to comment people are like cussing me
out like you're such a big Kanye fan
make a comment what's your thoughts on
him meeting with Trump you're a coward
you're not talking about it I have
nothing to say I'm a Kanye fan because
of his music his fashion his sneakers
not about a political views I don't know
it agree to it just put a little you
hear a thank you
is that DC is all around II it it's a
moving poetry poetry in motion mother no
look on the keymaster today but let's
just say I might be coming back to that
babe it's got my name on it you're gonna
hide the problem it's better than it is
so I convinced the guys for us to come
to Shake Shack this is my first time
coming to Shake Shack in LA I speak
highly of Shake Shack if you have
watched me in previous vlogs this is the
best burger place in the world in my
opinion I like it more than in and out I
don't even like in and out but Shake
Shack to our shops and look at their
milkshake
see how does this look okay first of all
I never give fries I don't like fries
who went from here it's a month
it literally we're do that
Mario is coming to the Apple iPhone and
they let you test it I was brought out
yet but they let you test it out so
basically you just jump right in oh you
still you know stop moving you know this
is the first game that I'm going to have
on my iPhone I don't download video game
you got to get those purple coin and you
can bounce off the walls for at
Nordstrom and I don't need anymore
hoodies but this is where I go adidas
velvet hoodie must stop my friend must
copy shown that's awesome
don't mess up the top shown that
crossover Thank You Lovelace delegates
up like dribble yeah there you go yeah I
did it right sure that we did sure oh hi
guys I'm about to buy some speakers from
Nike but I'm not going to show you
because I'm going to do a quick video on
it yeah what your in water it up so you
can stop in the start huh sorry half the
limit so I can fill cap song lyrics or
please turn your camera alright it's off
its off
okay guys so we really didn't get kicked
out of the Nike store that was a cost if
he didn't realize that was his voice but
the reason why I did that is because one
problem that a lot of youtubers
including myself have is getting kicked
out of stores for vlogging in store now
the only problem I have that I think
these company should have with us
evolving in store is putting other
people on camera who don't want to be on
camera but that's not why they do it
they just do it because they don't even
know why they do it they just think they
have a reason to do it and they don't
want you to film in there certain stores
do have policies where you can't film
without a permit or whatnot but we're
not here shooting a commercial at the
end of the day we're filming your store
we're giving you guys promotion to where
we shop showing our viewers where we
shop so there really shouldn't be a
problem but if I'm going up to people
who are customers or employees and
putting the camera in their face then
yeah we are violating some rules or
whatever but if I'm just blogging I
think we should be allowed to do it now
there is certain stores like this store
- Grover - Nike they've never asked me
to never film I mean I really don't know
any of them ploy is there nobody even
the people that don't know me don't ask
me to put my camera wait but shout out
to them oh yeah like Adidas stores every
Adidas store I go to they never ask me
dr. stone they never do so adidas always
show love Target used to never asked me
not to film but recently every target I
go to they tell me not to film it's been
what's up so yeah that's the reason why
I did that it's snowing at the Grove
what this is freakin sick yeah good you
worried about his easy brought the
kiss-ass
it's expensive lifestyle I hear you
don't know sucking leather I can't I can
never do it with mine it won't let me
post a HD picture on the thumbnail when
I click it you're doing it wrong you
make on too big let's just a rookie of
the year
go get the out of it so now you got
hella cold it's funny because of this
white ant no elf is the best holiday
movie he'll go home alone no elf is home
balloons are classic yeah but elf is
about holiday in Israel no no tell me
that's not clean Mara will go into
somebody's house who has a lot of
sneakers if you guys know Instagram just
added the Instagram live feature where
lets you livestream so whatever what I'm
thinking is tomorrow and we go to that
person's house I'm going to be this is
going to be there that person is going
to be there what if we do a live
Instagram stream or whatever you want to
call it from their house and talk about
some sneakers with you guys let me know
if you guys want us to do that let's see
how many thumbs up should they try to
get usually they get 10,000 without me
even asking so 25 none of the record was
like I don't even remember it was a lot
though
alright if you guys can get 25,000
thumbs up on this vlog we will do the
live stream from that person's house and
show you guys some of the craziest
sneakers you know what you doing huh
just meant to craft protect on deck
ambassador G never forget your roots
let's hit it
which one should I wear tomorrow your
leader society I have more options you
know yo guys I did rest on my 72 times I
got them when they first came out but I
sold them and I regret selling them so I
might have to pick these up again but
that being said and all this talking
sake did he I'm out of here
I mean I'm not out of here but the the
vlog is out of here great price like
thumbs up make it happen
go hot all right peace
