I'm going on guys so today as you guys
can tell we decided to take a trip to
Disneyland today is a very depressing
day because look at the outside first of
all when we pulled up and I saw this I
was scared I thought it was close
it looks they made it look like the easy
box and what is this anyway we're at
Disney so we're going to be spending the
whole day here we both got you these all
V V 1 V 2 minutes yeah here's our better
I do agree there was there's nice it's a
great day good vibes book up some fun so
we decided to try something new
the rat is left on called the crow
vertical called black code bar what's a
cold bar and they've got these drinks
right here that have cotton candy so
this is a lemonade check this hour here
hella good I detected stephania
specifically
my god
my eyes are watery you look so fast with
it Oh what I blacked out at one point
guys we've been super active like we
literally have been getting on all the
rides it's very crowded but I think the
longest we wish was like 30 minutes for
one ride which is really not that much
but I feel like more people come for the
holiday stuff like the parades and stuff
like that so
poor tree never got love
the v2 they're comfortable what you got
to do is you got to take it in so all I
just took out the info after what I've
out in gaming I take the info finally
out and I'm way more comfortable the
install pushes your foot up obviously
just a little bit towards the top of the
shoe the shoes do fit a little bit tight
but on top of that the top of the shoe
rubs against your foot that's why it
makes it extra tight that's why
everybody I'm excused what a shoe
cobbler
I'm not going to wear the ears anymore
you guys know me men I come to
Disneyland a lot each year but one thing
I never bought because I never really
found one that I actually really liked
is Mickey ears you know she always has
they're many years but I saw one that I
really liked and I finally copped it so
let's just say my first pair of Mickey
years well I had one when I was a little
baby boy
Oh
Star Wars / yam rocket to back up
anything and then you wonder when Nike
doesn't like you
down-home illusional purposeful FaceTime
with my foot today very much fun man so
much fun we had a great day man
Disney always brings a bob man
definitely going down in the books as
one of the best Disney days I've ever
had not just the fact that I got to go
with me nine we had a great day but this
is probably the last time I'm going to
ever ride Tower of Terror my all-time
favorite roller coaster man I honestly I
honestly I honestly if this vlog let's
do this if this vlog gets a crazy amount
was it 25,000 this vault gets 25,000
times up before I leave to divide I will
go to Disneyland and I will ride Tower
of Terror one more time I'm not going to
go for a full day I literally recorded
this man I'll go on that one right and I
will leave that's it
so let's see if we could get 20 25,000
thumbs up and I'll make it epic as hell
guys I came home to this engine and box
this is the first time I ever ordered
something from H&M and the community
does that box shut up H&M for that JB
you know you got a skill of God purpose
crap but they basically release the same
thing if not better quality at hmm this
is from H&M the factual Justin Bieber
shit
beaver I don't know if they still have
it already figure
pick it up
