I just got the Burbank that is the mag
part I've got to go pick up that check
from all the shoes that I put on
consignment
apparently when I post that vlog I
posted it early in the morning so people
were lined up outside of the store the
next day trying to buy those shoes so
they all sold within like a day so shout
out to anybody who came and cop the
shoes that I put up for a steal hope you
guys enjoy your new sneakers and we
might have a special guest coming
through
got a I gotta push it out all right on
the spot row the hidden people can be
sold out how'd you get one let's just
say I got friends at the top
oh shout to that one guy if I ran out to
the gym and said hey we had dude on the
YouTube videos yeah
he goes you look good bro know that you
guys you look WAY fatter in the video I
think it was a Kabul when I walked in
guys the first thing Mickey says is hey
you wanna get some candy you know me pal
I guess ain't no get one of these right
here hurry both classes you on that
right going to trying to disagree on
your food thing so yeah well only want
only only one we'll see yeah we'll see I
don't know about that one
oh yeah you got a W on the closet full
oh yeah on the file you got a W so he's
he's two and on right now green tea Kit
Kat oh my god the color already makes me
not want to eat this three Mel no
warrior
you know I do a shitty hey guys that
mean the NMD have a love-hate
relationship these are fire I call these
the BMW's the future I ate I have to get
these clashes and butter right there why
Gladys you don't have a photographer
right no I am sorry told you we had a
special guest coming in today Kenny was
in the LA area I told them I was going
to be at mag I called him out I said
let's have a little shootout at mag part
as you see I'm here except the channel
so we got a little shootout Mickey's
gonna come see we're gonna have a
three-person shootout should we put
anything on the line that's the question
you know how about a part of your heart
buy me a pair of shoes okay and right
here keep it low okay I was shooting
brick that sneaker con so perfect
George or until the house of the Sun I
don't think they've seen you ball I
haven't seen you ball this is the first
time we're going to ever see you balls
you guys okay you guys they're masks
like Christmas vibe
you guys gotta take a picture with the
tree
all right guys hahahaha oh my god
yeah Wow look I got a fracture you see
more than anybody know we're shooting
from people I mean they don't even know
they're not ready for this showdown
right here man
comment down below who you guys think is
going to win before we start to contest
you should have added this gonna thought
yeah
hmm is that 704 that dad is deluzy job
my good boy said he got the four men are
a Monroe
I did on Teddy before the Tarot is on
your stroke in I'll Photoshop it down
figure out that last one right not fun
come on get it so more can you throw
some really nice passes yeah butter like
some butter like pretty I have a help
handling open doing like you know okay
150 what's that foot
three why do you get messages bottom O 2
/ 4 I just learned how to do take that
shot correct
I'm that's cute yeah I'm not a math
major for you before come on there you
gotta figure you can do something now go
across the finish line
freaking nickimja let's do a rematch
rematch for no sneakers or rematch yeah
let's do it
yah go go okay don't have to go first I
think I mean we got a support family
right it's all family right yeah yeah so
I think whoever loses needs to need to
buy 10 perfect pair shot whoo ten
perfect eight bullets that's seven okay
I know you needed some new sand sauce
Yeah Yeah right I pour my favorite to
wear on the court yeah I'm just saying
yeah well yeah yeah and you can okay I'm
all about finally you should you know oh
yeah okay
that's a new that's a new game Stockman
so you won that one
Oh kind of new one yeah and you're on
the back yeah so should we do thanks
thanks thank you
I see you got your ring I'm just honored
to be a celebrity
it's the ringer don't you this usually
body those are some of the genie open
among Christmas there
Oh only minute laughs - on this job yeah
one for three okay to perform okay
you should sign up you can't flick on
the pack beauty for for seven yeah okay
nine
oh oh well you don't know by your own
softener
oh yeah all you have to do is beat me
right it's whoever's belief okay okay
you just need to hit 500 the winner gets
us all know that you have to buy from
okay Peter price and the brake lights
are on time Mary yes II three more five
five you got side up is easy with you
yes not mine
now you're all set - yeah
way off what is that what did you get
five unique know you get you to fight
you thank you for waiting for all right
- cool - all right honey
so you if you get more than five then we
both lose yeah
but if you get five or tie so you just
have to be five yeah okay
don't mind the camera hahahaha oh good
oh yeah give them the workshop possible
we need this even get you to shoot and
ten o'clock
sister Kate move once the queue
Oh Oh little a shot come on yeah yeah
you're for your four feet this bar this
is far anybody applies this is a way of
the money put the money and then I say
oh yeah I say we just do three he
Calgary I reach out to make it quick and
over with and die up here we'll do in
the form the popular today
oh hi oh my god
okay then
we're on the board you still do any war
any no pressure eliminate me right here
make me buy some stuff and here we go
Wow so you got to make all three to win
into the time your body if I be although
you get yeah but we have to buy we have
to buy perving pays old sock what the
hell are you give them all the way yeah
there we go
yeah it's me Matt students dunk contest
I lost the ticket now I take two L's
actually you get at least click on the
tools' make it double you don't forget
how my on these for a while we're doing
inventory the other night and they're
not like you know brand new decile of
one chooses oh one breaks in really well
and you know how about if I swell my
size bottoms just need a little cleaning
but all of yeah I mean that's part of
the culture all right guys so right now
we're I had the mic off for like 10
minutes so I got it everything I just
said I got to say quick first things
first we got to buy perfect pair ten of
his own sock so I'm buying five of them
Miki's mine five of home he's going to
give him away on his Instagram so fall
his Instagram I'm gonna link it down
below follow Mickey too because they're
doing it some type of giveaway because
he owes you guys a giveaway but yeah man
Suzanne's perfect pair selfies are sold
out online say yes sir but they got him
here at mag Parkers you want to come
there ten less tonight but there's still
a little bit more for you guys if you
want to call other than that I was just
saying that we did the one-on-one with
Harris wristwatch a year ago actually
it's exactly a year ago and we haven't
done anything with a basketball court
here since then so what we're thinking
is in January we're going to have
another event here and we're going to do
a shootout like we just did but with you
guys here so let me know how many of you
guys would come out
you guys want to see participate besides
us three because obviously will be us
three and a few of the other crew
members and am a godly mr. McDuck is out
of it so he can come for the diamond I
have a revengeful taste in my mouth
Awaji though yeah you being hit English
like he always reminds me yeah that
you've never held an alcohol problem is
have someone help you on you while Awaji
versus Nikki part two is coming through
until mag part alright guys so the night
is still young
it is a currently ten o'clock I got one
hour and so my gym closes I got my stuff
with me so we go into the gym right now
don't think I took up dream crew family
had a great workout I feel great
energized I like working out at night it
feels really good not going to sit here
and talk for so long just want to say
thank you guys for watching the vlog hit
that thumbs up if you enjoyed I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another vlog a
very dope vlog
