birds in the birds you know I'm in LA
already
I did not vlog from Charlotte to LA as
far as like the airport and all that all
Mars flight was at 6:00 a.m. so we have
to go to the airport around 5:00 and
then I stayed at the airport until my
flight which was at 7:45 and edited and
I literally fell asleep editing right in
front of my terminal I needed to catch
up on my sleep because I didn't sleep
the night before after sneak on I was
editing about all night I was worth it
man the vlog came out dope yesterday
hope you guys enjoyed the last nig
account of the year vlog back in gloomy
Los Angeles where it's sweater weather
and the air is polluted gonna grab a
sandwich right now I'm crapped up
because I've met watched year leaving
the country
I didn't realize they're leaving the day
I come back so now they're both not
gonna be in sneakerheads be like part 6
because I'm trying to release it next
weekend so I don't know what to do
there's a dilemma here because I really
want they bid in everyone that they've
can be they've been in what
first of all we're spending New Year's
in Dubai so we're starting the year off
also crazy next level best new years of
my life typisch I'm so excited for that
but as far as events go the first
sneaker con of 2017 is not that far away
it is in February and it is in Fort
Lauderdale so if you are in the Florida
area
Fort Lauderdale Miami all the other
areas I don't know make sure you guys
come out I think I'm gonna bring the
whole crew for that one so we'll see
about that and then after that is
Cleveland is in March so Cleveland we're
doing Cleveland in March you know it's
the best feeling in the world when you
get home from a trip and you have boost
waiting for you to be unboxed so let's
go unbox that books I'm glad we got a
chance to link up at NYC the moves
you're making are inspiring keep
building the sky's the limit here's a
borrow of beard oil to keep you wavy
this one's the best Curt enjoy from a
shout out to former Simpson I just found
out recently that he makes beard oil
because you know he's got one of the
craziest beards in the game unscented
beard oil created by beard necessities I
have never used any product ever on my
beard and no this is not paid promotion
this is just one homie hooking up
another homie with one of his power
moves so shout out to former Simpson I
appreciate this
I'm gonna Google your website hopefully
there's a website where people can pick
this up and I will let my viewers know
how this works because I've never put
beard oil Don so I've never taken care
of my beard for someone who's had a
beard since he was like literally born
this is so cool this is from WWE WWE
picked up so in my Q&A video last week
told you that that stone cold jacket was
my favorite pickup of the year I really
wanted to get more but they were low-key
expensive they're like 150 bucks
so I just never got one boy Black Friday
they had a sale I think they were on
sale for like 120 plus like an
additional percent off so I got two more
they came out to a hundred bucks each if
I would have had this fish for Charlotte
it would have been perfect to wear the
sneaker cause I'll shake the back first
ric flair more believe wrestlers from
North Carolina this would have been a
showstopper I never watched this guy
wrestle obviously he's a legend I know
of him this colorway was just too good
to not call check this out the green one
as you guys can see and this one is
Million Dollar Man Ted DiBiase this is
so freakin sick man this is probably the
dopest thing that WWE has dropped ever
neighbors check the calendar that was
supposed to do that black box this is
the NMD or 2pk this is the new nmd that
just came out I've been taking w.zahn a
dude of calm recently well most of the
stuff I bought is not super limited but
it sells out within the first like
couple hours I was excited to get these
right here so these are the second
version of the nmds and one of the big
differences is that they took the beat
with a huge bricks off of the midsole
the boost area so there used to be a
brick right here used to be a broker
here and then they added these vents
right here in the booth so that was
pretty cool or not it looks like they
kind of press the boost that make that
happen they still have one on the inside
which is bigger than your regular one
but I feel like this version might be a
little bit more comfortable I'm a fan of
the NMD as far as certain colorways and
things like that
but it's not a shoe that I can wear
every day it hurts my ankles after a
while and I don't know what it is I
think it's because I have flat feet this
shoe right here is just straight flat
and I think my feet don't like that I
think they'd like to be have a little
more curve to them and I think that's
why I'm such a fan of the ultra boost is
because it's not just a flat bottom
there is some bending to it and things
like that I don't know how to explain it
correctly but I hope you understand what
I'm saying but anyway okay
the upper of the shoe feels way better
but I believe the actual boost in the
midsole is going to be the same the
upper feels really nice I like how
they're making the primary
thinner these days shadow to adidas
cough wait what the hell happened to my
hair alright guys so I was just watching
some YouTube videos and then I noticed
that a lot of youtubers were complaining
about views and things like that and
then yesterday actually after sneaker
calling I was with um all the homies
everybody all of them said that they had
noticed that their views had gone down
and I was the only one that said no I
don't think that's true like I haven't
seen a decrease in views or anything
like that then I actually started
looking at my numbers it's been like
this for me it hasn't been like this it
hasn't been like this it's just been
like this for me maybe I am the one
being affect we are all being affected
by it but I'm not gonna sit here and
talk about how YouTube's screwing us
over or whatever they're obviously they
have a new format of how they do things
I'm not gonna quit YouTube or be like oh
I'm gonna strike I create content for my
subscribers and I hope that my
subscribers check to see when I upload
every day so one thing you can do though
to make sure you know exactly when I
upload is this so basically I am here
I'm logged in to my crew kicks account
but I'm on my vlog Channel Crew TV so
basically if I go right here there is a
little bell so if I click that little
bell it will send me notifications any
time I upload a video and all you have
to do is click Save I would really
appreciate it if you guys did that if
you want to be like one of the first
people to view my videos and if you want
to stay up to date now that's on the
computer on the phone is different so
let me show you guys how to do it on the
phone as well because I know a lot of
you guys watch youtube videos on your
phone all you have to do is go to my
profile and as you guys can see there is
a little bill right there you click the
bell and you can turn on the
notifications and the notify your get
notified on your phone exactly when I
upload so basically yeah you just click
the ok you will get the alerts ok that's
it for now I'm still here down alright
guys so this is one of those vlogs which
have been happening a lot lately where I
say I've been home all day oh yeah let
me show you guys my pickups from
basically sneaker con Charlotte I didn't
buy any shoes surprisingly one thing I
bought which is like the only thing I
really
was bought the baby does AMD track
jacket this is not the poufy hoodie this
is just the track jacket a very dope I
got it in my size and I paid three
hundred and sixty dollars for that let
me know if you guys think that was an L
or you think that was a W I'm not sure
how much they go for but I think it's
more than that obviously had to show
love and support to the homies Tony and
bullit
they hooked me up with a sample hat and
notes that sample is in like a
pre-production mock-up of the item the
brand is called sample they hooked me up
with the nice little bit this actually
fits really nice it's like in between a
regular snapback and a dad hat so it's
got the leather strap on the back check
them out I'll probably link them down
below if you guys want to check out
their gear if you follow me on Twitter
too I did tweet that I'm releasing a
shirt online this weekend I haven't
shown the front of the shirt but this
shirt is to commemorate every sneak
account of 2016 so the dope thing about
this shirt is that if you went to any of
those cities you can rep this shirt if
you are a die-hard dream crew remember
this is for you this is for you to rep
the crew and rep the success we had it
every single sneaker con this year I'm
not doing pre-orders for this so that
means that when you order it it will
ship it will ship the next day or the
day after within two three days they're
gonna be very limited hopefully everyone
that really wants one can get one
hopefully no resellers end up getting it
but I don't think we'll have that
problem I think everybody who wants one
will be able to get it but this is for
the diehards I will show the front of
the shirt the front of the shirt is
already done I just don't want to show
it yet because I want to leave you guys
on the edge of your seat but the back of
the shirt again it has all the dates
with the cities it will be available
this weekend I believe we're doing it on
Sunday so Sunday when they release they
will be online until they sell out and
that's it
not gonna happen X find out sir won't go
TV that's it I think
