Oh
the company's agenda comes wintery apple
juice good morning guys so today's the
big day New York on Charlotte the last
naked corner of the year and you know we
got to start things off with a good
breakfast or at the hotel restaurant
getting this unlimited breakfast so your
boy is going to get nice and full
because one thing I always do which is
really bad is before sneaker cons is I
don't eat right and then I end up
causing the whole day and setting myself
up to die thought I was an egg pancakes
fill myself up no diet today
no diet at all I have thank you
Cheers
three minutes until space gems go up on
the sneakers that way all right we're in
line right now
hopefully this comes through whatever
you say we just have a very camera yeah
tell me
yeah I do like daily vlogging oh god
whatever I do throughout the day I feel
me yeah I'm going Drock yeah pretty much
hitting a old guard take it out you
gotta finish line no I'm reading it
right now but she puts it up gotta take
the mover freaking cold are you feeling
about this time
good the coldest speaker con so let's
just say we bring in the heat of some
technology good are you all right guys
it's freaking freezing right now we just
got to the convention center trying to
figure out how to get in every time I
come to these conventions I always get
dropped off and then imma lost us how we
couldn't get in from the front entrance
is a line over there we got to go get
our hand stamped else we can't get in
show them the soda fan yeah where'd you
get it
beginning in November nice begin what
three rows with the beginning of the
mixer I goes back outside we can't find
our way in what is this G tell the
people rock in the Space Jam hoodies
so we're coming in from the from the
parking tunnel what is it the NFL arena
we made it we officially are in sneaker
Conn green is it's a beautiful beautiful
for now right now I freaking love this
color this is so sick hi beasts and
cream that's insane immutable Charlotte
exclusive guest recording price we can
is an exome I knew it didn't get home
right yeah there's my Charlotte you know
it's my area let's go y'all are you
doing please first your first so what's
your plans and your reseller you know
keep talkin to yourself yeah
listen 25 minutes until the show starts
walking around oh no man let's do it
nothing Cali that might be too much for
me now I said I don't believe that's
gonna be hot very very good thing threw
that out I'm ready
John the tires yeah well not every man
know we've been yes so I we got everyone
yeah next year we're going although you
can take that repeat ropey next who's
bossy guy yes I may I look are you took
enough else I'm being um be honest but
I'm somebody in the gym you switched up
on you switched up the TV on my only
later he has to be you know be a part of
the dream you can't say no to its Mary
here we go man I think it'll be really
nice I'm good man yeah things we check
for a little bit cold outside people get
in the space gym so I think throughout
the day later on it's going to start
filling up it usually is two or three is
when they come yeah to to spawn time
lonely my brother started five out here
what's up hi how you doing not forgotten
I knew I got paid yourself let's see
what you got on
whoa what are guys I'm going to make a
quick run right now to see what I can
get I see one thing that I want to get
already if I could be fifty cream so my
man right here what's up hi
you got the sofas table I feel like
that's super fun this is we got all the
easy animated pyramid so let's just make
Christmas tree Christmas people are
still setting up are you ins late let's
just say the cold weather gospel the
Space Camp got to up
they just opened the door shout out to
my man right here what I went up eating
out in the building babies you already
know they'd be rocking with me before
the speaker thing blew up so I
appreciate a nose now we got okay try
not to kiss the pedia okay so guys yeah
this is dope roller
all of a sudden let's get it who's man
justice my homie right he just visit us
out out guys he's got a magic trick for
us
pick a card hi take a good look at it
put it back anyone
perfect I
again they stopped anyway long
now watch me give it a quick shake judge
is that my brother to take me hidden
white heart pain perdu because I know
you'll be watching this
hello I would like to shout out Andre
Vasquez and my shoes like to say comfort
is peace comfort just eating the whole
desiderata anger also they're mean to
the people who just shout out you got to
entertain that how you can entertain
them this is jammed
figure and a $1 Jimmy Timmy on chemi-con
high school you know how it is all of a
sudden all of us undo that again one
more time with the hair yeah
do your shout outs in rap some are
grimace or small mostly gone along with
Riskalyze come on country-bred mom got
left over
Oh down to my girlfriend her Gabrus God
nobody got on my girlfriend my baby mama
come on to me the more my fuse month
yeah that was good that you're very good
there you go carrot the only 50 bucks
the number of all the Suttons have
decreased a lot of people aren't paying
attention
hey Cosimo me today Oh
you ain't got the time in the day oh you
guys are gonna say I can see it all in
your face
you just don't Starkey away
you just wanna ride away lose it again
we both make mistakes and you know you
but you don't want to change and when
you're around just for you so I shot the
answer and Hound can't be here all the
way in New Jersey so I got this like
eating always wear your sneakers back
then I heard about my brothers are not
making it here you dissing your brother
yeah yeah
shots fired what do you think yeah I
don't know what do you wanna say no
Columbia season Columbia dirty but
they're better for mystical why do I
like your hair take my mom for sickening
years shut up the moms always right hi I
believe all the sudden you mean you may
be known as a role to her grace dollar
but your resulting solo you can't even
figure out my dinner
I know I'm getting all y'all from so to
remedy night they share so premises fire
grunting I'm saying is koala bears it's
Walden water pedo giving to the fetus
Janice my brother dating I want a pair
of pesos so we are officially sold out
of everything
the secret community here so dope and
everybody so chill I pulled some of
these out I'm gonna give some away you
want to get somebody a shout out if you
give me a bite of your burger are you
no no that was a hobby hobby yeah can I
have Newark you're gonna have oh yeah
900 City good I'll give you a shirt that
I'm gonna ask you a question
feed your gang slavery resellers okay
good
let me think of a question Volkswagen is
YouTube channel name oh come on Mel is
easy looks like additive YouTube channel
there you see that contract you know 100
is YouTube channel is swagga Diddy oh
hey where are sleeker target get started
yeah baby make these noodles you want a
second chance
yeah okay let me see its name all three
of my channel three TV star cocktail
mark and drinking underlying that is
align your dicks Lopez thank you very
much the mail
I'm not you're talking about wrestling
all right if you got a wrestling sailor
he was going cold block match against oh
my god it was at WrestleMania I tell you
that it's so you can grow right up in
that spot where you get it how did mrs.
P you'll give it away
yeah you should know who the plot if you
think about it
WrestleMania has last night it has to be
someone it's really good is the rock oh
so wrong of it you got game all three
kettle I'll give you a hint my name guys
are war
yeah that's a dope you would certainly
go let's talk about the fact that it's
like 30 degrees outside this guy got a
tank top on I heard about that actually
dissented in yes
make sure you give me a tube a yeoman oh
I got C says cool over again
big game hunter we both made the
mistakes anymore but you don't want to
change I can't wait around for you I got
a few things to do you don't need to
thanks yeah yeah don't wanna waste my
time over I'm not losing focus knave all
three of my channel
perfect yeah
hi so more yeah
this thing I need a minute
the vlog channel beam us up today I'm
announcing here what are you really the
longer I watch them all about I can't
remember this no man can hear me out
yummy I've lied you know you don't even
know yours both did you know the truth
teehee oh my god what was the mouse Sona
on TV that we just hit how many
subscribers okay
I can't with this guy you got this
alright I'm not doing new questions new
question let's see what was the last
video that I release on my main channel
hi so more
I'll give you a hint it was miss Timothy
DeLaGhetto right there you go
is it 2x but maybe you can sleep in it
with my man's right here right he has a
comb the hair his girls trying to cut
his hair he must clean his sleep he said
he said he said if you get in the vlog
she won't set us there shout out to my
girl can't cut my hair now we're putting
this up tomorrow
tomorrow yeah cut it tonight yeah then
follow that lose your girls favorite
reseller roof no on crew TV Marvel
Channel we just hit a certain amount of
subscribers what's that number
over 500,000 there you go thank you go
buddy
who's your girl's favorite reseller fire
kick all right there you go
sorry all of a sudden found all the set
of fast when you're walking around keep
your con and looking at the boots that
you see your own shirt on the resale rat
yeah I'm gonna put everything calm Alfie
over there yeah yeah I blew them jacket
into the snow yeah yeah then once
increase for 40 bucks
anything I should try using I play with
why do you selling toys r us boys here
yo you got to do for the kids room I'm
not losing focus
they won't catch you slippin everybody
poses taking pictures where's the vision
on strike got me living high over the
fire block Allah who's it delicious
watching all those YouTube videos with
images in it it all like 80 bucks man
set out to restock Chicago yo can I
trade these for this actually
painting use it for this I think we've
all inside like five bucks you got to
keep going get a rhythm of it you know
what I'm saying
but I traded the size 10 for a size 9
giving it the OL Mart though
let's just say for Claire you gotta I
had to find a way to break away from the
chase I had to go in my it was getting
too deep I went out of my way is
getting too predictable time for me to
grow so never quiet change no one
sitting back now I gotta make late and
if you needed stop well you know our
state if you want to talk well you know
I Stay I am what you don't see all right
guys he cook on Charlotte and all
speaker cons of 2016 are wrapped up I'm
grabbing some food with the YouTube
fellows whose logo so true great
they forced me to go get pizza guys it
wasn't my decision nokia was you know II
wasn't one kind of oyster guy I was
armed Dana Buster's whatever specific
please same buzzes all hospita
nigga converse no shouts everybody that
came by the booths that would so
appreciate all you guys and the comedy
Eastman
got the time in the day oh you guys are
gonna say I can see it all in your face
