Charlotte
currently 11
fifty-four website was supposed to take
off at 12:30 but now it's taking off at
1:00 a.m. the airport is dead but my
flight yes a lot of people waiting to
get on it my dilemma is that I have a
stop in Minnesota and hopefully I don't
miss that stop because it was only like
an hour to switch planes you've got an
hour and so we take off run across now
and I still no sign of getting on the
plane I do know that my ears are very
happy because Jake wills album drops
post Malone's out were dropped so I have
some very new music to listen to
I'm excited about that
what's going on guys I'm not being
overdramatic with the scarf it's really
cool anyway I'm in Minnesota right now
I miss my flight by like 10 minutes my
brother-in-law was actually it's weird
because he left from San Francisco I
left from LA we both had a connecting
flight here in Minnesota and then like
right before I took off I realized that
it was the same connecting flight so we
were supposed to be on the same flight
right now but he literally took off
while exactly when my plane landed I
missed my flight and I have to wait in
for 10 a.m. now and it's currently 6
a.m. so I got a I got some time to kill
and I'm just walking around the airport
it's actually a really nice Airport and
I really want to go outside because it's
like it's not snowing but there's snow
and I'm from California so like so is
rare I'm not hungry or anything but I'm
so bored I might eat
I take that back it is snowing right now
I literally see snow falling feel like I
can go outside and go through airport
security again if I really wanted to but
I feel like that's doing way too much
Minnesota is beautiful from what I see
definitely want to come to here one day
Omar you're 17 thank you
here are you care to go for ye got it
so we just got to Charlotte and it is
beautiful outside this weather is
amazing it is not snowing which I'm
disappointed so I'm about to go to the
hotel right now check-in and then get
the day started because it's already 2
p.m. so the day is already like the
mornings already gone
good morning
alright guys so getting my first I feel
like a football player with all this
with the sweater and the jacket on top
getting the first taste of Charlotte
here downtown I believe so we're going
to go to one of the most exciting games
in it is all season long what is a
premier match of the Charlotte Hornets
versus Orlando Magic tonight the arena
is literally right right across the
street from our hotel right there
I can only probably name two people that
are going to be on the court tonight get
to knock another team off my list of
home teams to go to so shout out to
Hornets hopefully Michael Jordan's in
the building begin go say what's up then
when I see the Carolina Panthers poster
I think of the homie Steph Curry also
Michael Jordan pops a piece of salad
dressing pizzeria
desert not true
where's Oh Ted suggested
and also j.cole let's not forget new
album is out today
I think we walked across the sea so we
just got done eating stopping by CVS
real quick to get a few things before we
head back to the hotel because I got to
drop off this camera before we go to the
game so I could get the small camera
tomorrow is sneak upon I'm really
excited to see the crowd in Charlotte
because I looked it up and there's like
there's no Nike town here
there's no Nike store I mean I want to
adjust it to see how the speaker game is
in different city in space I've never
been to Charlotte so this one's gonna be
pretty dope I feel like these are plush
Oh warm you think HUP surprised at the
amount of fans that Hornets have for us
but then Hornet horn fans are loyal they
come from the games gone cold that day
like this because it's getting really
cold this is a Jordan Brand shirt you
know what I think this Jordan displays
in the arena
yeah let's go there's a sneaker store in
the freaking arena y'all get the same
chance tomorrow very good and that's it
so this is the only cell Jordan here
obviously the Jordan team so I guess
this is like Jordans personal secret sex
shop and they're getting the 11 tomorrow
he said but Jesus ticket holders get
first if there's no chance I will get it
but they do have a lot of good open
these so I wanted to have like think
they even have the 29 they got 29 the
Kobe a seven five one true blues for
cyber monday so they have good stuff
here hey my mommy was all freaking home
yeah he's older so he's freaking look at
this guy's Jordan Hornets here I thought
it didn't still had the license what is
this alright guys so we were looking all
over I Jordan display that have all
Hornet color Jordans in it and we have
to do the workers they said oh there's
because it doesn't exist and I googled
it cuz I've seen pictures of it online
and I googled it and it is here is here
in the arena but it's inside Jordan's
personal suite so the only way to see it
is if you're Michael Jordan but there's
images of it so I'll probably put the
pictures right here
then I wish shall be able to go inside
his suite look at the London carry about
meeting him I would rather go look at
those shoes on
this is one of those times I wish
somebody who watch my videos right here
teaches take me out of here and they can
go shoot around dogs dope this where in
the order to be
talk about a little fun fact the
Charlotte Hornets drafted Kobe Bryant
but traded him to the Laker which we are
very grateful for Thank You Hornet
Oh targets are in turkeys right now we
also need to hold it very good check it
out
because the years ago yeah yeah polyup
booth
you got the new relatively total mess hi
the south for my manager talks letting
me come a secret I'm now meeting Christ
so me $50
so the real boo Scott yeah
we didn't get to meet Jordan gamer
school they got blown out go through the
Hornet
we're going to go to the floor now
because I want to get Jordan Hornets or
something so we'll see what we get fun
so they got a jersey that I want and I
don't want it just just a Hornet I know
you're going to say bandwagon if I buy a
Hornets Jersey but it's a Hornet
throwback of Dell curry which is very
sad check this out no but I'm not going
to buy it just because I know I'm not
going to wear it but it stickers out
Suns losing coughs under money alright
guys so I'm back at the hotel room my
hair's a mess but I call it a night now
today's vlog wasn't as liddie as it
should have been because I'm freaking
tired from the whole day like I've been
in bed since the game ended I'm just
getting ready for tomorrow because
tomorrow sneaker cons so tomorrow is
going to be hectic as hell but it's
going to be really fun and I'm going to
show you guys actually the shoe I'm
wearing because by the time this vlog
goes up I'm pretty sure I've already
posted it on snapchat so let's go ahead
and look at the last sneaker that I will
be wearing to sneaker cons I've been
wearing a lot of Yeezys to sneaker cons
this here I started out let me tell you
guys every time you go to war and if I
can remember first nikka con was Fort
Lauderdale I wore the what to LeBron so
I can sneak a con think it was Cleveland
I wore the Turtledove Chicago I wore
white ovios Bay Area or Yeezy to try la
I wore 750s
I believe come bottom sound' fifties
Dallas I wore donkeys like I'm missing
one Atlanta I wore
ultra boost because I was trying to keep
my legs fresh for the game New York I
wore for LN of these and then
what I'm missing you I can't I can't
think you know saying I want everything
to come this year I think I am the world
heavyweight champion
so I deserve some gold someone
everywhere Andy's first New York on in
Charlotte tomorrow I got these from cool
kicks LA so shout out to cool kicks LA I
appreciate them hooking me up with a
great price on these a lot of people
don't like these they say the quality is
not good I think the quality is really
good really good let me just show you
guys this fine metallic gold I'll be
rocking this with black jeans with the
green hoodie the white Space Jam hat I
believe so we'll see how long I can wear
these before my feet start earning since
it man so appreciate you guys watching
hope you guys enjoyed this hectic vlog
you click on Charlotte if you are in the
area make sure you guys come by and say
what's up I'll be at the crab protect
booth all day long feel like that piece
you
