I'll leave to speaker cons why do I say
I'd meet this sneaker consi here comes
my PO Saturday but I leave to Charlotte
tonight my flight was originally at
12:30 a.m.
it just got delayed to 1 a.m. so I don't
have to be at the airport till 12 that
means I might leave my apartment at like
11 ish it is currently 9:40 once I like
an hour and 20 minutes or so and I
didn't vlog today it was one of those
well having one of those weeks actually
it's one of those weeks where it's like
if you watch the last few vlogs you've
seen that I've literally been in my
house 90% of the time me being home and
not going out I've been able to upload
crew kicks everyday so I'm really
focusing on my work more than anything
just getting everything back in rhythm
pretty much I was trying to think of
things I could do and one thing I
haven't done in a very long time is a
Q&A so I thought I would eat it out ask
me some questions
in regards to the 2016 I haven't looked
at the questions yet so while I look at
that I'm going to pack two we've got a
hundred twenty-five questions and I
treated 11 a minutes ago okay favorite
moment of 2016 favorite moment and what
did it say I have a favorite moment the
things that happened in 2016 I would
have never dreamed of like things were
crazy I would say my favorite moments
were during the tour because I got to
travel cross country even though we call
it the just hectic tour to me I
appreciated it after because I got to
see the whole United States and I got to
meet incredible people and it was
motivating as hell and also creating
memories with day so that was great
because it's on year one for us how many
times did you exercise favorite shoe in
your collection which has been asked
like four times and
I'm going to answer that to the end
because that's like the grand finale
because I only know of my favorite shoe
is that for the 2016 and you guys are
not going to expect it favorite merge
drop my favorite merge drop I think it
was black in red I feel like a high B
shirt which is the first shirt that we
released a sneaker call and Bay Area
that I feel like a hot bee sting
obviously obviously came from I feel
like Pablo and everybody called me a
high fees and everybody called me a high
beats and I bet you know what I'm proud
to be a high fees let me throw it on a
shirt and we didn't reveal it until the
day of sneaker con San Francisco and
people just run banana and the demand
for it was crazy we did the online drop
with just a hundred shirts it sold out
in like four minutes and then we're like
yo we gotta release these four more
people I see them at all the meetups
I seen a few bootleg one two so once you
start once companies selling bootlegs on
Amazon and eBay that means something
right so that's definitely my favorite
drop of favorite merchandise drop of the
year what's my biggest regret and my
biggest accomplishment of the year my
biggest regret is not being consistent
on crew kicks I just kind of lost focus
of it and my biggest accomplishment I
mean it's just building the crew and to
the day still building it and building
and building in and there's not we did
so much this year that there's not just
one accomplishment that stands over the
other but everything it's been a
blessing I never take it for granted
everybody's asking the shoes the shoe
Christian favorite sneaker car
my favorite sneaker con wow that's a
good one
San Francisco LA and New York and the
reasons for that is not no disrespect to
the other cities but the reason for that
is because the whole crew was that it
wasn't just two of us it wasn't just me
alone everybody was able to come to the
sneaker cons and I had so much fun with
you guys I had so much fun with them and
the box were crazy the Bay Area was
really fun I didn't get to leave the
booth a lot I'm going to say probably
New York just because they have the
basketball game what's your most fired
clothing cop from 2016 - my most fire
clothing cop
I think this is my favorite offices this
is my favorite hoodie right here which I
barely rewards the lost Vegas
Pablo and then this is my favorite
jacket it's a WWE legend kind of like a
bomber coach Stone Cold Steve Austin
this is the back right here what is to
sneak a convey see ivory this is
definitely my favorite favorite jacket
favorite clothing pickup of the year
what sneaker do you regret buying the
most that's a good question I'm pretty
sure they came out you this year the low
top one shadows there are size nine and
a half there's just too small this is
one of my biggest regrets favorite album
of the year Travis Scott and I'm saying
that over Pablo and I'm saying that over
views I loved views I love Pablo but
there was something about Travis Scott
album and I'm not even a die-hard fan
like that
I listened to his album and it was just
it blew me away and I still listen to
that like non-stop so Travis Scott album
I'm going to give that album of the year
in my opinion what was your biggest L of
2k16 one of my fragments got stolen yeah
if anybody remembers after log because
they left them outside my door got them
off eBay and took al what's your
Charlotte merch looking like I actually
just posted it on my snapchat right
there it's a forest green and that's all
I'm going to say it's beautiful man it
is beautiful first of all I regret
buying this because I haven't wore it
should I take this just Charlotte with
me your Loki this is going to take up
90% of my freaking bag man everyone's
asking me what I think of Jake cool down
which is I have a salt in Minnesota and
it's a much flight from Minnesota the
parts 10 minutes earlier but my flight
leaving LA to Minnesota is an hour till
just 30 minutes delayed from what I
heard it is a cool vibe I'm looking
forward to listening to it on my plane
right I feel like red-eye flight late
night that's the perfect album to listen
to that album and post Malone's album I
listened to a few songs from pulse
Malone's album and it is fire how would
you describe your year in one word
unreal it's been
real for me it's been the craziest year
of my life honestly I'm not taking the
camo pants where's my phone what is your
favorite movie of the year
good question it wasn't a really good
movie like there wasn't no wolf of Wall
Street there wasn't no anchorman there
wasn't no Dark Knight Dark Knight Rises
those are some of my favorite movies by
the way oh I'm gonna say Star Wars that
came out December last year Civil War I
really like that Iron Man vs. uh Captain
America there wasn't really any other
movies that really stood out to me
honestly favorite sneaker collab of the
year I don't know I would say oh yo
Jordan that I don't know if you could
say that a collab supreme children
Flyers call me I beasts and I have the
white one too but I my proposals out
where did what cause actually hear about
that from I heard about that a favorite
porn site it was the most important
thing that helped you skyrocket this
year
cousin 15 see I know I'm not the most
consistent person but I learned that
when you are consistent you can't fail
if it hasn't worked for the first other
times you try if you keep trying you're
going to finally get it right
consistency is key and I've learned I I
mean I still messed up from the day
because I'm not going to doing food
cakes but I'm learning you know I'm
getting back in rhythm Oh freaking four
rooms the one that asked me where Wilcox
heard about that actually okay there's a
few questions then I'm done with big
questions already filled up like it
there's no more questions I don't think
let me refresh one more time there's a
few questions that that weren't in there
that I kind of wish were in there so
I'll just ask them to myself cut what
was your favorite YouTube channel of
2016 my favorite YouTube channel of 2016
I think it's obvious what's Casey nice
stat and what culture wrestling I love
what culture wrestling they do the best
top ten
I love Casey obviously he's just on
another level but those three channels
were my go-to channels I didn't say any
names this time because I'm packing so
I'm sorry exciting challenge really I
apologize that was the most asked
question was the best sneaker my
favorite sneaker of 2016 I can show you
I have two number one the other one
it didn't come out in 2016 so I'm going
to save that for my top 10 sneaker
pickups of 2016 but as far as the best
shoe that's came out in 2016 this shoe
right here was my favorite sneaker pick
up my favorite sneaker colorway and my
favorite shoe of 2016 I wore this more
than anything
I loved it to death and you guys are
going to be probably surprised but this
is my favorite sneaker of 2016 the black
and white uncage will black and gray
uncaged ultra boost in this is the
general release this is an old hype this
is the most comfortable the most
wearable my freaking favorite like look
how much I wore this like there's lint
on the inside shout out to Mina she
actually got me B so she knows me very
well that is pretty much going to be it
for today's vlog I'm going to finally
finish your packing this is all I got
done so far is my underwear some warm
clothes my jacket my electronic charging
some stuff up over here Charlotte I will
see you this weekend at sneaker Con
thank you guys for watching today's vlog
even though it was just me in my room
again I promise you this weekend's vlogs
are going to be lit because we're going
to Charlotte for the last sneaker cons
of 2016 I hope to see some of you guys
there and I'm out of here man easy
