tonight we are going to witness for the
championship
what is going on guys today I have
something very very special for you I'm
going to show you guys my entire sneaker
collection the last time I did that was
about January so it's been about a year
and things have really really changed as
you can tell I've redone my whole
apartment so that I can make this crazy
sneaker wall with these brand-new Krept
protect CREP crates I got rid of the old
ones these new ones are durable even
though it took us all day to set them up
it was worth it
because it looks amazing and we're just
gonna run through some of this stuff
some of this stuff less talking more
action I know you guys want to see my
entire sneaker collection so let's get
you think subtle I'm gonna hit you with
the banger that you wouldn't expect BAM
New Balance collab with Stan's socks I
got this earlier this year from Stan's
all shout out to this dance socks family
shout out to Alby for always taking care
of me just a dope shoe something a
little bit different I haven't worn them
yet but I definitely want to wear these
for the winter time hyper dumps now I
got these from one of you guys in London
he gifted them to me and I told him I
was gonna hoop in these for the hoops
classic I didn't end up doing that
because when I put them on they weren't
as comfortable as they were back in the
day you know the technology has changed
so I mainly have a lot of my Kobe's here
I'm not gonna show you guys all of them
but this one is means a lot to me
couldn't afford these back in the day
and I really really wanted them and I
told myself one day I'm gonna get them
and I did get them and pretty cool that
I actually proposed in these to Mina so
this she was always gonna stay in my
collection Cobie aid mom mercurial they
just absolutely killed it with this shoe
like look at that how far is that the
details are crazy on this some Nike IDs
I wore this in the Atlanta hoops classic
these are pretty dope these three
sneakers right here which is a Kobe Cady
and a LeBron each of those were made
when I hit a hundred thousand
subscribers on my channels and I kind of
like forgot that I even had these I
think I might give these away when we
reach 1 million subscribers Oh see Kobe
sixes Barcelona Kobe sixes I wish I took
this with me to Barcelona when I was out
there a few weeks ago something I
haven't worn yet over yo Clark's very
very dope shoe I gotta bust these out
when I got like a business meeting
we got the red bottoms not gonna show
you guys those cuz I showed you guys
those before Gucci shoes right here
these aren't even released yet but Mena
knows people who know people so she got
me these for our anniversary
half the snake on one side and then the
head of the snake on the other side you
know BAE keeps me on my designer stuff
so she also got me these for our
anniversary last year I believe these
are the LV joints and this is it kind of
looks like a van you know I'm saying
even though I get paid a lot of sneakers
she actually takes care of me - y'all
just don't notice it so thank you Mina
for being the best fiance in the world
babe and MDEs without the green colorway
the black colorway nothing too crazy for
Elle this is my only human race Trail
the friends-and-family maroon human race
this was my most expensive pickup of all
time when it comes to sneakers
besides the Chanel's that I got Mina but
from my own personal pickups this is my
most expensive one Nice Kicks nmds one
of the sneaker stores in Vegas they
hooked me up with these I think I paid
like seven or eight hundred dollars for
it
creme ultra boosts my adidas ultra boost
super bowl ultra boosts and other my
ideas ultra boost gold medal ultra boost
this one right here this is the Chinese
New Year ultra boost for 2017 shout out
to my man penny I've met some really
dope people through sneaker con and he's
one of them so I'm like super grateful
what sneaker con has brought to my life
meeting some dupes super dope people
mystic community speaking of sneakers
that people give to me I got to dope as
needed right here the collabs with Tony
D to wild and this one is from hess
kicks and they both gifted me uh one of
their shoes and it's dope to have these
Inca look in the collection because when
I see these shoes it's motivating to me
hoping that one day I would I will be
able to get my own sneaker collab too so
all my easy adidas basically the 350s
I'm not gonna get too much into them
just because you guys have seen them so
much for me 750s which I barely even
wear them I should bust them out for the
wintertime I'm gonna take off this rope
because you know I'm saying it's getting
kind of hot in here basically I have
every colorway of the v-2 which I'm
really really happy about all the stripe
colorways we've got the new belugas this
right here the blue tints I got these
off of easy supply because I did order
the mud rats that means they sent me the
early access link to buy these I really
like this colorway I liked the frozen
yellow a little bit more but these are
fire when it comes to the v2s
I don't want to see any more colorways
like how we have a whole row of v2s
literally a whole row of v2s I'm done
like please no more colorways I don't
want
more Callaway's as someone who's trying
to collect all the easies the colorways
they are releasing rumored to be in 2018
are just too simple to have all of them
you know what I mean you know the good
thing is that now everybody who really
wants use these is able to get Easy's
because they're making more pairs these
two right here I got both of these this
year I believe and I bought both of them
used so I got them for a really good
price I'm not too crazy about them I
thought about selling them but then I
convinced myself that if I'm gonna try
to collect all the easies these
definitely need to stay in my collection
before we get to the easy tools just a
quick show the LV Easy's right here the
easy tools I was fortunate enough to
complete the set I got the red Octobers
the blacks and the whites this one is
probably the most like sought after the
one that everybody wants right here
shout out to be sneak for the good price
on these he hooked it up this is the
most important one to me this was the
first like easy that I ever got I saved
up and I saved up for so long to finally
buy these I was only making like $1,000
a month off of YouTube and I just saved
my money sold other shoes to finally be
able to buy these and open the door for
me
it opened the door and it made me want
to work harder to be able to buy more
dope at sneakers like this the wave
runners you already know how much I love
these like I don't need to talk about it
these are we need more colorways my
collection needs more colorways of bees
please adidas if you're watching this
call me we need more colorways over here
I got my fear god fans we got the new
marshmallow colorway I got the og
colorway I bought these for $300 on the
day that they came out and that same day
I was like if he I'm like yo do I really
want to pay $300 for a pair of vans and
thank God I did because these things go
for like a thousand dollars a pair of
vans going for a thousand dollars so I'm
really happy I pulled the trigger on
those I got these ones for retail from
complex con I won the raffle me and I've
had both won the raffle and then a slip
off I just bought these from New York
but I really want the black and white
colorway but those are cool too speaking
of vans we do have a few vans right here
being from California vans are very very
popular when I was in high school all we
wore his vans vans with the
songs like these that's how we used to
do it we got these custom ones right
here you can actually make your own pair
of vans on vans calm so I did like a
camel and I put crew in orange kinda to
match that like I feel like I hate B
shirt that I made the supreme up temples
I work on cago I believe Travis Scott
Air Force Ones you already know the
drill with these you could replace the
swooshes from the ten off white sneakers
that came out I have five which is the
Air Force Ones the hyper dumb Presto's
vapor maxes and then we're not going to
get into the Jordans just yet but the
Jordan one right there another dope
sneaker I told you guys these are number
four on my top ten list for 2017 this is
the collab joints right here the Cloud
Cult whatever they are this is very dope
colorway we got some Tyrese right here
the Kyrie Kobe Bruce leaves the what the
kairi's I got them in two colorways I
really really like this colorway this
was the Asia exclusive it's got like
this weird tag right here like you can't
rip that off
it's just random as hell that it has it
right there this is a Kyrie for this is
the first colorway from the Kyrie 4 I
actually just picked these up off of
Mina's cousin so shout out to the plug
on these ones right here I haven't shown
you guys that I got these but this is
pretty cool these were actually sent to
my peel box and this is actually an Air
Force one with my face lasered on it
right there
and then on this side it says my name is
Omar and then on the toe it has a map of
San Fran San Francisco which is really
really dope all right so now we're gonna
get into the Jordans I would say most of
my collection is Jordans because I don't
know I'm a huge Jordan one for now
I love the Jordan one when it comes to
my sneaker rotation I always seem to get
rid of shoes to get new shoes and it
makes me look like I just started
collecting when that's not really the
case I've always been into them I just I
have a problem with keeping shoes
because I want new ones we got the
flying it Jordan ones up there those
were really really comfortable some
jordan Elevens right here I don't have
too many pairs we got the supreme fives
I got them in the two colorways that I
like which is the white colorway and the
desert camo colorway fire right here I
don't have the black colorway I'm not
really interested in the black all the
way Chicago's black toes bred to the
regular eye to the non sneaker head when
they see this they're probably saying
why do you have three of the same shoe
love this shoe right here love these
these are one of my favorite Jordan ones
right here this is another shoe where
they try to say that I had fakes but
these are not fake people come on now
Jordan Brand classics there's been
rumors of these coming out again for the
past like three years it never happens I
don't think it's gonna happen but
hopefully it does because I want to see
more patent leather Jordan ones in the
in the near future
another very dope shoe that Jordan
branded gift me was the shattered
backboard to point oh I haven't worn it
yet I have not worn these yet man I'm I
don't know why I just haven't gone
around to wearing them obviously you
know the 1.0 is way better in quality
it's a way better colorway I think as
well I love the cream right here I was
kind of hoping we'd get a third version
of the shattered backward this year but
it didn't happen
maybe next year that would be dope just
because my favorite color is orange
obviously my sneaker of the year the
off-white Jordan ones I'm not gonna talk
too much about it just because I already
have Doernbecher Jordan ones I bought
these out in Portland during our tour
funny story about the shoes actually had
these back in the day when they first
came out I was working at Valley Fair
Mall and there was actually a Nike
running store in there and one morning
when I was going to work these were on
display from the window and I was
what the couldn't believe it so I go
into the store and I buy him for I think
it was like a hundred ten hundred twenty
bucks and I sold them for six hundred
bucks at the time I needed the money
more than I needed the shoe obviously I
regret it now really love the fragments
this is a classic colorway gold top
threes a dope sneaker of 2017 satin
Royals limited to 701 pairs I guess you
could call these the satin shadows I
guess even though it has full corduroy
right here but these are the Allium a
brad sat ends right here if you're gonna
collect them you gotta collect them all
shout out the perfect pair and if we're
talking about statins there's one more
set in Jordan that you gotta include the
SNL Jordan sixes I call these the satin
Jordan 6 is just because it is satin
it's that like olive green colorway from
his jacket that he wear wore on his
opening monologue for SNL Gatorade pack
I got the blue Gatorade I got the orange
Gatorade and then we got the green
Gatorade I got these from the fix kicks
in the Bay Area retail boys hashtag
retail boys shout out to the fix kicks
for that I do have one more shoe coming
from the Gatorade pack which is actually
the lime-green vault Jordan one those
are literally supposed to be delivered
today but we had to film this video kind
of early so I don't think those will be
delivered in time for the video but just
know they come in another slept on shoe
I feel like for this year was the week
Jordan one these are pretty dope right
here these are the russell westbrook
MVPs right here aka that the mister
triple doubles I got these from sneaker
con I was actually gifted these by the
sneaker con family so shout out to the
sneaker con family this shoe is just
nutso like one shoe is orange one shoe
is blue like this back tab has this
picture on it and it's 3m all in this
gray area you got both Jumpman being
different colors like this shoe is
insane
carmine sticks is right here I haven't
wore these yet I've had these for almost
two years now and these were gifted to
me by one of you guys and these are some
of the shoes that
the most to me because they came from
you know you guys paid for them and you
gave them to me I didn't need them but
you insisted on me having them so I I
thank you guys for that over here we got
some 1413 I don't really wear 13s that
much this is a dope colorway the DMP
pack very slept on I feel like this year
I have to get these because when I was
younger I really really wanted these and
I I didn't know how to get them you know
I'm saying there's there's certain shoes
that you got to buy that you couldn't
get when you were younger to make up for
you know lost times I guess I don't know
another Jordan 13 I believe these are
called the new love's I think this is
like an Asia exclusive these were also
gifted to me by the homie penny so shout
out to penny for these really appreciate
it I haven't worn these yet
oh these threes right here are crazy
this is from the Safari pack it kaa
airmax they pack they released with the
air maxes and this is inspired by a
classic Air Max silhouette shout out to
go for these they gave me these as a
thank you for making a few videos about
them all blue just dawn inspired by the
Chanel bag so you see like the quilted
leather right here on the toe over here
we got the Jordan 12 PS my in the green
colorway have them were there's a lot of
I have so many shoes I realized that I
haven't worn I need to start wearing
these over here I got the ovios I'm not
gonna show you guys those too much
because I have shown you guys those a
lot but I got both the white ovios the
tens in the twelves and then both the
black ovios right there getting to some
of my more I guess rare Jordans we got
the cause right here the black hair and
a great pair which I like the gray pair
more it was in my top 10 this was
actually number 10 these two right here
these are my most expensive Jordans
right here we got the legend of the
summer Jordan one man this shoe right
here is just beautiful I actually wore
these to sneak a con Memphis just full
glitter there's like 3 4 colorways of
the legends of the summer Jordan 1 this
is my personal favorite right here this
one pops the most to me I'll be real
with you these are so uncomfortable the
leather is nice
but it is so stiff and these right here
these are my ultimate this is probably
the fit my favorite Jordan in my
collection the Jordan Kobe eight if you
guys know Jordan did not release the
pack it was a friends-and-family box set
I've heard different things I heard
there was only 50 pairs I heard there
was only 75 pairs I don't know I don't
have the threes I do have the eights
I did decrease the value of the shoe
because there's a cut on the leather I
don't know how I got that cut on the
leather because I didn't even play
basketball and these I just wore them
but I'm never gonna sell these so it
doesn't matter this is this is a Grail
this is crazy and I got to keep the box
so that was dope the fact that I have a
Jordan that was made for Kobe is is dope
to me it's unbelievable it's super super
sick normally in the little display
cases one of them is this ovo 12 right
here this one is actually a
friends-and-family edition so the
quality on these is way better than the
pair that came out this is actually not
my size I can't really tell you guys how
I got these or the backstory on them but
all I could say is that it's a size 12
so yeah that's all I can say
Big Sean adidas Detroit players as you
can see I met Big Sean twice and he's
one of my favorite artists and he's very
inspiring his music inspired me back in
the day with his of his first album
finally famous was like the lyrics in
that album is super super motivating to
me I just always listen to it at night
and just like dream about you know
succeeding and all that so it's pretty
dope that there's actually a quote from
that album on the inside of the shoe and
then we got the Ray Allen joints right
here these are the Ray Allen 13 if you
guys don't know I was really lucky
enough to interview
and play force with Ray Allen himself at
sneaker con so shout out to the sneaker
con family for giving me that
opportunity and after the game I asked
them to sign these and he did and he was
just such a such a cool guy you know I'm
saying he was really really nice and the
shoutouts that sneaker con family for
making this happen
all right so over here I got a few of
the boxes that you know these companies
have sent me and here's one from chance
force that they recently sent me this is
the be like Mike Gatorade pack so open
this up they actually sent it in a
cooler which was pretty dope and I'm
probably gonna use this cooler one day
and then it came with the Gatorade sixes
right here and my family at Jordan Brand
blessed me because look at this this is
bruh you open it up and it's got Mike
right there with his celebration and the
NBA Finals and then we got the Jordan
sixes and we got the Jordan thirty twos
I called these the 33s last time I don't
know what I was thinking but these are
the Jordan thirty twos I gotta say last
year's box set to me was a little bit
better this is the Space Jam box set the
Monstars box set and when you open it up
BAM it comes with the DVD it's gonna
play a video right now watch this we're
gonna pause that and you got the Jordan
31 space gym and then obviously you got
the Jordan 11 Space Jam right there 45
on the back I sometimes forget I even
own these right here cuz they just sit
in the box but I gotta remind myself I
have them so that I can wear them more
but this is super super dope joining
brand just killed it with this box set
last but not least we got the stuff in
curry Under Armour championship box set
this did release in the public but it
didn't come in this full wood packaging
but you open it up and you got the white
colourway
right there which did re-release by
itself which is it kind of sucks that
they rereleased it by itself but you got
the white colorway and then you open it
up you got the Hat you got the cigar
holder which I don't really need
an actual cigar which I'm not going to
use and I'm disappointed again because
they released the back the black
colorway by itself - like that
frustrated me and it's not about like
people on being the only person to have
this obviously I'm not the only person
to have this but why are you gonna
release a box set and then release the
shoes individually you know what I'm
saying I didn't understand that but
still a very dope shoe very very happy
to have these in my collection alright
guys so that wraps up my sneaker
collection to end off the year I really
hope you guys did enjoy this is actually
going to be probably my last video of
the year so we ended it with a bang hit
that thumbs up if you guys did enjoy and
if for some reason you are not
subscribed make sure you guys subscribe
because as soon as we reach 1 million
subscribers I'm going to give away 10
pairs of Easy's not my only imma go get
ten new pairs and I'm gonna give them
away to you guys and don't forget we got
the blazing crew merch available right
now on blazing Krukow everybody who buys
the merge will automatically get entered
into the giveaway for us to fly you to
California to come hang out with us at
sneaker Con and we are officially done
I'll see you guys in 2018 because we got
some big things planned I promise you
that
