hey Huard
for what
no way baby I'm I said I not Lani I just
what's going on guy so it's really late
we're starting the vlog really late I
was logged all day yeah this is really
bad I was all day editing I fell my crew
kicks right now if you guys go to crew
cage there's a fire video on crew kick
that did some crazy stuff if you guys
didn't know I just announced that on
crew kicks I'm uploading four days a
week instead of every other day so it's
going to be Monday Tuesday Thursday and
Friday so I'm going to take weekends off
and I'm going to take ones days off but
when I say that that means I'm going to
be spending those days off to create the
content for the other videos so I'm
excited about that
yes 7:45 p.m. I think I've had a really
productive day even though I was logged
all day and taking care of a lot of work
because I actually leave to Charlotte
tomorrow night getting ready for sneaker
con Charlotte the last Niekerk on of the
year yeah man that's it
I walked no I walked for three minutes
greasy and then I run for one minute at
seven-speed and I go back to three-speed
for a minute and I go to a speech for a
minute and I go to three speech for a
minute here in April to nine weeks for a
minute then I go to three speak for a
minute and I finish off with ten speeds
that gets you to a mile in eight minutes
and then after running a five hour
shower then another after running I go
to the I get to 40 don't are not the
dumbbell area Barrios I do ten put it
down for a minute to ten for dr. men do
ten and I go downstairs and then I went
down our first I stretch before when ego
is pretty good way to label and you can
get a few free personal training
sessions it did a good you interested
and no no okay
haha yeah because if as soon as you say
yeah they blow up your phone they're
still blowing up my phone and she calls
me the other day so you have that three
hour
yeah and then you learn what to do is
I'm gonna walk in like this next time I
mean you just and another Monday should
be said chest today Wednesday is oh yeah
you should just do Monday you should do
Bobbie knee to chest by back and by try
the shoulders and I'm doing cardio I'm
just doing cardio first button I said
excuse me like or yeah do the best ones
after the workout I go to the bathroom
and there's a couch at the TV I go have
an apple
sit down watch some TV data walks in how
you doing bud well I'll make it make it
all guys out on the private Locker so I
don't see anybody going on guys so I
just got consent to well we just got to
Santa Monica but I'm rushing to the
adidas store because all the stores
closed in 20 minutes we have
reservations to eat at Benihana at nine
o'clock which I'm really excited about I
love that place but Alan arrested a
distorts the seeds they have all these
new whole tree booths that came out
we got the new 3.0 ultra beaut never
seen him in person trying on the grape
hair I like a black parent but I already
have like four pairs of block titles you
saw lunch on the great pair yourself
guys
um so well I don't know say sorry so so
really exciting you can make my own
music channels NGC so subject CD is the
state's peace and increase what I
basically do is just fashion blogs and
men's fashion and juicy okay cool yeah
tweet it to me i'll check it out ion
meeting you yeah yeah couldn't help it I
picked up two 3.0 ultra boost and let me
tell you guys something this is
different the knit the primary is so
thin it's like a sock so I had to go
size down because my foot was so loose
in there I got a size 10 usually
actually a lot of my ultra booster sized
enter the cage is transparent but I was
pretty dope but yeah I'm gonna check out
chance to since he got game you know
that's actually I'm going guys I walked
into chance board and they had one of
these chillin at the register and I'm so
happy you guys know I've been on the
hunt for this and it's my side
yeah
alright guys you don't know how happy I
am as you guys know I went on a mission
I had a whole blog dedicated to getting
those triple blocks and literally I go
inside Cham and then I looked at the
register and I see them just chilling
there you know how they always keep that
one sneaker at the register that's like
a really dope sneaker and I asked them
like did somebody return this and
they're like no we just released them
today so apparently they came out today
they just happened to have my size left
and I'm so happy so I'm gonna go home
and look at them I didn't really get to
look at them but I haven't seen them in
person yet so today was a let's just say
patient Benihana was amazing oh my god I
ate all my food and then I looked over
to her plate and I'm like I can't let
this go - wait you don't know that I
can't let this beautiful dish that was
prepared in front of us I had to pay my
respects to the chef I had to finish her
food - it's a great night guys very
great night what's going on guys good
morning I don't want to just end the
vlog there because it was super short I
want to look at these sneakers right
here I haven't even looked at them I got
home and I knocked out I was so tired
basically I picked up two ultra boost
from Santa Monica within like 30 minutes
3.0 ultra boost right here as you guys
can see let me tell you guys something
look how thin this material is I don't
even know if this is yeah it's still
prominent but it's like a very
employment it's kind of weird wearing
them it's basically like a salt we still
got that continental water when I put
them on feet I saw them from this angle
I really liked it this angles like
whatever but this is my first great
colorway so I thought I'd add it to the
collection where the Sharks lead like
you can go camp out first shoe and
you'll get it but when you walk in and
they just have one pair chill in there
it's the greatest thing ever and when
she told me the signs I was so happy
these are just beautiful this might be
one of my favorite pickups of the year
this is the triple black uncage ultra
booth as you guys can see the heel cups
actually kind of greyish scores don't
you do justice I've been picking up some
fire all to loosely I'm really
happy to get these you know what I like
use a lot they remind me at the pitch
black nmds and if you guys know those
shoes quickly go for like three four
grand I like tall ultra boost more than
the enemies you can see how they painted
the boost in there you see how to white
it then and it turns to black so you
have an two of my pickups from yesterday
I think these are two very dope ultra
boost shoutouts videos these are
freaking amazing man I can't get over
these okay let go okay more attention to
this cheering alright guys thank you for
watching today's vlog I'm sorry it
wasn't very very long as you guys know I
started it really late hopefully still
enjoyed it I'm up early right now it's
just like currently 9 a.m. I think 9 10
a.m. or so I'm going to so got a long
day we leave to Charlotte tonight at 12
a.m. which is tomorrow morning
technically but to me it's tonight
speaks con Charlotte this weekend don't
forget to come out support we got the
exclusive hoodies for sale Kenny if I
don't fall together
