Oh
you ain't got the time in the day
oh this gentleman said I worked out from
about an hour two miles on the treadmill
but this is too much distracting me on
the outside world
alright guys so I came back home there
was a package waiting for me as you guys
saw from chance and then I unbox the
others thing cuz I didn't know what it
was adidas sent me the James Harden I
was not even expecting to get these
you're on crew kicks you already saw me
on boxes but they sent me the whole
packaging and everything like like a
special packaging and then I also
involved these bad boys and these are
just beautiful in person and images
don't do justice on how beautiful this
shoe is right here yeah you can go watch
the unboxing of that I'm going to
unblock that right now because I can't
make a separate video for that on
fruitcake okay so basically I've ever
received a package from champs in a very
very long time I actually thought that
they took me off of their seating list
for some reason or actually kind of
thought that they took me off their
seating list because I complained one
time I noticed recently that they've
been giving a lot of other youtubers a
lot of the retro Jordans like cyber
Mondays and then they got the true blues
and I didn't get any of those I it
didn't really matter to me I didn't want
to make a big deal out of it because to
me it's just like we started finally
getting speakers that we actually would
go buy from the store and I was happy to
see some of my friends the other
youtubers actually getting the shoes too
so as long as we made a difference and
change and we actually are getting
sneakers that we like I think that was
the most important thing so I wasn't
going to stay here and complain or make
a video about it and it's funny because
I actually is talking to Tony D Tony D
to wild about this situation on the
phone and we were talking about champs
and all that now it's here my doors
thank you chancellor I appreciate it and
the reason why I'm not making a video
again on these is because I already have
this sneaker but um yeah I'm still
excited to have it because this was a
shoe that I was going to double up on
anyway go ahead and open it up I just
peeked in here so I didn't open it all
the way I do exactly what it was from
the box you guys are going to be so
pissed at me that I have another pair of
these years going to be like you don't
need it I agree I don't need it you guys
are hard to sit correct I don't need
these but thank you chance because I got
to double up on these so check this out
I think you guys already know what it is
you have 245 on here very
can see it the 45 is on there and it's
wrapped with the two three that's pretty
dope right there and then we got the 45
begin on the box so we'll open that up
11 right here 45 again represented on
the tissue paper BAM we have ourselves
the Air Jordan 11 2016 Space Jam these
will be available on December 10th I
believe which is the same day that I
will be at sneaker Con and shortly so
make sure you guys come out this is the
highly anticipated Jordan 11 retro of
2016 as you guys know every time around
this year they do release listen to form
over here I got to be casual with you
guys scissors the vlog so every year
around this time they release a Jordan
11 for the holidays a lot of people the
thing that they're saying about the shoe
is always going to sit it's going to sit
even if it sits that's not going to take
away from what this shoe is this is the
Jordan Space Jam 11 this is probably one
of the greatest sneakers of all time
colorway to the model to the story
behind it it's a spaceship when these
last came out y'all were killing each
other over them and now because Jordan
made them available for everybody to
have like they made tons of pairs you
guys don't want it the price point is
not even bet how much is he going to
close to 20 to 20 is not even bad for
this shoe I say give it about a year
then the value of the sneaker will go up
as far as resale for all the resellers
buy this shoe because you like it
because they like the story behind it
it's dope men and I'm happy that they
make she was very easy to get these days
my first pair of Jordan 11 not my first
pair of Jordans well my first pair of
Jordan 11 are the breads that came out
things 2002 right - what am I saying
2012 was it 2012 I don't know but I got
him off Nike calm I was so happy when I
got him in my cart and I checked out
like you have no idea I was jumping for
joy and when they came I still have them
I don't keep them here they're so
precious to me that I keep them back
home in their original like box that I
have those will forever be a sneaker
that's in my collection forever because
it says Jordan bread 11 Man for retail
for retail you can't go wrong baby Thank
You champs no I really appreciate a
chance you guys don't understand I
thought like you guys didn't like me
anymore or something but
but I'm really happy that you guys are
Sammy these unexpectedly I mean getting
a more unexpectedly is better than
knowing that they're coming because it's
just like a very good supply so thank
you guys the time in the day oh man turn
this slide off because too dramatic
shout-out to shoe butter you actually
made a post telling his followers to go
to my page and spread some love - it was
dope to see a lot of his followers to
come over and show love so shout out to
the butter movement three days away from
Charlotte's Niekerk on what sneakers
will I be wearing I cannot tell you
Saturday morning you guys will find out
when I show up the sneaker con I'll be
at the crow tengu I'll get some of these
bottles away come by the crab protect
booth I'm gonna make sure some of you
guys get some free crap just no fan
hopefully my energy gets I'll be better
tomorrow sorry if I brought anybody down
in today's vlog with all my vibes you
know that cute cube it out off I'm in my
boxers yeah I just woke up so tired man
I feel much better than yesterday just
getting every day's a new day so if
you're down one day block out the world
get in your zone and the next day start
over that's all I can tell you guys is
that I feel great today I feel much
better today I'm ready to conquer the
day take advantage of the day start
working I got to go eat I'm hungry but I
got some sneakers right here that I
forgot to show you and it was sent to my
PO Box and I'm going to end the vlog
with it so basically I got the letters
right here starts out with Christ Omar
thank you wanted to keep this short and
informal as possible but the biggest
thing I wanted to take from all this is
a big thank you
posting consistent positive uplifting
funny and last but not least influential
material I've been working and I'm
really getting this laser stuff figured
out and I finally got it his name is
Harry so shout out to Harry Twitter is
Duffy tape I believe the ufy ta te
I'll show you guys my favorite part
first so basically let me bring this in
here that is lasered in there that is my
picture on the size 10 Air Force one
yeah man it's freakin insane I wish you
guys can see the detail in person you
can see the engraved mint that's me of
course I'm holding the elbow there I got
my hat on like I always do and then the
other side of it it's kind of smeared
and this is where he said in the notes
that this is the first one he's made so
he did mess up a little bit and touch it
and smear it kind of went with that
Pablo type font and this is my name
Christ Omar
again that is lasered in there I wish I
could show you the definition and on the
toe we got a map of San Francisco aka
the Bay Area that's beautiful man that
is really beautiful and thank you so
much man thank you Harry I appreciate it
man this is like one of the dopest
things anybody could have ever sent to
my peel box
I'm sorry if I don't seem so excited I'm
really tired because I just woke up so
those are my one of one laser Air Force
Ones we'll call these the Pablo Mars
leave some positive comments down below
not just for myself but for everybody
else reading them for everybody else was
having a bad day just read the comment
section section down below cause
hopefully there's some positive comments
in there if that doesn't help go outside
find something that makes you happy
whether it's a person some food some
sneakers some art whatever it is
whatever you need to make yourself happy
do it and yes for watching thumbs up see
you guys tomorrow it's another volatile
must be roaming business
up all night trying to get my my right
roof
everybody politic it I'm just living
life on a mission they won't get it
let's just give it I must confess
