it
I know your side you take your side
sometimes changing today stop
hungry
really yeah Avenue whatever food you
want I don't know it's like nighttime
walking like a breath to tap oh my
that's Abad that's the vibe breakfast
cereal say no more
but you know I I don't just like my
cereal with milk and cereal I want to
throw something in there and spice it up
hmm alright guys so you probably seen
the title of this vlog and yo you know
what I just want to do this because it's
different and it's cool and just going
to look dope so we're going to do stuff
that lets go so basically my v2 is right
here this is the green pear the green
stripe I haven't wore these ones yet I
wore the other two so I wanted to do
this pair because it's fresh out of the
box so as you guys can see the tag is
still on there so we're going to be
taking these and putting them in cereal
I think we're going to do cereal cereal
cereal cereal we're going to put these
in cereal and we're going to pour milk
in them have a little bit of cereal then
we're going to take the shoe out and see
what the damage is so hopefully they
don't get too damaged but we're going to
go to the store right now grab
everything we need and then come back
and have ourselves some cereal view is
so beautiful right now alright guys so
basically maybe this instruction you
want to make sure the surface is clean
shake you let it rest for 10 minutes and
then you spray it again and let it rest
for 10 minutes so
go wait ten minutes now Q&A cute do QA
are guys we gotta do one more layer now
in 15 minutes I was scared when this
stuff first came out before I was a
couple of ago that's going to mess up my
shoe but hey do that you know saying
takes care of it making shoes last
longer and now you want to wait another
10 minutes and while we wait that 10
minutes we go and buy some cereal let's
go how many boxes of cereal do you think
it's going to take is it the small box
why take the regular box I don't know
what we ate a boxes it's better to buy
more yeah because you know we go eat it
anyway so the reason why we're doing
three pebbles it hits with it's so
colorful so how do you think it would
look the best handle keeps expensive
4:49
whooping the fake booty pepper
oh the bag goes over here we could buy
just buy like one of those boxes and
then we'll fill the rest of it up with
this right here oh you did for easy oh
and then we'll get one box of the real
you first the guy she told you not to
worry about
alright guys so we didn't buy any back
when you buy all the stereo but you know
and I pay ten cents for a back alright
guys so we got all our supplies here we
got our official Fruity Pebbles these
are all official Fruity Pebbles - you
know I'm saying this they come in a
different bag before I do all this shout
out the name brand always those crazy
stuff with his sneakers and he put like
a Slurpee inside of his ultra boots and
things like that so I thought of him
when I came up with this idea and a lot
of other people actually tagged me in a
picture of some of the eating cereal out
of the EZ recently but I had this idea
while ago I just never did it's about
saving it for a rainy day
a rainy day um it doesn't think this is
enough cereal to fill up the box I think
it is so I think we're good yo this is a
hopper we have way more than you need so
if we have extra ones we'll find them
and we'll do a giveaway so make sure you
hit that thumbs up
so basically chapter one more
I think for back we'll fill this papa
I'm dying inside a little bit this this
is disgusting okay here we go we're
going to stick the easy with other
public stuff got it here just by me dip
it in there let's just say we making
these Easy's a little bit more colorful
what is the other one okay - no yeah I
feel like this yep and it's deep in
there the reason why I put the plastic
battery so nothing goes inside this is
going to hurt some fold right here
marry me and my easy pretty couples
edition yeah you're right we don't need
another one
and I can no longer see any easy three
two adidas boots so it's in this box
right here we have a easy adidas v2
organ you can't see it you know what I
ago my stereo what do you eat your
cereal family milk a little bit of milk
um we're gonna pour a little bit of milk
up in here whoa and now all you need it
in school you know back in my country
though we use our hand will this easy
survive will it survive the test of a
fruity pebble war oh my god I think this
might be a little bit messy so it's not
that bad but there's tons of little
crumbs all over the sneaker all over the
shoe it's like being the shoe dude I
don't know if this is going to be able
to get cleaned we're going to actually
set up and we're going to clean this
sneaker to see if we can get all this
little chunk off of it honestly this is
this is crazy ambiguous a little bad
idea
alright guys so I just want to give you
a closer look at how this cereal is like
literally like deep down in there like
like going like this won't even do
anything like it's still going to be in
there so got one of these brushes real
quick
you're going to these not like it didn't
watch you think so
Oh
failure one yeah there's I don't see any
like little there look that it looks
like there's some stuff in there but
that's above original from the original
color like it's supposed to be honest
literally guys that took less than five
minutes it was easy I mean it was just
pretty much duck you know I'm saying
there's nothing that would really stain
it with a brush it really took it out
easy just to give you guys a closer look
it looks like that could be these little
dots right here it could be from the
three pebbles but that's actually from
the original shoe like it has those
little dots on there that matches the
green stitching of crimenet areas hey
thumbs up if you guys want us to do more
crazy experiments like this like random
stuff maybe Chaput my camera alright
guys so my roommate he has an xbox and
I've never played it's been a year and
I've never touched the system but five
kicks wanted to hand this we want to get
Q&A gaming a little warm up so we're
going to play some Madden 2016 oh but it
wasn't him Odell OH Odell Beckham jr.
it's not almost xbox II feel like in
this clearly game why is it active
controller okay here's his eyes to
presage why'd he have to create a
profile to play this is so stupid
alright let's get this up the you
haven't played Madden probably in like
five years
I'm only on that 2k times that's why I
keep beating for him every time we call
he plays and hold on you can't touch me
in 2k fan face to face to fax geeks let
me call gaming me Q&A gaming let's play
slim and if we be him we take his gaming
channel oh oh boy wait what's that huh
wat amico do you pull it on the coast oh
yeah watch out baby and I go continue
yeah yeah you don't work baby - hey
we're gal it's the fun it's first no
it's not yeah
first over there order oh come on give
me that boy yo
let's go Manny let's go Oh 32 baby no oh
because hello me because I don't know
what I'm no that's it
so I think you share 12 to 0
Robyn when the publicity no no no that's
you all you all my controller died I'm
tired man even though we are literally
home all day there's a lot of questions
going around I'm ready to answer a few
of them the first question is I talked
to my team and we had some extra stuff
laying around and the warehouses I
promised you guys that everybody who
ordered a hoodie would get free items
when everything officially came in a few
days ago we realized how many orders we
had of hoodies and we realized we didn't
have enough free items so I owe you guys
a huge apology because I promised you
guys all free items who ordered the
hoodies and a lot of you guys were
treating me saying you didn't get
anything I just want to say I mean I
don't have anything really to make up
for that so I want to just say I'm sorry
about the miscommunication for everybody
who didn't get a free item my apologies
I will somehow find a way to make it up
to you guys soon yeah so that's that if
you guys have any other questions
regarding your orders like you didn't
receive your tracking number or
something went wrong please I'm not
answering these emails so don't email
this email unless it's really about a
problem with your order my someone from
the team is taking care of it and if
it's just if it's a question that has
nothing to do with orders it will be
ignored so if you guys do have any
serious questions go ahead and email
dream crew store at gmail.com if you
haven't received your tracking by the
way there's a chance that you still
might get it today
so patience because there's a lot of
orders going out and the team is trying
their hardest to bang them all out
within this couple days oh yeah
Charlotte sneaker conte we are
five days away Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday we are four
days away from Charlotte sneaker con
which I'm so freaking excited about it's
going to be epic it's going to be huge
it is the last Megacon of the year and
that's it man I'm out of here
I've been talking way too long I hope
you guys enjoy today's video again hit
that thumbs up man Charlotte I'll see
you soon
dream crew I'll see you guys tomorrow
bad I'll see you now well not really I
gotta edit so now one one last name
major announcement on crew kicks today
so go to crew kicks major announcement
okay that's it I know your side you take
your side don't take advice you know
you're right
