so recently recently a young gentleman
named Connor TV came up with an idea his
idea was to make a tree out of sneaker
boxes his own sneaker boxes and he calls
it the sneaker tree challenge I believe
I'm going to accept that challenge
I actually featured him on my sneaker
channel crew cakes and that's how I know
about him and then I got a few tweets
asking me if I was going to accept his
challenge so I checked out his video you
made a really dope Christmas tree I know
a few other people have done it as well
but I'm going to do it too
the thing about my tree is that all my
boxes are clear boxes I don't keep the
original boxes a lot of my sneakers
think I only don't mind my closet is
horrible right now it's broken I only
keep a few boxes of the very rare
sneakers just because but most of my
sneakers I don't keep the boxes at all
so I'm going to attempt to do this with
clear boxes now the other dilemma I have
here is that some of my clear boxes some
of my clear boxes are from Container
Store which are these ones right here
and then some of mine are from looksie
designs which are the more expensive
ones so this is the bigger version and
then these are the smaller versions
right here so I want my tree to be
really tall and have a lot of heat on it
because obviously you want to showcase
all your dope sneakers let's just go
ahead and get started because I think I
have like 40 minutes and so I gotta go
pick up my laundry series remind me to
pick up my laundry in 35 minutes so you
doesn't talk back to me for some reason
does anybody know why I went through all
the settings and for some reason she's
she messing with me
okay the other question I have to ask
myself is do I want to include the space
jam boxes that I have with the Space Jam
and I don't think
and I don't think I'm gonna incorporate
it because I think it will throw the
whole thing off I wanted to really look
smooth and nice we don't put this on to
the side at the moment all right so we
got rid of the look-see boxes now I'm
going to take care of The Container
Store boxes so I don't even or I'm going
to move that up I'm asked if we can put
them in the hallway over here all right
so we got the space cleared out right
here you got one boxes here here in the
hallway outside the hallway so now we're
going to figure out how we're going to
do this game plan so I don't have a ton
of room to work with you guys see this
space it's not that big so what I'm
thinking about doing is making it a tap
a tree I don't know if you guys know
what I mean so that it goes against the
wall hopefully this works out and let's
see how high we can do this first day
and I think we need to carpet out the
way what I'm thinking is we put these
bigger boxes at the bottom talk like and
here I'm not going to choose the actual
shoes right now
and I just want to stack up the boxes
now reorganize the shoes
I don't know how high it's going to go
but think we're doing a pretty good job
right now
I have a dilemma because if I start
using that creat other boxes it's just
going to look weird now so I don't know
if I should do that no I think it looks
stuff out actually alright I'm going to
get laundry laundry time guys
ok so a quick update I think I'm doing a
pretty good job as far as height goes at
colleges goals tilted in and then over
here we're doing double double and then
one one on top so now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to rearrange the
sneakers so that I can have it with all
the shoes that I want to display and I'm
going to have shoes on the outside shoes
on the inside the box is a very special
shoe on top so I'm going to turn the
camera off right now since we already
stacked everything up and we are going
to surprise you in a minute
I'm going to the top ones now I'm going
to put one regular bread 2016 and one
satin bread 2016 just not fast okay now
before I show you guys the whole thing
in its glory I just realized that I
don't have any light so I'm going to add
that later but until then this right
here is my 2016 sneaker tree challenge
entry I guess
so pretty much at the bottom is going to
see you're going to see mainly Jordan so
let's go ahead and go through it all
from supremes shattered backboards
pinnacles a whole bunch of other stuff
we got the 2016 space jams you know we
have to add the secret stuff and we have
to do the Jordan 9 consistent to
practice you from Space Jam 2 more ovios
over yo satin ones and red ones on to
explain that to you this is like a
transition of Jordan Nike into Evita so
basically let's start over here the red
side the green stripe copper stripe
white stripe and then over here we got
your 350 then we transition over here to
the 750 s with bottles of credit X to
add a little bit of color and sweat
wears one of my bottle for you have to
find that bottle where's that bottle at
there's a prepa Tec bottle missing I
have all my crutch stuff over there to
hear that water resistance right over
here we got some ultra boost v2 350
secrete 350 s and then we go to some
Kyrie is because Kyrie sick since Kobe
lefties like one of my favorite players
and lead now to the easy twos and then
we transition to that nike air and then
we transition to that Louie Vuitton Don
with the satin one to the star on top
the easy one give me your honest opinion
you guys me guys killed it you guys
think I could have done a better job you
guys think it needs some light because I
think it does need some light I think he
came out dope I'm going to keep it like
this do have a lot of nice trick just
laying around and behind the scenes and
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
make two stacks that are just going to
go up here to the ceiling hopefully
that's enough room because we have yeah
I don't think that's going to be enough
room since I still have tons of sneakers
though it's pretty much it for today's
video I know today's video is super
short so I actually vlog yesterday when
I was in San Diego so I'm going to throw
that in now because I wanted to put this
stuff in first but I might throw that in
now and then the vlog is going to end
like the vibe just ends randomly after
that so I'm sorry for the super short
vlog but tomorrow I will be coming back
to you guys with a crazy vlog because
I'm gonna be going I'm trying to do
crazy things in these balls I'm not just
trying to show you guys my days I'm
trying to take you guys on to crazy
experience
and things like that so if you enjoyed
this video and you're excited for the
rest of the week and the rest of the
year because we're going to end 2016
with a bang go ahead and hit that thumbs
up right now and I would appreciate it
and Charlotte sneaker con is this
weekend so if you're coming to Charlotte
sneaker con this weekend make sure you
get stopped by my booth I will be at the
kreb protect booth I will be selling
exclusive mergers for you guys we have
some sweaters a special colorway just
for you guys so yeah that is this
weekend this Saturday in Charlotte that
information will be in the link in the
description down below and now after all
this talking enjoy some content from
yesterday alright I'm out of here
thank you guys peace what is going on
everyone everybody's having a fantastic
day it is a beautiful day here at San
Diego California so we came to spend a
day in San Diego we're going to go get
some breakfast at this nice place going
to this place right here the big trees
half baked
so I ordered the egg-wich which is a
sandwich with a turkey bacon
she is like basically a egg sandwich
obviously they do have a pancake with
ice cream option but the reason why in
order that is regular ones I'm sure
you'll enjoy I'll admit that
we in the gym tomorrow let's just say
Monday we have guys let's help fire this
looks right here yeah have this my mom
okay so we just got to fashion fashion
Valley Fashion Valley Mall any anything
Chinese or the James Harden is for
signature shoe with the Ziva you know
I'm about that boots life can come
really close
I don't know about this Sinclair you
why was it to be gasps what the angel
yeah you got to identity the night and a
half the weather is here like they did
it all the other soul nine in the house
would be perfect they fit a little bit
big so I was going to try on the nine
and a half and he only brought me a nine
and that was way too small so I think
I'm a nine and a half so I didn't pick
them up from here I think I want to get
that first colorway which is the black
and gold one shout out to Willie on
Bryan and all of a sudden BAM a little
sort of
