it is a beautiful very good morning here
in Los Angeles I'm up early guys it is
currently 9 a.m. and I'm headed to the
Beverly Center because I want to really
get these triple black on caged ultra
boost there seems like there's no line
so that's a good sign I guess people are
not going crazy for this ultra boost for
once usually for Beverly Center if it's
a sneaker of these people are lined up
alright here unless they switched it up
one of the biggest cancers on YouTube
and I hate to use the word cancer is the
comments you can't run away from
negative comments you can delete or van
as many users as you want but you will
never get away from the negative
comments and I don't look at the
comments but yesterday for some reason
like after a month or so I just looked
at the comments and literally every
single one of them was negative I'm not
gonna grant about it I'm just gonna say
today let's try to spread some love
positive vibes you know negative
negativity won't get you anywhere in
life I'd like to see some positive vibes
in here
so there's actually a line so everybody
one case nobody that's 20 nomads
there was five in those four people so
that one do what they want has to be
able to thicken yes but yet his first
come first serve we get a random guys
taking role but yeah they're supposed to
be alive looks like I'm taking a hell
today because I'm like 28th in line and
apparently they only had 21 pairs of the
triple black gun cage - no go for me the
only reason what I'm still following
this line is because I'm waiting to see
if a fight breaks out because some guy
was going crazy he's just mad because
somebody in the front of the line made a
list of everybody in line but that guy
who made the list who doesn't work here
so when the footlocker employee came he
just said okay line up and then that
Gries like the other guys i go why you
make la Tourneau some BS it was real
stupid start the morning off with the
big al here we go
I'll tell you guys something patience is
key
and the reason why I say that is because
I'm not just gonna go pay resale for the
sneaker one thing that I kind of went
away from recently is the hunt and I
want to get back to that because that
made me enjoy sneakers and enjoy the
culture more I've been paying resale on
a lot of sneakers like all my Easy's
I've just been reset like buying them
early like oh I need them and pay extra
and pay resale I just had the mindset to
where I was like oh I'm not gonna win
any raffles like I'll just pay resale
now so I don't have to pay me so later
before skyrockets and that's not how I
want to do things anymore because I
might do it here and there you know what
I'm saying when I know something's gonna
be very impossible but if I know that I
have a chance to get it for retail I'm
gonna go on the hunt because that will
make me appreciate the shoe more and it
also creates a story for the sneaker so
but when you're just paying resale it
just doesn't really have a story it's
just like hey I've paid oh wow we almost
crashed it's all about what matters to
you so what matters to me is enjoying
the culture and being able to appreciate
my sneakers more sneakers on my hobby
you know I'm saying I'm fortunate enough
to be able to showcase it to you guys
and you know build a following off of
having a passion for sneakers I want to
make this last I want to enjoy sneakers
for as long as I can for as long as
possible I don't want to ever lose this
love I don't want to ever quit the
sneaker game you know what I mean I
don't know if I hope you guys understand
where I'm coming from
did you guys get the triple black on
caged ultra booze no that was yesterday
and all the stores are sold out oh did
they come out today no they came out
yesterday okay oops
the good thing about sneaker game is
when one sneaker gives you an L there's
always other sneakers that come out on
Saturdays I'm gonna go try to get these
Jordan nines which I know are gonna be
sitting everywhere but I really do like
them I like them more than the Elevens
I've told you guys that before so I'm
not the girl when we get to Jordan nines
things should be easy to get
you know Jordans have been getting a lot
of heat and hate because the a lot of
releases sit on shelves but I think this
is what we wanted like thank you this is
what we wanted we didn't want to have to
camp out for sneakers and things like
that and it makes the people actually
want them able to get them some of the
price points are high but that's how the
game is man okay so I completely forgot
about undefeated I don't even know if
they're getting the damn shoe but
they're I just pass by and there's a
huge line
hopefully we'll take this el and turn it
to a W because if you take two hours and
put them together you can make a W you
know
guys there's ammo
I'm so freakin pissed off when I walked
up to the line I asked people in line
they said they don't know
the undefeated employee walks up and I'm
like yo you guys getting the triple
black uncaged ultra boost and he says
yeah yeah yeah so I get in line I wait
here for freakin 20-30 minutes i frickin
go inside I'm like oh you guys have the
uncage he's like no no we didn't get
that we only got Pusha T the same guy
why the why did you tell me you had it
but you didn't you didn't have it like I
just wasted my freakin time
I didn't even put money in the meter I
just realized that so if I have another
freakin parking ticket I'm gonna be
pissed my trunks probably full of elves
I'm just picking up Al's left and right
all over Los Angeles guys luckily no
parking tickets oh that's good I just
have the one from yesterday
