today's one of those days were just
beautiful outside of Los Angeles
everyone's friendly the weather is
amazing and you've got a freakin parking
ticket on the front of your car damn it
yeah going on guys hope everybody's
having a great day we just got to the
mall right now it is a beautiful Friday
even though I got to take it so yeah
we're about to go into the mall and then
after that we're going to film a little
bit and we also got to go to some
sneaker stores we got a size so I'll
color swap and side swap easy wear often
so let's just say just cuz we lost the
shoes today doesn't mean you don't got
some uses on Dennis yeah that's true I
won't tell you guys a story you can go
onto the channel if you want to find out
about that
I'm going to talk better first of when
you lose your shoe it get to buy another
pair are you going to use them for the
gym or casual oh it looks like a dope
casual thing is all the socks are 10 5
i'ma try them on
I have a pair I just don't like I try
them on display when you use the booth I
have the block yeah yeah the black holes
no no no the black one
adidas gave it to me John works with you
there's also the such a deed as vr
things that's over here we like that
they're promoting the new James Harden
shoe which I'm really interested to try
out I guess oh I just did the vr it was
pretty dope is this whole James Harden
experience I've been doing it he just
bought his new shoes get your Chris
Klein a boxer public speaker all of them
really still alive
Rico because what happened all the time
I just got off the car I was like dude
where's Caixa kid I just saw you here
rolling I'm not on my own oh my oh my
phone yeah oh my yeah on my own yeah oh
my
Oh my own yeah all my act like somehow
someway we ended up on Melrose again
fire cake he got his hands on the need
me huh
yeah boy let's it's a sketchy there's a
sketchy transaction little wasn't I
thought ng wonder confirmed I not much
so he got one period I got one for ya
because it's a retail boy and now we're
trying to do some push-ups yeah so he's
basically he has a size four and inside
eleven he's trying to get a size six and
its eyes uh
and a size 12 Charice often years do you
think any higher no yeah on the way back
there's a blue booth I cop the cop to
uncage ultra boost today so the ten with
the group orange bottom I really wanted
those and I woke up two hours after they
released and they were still on the
Jesus calm I kept trying to Adam it
wouldn't work at it and it wouldn't work
yeah that's said although there is room
shout I need to be over here there's a
killing shot I really need to get over
here
I think la has some of the best street
art in the world ah Venice
yeah Venice has hello sweetheart there
are views if there's ever a Hello ocean
there's a few there's like I think the
sneaker market
there's I always so often that there's a
lot of sneaker stores in LA we just kind
of thought about it today and there's
really there's not that many but there's
more than an average city yeah it's
probably like ten well-known sneaker
stores in LA no not there's like four
well-known sneaker stores in there
there's like other small one and then
you know people always asking you what I
ever opened up my own sneaker store you
know I would I that was my goal actually
like three years four years ago me and
hairs were actually about to open up a
store we started stacking up hello shoes
and then we just I was like God like we
just didn't do it like it didn't happen
like I don't know we just he was busy
with his job and I just doing the other
stuff so it didn't work but one day I
will probably open up my own shoe store
but it's not like one of my main goals
should we go in here okay maybe that
will be the title of this video I'm
opening up opening up my own sneaker
store I mean if I do do it opening up my
own business I've always told myself I
want to do it when I turn 30
so maybe in a few years I'm going to
open up my own restaurant or my own
sneaker shop so
yeah I don't know yet and another
question if I had my own sneaker shop in
Los Angeles how many of you guys would
come and support like I would obviously
do I would have to you know it can't be
another sneaker store in LA it has to be
something great you have to be something
that separates it from all the other
stores and I think you know we have
definitely you guys who would help
support it in the beginning I would have
to be consistently you know we have to
consistently be be able to bring traffic
into the store especially in Los Angeles
so right now it's just an idea maybe in
a few years watching to make it a
reality
would you come shop there hell yeah our
thing but this was me get up joking all
$300 no that's a mini one music oh
kind of 15 how do you view that why look
at some anyone notice I got that in my
that big-ass Kobe salad you don't have I
want all gonna get set and I want to get
clothes for my apartment we have white
stuff it says it's the Bay Area and you
love fences
get out of here right I would rather you
get the 8 in the 2000 to 8 to 24 come
together already
yeah yeah low-key they're just sick ass
billboard right here
I can't I still try it or no I mean I
think maybe if I put the exposure hello
hi I wish the drone had a light on it so
basically guys all those little toys I
was showing you those are all like
apartment decorations like when I get my
own apartment in a couple months I want
it to be like a man cave because it's
like the first time I had my very own
apartment it's going to be my apartment
where I can do anything from the living
room to the bathroom to the kitchen so
what I want to do is I want to put
dope-ass like fair breaks and like
freaking little NBA figures now I'm not
gonna have toys all around but I think
here and they're very nice and very
classy I have pictures that I saved off
Instagram I'll show you I want to show
them yeah let's just say Q&A apartment
decorating yeah
coming soon we'd like the bill I built a
frame now we all use up Marvin you know
I built my bed frame no you can
aggregate help I like to the tables and
the chair and separated he couldn't even
screw in its out here all the way should
it be like oh I'm not gonna read this
instruction because I'm like AC o los
angeles-class it in conference yeah it's
a mess all of a sudden all the sudden
I don't want to hear you blowing up my
line telling me saying everything's in
line guys we're all over Los Angeles
today now we're at the Grove I had to go
buy a polo so I went in bought a nice
little polo I don't usually wear polos
but I have a nice dinner I'm going to
meet his work party so I got a you know
look fancy plays the part you know I'm
saying what about a grub so I think
we're going to go to cheer we go to
cheese cake now you want to go to oh we
should probably get a little weight
thingy huh you're giving out a hot
chocolate at the girls let's just talk
about double use today fam all day long
here you go thank you so much a great
bagel a great name the thing I need the
most is I cannot stand when escalators
don't work okay this is BS I shouldn't
have to walk up there through you guys
I'm just kiddin look alright guys so I
didn't vlog much over the past like two
hours we just had dinner at Cheesecake
Factory and pretty much we were supposed
to film sneakerheads be like today but
instead of filming because it's getting
dark and like halfway through the day we
just plotted the whole video so
basically we came up with like probably
90% of the scenes we decided we plotted
next week like what days we're going to
film each of them we are leaving then as
a month in Dubai so we want to get I
want to get the video out before then
okay so we start with the curve real
quick I need to downsize my collection
there's a lot of sneakers I don't wear
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take a few pairs to Mac Park and I'm
going to confine them but I'm going to
confine them really really under the
value of that they should be so if
anybody's in the area and they want to
stop by that Park you can get some
sneakers for a steal and I will tell you
guys every shoe I take and the price
that they will be I'm on the edge about
the silver metal ultra boost it's just I
have so many black and white colorways
after wearing the end of these all day
long they're not as comfortable as ultra
boost so you know it sucks is I get rid
of all my bosses so all these shoes
don't have to have boxes this is an
honor of Kobe's last game but
I'm not going to wear them figure is
these right here
metallic one the blue color way
sometimes I just don't understand why I
buy certain shoes these are dope but I'm
never going to wear these
yes um not only
oh my god mirepoix yeah yeah shots and
my mom shows it using Shahrukh I saw a
fire cake logy terrace thank you so much
all of sudden family listen if there you
got to come on here yeah okay nice nice
yeah
my dude got this big already
I wish you to my side and I never
release yeah i'ma call live well
I can I do ya dead stuff I'm talking now
all of the dead stuff economy should go
for it Oh with the ball if I can ever
yes it is fun we're wrong yeah I wish I
go for 300 let's take your dumb for less
risky for 200 $200 Street said stuff no
way I'm gonna win you didn't even do
this is memorabilia that I didn't play
in the you know but still we could roll
now this has to be a sample to that size
14s Kobe size this noise about reducing
what are you underneath what I want yeah
okay like oh my god I'll make it so
honey how much chicken some hockey I
have that bunch on five minutes with
with the cardboard one
sixty-five and how much have you put our
youth packer out for how much you this
thing about 180 180 that's a freaking
scale 1:1 ten and a half or one over
mobile two hundred buses in Virginia and
I warm your one point one point is
you're essentially yeah I've never
enjoyed watching we're known as okay
know who I can't win employees can't win
what you're playing on my behalf
yes okay so I am I just put twenty in
there cuz it's only a dollar play and
it's every Thailand oh I know
/ - this is everybody freaks out up at
the time do I got to just pressure
before this all really yeah okay I just
spent 20 bucks I couldn't get it it's so
front this is more frustrating to the
keymaster because that s looks like it's
going to go in every single time I got
it besides the eventual gets you say the
arrow and the bottom is this but look at
all the winners they have like the
bottom is cleared out they got to
pretend that carats of green ball so we
were to do it like 800 do that looks
elegant more McGinnis Oh
again I fell for another basically guys
the S has to go through the little
square right there and there's enough
room for it to go through you just have
to stop it at the exact time and you can
win some high peace
Oh bro I didn't hear for this is mine oh
my god I'll go I was here you go try to
get some prettier of it gave it you earn
anything for free not I have boxing I
don't have today yeah oh there's another
supreme like white windbreaker jacket
you guys both really I don't want to
look at them
okay issues at night party I'm saying I
do back at the crib now fire kicks in
here alright so all those shoes you guys
saw me and Mickey talking about prices
and all that stuff all that stuff is
that mag talk right now and I know a lot
of people are probably saying hey why
don't you guys just give them away while
you're doing this while you're doing
dad's like I'm doing a giveaway I did
the giveaway on Instagram already I gave
away nine pairs so these were the ones
that I wanted to kind of sell we put a
lot of them at steals so they're still
like really good prices if anybody wants
a cop but basically oh dude look what's
going on outside so you say that they
just shined a light right here they're
looking for someone well you can hear
they're right over a ribbon oh that's
right yeah so the giveaway everybody
saying all you did or you didn't
announce the giveaway winners let's not
close to do and this is looking for
someone in this neighborhood
look they're checking the trees there's
cops robbing a bank
look at this always to YouTube gee this
cop cars going around in by look at that
oh my god they're shining the light in
trees and everything only to decide on
me the problem is that okay the giveaway
winners I've GM's all of them I'm going
to send out the packages on Monday when
I get back from my San Diego get away
from ro so Monday I'm going to send them
out I'll publicly announce them the day
that I go shipment so we'll do that on
the blog as while I go take it to go
ship out I'll tell you guys who's
getting what yeah so that's that other
than that one more last thing I'm going
to show this package I got I got this
package unexpectedly the phones over at
Under Armour so they sent me this is
Happy Holidays Christ this is under you
guess collection this looks like a
regular winter one of the tasks all
animals are called insane not being
Arnold over cold yeah I don't know if
they're probably River this is dope
because it has like a mouth guard to so
let me pick this off I'm going to do the
rest of the wall during this look at
this guy so if you live in a really cold
renewable supply if you live in a really
cold city you can wear this this would
be dope for snowboarding too so you can
unbutton it too and just wear it like a
regular hat you know like those flap I
don't know we don't wear these in
California but this is dope and then
they also sent me a scarf look at this
scarf it has a zipper on it so I can put
my stuff in it and I'm saying keeping
what we keep in warm in California let's
just say I look like a ninja ninja kite
gonna end the vlog here he got any final
notes gee I'm saying oh yeah if you guys
like our merch go ahead and copy them
wwe.com would both pre-order route 2
days for two days only GLAAD and coffee
food oh yeah well nothing you reminded
me speaking of merch so I just talked to
Farouk all the shipments for the Space
Jam products it was supposed to go out
today but they received it today so they
received it at their facilities and
they're going to ship it out today not
today
obviously today's over they're going to
ship it out tomorrow they're going to
try to get all orders out tomorrow so I
know a lot of people have been like
really asking me where's the where's the
orders today
a Saturday it's going to start shipping
out so pay attention to you guys emails
so today Sunday and Monday all orders
should be officially shipped out again
thank you guys to everybody who ordered
that's it for the vlog today man I
appreciate you guys I hope you guys
enjoyed I'm pretty sure this is a pretty
lengthy fault all vlogs ah yeah that's
it I'm getting really hot now and hoping
that you know I think I'm listening
and I'll bring it for you nice telling
me is competed for you Vegas in a job
well we're going you just wanted out of
mouth I hope you don't take this your
personal sending me pictures and whiten
versions of all of your friends I guess
it depends on how you been licking on my
