today I'm going to be needing these
right here save the other ones for later
we're in California I'm here back again
as a Warner Brothers Studio if you guys
remember I was here a few weeks ago to
take part in the Jordan Brand media
event and I'm here again but this time
things are a little bit different it
does have to do with Space Jam but today
you know what I'm just going to take you
guys and have a good time
guys look at this big-ass dam right here
I don't know it just looks super
interesting I really want to fly my
drone right here I don't know if I could
do that what shoes that I wear today
you're asking
I'm awarded in a minute so I decided to
bust out the mellow one
I'm looking in some of these sound
stages these things are freaking huge
man
a woman pocket at all right guys so I
just got to our I guess locker room and
as you guys saw this is my little bench
so check out all this dope stuff first
thing you got this patch right here
button right here shirt which I'm
assuming is like a warm up but I might
wear it under my Jersey honestly some
socks short of course we got the secret
stuff right here to go and we got the 31
let's wake up like once I go straight in
yo this is freaking free this is the
original sound stage that they filmed
Space Jam on so they filmed saved em in
this same exact building the frame
let me show you guys some of the stuff
on the movie yes this is like all
original scripts and things like that
which is insane like you just drawings
right here for the Monstars the mean
team when they're bigger that looks like
it's original scripts that find my
Jordan everybody that's it guys this is
the Jordan 9 from a scam oh that's crazy
I have this too I have this boy back
home in my videos like recently this
thing is sitting back home this boy
right here this is the Jersey that he
warned the baseball teams of the movie
but we're going to go over there and
that's the actual Jersey you more look
at this guy
did you imagine how much this is worth
so if you guys notice the version that's
coming out has a 45 on the back the one
day he won the movie has a 23 on the
back so let's just say do your research
I'm actually going to be playing
basketball
obviously that's what's happening when
I'm putting all this jersey and stuff on
so let's go check out the core
this is insane
if this freaking don't look at it
so that's the original base cam video
game on PlayStation 1 that they're
playing Alcatraz
ladies and gentlemen I like to present
to you a comedian the losing man we just
lost the first game there's like two
minutes these we got the scoreboard
right here I hit a two that's it but we
got more games coming so funny alright
guys so that was one of the funnest
things I've done
shoutout to Jordan Brand for inviting me
this was my exercise for today
before I leave I got to go check this
out real quick
Central Perk cafe just like friends in
the freakin WB lot like a little WB
store in there and they serve coffee and
everything
okay what he did they get the s dude
I'll just go for a I've never had a ball
controls of letting go for number two
eight hundred dollar box or vividly okay
so you hold it down hold it down you
hold it and then you get a Wooper a
are you offer to all the other bacteria
Oh bitch it works for if you look you
kind of hard
you do hold doors alright guys so we
left mag early our quick because Nikki
was hungry Palmer
and you know last time you recommended
to go get something to eat
it was really good that burger and I was
like you know what just do your thing so
I said you want to grab some bus brought
me to get some foie which I've never had
which is like you're a soup right huh
that's us be nummies noodle soup and I'm
not going to videotape this
let's I don't know let's see he's one
for one let's cp24 - I'll let you guys
know alright guys so we just got back to
mag right now and freakin Mickey tries
to park in front of my car the truck
closer guys getting no no no that's good
you're literally gonna hit it you pass
the red number let's go treatment okay
good yeah like a pic OH
