maple another day at the airport heading
back to Los Angeles my floods been
delayed while I was on the way here so I
got an extra two hours to spare and I'm
probably going to use those two hours to
edit
excited about this really
all right can it be changed to 11 which
is in confidence I know we use the
children unlike janessa right guys have
a minute a lot our aim is on holding
action I know
sure now now the only matters needed
9000 the only we knew is known as know
who that that were helping congressman
say with whom you need to tell the
numbers in London on a joke okay Alan
okay I love I know that's it I mean I
like American I had a great flight hours
there's three airports in the Bay Area
San Jose Oakland and San Francisco play
some of it is definitely my favorite
because it's always so dead like look at
this so we did that I feel uncomfortable
talking loud why do they mean it they
all opinion they're going to take the
Portland 40 all
passionately man feels good like always
my uber like freaking park hello for and
I have to walk like two terminals to get
to it
some uber drivers are just sucks movers
welfare / / yes hi
no no no you know you that's ok
it's a lot still taking Sarah are you
good on me Benjamin Lincoln girls a
reseller back in the building
I guess so shoutout to you go to a
reseller for picking me up we've got to
go grab right now before you go do some
research
experimental Delta on a debtor know this
guy toes of his life how better YouTube
just a mocha and trading business on
Friday
now you guys think ahead be like and
gotta film maybe watch you can join us
if he's not too busy at is a books along
with this girl yeah I get our hair done
prior in hours but it can come kick it
moral support at all the comments about
me not going to the gym when I was in
the bed every time I squat away I'm
thinking about my haters hot away well
God is ever this gold alright guys so we
just got to Westwood we're about to eat
out here I'm freaking starving on an
eight all day man this is like closing
for week an Instagram picture
yeah yeah
Marlys what's on the agenda for the rest
of the day I wanted to film a scene for
sneakerhead to be like actually I need
to someone but I can do it on myself
being on that are going to film on
Friday I got to figure out who else I
want to be in the episode because I kind
of want to get a lot of other youtubers
involved in it too so I'm going to hit
up a lot of my friends and see who wants
to be in it I don't have a release date
for it but I'm trying to aim for mid
December before I leave to Dubai for
sure and I think it would be a good way
to end off the year the schedule for the
rest of the day is go home I have a few
packages waiting for me from Black
Friday shopping so I'm excited about
that two weeks away from sneak peak on
Charlotte it's like a little mini update
thing by the way we're two weeks away
from sneaker con Charlotte which I'm
super excited about because it is the
last week Akana of the year so that
means I have officially went to every
speaker corner in 2016 that's it that's
dedication you're gonna be going to the
gym but he goes sneaks on the quote of
the year CBC flax quote well we say
Jordan never sat on the bench where the
shoes are yeah
okay before I show you guys in my room I
just want to say I can't say anything
look at this guy like a freakin tornado
hit this damn room
this is why the mirror they're like oh
what is this him like broke again
like I can't talk anyway you got some
stuff I think I know both of these are
but the Sun is like portion from correct
this is my Black Friday shopping from my
favorite store which still hasn't
sponsored me ten dollars no with your
personnel okay so I bought some things
off of
PacSun calm for Black Friday because
they had like buy one get one free I
should have waited until Cyber Monday
because it was buy one no subramanyam's
cyber monday was 50% off of everything
so camping buddy velvet pants which I
don't know if I'm gonna wear another
camping buddy
hell yeah like that it's all wrapped up
I got this shirt but then I was going to
look like this as a black t-shirt oh
these are black pants that come with
like Underpants attached the same camo
pants that I already have but I bought
another one because I wear them so much
so for all the haters I have two of
those asks about these but I don't know
how I feel about these so the two blue
and bright for me section you can make
this work
right that's my Black Friday purchases I
still have another package coming from
Best Buy work even my chairs like my
chair is the funny it is next package is
from the people over at right now I
actually bought a backpack off of them a
couple years ago so I've actually been
rocking with them before I built a
relationship with them but anyway
Chuck's pretty girl is hid in this
package and I'm going to go ahead and
open it up this bag right here
that I've been using like every single
day non-stop all the time is a spray
spray ground backpack as you guys can
see it is a spikey bag that everybody
always asks me where I got it from
I got it from sprayground I don't know
if they have this one in stock anymore
people love this like every time I meet
people random people they're like oh
that's a cool backpack I've been rock
I've been using this pretty much the
whole year it's time to upgrade have
this backpack which I use all the time
and then I also have this backpack right
here that I don't use as much because
it's a designer backpack this is
actually Saint Laurent eventually I got
this one for my birthday Nina got me
this for my birthday
it's a Saint Laurent camo backpack as
you guys can see this is really
expensive so I don't use this one that
much because I don't want to messed it
up I use it for special occasions and
things like that but those are my two
backpacks but I got another bag in here
which is going to be my new go-to bags
the bag in here is like I would say
in-between that bag and this bag that I
always used it's like let me show you
guys let me show you this other stuff
they sent me first okay first thing they
sent me is gone so on one side it's got
like that checkered print which is kind
of popular right now like all the van
checkered band and LV type print and
then on this side this is the glove or
check out that I don't condone gun
violence but this is the closest I'll
get to holding a gun
we go box within a ball
we got the full-size sprayground
basketball they made basketballs now and
the thing that dope about this one is I
mean this casing is just dope makes me
kind of want to just keep it like this
how feels good oh wait low-key looks
like it's on fire when you spin it oh
wow
first things first this thing has a ton
of compartments which is a really nice
total of only 84 of these are created
alright so this is the bag right here so
right off the bat you guys can see that
it is black but if you look very closely
I don't know if you guys can see because
the lighting but if you guys can see
very closely it is a black camel I don't
I'm kind of find the right yeah like
here look at it right but it's a black
camel a b84 limited edition never
reproduced golden shark gear bag only 28
of these actually this bag right here is
only 28 created that's crazy
so reason why I like this bag compared
to my old one is because it has hella
pocket and I need that for when I'm
traveling so I could put like a sauna
seat for my throne right here maybe a
quick access to the inside which is sick
I don't have to open the top I get to a
quick access to the inside okay we going
to shows a dust bag so you get a nice
little dust bag if I want to put the bag
inside of a bag laptop laptop case right
in the back and then I see one more
zipper right here this one I think is
kind of like a hidden compartment
congratulations you found it infamous
stash pocket now don't tell anyone
that's crazy
Thank You Sprague rounds for this old
backpack I will be putting this to very
good use now it's time to clean my room
if this is available online that will
link it down below it's not
