first off I want to say my apologies for
posting every other day the past few
days so basically when I come back home
one day I spend with the homies the next
day I've been like straight at home the
next day I'll go you know to dinner with
my family so like yesterday was the day
where I just literally stayed home
yesterday was the day where I just
literally stayed home all day like I
didn't leave my house I think I only
left once to go grab food with my dad
but then that I was just home so like I
had nothing a vlog today it's different
so starting today I will be vlogging
every single day for the rest of the
year most likely I might miss a day or
two I know I said that a couple days ago
but you know what I'm saying sometimes
you take an out but tonight I bounced
back anyway I'm about to go get a
haircut man because I am well overdue I
haven't gotten a haircut since like I
can't remember I think it was Atlantis
sneaker con like I didn't get a haircut
for even New York sneaker con so I need
to get a haircut desperately I've been
growing my hair out for a while now it's
getting pretty long it like goes all the
way to my chin
we just started filming the official
first scene for sneakerheads
be like part six finally man look who's
finally back in here oh shoot oh my god
comes back with a cast Jersey the
disrespect man just back the back I
think you all apology to New York City
I'm sorry New York I love you guys I'll
see you guys soon hopefully I'll make it
up to you
previous big adventures - I get it he's
here - so we just filmed the first scene
I think we're only filming one scene
today we still need to go film inside so
um oh by the way look how short my hair
is guys because just literally they got
so short but I like it a lot and very
happy with it trim the beard down and
yeah man
so think ahead be like is coming all of
a sudden swag the vlogger sabji so I
gotta be creative you know no pun
intended
yo we got the bike you know we should do
we should do something epic because you
know how we do things right next epic
and five four three two
there's only 5 o'clock I can't remember
a time when it was so dark this early
like no last year was not this dark
trust me was no it wasn't it was maybe
like around 6 o'clock
very only last 9 months the world is
coming to an energy let's just say fan
anyway we're here at social chemistry
I'm probably going to play this key
master your voice this I'm feeling it
today I feel something in my tummy that
says play the keymaster what do you guys
think
are you for three no no that's not like
them anyway smells good commune you're
gonna get all that forever but indolent
I suppose that's playing music into it
um yeah could be dressed in the dress
not play salt what if or you dollars
share all their uni there easy crease
that's wonder retail this is crazy let's
build let's you safe and we might make
it a three people last time making my
new one when I recorded
I feel like an entity today you know
anything I'm going to get okay oh
you with you Shooter them up mama you
know things take it out today I don't
supposed to be on a diet and I know
subsidies but I don't have a membership
out here in the base so I haven't been
able to go to the gym yeah so tomorrow
when I get back to LA we're back on that
grind into the two day break after going
one day which is really bad but I guess
today was my business is my time so I
still haven't been eating bad I've been
eating really good no soda no junk food
I mean I haven't been eating the most
healthiest things but I also haven't
been eating the worst things so you know
I'm saying I'm managing it okay right
now what tomorrow when we get back to LA
back on the gym grind I'm actually
excited to go back to the gym for one so
yeah also how's Logan because are you
vlogging when I flogged you are you
getting you sued alright yeah okay damn
your cameras are good jealousy jealousy
lit especially look closely
looking for five thousand seven
ah just say 12 K three days did I
talk about a three-peat so we decided to
switch it up from our normal bowling
routine so we're here to play some pool
we're going to do a little tournament
see who's the best of the best so let's
just say a voice in the past life I was
a championship cooler I mean the
billiard quest whatever you call that
but I'm going to whip their butt
right now oh listen alright guys I'm
going to be playing flat first so let's
say we taking a double you hand me the
stick they follow Jesus we throw a magic
let's just say David Blaine a the only
one pulling out fishes from the throat
why y'all just do is open my butt before
but your boy came back let's just say
Pam I'm on the black bowl lid grand boos
we will move
yeah please release I blew through on
the other the first thing you do today
avoid toes a nice little W has to be
swag one time you already know and now
we're leave it let's just say I'm the
billiard champion they can't handle the
kids the bowling alley travel are
crowded so I'm low-key happy b-day
involve next time I'll have to dominate
these guys in the sport of Holi or
should we call it an art the art of
bowling
and they're going to take them off hold
the door open for that
