I don't know how I made my flight but I
made my flight it takes off in three
minutes
luckily there's a hold of
when I was trying to hang out yesterday
and you were like oh I gotta stay home
and work
I got a different levels right now let
me get back Saiki then I took a nap and
then I called you and I was like what's
good and you're like yeah exactly 10
o'clock is prime time in Los Angeles we
could have went to anything
all right guys so as you guys can tell
I'm back home in the bay right now
I'm with the one and only then all of a
sudden I have a camera gee big day for
swag he launched his YouTube channel so
if you haven't already go subscribe I'm
gonna link it down below what kind of
videos can the people expect from you
that's the real big it's gonna be fired
you know he you know it's gonna be ice
no winter it's gonna water ain't the
only thing that flows you know what I
mean
he's gonna be a 100 every single time I
can't tell ya go subscribe to him he's
gonna have some dope stuff on there
obviously you'll see me on there time to
time and uh when I am in the bear when
he's in LA but anyway we're in the bay
for a few days visiting family since I
wasn't there for Thanksgiving and you
know your boy had to stop at that
premiere break to get some grub and grab
that drink and I didn't go to the gym
today because I had a early morning
flight that I almost missed but let's
just say we gonna work out tonight
somehow someway okay so we just left
Panera Bread we're about to go rush to
Milpitas because I finally found
somebody selling the NES classic for a
resale still I'm paying $200 which is
that's $140 profit for the guy I'm
buying it off of because that thing goes
for 60 bucks retail but I really want it
it's gonna be fun to play back here it
back home so I'm gonna go get it and
then probably after we'll just go to
gran Mallya trying to find another
controller I'm sure there's a Gamestop
there and yeah
it's lit so I get it he's driving me so
I gotta make sure my seatbelts on
correct you know I'm on the fire kick
save me I just picked up the NES and the
guy that we bought it from this is his
car at first I was gonna take a picture
of this I didn't even know it was his
car but check this out he has a Jurassic
Park car this is crazy and he has
everything from the in holiday the whole
thing is nice good bro thank you game
stop trying to get this controller just
say it might be out of stock because
Ahmed very recently you know where I can
get extra controller all games are sold
out of everything
oh man what is this fat resell on
freaking even the controllers it looks
like only one of us is playing but let's
just say sharing is caring we'll take
our turns anyway guys we're gonna walk
around the mall for a little bit I guess
since we're already here we're at new
park mall which I mean every time I come
here I already tell you guys this is the
freakin one of the worst malls in the
United States of America voted by yours
truly
it looks like it's crowded because it's
Black Friday technically still through
all you know every store does their
little BSF we're extending our Black
Friday sale through the weekend so come
that day they never extent they were
gonna extend it from the beginning you
know I'm saying you've recorded me right
now yeah what video did you see how you
just saying that because I had a camera
more videos
uline couple hundred for those yeah you
don't you know these are yeah easy booze
jordan sitting he never sat on the bench
but issues are okay guys our mall trip
has been cut short with the lack of good
stores and a lack of good product in
this small like watching a vlog with no
good concept you gotta kind of short boy
just throwing 100 is left and right yeah
you're gonna like this alright guys this
is the freaking controller right here
brings back many memories but i heard
rumors that this wire is not rumors I've
seen pictures of this wire being super
short like you gotta sit like really
close to the TV
look how small this is bro I'm sure they
could've done like they probably could
have done it really the half size of
this but they're gonna wait like 10
years and then release that it like some
crazy technology but this is it you
don't have to you don't have to do all
that stuff and basically it's super
simple and if anybody wants to sell me
an extra controller I'll let you boy
damn how soon they forget it reminds me
of my childhood let's just say hello
this feels like there's nothing in it
that's it unless that's fake and we got
scammed I don't think so Pvt Cole
Gaming shadow coming soon Coon a gaming
I'm in Q&A gaming let's just say I'd be
ready 60 20 split man I have this same
game but I don't know why it's is
bringing back this HD look at this
quality man you tell her dude this is so
sick
I can't wait they're not ready family
this is sick man well worth the money
you know really but well worth the money
so I can tell a focus right now it's
like when you try to get a girl's number
G you gotta be focused you know that
that's how you look when you get into
the dudes
I used to only paid like mostly Mario
and make a man Mega Man with Sega or is
Nintendo mr. Saiga I literally told swag
when I landed that I'm here booked my
ticket at 6 a.m. last night guys I mean
this morning and then I decided to come
so they always loves me except are you
bro targets smell so bad we went to
Target to go get cereal target smells so
freakin bad dude it was disgusting let's
just say people like that's what I told
so I guess people like rushed out their
house if we can get these last-minute
Black Friday steals but let's just say
they forgot that deodorant you know what
I'm saying we don't bring people yeah if
you smell like crap I'm calling you I
don't care if you're my friend if you're
a stranger or if you my girl
if you smell like Bo you getting that
for 1 1 G no phone call damn I'm song
and they don't want it with the kids
yeah you dead boys wrapping it up real
quick for my iPhone so I'm sorry about
the quality of this outro being super
low-key I'm ending it with a few quick
updates mainly I want to say Charlotte's
niekirk on December 10th make sure you
guys are in the building I will be
selling the very last Pablo inspired
piece of merchandise obviously the whole
I feel like a high beast thing I took it
and I ran with it it was inspired by
Kanye's I feel like a Pablo shirts and
hoodies and all that
and you guys loved it this year 2016 we
killed it as far as the merch and
everybody picking it up and wrapping it
all over the world I have one more that
I'm preparing for sneaker con Charlotte
so if you're looking to pick up a
sweater they will be available and
they're gonna be super limited I know I
always say that but this one is like I
didn't want to make too many I just
wanted to make enough to where the
people who really want one will get it
it will sell out and that's it and then
on top of that what else is going on
two more days in the Bay then I'm back
to LA the contest the Instagram contest
so a lot of people have been tweeting me
and riding on my comments who's the
winners have you announced the winners I
haven't announced the winners because I
I just last I started contacting them
I've contacted a few I'm just waiting
for them to get back to me because I
need to see proof that they are
subscribed to Cru TV so once I have the
complete list of the I think it's did we
do 9 sneakers 8 or 9 sneakers when I
have the full list of winners and then I
will announce it publicly because a lot
of people if I don't make it a public
announcement they're gonna think that I
didn't pick anybody to win and I just
scammed everyone but yes there will be
winners I'm damning all of them I
haven't deemed a few of them
I've deemed a couple of them and only
two I think two people have replied so
probably within the next two vlogs
that's what I'll make the official
announcement I'm pretty much just
picking them at random one of the people
I did select personally because it's
someone YC who's always liking the
pictures and supporting and I think they
just deserve to win one of the shoes so
I hand-picked one of the people the
other one through all be random so
that's pretty much it thank you guys for
watching again with that thumbs up shout
out all the new tube COO subscribers I
appreciate you guys
