bad Thanks there's a lot of bad things
they wish what's poppin dream crew
family I hope everybody is having a
beautiful blessed day it is a beautiful
Friday out here in Los Angeles
California and your boy is on the road
because I'm driving to Mina she's
currently at work right now but when she
gets off of work we are gonna be
watching the Black Panther which I'm
very very excited about I've been dying
to watch it it's already been out for a
week so I already feel like I'm super
super late people are saying that this
is the best superhero movie since the
Dark Knight Rises which is very high
praise right there because the Dark
Knight Rises and the Dark Knight itself
I mean I think I meant to say the Dark
Knight I don't know which one I said but
both of them were just absolutely
amazing those two superhero movies are
just amazing so for the fact that people
are comparing this to that or saying
that it's the best sense that I'm very
excited because I am a superhero fanatic
when it comes to movies like I love all
of them from x-men to Batman - not
really Superman - you know and all these
superhero movies I gotta watch all of
them so I'm very very excited to see
this yeah we're gonna be doing that
tonight we're gonna go watch it I'll let
you guys know what I think of it without
giving you guys any spoilers don't worry
I'm not gonna spoil it for you your boy
is always on his grind you know I'm
saying even though we are driving I'm
uploading right now you guys probably
can't see cuz it's so bright but I'm
uploading today's video and I think
we're good yeah we're good right right
we're good and also i'ma start this vlog
off with the jump and ask you guys to
please subscribe because we are on the
road to 1 million subscribers and
literally this morning I woke up and I
looked at the sub count and we are at
954 I think we're at 56 956 thousand
subscribers guys if you do oh my god
like brah join the crew when we reach 1
million subscribers I'm gonna be giving
away 10 pairs of brand new Yeezys to you
guys I am very very excited about that
but I can't do that until you guys reach
1 million subscribers for me so I need
you guys to subscribe if you're not
subscribed join the crew so yeah that's
pretty much what uh what's going on
right now with the YouTube numbers and
whatnot but basically you know I'm
saying this drive right here is not
gonna be that exciting you know what I'm
saying and then Mina gets off of work it
why not
so I filmed something yesterday for you
guys and this is a video where I've been
waiting six months to make so in the
intro what's in the box today we find
out if I am a big baller now this is not
the first time I've made a video about
the shoes in this box I've had some
issues and it took me almost six months
to receive these now these were on
pre-order and I was supposed to get
these in December and somehow they got
delayed until end of February and the
February's here and they're finally here
yeah we're gonna open these bad boys up
and I honestly cannot say that I'm
excited cuz I'm I only bought these so I
can make a video about them this is the
Lavar one basketball home sorry no it's
not lavoris you okay
pretty good packaging for a sneaker
worth $500 well I don't know if it's
actually worth $500 but it's mark that's
$500 you get the big ball of brand
bubble wrap I give them that but the one
thing that is not very big baller of the
big brawler brand is that they're
shipping with USPS now obviously USPS
it's gonna get the job done most of the
time
USPS is the cheapest way to ship here in
the United States because follow me on
Twitter
you guys know that I did have some
problem getting these shoes you know as
long as I got the shoes man I didn't
waste my money well maybe I kind of
wasted my money but anyway so I gotta
give it to them I'm not just here to
hate on them I'm here to give you an
honest review of the sneaker whether or
not it's worth the price point but I do
respect the hustle of Lavar ball and the
ball brothers and what they're doing
with the brand I respect it you but
anyway let's go ahead and open it up you
got a slide-out box and then you
actually got both shoes or one or both
shoes in one dust bag so let's go ahead
and open it up man the mellow ball
signature sneaker
this isn't bad this isn't bad
quality-wise it doesn't look like it's
gonna be bad performance wise but so far
these look pretty legit like I'm not
gonna lie to you if this hat is swoosh
on it if it had three stripes on it if
he had if add the Under Armour logo on
it I wouldn't hesitate to put these on
my feet to play basketball in them so
for those of you guys that don't know
big baller brand has teamed up with the
creators and owners of a brand called
brand black and this shoe right here as
well as the Lonzo sneaker they take
elements from those products to make
this product right here so I'm actually
happy that they did that because the
first original Lonzo sneaker you guys
brought like come on brand black hit me
up you know I'm saying I'm down to make
my own shoe too so you know I'm saying
this let's do business you feel me so
I'm happy that they're actually working
with people who are actually in the
sneaker industry and make dope products
the only thing that's kind of like seems
fishy to me is the soft liner it kind of
looks like a Payless shoe now there's a
few things I wanted to do with the shoe
obviously the main thing is to review it
for you guys as well as test them out on
court alright let's see how these bad
boys fit right here obviously when you
actually start playing basketball then
you really feel whether or not they're
comfortable for this shoe there's no
type of heel support or that thing like
like holding my ankle tight in there so
that's kind of scary because like even
with that Kobe's that came out there was
a lot enough padding to support your
heel and keep it stable in the shoe but
with this shoe right here it's like
super super loose well the next thing to
do is to try these bad boys on court so
let's go to the gym
I think I'm just not look sick
such as classics of whether you're just
not used to it can't worry about
everybody else you just gotta get it if
you like yeah but it does appear I mean
you're just not used to it because
you're used to just one alright guys so
we just got back from the movies black
panther review what did you think black
panther review i think it was a little
overhyped
but it was a really good movie still
Michael B Jordan played an excellent
villain I think it's the best like
superhero movie of the past few years
yeah my Simmons definitely don't have
this like it looks kind of weird right
here I don't know it looks really weird
we were gonna be like oh they're fake no
we got it from Nike calm guys oh it's
not even a flap on my men's size this
goes over the back area like mine
definitely go watch a black panther I'm
not gonna do that to continue on to the
review I was doing earlier on the court
of the lamellar ball sneakers I didn't
give you an after court performance so
basically I'm just gonna run that down
real quick and tell you guys how they
perform on court so basically it's
better than I expected I thought they
were gonna be complete trash but they
were actually pretty comfortable when I
was playing 21 with yg okay obviously
it's definitely not worth the price
that's the first point it's definitely
not worth the price too it's better than
I expected as far as comfort three the
ankle supports even though it's a low
top like the lock down on the shoe is
what's missing like I felt like my foot
was gonna fall out I felt like I was
like unstable the whole time when I
started playing a full five-on-five game
I felt uncomfortable to drive because I
felt like I was gonna just hurt my ankle
or something so I had to switch into my
Kobe's after one game but overall it
wasn't as bad as I was as I was
expecting so big ball of bran
you guys did a decent job but
I honestly don't think I will ever play
in those again it was just cool to test
out I'm probably gonna end up giving
away the shoes because I'm not I don't
have use for them so I I did pay for him
I bought them six months ago I bought
these six months ago I bought these six
months ago Mina I bought it I bought it
for them I bought it for you
but anyway yeah I'm probably gonna give
these things away so let's do this if
you guys can get let's make it
interesting
when we reach nine hundred and sixty
thousand subscribers which is four
thousand subscribers away if we reach
nine hundred and sixty thousand
subscribers I will give away the big
baller brand lamella balls in a size ten
and I'm still gonna give away ten years
even we reach 1 million subscribers so
I'm adding another sneaker on top of
that so now as we get closer I'm gonna
give you guys some some mini giveaways
in the mean time so if you guys want the
big ball of brand sneakers help us get
to a nine hundred and sixty thousand
subscribers subscribe right now we're
gonna give the shoes away alright what
else we're gonna do for the rest of the
day hey never mind let's just show them
some of your shoes I know
