it's that time of year again the holiday
season no it's the season when we figure
out what was our top ten sneakers of
2017 and you know what that means I've
got to decide mine but we're gonna do it
in style let's go now I really wanted to
include the Gator eight-six's on the
list but I held off because I feel like
there was tense shoes that came out
earlier in the year that we're a little
bit better they're still dope they come
out the last day of the year so yeah I
got ten other choices to go but great
job with the Gatorade pack Jordan Brand
yeah I'm at the grocery store let me
call you back I'm doing my top ten
sneakers all right bye number ten I'm
going with the cause the cause Forrest
was a great shoe for the year I love
this collab obviously I wrapped my car
in the cause so like I'm a fan of the
cause brand they just killed it with
this collab this collab right here I
feel like is gonna set the bar high for
2018 and Beyond like that back tab
having to cause X logo the quality the
suede like the furry whatever you
whatever the quality is crazy even to
the midsole but glow-in-the-dark bottom
this shoe is perfect in my opinion but
there's nine other shoes that are better
than this so I know this will probably
be a top five for a lot of people but
for me personally I gotta put it at
number ten just because I don't know I
there's there's other shoes that I like
more even though these are amazing and I
can go on and on and talk about these
but we ain't got all day so let's go get
some groceries
you
Cheerios huh coming in at number nine is
a sneaker that I wore more than anything
else this year the Calabasas Kanye
adidas the Calabasas Kanye adidas now I
got to put these in my top 10 because
like I said look how much I wore these
these were super super beaters of the
year I know it wouldn't really be on
anyone else's list but to me it's a shoe
that I wore a lot when I was traveling
on the airplane off the airplane for
some reason this shoe doesn't have
boosts but it is comfortable as hell so
Kanye and Adidas killed it with this one
even though this is kind of like an old
model they just threw on the Calabasas
title but yeah number 9
Calabasas Kanye it is what it is you
know
number eight I gotta go with the Kyrie
three Mamba mentalities aka the Bruce
leaves the story behind this and the
concept gotta put these on the list
because like this is just dope like when
have you ever seen a nike basketball
shoe kind of like a collab you know I'm
saying like a Kyrie and a Kobe just look
at that logo right there
half Kyrie half Kobe this is inspired by
Kyrie playing in the Bruce Lee Kobe
fives back in his high school days I
believe and that was one of his favorite
shoes and call away so they made a Kyrie
three inspired by this I think it's just
a dope concept I definitely got to add
these in the list I've only worn them
once which is at the Bay Area pop up at
soul supremacy but definitely definitely
fire but I'm not gonna buy them today so
number seven is a sleeper I feel like a
lot of people forgot about these shoes
the hype kind of died on these shoes
quick because ovios they get a lot of
hype when they release they got a lot of
hype when they release but it dies down
quick but these are just fired to me on
top of that I was gifted these by Jordan
Brand at all-star weekend in New Orleans
and it's a promo sample shout to Jordan
Brand
so yeah I got to go with the O vo Jordan
12 on top of that Jordan 12 is my second
favorite Jordan right after the Jordan
one we don't know if there's gonna be
any Jordan ovios in 2018 hopefully there
is I don't know he's our number seven
and I feel like number six was just a
little bit better and those
the Jordan one Allium a collab now I
will be the first to admit I didn't like
this shoe at first because I personally
wanted an all satin shadow one but when
I saw these in hand my eye like I fell
in love with them the corduroy the sat
in the inside leather insole like it's
so so amazing when it comes to quality
and like they killed it with this so I
got to give it to Jordan brand on these
Jordan ones it was between these and the
satin Royals and I have to leave the
satin Royals off to the list just
because these have the corduroy if
you've never seen them in person hold
them in your hand really look at the
quality and I promise you you're gonna
fall in love with these that's why
they're number six shouts a JB coming in
at number five is the Jordan one top
three now how can you not put this on
your list the patent leather the top
three vibes the gold the white the black
this is a classic shoe instant classic
shoe and Thank You Jordan brand for
sending me these because these are so
freaking fire originally I thought these
were a complex con exclusive everybody
thought they were a complex con
exclusive they ended up coming out again
there's even rumors of these coming out
again next year but I don't think that's
true I don't know don't quote me on that
because I don't want to get flame for it
again
this shoe is fire regardless I'm really
happy I got these I actually have two
pairs yeah top threes I guess you could
say these are the
coming in at number four I gotta put the
airmax
Sean Wetherspoons if you guys don't know
Sean won the airmax day contest that
they had earlier this year and there was
a small drop of the sneakers for a few
pop-up shops but these actually released
next year during airmax day I was lucky
enough that he gave me a pair so Thank
You Sean for that this shoe is just like
it's like something I haven't seen
before like full corduroy when you wear
it it gets better over time with like
the fridges and and just the wear and
tear just makes it look so much better
the velour inside with the happy face
like he absolutely killed it
Nike let him do whatever he wanted to do
to this shoe and I'm very very happy to
have these and definitely top four
sneaker have to put these on the list
and for number three I feel like a lot
of people will get mad at this but I
definitely need the next shoe at number
three so
the easy zebras this is one of my
favorite colors of the v-2 and a lot of
people overlook this shoe but I got to
put these at number three because I wore
the hell out of these
I love the colorway I love the model you
can't go wrong what else do I need to
say it's a dope ass sneaker if you know
I'm a huge Kanye fan I got to put at
least one Kanye in the top three but
maybe I have to in the top three
coming in at number two is gonna be the
sneakers on my feet the EZ 700
waverunners now a lot of people are
gonna be mad at that choice but to me I
love this shoe this shoe is so freaking
dope to me it reminds me of my childhood
it kind of shows you of what the
direction is going with with sneakers in
2018 of the whole dad shoe movement like
I honestly don't think you can go wrong
with these and on top of that they have
boost in them so they are super super
comfortable I wore these all around
Europe I wore them out here I took
pictures of them on Instagram you guys
hated the pictures but I love this shoe
this is my top 10 so I definitely need
to put the waverunners at number 2 but
now we got to figure out what's number 1
and I'm pretty sure you guys know what's
number 1 so let's go back to the crib
the sneaker of the year what is number
one out of all the shoes that I unbox
right here all of the shoes that I
bought what was the best sneaker of 2017
you know there was a ton of great shoes
this year there was a lot of great shoes
that didn't even make the list I still
feel like they deserve some recognition
and like the off-white Presto's I win
like 96 Jordan 11 the Travis Scott Air
Force Ones the Oreo human race adidas
and a bred adidas Yeezy b2 but there's
one that stood above them all one that
was hyped great stylish comfortable and
above and beyond when it came to
sneakers in 2017 the number one shoe of
2017 is the fear of God vans in the
marque no I'm just kidding these are not
even on the list the Air Jordan one
off-white collaboration this shoe right
here was the number one sneaker of 2017
in my opinion you get everything the
best of every world not just both worlds
every world classic iconic Jordan 1
Chicago silhouette you've got one of the
hypest and dopest brands out right now
off-white collaborating with Nike and
Jordan Brand
the whole collection was fire but if
there's one sneaker that stood out to me
in the whole year and from that
collection it's this one right here I
mean I don't even need to sell you this
like you already know there's even
rumors of these coming out in different
colorways in 2018 from the first time I
saw pictures of it I just I needed to
have it you know I'm saying like the no
swoosh on the inside with the with the
label you know I'm saying the justice
the shoe looking like it's deconstructed
the story behind it of how Virgil went
into the meeting with an exacto knife
and a pair of Jordan 1 Chicago sand just
messed them up and showed them what his
vision was this shoe is overall it's
it's perfect it's amazing and this shows
you what we should expect in 2018 as far
as you know sneaker brands collaborating
with you know street wear brands and
higher end brands and you know it's not
just about the athletes anymore it's
about the celebrities the fashion
artists you know creators and innovators
and that's what I feel like the future
is all about you know it's funny how 30
plus years later in 2017 a shoe that
came out in 1984 is still the number one
sneaker of the year and that just shows
you where Jordan Brand is they do
release a lot of Jordan ones every year
over like 20 30 pairs but I feel like
2017 was one of the best years in the
Jordan one history like they've released
bangers from these to the top threes to
the satin Royals to the Gatorade Jordan
ones like they just put out amazing
Jordan ones and this tops them all off
and I know what you're thinking
guys that's some fire blazing crew merch
this is actually going to be available
today link is in the bio blazing crew Co
yeah top ten shoot right here this is
number one and thank you guys for
watching I honestly don't know if this
has been the video but yeah that's my
top ten hopefully you enjoyed it and
shout out to all the grocery stores that
kick this out that was aw
alright we done I hope you guys enjoyed
that style I didn't want to just do it
me sitting here by myself you know just
showing you guys the sneakers I wanted
to do something fun with it so like like
I just said we did and like you saw we
just went to all those grocery stores
and you know next year we got a top that
video cuz that I feel like that was a
little fire you know I'm saying anyway
like I just meant
the blazing crew merch is available on
blazing Krukow link is in the bio guys
we're only gonna have this available for
pre-order for a few days these are the
four pieces that will be available but
here's the dope thing thirty people are
randomly gonna win this hoodie we save
30 of these from Steve kook on New York
and we're just gonna randomly put them
in people's packages before we ship them
out ten people are gonna win FaceTime
calls from me and blaze in there we are
gonna call you guys randomly and then
the grand prize like I mentioned one of
you guys is gonna fly to sneaker Con Bay
area all expenses paid flight hotel
tickets for two so you get to bring
someone with you and you get to come
hang out with us at sneaker Con Bay Area
on March 31st so this is the biggest
giveaway we've ever done this is the
biggest online drop we've ever done so
make sure you copy your merch right now
for your chance to come hang out with us
at sneaker Con Bay Area it's gonna be
absolutely lit I promise you before I
end the vlog I do want to tell you guys
what's going on for the rest of the week
I'm filming one skit that will be going
up I think tomorrow and then we're also
filming my entire sneaker collection
because I haven't done that in over a
year so I'm gonna film my entire sneaker
collection literally everything from
here to the ones I have in my closet all
of my sneakers I'm gonna show you guys
and we're gonna be remodeling the whole
wall because Krept protect is gonna be
sending us brand new CREP crates so
we're gonna get rid of these old white
ones and we're gonna replace them with
the new black ones so be ready for that
yeah man that's pretty much it you got
anything to say Chris no he's doing do a
plug for Chris I'm out of here thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you guys
