a beautiful day in Los Angeles again
today's Black Friday and today is a day
where we might be making a change right
lifestyle lifestyle change so since it
is Black Friday we're looking to see if
we can get a good deal at the gym she's
been trying to get me to go to the gym
you guys have been making fun of me so
today we're going to go to a gym and see
if I can get a membership I do have a
membership at other gyms but I kind of
want to go to a nicer gym I hate the
freaking le fitness gyms like I don't
like if I don't like the environment I
can't I don't want to go back you know
so we're going look at this guy all of a
sudden Casey I found him okay so we are
in Beverly Hills now so that the gym is
super bougie Hollywood gym so it's like
literally in the heart of Beverly Hills
sandals shout out the sandal boys for
sending me to sandals
she's got saying your sandals are blue
you got the Chanel Chanel join song
yes Chanel flip-flops on but yo shout
out to translations and Santa boys for
hooking me up with some sandals super
dope man I'll link them down below if
you guys want to check them out but they
got some crazy dope sandals I know like
Kylie Jenner wears their orange ones all
the time
see this is what I know in the book news
he always confronted me we finally did
it man we just signed up for the gym it
was pricey huh yeah it was pricey but I
think that's that's going to push me to
want to use it more knowing him knowing
I have to pay so much you should
actually start like a thing where you
put how much you weigh in everything
right now and then like like show your
progress me oh yeah transformation yeah
yeah for sure
all this cross is dead I'm back on the
gym grind now the diet will start the
diet will start tomorrow because tonight
we're going somewhere I want to eat
right I want to enjoy my last depress
the street is what I would like together
tonight we're going somewhere so I'm
gonna have myself the last fat-ass meal
I don't know I know you're not taking a
slice of pizza cuz you're not gonna
order I will see I think you'll be too
happy to notice what I'm eating
I might as well just tell you guys we
are going to the Warriors vs. the Lakers
game I don't know who I'm gonna be
cheering for because obviously yeah yeah
it creatures but I love I love the
Lakers we'll see I'm a mutual I don't
care who wins I don't care who is we're
gonna stop at Barneys real quick because
I want to see if I get some dope-ass
sneakers or something
look at these these are crazy Tony can I
see me wearing them as a matter forward
my god I wouldn't I don't think that are
aware these like say I'm crazy like
family party but I would never like wear
these publicly
okay I really want these done these are
City with those space shoes
I'm just saying
price price okay
all right guys so we just got to Staples
Center right now
you know what's crazy is Africa will be
retired they closed down the Nike store
at the Staples Center and that Nike
store I've had to come up so there but
I've taken a lot of L's in there so it's
crazy but it's gone that was like Kobe's
Nike store he had his own thank you
store which is great we get a free hat a
little trucker hat she rejected to take
one but I told her to take that what are
you had a drunk you know saying go for
both teeth might see with the means on
it I think it's a pretty good thing man
this is crazy
I got these tickets for a steel man
I don't know how to care for her
we want to pursue let's just say fam
linked up with the home and we're gonna
collapse in right and although that's
his YouTube channel I'm gonna disrupt
your box up above wrecker who these guys
taught us the Wednesday's approver know
everybody hates him right now let's say
man he's not the same without Kobe fan I
was feeling some time you guys know me
like I had no desire even though KD is
representing I had no desire to like
well like you like this is like yeah
that's that way somebody tweeted me
there's a picture of me Mina and then
they said when your girls are warriors
fan but you missing cold oh yeah
all right guys so officially day 1 back
on the grind just need to make sure I
eat healthy today but let me tell you
guys something about this gym I have no
regret regrets signing up let me switch
to the other camera real quick I'm just
flexing on my 8 subs I'm just flexing on
my ex subs ok so basically I'm gonna
keep it short and sweet
when I don't go to the gym I don't have
any sorry about the camera big shake you
and I don't go to the gym I don't have
anything that motivates me so anything I
can find to motivate me I'm gonna do it
the environment here is way way better
than an LA Fitness or a freakin 24-hour
fitness I mean sure it's hello bougie
there's like dissolve like the Hollywood
I know all gyms
what $1 I was on here for more than two
hours I can just shower I can bring my
clothes here and check this it's raining
it's freaking pouring what the hell
where did this come right at least we
get a free car wash yeah okay so I get
my own private Locker with a little
laundry bag and I could put my laundry
in my bin the bag every day I work out
and I just put it in the basket and the
next day when I come to the gym that oh
my god it's so zoomed in and the next
day when I go to the gym my clothes are
washed and it's they're ready for me to
work out again so literally I can wear
the same clothes to the gym and never
have to worry about doing laundry
there's many many benefits to it and I'm
gonna take full advantage of that yeah
I'm going to make sure I can keep this
going and prove all you haters wrong
huh
thanks man let's go ready I'll ring him
cuz Connie was up all right guys
Diego shoutout Diego it was not raining
but I wasn't even gloomy when I walked
into the freaking gym and then I leave
the gym and it's raining my toes are
freakin soaking wet right now guys
luckily your boy keeps a fresh pair of
socks and shoes in the car at all times
hell yeah guys just stop training so I
can use this camera so you are getting
up Fairfax now and now we're gonna hit
up Melrose I'm trying to find these
freaking babe nmds for a decent price
people are trying to get as much as they
can right now I'm trying to get them
like today but it's not looking good I'm
a savage mom so we're here at cool cakes
they don't have any babe and of these
they had some earlier but apparently
they sold them for like 1600s that's
freaking insane man
