Kru TV family what is good everyone
today is the first official vlog since
we hit 500,000 subscribers appreciate
everybody who checked out that little
video I put together yesterday that put
that was a lot of work man I had to go
redownload all of the old vlog then I
had to watch all of the ones that I
wanted to use and then I had to choose
what moment it was a long process but it
was well worth it I love this jacket by
the way but the sleeves are kind of like
they make they make me look like a
freaking Mitchell entire man as if I
wasn't fat enough it is Thanksgiving I
am NOT back home in the Bay Area I
apologize to my family my parents I just
have so much to do here and I'm gonna go
next week to visit so I'll make up for
it
over the past few years that's come out
and there's been a lot of prayers that
have came out these right here are my
favorite when I put them on feet I
literally just fell in love it was like
it was like putting on my first pair
easy like I haven't had that joy in a
minute I mean I'm not trying to sound
cocky or anything like that like you
guys know how many pairs of Easy's I've
collected but for some reason putting on
these it was that that satisfaction of a
pair of sneakers that
so it felt really good to put these on
I'm so happy to happen they're so dope
man they're freaking dope so since it is
already my head is cut off how do they
talk that they get every little drop
okay
I almost forgot to mention this but you
know since this whole vlog is themed
around getting good deals on on stuff
how about this deal slang the app saying
they're doing a Yeezy raffle and if you
win you get to buy Easy's for $1 so I'm
gonna try to buy it easy for a dollar
today at Target just mean do you guys
have the dollar easy still or no don't
worry easy yeah not sure I'm not sure
it's okay it's okay thank you you don't
have a here fam
it is real yeah the slang is doing it
it's real no you can it take you there's
an app called slang it's like a
marketplace for sneakers and basically
they're doing a promo this weekend yeah
yeah what a bro are you doing that good
oh can I eat up yeah let's do it there
you go that's cigarette
have a good day you too yeah we already
had they have about 20 to 50 pairs and
they're all going for about 500 to 750
bucks Android users slang is now
available for them so if you got an
Android you can use it too it's not just
for iOS people's even if you don't want
Easy's you can still use slang to buy
and sell other sneakers I like that
reminds me something I would want to
gain so this son sling no sneakers the
sneaker marketplace but pretty much out
man even with sling if you guys want to
like if you know if you're worried about
like getting scammed and stuff there's
like a protection program with it it has
scam protection so you're not going to
get scammed on there I can promise you
guys that and there's actually a web
version it's in the description box down
below
have you recording in the store oh all
right guys so we've been Black Friday
shopping for about an hour now target
was insane there was way too many bodies
in there he couldn't even move cards I
was going to get NBA 2k by the way I
don't even have a ps4 system I'm just
buying it because I know I'm going to
buy one soon so I was like let me get
this game's it's so cheap but anyway so
we left target and then we went to Best
Buy and then Best Buy's line was even
longer and then I said let me just check
if they have the same deals online and
they did so basically best but uh so
basically the Black Friday life hack if
you see something in store and you know
wait in line just check if it's online
where's that couple of shopping and yeah
I never said that it's just they hurt my
toes yeah they got you your size up too
no you didn't since the same place I got
you seven and a half seven
I got you seven and a half it is yeah
it's a seven and a half
well there's your seven in the elf
written perfectly alright guys so we
just found our five-star restaurant we
are a Denny's right now or think our
second Thanksgiving together and this
tell'em worth our meal is less will
definitely we talked with you because
last year was del Taco so this year we
upgraded a little bit to about her but
and our good friends it's because we
were trying to get to the model of Fez
alright guys so I dropped off Mena and I
met these guys at the mall not this guy
that was a race stranger
looking real quick Oh what you won
what's up then look JJ my nigga lay just
say hey 30,000 like your grill let's
just save my girl
I doubt him wash your honor yeah I have
it in the car
Connor wants done too much and I got a
little blade I want to get jacked all of
a sudden this dude walking like he
shouldn't watch us stop here we're
always positive I'm mr. Scott man oh you
know man I was lovely since he stopped
coming around it's not wearing easy most
devices government is busy with school
yeah how does submit this guy's this guy
I'm going to say this these guys deserve
everything on everything that's been
going on all that stuff but Thanksgiving
wasn't here for this much love honesty
always shopping at forever 21 gesture
and Thursday I heard about that catch
catch it what causes that catch right
now he would rather spend a freaking
Thanksgiving with his bougie la friends
than with his real family guys we are
right here and he hasn't hit us up all
day not once gee he sent us a snap with
a Hal a nice dinner did he put it on the
story or no Hal a nice dinner bra this
is what Costas freaking dinner now it
looks hella nice boom I was like Dale it
his dinner he's happened without us I
honestly want the jacket more than I
want the shoes all the rumors are saying
that there's only 30 jackets online how
are they only dropping 30 jackets on
adidas calm hopefully there's more
jackets available in store and hopefully
they don't resell for hella crazy prices
because I don't want to spend more than
like a couple hundred dollars on a
jacket
honestly I mean I've spent crazy amounts
on sneakers but a jacket I don't it's
not even that cold in La Femme
that is honestly it for today's vlog
hope you guys enjoyed I had a great day
I enjoyed my day tomorrow is another day
obviously I don't know what I'm saying
anymore I would suggest that you guys
stay tuned to my Instagram today because
I'm going to be giving away a few
sneakers on there so if you want to
follow me my Instagram is at Kaiser Omar
and I'll be
posting about that sometime today
because it is Black Friday we did hit
half a million subscribers I think it's
only right that you guys deserve a
giveaway we'll see how it goes
too much sauce
