you know it's uh I don't usually do this
but it's a special event tonight so I
might give you a little preview fuckin
here's some noise out here I'll never
get this Paul right here this is oh can
I get a shout-out from Kai so MA so hi
uh yeah I don't even know if anybody
didn't need it for the song
welcome to Crewe t.v we have decided to
make this second channel so we can put
things like video logs up behind the
scenes bloopers pretty much anything
that I want to put up on here
announcements anything like that and you
know what anything you guys want to see
on here we're gonna do that too so if
you guys want to see maybe like my shoe
collection collection now on the more
announcements things like that it all
goes down here at Crewe T V and you know
what
Oh
dropped off listen listen Joe Calzaghe a
good guy right walk into a bar right yes
for milk it's a bar men looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
over change but I stay on my mission got
the same goal they feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't lives in a
while I'm talking when it easy when it's
not you good stepping they don't know
that your blood is so good I got it so
good got it so good
how can I say no Hawking I'm not got it
so good he gave me a lot
hello hey fam did you find an apartment
no no luck today it's all good just some
crash on my couch
praise ya actually saw in the back of a
car on a bumper sticker I'm just trying
to gain perspective when it's easy to
neglect it I'm tired I always act and
I'd rather write a directed ain't no way
around it ain't no sense in being
selective I know you can handle anything
but you're affected by the way people
think and how they want you to be but
life is all about God and your family
tree so what's the point all these
figures pointed right at me understand
everybody has a breaking point and now
they're running round these tracks with
these inky joints love the life that
you've been given that's my case in
point and if you always do your best
you'll never disappoint I'll make it
right into your face and you don't get
the point dreams come to fruition that's
the greatest thing it's kind of sad the
money out relationships maintain never
love so real but when this world takes
aim everything that you fought for
always takes the blame I see it now
maybe it wasn't so bad the glass was
half-full I didn't
I got love and I can't forget that and
I'm the only one that's been holding me
back and that's a fact but I'm glad that
I know it now so as much as I'm gonna
miss being here my family and everything
if I want to further my career I have to
be in LA so don't chapter again this is
a new start this is the last chance this
is the one this is where it has to
happen man I'm literally putting all my
chips on the table here I'm going in I'm
checking in during the fourth quarter
and taking the last shot right now so
wish me luck guys I hope you guys enjoy
this basically this is a new journey
here is the first look oh my new bedroom
I mean there's nothing really I can show
you guys right now because my bed's
obviously doesn't have a bed frame but I
have a comfortable mattress and I got a
few of my shoe boxes got some shoes day
one in LA has officially started just
give me the time of the day I will be
right on my way
I'm running with triggers a spray might
as well be gonna stay you serving you
riding away but you know I said to place
I'll put you the heart I made it I don't
even deal this is that shit that you
feel I'm just holding I don't even smoke
and I ain't popping no bells created the
throat that you crave you wanna bite is
a taste
black mom watches on my Jersey uh no
time for yoga hard enough gotta get it
by myself on matter what you hear the
sound from the basement rolling up you
know black my body just hung my jersey
up i no time for your games are enough
gotta get it by myself no matter what
you hear the sound from the patient
going up
