what's going on guys so it is beautiful
and sunny in Los Angeles but it's still
a little chilly regardless I would've
still worse but I'm hungry as hell it's
like 2 o'clock I'm about to go grab some
Panera Bread and do my work over there
because I need to edit I'm not used to
wing buddies that zip up I usually wear
pullover hoodie so this is kind of
awkward to me
yeah you big to the Wi-Fi app never
really sucks the food is great but the
Wi-Fi sucks so not have to head back
home to upload because originally I was
going to upload from here but saying
it's gonna take three hours so not about
that life so I just remembered I have a
package waiting for me at the post
office so I'm gonna make a quick pit
stop because it's really close to me
back line no bad what is this Oh Dancing
with the Stars Dancing with the Stars is
at the Grove today I just checked the
subscriber count for this channel pro TV
and guys we are less than three thousand
subscribers away right now so that means
we are bound to hit half a million in
the next few days if we hit it on
Thanksgiving that would be insane
because I really want to do something
special for it and I'm not talking about
like just a special post like I want to
make a special video for it so we'll see
um over here right here we'll see when
we hit it but hopefully we hit it soon
because I'm super excited about it
g-wagen pink camera on edition lunch
boys look skinny G no I don't object
yeah yes I thought this is like a laptop
box
Peter box there's no name on you this is
the same hand I trade yeah how old
is that show honey how do you do deals
came in started talking to so I really
talked to him but it was just a though
you're like I just like oh it's great to
meet you my name is Caius and he's like
yeah yeah was there riff raff as there
was like was good riff raff no I was
like what's up Jodi Jodi hot role in
these episodes he was being hello Loki
kalium kalium see al l um thanks for the
latter fam it's dubs you said a snip oh
wow oh yeah
damn they know that I'm the world
champion fam I get respect everywhere I
go
nocturnal duh I got a Turtledove -
Turtledove
hurry bow mini packages hell yeah bruh
oh we got the freaking Batmobile Hot
Wheels Batmobile this is sick
Alex Alex from Torrance California which
is not that far shout out to Alex Thank
You Man watch the ETS right now
and then this isn't from the PIO box but
I'll open it anyway don't believe
everything you read no more interviews
big sean t-shirt don't believe
everything you read buddy this is thick
as hell bro look how thick this print is
on it's like 3d it's crazy
look at this tell me is negation food
alright guys so we just got to Westwood
right now because we're gonna go get
some of the best food in Los Angeles
my favorite teriyaki chicken with rice
at Gucci
I'm with fire kicks right now fire kicks
we bought a grub are you doing hi I know
all the comments are gonna say oh you
came to us LA because you're Kanye's in
the hospital over there no that's not
the reason we came over here low-key it
is no it's not the reason we came over
here but let's just say fam this is
where we this is where it all started
man UCLA this is where we met and to
help me over there was your name again
man
Ackman there we go I forget then I'm
Stan we had our first five pillars photo
shoot right here doing a photo shoot
right now open it and look at me five
pillars we got the gear right here
shoutouts oh hey wassup to the
people what up everybody that's it we
always say this every time we come here
alright guys so look how beautiful this
is Gucci right here if you're in UCLA
make sure you guys come to Gucci but
they only accept cash so make sure you
guys are prepared fire kicks what did
you get No
real cheese animals are delivered animal
will just say I'm sorry first what do we
have here fair so this is a new place I
opened up all shaved ice I try the
cookie naturally
I guess for the people wondering what
vans are mine today I'm wearing the Toy
Story woody ones which I've been waiting
to wear for a while now they're nine and
a half so they I thought they were gonna
fit small but they actually fit pretty
comfortable after the first like 20
minutes they got really comfortable so
check them out woody vod's pats and
jeans you know how we do things man I'm
about to head out of Westwood right now
I'm gonna take you over home because
Achmed lives closer to this place I'm
gonna link his address down below if
you're gonna stop by guys go out to go
to hot stuff guys all right but uh I'll
see you in like two days
so tomorrow is more you preview you have
two more busy Loki day tomorrow Pam
let's just say watch the work tomorrow
to find out what we're doing I don't
know why we were chilling outside a
Victoria Secret like some creepers but
that's just a fan until next time as if
you're gonna feed corn for holidays you
might make us a price trip but no not
Friday yeah let's just see Pam I got to
get approval oh whoa whoo that was that
hey yo so we just threw a water bottle
at us yo come on yo this is not funny
it's not a joke all right here dude
there's no one there who the help
somebody through freakin water bottle
right away is this like this maybe they
went into Irvin Alfred get up come on
let me see maybe he's like a test to see
if you can do the water bottle challenge
damn it I could've swore I saw somebody
ding aah ooh BRR is calling maybe it's a
uber oh no it's my mom they trying to
mess our vibes fan what she stop easy
tomorrow
okay there you go drop in tomorrow and
let me tell you guys the resale is not
going to be high on this one you're not
I think the max is gonna be five to six
hundred per pair which is the lowest
resale I have seen there's three
different colors my favorite is the
green one because it looks kind of cream
but I think the crowd favorite is the
red one the black and red and the copper
one just I feel like in the second but
go ahead a cop up cop them because you
want to wear them don't cop to resale
there you go fire kicks nose but your
groceries annoying me I fight cops are
still resell it yeah okay my uber sick
RG that's good hi I just got back to the
crib like an hour ago literally my whole
closet this Pole right here collapsed I
put it back but you can just kind of see
where it broke off so basically all my
clothes had fell and they're all laying
here so and this part right here snapped
off so this including the poles all down
there so I had to put all the pressure
on that side so most my clothes out
there I took out all the boxes and put
them here
I've come to the conclusion that think
it's really time for me to move move on
move move find somewhere new and yeah
man
I think 2017 is going to be when I start
when I get out of here it's two minutes
too much stuff like I don't even have
room for for these shoes it's ridiculous
so basically I did check the subscriber
count like 10 minutes ago while I was on
the toilet
we are 2,000 subscribers away from half
a million if that is the case tomorrow's
vlog if we do hit half a million I want
to do something special so I'm going to
be preparing something that I think
would be pretty dope Thanksgiving is two
days away I want to do something
since we are going to be reaching most
likely half a million subscribers this
week I think it's only right that I do a
giveaway and I haven't decided how I
want to do it yet do I want to do
something in person do I want to do
something on YouTube do I want to do
something on Instagram I haven't decided
yet but I know I want to give away
multiple pairs of sneakers to you guys
one of the sneakers that I know I want
to give away these ones right here the
supreme vans these are a size ten and a
half I believe I have not worn them yet
they're dead stock I've tried them on I
don't like the way they fit compared to
other vans these are one of the vans
that I'm going to be giving away kairi's
I need to give a few skyress for sure
away because I have way too many I'll
probably give away my Black History
Month kairi's which I haven't wore yet
so I just want to say if you aren't a
subscriber and you watch the vlogs I
would really appreciate it if you guys
did hit that subscribe button I am
uploading a new video every day on crew
kicks this week to for Thanksgiving so
make sure you guys go check those videos
out and that's pretty much it
thank you guys for watching thumbs up
he's good scrub
