okay I'm just getting annoyed I wasn't
even gonna upload anything today on TV
but I felt like I I I had to I haven't
done it in the past I think I missed the
last two days of vlogging and I thought
this would be a great opportunity for me
to tell you guys a story what happened
this past Sunday so basically as you
guys can see from the title of this vlog
I met Drake
you guys know I'm a huge fan of Drake
you guys know like I'm a die-hard fan of
Drake I'm not gonna sit here into a ten
minute talk about it I'm gonna start off
by saying it's funny that it happened
because the day I uploaded the vlog
where I talk about meeting celebrities
and how you have to act normal that was
like a day I met Drake the day after
that what I said was when you talk to
them or you approach them you gotta just
you gotta talk to them like they're just
another person there's certain
celebrities where I watch the approach
and like fangirl over but even then I'm
gonna try to play it cool going into the
night I didn't know if I was gonna meet
him or not but I'll admit I was nervous
because it's someone who I listen to and
who I kind of like look up to we got
there we were invited I was invited to a
private party on Sunday super private
man basically man it was just a crazy
experience just being in the building
was crazy it was motivating because
you've seen the success around you and
it made me want more success in and what
made me want to be able to surround
myself with those types of people who
are creating stuff and who are you know
just doing big things the night was dope
you know what I'm saying I had Mina with
me so me and Mina were there
later on in the night a few hours past
we were
you know and that's when I was actually
I was about to leave and then our mutual
friend actually introduced me to him I
didn't get to sit there and talk to him
which is cool man I was introduced I
can't complain it was a dope moment it
was a dope night and shook hands he
pulled me in he gave me a hug so like he
gave me kind of like a hug and then I
was just like yo it's great to meet you
and I I don't remember what else was
said but it was super quick and then
somebody else came and and started
talking to him so it wasn't like we had
a full-blown conversation I just said
what's up introduced I said that was
weird to meet you my name is Caius and
and then that was pretty much it but it
was just the fact that I got to meet him
which was super dope I wasn't nervous at
that point I was nervous before but I
wasn't nervous it just felt it felt like
natural it was dope it was like it was
like you know I'm saying it's like they
come certain point when you're when you
meet certain celebrities and things like
that what you just gotta you know you
just gotta be normal hopefully one day
I'll be able to have a an actual
conversation with him that's pretty much
it that's my meeting Drake story I hope
you guys enjoy it I hope you guys aren't
too disappointed that this video wasn't
like a daily vlog or anything like that
but I can't promise you that I'm about
to leave my house right now I'm gonna go
grab some food I'm gonna start editing
this video posting it so this is the
same day you guys are watching it and
tomorrow and the rest of this week and
the rest of this month and the rest of
this year you guys will get daily vlogs
I might miss a day or two but nothing
too crazy so thank you guys watching and
that's pretty much gonna be this non
vlog crew TV video
