now I'm just going to this like stay
inside what's the price
I just hope I got enough its proper size
gotta trust you gotta also then she got
sometimes that's the Plus her heart is
rose gold but she hypnotized
so seeing celebrities in LA I used to be
a big deal to me until you realize that
there's so many of them and they're just
normal people like I used to look at
them as if they had a halo over their
head
you know the rich famous people which is
you know they're not average but you
just like when you talk to them or you
approach them you gotta just you gotta
talk to them like they're just another
person because one they enjoy that more
and twos because they actually are and
it's just like I don't know like I just
saw Seth Rogen right now is that his
name Seth Rogen Rogen Rogen whatever the
funniest guy I just seen him and I just
didn't say anything to him because I
don't want to disturb him like he's
probably tired from a flight or whatever
but there's certain celebrities where I
watch the approach and like fangirl over
but even then I'm gonna try to play it
cool but I think the key to meeting
celebrities in Los Angeles is to just
keep an eye out because you never know
can't take those like Hollywood tours
and stuff like that like - doesn't work
like I've seen more celebrities just
randomly on the street doing nothing
I have like trying to find them like I
met Kobe at a gas station
I met Shia LaBeouf walking on Melrose
hundred thirteen dollars
so what's on the agenda I saw a car just
pulled up next to me so it's kind of
awkward I'm about to meet up with a
homie right now who has early pairs of
the ezv twos that are coming out on
Black Friday I'm still gonna try to get
them for retail but I've kind of given
up on getting any easy for retail
because it's like nearly impossible so
I'm gonna cop myself an early pair I'm
gonna get Mena in early pair and then
I'm getting two other pairs for a friend
of mine who I can't even say who it is
because it's it's like I'm playing the
middleman in this situation where I got
to get a pair for someone I'm not a
reseller but sometimes in cases you know
certain people do hit me up and they're
like yo can you help me get you Z's and
I make it happen and I don't charge
extra or anything like that I just make
them I just help them get you Z's for
what I usually pay and at the end of the
day it's not retail so for everyone
whoever freaking hits me up and says
like hey can you help me get you Z's for
retail I can't help you get Easy's for
retail I can help you find your size and
you'll have to pay resale but retails
are not gonna happen man
unless you get lucky with the raffle or
something yo this small is so weird I
feel like I'm in the garage
but this is like the actual stores are
just right here there's like crazy
construction going on in here all right
so I know a lot of my viewers are really
young I meet a lot of you guys at these
sneaker events and things like that so I
just want to give you guys a little bit
of advice especially if you're into like
reselling or not even if you're into
reselling I know even if you're not a
reseller you still trade and sell
sneakers time-to-time basically if
you're gonna meet up to buy some shoes
or to sell some shoes or to trade some
shoes I would suggest meeting up at a
public place like a mall like I am now
and bringing someone with you because I
don't know if you recently solved but
recently there was a situation where
there was a sneaker deal and the guy
pulled out a gun and he started shooting
at the person selling the shoes so they
basically stole the shoes from him and
he just shot him I don't know what
happened if he actually got shot or if
the bullet missed him or what happened
it's not worth it over a pair of
sneakers whether it's a hundred-dollar
sneaker or a thousand-dollar sneaker
you're like
is not worth the pair of shoes so please
if you're gonna do a meet-up make sure
you have an adult with you if you're
young and even if you're older make sure
you have a homie with you just to be
safe man you never know man it's a cold
world out there I think the best place
to do sneaker trade or buying a pair of
sneakers is definitely at a sneaker con
so definitely either a sneaker con or
any other sneaker convention but you
know I'm gonna promote secret con
because that's the Superbowl of sneaker
conventions yeah man that's just my
advice man be safe and even though I
know the homie that I'm meeting up with
today we're still meeting in a public
place because I mean it's good for both
of us it's safe and there's money
involved their sneakers involved like
you don't want to go to like a freakin
dark alleyway you know what I'm saying
even if you trust the person you know
what I'm saying it's better safe than
sorry don't mind the dirty car a
shout-out to the plug
unfortunately he doesn't have anything
higher than the size ten and a half
right now I wasn't able to get those two
size 12s that I needed I'm not gonna
show you guys too much of these today
I'm gonna make a crew kicks video
obviously for these today on since it's
Sunday it's gonna be a snub sneak or
Sunday based around the new Easy's
coming out so yo so I like I really want
to pull over so I can show you guys this
freaking sky this is straight beautiful
look at this hello clouds are not moving
at all this is like a work of art man
this is beauty right here when I see
stuff like this a lot of people don't
appreciate it but I do appreciate it
event life is beautiful get off your
computer screens and get off your phones
go outside look at nature get inspired
create something don't man
take take two surrett takes what's
around you and create something and
that's that's what life is about man
what's going on guys so it's currently
12:47 a.m. I didn't have vlog oh my god
I didn't vlog all day after my little
drive I had first thing I want to say is
a quick note sneaker con Charlotte
December 10th the same day the Space Jam
Jordan Elevens come out is officially a
hundred and ten percent for me I was
kind of exhausted I didn't know if I
wanted to do it but then I realized that
if I were to go to Charlotte that means
I went to every single sneaker con in
2016 and I take a lot of pride in being
able to complete the full sneaker con
2016 schedule and on top of that like I
said before I owe it to Charlotte
because we cancelled Charlotte on the
tour we made it happen baby Charlotte
I'm coming and you guys are getting
something very sexy as far as March I
said I wasn't gonna do any more kanye
inspired Pablo t-shirts but I got one
more in the books for you guys that
nobody else has seen so stay tuned for
that the next thing I want to talk about
it is the shirt pre-orders the Space Jam
ones a lot of people have been asking me
when their shirt is gonna ship hey I
made my order it's been a few days how
come I haven't got a shipping culture a
shipping confirmation we did a pre-order
so pre-order means we made orders based
on how many orders were done once we
completed the 48-hour time frame if I
could if we did have the products right
now we would ship it right now but it's
a pre-order usually when we don't do
pre-orders and we have the product ready
post shipped to you guys right away like
the day of but we did a pre-order so
that everyone can have them based on how
many orders we get so stay to stay put
don't go crazy on me end of this month
that's when it's gonna ship out black
Nike box
Kyrie Nike they released the
championship packs the four different
championship packs if you didn't want to
buy the whole package ID two of the
stinkers
I did it the speckles on the bottom that
is so sexy the gold midsole is so sexy
the next thing and the last thing that
I'm gonna talk about is something that a
lot of people tweeted me to ask me my
opinion on it and it was about Casey
nice that as you guys know my favorite
youtuber he made an announcement today
he has done daily vlogging no more vlogs
from him period
I could tell it was coming because he
hasn't been uploading vlogs consistently
I didn't know it was personal issues in
his life or if he just didn't want to do
it anymore but apparently he feels like
he doesn't need to do it anymore I'm not
gonna go ahead and explain the whole
situation you can watch his full video
on his channel where he explains why
doesn't want a daily vlog pretty much my
opinion on it is obviously it sucks
every time you see someone who's your
favorite and something stop he get kind
of sad when Kobe retired
I really haven't watched an NBA game
since it suck it sucks the fun out of it
and sure there will always be
replacements but it's never gonna be as
good as what your favorite was it's
gonna suck to not have Casey's vlogs
daily I know he's still gonna upload
dope-ass content which is still great
for us subscribers I mean at the end of
the day you can't force someone to want
to do something if he doesn't want to
vlog then we have to respect that you
know what I'm saying he shouldn't have
to vlog just because millions of people
want him to he should do it because he
enjoys it and if you don't enjoy
something whether a million people are
watching or not you shouldn't have to do
it if you're not enjoying anything in
life there's no reason why you should
force yourself to do it just to make
other people happy
obviously with him I don't think it is
about money because he was rich I don't
know if he was rich but he was making
money before YouTube like he he had sold
a show to HBO I believe and
he had money before YouTube so I really
don't think it was about the money he
explains his reasoning for it and I
think it's a hundred percent legit it's
just he didn't feel a completely he felt
like he dominated it for himself and he
wanted to reach for a new type of goal
or whatever it may be a hundred percent
agree with his decision and it's gonna
suck you want to see people you enjoy in
any category from art video to music you
want to see them happy
we as consumers and fans tend to get a
little bit of get a little bit greedy
for instance if like Kanye or Drake
doesn't put out a song for a few months
we'll be like oh he fell off he's and
he's not good anymore he's he's he's at
my yeah he's he's not he doesn't happen
anymore we know we tend to get a little
bit greedy and we we don't understand
that everyone's human kind of like I
said earlier in the vlog and it
shouldn't be like that we need to
appreciate them for what they've already
done and the happiness they've given us
the drill what they've created one of
the main reasons why I vlog years from
now I can go back and watch it it's not
just to get views and and all that it's
to make my memories last and one day
when I'm gone my grandchildren's
grandchildren would be able to go on the
internet and watch my life instead of
having to bake their parents for old
DVDs and cassettes tape because I tapes
it's there for them and it's a damn
there for everybody else it's a journey
man you can go back and watch my first
vlog and see where I was in my youtube
life and my personal life to now and see
where I am and you'll see the growth
you'll see a story you'll see obstacles
you'll see ups and downs probably 100%
cherkasy you'll never see this video but
if for some reason he does thank you for
the dull content thank you for the dope
videos thank you for days and days of
editing cuz nobody really appreciates
that editing because they don't see that
part of the vlogs and looking forward to
any future content you do release
whatever you do release it yeah that's
it
I ranted for a long time so I'm sorry
about all the talking let's just look at
this last shoe before we go I'm probably
gonna return these who's too much white
they don't have a return don't need no
second interviews it's just that real
cheffing like Jimmy Wong making
three-course meals then it's back to the
lab concentrate in the field no sleep I
want selection for real my life is like
a movie ain't no Netflix and chill
