making moves in the Mini Cooper he good
yeah yeah I'm good
what's going on guys it is another
beautiful day here in the Bay Area
whatup reminiscing about tour times
talking about what we should have done
wrong right and what we did wrong but it
was good times let's just say 2017 well
we would be on the road again we should
have had this car right here fam this
Mercedes Sprinter van will cost
shout-out to across the toilet manager
he was I killed you if you want can
flake on her we just finished eating and
we're already in San Jose we're at
Santana Row which is like I've been here
a lot before in the old vlogs but I've
haven't been here in a while but it's
like a really nice shopping center in
San Jose that connects to Valley Fair
Mall and I don't know if we're gonna go
to all the bougie stores but fruits ever
been here so we're taking him around
first time here all of a sudden fam no
plans yet man we're going to Kanye
tonight we just bought our tickets BAM
get that Tesla that's the one Oh
okay this vlog gets a hundred thousand
likes the unit ISIL both by Tesla's like
a hundred thousand likes is not gonna
happen
yeah you can go on the YouTube and
everything with that phone I could go
like and subscribe to your channel
yeah my friend wants me to get this car
so bad I think my favorite thing is the
this panoramic window whatever it is and
all our guys who are at Urban Outfitters
and look what they have they have the
views record they have the water time
could be a live record and they have
that if you're reading this it's too
late record so I'm going to get all
three of these because I actually
collect Drake and Kanye records and I
already have Drake's first two albums on
vinyl so I need these three and when I
get my own apartment
soon I will be putting these on my wall
randomly throughout the apartment let's
just say the crew man cave is coming
soon and I don't know if my hair is all
over the place but I think it is you
know like I download this one because
more colorful for the leaves turn from
pink to bright red really geum's she's
gonna die in like a my whole fact keep
it online for a couple months
why do they have basketball shoes at
Urban Outfitters yeah see my eye the eye
aim is just like big a lot of things
look like my car inside it's like why
would I spend a hundred K of that yeah
like everything
expresses where all the d-bag thought
that when they're gonna go to the club
or when they go to Vegas when we inherit
we're in New York getting outfits for
hasani's wedding all the comments were
like ah you faltered shopping at Express
these people like you control us I have
like 30 different like accounts and I
just come out here how do you how do you
view the joy you sit down
it's comfortable can two people sit on
one because they got a headphone we've
got a Netflix and chill you know so I'm
about to go to Paxton right now because
like my freaking pants are hell
uncomfortable
I keep getting wedgies so I'm gonna go
buy some new pants from Paxton
let's just say five pillars doesn't make
jeans yet I'm probably gonna end up
buying the same Camel ones that I wear
every single day that everybody calls me
out on because they actually have a hole
in them around the crotch area so I'm in
my underwear right now and I'm I have
one of the guys paying for my stuff
right now so that I can just switch into
my pants but basically I'm getting these
ones right here they got like a little
rip and then I'm getting some sweatpants
so I might just wear the sweatpants
tonight because it looks dopin I don't
know I just don't see a reason and why
wearing pants but I get to be
comfortable at the concert like I'm not
there to impress anybody so let's just
say things in LA so alright any cuts
anybody so much better so much more
comfortable Brown vibes winter vibes I
like it so we are about three hours
almost three hours away from the Kanye
concert I just realized that I only have
this camera which I can't take in and I
didn't bring my g7x it's in Los Angeles
so I'm probably just gonna
phone a little bit because I've already
done Kanye concert vlogs so I don't want
to keep repeating it this is actually my
is it my boy yeah this is my fourth
Kanye Pablo tour show so I'm excited
about that
GM's gonna wild out right you're gonna
turn up or no yeah but this is my one of
my first functors I've been to really
yeah
as no one comes out to Sacramento Oh
before we leave the mall you boy got to
get some of that
I make youtube videos nicely this is a
better pose
what if I wore one of these hoodies
Lucifer LJ
so that right there was the sneaker
shopping mannequin challenge I kind of
wanted to get an employee in on it but I
don't think they're allowed to be on
camera when they're filming so I didn't
ask I think I did a good job should have
made it longer though next time when the
trend dies anyway this is okay so we're
at Best Buy
this vlog is honestly like there's it's
just cutscenes of us doing random stuff
there's no story to it Farooq is looking
at the new MacBook Pros which I really
want to get even though there's that
whole issue with no ports or chargers
whatever the hell it is
three intervals
I am gonna buy this though because I
need a new one I get a new one of those
every few months trying to be Fuji on
snapchat I proof about the undies Dez
saw one of these but I got a size 8
shoutout to q4 site-swapping these for
me you still got the tag on G GM's like
welcome to the EZ Club yeah welcome
beautiful - before I'm dead
all right guys who were finally had guys
this is the merch line for Kanye right
now
I thought this was the line to get in is
the merged line that's the line to get
in holy heard about that actually
alright guys I hate to do this to you
but we got a switch to the iPhone camera
so sorry if the quality goes down in
five four three two one
alright guys so we just got this app
Center picked up more tickets shout out
to everybody boom ah yeah yeah what up
end oh what's up guys Thank You shutters
yeah go ahead go ahead
alright shout out to Malik shout out to
Shakur and Sebastian
Collison thank you
so we just got on the floor we didn't
have mercy
this guy yes shadow dude we got
wristbands the shows about to start
we're about to go crazy you guys ready
for the floor pen yes I'm here how many
people are gonna dock out a couple of
them yeah I got good got a good spot man
let's just say five pillars lawsuit
coming soon
waiting for the music to start right
here
ray-ray
Oh guys Konya has been ranting for an
hour now
look it's completely answered
everybody's just waiting right here
in a bowtie
his play on the daily blogs all of a
sudden alright guys ending the vlog
looking like a Teletubby again had a
great day shout out the Frug shout out
the GM for coming through going to the
concert with me I bought another pair of
sneakers the Curie MVP double back to
backpack the shoe right here is is it's
something that I've been wanting from a
minute I just never got it I'm watching
some YouTube videos big Knicks vlogs I
like his vlogs as well so funny yeah man
the this was probably the best and the
worst Kanye show I've been to if that
makes sense
it was super lit in the pit like it was
crazy like I was with the homies in the
pit but he just kept stopping songs
midway through which sucked but I love
when he goes on rants
so it was like ups and downs like I love
his rants but he had to cut in the
middle of music to do the rants and then
by the time he was done with the rant he
would say next song so like he would
even finish that song
two of his rants lasted like 30 to 40
minutes so the show ended at like 12:30
it started at 9:30 I think the reason
for all his rants was just because this
is the first time that he performed
since we've got a new president
president here in America and I think he
just had a lot to say I hope you guys
like my mannequin challenge
I'm really tired as you guys can tell
it's like well two o'clock to 3 o'clock
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog I'm probably gonna be home all day
tomorrow by the way disclaimer spoiler
alert but I might go buy the new
Playstation and played all day long so
that might be interesting I don't know
it all right I'm gonna see
