best biggest sneaker package ever I've
never
alright guys pulled up to Glendale want
to hit up some food spot actually we
just put off the glenda and we're going
to allof garden and hell yeah fam I'm so
excited man I haven't had pizza since
New York it's been a week and a half I'd
rent a week between me and a half by
this is really nice dogs know this but
don't fall all of a sudden she's
undressing her moon rock today we both
got my relationship goals look up dirty
my beard
let me hold the door for you and guide
one of us is totally staring face at
night
what'd you say nothing you'll have to
watch it just a fairy so guys we just
had the best meal in life that was a
dress decision ever
wait what are we waiting for we have the
right away right
this is what you did this
frickin game suckers people so the you
know squared
you know that's how what I day and I
said you guys have the new Nintendo
system you know this okay the $60
Nintendo Oh $60 they should know it just
came out oh my god
ain't no need to do that can you guys
send me this one of these two well okay
yeah so we just walked into flight 23
and this is the first time I seen these
twelves and I am you have these so yeah
I'm gonna pass on these but it's really
nice quality is good but not a color you
can wear all the time
so we pulled up two champs and this
caught my eye immediately this is the
sickest Jersey ever this is a Steph
Curry rookie year Jersey then it's the
Michelin s hardwood plastic one this is
his Ricky Jersey when he played
alongside Monta Ellis I actually made a
commercial with him this year 2009 to
2010 that's crazy I can't believe they
released this I'm getting this I got my
size at the register already leave your
bandwagon comments down below but your
boy was born and raised in the Bay Oh
Victoria Secret is the worst article
when you're shopping with the world I
feel like a prima donna
thank you I love you laughs BAM are you
ready
well Connecticut picture
guys so it's currently 1118 p.m. and
we're about to go film this unboxing
that's gonna help me out because we're
gonna go do it at the basketball gym I
should probably be back home packing for
my trip tomorrow but we got to grind out
this video before I leave so I'm going
to film this try to get done by 12:00
try to be home by 12:30 very high chance
that I'm not gonna get any sleep today
so if I seem sleepy and then forgive me
please because we grind gotta jet
looking for alright guys so it's almost
1:00 a.m. and we just wrapped up this
video took way longer than I expected
literally it's a super short skit that's
going to be in the beginning of the
unboxing but that's it man I need to go
home
edit I'm not getting any sleep tonight
shout to fire kicks for coming through
wrapping that dream crew jersey always
where you going this week in town he's
going out of town I'm going out of town
let's just say we'll reunite soon food
just snow fam let me show you guys that
I still got it just because I lost in
New York doesn't mean the kid fell off
everybody's commenting on my pictures
recently I've been playing basketball
and at the Jordan shoot or you can't
ball oh yeah oh so close a little bit
y'all take care all I said it hold a
sudden fall Senate dad double cat Reggie
there
I've been thinking about the time I took
living for the moments that I thought
would look a little bit better than I
felt the inside all the that I
chose to hide I've been feeling like I
just don't know alright guys so we just
got to San Francisco shout out to swag
for picking me up real one real ones
stick around how soon they forget huh
how soon they forget man messed up you
you know I missed the Bay Area days
always you know family friends I miss
the city
I just cadiz running things in the bay
these are happy sitting at home this is
like my first pair of janowski's right
here this is crazy that they brought him
back what you see about those this is my
couch back in oag let's just say Barack
Obama still on the hunt for that NES
game with the 30 classic Nintendo games
I really want to get it out here because
I would love to keep it at home rather
than taking it to LA cuz in LA
only a shout-out to 2k on the bus I'm
gonna get this though I'm getting that
why is that the new PlayStation they
freaking had the box on display and I
got hella happy and then I was like you
know do you have it and they're like no
you're not gonna find it within a
thousand miles of San Francisco I say
then why do you have it on display this
is I learned this from Adam in New York
let's go to adidas and that's my couch
and home oh six G
I can hit the three chicken
I looked I have my fur coat did you see
my snap yeah
the chibok over this is yours yeah put
his own bring it back memories back -
all for G hopeful with a carpet for the
car carpet for the car yeah thank you
appreciate it thank you thank you
alright guys so we're leaving the city
now we were originally going to stay
longer but I can't find the name or the
address of this restaurant that I wanted
to take swag - so way go but it's Fuego
ass Chinese food
I honestly think top three Jordan ones
are becoming my favorite Jordan that's
released this year and I haven't even
told you guys that I got it like I just
threw them on you guys are supposed to
see the unboxing of them later on crew
kicks so spoiler alert
this is the future of uber guys look at
this I think this is a over that drives
itself
alright guys so we're driving back home
and then I was like you know what let me
just hop on the sole supremacy Instagram
but they have two accounts they have the
regular account and then they have
another account called soul in store
basically it's like super quick cheap
crazy deals and usually like they post
something and within like five ten
minutes somebody comes inside the store
and buys it because it's only in store
that's why it's called so long store
it's a pair of the black easy twos the
only ones I don't have from the easy to
Nike set and it's a used pair it's
missing one shoelace and they're asking
for $2,200
that's a really good price for a black
solar I feel like when you get
opportunities like this especially for
an old older model shoe you got a you
know just pull the trigger and then get
rid of other shoes to make up for it
which I'm already trying to do so
there's a shark attacking you but then
your ass three matches your check what
do you think so I'm for I do sometimes
you got to cut the cord she and I talked
about Billa clothes from Seaside they
told us the story but I'm not going to
share with you guys because it's a the
person is a personal piece it letters
personal but so why does that happen for
this is gonna before that we might do it
that girl is a real crowd-pleaser have
my dream shoe in your hand right this is
why I remember when I bought my first
pair
Easy's rows like the biggest deal man I
come home look at this look at the love
I get welcome home
wow the love and support I get from my
family is amazing I'm just kidding guys
this for my niece
what's the laces one of those amazing
inlays that's what I got you by for oh
so I come home and I completely forgot
that I even ordered these I mean in
order these I bought these off the homie
ball in twin easy ones
so I freakin but two pairs these I
bought these have been here for like
three weeks now I think they've been
just chilling here but it's the first
time I've seen him but well I got these
first year look how good I look how
clean they are they're warm but they
honestly look des but he sold me these
for steal so shout-out to ballin twin
finally got a easy one this is my first
easy one
oh yeah this is Jake stuff this is for
buying Drake ticket six God candle
I'm not gonna ever use this Drake frame
so much a great air freshener summer 16
pen that's pretty tight all this cyclic
this is used six cod put a camera foam
fingers alright guys so I'm not gonna
just end the vlog out of nowhere
I just wanted to turn on my camera well
this is my phone camera but I just
wanted to do one last note because I
feel like some people might take it the
wrong way whenever you guys see me buy
these sneakers expensive ones
cheap ones whatever it is I'm never
doing it to show off I never do it for
the intentions of showing off or making
myself seem better than anybody I just
do because this is my hobby and
obviously this is my market on YouTube
that I chose to go with is
sneaker content and it works for me so
it's just you know it's it's like
putting you guys in my position it's
taking it's like you guys are my homies
and we're hanging out together there's
no difference I'm not going to be like
you I'm not going to buy this because
I'm in front of my homie it's like no we
go together you know what I mean so I
don't wanna you want to think I'm
flaunting or trying to stunts or
anything like that this is just what I
do is like I've mint the sneakers you
know I'm on the hunt for sneakers I'm
always trying to get the sneakers I want
if I was trying to stunt I would have
went to like flight club and paid like
five thousand dollars for those freaking
Yeezys you know what I mean but I didn't
I stayed patient and that's what just
key in the sneaker game is staying
patient again it's not the flaunt it's
it's it's just so you know I can take
you guys with me and show you guys my
experiences as a sneaker head the end of
the day we all have jobs
some of you guys are younger you don't
have jobs but one day you will have a
job or you'll be running your own
business and making your own money that
way whatever it may be you know it's all
motivation how do you want to get things
that you want in life whether it's a
pair of sneakers to your dream car to a
house to being able to support your
family whatever it is it's motivation to
show you that you can do it because
anything is possible so you got to grind
hard you got a man follow your dreams
and it took me nine years to get to this
position on YouTube and it's a blessing
man and and I'm very grateful for it I
never overlooked it and I never want
anyone to think that I'm trying to show
off so just wanted to clear that up
Thank You Man thank you guys hit that
thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog I know I look like the
pink Jigglypuff yay
got passion show me how you go pro
I've been feeling like I can do it all
and that's the place out
if you gotta you gotta don't be afraid
to let it show
