 I'm talking maybe too
all right guys so I'm headed to this
Jordan Brand event it is currently
Sunday you guys are watching this on
Tuesday I'm headed to the Warner
Brothers studio in Burbank California it
is the anniversary the 20th anniversary
of the movie Space Jam and in honor of
that Jordan is releasing the Jordan 11
space gems as well as a whole collection
for the Space Jam movie so it says we
have about a 21 minute drive and we have
about 40 minutes to get there in LA Talk
we're gonna be about 20 minutes late
let's go ahead and start this thing up
Jordan Brandon
okay so I just got through the Warner
brother Lots we're about to fill up this
tram right here and then head towards
where the event is we're waiting for a
few more people to arrive so that they
don't have to take multiple trips back
and forth I guess we can take this time
right now while we're waiting to tell
you guys that in New York City I did do
a photo shoot with Jordan Brand and a
few other influencers pretty much like
sneak ahead in the Bay cousteau former
Simpson rayray she got kicked bullet 1rc
we all did a little photo shoot and
again we weren't allowed to post any of
that content until Tuesday so I
accidentally deleted my whole vlog from
that but the only thing I have is b-roll
footage so I'm just gonna show you guys
that b-roll footage right now
oh hey guess what
I mean if I guys look who's here with me
I'm super nervous because I don't know
what's about to happen right now
anything I'm happy you're here with me
because last year an event I didn't know
anybody so at least I have one friend
south stage 24 is used for friends Kay
all 10 seasons
are you media yeah
so these are the snapchat what are they
called snapchat snapchat spectacles and
I was watching his video of him going
and getting where'd you get it
they were 1:30 when I bought it and
they're selling online for $1000
why I don't really know what they do if
you want to know what they do go to his
channel you have a video right yeah and
he also has a video interviewing coke
you know how pissed I am about that nom
skin and was dope man he's killing
it bro alright guys so here's what's
about to happen so basically this was
like a little snack little thingy where
we grab snacks socialize and now we're
about to go inside the theater and go
watch Space Jam I got my ticket
admitting one to go out to space yeah
it's pretty dope pretty dope vibe
alright guys these seats are super
comfortable I'm probably gonna fall
asleep
no Creech you're excited about the retro
11 you saw a little shot of it in the
movie and and we're going to see some
some outside what has you so excited
about this new retro 11 when you look at
the 11 both on and off court there's not
many that kind of go against it we were
able to get from our friends at WB the
original og shoe that Michael wore in
the film and we're on the re-engineer
kind of patent leather it makes so much
sense when you say it now in 2016 you
know you get with the biggest you know
the biggest basketball player in the
world and putting together in this film
but back then like that we wasn't such
an obvious kind of marriage give a nice
round of applause for yesterday
so looking at the collection I'm gonna
admit that my favorite shoe over the 11
is the oh my god the sliding it's crazy
the Jordan 9 look at that the thing I
love most about it is this little
glittery effect that they added to it
that's so dope I didn't even know those
were coming out and so we did the photo
shoot and uh in New York
I think everybody's favorite apparel is
the toon squad Jersey that is like as
people have been waiting for this for so
long
all the Monstars add zeros for their
jersey number they didn't have all right
so there's like a box set right here it
said that we're gonna be getting this on
the day that this log goes up so I'm not
gonna show you guys the details of it
hey there that Jordan event was super
dope Thank You Jordan bran for having me
be a part of the event I appreciate it
and I hope you guys did enjoy the
experience I got to take you it so those
are definitely the types of events that
I want to do because I don't just get to
go from my own enjoyment I get to take
my freakin crew with me I get to take
you guys with me I don't do this often
and I always say I don't do this often
before I actually ask for it but let's
see how many thumbs up we can get let's
show Jordan brand at the crew can kill
it on the thumbs up so go ahead and hit
that thumbs up let's see if we can get
like 20,000 30,000 thumbs up which is
probably not gonna happen but maybe it
will so make it happen before I end the
vlog there's a few things that I want to
just touch on first thing is that we are
currently at let me check four hundred
eighty nine thousand nine hundred and
forty two subscribers so we are about
eleven thousand subscribers away from
half a million I'm gonna make a goal
starting right now to hit half a million
subscribers by the end of this month if
we can hit half a million subscribers by
the end of November I will be honestly
so happy and I'll do a crazy as you give
away I will make sure that we do a crazy
ass giveaway I can only do so much so
I'm gonna need your guys's help tell
your friends to subscribe tell your
followers to subscribe less than eleven
thousand subscribers away man I think we
could do it by the end of the month I
really think we do the other thing I
want to talk about is sneaker con
Charlotte I haven't talked about it I
haven't said if I'm going or not it is
on December 10th 2016 it would be the
last sneaker con of the year I believe
and if I do go that would mean I have
went to every single sneaker con in 2016
which is insane to me but it's been a
blessing I feel like I owe it to
Charlotte to come to sneaker con
Charlotte because during our tour we
actually cancelled the Charlotte pop-up
that's a different story I'm not going
to get into it but I didn't we didn't
come and I've never been to Charlotte
I'm pretty much gonna announce right
here that I most likely 99.9% I'm gonna
be coming to sneaker con Charlotte's
for anybody that's going to be in
Charlotte for sneaker con chances are I
will be there I will officially confirm
it with by this weekend I'm out of here
take it easy have a great Wednesday
mannequin challenge daggers a real
crowd-pleaser
