so we're starting the vlog and a p.m.
8:30 p.m. right now will cost us pick me
up why are you just starting yeah I
haven't been I've been home like
promoting the the drop and editing and
just doing a whole bunch of stuff I
should have done like 5 weeks ago I was
hungry these guys have been filming all
day sick invite well at least they
invited me to come be now they told me
to come and I just I just stayed home
because I have to take care of some
stuff but we're going to eat at one of
the busiest cafes in Hollywood right
Fuji's very healthy and it's very good I
mean yeah it's good at health care but
it's I don't know I we go that I don't
eat I never eat because it's so crowded
I get overwhelmed damn pizza yeah but
yeah so we're going to earth cafe it's
earth cafe right Earth or earth with you
right what the you within you alright
guys so will cause a thing into of all
about all the bougie places in LA so
we're going to earth the cafe and yeah
let's go eat
because I haven't eat all day
noticed a pattern so birthday all right
so the one thing that sucks about this
place is the seating arrangements we
asked for a table for four and they give
us this small table right here so that's
the only thing that sucks and besides
that it's like it's very tight space and
a lot of people smell here so it stings
the nostrils let's just say family
eating healthy okay I take back what I
said this place doesn't smell bad it
just smells like sick in the Nordstrom
perfume section yes on crack samples
samples free samples for days both in
color one and perfume I can't start it
from him too
that should seize one of the victims
Broly talking about I never speak let's
just say staff only this is a bleacher
report hoodie
yeah bleacher report they gave you one
too but you left the chair reporter this
is its back of the hoodie sick wait hold
on it has all the dates that shoes came
out
shoutout to bleacher report for the love
right the bumper balls in them why you
never had white posing for the winter
catalog travels but you ready the same
shoes you've been waiting for a week now
you have been rocky non-stop he booed
the zippers closed so he can't take away
Obama time yards bova time perfect
hunting games so I can go to sleep Los
Angeles
I started a blog my blog bro please what
I mean is like come on oh where did you
guys come from
I can't party too hard
excuse me man
all right guys so I'm running late I'm
going to a Jordan Brand event today and
since I'm going to a Jordan Brand event
you know it's very hard to decide what
sneaker to wear because you want to
impress you know I'm saying but not you
know don't kill them too much so I
decided to probably bust these out
because I'm pretty sure I'll be the only
person at the event with these on so
let's have some fun
you know it gets so dark out here and
it's only five o'clock and this daylight
savings is messing everything up man
damn I just dropped my key so I'm headed
to this Jordan event right now and it is
a private Jordan event and I'm not even
allowed to post this video till Tuesday
so basically what you guys are gonna see
in today's vlog has been super short
because I've spent most of the day at
home just taking care of emails and
stuff like I've been doing for the past
week or so there's been like a lot of
at-home stuff going on so I was like run
out of stuff to vlog so that's why they
were kind of making fun of me and
yesterday it's part of the vlog saying I
need content so it was just a little bit
of a youtube fun but at this event that
I'm going to which I can't talk about
I'm gonna be able to release that
content on Tuesday so Tuesday's vlog
will be from this event so I'm probably
gonna check out right now I will see you
guys after the event and I'll give you
guys kind of like a recap and we can
have a little talk at the end of this
vlog so we're gonna end it right now
okay so obviously I am done and I left
the Jordan event but all I want to say
is that I am so happy and I cannot thank
Jordan Brand enough for inviting me and
having me be a part of this this was
honestly amazing and this was one of my
goals is to be invited to things like
this I've been invited to other sneaker
events but it wasn't like the whole
media thing where you get to see
products and things like that it was
just like social things and this is
exactly what I was aiming for and I got
crazy good content I can't wait for you
guys to watch the vlog on Tuesday
because it is gonna be dope as hell so
on top of that there's gonna be a crazy
unboxing on crew kicks this week because
I found out I'm getting a crazy package
so I'm just super excited man on top of
that to the pre-orders just closed for
the for the Space Jam inspired
collection 39 minutes ago so I just want
to say like honestly from the bottom of
my heart thank you guys man you guys
honestly seeing so many people want to
support the crew and and want to rep the
crew is it's motivating to me and it
pushes me every single day and to see
all the orders that came in is just like
people around the world who want to rep
something I built all the hours I put in
all the not the late nights staying up
in and grinding out and just
consistently uploading vlogs and never
giving up it was all worth it man it
literally was all worth it man
it's a blessing man I can't thank you
guys enough so for everyone who
purchased something or for anyone who
haven't even looked at the website thank
you guys man thank you guys on the
bottom of my heart you guys don't know
how much it means to me I honestly love
you guys I have frickin supporters who
like who who rep this shit harder than I
do which is freaking amazing since I saw
all the support I kind of like talked to
myself on my yoke your crew is reppin
for you hard and you have
a main channel skit or anything and I'm
just like you know what we have to bang
out sneaker head to be like part six so
I'm gonna try I'm gonna start filming
sneaker head to be like part six this
week I'm gonna fly back home to the bay
this week so I can even film with the
Bay Area crew and we're gonna just bang
that video out for you guys I'm gonna
try my hardest to get it out and filmed
and done and edited by hopefully by
Thanksgiving weekend so hopefully things
giving week and I think that's the
weekend that I'm gonna aim for to
release it I've been tired baby but I'm
still working and I'm still gonna grind
out and you guys will see we're gonna
take advantage of all the days left in
2016 because 2016 was the best year of
my life I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna
end it right you know what I'm saying so
I'm just so juice right now I'm geeked I
hope everybody else is juiced is me
everybody should have a smile on their
face big is mine right now
