I can't do this anymore guys like
literally every time I leave town which
has literally been like every weekend
for some reason my apartment just ends
up getting messy I have a shopping
addiction like I buy too many clothes I
buy too many sneakers I'm running out of
room my apartment is only 700 square
feet which reminds me that my lease is
actually up in three months I can't
believe it's been a year since I moved
into this place yeah we just got back
from the Bay Area yesterday I was there
for about a few days just to see like
family go to the Warriors game flashback
to the Warriors game right now
alright guys it is currently Christmas
Day so shout out to everybody
celebrating Christmas around the world
and we're celebrating this day of
everything being closed by going to the
Warriors game so as you guys remember
the Warriors beat the Cavs last year in
the NBA Finals which usually sets up a
Christmas Day matchup of the two NBA
final teams as their first meet up is
usually on Christmas you know we got to
give a huge thank you to my people over
at C geek for sending us to this you
guys know I always rock with C geek for
sending me to all the games and events
and stuff like that and last time for
the Kobe retirement game I said that it
was the best marketplace for sneakers I
don't know where my head was at but
obviously C geek does not sell sneakers
they sell tickets to events so this is
the best market place for tickets any
tickets and shout out to all you guys
because I see you guys using my promo
code kites and tweeting me that you got
$20 off your tickets so yeah that's
pretty dope but unfortunately one thing
that we do have to do right now is pay
for our damn parking cuz it's like 40
bucks just to park here so forty dollar
challenge okay thank you
hi guys not much to see here Warriors
just got the W we got the confetti
falling from the sky play I show the
shirt we got we got some cig shirt
and what is this together on my
off-white
yeah and that was the Warriors game but
now we're back here at the apartment and
guys like I was saying like my apartment
is getting overflown with sneakers and
in clothing and and just stuff and whose
fault is that it's my fault I take full
responsibility of my shopping addiction
but I like I don't even have anymore
room for these sneakers by the way I
picked these up you probably saw me wear
these on the intro for the game thinking
but anyway there's too much fighter
dropping like bruh the blue Gatorade
like come on so this is what I'm doing
right now is right now I'm literally
going through everything from clothes to
sneakers and since it's the end of the
year 2018 obviously it's like it's like
a restart for a lot of people you know
the gym starts you for some people not
me maybe for me we don't know yet for me
in 2018 I want to slow down my spending
habits and focus more on saving for the
future you know buying my house getting
my dream car you know planning our dream
wedding like 2018 is gonna be the year
of me making all my dreams come true
that is what the theme is for my 2018 so
most of today will be spent like
cleaning I already got a whole bunch of
clothes that I'm gonna just donate to
charity even some of my own merch is in
there and speaking of merch so as you
guys know me and the homie blazing dairy
basically we did a collab in New York we
did this camel blazing crew hoodie very
very simple but we want to give an
opportunity for the rest of the world to
buy the blazing crew collab so we're
dropping four items of merch this
Thursday on delays in crew Co but it's
not the camel hoodie we've got a gray
hoodie we've got a black and yellow
hoodie we've got a black and blue
t-shirt and we've got a red and white
t-shirt now all these items are very
very dope they're very similar but
here's the significance of like the
design behind it obviously you got the
blazing crude logo and why is we're
blazing dairy was born CA is where I was
born California Florida is where me and
him met about two years ago at the first
ever sneaker con that I did with crap
protect I actually met him there he was
in my vlog which is actually kind of
funny because
he was technically the first ever like
youtuber from the sneaker slash fashion
world that I ever met before like Tony
and Bolin all those guys okay so yeah
the merch is cool but here's the best
part everybody who buys something from
the online order whether you buy a shirt
whether you buy a hoodie every single
order gets you entered into the biggest
giveaway that we have ever done 30
people who order will win the collab
hoodie from sneaker con New York the
camel 110 winners will receive a
FaceTime call or a Skype from me and
blazing dairy to get goddamnit from me
and blazing dairy together so when me
and blaze our abilities in there you are
together we will literally pick ten
people who ordered stuff and call you
guys from the phone numbers you guys
leave but here's the grand grand prize
now we both have already announced this
but I'm gonna explain it to you guys
fully so you know the grand prize winner
will get a free trip to the Bay Area on
March 31st to come to sneaker con
flights
Hotel free VIP tickets to sneak a con
for free and they can bring someone with
them so there will be one winner and
then let's say like somebody young wins
they can bring their parent with them if
you're a little bit older you can bring
your friend with you you can bring your
sister you can bring your brother you
can bring anyone you want so we'll get
two free flights a hotel and you get two
VIP tickets this sneaker con where
you'll be able to hang out with me and
blazing dairy we'll give you guys some
free merch you'll sit courtside for the
hoops classic you'll get to meet all the
other sneaker youtubers it's gonna be
dope make sure you guys copy your merch
because you never know who's gonna win
it's it's it's a worldwide shipping
anywhere in this world yeah I know that
was a lot of talking and now I'm gonna
finish cleaning up all this stuff and
going through all my clothes and things
like that but obviously the title of
this vlog is a little bit different and
you're probably wondering case you just
said you're not going to anymore sneaker
cons but then you just announced that
you're gonna be flying someone to sneak
a conve area to hang out with you so how
does that work well I gotta explain
something to you
you see the past two years I've made
sneaker con my main priority which has
caused me to miss out on a lot of like
family functions weddings you know
birthdays other stuff like every time
Mina gets time off of work she actually
works in 9:00 to 5:00 every time she
gets time off of work it doesn't go to
her having days off to relax it goes to
coming to a sneaker con and working for
me and selling merch and stuff like that
like I have to put like my future and my
family before that type of stuff we're
getting married we're gonna buy a house
like there's gonna be a lot of big steps
like I said and you know as much as I
love coming to sneaker cons and meeting
all you guys and just have being part of
that culture it's like I need to focus
on other stuff for my personal life
outside of YouTube if that makes sense
you know a lot of people think that when
something ends it's because something
bad happened like for instance like I'm
not doing sneaker cons anymore because I
had a problem with the sneaker con team
or I'm not happy or something like that
that's not the case at all I'm very
happy my sneaker con run was two years
straight no missed sneaker cons I'm
still gonna be working with the sneaker
con team to create dope stuff for
sneaker con but I just won't be going to
all of them originally I didn't want to
do any at all I just said 2018 I'm done
like I just wanna you know not travel as
much just focus on my thing my content
my family like I said all that stuff but
there's some big big base nikka cons
next year and the first one of the year
is obviously sneaker con Bay area which
is in three months from now which is in
March and Bay Area is my home that
that's where I was born and raised
that's where I lived for most of my life
and if I'm gonna leave sneaker con I
can't leave and not do Bay Area the next
sneaker con so after thinking about it
and then talking to blazon dairy with
this online drop we have I was like what
a better opportunity than to just do Bay
Area and go all out it's my hometown and
everytime silicon is in the bay there's
so many sneaker heads there there's the
culture in the Bay Area is it's not as
big as like New York and LA but feel
like it's it's real like it's it's more
real than than than any other place like
I don't know how to explain it but
there's like like a lot of my memories
from camping out from shoes to you know
hanging out with my friends and talking
about shoes and all that stuff just it
was in the Bay Area and I have so much
love for the culture in the Bay Area
when it comes to sneakers and there's no
way I can miss sneaker Conn Bay Area
like I said I'm not gonna be doing all
the sneaker cons next year I probably
won't be doing most of them but I will
be doing a very very select few some
people are probably saying like oh
you're making it such a big deal blah
blah blah but well this is my channel
this is me talking to you guys and
telling you guys what's going on in my
head and with my life a lot of people
asked if you look at the last vlog or
the vlog from New York or the mini movie
from New York a lot of the questions
were why is he done with
cook on what why is he not doing anymore
sneaker cons and here is your answer so
there's that there it is that's pretty
much what's going on with my life other
than that you know these are fire by the
way I'm really really happy I got these
this is I know what you're thinking wow
the last two three videos were bangers
and then you hit us with this wack video
of you and your apartment your content
is so so repetitive there comes a
balance when it comes to my YouTube
career there's some times when I'm gonna
put out bangers and then there's some
times when I'm just gonna put out normal
videos of what's going on in my life
while I'm in my apartment you know I'm
saying I'm only here for three more
months four more months okay let me
enjoy my mancave before it's taken away
from me
you
