pre-order is available now for the dream
cruise Space Jam
inspired collection dream crew comm you
only have today and tomorrow November
12th and 13th are the only days you can
buy this merchandise first time ever we
are doing world wide shipping Thank You
ahead of time I love you guys enjoy
today's vlog dream crew comm link is in
the bio
office I feel like I'm losing myself I'm
going old I need some help I got too
much pride in more pain than I ever felt
lately it's been hard to think about
what's next I'm too focused on the past
it makes everything a blur I gotta
sharpen the image cause it's fucking up
my visit making decisions without
searching for words missing yeah people
give advice but they don't know how to
listen yeah people say they're free but
they pay rent to live in prison alright
guys so I can talk now
anyway you already know where we are
we're at Mac Park Luke and the five
pillar teams are shooting a little
segment with red bull for red booty
cover my lot to say what it's for
I don't know if I was supposed to say
what it was for but let's just add
inside any contracts
just lost five dollars for them sorry
bro
that's far money aside don't throw me
aside don't give up on me
are you kite oh yes
all right guys we're Kostya showed up on
time I like to New York book Thank You
Denis Oh Flo why did you let go I drove
half an hour to sit on the bench all
right should I know nothing about Daniel
Chevy's yeah bzees on them and then
these are under these these haven't come
an offense to collapse shit if I don't
remember right now I'm gonna get flamed
you're on camera there's a cloud wood
I'm gonna be such a high piece if I
don't know that she'll cry I can't think
I know it I just can't think of the name
zippy golf I know what the fuck why did
I have pink damn like the doll there's
no pink on the no nothing I mean this
you toq damn I hopped no let me look at
the logo
chata - I'm Jarrett lanten shoutout to
Kody Lynn shut up shut up to him right
here support the homie right you go
homie yeah you guys do you know how to
do the juju on the beef yeah I'm not
gonna put your vlog in unless you do it
that was good that was good
okay I still haven't figured out it says
it right here Packer there we go
Packer respect her God knows Packers
shoes I think they're dope though let's
just say shoutout to un in Vegas I went
to Vegas yesterday for 24 hours not even
pitch cylinder yeah it's still new we
out show mother what did you just buy
fan bought this from the office a little
Bugs Bunny can anybody guess how much
this is worth
comment down below I want to get stuff
like that for when I get my own
apartment let's just say family if you
watch the tour vlogs you know GM tour
life yeah I missed the tour life is
hectic boss fun just idle just hectic oh
no the tour chain when you around
Sneaky's he turned into a sneakerhead
before ah add a couple of pair of shoes
nah nah not easy I could do that
trouble in paradise fan who you oh you
catching the vibes bro is in cuff you
check season or is it cuddle season it's
not cuddle season yaaaa
it's pre season for cook your Trixie's
right it's pre cuffing season right now
so it's scouting season right now
scouting is almost done now they're in
the there's a selection process right
now okay are not for me in general
people do so always they are driving the
camera turns only take not being shit
dude just yelling at all the workers and
shit I was not yelling I don't yell oh
yeah right the person who's buying these
it's coming to mag right now right he's
on the way to mag right now
we're gonna send that person a picture
of me with helices if I'm buying it
while they're on the way to buy it so
they get pissed off like what I'm
driving all the way over here to get it
so put hell of money and then like the
supreme brick that kind of using that
for trade we just gonna take a sticker
this is a photo here we just said hey we
decide we put the brick as trade bait
buy that for the office at least I'm
making how much for the brick
let's do that a hundred bucks did you
bring that back from the sneaker Conor I
heard about your shooting no all the
bricks you had Oh can't reuse other
people's jokes fan the high piece brick
that's you alright guys so I was gonna
wait until the person buying the
undefeated for was arriving but he's
taking too long and I need to go edit
and upload my vlog it's already sun's
already down it's already late in the
day I you usually don't post this late
for crew TV at least so I'm gonna head
home now we're like three hours away
until the drop of the Space Jam online
collection so I'm like I'm nervous about
it and I'm excited about it so let's go
man Friday traffic here we come all
right guys we are the crew for our cakes
is here what's about to happen gee the
Space Jam hoodie and all the merchandise
about a job actually you know what let's
check the time now 1201 Alex 1201 which
means it dropped here is the website
let's see right so
let's all it's live bro it's live
where's the other hat one hat is missing
but let's just say oh you can select
your color right here never mind we got
it white black quality ad card hoodie
all that stuff extra small to double XL
all of a sudden and then the mesh shorts
pocket with pockets yes small to double
XL so yeah these are pre-order that
means everybody who wants one will be
able to get one
I'm gonna check Twitter to see who who's
picking them up and who's tweeting them
to me but it's only available for 48
hours so Saturday and Sunday and yeah so
what is it gonna say oh yeah shipping is
worldwide pride kicks muscat resells huh
Oh guys so that's currently 1221 a.m.
and I just got back from hanging out
cannot wait for you guys to get your
stuff so you can start rocking it around
the world I didn't say that the price of
the hoodies it was going to be $50 and
relisted am at $60 so a lot of people
were complaining they're like oh you
said 50 bucks you said 50 bucks why is
it 60 bucks um that was our mistake and
I just want to apologize and in order to
make up for that anybody who orders a
hoodie will get a free gift and it's not
going to be just stickers it's going to
be an actual free gift that you can wear
or use it's going to be something dope
so that's it man I'm out of here
thank you guys for watching appreciate
them loves everything I gotta sharpen
the image cuz it's fucking up my visit
making decisions without searching for
what's missing
yeah people give advice but they don't
know how to listen yeah
