if you watch this at his vlog you
probably have an idea that I was gonna
do something weird today one thing what
one thing I used to do all the time when
I was younger was camp out for shoes
overnight people never understood why we
did it they were just tennis shoes to
people my dad didn't even understand it
but thankfully he was still down to go
camp out with me but these days it's a
little bit different there is really no
more camp outs it's all like raffles are
getting lucky online some people are not
about it and some people just don't like
doing spontaneous things like this but I
do because I like to tell stories with
my blogs and I just like to do things
that a normal person wouldn't do so
today I'm going on a 4-hour Drive follow
me and let's see where I go I'm almost
100% sure I'm not going to be spending
the night here in Vegas it really just
depends on how tired I am tonight but
I'm gonna try to take a little nap later
on in the day in my car which I'm
totally fine with man sometimes you just
got to grind out my first stop is the
Caesar Palace mall because I didn't
bring my laptop charger I just spent the
last 45 minutes editing my vlog from
yesterday so I need to find Wi-Fi too
because the Wi-Fi here sucks and I don't
want to wait an hour for it to upload
you know what's funny is every single
Nike these days it's exactly the same in
each city and I still go to him
so knowing is hell
to be honest with you guys I'm not a big
fan of what Nike has been doing recently
I feel like after the Kobe a there
hasn't really been anything I've been
really excited about Jordan brands have
been killing it but Nike I just accept
I'm not I'm not interested anymore I
don't know what it is like the KDS were
dope that new cadiz were dopa for
basketball but other than that like
there's there's there's no hype with
that hype there's no fun as some of you
guys may know urban necessities here in
Vegas was the first ever sneaker store
to add sneakers in the keymaster the
homie JC
you know he's always doing crazy things
he's always envisioning crazy ideas and
making them come to life you know one
thing he did a few weeks ago is he put a
very valuable sneaker in that keymaster
and that is the M&M Jordan 4 and that's
one of the reasons why I came here is
because I want to try to win that thing
that's like a 15 to 20 thousand dollar
sneaker I don't even know what I'm gonna
do with it I don't know if it's my size
but we're gonna try our luck that's out
so fun by the way if you're v to fit
small take the insole out
when you can't keep up
looked at the receipt all this I
bought it babe what are these this is a
pape coaches jacket
New York tickets right New York pickups
he's our invoicing me for the red one
because I had set it aside and they
forgot to ring me up I think it's safe
to say I went apeshit New York look at
this 2016 space jams these ain't even
out yet family all of a sudden think is
this consignment or snores that four key
masters two of them are a dollar and two
of them are $5 so last time I went to
dollar one
this is my last 20 I stopped going for
the M&M I just feel like that ones
it's bad luck
taking an L with the keymaster today you
don't always win you know I'm saying I
drove out here I wanted to get that M&M
but it just didn't feel like I did I
didn't feel the vibe of it so I tried
all four machines sometimes you take
else I only spent I think I spent 40
bucks on the mmm
I spent the other 160 bucks on just
random ones now I got a few shoes that
I'm looking to get rid of as you guys
know plumb down my collection a little
bit so I got a few pairs that I'm trying
to shut down
this was originally not planned but we
said why not since I'm out here first of
all this is amazing
this crib is beautiful though you got a
beautiful crib yeah man and so I feel
really lucky that I get to come home
everyday to this it's preview hard work
pays off man we're going to be doing a
collection video first of all this is
not even his issues is over here but
we're gonna do a collection video I'm
not going to talk too much about it you
guys can go to crew cakes it will be all
crew kicks probably today or tomorrow so
I'm going to waste no more time and
we're going to start filming that so my
worn pair is very very feet I'm happy I
got these in the collection these are
pretty dumb probably right is tomorrow
Beatles these are quickly turning into a
beater purveyed I love
shoutout to JC for letting me come over
and film that video dude we made a
banger it's gonna be on cool cakes
probably today or tomorrow like I said I
had no plans to meet up with anybody
here in Vegas but I don't know how this
happened this is the weirdest and
randomest thing
my brother-in-law sent me a snap he's
like hey are you in Vegas and I was like
yeah and he's like oh are you staying
with your mom and I'm like what and he's
like yeah your mom and your grandma and
your aunt are there so my mom my grandma
my aunt are having a vacation in Vegas
and I didn't even know about it
so I'm gonna go find them right now
okay Paris
I came here I want to see you I'm so
happy I miss you I miss you so much it's
like we finna go sneaker shopping hear
me we go buy shoes food ya know sneaker
shop we seat you shopping with my
grandma it's currently 10:20 and I just
left like 10-15 minutes ago and honestly
I feel fine I'm not tired at all if I do
feel tired I'll pull over and God's with
sunflower seeds because that keeps me
awake I need to get gas anyway was it
worth it that's the question a lot of
people in the comments I already know it
are going to be like you're such a idiot
you wasted a whole day you drove all the
way to Vegas that mess around and blah
blah blah blah blah why not why not be
spontaneous why not go out there and
just try something you know what I'm
saying I came out here to try to win
that keymaster and win that expensive
ass mmm
it didn't happen I controlled myself
only spend $200 that's a lot of money
yeah but it's not like overboard it
wasn't like 800 to a thousand dollars
you know what I'm saying me I think it's
a W I came out with a fun trip I got to
see my mom my grandma my aunt I got to
film a dope-ass video with JC and also
hang out with him in the UN family and
just talk about different things and
since it's Friday for you guys that
means that tonight at midnight is the
official drop of the Space Jam inspired
collection so tonight at midnight the
pre-orders open up so make sure you guys
get your orders in before the 48 hours
is up I'm so excited for it like I'm so
literally so damn excited for it just
ahead of time Thank You Man thank you to
everybody who wants to rap the crew
thank you to everybody who appreciates
that
it understands that it's not just a copy
or a ripoff it's inspired by Space Jam
it's the anniversary of Space Jam the
Space Jam Elevens are coming out do you
not some people just don't they don't
understand it there's just so negative
in life that all they say is you copied
oh that's a ripoff that's such a cheap
rip like they don't get the vibe around
it you know what I'm saying
and I appreciate everybody that gets the
bot positive energy is only going to get
you up it's only going to take you up in
life that's it for today's vlog
motivation a little bit of motivation on
Friday
have a great weekend pre-orders this
weekend tonight at midnight cop you're I
love you guys I'm out of here
four-hour drive home
