oh good morning everybody it is
currently 11 a.m. or like 10:40 a.m.
I've been up since 9:00 a.m. I went for
a run and I went for a run to the Grove
where I got some breakfast some eggs
water a little bit of toast not too much
because I don't want to have too much
bread because you know I'm on my diet
now but it feels good to be back in LA
and be able to get on the ground running
in the morning I'm gonna try to do this
everyday I can not every day I can every
day I've forced myself to so today's
gonna be a dope day and I'm letting the
camera fall on its own
every time I come back home after a trip
I always get overwhelmed with all the
stuff that I avoided on the trip emails
and text messages and all that bullsh
the only difference today is that we
have a new president and whether you're
happy or whether you're mad about this
new president which I will never mention
his name you have to keep pushing and
just keep living your life continue
doing what you're doing don't let any of
that affect you and if it does affect
you somehow someway you can't be scared
man never be scared even if even if you
have a reason to be scared don't let him
show that you're scared you know I'm
saying hopefully nothing changes but I
mean I'm not an expert in this category
of politics and all that bullsh I don't
talk about it I don't mention it and I
never will so I'm just gonna keep doing
what I do which is create great content
for the subscribers who watch me but
that being said we are 15,000
subscribers away from half a million on
this channel which is just amazing but
one of the main things that I'm going to
be talking about for the next few days
is the release of the Space Jam inspired
collection the dream crew hoodies all of
a sudden on the sleeves the shorts the
mesh shorts dream coup on one side all
of a sudden on the other side the black
embroidered hat look at that embroidered
you see how sexy that is I know it's
kind of dirty I've been wearing this a
lot and my favorite the white hat
embroidered again all four of those
items will be available on dream true
calm this weekend for only 48 hours that
means everybody who wants one will be
able to get it but you only have 48
hours to do so because after 48 hours
we're never releasing these again and
for the first time ever which I'm really
excited about we are having
international shipping that means
anywhere in the world you can order this
product and we will ship it to you I've
got a few things to take care of before
I head out of here I have to actually go
buy a pair of space gems because we're
gonna be doing a photo shoot for the
products today then uh yeah I don't know
what else is gonna happen
all right guys so I'm on Melrose I'm
waiting for the cost she's supposed to
be here I don't know where he's at
cos is back you miss New York are you
happy to be back in LA
yeah the New York weather was amazing
yeah back to the grind back to working
what's the next move god knows anyway
we're on Melrose because we're looking
for this little store that sells those
electronic bites that Adam had and I
want to get one because I feel like Oh
butyl aha would be very convenient out
here that late so the reason why I'm
using my GoPro for today's vlog is
because I brought my main camera and
it's in my backpack but I left the
freaking battery on charge so yeah so
I'm just carrying dead weight now all
right guys we've got space camps these
are actually not part of Mac parks that
I didn't know that I thought it was Mac
parks but these are parents from Mac
parks so shout out to Erin for letting
me borrow these for the shoot because I
don't have the new pair and I don't have
an old pair but I will have the new pair
soon let's just say it's coming out
you check the peel box yeah today
yesterday hey where's the bullet
oh are you wearing one of each yeah the
weather right yeah really all here this
one is from D Ticknor somebody sent me a
bottle of crud protect guys ABS I'm a
brand ambassador I have tons of cup
protect but thank you it's empty though
you know
yeah from Riley shout out to Riley sent
me this ez 750 drawing this is Brian ray
sent me a batman box opener okay no more
box opener guys i have too many box
openers i like this one a lot of toys to
have this I think I lost it did my old
car my Corolla she actually spelled it
out so that I can say it right mode have
all za version yeah shit man
now too many people are sending me box
opener this one's from Michael King Oh
see this about that one I got another
Batman one barek a picture of me and him
a sneaker life I don't know if these are
stickers I want but this is Mike's
Mike's channel I sneaker life so he sent
me a whole bunch of these that's it for
crew mail hope you guys enjoy I got some
new box openers don't send it anymore
please mister continue Wow
alright guys so Justin's gonna be taking
some pics for me today I haven't seen
him in a minute it's been a minute right
yeah when here's the last time you first
move into your place when we came to
visit yeah that was like before Atlanta
because I know we went to go faster
yeah that's a couple months ago but he
went to the continent can't say for me
and he got me submerged
ah thank you brother appreciate ya no I
didn't get any for myself yeah because I
thought I think wasn't gonna go in the
first place but yeah Justin and it's
time to do the photo shoot that the
Space Jam to do this beautiful alright
guys so we're here at the park at the
basketball courts since it is a Space
Jam inspired theme it's only right that
we come to somewhere with the basketball
courts but fire cakes forgot the ball
alright
I didn't forget we just have riding the
Bluebird I brought it I said I can't
believe it uber like three blocks away
we would have been breaking sweats right
now man it's hot out here in Los Angeles
the topic of today's vlog is weather
because freaking I've been complaining
about the hot weather all day
oh that was quick gray yeah that's real
quick I think to be being that up seven
minutes
honestly seven minutes probably again
for IKEA with one white but don't you do
that it was an NFL punter no no I have
like this is just today like I always
were the white ones and today all day I
don't know if I should wear white or
black that's the name she was the
different color so the shoots all done
shoutout to Justin for taking dope past
pictures comments taking some pictures
right now so in the meantime this baby's
coming out
okay this is the hustle right now we're
doing the pictures right now at that
lovely blue preview Oh somebody has no
way to show the camera
see you guys so okay so hold on this
down look at that that's me hitting the
whip so I don't know if you guys saw but
during the game okay there was a there's
a time when I got fouled and I fell to
the ground and I fell on my tailbone and
I really got hurt but then I realized
hey Cleo this is the perfect opportunity
so instead of grabbing my tailbone
I grabbed my wrist and I acted like my
wrist was hurt and my teammates came
didn't know what's going on my teammates
came and they gathered around me I said
I'm good I'm good I got up slowly and I
grabbed my wrist and I went like this
and then I was like yeah
manual
and yeah it was hilarious but it was
like I don't know I had that plan from
beginning of the game and I was happy I
had the opportunity to do it but
somebody snapped the dopest picture so
shout out to that guy alright guys so
after this shoot we are going to the
Grove to walk around a little bit justin
is actually gonna he's interested in
buying some shoes today yeah I gotta go
his shoes but tight I don't even think
about how well what are you looking for
running shoes I'm looking for casual
shoes casual shoes alright guys so Nike
was not the move for this man sneaker
collection so we're gonna check out
Nordstrom because they have everything
from adidas to because they only have it
at Nike Santa Monica and then they only
have there's something here that they
don't have there I forget but there's
the cyber beats yeah I think it started
yeah you're right it's only soccer for
anybody who's wondering what Justin uses
for a tripod anything in sight alright
guys so I just posted the first picture
of the merch and everybody was saying
well not everybody but a lot of the
comments are saying oh the hoodies dope
but you killed it with the riding on the
sleeve here's what I gotta say about
that is I loved the riding on the sleeve
if you guys pay attention to a lot of
Kanye merch as well as the Justin Bieber
if you're a god merch riding on the
sleeves is trending right now and I
personally like it better than the front
in the back design because when you're
taking a picture from the front you get
to see just loudness like look at my
front shirt look at the sleeves but when
you have something on the front and back
it's like it limits you to like I have
to take it back
picture I gotta take a front picture but
on top of that it just looks dope like
having print all over this sweater is
dope to me it reminds me of like a
NASCAR like a NASCAR fit like the one
piece fits where there's like logos all
over the thing so I personally like it I
love it I'm not gonna change anything
about it because I designed it so for
all the people who don't understand the
writing on the sleeves I'm sorry but
that's how it's going to be
and hopefully you guys still supported
and pick it up in order to preorder it
and yeah man this Saturday and Sunday
available for 48 hours baby alright so
we stopped in for some Bowl but in the
night I've been eating healthy I had
subway this morning for breakfast had
eggs and a little bit of toast and I
also went on a run so your boys
improving I've been wanting to do
something for a couple weeks now and I
think tomorrow is like my only free day
where I can do it so I might be going on
a crazy ass mission tomorrow
there we go all right guys so in my
opinion we had a super productive day we
got the photo shoot for the done what
like I said before I left in New York I
wanna get rid of a few pairs of sneakers
in my collection because I feel like I
have to money like I don't even have
time to wear some of these sneakers I'm
gonna actually narrow them down right
now maybe try to get rid of 10 to 15 at
the moment I kind of been wanting to do
something spontaneous recently it's not
spontaneous but it's just something that
you don't do normally but you'll find
out in the morning whether I do it or
not but at the moment right now we are
gonna do it so it's currently 11:30 p.m.
if we do do it you will find out
tomorrow or you'll find out today
depending if you follow me on snapchat
or not so thank you guys for watching
today's vlog because I know it wasn't
the best or longest but you still came
and you still join me for today's
adventure shout out to the dude that
gave me this at New York sneaker con
Seth Rollins signed photo from
WrestleMania when he cashed in his Money
in the Bank guess who was there I was
there that's Tobi's hell thank you guys
money
