what's going on guys so to start things
off I want to say that today is our last
day here in New York City we leave
tonight to Mill Street I'm going to sit
on that couch so random
yeah Yama swag in watch she left last
night it's just us for left so we're
just walking around trying to grab some
food taking advantage of the day and
let's just enjoy this beautiful city
before we have the head back to another
beautiful city Los Angeles pre-ordered
this weekend dream crew Space Jam
inspired hoodies you already know all of
a sudden Pat what's your overall review
of this weekend as well as the game
this weekend was amazing I think New
York was a typing at the best sneaker
car I went to just people I was around
and then fireman this is an amazing
weekend I love how you feel after the
game
very sore very very soon so that's all I
can say right
how's that - here take a humble way
through this I did use yeah like this
one company that's really like 600 this
is like a special edition or something
I guess we are my favorite Adidas store
in the world in Soho I love this
placement they always show love they got
dope stuff they got dope collabs that
you can only get here Slim's with us was
good to me yeah whatever I don't know
man she's like that yesterday but you
know some stuff we still women winning
in life though yeah yesterday
oh yeah shoutout to Benjamin cakes you
know it's good to a when you can see it
back before Adam came through yeah I'm
good sup and he's rockin Easy's - no
I'll just wore it cuz like when I see
cottage sneakers Master Chien who's like
come on flip-flops or boots but I gotta
try to impress price you know I
appreciate it you know it doesn't go
unnoticed and we go to uh let's go to
Stadium Goods first something it's like
it's got where it's right there the only
person that didn't show up in Easy's
they're putting me on the spot
coby's loose tonight snow right it's not
nice I'll let you hang fam we won't kick
you out the cruiser and wandering on
this alright guys we're all going to
like you 121 Mercer right now but we all
got indeed it so we feel unwelcome we
already feel unwelcome
I guess this is Mercer right here in
Soho this is where our pop-up shop was
and we had the line wrapped around the
block
Adam was in here for the pop-up okay on
the stadium goes over here yeah I
remember I vomited swappers yeah yeah
you came lady I saw that look Louisa
sneak it yeah
I mean they're cool just depends on the
color just a me man the taciturn man
cause anything of a New York man so I
gotta say also all of a sudden fan oh
yeah bro that's - mm that's 23,000 all
right guys so they're saying Eminem's
are only are they are they are they a
minute you got a good idea thank you
that's the wrong promise that's wrong -
fire takes place two thousand three
hundred dollars you yeah what the hell
is they self away more guys there's a
lot of stuff in here right now that I've
never seen before like these LeBrons
right here which I think are his high
school colors right here check this out
all I heard was the fun I don't like the
run I think they already know that okay
so you want about at brick $100 for
supreme break you know why cause that's
all you're shooting yesterday I'm
believing guys are gonna go catch my
flight
I'm out here
oh yeah hi guys so we're still walking
around on Soho I didn't buy any shoes
because I'm already leaving with tons of
shoes so my bags are packed look at
those three of those four vans
I think someone important we should have
had one of those for the tour
hahaha those band right there
more four we should have had four
sprinters separate or one for five
pillars one from a mood brothers one for
me and then one for you yo look at this
this right here is a new Nike store that
opens this week I don't know when it
opens but I just read about it new Nike
store in SoHo
which is crazy but from what I hear
they're gonna have like bread ones
shattered backboards 7210 11s
Cement fours a whole bunch of other
stuff but if you're in New York I'm
going to be I'm leaving tonight
obviously so I can't go but if you're in
New York that Nike is opening this week
so I would keep an eye out
stockin girl the way Brett try these on
well what you selling me algebra so like
the most comfortable she receive this
message okay so you know boss I never
tried a mother look bro it's no
comfortable the easy and then Michelle's
cutout is mine oh this is a good time to
come on I like this little yeah thanks
oh yeah walk around in it watch this
what is the same nuclear boiling no no
it's nothing just walk around with it's
like a casual running food I think
everybody roasted me with the brick I
just funny supreme great adidas in New
York always comes through for me bruh I
was looking for these right here for a
minute and they have them here I got a
cop on too and they got the great joints
right here these are freakin sexy bro
we're going to tell us there is any
comment
you got talking anyway yeah yeah wasn't
that like two weeks ago yeah I gotta go
meet solid land desert was crazy about
this it was well well you gotta take us
on some of the adventures you came on
we're gonna have fun outside man no mate
don't prank me call me you're gonna
prank me bro don't prank me I'm the
biggest I'm the biggest scaredy-cat
sorry celebrity who comes I'm not gonna
open any sneaker box you give me because
I saw what you did to him what I'm not
gonna do that
especially surprise no no no all right
guys so what costs just left he probably
missed his flight because he was too
busy riding a freaking electronic bike
all over but anyway I'm convinced in
everybody to come to this sneaker shop
that also serves ice cream wait no you
want ice cream right now I feel like
dude I'm taking so many ELLs this
weekend okay retake I'm taking these
guys to a sneaker shop that serves
cereal no no cereal cereal just a few
cereal y'all it's one word cereal okay
they serve cereal eyes it's surreal
cereal cereal cereal cereal
it's called kid it's so dope I've heard
about it I've never been there
personally but I always see it
everywhere people which post that they
have it so i'ma hit up get with these
guys and we're gonna get some cereal
6:44 bro look Sakura Broadway bro all
right guys all my hopes and dreams I've
been crushed the stupid address that you
enter on the iPhone Maps for the stork
it takes you to Broadway but it takes
you like over there and it literally
says it's over there but Broadway is
really back in Soho where we were so we
could have went in Soho but it didn't
work so to anybody who works that kid or
know somebody that kiss please contact
Apple and get that fixed because your
boy just missed out on coming there
and having some damn cereal and now I'm
pissed off so now I don't know what I
want but I'm hungry now I'm pissed
all right guy yeah all right guys so
last few minutes out here in New York
City before we have to head to the
airport I was a great trip it was not a
rush trip there wasn't no hecticness
besides thinking on we got to enjoy the
city I don't know when I'll be back
yeah man great times great memories its
Empire State Building will have time to
have it on time bro my diet starts
tomorrow
as soon as as soon as I step foot in Los
Angeles
I will not drink soda I will not eat
junk food I will go on my diet I will be
in shape for this next sneaker called
hoops classic which is in a few months I
will prove my haters wrong sometimes
your own haters are in your own group
let's just say when you want when you
mow your own lawn lawn you see a lot of
snakes but let's just say fan pre-order
this Saturday Space Jam collection
to the ladies also she like yeah first
class enough for y'all to drop ice on me
I'm like good job dice I mean oh you can
tell these media personality policy
support of the mean how the way how your
see you soon as we can every tabloid
role and rakitin to buy two seats for
containing up to me stop my fat ass ass
gonna buy two seats maybe buy two seats
behind the scene crew y'all think
YouTube this is YouTube comments in real
life right my own squadra know what I'm
telling was right hey we're all the way
in the back to we ain't got no type of
upgrade family in economy before we cut
off the vlog and end the night because
we're gonna probably end it here because
we're landing at like 1 a.m. and I'm
probably gonna be too tired to vlog when
I get there Thank You New York City
thank you to sneak this sneaker contine
for throwing an amazing event a lot of
questions being asked about the Space
Jam hoodies and a dream crew Space Jam
hoodies the hats and the shorts they
wore they're not available right now
they're available this weekend for two
days Saturday Sunday on joon-kook coms
I suppose you see didn't doesn't need an
exit route to me button called a venom
is so nice and if I sleep okay in the
seat our pocket a safety thank you for
watching each thumbs up for New York
City what's next find out tomorrow
I
