siphoning is it on the white or is it
anything sodium before tea
yeah yeah
perfectly
are you coming to fill me or what my
brother we gotta tell it off is
everybody good
back up
thank you
with
Oh
like this morning like 7 a.m. yeah I was
confident to the panel shit yeah yeah
I've seen pictures shit I was trying to
find a video video
funny
set up check in with you in a minute
coach we're taking that W but happens
only cry trees only
I appreciate your took an absolute yes
sir
since I'm sorry
gamier he dropping finger power over me
who's first on the right here right here
all of a sudden family some yeah
break
we take in the WWE
alright guys sneaker conde to new york
city that's been hectic right now the
lines out of control but we're trying to
get as much stuff done before the game
starts so let's see how it goes Ben
hello I'm so sorry guys gonna owe you
more Hannah yeah this is my protected
gift
ain't no get no fouls
let's get this w baby just coming sir
spend a whole booth or when a half
crisis almost games I'm ready yeah I'm
ready bro we get W we done this w why is
your P weighing in shit fuck it why you
dress but yet a photoshoot
no this guy's mom what's up everybody
subscribe to my youtube channel sky so
more all right
yeah I'll be ready out here
what would the federal white
oh he's USA we do want to be tried wanna
be 80
to go
Oh
the undershirt the tides is that too
much it's just too much Adam look too
much camel like oh you're sure you like
the army bro look so probably good all
right give us on you just said
determination makes excellent
preparation accelerates it that's why
the best 100 of the game available and
hard because I'm recording large size 48
you go to UW homie bite he or short
almost the real deal you know I met them
sorry I like now does it say Kanye West
love like down you know say so I get
yeah
boy game time baby
just break a few legs not too many you
know
coming soon
where's our
guardian angel
let's change the image without their
he's right there he's right there what
wispy Stoa
again
little
you know trying to get back here like
good bro you know I'm saying game show
me good I'm making a team now that I
know about my going to t be on someone
talk I'm more confident now so it should
be
you lost here but you got man we got the
water because people don't know what
what the KDI ready for the cottage
industry without God I was going through
that all fibra a thrift I got the legend
blues
okay so I see put your wifey baby what
you know about wait oh yeah I got this
job but you got on back oh so right now
I'm gonna wear the crazy explosive
because my game is crazy explosive with
the dream crew now so we're going to be
a nightmare to the other team we're
gonna kill it let's get it are you
really playing those yeah brah this is I
think we got us we got the best kicks on
foot right now I win the kiddies just
like you got traded I got traded right
they don't matter
I'll ah forget you I've been playing the
same ones right here let's say brothers
unite what is Adam raw Adam what are you
rocking on court three threes its
Karthik I so we can occur three the hope
is I'll set me up here you know I only
give you the best offer like that
community like are we taking the W so
then what you got on feet hello I got
the KT nice you know Kai summer without
man you know changes giving everybody
can use get this w as though we go will
take
I didn't read my KDS but I told
everybody else so we're taking over
crisis love already now got the remote
right here are we gonna win today we
only take double use no Ellis Road did
you hear Kai says and score he's gone
did you hear that if Christ doesn't
score he's done he's he actually said
he's quitting
kai said he's quitting you to it if he
doesn't score out of your own crisis
last vlog I'm gonna be on your last vlog
I don't think you're gonna score I love
you buddy but I don't think you're gonna
score I've seen you play let's just say
and he beat me at least so you know he's
joining he can Easy's from me
he beat me in a two-on-two it Ahmed
anything I wet the board oh don't worry
say not knowing that because oh don't be
cramped though
I will see pussy go high feeling good
man
you know I'm dreaming right now you got
a Jame on your chest man it comes true
Hey
want to do we're going to the first half
let's just have fun
second half this ball goes to YouTube
because YouTube bought us all together
YouTube on three one two three
but up
get it let's go
I saw we can destroy cutter kicked some
ass
okay and we got this and I don't even
know what the other frickin team's name
is but I'm sorry
when your girls watching you you gotta
play like ten times harder that's what's
going to happen today the show get a
nice chill day yesterday I'm too crazy
so we should be ready you should be and
enjoy yourself stop your winning it for
yo everybody wants to know where did you
go about that actually from your mom are
you home on I know cuz I'm physical in
yours
yeah yeah
ah
yes I change the ins everybody
I'm coming all the way from Canada we
always keep it a home always human I
measure it all the way from the bay
swagga
and we got a high he's here all the way
from the bay area of the money
Pablo
get it baby w
Oh
and sure
yeah
rifle
people that I got on the scoreboard but
I'm not making my shots it's all good I
air ball the layup I'll admit it but I
was just excited in the moment I was
like shit that's happy and it's also the
second half as long as I win the game
you know I bought the boots on the
bottom is communication within the team
but
Hey
bet you fear
Oh
Oh
there are
ah
why
that creeps me baby
all right guys you got
you kind of got the waz scores I'll have
to quit I took it out I said you
wouldn't score
sorry buddy alright guys so oops classic
number two is done dream crew took an L
but it's all good we had a lot of fun
amazing turnout New York City main show
Mad Love yg West let's go talk to
we got the MVP
right
they got a shout-out to this guy but all
this putting this together you know hey
you know maybe they trade jerseys in
that he traded me y'all see that he
didn't show address okay but it was a
one year
next week on his coffee this late
but a couple threes a couple buckets but
you know we just got our boarding
hopefully next time Tiffany Marcel's
I got my eye on people but rather not
get my game plan
game is wrapped up these are losing
shoes so I'm not going to wear these
ever again imma give these to someone
I'm gonna give it to hold me that we
sold in Times Square and then he came
both days
40 million
Jonathan home alright guys so as you
guys could tell today's vlog was a
little bit different
it wasn't from my personal perspective
it was Farook following me around and
yama following me on around for the
beginning of the stinker khan event
thanks for being my cameraman fam thumbs
up like dumb guys
yeah let me know what you guys think of
that style maybe I'll try to do that for
other sneaker cons I'm packing up right
now I'll just give you guys a quick
glimpse of all my sneaker pick ups
that's it the rest you will see on
snupps
I can announce it right you should
announce it right we've actually been
working actually you guys it was toughie
okay I came up with the idea for this
like five six months ago and I told
Farooq and Farooq made the design happen
the logo happened and then I kind of
told them how I want the product and he
made it happen so thank you for for
making my vision come to life
okay back to what we were saying so
basically this Saturday and this Sunday
for 48 hours only two days that's it
we're going to be doing a pre-order for
this collection it's going to be a
sweater a pair of basketball shorts and
two hats and you guys have already seen
the hats cuz I haven't talked about it
but I've wore them oh yeah and it's
ships worldwide for the first time ever
so anybody overseas or wherever in the
world can get it so you're ready to show
this BAM
alright so you guys have seen me rock
this on my hats there's going to be a
white hat available a black hat
available the hoodie and all the sleeves
in big bold letters it says all of a
sudden all says all of a sudden Pham on
the sleeve so as you guys can see it's
not just the big logo on the front
there's details on the arms let's get
this print right here beautiful this is
not the damage on you or anything
took us six months recommenced
stress is shown and then ripping and
ripping good quality we made sure to
give the best quality and yeah man
that's the dream cruise phase GM
inspired line and why did we make this
because the space jams are coming out in
December if you preorder it let this
weekend we will have it before the shoes
come out right you'll have it by the
29th or 30th of November there you go
so you will be getting those so if you
want to get it as a Christmas gift for
someone if you want to just get it and
rock it with the Elevens or with any
Jordan it's gonna look sick even if it's
an on Jordan because this is obviously
not made by Jordan Brand or Nike or
anything it's made by us
so yeah the dream crew hoody space GM
inspired hoodies the hats and the shorts
which I actually have the shorts right
here - oh let's show on the shorts the
shorts are super simple - here's the
short ones that we are selling we'll
have pockets right yes sir
ok so as you guys can see super simple
mesh shorts it says the dream crew right
there and then on this one
it says all of a sudden fans yeah so
that's going to be available and your
voice changes when you're on camera what
do you mean yes sure was that
hello what do you mean what you talking
about would you hear yeah are you like
you're they had to give me 25 yeah
that's actually really yeah the hats are
gonna be 25 each the shorts are gonna be
25 35 yeah
and everybody's gonna be 50 notches oh
gee and then obviously if you do get
international shipping international
shipping or being if you caught one of
each thing you little something special
for you you get I Love New York shirt
now I know I need it I Love New York
hoodie um I get one of those I would
never wear that it's inherits inside
when after showing good
okay guys peace
you
