good morning as you know why I see a
tire
alright guys I am in the Empire State
Building right now doing a little photo
shoot with Jordan Brand I don't know if
I could tell you what is for but if I
can tell you what it's for and probably
not gonna crop this next part out it's
for the visits on oh it's my con good
guys take shots of kites one-time shops
are the crew shots everybody watching
this case is changing right now so I
just took his camera it's nice though
cannon a DD I save these guys
I don't know all right guys so we just
got to the location of the photo shoot
which is this which is this basketball
court oh my god the Sun is bright up
there with you flying a drone right now
I'm gonna fly mine in a minute - I'm
keeping my camera high right now because
I can't show you the logo on my hoodie
but yeah pretty much
I'm excited we're gonna have a good time
I'm gonna keep the lens super high so we
can't show the clothes were wearing but
you ready you ready to get your first W
yes I'm ready to get my first W I'm a
dream crew member officially I've been a
long time coming
finally got to be a part of the dream
crew
too close too close all right guys so
finally back in the city I was in New
Jersey that basketball court I was at it
was in New Jersey but I linked up with
the guys now fire Kings Fridays
hey are you doing yg West came in and
talked until the game we saw you this
morning I know guys are sleeping
oh really yeah you got me sleeping on
you've came out here to take a few ELLs
nah we only give out hours not receive
over there about these no comment you
know it's good man okay W to Sunday may
be taken many
guys look how huge this week on
convention is man this is insane
so this is gonna be our booth right here
we're gonna be selling the merger right
here CREB protects gonna be right here
we're gonna be taking pictures at cut
for tech and then our line this is gonna
go throughout this huge area right here
so next to the crib with yeah we didn't
will taking pics at the caboose oh look
how many tables there
there's gonna be so many shoes in this
frickin building tomorrow
all right guys coming to see you got to
be chillin man to come to see they're
putting the court together right now so
we can't get too close we bout to put on
the best show tomorrow I need to go look
at the merch because I haven't even seen
the merch yet so alright guys back at
the apartment and we're gonna show the
hoodie for the first time Adams wearing
it ready BAM
New York Nick colorway shown the front
damn no we gotta go like a runway Lee
okay go the first ever crew hoodie is
now going to be available at sneak peak
on New York that I feel like a high
piece but alright thank you
you know what you guys to chains just
say say from them danaiah labor babe I
got a baby just from the baby are you
gonna jump on 100 in New York that's
Jessica just like spices sometimes you
gotta beat your food you feel me like
spices you gotta eat your food without
spices you said he'd be your food you
are what you eat you so here's the dilly
it's your boy cute playing against lips
lemme and you boys up by one point with
a minute left
2k I'm the rocket he's the Knicks who
this gaming channel coming soon
like a party open gone too far
rip that rip sound this boy oh it's mine
yeah it's pretty talking with the range
on me
oh gee
let's do demos
let's go let's go home let's go home
baby
and I ain't from Houston but I rep it
what the fuck one game nine seconds
let's get this boy a Stalin's James
Harden what is let's try to get eternal
he can't be kind well sleep in the
corner alright guys so we just got to
Times Square right now and we got
another guest that came straight from
London man what I'm gonna fuke is in the
building although how was your flight it
was good it was hectic I'm
Sharma makes it but check this out also
we've been to New York we came here on
tour yeah this is swags first time swag
first time going to Times Square
say bright lights you know no cameras I
told him do not any mixtape anyone tells
you do it buy it someone comes up seems
like you'll get to the mix if he grabs
it shakes his hand he didn't say hi they
make you convinced you give me some
donation the Boise City boy ran up from
the BX come to town square get your
discount see the PX is whoever else
would not be traveling Time Square
doesn't matter what I sell just know I'm
getting it out here people were running
were come and get these discounts I
thought I had a couple deaf but that was
a miscount I'm always such numbers like
the clock on the wall and make his exes
fuckin hate his wedding chocking me full
up and I could tell him nothing swag she
taught me boss
I'm always telling number monopoly
boards no notice we got me in another
galaxy actually flying in the sky and I
will fall into a gadget thing the sun's
gonna shine forever
and as long as it is there Square fries
gonna shine together nigga we had a 10-8
nice sweaters it ain't nobody better no
time for lectures money come to the
shutter I'm a square free new circle
threatened room for its center is
salutely money it's Tom Thomas money
money in my brain
money is my game though was that a prank
was that a prank just now what's up you
see what said to the vlog all right guys
look what shoes I decided to bust out
easier but you got on time square 750
gummies no bears and then look we just
noticed this okay
look at my mean swagger wearing the same
shirt it's the Kim K tennis shirt but my
st. Pablo font is different from his
Saint yeah platform mines from Oakland
yours is from mine's from Toronto or DC
I have two of them it shows you so yeah
all of a sudden pebbles the real one
they're both they're both real friends
they're both for the tour prints it owns
the Hitman color these different fun
oh look at mine look at it okay look at
all your New York City is Chan sports
open past 11:00 p.m.
oh no Greyhound you I do we got it yeah
we don't mess with snakes our stakes now
it's thank you people let's see youkai
yeah how are you dude how do I do holy
shit you time you got
I'm gonna sneak to come tomorrow oh hell
yeah yo money kids for money alright
guys so I told you guys a surprise guest
decided to he FaceTime me and he told me
he was coming
how long is the flight 13-hour flight to
come here to be in New York this is his
first time in America guys shout out to
the man money goods what's up man how do
you like America you've only been here
for like a few hours though right it's
gonna be a sneaker concert tomorrow he's
gonna be hanging out with Fat Joe at Fat
Joe stores opening up so he's taking
over New York City let's just say and
we're coming to the Bison show so we're
gonna be hanging out at Devine yeah they
do some some crazy stuff coming out for
his channel and my channel so money
kicks qpk laughing all of a sudden right
these dudes are out here having a photo
shoot in the middle of Times Square we
in the East but I'm reppin West Side
look at that picture let me get a shot
my crew let's just say I better get a
tag on Instagram alright guys so ending
the night here sneaker con New York City
in like 10 hours bro I'm gonna be so
overwhelmed that I'm so excited there's
gonna be so much going on that I'm not
gonna be able to take it all in at once
so I'm it's gonna be I'm so happy first
of all that it's a two-day event first
day it's gonna be hectic as hell but
like I said it's gonna be fun
and if you're coming then please make
sure you guys stop by our booth we're
gonna have the merch for sale the easy
raffle taking pictures hanging out at
the crepitus booth yeah man thank you
guys for watching hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog see you guys tomorrow with a
lid to a sneaker caught vlog whoo I'm
out of here
