okay so I don't know why this happens
but every time I fly on a plane feet get
so swollen they came and put them back
into my flip-flops
I guess we just got off the plane and
look we ran into already i watch all
your videos bro oh thanks man
Alex what's up that what's good this is
my teammates and we're not gonna show
Alex on camera so we taking that W we
also just say straight dummies today
sorry
tell them what Sunday what did you just
tell me I said how many baskets you in a
score I told him how many goals I told
how many goals on this permanent scar
about like six months good then he
doesn't realize it's a basketball
Patrick have a hat-trick okay go ahead
it's basketball I'm gonna text you how
to play basketball tonight okay
alright guys so we just got into our
Airbnb decided to get an Airbnb just
because there's so many of us from the
crew that are here so there's like eight
of us so we instead of getting hotel
rooms we got one big Airbnb so this is
bed room number one this is the living
room area they have a drone in that room
with a computer a phantom floor hey sort
of God this is my room right here so
let's just say guys we look I'm living
like this
what's up there bro you give a waiting
time I'm gonna welcome you see you guys
took together right now our team is
gonna kill you guys we have a guard
though
why don't you mean no no I'll run
anything you know I'm saying all right
guys so we are finally on these New York
City streets man let's just say this is
my new second home they welcomed me here
let's just say I'm part of the New York
City family and how'd it get a cab in
New York City right in the middle of the
damn street easy everybody that's on a
bike or a bookkeeper I'm gonna call him
Casey all right guys for those of you
guys that don't know this is Slim's
little brother you know yeah if you guys
watch if you guys watched them channel
you already know him but but introduce
them to the channel but look at this box
taxi we can confirm what is this you
I love this place bro it's amazing man
the second person has arrived
straight from LAX I heard about that
we're gonna go to champs right now
because slim needs basketball shoes for
the game because he's balling in like
hyper dunks from like five years ago so
we're gonna go swag slim out already
we're not even here for a full day and
we're already sneaker shopping
what kind of kicks you trying to get fed
well I don't know man you're just
speaking you're gonna help me out
tonight
here we go get you some tight shoes you
know how many other brands though man
LeBron's are heavy bro they're heavy you
don't even need a signature shoe watch
I'm gonna make you I'm gonna give you a
few options you can pick what about
curry curry you like curry or nah brah
but it shoes our dope really yeah
gundarr machine yeah
helicopter book yuppies these are it's
not the best colorway but this is a very
comfortable these are hella comfy on
their helicopter okay so see these are
the most comfortable fan you got to get
these those are the hottest food right
now yeah girl I can't fuck with this guy
I'm just kidding this be honest you know
way yeah grana shoes make it in size I'm
trying to convince you to buy that with
the issues I'm trying to prank his ass
getting some ugly shoes I'm trying to
convince him to get all triplets but you
won't do it I'm telling you bro oh
they're so comfortable just try them on
you're gonna fall in love when they
sponsor you some shares they spots you
know I wish they sponsored me so dope
the secret camp sports in New York City
they got that rain repellent here Times
Square life protect represented out here
y'all shut up you think we're gonna win
hell yeah
all right you know your boy champs hired
me and you wicked stuff yeah yes things
already guys the holidays are here
because they got the ice rink
what is this park called Ryan Park Ryan
part so I'm gonna try to convince all
the guys to go ice skating when
everyone's here let's just say you guys
followed it on your asses greetings
agent Cameron boom I just did like
platinum Justin Bieber I don't like it I
don't like using my ELF mu has at all
for no reason you have to talk to you
maybe Kevin
I feel like all right guys so Adam
brought us to sugar factory right sugar
factory we're all eating a bunch of food
we shouldn't be eating alright guys we
are calling it a night whomp calling it
a night I'm gonna start editing this
vlog I've been editing his vlog huzzah
where's for cause yeah I don't even know
what the hell will cost us oh my god
yeah dude we just had the best phone
call ever so we just got a surprise
guess we just FaceTime me and told me
he's coming to sneak a con but you
better have your general admission
ticket no Kanye West Show shoutout to
Kanye so let's see let's recap what cost
is here Adam and slim live here well I
don't know what this hair is dude
literally this hair has been sticking
out of my damn at what cost is here me
and you are here
Adams them are here so that's five of us
who's coming tomorrow early morning yg
Farooq yg swag and make sure you guys
give this vlog thumbs up let's try to
get all these vlogs hell a thumbs up
okay I'm gonna go tomorrow which is the
day before sneaker car all right guys
you can find this shirt at new york
sneaker con we got fired kicks right
here you got the inner tag right here
the main thing about this shirt is the
quality it is like the best quality i've
ever had thanks to you guys is your
girl's favorite reseller this is a black
and creme long-sleeve there's a lot of
little surprises when you guys get there
there might be little accessories the
attention to detail when you guys find
out but you guys can cop this saturday
and sunday while supplies last and
everybody who buys this shirt gets away
the raffle ticket to some easy Oh time
to get out of here
have a great night I'll see you guys
tomorrow
