with this moving one wearing red socks
what's going on everybody so today we
are in beautiful San Diego
you know what San Diego means I've asked
you this every single time we've been in
San Diego and you still don't know it
means a whale's vagina
it's from anchorman if you don't want to
income and within the next few months I
have to
alright guys so I finally bought a
freaking luggage thank God needed it for
New York we getting ready just no family
but let's just listen let's go ahead in
yeah let's talk about how I asked her if
she likes my shirt and then she looked
at it and said why are you wearing a UFC
shirt
what do you mean in my defense it was
like this okay
so it looks like a yield and then right
here it looks like F and that looks like
the siege dude not a train track let's
just say she's not about that ovo
Halloween game guys adult-sized pork you
want to play first cuz now we play here
alright guys so we just got the Seaport
Village which is a nice little it's in
downtown what is it look alike a little
boardwalk type thing it reminds me of
the piers in New York City which we will
be going to this weekend for sneaker
called New York smooth wasn't it can you
name everyone that's coming from the
crew
yeah besides yourself what else anything
first here is swag I'm in Margie because
yeah
yama
Kruk
work
you say star - do ya see I'm in what you
yeah
and in the to New York of course that's
a given slimming eros semi net that's
just like it's gonna be gonna be like
it's gonna be a lot of fun at sneaker
Con and outside the sneaker con but look
at this beautiful view guys
I wonder if I can fly my drone here I
guess we'll find out right
we made reservations to the number one
restaurant in San Diego and there's a
dress code so I'm go they didn't know so
I'm going with my UFC shirt it says
gentlemen are required to wear a
collared shirt so hopefully they still
let us in all right guys so I'm back
home back in that way it's currently 149
my flight is at 6:00 a.m. that means I
gotta head towards the airport around
4:00 so I have about two hours so much
going on I'm packing right now I'm not
gonna show you guys the sneakers I'm
packing because that's a secret what am
I wearing on court what am I gonna be
running for sneaker conde one I'll show
you guys one sneaker that I've been
saving to wear the easy crap boots I'm
gonna bust these out for New York City
when I'm roaming the streets you know
with a nice little warm outfit this is
just gonna be an extra shoe that I'm
taking for when I want to be comfortable
probably right before a game time or
something like that I'm gonna cut to the
chase less talking you know I was
watching my youtube videos earlier and I
go in my subscription box and I see on
Ahmed and Rajas page that yg was talking
a little bit of smack now he's saying he
was roasting a couple of my teammates
you know what I'm saying and you know he
can roast me but don't roast my
teammates you know what I'm saying cuz
we getting that W so yg west this is a
message for you and you know let's raise
the stakes you know what I'm saying I
know the title I know the title of this
vlog and and I'm gonna be a man of my
word I will quit YouTube under one
condition if they can hold me to 0
points 0 points the whole game I will
quit YouTube I will literally quit
YouTube if you guys hold me to 0 points
now last sneaker con hoops classic in
Atlanta I made a little bet with gusto
who's currently on my team see I traded
for him because I thought he would be a
great asset to the dream crew so I made
a bet with him I said if you can hold me
to 0 points I'll buy you a pair of
Yeezys you know what happened I ended up
with like a 9 to 10 to 11 or 12 points I
don't remember it wasn't a crazy number
but your boy got on the bucket list you
know I'm saying so this time in at New
York City the mecca
of basketball if you guys can hold me to
zero points I will put my career on the
line will it happen I don't know
you guys gotta wait and see I know a lot
of people that are not gonna be in New
York City sneaker con will not be able
to find out until the day after but
let's just say maybe you need to take a
flight out to New York sneaker con and
be there but you want this belt yg can
take you from me
alright guys good morning it is
currently 5 a.m. we are at LAX getting
on this flight to New York but one thing
is certain
your boys hungry where'd you go I'm
hungry too so let's try to get a snack
we bored in five minutes so let's just
say ya know our flights at six
turn it upside down that's a nine-yard
6:18 need my juice in the morning so
this is my laptop bag I got my laptop in
here and what else do I have in here my
drone I carry my drone in my freakin
all right guys we had a really good
breakfast which possibly made us the
last people on the flight so our flights
delayed about 45 minutes so we're just
waiting to board a slip
I haven't snow
came to you when we get to New York now
sleeping on the plane so you've been on
the plane
do it here yes I got it thank you
all right I saw the vlog ends here we
will be landing in New York City at
about five hours till Little Buddha
tread arrest edit this vlog any last
words
let's get that w New York City sneaker
caught this weekend all right guys
