ah man man man we're recording in 60
frames-per-second today testing out the
vibes it's almost like 4:00 p.m.
honestly at the fan I woke up late I
have so much things to do so much things
I have so many things to do today
I haven't filmed crew kicks for tomorrow
I didn't even upload crew collection
yesterday so I'm behind on that and on
top of that I really want to go to the
Kanye concert tonight I don't have
tickets for it so we're not and so much
stuff's going on I really need to play
basketball too because obviously the
hoops classic is this weekend in New
York City and I haven't played
basketball since freaking Atlanta since
Atlanta sneaker con but the thing about
me is I don't need weeks and weeks to
get back in rhythm I really just need to
play once or twice to get back in rhythm
and I'm totally fine so as long as I
play basketball at least today and maybe
tomorrow night I should be good to go
for this weekend actually I don't think
I haven't ticket on my car it's the
sports thing somebody's themselves right
there I'm not even gonna show you guys
that's legit someone should
we taking dub use today like we taking
double use this weekend in New York City
and just no fan just no cash nasty
gaming you taking an L this weekend yg
West you taking an L this weekend Harris
Kotak you taking it out this weekend
both on our see you taking it out this
weekend
hey sneaker life you taking a big L this
weekend just like you took an L on your
Halloween costumes you look like you had
cream cheese on your face fam what is
this I'm just kidding Brad got love you
I got love for all those guys I cannot
wait to hang out with everybody this
weekend man we go have a good ass time I
think we're gonna start filming
sneakerheads be like part six in New
York City because I really want to get a
demand slimming it
alright guys so let me show you guys
what I got today from the good people
over at Stan's this is the new 2016
perfect pair sock as you guys can see
the homey Kenny and Stan's socks
collaborated on this beautiful sock
right here that is definitely made for a
certain sneaker that's coming out soon
but I'm not gonna say that so I just
took care of tons of emails I literally
had to text message all the players from
the hoops classic to let them know the
schedule for this weekend you know I'm
just sitting here
it's another Tuesday after and that's
not afternoon it's Tuesday night it's
like 7:00 p.m. and Kanye's performing
again at the forum here in Los Angeles
so what am I gonna do am I just gonna
stay here am I gonna stay in my room
while Kanye's performing 20 minutes away
from me what do you think we're here
no way man no way we staying home
tonight shout out to everybody who come
are you guys yeah or something else we
are we're doing it different tonight
guys we're going to general admission
we're gonna be on the floor with the
mosh pit going crazy I want to
experience it from the floor tonight
resellers be like
resellers be like reseller exposed that
condi cluster alright guys so finally
found the dope ass really short
before check these out a model of
modeling from
alright guys so I gotta give you guys a
review of the pit and it was an
experienced man you get as close as you
can to Kanye we knew exactly where the
sages were coming because we did the
show twice already so it was really dope
shout out to everybody who came out and
showed love and found me it was crazy
man I got elbowed in the head what do
you gotta say about your experience it
was amazing there's times when I got
lost and I think Vicky where are you and
I look and you're like 20 people behind
me like from one we resell it to another
guys look who are with ya let him know
if n oh you know what you gotta say to
the people that I think we're gonna take
it L on in New York
let's just say they know me as it goes
Theresa bomb will be their favorite
reason when we take that W need your
sneaker car yeah then why did they
all right guys so as you guys can see
I'm kind of out of it right now I don't
know what's going on with my life one
thing I know for certain is I've been
buying way too many sneakers look at all
the vans I've been buying like they've
been just dropping straight fire lately
and then I bought these the other day
that I didn't even show you guys these
are the 3m joints right here
the 3m uncage ultra booths I got these
from online surprisingly one two three
four five six I have 14 pairs of ultra
boost let me see how many pairs of
Jordan ones I have one two three four
five six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 holy Sh oh wait I have 19 I
forgot about these are you guys I'm not
giving you guys these numbers because
I'm trying to brag or anything like that
I'm just giving you guys these numbers
because I feel like a lot of people do
get interested on how many sneakers
every collector has one of the questions
that people always ask me when I tell
them I'm into sneakers is the next
question they ask is how many sneakers
do you own you know you give your stats
as a sneakerhead
when you have a conversation oh yeah
what's your collection like oh I've got
like a lot of Jordan ones I got a lot of
ultra boost I'm going about 50 to 60
pairs strong you know so it's not about
bragging it's never been about bragging
I collect sneakers because I enjoyed
them I enjoy the quality I enjoy the
story behind them
I enjoy the colorways I enjoy you know
the hunt the hunt getting sneakers
before they come out getting shoes years
after they come out you know getting
shoes that I've been on my grail list
signed by Big Sean just like things like
that man that's what the sneaker game is
that's why I love sneakers so much but
yeah let's let's go down and let's count
all the sneakers that I have here so we
said 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 I just lost count 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 14 times
2 that's 28 to 44 546 for some 44 now 50
51 52 53 54 55 57 58 59 60 62 66
7cj 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 to 80 84 85 86
87 88 89 oh my god I'm not even done in
5 96 97 and 8 99 a hundred 100 100 200
300 400 500 600 700 800 ad right now
these are empty so I'm not gonna count
those under 800 1100 13 14 15 16 17 18
19 20 21 22 23 24 25
Wow I thought I'm being dead ass serious
with you guys this is the first time I
counted how many sneakers I have and
this is just here I have a like 20 or 30
more back home in debate I have a
hundred 25 sneakers I honestly thought I
only had like 60 to 70 that is
ridiculous okay I that is too much what
I'm gonna do is when I get back from New
York I'm gonna make sure I narrow it
down to at least 100 because 125 is 100
is way too much I wear this shoe right
here four to five times a week this is
the black and white uncaged ultra boost
so how the hell am I gonna find time to
wear all these other sneakers this is
insane 125 shoes that's way too much I'm
definitely gonna be giving away some I'm
probably gonna be trading some but I
don't know how my roommate deals with me
having all these shoes are on the house
I'm out of here and all I can say I'm
gonna leave you guys with one very last
note how soon they forget how
significant November to stay tuned
