feel like this is a microphone we're
headed back home to the Bay Area for the
weekend his video is gonna be pretty
much this music is tripping me up we
already filmed today's video pretty much
back at Mina's house because as you see
from the title this is about Mina's
entire sneaker collection so we're about
to take this flight so we're pretty much
done I just wanted to do a little intro
roll it hey what's up guys welcome back
to crew kicks this is QT just kidding
wrong channel I am going to basically
show you guys my sneaker collection or
as much as I can of it for those of you
who know me or know of me know that I
didn't have any sneakers before I met
Kai so I guess you can say he definitely
brought me into the sneaker world I'm
fairly new to it so these are just a few
of my pick ups that I've gotten over the
past probably like two years so let me
know what you guys think yeah I'm
excited though so where do I even start
like where do you start
there we go with the box first let's
open the box okay I thought my doll her
makeup and all this other stuff going
home made me this channel box was just
obviously super dull but the problem is
it doesn't fit all my shoes so it used
to it used to fit all your shoes and
anyway oh let me make a disclaimer
because there's gonna be tons and tons
and tons of negative comments but we can
overpower the negative with the positive
so drop a positive comment and a thumbs
up before she even shows her collection
well Panem will pin the top leg
all right yeah let's start I've moved
around like some of the stuff that are
in here but for the most part I've tried
to keep this as like what I first really
kind of started with that's pretty dope
it's a Chanel inspired box quilted just
like the Chanel bag and then it has my
name on it of course inside on the top
row I have most of my Easy's so I
definitely started obviously with the V
ones my first pair was the turtle doves
which I was super excited for and on a
side note actually I didn't even really
like the shoe to begin with first and
then we going to Disneyland of course
because we love to go there and I saw
this girl wearing it and I fell in love
and then some and then I found out that
apparently my size is super expensive so
I was really crapped out but you know
shout out to the plug he made a
halfpenny gummy
Easy's so these are my first pair and
these are honestly still if you ask me
what am I like my favorite pair of easy
this is probably like my top two or
three to be honest with you like I love
these these are like a classic when you
think of Yeezys like this is what I
think of turtledoves
we got the pirate flags these ones I
used these ones I wore like a lot like I
wore these everyday and the great part
about it is you can't even tell because
they're all black and then we got the
moon rocks I got these last I like these
because these are like a good everyday
shoe kind of matches with everything
blends into the wall you know I mean
hello look around and I didn't actually
pick up the Oxford towns which is part
of the v1 collection because I wasn't
really a big fan of it I felt like this
was good enough for me to have like as a
light-colored shoe so I don't really
need the the Oxford tans for all human
races these are actually these this is
my first pair that I got and I actually
really liked it even when they first
came out and that yellow color
combination and this is when I thought
okay like I'm like I'm a sneaker head
now I want sinkers so it's a pretty dope
shoe I think it's comfortable I know
Caixa doesn't think it's really
comfortable and he changed out of them
one time my sneaker clone eating into
Gucci flip-flops
but I really that was the hyperadapt was
it yeah okay well I know you said they
were hurting you changing others I think
I bought the wrong size because the
maroon ones are good and then the trail
so yeah and then I got me a few maybe
twos I go I think these were the first
ones I got are the vetoes I didn't get
the belugas I know I think those ones
chopped first so I got these ones these
are pretty cool I don't really wear
these as often as I'd like which is why
they still look pretty brand new but
probably try to wear them more often I
kind of regret sleeping on the what is
it the black and white pair because I
feel like I for cream I feel like I
would've wore that more what I match a
lot more things okay and then moving on
and I got the v2 breads those are things
like a class this is like a class TV 2
version I think of the pirate black
super I love this true I wear these
often I have worn them often I think
I've plenty of Instagram posts about
them super dope oh wait the cream easy
is all white ones again classic shoe
goes with everything
minor super dirty which sucks
everybody's are dirty because guys is a
crap protect brand ambassador and he's
letting you walk out with dirty shoes
but it's just I'm really lazy to clean
them so maybe it bro maybe I'll show up
I did another sneaker con special guest
so they can clean my shoes these are one
of my favorite vetoes I especially like
them because Chi surprised me Nick yeah
what I sneaker cons we went to he
surprised me with them and I was like
trying to figure out what shoe I wanted
to wear and he popped up I don't know
where with these when I had been dying
for these but they were going for like
the first job they were going for so
much nobody really had them especially
girls so I was like okay you know he
always tells me patience is key so I was
like okay I'm
not gonna get somebody surprise me with
them so thank you so much I still love
these keeping like the b2 no you got the
bottom of the show alright move kind of
quickly on this accident not the way
it's not why could you mean he just
called this whack hold on guys he just
called this work he just called Bape
nmds whack my favorite freaking nmds I
regret not getting the colorway that
matched this one cuz I kind of look you
would have been a dope outfit but I
guess these are whack know what I mean
they seem to me these are my satin royal
ones probably one of my favorite ones
for sure almost butchered that title
right there
how anyways I love this shoe it's one of
my favorite one only thing that was I
was like so kind of upset or is like it
was my first time creasing Jordan one
which I know for you guys it happens
often cuz that's what happens to wines
but it was my first time happening so I
was like all I did was walk like how did
you already get crease so I was upset
about that but I know what happens cuz
we were sinkers you know moving with the
one who's we got the cyber monday is
these were actually my first pair of
ones
yeah my first pair of Jordans I never
thought I would own or do it in I always
saw people wearing them especially the
Elevens cliff feel like they're super
popular but I actually saw a girl at
Stadium good stadium good yeah anyways
you didn't even know that that's why he
was so teen okay so I saw actually one
of the workers there when Christ is
having his pop up there and it looked so
dope on her like I really like the high
top vibes and like the outfit she was
wearing and I was like Mike let me try
them on and see what they're about and I
fell in love with them I'm super excited
I'm gonna have to bust these up pretty
soon cuz I just fell in love all over
again
hello with me hello
and now we have hangings these are one
of the pairs that came with hanging
collection Kai's got the other one and I
can oh my god I was gonna say it I think
they're des but I just remembered I wore
them these are fire so these are not
even lace because they're still Deus but
I love these I love the color the
quality of the color the textures the
vibe that's going on like satin the
quarter I love everything about it I
actually told Cass I really want this
shoe and he was like not about it yeah
didn't like the most he hated them and
then he's like no Baba same thing like
the froze and then before I even got my
parent he bought himself a pair and I
was like all of a sudden he's like oh
yeah I saw them in person they look way
more dope in person so don't judge a
book by it's cover till you actually see
it in person cuz it's this is a really
dope shoe in person I got the name of
those what are those called
ELISA Aliyah something yeah she like
designed them or something yeah she did
a great job I see this is a top top 10
sneaker of the Year candidate
yeah I agree without a doubt top six
probably I'll put it number six
speaking of six you need some old videos
solar Reds got these before they re
released again so I don't really see a
lot of people have them but now everyone
I guess in their mom has it so moving on
from here I guess can he just likes it
or what yeah I guess we can take Annie
but I'm wearing all white so where
should I start how about some a designer
sneaker I just recently picked up I
think everyone has picked up a Gucci
sneaker this year cuz I feel like that
was like the it designer sneaker up
there or one of them so mine was this
one I love how girly it is the flowers
if you know me you know me I'm super
girly so I had to pick this up I love
the B it matches actually my sweatshirt
I thought it was gonna wear them both
but then I figured that's doing too much
so love these besides those have awesome
kit and I'm DS these are the only shoe
that I have that are like this
I don't really wear them as much because
I don't really know how to style them
that well but there it's a casue / dope
concept so really like the shoe retail
boys yeah definitely recommend it for
the ladies vapor Max's these are the
only vapor Max's that I own they were a
collab with panel I don't even know
either but it says oh no it says it
right and these are the only ones I go
and I really really really love these I
love the color combo I think they're
super sick I kind of feels like you're
walking off the grounds which is weird
but I mean I really like it it's it's
really really comfortable it's like
stretchy and very breathable wearable
obviously it's a loud color combination
so you can't really wear it without
their everything but still it dope shoe
flying it ones I have these in the
Royals and I have them in the breads the
breads actually caught as a engagement
gift from Jordan so shout out to Jordan
Brand for that we got our Calabasas of
course these are this one have anyone
worn yet but I'm planning on wearing it
today with this outfit cuz you know I
got a lot of Calabasas going on this one
I've worn so much it's like a beter shoe
at this point I love them they're so
comfortable I can't tell you why they're
comfortable because there's no boost in
it but it's so comfortable if you don't
have a pair I used to think there are
grandpa shoes and now I'm in love with
it obviously that I have two pairs of
these ones because I know these are
going to turn into theaters - I'm really
excited for the black ones to drop
because I definitely need those - I got
lucky with these it was a pretty easy
cup
I got it is actually early in Berlin oh
yeah I'm Berlin
shoutout to I don't remember the name
boy Seoul boxer for hooking me up before
they release and then I got fortunate
enough to get a pair of off you supply
for retail as well
yeah I'm sure you guys recognize these I
got all three for retail it's like the
first time you got this one on your own
yes so this one guy Scott but he
actually got because of me because I
woke up early so he woke up early so he
woke up in time for the drop so he got
these obviously easy supply for retail
these ones I don't know how we got it
off a Dita's for retail no yeah we kinda
know how and then last but not least my
most recent rap which obviously is death
suck these I think are so cute they're
so good I know you guys don't want me to
describe it as cute but it's just so
cute like I love the baby blue I really
like this sir these are one of my
favorite vetoes I'm not really sure what
I'm gonna style it with what I'm gonna
wear it with but definitely definitely
really like them though I'm super
excited actually got these I got two
pairs off of easy supply cuz they
dropped right when I got to the airport
in New York so like 3 o'clock in the
morning 6 o'clock in the morning New
York time I got two pairs I guess what I
didn't know is cuz I don't get retail
pairs often is that it's limit one per
customer and then I get an email like a
couple minutes later saying one of my
orders got cancelled and they actually
ordered they cancelled my size the other
one I had gotten was a half size too
small
but thankfully the sneaker gods wanted
me to have these so these actually fit
me still so that was pretty cool
these are my only my first pair of Air
Force Ones I never really liked Air
Force Ones I thought there were a really
bulky shoe I didn't realize how big they
run these are actually a half size
smaller than when I'm normally I don't
know I didn't even really want this shoe
til I started looking at like pictures
of it online and then I was really
crapped out that I didn't even try to
get these that complex con so um yeah
after I don't know
how long I asked for them but of course
price made it happen and he surprised me
with these which I was super excited for
I love this shoe like these are my
favorite out of all the off-white drops
except for one of them super comfortable
surprisingly I thought they were not
gonna be comfortable because they're
like super stiff kind of crease them a
little obviously here but I love these
shoes I love the sparkle they love
everything like I wish I brought the
other pair out so you could see that the
tab is white as opposed to the red one
that's on all the off-white shoes this
was also a complex Karnes not an
exclusive or else they're gonna try to
expose you
I didn't say exclusive thank you very
much because I know that none of the
drops a complex clone works looses that
being said these ones I wanted before it
was even complex Conchas heist was
fortunate enough to have Jordan Brand
actually sent him these shoes to wear
before complex convents he sent me a
picture I fell in love I was like
freaking out talking about I needed
these these are probably my top two
one of my top two a favorite Jordan ones
I have only one them one time and I fell
in love every single picture I took
every video I took wearing them I loved
them like if they weren't dirty I'd
probably lick it like that's how much I
love them the patent leather
combinations like this is a really dope
top three shoes these are sitting for
retail in good where York New York I was
fortunate enough to go there to eat
cereal and I somehow stumbled upon these
so I was like dude let's just try the
smallest size you have and see if they
fit me obviously they're big but I mean
I'm gonna double suck it if I have to
wear thick socks do something cuz these
I couldn't sleep on these like I was
like I need these so I was fortunate
enough to get these maybe who knows
they'll start playing basketball
I don't know stay tuned from my
basketball channel coming soon soon yeah
another dope off wet pick up and since
we're on the off-white vibes here we go
um debated Lee also known as possibly
sneaker of the year
off-white ones I love this
you I haven't even worn them yet because
I don't want to mess them up I don't
want to wear them like I just want to
put it in a box and just keep it forever
because I really really want like one in
this shoe so bad and I kind of find them
in my size I remember I tweeted saying
like I can't find these I don't think
they make them in my size blah blah so
somehow someway here's the hard part of
my collection so I'm super excited I'm
actually gonna rock these this weekend
for the first time ever so really
excited about that this I love this shoe
I mean it's like the epitome of like a
great shoe for girls I know it's not for
girls
mine is technically because they didn't
drop men's sizes alright well this is
the epitome of me they did but it's
super super rare that's why I'm jealous
of these yeah I'm really excited these
are what are these forest fires oh my
god alright that's it sneaker collection
huh go home Tuesday the twos I don't
know I've do I on Jordans as you guys
can tell I only wear once okay anyways
as before I was rudely interrupted again
by my cameraman better hire a new one is
I love these years I love like the
quilted it like reminds you of like my
Chanel bags is Chanel vibes of the
sneaker box I don't wear it as often as
I would like it is not really
comfortable for me I have like wide feet
so it hurts me but I don't care I'll
still wear it because it's a dope shoe
so it's actually inspired by Chanel back
it looks like my latest UH one of my
latest and MD pick I mean yeah is this I
don't know what the colorway is but it
is one of the best ones I think that
drops oh and we're like the colors were
a little too funky for me I don't think
I could actually do it and while we're
talking about those here's my next color
combo these are the BBC collab with fro
and I do this I love this this is so
freaking cute like super dope colorway I
saw them on the homie private labels fee
and I had to have a pair probably gonna
wear these a lot more often
love the pink the baby blue the kind of
pastel colors I mean last but not least
I think it's I mean only right to just
show you my last sneaker it's nothing
really like you know for those of you
guys who saw Isis recent video where you
guys saw me at sneaker con New York you
guys know that this is my latest pick up
and my greatest pick up of 2017 probably
also my most expensive pick up of my
whole sneaker collection actually I
never thought I was gonna own a pair of
these and to say that I have it in my
collection I can just say I'm honestly
blessed and I'm forever grateful to Kies
for surprising me with it I didn't think
I was gonna get these I really like I
really really wanted these like I was
like I don't know I was contemplating in
my head like if I should sell my other
sneakers like what I should do to get
these shoes because I really wanted them
and guys surprised me for our
anniversary so probably the best shoe in
my opinion of the earth the best collab
of the year these two are probably my
favorites for sure that I picked up this
year so yeah Chanel boys and it's funny
because when they released guys I've
seen them and I didn't know if they were
real or not but he sent me a picture
he's like lol your dream shoe I was like
yeah and then I realized it was real it
wasn't just a concept I thought it was
someone sending some things someone had
just drawn up but here they're real and
they're in my hand so it's crazy like to
see a picture and walk up on the
Internet to come to real life but I
can't really say anything more except
for I'm really really forever grateful
so thank you guys for giving me a lot of
these sneakers thank you for making me a
sneaker head thank you for saving my
feet before I don't even buy heels
anymore cuz I just get excited over
sneaker releases now that's it for my
sneaker collection and let me know what
you guys think if you
I don't know if this book does good
maybe I'll show you guys it's like my
like all the clothes letter have my high
clothes and things we're gonna pin some
comments respond to some comments
there's gonna be a lot of negative
comments and stuff like that we already
know what we know how the game works you
know what I'm saying but I think that's
one of the best female collections on
YouTube you know saying obviously I
surprised it with a lot of these stuff
but as a sneakerhead you definitely want
your girl to have dope shoes you know
I'm saying so if you grinding hard
enough to where you can buy yourself
dope shoes and your girl dope shoes it's
like you wearing two pairs of sneakers
to a sneaker event you know I'm saying
oh yeah drop a thumbs up we will show
her like hype like you know she got the
LV hoodie the supreme LV hoodie she got
a whole bunch of dope like high peas
clothing so if you want to see that
video hit that thumbs up yeah I think
we're pretty much done for today hope
you guys enjoyed and my I'm actually
gonna announce this right now I haven't
done a full sneaker collection since
January of this year so it's been
basically a year since then so I'm
dropping my sneaker collection next
Saturday on January 30th or is that 31st
my bet
December 30th but with a twist because
crap protect is gonna be sending me
brand new crap crates finally so I'm
gonna be redoing my whole sneaker
collection and I'm gonna give you my old
ones so I'm gonna be getting a remake
makeover of my apartment sneaker wall so
I'll be saving that for you guys next
week so yeah that's it okay oh yeah
