okay so it is currently Halloween
October 31st and I wanted to do
something a little bit different for
today's vlog I have a secret passion
it's baking I thought I would do
something very interesting today I'm
gonna make cupcakes
but not just any cupcakes today I'm
gonna make cupcakes inspired by Easy's
these right here are the easy
adidas turtledoves if you guys haven't
seen me show these a million times in my
vlogs I want to talk to shopping last
night and I got everything I needed for
this video two types of frostings Vaughn
fede Halloween mix bakery cup cookie
icing oil red icing swag mixer cupcake
pan she something to mix your batter in
okay so the first thing you want to do
is set your oven to 350 kids make sure
you have an adult with you if you do
this oh I almost forgot you need this
eggs and milk
just take your batter dump this whole
thing it's like three eggs oh
should have used a bigger bowl now you
need a measuring cup I'm just gonna use
this cup right here a half a cup of oil
now here's where I switch things up you
can do water or you can do milk but
something about milk that just I love
make those cupcakes nice and creamy baby
my favorite part that kind of gets
tiring after 10 seconds
I'm gonna switch to the red bowl now I
could really mix I think we're good
next up we're gonna need our little
pants sheet go ahead and take all that
so basically just gonna put your cups in
there you should probably be using
something else to pour it in but this is
alright if you want to do it about half
way cuz these things are gonna plump up
now you can finally put our beautiful
cupcakes in the oven and you want to let
them sit for about 19 to 23 minutes hey
Siri give me a timer for 23 minutes in
the meantime you know I get this
question asked away too much they say
Chi spam what happens if you get a
little bit of cake batter on your Easy's
is the world over no it's not correct
wives to the rescue product placement if
you're cooking and you do get some stuff
on your shoes well I'm not wearing shoes
right now you know just keep it keep a
deck of crap wipes on hand good isn't it
new it's good okay so time is up make
sure you guys don't burn your hands use
like a cloth or a glove to take out the
pan the waiting game is back on because
you got to let your cupcake sit for
about 10 to 15 minutes let them cool
down if you put the frosting on right
now it's just gonna melt so patience is
key okay now it's time for the second
most important thing first off you want
to make sure they taste good then you
want to make sure that they look good to
make the Turtledove print I'm gonna be
using white frosting with the black
cookie icing first thing I want to do is
I want to take the silver for you all
all right we got our four Turtledove
cupcakes set it's like a little broken
bunches of lines so you know I was going
sloppy at first you barely need to press
this I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna bake every cupcake different it's
like I want one cupcake to have this
middle and then I want the other two
cupcakes to have regular print and I
want one cupcake to have lines on it you
don't want to make too many straight
lines because then it's gonna look like
a fake pair I like the way this one came
out way more than I like the way this
one came out because it has a little
more spotting on it
so that is the front stitching oh you
want to get the red frosting dingy
all right there we go those are my Easi
inspired cupcakes I don't know if I did
a good job or if I did a bad job but
that's compared to the actual sneaker
but basically that's how you make easy
inspired cupcakes to show you the back
tab that's probably my favorite part
right there
alright guys so that's how you make easy
cupcakes I know it wasn't the best but I
mean I tried so now what do you do now
you eat them no I'm not gonna eat them
I'm gonna actually take them for someone
special so let's go I'm giving the
cupcakes to Mina by the way so I want to
do something a little bit extra special
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go to
Costco and I'm gonna see if they have
something that I wanted I've been
wanting to get her it's a little extreme
but I think it's really dope and I think
she'll really like it so I'm gonna go to
Costco right now and see if they have it
there alright guys dig is huge
this
little too big
okay so we're gonna have to just stick
with the cupcakes okay
so look at her Halloween costume first
of all so I made extra ones that I
didn't show this is the show that one
that's the Halloween one if you have to
think of a type of theme I would make a
cupcake so would you guess something
inspired the cupcakes what would it be
I'm pretty sure they don't have sneaker
sprinkles okay but what sneaker do you
think I did
turtledoves
they are Turtles us baby what is this
like an Oreo no but that's the print
this is the back tab that's the best
part
I'm gonna keep these on it okay she made
fun of my cupcakes but I made it mostly
for you guys so all the sudden
Halloween's over no more costume is dry
I look like Craig Sager Oh Craig say you
know how Craig Sager is oh my way this
is a sneaker calling oh my god I think I
just got sick so literally he leaves me
for like two seconds I come back I want
to be comfortable and like the plane
ride to New York and like just oh my god
you know where the camel one which I'm
not I don't like it too much because
it's to be me I don't know what the hell
that is the suns are made to keep you
super warm it's like you're here just
continuing on your head okay now this
one's hella long it's like goofy ears
got some glitter on me alright guys so
it's currently what time is it 9:00 guys
we went trick-or-treating I don't know
why we went trick-or-treating but we
went trick-or-treating he says I don't
know why yeah only four pieces of candy
we're gonna end Halloween by going to
the movies and watching this new movie
called the conjuring that's movie every
scary movies has to do with the Ouija
board so yeah we're gonna end the night
by going and watching a scary movie I
haven't I haven't watched a scary movie
in the theater since paranoia Paranormal
Activity the second one here is it
though in another day one doesn't month
ago we watched the conjuring 2 right
yeah he fell asleep halfway did ya I
fell asleep halfway to the movie and
then I started watching it on my way to
London and then I realized that this the
movie takes place in London did you show
them your Halloween costume no this is
what I got
this is what it lady see to us y'all
should be ashamed of yourself
y'all too old first things first this
lighting is really orange what happened
to this cameras being really weird and
it's like super orange in my room right
now I don't know if I like the a DD I
might go back to the 70d honestly okay
figure that out not orange in here near
morgue I had really fun today I had a
lot of fun today it was a great
Halloween and didn't do anything
we went trick-or-treating I'm almost
very old and I still went
trick-or-treating but it was the people
that I was with that made it fun and
made it okay for me to go
trick-or-treating so I'm just gonna
finish the vlog off by saying you know
sneaker con New York is this weekend it
is currently Monday for myself Tuesday
you are watching this I want to say that
man I'm just so excited to be in New
York it's gonna be interesting the game
is gonna be interesting there's not been
a there has not been a lot of
trash-talking but there's been a lot of
trash talking behind the scenes Mike and
yg who were on the winning team last
thing Kirk on hoops classic with myself
and I met we traded them you know what
I'm saying some friendly competition we
picked up slim we picked up swagger
Diddy they got Harris we also got gusto
so I'm super excited I know you know
there's some good matchup saying that I
hyped up last time a lot when it came to
the hoops classic in Atlanta was the
sneakers I was wearing on court now you
guys are probably wondering what shoes
I'm gonna wear now I wanna i want to
break some necks so something from this
wall i'm gonna be rocking on court I
haven't decided a hundred percent yet
but just know we come in to break some
necks I decided that I'm not gonna show
any of the merch until the day of
sneaker con New York City so the shirts
and the hoodies will not be unveiled
unveiled until sneaker car New York City
day one sometimes you just got to wait
and see what drops you know what I'm
saying so it is me signing out of here
your world heavyweight champ
okay I'm talking too much peace
