what's going on gym crew family it feels
so good to wake up and have another
blessed day I really don't even know
what we're doing today but we gonna have
some fun we're gonna go to college
go are you gonna pick let's get mosh pit
I don't know I miss y'all
beggars can't be choosey alright guys so
we just grub right now
we had ohon BBQ 100 no barbecue let's
just say we goin Hawaii sand fire kicks
went to Disneyland yesterday how was it
maybe I didn't know did you learn so
much the rides are actually fast and
they're like just like a dope taste I
didn't know is that you got a driver did
you open me you know that you have to
thank the people that gave us the
tickets cuz they they gave it for all of
us
Thank You Timothy Jane and his
girlfriend and their neighbor in rental
in rental in thank you to DJ man Rendell
in for the Disneyland tickets much love
much appreciate a great time thanks to
you go go watch his vlog we're gonna go
to the ovo store because they just did a
new ovo drop
you
alright guys so they don't let you take
cameras into ovo so I'm using my phone
but shout out to these guys if you guys
are so six time meeting kites
you
alright guys so they wouldn't let me
film in there too much filming
permission where's the filming permits
at look how high you got his chest at
the wheel
alright guys so we are on Melrose now I
mean we just taking a tour let's just
say it's Saturday bro it's Saturday on
Melrose and it's poppin it's been two
weeks since we've been out here so the
block is hot there's probably a lot of
cops and stuff like that
I know blank lenders doing a little bit
a little event over here at another
sneaker shop we're just making our
presence felt as the crew let them know
that the crews back in LA oh I ate
ghouls man I said I think color you want
it yeah that's the color yeah yeah
what's up fam I'm so fan all my
soldering fam
shoutout to juni good Kabir
whoever your girl's favorite reseller in
the building oh I like that sweater G
dang it I'm rich
yeah this dude I'll see y'all and you
got the beaches all y'all take it easy
your girl's favorite reseller I'm
already now victory attitude alright
guys so we're on we're at this store on
Melrose called fan pian and they've got
like all this dope a smidgeon Mitchell
and Nesta like vintage like NBA warmups
they got the freakin Jersey the warm up
Jersey that MJ war with the Jordan ones
look at this that's so freaking dope
that's 250 and then this is the Kobe one
from the dunk contest Wow
it is the
look at him
look who has joined us I heard about
that oh my god almost ran into this
fence and killed myself yo guys I think
I'm spending a little bit too much money
so I guess we're going to pull up to
Blake's meetup let's just say we're
customers today we going into the raffle
if we win it's not rigged yeah it's not
going to be rigged
we're paying customers
you want these out I got him yesterday
from the plug blow man yeah they're
looking it up what you got to save him
oh sure that's awkward turtle best
YouTube go subscribe awkward turtle man
wait headshot on my chickens yeah look
are two uh JJ crows official youtube.com
slash Jay groans official Yardena
shout-out to awkward so we still go
in awkward shadow everybody's repping
awkward turtle or girl's favorite
reseller
 your chick master identity number
yeah 589 five
eleven this man came through in one in
the clutch I still think the hold now I
believe it but up until now it I was a
prank everybody thought we rigged it
like no we just showed up in freaking
that is so weird dude I swear to god
people think we're probably lucky as
hell because the keymaster wins this
raffle put in oh my god that's insane
what are you gonna do keep them up in
freedom sell them Rock'em do I look like
a reseller yeah but you know what that
color oh that oh I don't I don't I try
to ask him for the black ones you
they're like no we don't get the black
ones are worth more again yeah
like no we can't go
oh damn it check the train I don't have
candy check check
wait a minute I got you give me one
second a perfect
happy Halloween crap wipes keep your
sneakers clean brother nor you go I got
tons for you some shoe laces
water-resistant don't get him wet you
don't say no lying he's not good for
unique powers king-crab the almond joys
any of your new kid cats with those
happy halloween brother oh we see
alright guys so Saturday night in Los
Angeles
there's tons of Halloween parties things
to do
I'm keeping it low laying low I'm gonna
go home take care of some work not going
out
I don't you think I'm doing anything or
dressing up for Halloween at all I think
the most I'll do is probably wear
shattered backboards on Monday black and
orange you feel me uh Hoffman who will
you what tell him with who your dressing
is showing doc Austin I told him he's
ridiculous I might hit him with this
with the camel long sleep you get from
the concert or I came in like hit him
with the with the eyes of the day never
know wow what cost is going as Justin
Bieber he's got the Justin Bieber shirt
on wherever he is and I told them since
he's Justin Bieber all he has to do is
go up to people on Tom to stop screaming
so if you guys get that joke I hope you
appreciate it as much as I do
oh boy yeah that's it for hanging out
with these guys you had a great day
though Oh
it's time to go home
