drop drop and lower all right guys so
all those dollar bills are mine
I exchange them for 20s and I'm gonna
try to win the keymaster here I've never
won here I've only won at the Fairfax
location which is my own machine but
what am I going to go for through
fifties probably dudes with these but I
kind of like Eminem Dee's right there
but anyway guys why does mag Park look
like a Halloween house we got this
freaking minion right here we've got
this kid right here what's up fab you've
got the haunted whoo so let's just say
family mine if you score a bucket you
might break a leg Hanako calm GOP guys
pov
oh you're really good on your knees
expose what is
what is it which I wasn't falling you
down
after sneaker con I'm gonna take like a
one-day trip to Vegas a one-day trip I'm
gonna try to win that M&M going with you
in the machine you take the machines
yeah so obviously you guys know imma be
a sneaker con in New York next weekend
but mag Park is gonna be a complex con
out here in LA and there bring in both
machines and Mickey just told me what I
can't say I guess eh let's just say they
got a very dope expensive sneaker in the
machine two of them in the machine maybe
three maybe four I don't know if you're
staying in LA
you're not gonna be a secret con you're
gonna want to be an accomplice on with
us see I don't always win guys
damn it it's all good that clarify
something really quick my name is ham i
ki Mickey I got a lot of em i ck he was
Mike it's Mickey
am i ki just for the record well you
have a little Mickey toy on your desk -
so yeah you're right
I mean I get it I was named after Mickey
the cartoon character cuz maybe as a
child I might have like loved Mickey
study yeah it's good this isn't together
see I'm calm down don't tell me
every ticket okay let me give it to me
in Vegas there is we out you know I
can't come here without buying some
sneakers but I'm gonna be a high beast
don't say that apologize I got him early
that's a bad smell Dan those black toes
are beautiful do not sleep on a man do
not sleep I'm happy they got him here
early I saw them posted on the gram and
I hit up Mickey real quick I said you I
need size ten god damn look how dope
these are men it's my first time seeing
these the car you seen the door Becker
like hey you seen it yes uh I think that
my reach is the sickest one yeah I don't
like the seventh everything is alright
this is the Kyrie the Braun pack that's
the LeBron soldier this is the Kyrie a
flop you think in the sneaker game I
think that this colorway Game six is not
not the best and I mean as far as like
use our time business-wise yeah I
wouldn't call it flop I would call it a
quick flip like let's get in get out I
think it's just for the LeBron and Kyrie
fans like there's no reason for the fear
collector collector like yeah let's
collect them all
you probably getting all of them but I
will say this they retail for 300 that's
kind of a good deal for a LeBron and
Kyrie yeah but and we have them listed
up for 600 so when you can double up
your money I think it's always good yeah
hey get your kids you need your kids
some sneakers come here
hopefully rap it's my size alright K so
I did a little bit of damage tonight at
night Friday night shopping I got this -
mines oprah brochure here god is Jordan
ones fans already said that alright guys
so it's midnight here late nights we
kept the store open just for me right
exclusive VIP you know I wanted to be
home right now we had the fortune to be
here but it's ok it's not midnight it so
he'd like 10 o'clock and 30
it's 10:30 but yes here's a gig tonight
you promised me an Instagram followers
bro I'd go ahead shot yourself in with
you we don't have a picture we have one
picture together go ahead and shout it
up i'ma link it no is it no I don't want
anybody know where Instagram is keep it
low-key they will find it on their own
Mina right okay talk to me I've never
tagged her I've never shouted her out
you know how many followers she got in
six months 10,000
so I'm not even gonna link him or
anything find his Instagram we'll call
it a scavenger hunt and put on all his
coffins go comment hashtag found Mickey
find what is called Where's Waldo
where's Mickey
where does make sure they found you my
ki and then you know what it's for fun I
think well I'll have to give us your way
or something no if enough people find us
okay find me follow you and mag Park
yeah I think the Mac part if you guys
follow he'll well how many followers aus
I'm not like six thousand six season
okay if you get ten thousand and if Mac
Park gets how many how good is Mac Park
I like my parks at 112 so 120 is like a
nice number okay so make sure you guys
follow him that's actually good I should
make people do that instead of just
being like hey shout out minds to go and
be like okay but you gotta give people a
reason to follow you yeah it's good my
good fine let's just say fan we don't
even know I really didn't do too much
today Halloween last year I was a
wrestler and that was like the second or
third night that I moved to LA and I
carried around his belt I took a picture
with hua ji and let's just say a year
later your boy still the world
heavyweight champion ain't nobody taking
the crown I mean the belt
alright so let's go ahead and take a
look at some of my late night sneaker
purchases I still buy my shoes man even
though I'm getting stuff from these
companies I'm really grateful but I
think if I'm out here you know just
doing it for the free stuff that's
that's not why I love sneakers it's the
fact that you got a hunt this sneaker
you got a lineup for this sneaker you
got to enter raffles for this sneaker
and that's why even though I could have
possibly got these from for free someway
somehow let's just buy him you know I'm
saying I got him a little early and I
have to get him online but I buy my
sneakers man I think that's something
that if I stopped buying sneakers I'm
not a real sneaker head you know I'm
saying that I don't know if you guys get
where I'm coming from but I'm like it's
not about the money it's not about this
it's about that's about the culture I
want to be part of the culture and I
never want to lose that this is my first
time owning the black toes and I can
wait to wear these I'ma be loud and
clear adidas is killing the game they're
killing it but Jordan Brand what the
ones they've released this year I think
I speak for a lot of sneaker heads when
I say Jordan Brand Jordan Brand thank
you for releasing these sneakers thank
you for making bees easier to cop than
the last pair thank you for making a
second version of the shattered
backboards and most importantly thank
you for making these thank thank Lee you
thank you for releasing these the Jordan
one the ultra boost these are my two
favorite sneakers at the moment and yes
I'm putting these over Yeezys right now
if I had to choose to wear one brand for
the rest of my life my tripods giving
out right now if I have to choose to
wear one brand for the rest of my life
what brand do you guys think I would
pick at the moment at the moment comment
down below what you guys think I would
pick you know this tripod sucks so I got
the supreme one uh I wish it was the
black version but the blue version will
do for now
the inner lining is leather and
removable so that's really different you
don't see that on vans
sneaker con New York is exactly one week
away guys one freaking week away a lot
of great positive feedback as far as the
people that will participate are
participating in the game I think Dream
Cruise is gonna win I have seen images
of our new jerseys which I'm really
excited about because they're camo
basically let me give you guys a quick
rundown sneaker con is in New York City
November fifth and six it's a two-day
event so there's actually two options
when it comes to attendance
you can either buy individual tickets
for Saturday and Sunday if you can't go
to both or you can buy a two day pass I
would honestly suggest to come to both
because the first day is gonna be crazy
and then the second is gonna be crazy
too and we're doing the sneaker con
hoots hoops classic on the second day
but for New York the shirt is a New York
exclusive and when I say that I mean
that because the shirt itself says New
York on it so I'll tell you guys it says
New York dream crew on it so it's really
dope and I'm not gonna show any images
of it and
that day of sneaker kaan so the hoodies
the shirts I also have the camo hat the
camo hat will be available these ones
are I think I have less than a hundred
of these I am doing a raffle as well so
on sneaker con day one anybody who buys
a t-shirt or a hat or if you buy
multiple items for every item you buy
you get a raffle ticket and then about
an hour before sneaker con ends on
Saturday we are gonna pick one winner
and the winner is gonna receive a pair
of easy 350 boost deadstock
if you want a pair Easy's make sure you
guys come through it was just a little
extra bonus thing I wanted to do for all
the people who support me and who are
gonna be picking up merch I was a lot of
talking so basically sneaker con New
York is gonna be insane there's gonna be
a lot of people it's the culture is
amazing the vibe is amazing last year I
did go you know what's funny man you
know it's really funny sneaker con last
year this is before I created coup cakes
I went there and I I flew there by
myself got my own hotel went to sneaker
con paid for my ticket went inside I
didn't know anybody I didn't know any of
the sneaker con team I was walking
around and I wasn't even with crap CREB
didn't even know who I was
I bought these I bought crept Patek
wipes there was like two or three other
sneaker cleaning brands there but for
some reason like I was like y'all want
to buy crap wipes I don't want to go to
the other brands I went to crap I bought
crap wipes and I really loved the
product and that's one of the main
reasons why when they did reach out to
me and they wanted to sponsor sneaker
head to be like I was like yes please
let's do it so yeah so shout out to crap
I was a fan of the product before I
became a damn brand ambassador which is
freaking amazing
man it's a visit blessing and it's crazy
how one year has changed and I say this
a lot like it's crazy man and again this
is the first wave baby we go into the
second wave now I'm ended on that note
man I got my vibes are amazing I feel
really good everything life has been so
good lately my beautiful niece is born
my family back home I got to spend a
week with them I'm back here in LA I got
so much creativity just in my mind
all over the place thinking of ideas
skits and things like that and and I
this is the same this is the old case
that moved to LA spontaneously and just
grind it hard I feel like the past
couple weeks or months I just kind of
lost touch with that creativity but I
feel like I'm back and hopefully you
guys keep sticking with me and keep
supporting and we keep grinding and
making history in the sneaker game and
making history on YouTube and breaking
records and one last note we are 25,000
subscribers away from half a million I
will leave you with that note if you're
not a subscriber please subscribe join
the crew I love you guys thank you for
everything that you've blessed me with
with that being said have a great night
have a great day have a great weekend
have a great Halloween
be safe
