I've been looking for an apartment
trying to find a way to be in LA and
after searching and searching and
searching I have finally found an
apartment and I'm moving to LA today BAM
90% shoes in here the last chance this
is the one this is where it has to
happen man I'm literally putting all my
chips on the table here so wish me luck
guys I hope you guys enjoy this
basically this is a new journey a new
vlog chapter this is everything so I'm
super excited for this and I cannot wait
me to tally video
crazy so it is the day after I literally
just woke up here is the first look of
my new bedroom I mean there's nothing
really I could show you guys right now
because my bed's obviously doesn't have
a bed frame I got a few of my shoeboxes
gossip shoes it's my favorite thing if
you see the ugly cities view right there
let's get a sorry man
day one in LA has officially started
good afternoon good morning good
afternoon I'd actually it's really late
ladies and gentlemen today's the day
that I moved to LA one year ago the
happiest day of your life am I not right
someone for making a happy I heard about
that actually
something will cost would wear something
yg would wear something off it would
wear okay so the reason why we're
rushing all over the Grove is because
we're going to st. Pablo tour in LA we
didn't get to go the other day obviously
yeah we didn't get to go the other day
obviously because I had to fly back home
to the bay so I'm making it up to her
you know I just felt like I was in the
process of getting ready or anything to
go you guys know what happened guys last
minute I had to go to the hospital and
fight back to the bay but we're here in
LA now and it feels really good to be in
LA honestly like I missed this place so
much but it's time to get back to the
hustle after tonight though because
we're gonna have some fun tonight
table 4 should be cracking tonight I'm
not sure if I can say how I got my
tickets yet but I will find out if I
could say how I got it when I'm there
but let's just say we're getting in with
artists tickets okay so I told her she
can borrow one of my Pablo shirts for
tonight let's see what the options are
you don't you have this one oh wait I
have two of these okay this is the black
on black Chicago we'll get this
I have New York as well on one it's
called ironing Hey look look New York
that's how you match me with this one
look at this one this one of my
Tribune's mmm that's the one this is one
option this one's a little short cuz
it'll work and this one is the one I was
going to tell you aware of it David
releasing this what they're releasing it
I have I can't hurt because this one's
coming out at the show today the long
sleeve version of it and then I have
this London Philadelphia Detroit why
don't you wear this one New York this is
the one that I told you you should work
well that match my boots this part
five five five nights you know we've
been coming to the forum a lot lately
let's just say it adopted us every time
I'm in the building the same building as
Kanye I always think it's tonight the
night tonight the night that I meet
Kanye I don't think it's the night but
it's gonna be a great show we got our
tickets going to go take our seats
because Kanye should be from getting on
stage in like 10-15 minutes she's got
the sickest shirt in this bill and
everybody else got the problem where Jon
she's got the easiest merch on it is my
shirt biggest exclusive all right guys
so we just got to our seats
these are a little closer than we were
actually this Islam posted
so we're like right in the little bit
off center but
this arena is a lot smaller
honey might say wassup
but here we go check this out
song is called fast everything is now
I'm holding down to summon now imma
leave a little more time now then got
the money on me right now
but anyway we left the show middle half
way to go get some merch right now okay
so he'll a show was way less rush Kanye
rushed the Bay Area show but I think I
had more fun because it was all the guys
yellow in the bay but as far as
performance wise Kanye didn't rush this
show he didn't skip many songs and the
Bay Area's give like three songs like
next songs I saw he didn't do that here
so I wished he could find it too in a
little bit of dope-ass very tight but
bring on the people that's impossible
let's just say so I can hear it's not
about it but yeah man great performance
great show but we're gonna go meet up
with Mickey because he's here too and
the show just ended so chaos is about to
break out merged answer about to get
long but let's just say review coming
soon when we get to the room
Oh what's up fam how you Rock cakes yeah
all the time
okay cute exposed
I'm Jesse now with the rules I need my
guys who sign that you did
johnson- for you
shout the Rhinos shout out the bling
cleaning up shots all my haters our taxi
driver like wanted to go eat now just
kidding make you offered us a ride thank
you your royal and we asked him if he
wants a grub and he said let me take you
somewhere he says say no more
before that happens you said you want to
go to Jimmy's right couple I know I said
no no no I'm not chubby for no reason I
know my spot so we came to ever seen
rice bar in downtown difference run the
place and I'm watching too soon to the
best the best biscuits another best the
other biscuit I've had was that like
hits me kisses that's the best whole
gilded biscuit I've ever had so as far
as comparing I think this takes the cake
but let's see if this is good he wants
me to add what what is this pie so
that's that's apple butter apple butter
that's freshly-baked out of that and so
you put this you put it in the inside
yeah so open up the open up and just
look out flaky that is
oh my god a premium version of a
McDonald's apple pie that's all I know
that's all right so next up we got this
burger right here there's some high
expectations for this right here but
Mickey says it's good so I keep writing
it up it's called a single but it's very
something it's literally bread cheese
meat and spread but it's the bomb my
favorite burger of all time is Shake
Shack so see this niche
Oh
