alright guys in case you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I officially became an
uncle my niece was born at 1:00 a.m.
yesterday are today October 26th 2016
welcome to the crew it's it's cool to be
a to an uncle and finally have a kid in
the family I mean I have tons of cousins
who have daughters like Zara and Mila
and all that but it's cool to be an
actual uncle now and to know that every
time I come home I'm gonna have her here
and play and teach your stuff and make
our little girls sneakerhead and and buy
her all the dopest sneakers and take her
on trips and take it to the park and
take her everywhere and have fun and
it's a blessing man it's been always
been a blessed blessed week out here
there
am I being hella extra if I rock one of
these around New York City for sneaker
con
my flight takes off in like five minutes
I don't know how I made it
today is currently today is currently
October 27 2016 the day you're watching
this is the day that I'm uploading it
unless you're watching it tomorrow but
anyway the reason why today is so
important is because exactly on this day
one year ago I packed my bags and I
moved to Los Angeles I moved into this
room right here
I found a roommate off Craigslist I mean
of it wasn't a creepy it was a cool he's
a cool dude literally two three days
later I went back home to the Bay Area
and then on October 27 2015 I drove my
car and I moved here to Los Angeles I'm
not gonna talk about that too much
in this vlog because this is going up
today but in tomorrow's vlog which is
gonna show you what I do today that's
where I kind of go over how that moving
here and taking that leap of faith here
to Los Angeles change my life now I
always say this changed my life that
changed my life but the biggest factor
in my life changing over the past year
was definitely being in Los Angeles and
I'm just gonna focus on this and this is
gonna be the vlog because I came home
first of all shout out to fire kicks
shadow Tom it because he actually
dropped this off if you guys didn't know
we share a peel box to myself othman and
hua ji we all have the same peel box so
make sure you guys send them some stuff
to show him some love he dropped us off
while I was back home in the Bay Area
and he said yo I had to pick it up
because it was overdue this is what I
come home to are you guys kidding me you
guys showed me so much love this is like
the first official pickup of the peel
box we did a mini pickup last week where
I just showed like three or four items
but this is tons of stuff so what we're
gonna do for today's vlog is I'm gonna
literally unbox all of this stuff and I
would like to introduce you guys and
welcome you guys to the first ever
edition of
Kru mail here we go fruit snacks first
package right here a little glass inside
it says right here this is from asif ali
now one thing that's gonna always happen
on these crew mail videos is that i'm
gonna get a lot of names wrong i really
suck at reading names i'm gonna butcher
a lot of names so apologies ahead of
time i really hope somebody sent me a
new knife yeah my name is asif and I've
been watching kooky since day one anyway
I know that your favorite Jordan is the
Jordan 12 so I drew them I love Thank
You Asif I really appreciate it geek
lndeed calm we've got a Nike Redbox geek
el NDTV happy belated birthday from the
UK fam you just hooked me up with my
first pair of haraki's I don't have any
haraki's I think they are a size 11
which is a little big but I'm gonna try
them on lucky duck these are red
Octobers for a minute because this is
the whole this is the red october box
but no nobody sent me red Octobers
alright here we go we got something from
max Jarvis check them out y'all this is
actually really dope this is like
something I would buy from PacSun it is
just freakin very simple and dope design
dead-honest I would wear this I'm gonna
wear this I like this a lot elevate and
create one thing I told you guys last
week is if I don't like something I'm
not gonna pretend I like it that's cuz
somebody sent it to me and I'm talking
about from brands not from you guys
elevating create elevate and create this
t-shirt right here two very simple dope
t-shirts I like the color of this one
this is from Charlotte rich Charlotte
Richie shot and they gave me the best
postage stamps ever did I see this
Batman they sent me this first of all
this Polaroid shut up to them this is
from two of your 13 year old fans
Jonathan and Charlotte wore my moon
rocks in DC this one is sick and then
Jonathan also sent me a picture of my
ovios that are in my red leather BMW
seats with this seat belt on this one is
so beautiful this is so dope that this
is this is safe Thank You Jonathan so
appreciate you guys Jonathan and
Charlotte thank you guys
Shirley Charlize Sabathia kai I suck at
reading names very simple dope design
this is definitely a size large so this
is not gonna fit me because it looks
be released slim he also sent me a nice
hat with a little oh wait oh this is
though I like this a lot very simple a
little bit yeah let's open some letters
from cold can't hold pens he gets a
crazy man Cole sent me a Yeezy dollar
bill Kanye West is on the dollar bill is
this a real dollar this is an actual
real dollar and they just put like
Kanye's picture on there you see that
Rochelle this is from Rochelle oh these
are what I'm gonna shout them off for
sure check this out Kanye stickers Jesus
label sticker just in there my favorite
you got the Kanye Madison Square Garden
Fashion Show oh this is sick i'ma put
this on my laptop
Alonzo this is from Alonzo from Barstow
California yo he sent me all these
vintage Star Wars cards I think I'm
gonna share some of these with Harris
tons of letters another drawing that's
from Kings underscore 10 Apollo vision
from all of us here at Apollo vision
we'd like to say much of Education oh
this is dope I like this very simple
very simple simple t-shirt see this is
very wearable because it's just got like
this arrow on here and it's just all
black long-sleeve this is Apollo vision
on the sleeve so again very simple very
wearable I like this a lot Street
knowledge Co eventually I will not be
actually showing you every single thing
we're here to hopefully redeem ourselves
hopefully like with these tees oh and
thank you for your honesty oh yeah they
sent me something last time I said I
really didn't I wouldn't wear it
I said I'd wear one of them I really
like this t-shirt right here this is
sick simple dope I love like this this
is very very dope by infi and I don't
know how I'm saying it here's a small
gift pack including the sound dope and
before I show you I'm just gonna promote
them again so okay this is the uber
everywhere hat I probably would not wear
this one because the logo is really big
for me here we got this oh oh my god
that next one is six Jesus okay but wait
a minute look at this one college
dropout this is freaking hard I'm really
not into hats having big designs but
when you got this thing on here that's
so sick look at this this one is pretty
cool too
they gave me two of these baby blue and
I'll give one of these to Harris he'll
probably rock
I mean bros got souls oh I remember this
whole knee okay yeah we met this guy in
uh in Houston I believe is this Houston
right in the black t-shirt and then the
other homie in the white t-shirt we met
these guys they actually told us about
this and they told us about their
YouTube channel definitely gonna be
rocking this because I'd love to support
people who support me so check this out
and says bros got souls and on the back
it says sneakers friendship grind
there's a t-shirt that I wear with like
basketball shorts when I'm just going to
the grocery store if I'm just going on a
target run matter --have or was aya from
indigo it's hard to read this I'm just
gonna show the shirt okay right here it
says I feel like indigo this is that
easy font I really like the color of
this t-shirt to be honest with you guys
Omar from M word shout out to Mason been
a viewer since 10k I meant is I met you
at sneaker Con in Chicago anyways I sent
you some dope shoes hope you like them
thank you for the shoes they are fake a
thousand percent fake I hope you knew
that they were fake and they are worn
so hopefully you didn't pay too much for
these but probably gonna throw them away
does that mean is that up I feel
bad for going away because he sent them
to me but I know it's a sticky situation
that sounded like such a dick thing to
say but I guess a sneaker head you can't
yeah okay this is Spira see what's up
guys finally getting able to send you
submerge they sent me this hat that says
conspiracy on the back and on the front
just as says LA again a very wearable
dad hat Paisley King's Paisley King's
thanks for opening the package we at
Paisley Kings created a custom bandanas
you guys on 15% off diplomates bandana
this is do hello this is from Roberto oh
my name's my name but it's like in the
views type of font with that with the
eyes and it says ovo on there you are my
favorite youtuber man I also customize
and restore kicks so I just want to send
you these ovo slippers that I made for
you my instagram is red underscore
customs if you would like to see some of
my work oh this is dope check these out
is ovo inspired slides
you've got the owl and the six on the
side is a really good job and then check
this out my name is on the side right
there so yeah shout out to red
underscore customs appreciate the
slippers that's so dope Kenny from
Florida it's your boy Kenny from the 305
Miami and then he said a huge shout out
to fire kicks watch us swaggy Diddy Mina
from the crew family gummy bears a GoPro
sticker to Target gift card some laces
some go Oh sick these are the GoPro
lock-ins whatever they're called but
these are colored ones and a clear one
this is though I think I know what this
is and I'm gonna wait I'm hoping that
lasts nike elite socks so this is gonna
be my new unboxing knife so I finally
got one overall color so I'm gonna cut
my finger off how do you close it
alright guys finally one year later we
finally get a knife guys keep up the
hard work my brother and I love your
videos and watch you everyday Creed
immortals so shout out to Creed immortal
we got this one right here this one
right here check this out stitched I'll
probably wear this one like under my
hoodie and just let the stripes poke out
a little bit this black one I probably
wouldn't wear to be honest with you but
this one I'm rocking with it I'm just
gonna say the people's names shout-out
to Nicky and his YouTube channel is Sol
TV and he drew 750 s is this what I
think it is Logan and I've been watching
you daily on the tube I went to
Wrestlemania here at the Cowboys Stadium
I got one of these Shane McMahon bills
you're a big arrow WWE fan than me at
WrestleMania xxx - Shane McMahon came
back and he wrestled the Undertaker in a
Hell in a Cell and when he came back you
know his theme song is here comes the
money they threw these from the rafters
and he gave me one this is the Shane
McMahon bill from the freaking
WrestleMania xxx
this is so sick man Wrestlemania right
there on the back yo did you guys are
amazing man you guys oh dude this is so
dope check out this consult on he sent
me this custom black and red armband
appreciate it Victor this is from Victor
how's it going dream coup my name is
Victor and I'm from a great city of
Houston Texas I'm a big fan of watching
videos and these are the world's hottest
peppers I'm not I'm sorry I can't can't
even eat hot cheetos without freaking
burning my mouth I'm I love you thank
you so much for not doing this and I
can't do it I can't do it shoutout to
Luke he just sent me a very long letter
I would definitely go through this and
read this
shoutout to Ahmed he is ten years old
he's a sneaker head and he lives in
Colorado appreciate it got one last one
right here from Jason Lee and st. Louis
I didn't think opening up so many boxes
would get you so drained but I'm really
tired after this but the good work and
let's just say oh so yeah man dude
honestly I appreciate you guys so much
this is way more than I expected for the
first crew mail unboxing there was a lot
of dope stuff these letters that you
guys write me and tell me how much you
appreciate the work and the vlogs this
is what keeps me going so I appreciate
it thank you for all the free goodies as
well it's been a super hectic day
tomorrow there will be a very dope vlog
Thank You Man thank you guys it's been
one year since I moved to LA we'll get
more into that and tomorrow's vlog like
I said but it's got a lot of work to do
that I'm back to LA so got a lot of work
to put in let's just say 2015 the first
year in LA that was the first wave now
it's time for the second wave when you
look at the ocean the waves never stop
