after two long weeks I am finally back
in LA for 48 hours I was expecting more
packages but this is what I came home to
I pretty much know what all of these
things are pablote or merch we got this
tee right here
comment down below if you know a show
that is and you can find out where this
came from
we got the Hat right here Jim Kay shirt
my favorite Pablo hoodie tour which I'm
going to the LA show tonight so that's
the reason why I came back family by the
way this one right here I don't know if
I could show you guys it am I the only
person who cares about this freaking pen
my box opener yes somehow when I went to
go find this I found for me bears tree
right here the sample hats for three
hats that are coming out I can't show
you two of them but I can show you one
of them the two that I'm not showing you
guys or I can't show you right now are
peer fire and we've been working on the
design for these hats for six months now
which is ridiculous but I can't show you
this one this is the camo hat that will
be available at sneaker Con New York
City I feel like a high beast dad cap
dream crew on the back and the sample
passes god I wish I could show you guys
these other two hats these are freaking
dope as hell I got some advice when it
comes to the palette or is there's the
law the lines for merchandise is like
ridiculously long there's no resale on
it at the moment because it's still
available City the city they're still
shows left so my suggestion to you guys
is pay 10 15 bucks over retail and just
buy it on eBay I mean make sure you're
buying the real deal but buy it off eBay
there's no point of waiting in those
long ass line spare an extra 10 bucks
which some people it's a lot of money
but if you're trying to just sit down
and enjoy the show and not worry about
carrying around merch the whole night or
worry about standing in a longest line
just pay next to a few dollars and get
it off eBay they're not going for that
much more than then face value to be
honest with you guys I think this is a
package from champ sports but I'm not
sure this is actually from underarm in
my bad it's the reason why I thought
these were from champs was because they
sent everybody those black and white
Jordan threes but I guess I didn't make
the list supposed to be shipped to my
house back home in the bay and I was
supposed to wear them to that curry
event but things got confusing and they
accidentally shipped up to here and I
didn't get them but now they were here
when I came but this is a size 10 it is
the camel curry trees which I believe
actually come out today if I'm not
mistaken another one basically I've been
in LA for less than two hours I get a
phone call my sisters in the hospital
and she's gonna have the baby in a few
hours I mean I'm not mad but it's just
crazy because I've been waiting you've
been waiting since last Friday for this
to happen the one day that I come back
to LA it happens which is freaking
insane so now I'm gonna miss the Kanye
concert which I don't care about it's
not about the Connie concert it's just
the fact that it can happen any second
now and I might miss it so I had to book
the earliest flight which leaves at
12:55 it's really crazy how everything
works
like literally literally I was like okay
the baby hasn't came yet if I go for one
day right when I leave but I when I get
to my apartment I get the text so this
literally just came right here and I am
now super well I mean I was already
excited but now I get to take this with
me
look guys I do draw see you in a few
days and I'll clean you up oh this is
crucial
I miss my Gucci flip-flops where you
went all the way in the sea for their
preparation
here's a little lax or basically any
airport like act departures is usually
really crowded so always get dropped off
at arrivals and then just take the
escalator up it's the same thing and
it's way quicker
back in Oakland feels like that was you
just yesterday
oh wait if you guys notice I have
already been droning lately Rin this
thing was announced I lost all desire to
carry that huge drone around look how
small this is and this is not one of
those cheap bass drums that they have
that like sharper image or whatever
those stores are called this is the same
brand as my old drone but it's the size
of a sneaker that's a great comparison
honestly cuz it's a stinker flock chant
know whatever you want to call it the
DJI Mavic this John was actually
supposed to be delivered on Wednesday
and literally right before I left it
came let's talk about perfect timing oh
my god it kind of looks like my drone is
dirty look at that this is a controller
charge cables this little thing is the
drone that is the camera of the drone
because small this is this is literally
the size of a pair of sneakers
Easy's Mavic 4k drone the easy is
actually bigger than the drone amazing I
could almost put this inside of easy
unfold the front arms forward unfold the
rear arms backwards Oh pull down that is
the drone right there you guys are
probably wondering why I'm not rushing
to the hospital because I was told by my
brother-in-law too that we have a few
hours so I'm just waiting for that text
from him to be like y'all come through
there's like an hour left or whatever I
don't know it's like a countdown I don't
know how this works so I'm gonna
charge this thing up and we're gonna
test it out and five four three two
hello it is kind of windy out but it's
not raining so I should be fine I have
to name the drone I named it crew drone
it's working
okay here we go test one
I don't know why I'm scared
super accurate right
like sensitive
we call quick distance right
right and I've actually my junior high -
junior High's hobby sir can take that
for some of the shots might have been
blurry because I just realized you gotta
tap to focus on the screen
ever do them so this is so sick man if
you were thinking about buying a drone
this is the one to buy so dope did you
see my Cruces in sandals on there and
this what I was talking about that my
drone is dirty like that's how it looked
it works fine so my little dilemma with
the Kanye concert I had VIP tickets
which again you early access into the
venue to purchase merch and I don't know
get a good spot in the pit which is
impossible because people Marsh and push
you around but anyway so I didn't know
what I was gonna do with my tickets and
then luckily when I was driving from the
airport to here
I got a FaceTime call from Justin Justin
Escalona which you guys have seen me
hang out with before he was just
checking up on me and I was like yo I
got these tickets he's like yo I'm going
tomorrow's like all right well you want
these you go two days in a row and he's
like all right so uh shout out to Justin
he's currently there right now but
here's the thing is as I went on Twitter
people tweeted me a picture of the merch
stand and LA has like five or six
exclusive items and that's where I was
like damn it I need that so I was like
yo I need you to pick me these up so
shout out to Justin he actually got me I
think two or three of the shirts I
really appreciate him and hope you had a
great time at the show
you know yeah
