such a thought well if you say I live in
LA but the bay adopted
so I'm in the bay area still fire Kings
left to LA I've been driving around my
sister's old car and one thing I always
forget when I'm driving this thing is
that it has manual lights front lights I
forgot to turn them off last night so
the battery died this morning when I
came to turn it on so my dad had to come
jumpstart the car and now it's rolling
again I'm gonna go eat with him now and
yeah I just wanted to turn the camera on
not just to tell you guys that but to
also oh man traffic I feel like I'm in
LA yesterday's vlog so in yesterday's
vlog I accidentally said just got back
from the Drake concert instead of saying
just got back from the Conny concert and
apparently that was the biggest deal in
the world and everybody went crazy see
this I have no problem with YouTube
comments there's a lot of good comments
there's a lot of positive comments but
there's also a lot of stupid comments
I'm fine with hate comments and positive
comments but stupid comments pissed me
off because you just watched a 10-minute
vault a 10 minute vlog which I'm hoping
you guys enjoyed because you watched in
your subscriber but out of the 10
minutes that you watched that point that
one second where I said Drake instead of
Kanye that's what you got a comment on
that's not even something that you could
be negative about but since there was a
lot of other good stuff that you didn't
comment on but you chose to go with
something that was a mistake and comment
on that that tells me that you're a
negative person because you're not
willing to compliment you're willing to
pick out the flaws so for everybody that
called me out on that
yes you were right I did say Drake when
I should have said Kanye but there was a
lot of other stuff that you could have
commented on like the first or second
person that commented that cool I saw it
and that's how I know I made a mistake
but when 50 people are freaking
commenting it at the end of the day you
guys do show your support and I love you
guys no matter what so thank you for
tuning in and
I read there I'd rather guy I'd rather
have you guys comment anything rather
than nothing so thank you
they'll get all this traffic man I feel
like I'm in LA no no I don't need three
sizes I house I defeated
I told my dad I wanted to go to Costco
to buy a new luggage because my last one
broke and he suggested we come to
Burlington Coat Factory he wouldn't even
let me go like I was like no I want to
go to Costco is like no come here you
find a good deal so you got to come here
and see what they have you guys I really
like these pants shoutout to PacSun man
this is not a paid sponsorship I just
like packs and stuff
show me keifa
hi peace pods to the fam all of a sudden
fam
what's up Benji okay Oh what's up fam
yeah yeah got the Pablo shirt you got
last night Saturday Saturday how was it
good it's good my niece isn't even born
yet and she already got the true blues
unreleased y'all I can't say where we
got these from I can't say where they
came from because I don't want to get
the guy in trouble but let's just say
team early no night year on the back
though come on fam you guys got to give
the babies Nike Air Jordan Brand hey did
you authorize running man ladies first
all right guys so obviously I'm with
Harris right now Jay King
let's just say NBA season starts
tomorrow ever says Kobe left I'm like
I'm just gonna stay good and stay back
to back to rings your wedding ring
you're getting another one wait he's
getting the board's alright guys so I'm
currently packing cuz I'm leaving the
bay in about three hours but I have a
little announcement so as you guys know
I talked about merch earlier right
Harris is still here but it's like this
well past his curfew but you know I want
to do something special for New York I
did something special for DC basically
you know merch has always been something
that I've always found what are you
doing fam I like to release merch that's
just available for that event and the
reason for that is I want people to have
something special to look back at like
yo I got this at this event you know I'm
saying so that's why you only see the
camo T's at select events you only see
the black and red ones that select
events even though we released those
online so for New York I'm creating the
first ever dream crew hoodie which I'm
really excited about and then I'm also
releasing a t-shirt and I'm also
releasing these camo hats right here
which I showed you guys pictures of they
will be available both days depending on
whether or not they sell out so if they
do sell out on the first day then they
won't be available on the second day we
roll it really just depends like there's
more t-shirts than there is hoodies
there's less camo hats than there is
black and red hats like it there's
different factors to it yeah man all I
can suggest is if you are coming
Saturday you know just come try to get
your merch as soon as possible so you
can get whatever you want now back to
doing something special for New York
City so this is what I'm gonna do Harris
doesn't even know this so in DC I did a
raffle and I gave away the Stan's box so
for New York sneaker Con on day one
everybody who buys a piece of clothing
whether it's a t-shirt a hat a hoodie
for every item you buy you get one
raffle ticket so if you buy two shirts
you get two raffle tickets if you buy
one of everything and get one for
anything wonderful take raffle ticket so
at the end of the day maybe like an hour
before sneaker con ends we're gonna draw
a raffle ticket and you know what the
winners gonna get it's only right that
it be some easy easy 7
easy 350 v2 is baby so we are actually
giving a pair of Yeezys away at sneaker
con New York anybody who buy something
at sneaker con New York on the first day
will be entered to win these Easy's and
they were we're gonna give him away at
the end of the day on Saturday so it
could be you it could be you it's not
rigged over here G look this isn't swags
DMS
