good morning good afternoon good day we
are in the beautiful bay area still we
are at the park yo we got swagger did he
drop in 100 vents off the bat fire ain't
the only thing that makes you burn you
talking about fire you got to bring this
fan I bring up the k reseller cuff yo
chick guys we're at the park right now
cuz it's a my cousin's daughter's
birthday Mila I'm gonna probably get
cussed out for leaving my cousin's
engagement early yesterday but you know
it's good because there's a jumper here
so your boys about to be into that
bouncy house with the GoPro Hero 5 life
you know I'm saying they're already
bugging me and I don't care how old you
are bouncy houses are fun
and then they just showed me walking
around the city and doing stuff like
with the sneakers on and okay I'm pretty
sure that fire kicks is having more fun
than any kid at this birthday party
because this was getting a tattoo
from the face paint lady oh god what is
that and II have to say another one
comes through style getting to you yeah
like 40 minutes no I haven't been like
time for like talking instant if we
showed up guys finally do it you know
that new dance the juju on the beat do
water go to flip that
hey kids these days man I can't I can't
tie it he's fat only come for the food
and snakes gee sometimes you got snakes
in your own yard you don't even know it
this snakes still getting tattoos over
here I'm living in so after 18 hours he
finally got his tattoo her let's just
say five cakes your girl's favorite
reseller I'm gonna get down on the bed
let's just say I couldn't do it all in
one session so coming soon I can't here
we observe how someone is natural
habitat
you trying to get a football game going
right now but you know it's really hard
because there's so many people and you
know one gets the fact that they all get
distracted
Hey
two-hand touch whoever's on the inside
here close okay
they need a touchup they need a
touchdown I got two with the GoPro
there you go I look hella fat on the
field but you know your boy came through
two touchdowns game-winning touchdown
dream crew takes the W Noelle's today
whoa that was fun man hello people
oh yeah it starts at 9:30 though that's
what the last night that's rather funny
nobody there's no release
there's openers let's go alright guys so
we just got to Oracle Arena I didn't
tell you guys but we are coming to watch
Kanye the Pablo tour this is the first
time that I'm going I've waited over a
month to go to this damn show man even
though I have merch this is the first
time that I'm going we're also going to
the LA show but we've all have a good
time and the crews here back home and
the bay baby don't think I wasn't gonna
come man I saw all you guys as tweets
asking I just didn't say anything but we
here now know it is to turn in this
building the merch lines are way too
long but let me tell you guys something
man let me tell you guys something we
are going ham tonight we are not
stopping you should be jumping all night
long baby all night long we gonna be on
our feet baby I'm not gonna be doing
this thing I never I never been to a
comedy show my crisis hyping it up
brother you the best - you went to drink
a couple weeks ago Victor Drake was
phenomenal Kanye is phenomenal
but Kanye he gets you in the zone you
jump
have you watched Kanye oh yeah anyway
you know what you haven't seen this
Kanye that was to glow this is a real
shit have you seen Kanye realize no
perform
okay USA it away okay
one day you're a taxi of the memory
class he took us to the Santa Monica
great
to Edgar and sister Joe all of a sudden
where's your voice at best all right
guys so check this out we just got done
from the Drake concert shout out to
everybody who showed love and service up
to us at the concert you guys know the
gentleman I shout out to the homies over
at sea geek for hooking me up with these
tickets again us with this tickets if
you guys don't know what see geek is
it's like the number one place to buy
tickets you don't have to go searching
through a million website you just go to
see geek calm or use the C key cap you
know I'm a link it in the description
box down below I've seen every Kanye
tour except Watch the Throne because
yeah I wash my I ruptured my eardrum but
basically it was a dope show this was
not the best the visuals were dope the
the the setup was dope I obviously I
didn't like the floating stage at first
from pictures but I have to admit the
floating stage was dope and because of
the floating stage we got to see him
closer we chose not to do the pit we
chose not to sit super low we wanted to
be angled exactly with the stage and I
think our seats were pretty pretty good
as far as that and I mean it just wasn't
my favorite Kanye tour and we're gonna
obviously we go into a la show in a few
days so we will be back but it was super
short as well I think he was only on for
an hour and a half other tours he's on
there for like two and a half hours or
something like that so still he killed
it that's it for today's vlog man I'm
dead tired from football and everything
five kicks see last night in the bay
damn you're born in LA but sometimes
it's alright so nobody is better hope
you feel that peace
see your heart you got no one to play
