I'll put a little key notice people who
think that it's you know I'm on that
high key now you know I'm saying well
yeah we yet I'm a high peace and I'm
proud of it
you're proud of there's some things in
this world that people just you know you
just do it you just do it you just do it
did I just buy these hands just by these
vids
no no cuff features my ears
oh three years did I just buy these
vans did you use by those very I think I
was wearing these at Coachella 2015 15
let's just say worn-out did you just buy
these 19 like that there was a washed-up
color I'm sorry I forgot it hey what's
up my feet did I just buy these vans
about those bands London do you mean
doesn't for these are new let's just say
you always done a night yeah I saw a
little bit of a different vibe today I'm
shooting at 60 frames per second on the
AVD which I've never done this thing
just they didn't have that on my last
camera slow-mo stuff does if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog what G came guys
right now we're acting like friends this
all up front cuz he's still a snake like
look snake PNG emoji right here G I'll
tell you guys right now how they gonna
trade me and boobie you know what he did
he gave me a boot today it's in the
Trani said yeah because I'm booting you
off the dreams my mood brothers win MVP
and then they get split up for New York
City sneaker color wash that managed to
say they they don't learn today oh
we gonna learn today learn today New
York sneaking on November 15 six the
basketball game will be on the sixth and
it will be the dream crew versus the
sneaker con all-stars wide you will be
leading the sneaker calling all-stars
with Mike and a few of you to add ugh
you to W cuz watch us one thing y'all
take on now
Ren and Stimpy in the front over here
alright guys so we just pulled up to
University Avenue which is in Palo Alto
it's like this little mini shopping
center by Stanford University you know
we very colorful today we look like
ketchup and mustard ketchup and mustard
in the building he's got the orange
streak like a construction cone let's
just say let's just say my ratio vibes
up an independent your vibe seems off
today you good G let's just say it's
been a long war I'm in sleeps next to me
on the bed it's like I wake up this was
trying to footsies with me you guys you
guys know somebody did comment it's
messed up you guys never hang out with
yg school brought on a weekend I
couldn't have gotten invited up a much I
was gonna come I'm it came out the cut
look at this industry taking pictures
there now side jaw hit the no stop
you got your raincoat on I see it's
raining here now
oh all right guys top of the more you
guys brooby died man
Christ is shown us him Stanford good
vibes except that Trump campaign over
there yeah so we got to Stanford and I
was taking some video and I was messing
around the camera fell out of my hand
and the disc I broke my camera well I
broke the line' so i just need to go buy
a new lens but yeah this lens is done so
rest in peace
but I'm gonna go get one today cuz I
need one for this in the car
stabilization stabilization 4k
so first off I know I look like a valet
worker but anyway there's an episode of
Boy Meets World where Cory Matthews has
to be at two places at once dude what's
wrong with these Finn shoulders in that
episode Cory has to be at his girlfriend
topanga's birthday party and he has to
be at a wrestling match with his best
friend
well not his best friend what a friend
of his was wants him ringside with them
watch the episode basically he has to be
at two places at once and he goes back
and forth and tries to pull it off
basically that's what I have to do today
I have to be two places at once but but
instead of going back and forth I'm just
gonna go to the engagement first and
then after I'm gonna go to San Francisco
for the launch of the curry 3 I got
invited by the good people at Under
Armour all right we'll see you guys at
the engagement guys I'm taking so many
else today but we got Arvind in here so
I'm a valet for tonight so you guys I'm
gonna just park your car let me know and
I also work at Staples Center security
so section 104 section 109 all right
guys so this this is called what is it
called sentry house yeah this is the
go-to spot for any Afghans who want to
have their engagement parties but this
is something I've never seen before we
got a Starbucks in here guys we got the
M&S starbucks with doughnuts so we just
happen to my diet let's just unwrap
these five kicks died but it was a hot
family 108 money-back guarantee so pay
up
all right guys we gotta leave soon they
came out so that was a good thing your
first step getting really party not army
it's time to go though you ready to go
oh it's headed back again you broke like
alright guys so we just got to the city
oh look who's here hold on look who's
here she's been missing for a minute but
we found her in San Francisco love to
say that's my heart in time I found my
heart in San Francisco be super industry
today even calling Q oh nice to meet you
q Nelly's w-who are you invited by oh oh
geez
James James James James over at
corporate or Howard corporate has a head
office Jolly Ranchers Jolly Ranchers
alright guys so we're inside right now
they got a whole bunch of displays going
on finger foods and all that stuff look
at this
Oh
everyone's getting cut out everyday so
when you get cut off you a family hook
the kid up I got hold on this we got to
go in the light real quick I got my pair
right here these are the camo oh this
one's way dark on this side oh it's in
Yahoo the outside is blocking in so it's
Janice you go put these in the car and
then we're gonna head back in and we'll
cost much stuff already
I did he's a very nice guy I tapped him
and not happened like that hello God we
gotta go
and this is my pair of curly threes I
guess so about to call it a night I had
a really good time tonight you know
shout out to Under Armour for inviting
us Saturday armor for inviting us to my
first sneaker event and you know we had
a great time it was dope you know the
only complaint I have I'm not here to
bash Under Armour obviously you know
they invited us but I just wanted to
kind of you know the club vibe is cool
it's cool and all that I understand it
but I want to be able to take you guys
and show you guys more about the
sneakers so I kind of wish we were
invited to the press part of the event
which I believe was earlier in the day
where it was Steph Curry kind of talking
about the shoe cuz that's the type of
content that I know that you guys watch
for you guys don't really care about
seeing what's going on to the club and
there's not too much stuff I can show
you it wasn't really a club it was just
like a party but it had the club vibe to
it so there's not too much I can vlog
out there or even talk in that buildings
hopefully you know I started getting
invited to the actual sneaker
information whatever you want to call it
part of the event so that I can get a
little bit more content for you guys and
learn a little bit more about the shoe
and the products that I'm promoting
rather than just you know going to
parties and things like that so again we
still had a good time again shout out to
Under Armour because they showed mad
love and you know I got I went home with
a pair of the Curry's so yeah man that's
it stains yeah stay industry always
industry Kanye had a concert tonight in
Oakland obviously I'm in the bay but I
didn't go so we might be going tomorrow
though we might be going because he has
another show in Oakland so we might show
up to that we might pull up to that I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another vlog
and I'm out of here let's just say
family
10,000 thumbs up and I'll give away the
boy geez watch it's real good
