what's going on everybody so we're
starting the day off at my family
restaurant it is a tradition for us to
come back here
beef and chicken kebab no rice I'm not
gonna eat the bread let's just say
watching the calories getting ready for
sneaker con New York barking I got that
adopt brown rice you know that's healthy
as well you gave my cars in somehow
love it okay so we're now at newpark
mall which is like the local mall that's
really shit but they're remodeling it so
it kind of looks decent now but you know
back when I was younger me and my
friends used to come to the mall just to
hang out and not even buy anything we've
come here and we'd play a game where we
would try to see who knows the most
people who can get the most handshakes
so literally would come here for like
two hours and just walk around until we
solve people then when we leave we try
to get like one last hand shaking and we
end up shaking around in persons hand
and acting like we knew them but we
really didn't I'm it has literally tried
on four different black t-shirts fan
what is this the black t-shirt G have
all have different fits to it I guess
you can go in the room with you no just
kidding no no I like not n shit well you
need to be killed yeah
I'm glad we're not going down let's just
say no more exercise
so the homie over a finish line just
showed us the true blue 3's that come
out next month I only saw the kids size
but I don't like threes I mean it's not
that I hate them but I don't really wear
them but I might have to cut those let's
just say what's resale fam a lot of the
grease is gonna be higher we're getting
on Jordans are not us fire kicks knows
y'all fire kicks now so you gotta advice
cop to cop to wear a cop Teresa no no
cop to wear don't copy resell be more of
a hectic to resell I wouldn't do it
don't do it your fire kicks knows your
girl's favorite reseller nothing before
the rides that like the roller coaster
one yeah was like is Top Gun open or is
it still called talking skull like
Eagles a top-flight top five top five
top up that's the first room so to
everyone to know we're going on first
let's not see my coat I'm winter white
horse so hit the lines like a deal
alright guys so oh yeah tonight's
schedule is that we are here at great
america in milk business no peanuts no
Santa Clara I succumb to great america
all the time when I was a younger kid I
haven't been here in like four years but
they got this Halloween thing for
October going on i'm here with fire
cakes with my little cousins right here
not so little troublemaking high school
cousins going through puberty you got
through puberty yet or no powers ram oh
oh you're in college yeah
alright guys so the first thing I want
to go on is top flight which used to be
called Top Gun it's a really the first
roller coaster I ever went off so we're
gonna go to that first and then to do
some of the vases and we got the front
of the line pass so I heard about that
actually yeah so we're going to our
first maze right here swag is that you
you know car see the keymaster I can't
get away from it
whoa
Oh
oh my god you gotta everybody brah I
need that footage but these fools
stepped all over my feet and everybody
fell my toes feel like they're bleeding
right now we'll check what happened
later today but this takes pretty fun
Mandy is the first 1i feels like this is
the scariest haunted house here but
there's like 11 of them so we've only
been through like four of them so
they're saying this one right here which
is the corn maze is the funnest
oh my god like I know that you know I
mean cut out biking oh my god favorito
oh yeah oh my favor money into hail oh
my god I take my chicken chats up here's
the money ball for two I Walsh I trinket
old striker all right gold strike that
we just waited like an hour in line
because these guys say it's worth it
we'll see just not worth it all right
let's see if it's worth it did you break
with your boys what he doing
ah I told you I got my shoe I told you
telephone oh funny though I almost lost
my camera like 75 from dead I'm dead
brah we are in our last haunted house
haunted mansion for the night
like a Mexican oh alright guys so we are
done with great america and now it is
time for us to eat and we've come to a
place I really don't like that much but
it's alright because it's something that
everybody can agree on so we're getting
some right you know it's how look look
it up
alright guys so we're eating it in and
out and I don't know what what's going
on but this freaking Banana pulls up
behind us heard about the actually I
haven't heard about that actually would
I don't know what he's doing here I love
you for that did you got a safe in
shutouts shutouts Michelle my boys sick
sightings all over all of a server guys
you guys are wilder all here but no one
this is exactly always stay true to a
city you coming with your mouth shut all
money Cara ever since on you gave
something great but we went rock videos
no I do appreciate you guys yeah i'm
officer its back on us Oh y'all y'all go
home safe well look who just ran up
looking like you like you like it when I
was sharing from the team got no invite
my team I got lost in them rotten by
myself first stop saying I got change
booty buddies all good i'm looking for a
vent cover if I care with you I can oh
yeah I'm safe I said everything you know
