hi guys I'm Loki nervous guys I haven't
seen uh yeah yeah we're yeah we're yet
Oh
everybody gets eyes sometimes you know
I've been
full of hey bud oh yeah
industry what I don't know how to open
the chart look who came to so industry
that this ug this is a wait a minute I'm
gonna say too long without you so gotta
come back to the now I know you guys are
not gonna believe me but today
officially marks the a new start in my
life because the diet is officially back
on I took a hiatus after Atlanta but New
York's coming up and just last night we
booked our ticket for where Dubai shout
out money kicks we'll see you soon fam
we got the egg and cheese omelet right
now it's food got pancakes day I've made
me download an app right now we're
counting calorie counting Calgary AB
potatoes are healthy right
no this is five a thousand calories
left after this meal campfire kicks back
in session
yeah is available v2 ready so heads of
his heads you drive tails
Hydra tails
so heads I win tails you lose okay
sabado some of the hit the ground
I hit the ground
yeah do you the flip or no flow right
I win smart mode
I need this quarter gee heads-up good
luck knowing my luck I'm gonna lose so
many 350s they thought it was a thousand
all right guys so it's one of those days
whole squad in this thing now finally
here since special actuals finally man
we even had a time to take a nap because
there took so long to get here family
whose man's is this dropper 100 here do
you never know where you're going until
you actually get in the car damn yak
sounds like you want drop on 100 or do
in a way to say just like the ocean
sometimes you got to wave it up that's
just the way death Kavner measured room
just to talk they stapled we are at
source of premise if we gotta check some
trades and we gotta check a lot of good
things in this life expose you guys know
the drill man no I don't get okay now
I'm just doing some shopping trying to
see what I can pick up these are the
color with the K ultra boost very go
songs let me see how much I get these
funds I got a few other things I'm
getting you know what's the box you guys
get that Kyrie LeBron pack it up here
please size 12 or 11 in half you guys
get it she's in G business moves on what
do you and cliff will say why don't wait
you know we won last time we were no
second to last about here we want so we
won't try the luck again she gonna tell
you I'll go for that gun that's what I
want last time so this is a my children
to be chewed on me my wing down you know
all what if I want to get it I sell the
v2 yes I here was a link you are use
that way
this is him back the been hurting my
back my wrist has been really is oh yeah
really
don't be my back to scrap just say
chiropractor after that dinner look oh
my god II wanna get the over your holy
 man I should say another one I
don't know another one another one let's
take a picture
no Hawk single turn
all right
even he wanted you know very much a he
Channing Tatum J all got to do some
well-to-do
oh good I can't recall me they call me
then
sometimes it's hard to get out of the
car but being fat oh yeah
gosh I can see clearly now the rain is
gone it me as a we should take a
shirtless into it this winter at all
yeah let's just say I was first where I
was first learning this give Harrison
look at my New York I like technology's
gonna vlog his his journey I need you to
blog your journey you got seven so
alright guys so we just got to Valley
Fair Mall and I need to get a few things
I mean I already freaking did a very
that was probably one of my most
successful sneaker shopping experiences
of my life
shout out to Sol supremacy shout out to
all the people that are gonna say that
the keymaster thing was rigged again it
wasn't really a boy just knows how to do
it now but anyway yeah I need to buy
pants for the wedding for the engagement
on Saturday you need something for the
engagement because you're going with me
or my plus one
you know just crew bonding you know what
I'm saying because in New York we're
gonna be split you know I'm saying we
have to announce their officers today in
the vlog too so your Friday yeah no but
this is going up tomorrow so you know
how it goes YouTube life click wait
check please are you by my lips so big
my lips are not that big
oh wow yours is nicer than that babe
if the hell am i doing I look like ROM B
what is it
hey guys alright so we just went ham and
PacSun again I mean I'm not going to
show what I got because you know we like
to leave the element of surprise
disclaimer this is not a paid
sponsorship by PacSun I just really like
there for the people wondering
Kassie nicer tell me tell them your
stats how many Casey vlogs have you
watched in a row Oh over a year for sure
so that's one three over three sixty
five in a row I think that's a lie I
heard about Casey before you or no no I
told you about Casey
I saw Casey from Roman outlets vlog that
one and then I started watching it was
the first one side so I'm on the popular
Channel
yeah I think you did I think useful
things weren't viral yeah so I've been
before like a million subs you know it's
crazy people obviously a lot of my style
is mimicked in inspired by case inspired
number but you know how I always do the
crew TV vlog number thing mmm haven't I
been doing that for years yeah
people say I copied that from him but no
from the beginning since yeah oh there's
another key master in here fam you
already know king of Vannes right here
there's no complaining
king advanced aka your girl's favorite
reseller aka that's also some I buy
another pair you know I got the vagina
hands-on right here but we don't release
it means if I'm sitting down
hold on challenge is giving sitting home
my little brother out there ha ha ha
let's just say possum counts going up
yeah we go first pair really in my house
he's pretty much team courier sorry haha
I tried to get him off to Nike and
LeBron you know with it he do you gotta
go with it he knows what you like sounds
good yeah I'll do that
switch to the rhombus you know back home
it feels good to be with the original
crew right here oh gee oh gee oh gee the
day one the real ones got the chain only
the real ones got the chain on you know
saying but anyway you know we're all
going to New York just the first time so
axe coming to New York it's the first
sneaker Con outside of California that
Harris is going to write and I've been
hyping up New York sneaker cons to them
for them for two years now and we're
finally getting to go all together so
it's gonna be super lit but you know
when we go to these sneaker cons we're
at our booth the whole time so we really
don't get to shop around so maybe you
guys can help us out and bring some of
the stuff we're looking for so me
personally I'm gonna go ahead and list
three sneakers that I'm gonna be looking
for that's the satin Jordan ones that
came out there's like only a 501 pairs
right and they only released in New York
I believe so if anybody has those satin
jordan ones come to my booth
what else there was something else that
I really wanted on you Harris what are
you what are you on the hunt anything
LeBron says 11 through 12 any of the
older ones obviously if you know what I
don't have
I'm looking out for them also banned
ones the new ones that just came out
size 11 I really want to cop those in
New York right bread when I go straight
to the fan bread though people are gonna
be throwing those at you don't rip me
off retail boy I think you could get
those for retail I think somebody will
look you I think somebody will hook you
up for retail so are you sure or you
might win them after we go play mini
golf right now oh okay so I what are you
looking for I've been on the hunt for
this shoe in KY snows for like two years
now
and I can't find a reasonable price so
name it I think I know what it is name
easy to yes easy to preferably the
Platinum's but what is your doesn't
matter would range as in what price yeah
I mean two grand two grand or less I
found one for 1,600 but I passed
size 9 or nine and a half because they
run big right guys so of this plane
we'll put
that's what I'm okay so easy to the next
question
it's like what you rocking on court can
you tell us or no let's just say it
might be more than one shoe damn that's
all over has it for shoes for quarters
what is this and what is this the LeBron
box I know what I'm rocking I'm rocking
some crazy heat for the game knocking
hey what are you gonna tell him when we
get on that Court no when I step on that
court that's when we gonna break next
yeah I won't tell him the last sneaker
con game it was it was more about
performance wise just because we really
wanted to get that W but this times a
little bit more we lay back T are you
gonna announce it right now yeah I'm
gonna announce at the end of this vlog
with the rosters are so gif tokens bro
all the keymaster I might win another
one come on just the team
mother alright guys so we decided to
switch it up from bowling to our second
favorite activity which is mini-golf
which I am two in a row I beat Harriet
so let's just say there's no third
time's the charm
so what's on the line today I'm not a
parent runner ones Jordan one so just
Jordan ones we'll put you know we'll do
breads and then what Jordan wants who I
want
you know the doing that I want I want
the next ones the New York Holloway yes
alright guys here we go minigolf phone
with the crew let's see who gets this w
alright guys so I really didn't have a
start strong strong start
we're on the third course right now on
the third hole I mean and I still I feel
like I can beat this you know Harris
hasn't beat me in two times that we've
played so I might have to give him a
three-peat like Shaq and Kobe so this is
my favorite hole because it's got this
weekend 360 halfpipe let's see if often
can do this I'm probably in a really bad
position if I get hit here I'm done I'm
gonna move let's go boy felt what is
this you come on man are you the man or
the boy
that's what I want to be the s'more that
is what I've wanted I don't listen I go
through obstacles yes oh the belt of
love trackside Angie I thought you were
Jordan but you're just looking like 20
Kukoc fan Sky's doing manually Jay
to
what is it the Chevy yeah like the new
where's once again this let's just save
him you don't win them all wait
Harris snaps the streak he wins I gotta
buy him bread once
so congratulations sheesh I think it
would get I was good game gonna keep
this in can you sign this movies no
success you my guys in a few days
brother my phone 0 you know I saw you
all you guys do you know what
soccer's up like all right guys last
words I don't love pieces chicken grease
oh nice
longevity oh is it ok ladies on the
edges I guess so this is the damage I
did today
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
I'm walking up the stairs that happens
so you know when that happens you do
some some a little some some these right
here
our victim right here obviously the
cheddar ten is gonna get a little bit
dark when it's wet but it will dry off
see that obviously this is going to dry
off in a minute but it's completely gone
with one white it's currently 2:00 a.m.
now I'm about to start editing this vlog
as well those two crew kicks videos so I
missed and upload on Wednesday because I
really just wanted to take a day off but
I decided to do this so obviously today
is perfect Fridays so I had a bonus
video that I wasn't going to use but I
said you know what since I missed a
video this week I'm going to upload two
videos on perfect Fridays tonight so
there will be two videos on crew kicks
today one of them is Kenny's adidas
ultra boost collection and the other one
is his um sneaker music related sneaker
so make sure you guys check those out
they will both be on crew kicks today
there's one last thing I need to do
before ending the vlog and that is
announced a final official 20 man roster
for the New York City sneaker con so 20
men or there's nine 18 men playing and
then there's two people coaching so let
me go ahead and pull the list out so I
can announce that for you is the
official fire with all the 19 players
and the two coaches and playing with me
on my team is the following people
myself I met aka fire kicks jock slay
aka Cousteau Tony to wild 20 D to wild
the homie slim slim a vacation swagger
mother-effing Diddy
David got cakes named bran and the real
ray ray 20 that is the team dream crew
oh by the way our head coach is none
other than Benjamin cakes let's just say
when we get that W business is going to
be booming and we are going to be
playing the unknown name right now they
don't have a name comment down below
what you think their name should be team
of yg West Mike aka a sneaker life hair
is Kotak Adam solid Alex aka sneaker
head in the bay for the first time ever
we got a video gamer in
their cash nasty gaming the og Hess
kicks bola 1rc and last but not least
the thrift god Paul Cantu and they will
be led by their head coach Fulmer
Simpson and that is your 20 man roster I
know there's a lot of people who you
would expect to be in the game from the
last game but we really wanted to switch
things up it's nothing personal against
anyone at all we just didn't want to
have the same matchup since last time we
wanted to throw in some new faces yeah
man I'm super excited for this stay put
for that but that is the official 20 man
roster for the hoops classic
that will be going down November 5th and
6 in New York City and it will be held
on the second day November 6th so make
sure you guys are there but all that
being said I had a great day with my
homies in the bay thank you guys for
watching I got a lot of work to do I
gotta edit three videos and it's already
2:00 a.m. so if I upload late I'm really
sorry thumbs up for the whole crew being
together let me know you guys love when
we're all together maybe I'll come out
here a little bit more you know saying
okay too much talking now that's a lot
us
