what's going on guys so it's currently
742 am on the way to San Francisco it's
bright and early and I'm excited because
today I'm gonna be filming with Under
Armour finish line for the curry 3 and
it's with high sobriety sobriety I don't
wanna see that name somebody's party so
when I talk to them and they're like
alright so we want to get to know you
show what you are about so first of all
I told them okay if we're going back to
me we got to go back to my roots we
can't film in Los Angeles so we
originally we were supposed to film in
Los Angeles so now obviously I'm back
home in the bay we're filming in San
Francisco the second thing is you know
you want to talk about me you got to
talk about the crew so it was only right
that we bring this man alone
sup guys this crew look-alikes just went
up yeah you guys will see as the day
goes how we're gonna do this super
excited to see how it goes and it's
gonna be a long day but should be fun so
yeah let's do it but my phone's duh
make sure you always check signs when
you're in San Francisco it's like La
very tricky we got these I visited the
Under Armour offices back in Baltimore
at the right time because they hooked me
up with the shoes and this jacket right
here so I'm showing up appropriate this
guy on the other hand gives you out like
ten different brands on families are you
gonna get me fired
thanks exposed right now there's makeup
on there daily alright guys so I just
got my makeup done
time to go start filming now so let's do
this
okay so the owners of this Court don't
want us to kind of film here for the
vlogs and stuff but I'm gonna do it
anyway this is the court from the movie
pursuit of happiness and I said we
should shoot here when they asked me
like what locations you want to shoot at
so if you guys remember pursuit of
happiness you see Will Smith and his son
on this court when he kind of like tells
them a little life lesson I forgot what
exactly what he says but I might have to
give Harris one right now Harry Shum
what you gonna do to them in New York
family I don't know if you're on my team
yet but
what are you gonna rock on Court you're
gonna tell me get a little now actually
tell me what you think that's in my
collection that I should wear put in the
comments or tweet it to me think a lot
go guess it but let's just say I think
it's a little Braun I think so too
you go one shot all the stevia con game
is tied at a hundred points you got the
game at two seconds and you lose the
game why did I but I put him on the team
well I put them on the team you can't
make this place yeah okay so we're still
filming so we're in just like apartment
type five that's also like a little
studio why things he's a Bollywood star
now alright guys so we're back on the
streets of San Francisco we are now
shooting at a record store I don't even
know what it's called
right there
although this a yes walk there here's
like a alley right there yeah
strumming dress
shouldn't give me ice cream Finn
I won't
all right next location we are on Geary
Street Gary at my family restaurant we
actually have one in San Francisco we
are filming here because when they ask
me another location they're like where
else do you want to film I said you know
what I said about me is about my family
let's go to the restaurant our guys so
we are rushing to our last location to
film which is Treasure Island yeah we're
trying to get there before the Sun Goes
Down so that we can get that type of
shot and we've been having a really
great day you know I have to turn up
here okay
that's my navigation right now no sirree
and yeah you had a good time a lot of
fun yeah so so seeing all the behind the
scenes and seeing how everything works
it's crazy yeah I think that's really
gonna crop you out though they're only
necessarily using your shoulder shot
alright guys as you guys can see the
beautiful sunset we are ending the day
here on Treasure Island it's been a
fantastic day I want to thank you guys
all for coming and spending your day
with me and watching this vlog and if
you did enjoy you know hit that thumbs
up to have you guys here and experience
it with me was just dope so thank you
guys for coming yeah all right guys
we're here at filming the last scene
ladders alright guys so we just got to
Treasure Island
Ian Harris no you guys gotta see this
view man this view is beautiful here
take a vlog of me check this out we out
here beautiful view San Francisco this
is where we grew up what you gotta say
about the city home base okay and that's
gonna end that time-lapse and you can't
even see me until now
alright fans at the end of the day after
a long shoot
it's been 12 plus hours appreciate you
coming out and if you weren't there I'd
be really bored so I had to do it one
time shoulder chain chain hanging like a
dangle a chain hang oh
I appreciate things a chain let's see on
there as a family I'll see you Thursday
morning looks like this sides on three
you get a surprise guest coming Thursday
huh
just wait and see let's just say there's
gonna be a restock in the Bay Area just
leave it at that
sometimes it'd be so hard but you just
got a hold on oh god I know you wanna
let go I've been there before
