okay see you later
damn no man two weeks is a while it's
just anything as you see in this little
fell cease and consume I make a trip to
San Francisco well honey the girls favor
each other
I see you know to each maybe a week
might be the very name is soon
I must ask you a question though
please don't let it come back for just
wanna Dulles okay
mm cellphone yeah
shut up facts
my upper driver was driving a forty
miles per hour on the way here and he
got me here late so I missed my flight
and my head's pounding so I'm gonna go
get some Advil and it's like 6:30 a.m.
admitted and what costs are at a
different airport leaving him alone but
I decided to get my first ever upgrade
to first class so it's not gonna be a
fancy first class I don't think like
Casey gets but it's my first ever first
classes I just want to sleep comfortably
and I don't want to worry about anything
so
I need it man horny
Oh tired
sweepy hey step through the whole play
as you can tell I caught up on all my
sleep I can't hear at all it's all my
ears I caught up on my sleep I was
knocked out on the plane I'm back home
in the bed she is so
trained in here man what is this
the vibes
laughs let me check in with you looking
for a life
oh by far my favorite way and then
22 back home back home in the bayman
feels good to be home at no it feels
good to not just be home but it feels
good to know that I don't have to wake
up early and sit on a plane for multiple
hours not saying that I don't love
traveling because I love traveling it's
one of the I've realized over the past
year how much I do love traveling and
seeing the world and going to other
cities but when you're traveling 10-hour
flight to London and then a 10-hour
flight back two days later and then a
five-hour flight and then a five-hour
flight back within like three four days
it gets exhausting that's why I upgraded
to that first class today and I was
knocked out but anyway I am back home I
came back home instead of LA because it
was obviously little Ava's birthday
party and I wanted to be here for that
on top of that what are these it's just
random sneakers just seeing in my house
like I don't know my brother-in-law just
gets all this random like these
right here what are these fellow I'm
just a no these are but these are tight
yeah so I came for that and then I also
came because any day now my sister is
due to have her baby so I want to be
here when that happens so let's just say
could be a really big week for myself
and for our family so yeah I'm here back
in my old stomping grounds today's vlog
was honestly very short obviously but I
get to sleep in tomorrow man and I came
so excited about that because it's been
a minute you know whenever I don't have
content and I come back home I just show
you a bunch of sneakers that my
brother-in-law bought like all of those
so yesterday in the vlog I said let me
show you some of my sneaker
purchases but I only showed you these I
didn't show you these so I bought these
Villa nmds super crispy clean I like
them
I bought some easy baby easy and I gave
them to Ava for her birthday party
birthday party for her birthday but
anyway let's go check what we have up
here oh and then I bought these to let
me show you these these are freaking way
but chatot and whoa lighting is too
bright here there we go
but chatter 10 vans are you it is zip on
the back super sexy I like these I don't
know if the colour changes over time
like the Jordan ones do but whatever
probably one of the best Kobe's that's
release in a while so sexy that color
tone oh man
gum bottoms there's nothing special here
honestly maybe I think it's fitting to
talk about this now here in my old room
this room was where I used to sit and
write all my ideas in a paper in a
little notebook and a lot of people
don't know that I've been doing YouTube
since 2007 and I got to the point to
where last year I was like man this
might be my last year I might have to
give up on you know making videos and
filmmaking and all that stuff and and
then I kind of like figured out the
whole sneaker thing and and and put that
into it and it really changed everything
and gave me like a rebirth and changed
my life basically this is a an open
letter to all the sneaker brands all the
ones that mess with me all the ones that
don't mess with me or haven't heard of
me or whatever it may be never in my
wildest dreams what I think I would be
receiving shoes from these guys I'm
still out there buying sneakers from
these same brands I'm still a regular
sneaker head just like you guys like I
still line up I still enter raffles I
still try online because I love the
sneaker culture basically one of my
goals ever since I started the sneaker
content any of us ever since before then
since I've been in sneakers it's it's
the dream have my own shoe like not my
own model but just like a collab I don't
know like you you guys know how collabs
work like for instance like like you
know how they have all these ultra boost
collabs or they have all these Jordan
collabs like Oh vo or Don see my dream
is to be able to have a shoe
and I helped with the design of that
shoe and people know that it's a dream
crew QoP kai so omar inspired or worked
on sneaker so I'm just letting these
brands know that that is one of my goals
the chances of me getting my own
personal collab or whatever it is is
probably something that hasn't even
crossed any companies - giving a
youtuber a sneaker collab YouTube and
the Instagram influencers we are a big
part of this community it's not just
about selling it's about you know the
game and the culture and I think it
would be dope for the brand's to reach
out and and look out for us and help us
do something don't they yet man
hopefully one day we get that clap we
get that sneaker we we get it man and
you know would be dope I know this is
pushing it because it's a couple weeks
away but what if one of these brands was
like y'all we want to make you a special
sneaker just for you to play in for the
second sneaker con hoops classic in New
York I'm just saying it would be dope
and it would turn a lie next and a
waiter would cause a lot of tension that
they were the first brand I'm just
saying I'm just throwing out ideas now
but anyway yeah that's it I'm super
tired I'm out of here man tomorrow is my
first official full day in the Bay Area
and we'll see what happens I don't have
anything planned but that's it hit that
thumbs up let's do the comment down
below and and write why either I do you
do think I deserve a sneaker or you
don't think I deserve a sneaker and
don't just put you don't deserve a
sinker cuz your hype B's you give a dope
you know start a real conversation you
know say don't just try to calm and to
get the top comment you know I mean
