good morning everybody today is October
15 2016
it is sneaker Con in Washington DC it is
currently exactly 11:00 a.m. and sneaker
con starts in one hour these guys are
obviously still sleeping but it's okay
because they can get up in about thirty
minutes and be ready so I'm going to
give them some time I'm going to go down
right now and see what's going on with
the convention and then come back and
get ready so I'm just going to go set up
and make sure our booth and everything
is good and this is a part that I've
really never shown you guys is before
sneaker con I usually just show when I
show up and start but this is kind of
like the not the behind-the-scenes but
the early look so you guys be ready in
30 minutes it's 11 it's 11 21
all right I'm gonna go down and check
what's going on view back I'm into right
whoa shit it's already held a pack but
what's going on it's something maybe
that's good good
so I was expecting this thing to be
empty right now but I guess it's not you
get a joke each other no not today
you're gonna lie on top of that I'm
gonna do
a backflip
got a booger I do ya get it after I
painted the sheet and he went straight
for the middle I'll take it up and Alamo
pass at the same time Oh who's that for
it meets no way there's no place like
home
you may be here customized electrical 11
skin
I want to give my boy Achilles a
shout-out coming here today because he
just graduated tech school from the Air
Force
anything
acutely shout out the whole prep station
right here and this
let's stick with European firm it's got
some fresh Jordans but you know what I'm
thinking I think one second one second I
think this is from you I think it's into
tertiary got black market but is your
murder on my burger I'm a state of
t-shirt right you mark me I'm one of our
old ones what do you think oh yeah do it
you got one in one yeah yeah brand new
fresh out the box freshies bro you know
we did it from you know we did know
what's going on man how you doing shots
of the York on DC event hopefully it's a
good one
you need to borrow those bra they're
great now besides I have to come with me
all right I gotta take a picture with
the IE oh yeah let's do it
we got our first guy in line sir you're
out of line a little bit on this side ha
ha I'm just playing with you
so the offer none of those they hear
those so for the people come they know
that hey you're real one hold on
we take care of the crew fam no else
just chairs I took it on the easy do
they come out on adidas net yeah not yet
right I think I'm going to leave now and
come back because it is currently 12 24
so that will give me enough time to
shower you off anybody asks just let
them know that this is the line
I'll be back brother alright see in a
little bit
good how can I get this jacket fan huh
yes talk to us this shit that's fucking
hard
shut up to these guys with their brain
yeah we do Charlie I'll do lo some some
some I saw that you know
high-pitched Jack I mean shirt on dick
I'll put the target ok so guys we're
gonna go get the i8 right now and we're
going to take a picture with his mags so
we didn't let me borrow his mags and for
that I will link him in the description
box subscribe thank you so all of a
sudden I could lend a lack of moustache
actually yeah what happened there what
happened Ibrahim the I love that I left
the bag that was last year clippers in
here looks like John lost the bat I
actually lost my Clippers anything and
I'm gonna color in it it's getting ok
we're just going to take care of this we
can have a little fun
damn
yes you took a first spin pen
no one is hard to get it out
Oh guys I'm about to trade these for his
Nike max leave your country of the year
let's see was it worth it yeah I know
maybe I want to put him on like he did
in the movie
so here how you gonna be like Power
laces all right all right let's see it
let me know how they fit oh they're cool
power laces oh fuck these don't have
power laces they only made 89 pairs of
those yeah
here you wear these sure let's do a
quick trade what size even audience 10 1
2 3 like that I can honestly say that's
probably the prettiest like I've ever
seen I like the chrome yeah the option
of getting a black or chrome and they're
like let's just get Chrome this struggle
right now Easy's are on adidas it's that
stupid weight thing that doesn't work
fire kicks is up good morning family
morning G how are you doing I'm doing
there's a glasses a little glasses okay
now the question is what sneakers am i
rocking with bread wands shattered
backboards I think we're gonna go to
country and going through these all
right so sneaker con this is the fit for
today ww Stone Cold Steve all this is
the back of the jacket so I never showed
you guys this at the VW show but that is
the back of the jacket tell me that is
not dope as hell
what you gonna be easy easy easy
hello yo Wow yeah
oh pretty good night we're on the way we
just got ready
screw you here
we got the line set up right here
everybody in the back
so basically we're going to be taking
pictures right here at the creb stand
and we're shelling the merge and then I
got the crab boat right here so you know
we got the fam today we got the Box
rapid linking with these purchase
turn will come
big photo
so my man right here pulled over so
shops without their shirt come to church
and then he's like hey I got something
for you
and he pulled up the Bell champion thank
you Matt thank you
my shirts up
you see some days I wear my pants
yeah
okay so let me tell you guys a little
story last night at about like 4 a.m. 5
a.m. what cost texted me and he said hey
come to the lobby I got some pizza your
boy can't say no but I go downstairs and
I'm in the lobby and then these two guys
come up they were the first people to
get here last night at 4:00 in the
morning most of y'all
shout out to them and he actually kept
the pizza box show the pizza box
and you got his side yeah shout out to
these guys man appreciate you guys guys
another present for my niece she's not
even born yet and she is getting more
stuff than me they shout out to this guy
man preciate you bro
look at that
already
that way you don't have brakes
great do you guys even have this is
where they're landing guys look there's
like no room there and there's people
right there
Clark Souter get up there guys I want to
show you something I'm sure you've seen
it back up affordability videos but I
want to show you one in person okay
some of you let me see how how you can
get and then I'll determine whether I'll
do it
you ready yeah
I know though
I'll do it I'll do it for the vlog bro
yeah hey
all of a sudden all of a sudden I'm
dying today ya pehle
DMVs my third home with a soft man
shouts out to my sneaky channels boop
boop boop and boom voice hot fire on the
button the man's doing it big you know
the envy I'm going to so much him
alright guys so if you remember from the
tour during the tour vlogs I gave away
my don see Jordan twos to the homie in
DC that was first in line and he's here
was good bro is good and he's got the
box set shirt and guess what's on his
feet Oh
those used to be mine I'm happier so
what you're wearing them bro
right I would never saw their invoice
appreciate it
he could make it
came up to me what you say it's exciting
here it's exciting your score bro you
already know excite six times channel
yeah our two new 3h a K on just
underscores yo get your six is my stuff
Nick Tommy Chang and chief understand so
check out my youtube channel
Jax pancakes XK cakes all my
girlfriend's I don't know what you heard
about me me yeah what are you doing whoa
those are all the new easiest 990
just remain it was weird I don't
understand it that the mob dude right
here bro finally got to meet him
do you think I kind of did something
spontaneous but somebody came up to me
this guy right here he was he won the
brownies that came up today and I said
you know what
I'll buy him from you so I bought him
and I threw him on all of us other fat
hey Eden you owe me $20 off the
basketball ever again in his blog $40
pull down the back move over cause my
heart beating
so nervous
I'm gonna die like I'm losing myself I'm
going old I need some help I got too
much pride in more pain than I ever felt
lately it's been hard to think about
what's next I'm too fake you see a fancy
makes everything but I sharpen the image
cause it's fucking up my vision making
decisions without searching for words
missing yeah people give advice but they
don't know how to listen
yeah people say they're free you guys
know how to do the coochie under me
dunno they're doing shadow did this guy
right here sick side six I you know all
day said if you watching my videos but
more the whole sneaker stuff so I want
to give them a little gift
yep I'm Union
sunlight
from me
hold this out
ever
I knew Barbara as I'm glad yourself
oh all right guys so as you know we're
doing a little raffle for the first time
ever at sneaker Con or give it away The
Stand sock box set right now
five more seven
was that fruit
ah good Raju good road
ooh baby
boy sounds
alright guys and that is a wrap from
sneaker con DC it is clear now right now
but my man he asked me earlier I said
I'm gonna tell him
come back later what you got to say fam
shoutout to Alex and the Nelson phenom
making it shouted DC the crew mama G
shouted to Joey for stealing my
homecoming date which allowed me to be
sure yeah I'll go back so much I need a
massage
oh all of a sudden happy ending I need a
happy and how many phone numbers did you
get
do you guys Zera you good fan touch that
touch that
Swati what is probably worse with me no
no tell him what you tried to do so to
come home the market okay obviously he's
a professional BMXer so you would expect
them not to fall but this guy he tried
to jump off the wall
pheromone I have to go around all of
this crap in the way that ya German off
this and then turn around on the wall
back onto the ranking
mess up the chair bad bro
how was your day today good well I'm
tired my feet hurt I need to go take a
little nap
go enjoy a whole lot of people yeah it
was turn man had a good time a good time
yeah sure you sure next one is on your
your your New York's on a big list make
sure yeah so sneaker kind DC is all
wrapped up overall probably one of the
best sneaker cons of the year it went by
so quick like literally I thought I had
an hour left I was a god I'm gonna go
walk around and check out the tables but
then I looked at the clock they had hit
seven o'clock which was the end time for
sneaker con dude we're about to get
jumped dude like what what's up blue
what's up boo
talkin bout about Tim yeah you say to my
face in my face you take you Tiffany's
an ugly color alright oh your Tiffany's
mother intros is it thunders are all my
friend is cute
hey family I took over your camera
camera Jason oh you didn't yeah I get oh
you got your parks back it's our last
night in DC we leave early tomorrow
morning we're gonna return to I ate in
an hour or so or less so you know we
said let's take advantage and come to
Georgetown
shoutout to everybody that was hating on
my Instagram saying oh that's a rented
car obviously it's a rented car what do
you expect me to come by one in DC but I
will tell you guys this my decision
hasn't been made if I want this car or
not but I will make my decision in April
of 2017 on whether or not I want to buy
this car so around that time 2017 April
that's when I decide if I want to go
with this machine or if I want to get
something more practical
Tesla No maybe I'll have my own soon
let's just say sometimes you got a date
a girl before you marry her yeah let's
just say I was born in the Bay but feels
like DC adopted us oh you're on the
wrong side no no you ain't driving fam
I'm driving let's go tied to a bar how's
it gonna look inside yeah bro absolutely
oh I'm so sir what's good yo your car
clean bro I probably nice man take it
easy girl
bye-bye bye-bye I will see you in 2017
just like you'll see your mustache on
Tony's gonna be everybody gives the same
advice they tell me you can't be selfish
in this game of life hey Fork ice
alright guys so closing out the vlog let
me just show you guys a few of my
sneaker con pickups obviously first
things first
chocolate easy 750 I'll tell you guys
how much I bought these for $1000 and
the reason why I'm telling you that is
not to stun or be like you know I spend
a thousand dollars on sneakers because
the market on Yeezys is going down am i
right
you know turtledoves you know triple
blacks pirate blacks you know they all
sell for a good amount but the v2 is
what happened on the market and went up
these right here what happened on the
market oh and the more Yeezy they make
what's happening on the which is good
for the average consumer because it's
affordable now obviously thousand
dollars is still expensive but still
it's not fifteen that's going down
that's going down slowly and slowly it
will make it more easier and affordable
for more people to rock and that means
less fakes then conclusion what Kanye
promised everybody and that's everybody
who wants Easy's will be able to have
them so at first we complain about that
but now we happy so thank you Kanye
thank you adidas appreciate everybody
for tuning in appreciate everybody for
coming to sneak on DC I hope to see a
lot of you guys in sneaker car New York
City and with that being said I'm out of
here
DC thank you for the love pass it makes
everything a blur I gotta sharpen the
image cuz it's fucking up my visit
making decisions with that sir chief
always missing do you think that this is
sati if you guys are know what setting
means I mean certified missing 30 bro
thank you
