you know this is your second home what
do you guys can't have burgers dong but
there's a fire ass burger joint over
here price yeah I actually saw them the
back of a car I'm just trying to gain
perspective when it's easy to neglect it
I'm tired of always acting I'd rather
write a directed ain't no way around it
what's going on guys so we just got to
Georgetown right now kind of a hectic
morning trying to get a rental car right
now but not just any other any car
Abraham Lincoln I think with the people
you're in DC you included that's
horrible but actually it's very accurate
they about to take a picture with a
Honest Abe so we are in Georgetown to
start off the day and the reason why we
came here is we're trying to pick up a
car that we're gonna be renting out for
the next two days all right guys so it
all worked out so this is a rental car
now originally I said I would never
drive one of these until I got my own
but you know sometimes you know no you
know you got to go for a test ride you
know I'm saying you can't just date a
girl without going on a date you can't
make a girl your girlfriend without
going on a date you know what I'm saying
for the next two days in DC this is our
car
from doubt I ate look at this oh my god
I can't believe we're gonna be driving
this hold on you gotta get me you got to
get one of those thumbnails now
alright guys my first time driving to i8
let's see how I like it the inside is
very similar to my car like all this is
very similar the inside is honestly not
that
alright guys so driving I eat for the
first time it feels good man it honestly
it feels like it fits me like this might
be the one but we got it guys so first
impressions of the i8 it's a beast man
just like even at the stoplight you feel
that if we can fire Kings over here
trying to make me crash by going on
sport mode I'll try to make you crash
but what's the point of driving the car
if you don't drive it on sport mode safe
is it the best way you know what I'm
saying click it or ticket right around
murari shout-out to my first exotic
based out of Washington DC they're the
people that we rented the car from
anyway we are at Maggiano's for
breakfast and we're getting like dinner
food pretty much fat ass days are back
never left I'm gonna be ready for
sneaker con New York let's just say we
getting that W yeah I don't know if it t
do you want to be on my team my sweet
are you gonna play with yg this guy
wants to play while you cheatin ass just
because you guys got MVP together you
guys should be more friendly competition
now team why'd you go steam off man wait
what are the teams you know yeah
did you change the color alright guys so
we just drove about 40 minutes outside
of DC over here in Baltimore Maryland
well actually was like an hour but we
took a little break anyway
breath slacking on oh I can't believe we
just pulled up in that but anyway we are
here at the head quarters of Under
Armour so we got invited I know a few
other youtubers were invited earlier
today we were supposed to be here
earlier today but unfortunately we
didn't make it in time but they were
nice enough to so you're still here this
is from the football stadium
so all those movies over there have
Under Armour in them so the one that I
remember is obviously fast and furious
because the rock and then the the scene
in Dark Knight Rises at the football
stadium
we'd like to UCLA connection up here out
of year we sign them the outfit and them
starting not with Jude July 1 of next
year so this video was pretty impressive
I've never never shot a commercial with
them did you really yeah it was for one
of his friends I websites and then gosh
that was like his second young yeah he's
so cool
yeah like ever say we appreciate it
looks that you guys gave us all social
media yeah we track on this wall
actually how people are reviewing our
products whenever product weeks all
right guys so for everybody that comes
through here like bullet was here
earlier he did a signature so basically
you sign the wall
all right so they hooked us up with a
whole bunch of stuff here can i shell
any is anything I can't show you
everything okay so we got some Under
Armour boots when you check this out
just like my tires backpack with some
sneakers in here I'll show you guys that
later some curry looks when did these
come up you said you didn't run out yet
right they're just coming out this week
okay we got some other dope stuff I'll
show you guys when we get to the hotel
because I don't want to make a mess here
but yeah I hooked this up
alright guys so we just pulled up to the
hotel look who just got here I don't
even know these guys were coming but
what's up guys all of a sudden every
time every time I tweet your stuff
people tweet me back in they're like
damn he looks like the guy from Toy
Story and alex is here
I'll wear them to the gym yeah there you
go what a vision Monday look at this
this is sick very comfortable not too
sure about the actual look of the shoe
but it's something that I definitely
will test out very casual look you know
that that knit on shoes is very popular
right now so there's testing out that
type of style their pocket eat all this
stuff alright let's go down we're gonna
go down to the convention center because
they're setting up so we're gonna go set
up our booth for tomorrow are you guys
look how empty it is right now but wait
till you guys see what krepp has in
store right here it doesn't look like
it's fully set up or maybe it is I don't
know
basic if I live right here did you sit
right now I wanna do a flip over you sit
on it first pull it back instead okay
now don't sit down
oh my god no this is I'm just wearing
this not because I must get scared
because I got sponsored it's hella scary
that's when you're going down that's how
they're scary conquer your fears come on
open my hand okay yeah that's fine soon
see if the power will I be able to pick
this out or does it hurt
we're back in the room right now I want
to apologize to everybody because
perfect Friday's was supposed to go up
36 minutes ago and I didn't realize that
I was working with so much footage we
filmed over an hour for today's episode
so I'm about to upload that right now
it's about gonna be an hour late yeah
that's crazy but we had a great day in
DC man another great day in DC and shout
out to everybody shout out to everybody
we didn't meet anybody
tomorrow is sneaker console shout out to
everybody coming to sneaker Con so yeah
if you're in DC make sure you guys come
to sneaker convey we'll probably already
be there by the time you're watching
this competition 100 waterproof know so
I'll do that when you sleep honey but I
know I get it by my cell phone I know
what
