five kicks made a steady shades too
bright in here can't see the Sun what's
going on everybody we made it to
Washington DC safely I am so excited to
be here my baggage made it safe if you
guys watch yesterday's vlog my bag
busted open so look at all this it
literally it's taped up and wrapped up
together and I'll show you why you bust
it open I'll talk more about this bag
later too but I brought literally three
bags plus my backpack
that's my bag so much but yeah we are in
DC sneaker con is Saturday today is
Thursday tomorrow's Friday so if you are
oh this lighting is amazing so if you
are in DC make sure you guys come out
it's going to be a hell of an event tell
the people why you have glasses on Oh
glasses on because I got eye surgery so
you know I'm sensitive to the light for
about a while now so you know better
keep on protective 20/20 vision and I
can see nobody's here
it's good all right price I really love
this place man
you guys don't understand how much I
love this place I love DC she's freaking
amazing
you got a decent day I'm gonna move
there you have a DC Bay no I don't we
should move to use Bay Dan that's it
going y'all look low-key down to move
out here what I am
if there's a something for Cesaro hey
did you see my little thing that I did
on your target know like copied you like
I'm well like I'm a target boy a young
target
this is aura I gotta walk you alright
guys so we just checked into our room
the three just three of us our hotel
resort is sick but the most important
thing is is the bathroom dope it works
it works
I'm gonna upload my vlog right now and
then get ready and then we can go grab
some food in Georgetown or something but
let's just say tomorrow we're gonna be
whipping around DC in some nice whips
right yes sir hopefully in fact not then
I'm gonna cut this out fingers crossed
yo guys our hotel is freaking dope man
this is exactly where the convention is
to so it's like it's called up you guys
don't laugh at the name it's called the
Gaylord and I'm dead-ass serious it's
called the Gaylord Convention Center but
it's huge man
let's go see what's downstairs we both
said it reminds us of the Lake Tahoe
resorts back in a back in California I
mean the batter that are you drinking
bad thank you I always felt like Tahoe
was in California because it's so
filling yeah you're not about it you
won't go skinny-dipping
you know this this hotel has to be five
stars it's not five stars and I don't
know what is five stars
Gaylord is five stars we're going to
explore later but we're hungry so we're
going to go eat all day
guys we are at my favorite pizza place
in the entire world all we got to do
that in front of the logo this is my
favorite pizza place in the world
Valentino's pizza out here in Virginia
Arlington I believe Arlington I don't
know I'm confused I don't know I'm okay
by this life yeah
yeah yeah I got you barbecue chicken
pizza and it has ranch on it already
different combos we go an infant here we
go again food time lapses with fire
cakes
that is YouTube channel to watch these
food porn Valentino's hit the spot man
that was not a disappointment
it never is a disappointment now we're
gonna go to my favorite spot in the
world don't matter for in Cali or for in
a DC I was going somewhere man
so so what's this the best pizza I've
ever had questionable but did I get the
slice that I'll supposed to get no I
didn't say you know a lot of variables
in this pizza that I couldn't come to an
exact concluded
let's just say another day another life
fire cake cooking movies you know even
in DC we got to come to target I forgot
why I needed to come here but we're here
what cost you to buy a charger I it
I needed to buy something I really can't
remember but we're here for a reason
guys we never do nothing for a reason we
have a purpose we have a purpose in life
let's just say all praise to the most
high six six I think was good everybody
your boy checking in from the house
shout out to all the greyhounds around
the world shout this wagon Apollo I
tried this on another target I wanna buy
this is it Batman
oh yeah more than the dog that's big all
right guys so if we in the room I know
me and five cakes he's doing some
editing I don't know what he's doing
what cause God knows where Waqas went I
probably went to go find the other half
of his beard this is when you know you
trying to show your hair cut off when
you've all with the back of the mirror
so you can get the back shot you know
tomorrow's gonna be a full day we have a
lot planned for tomorrow we're gonna go
visit a head office of sneaker brand and
then obviously Saturday a sneaker con
again this is the box that would give it
away so anybody who buys a shirt gets a
raffle ticket so if you buy multiple
shirts you get multiple tickets
basically the winner will get this
custom one of two is crew box sets now
this isn't looking guys this is actually
lasered on by the way so you get this
and then you get a bunch of free socks
like tons of socks are here that don't
pass so extend socks copy I'm in my box
did you and that be hasty hey if you
want the rest tomorrow
alright guys it's currently 4 a.m.
exactly like on the dot
no seriously like literally 4 a.m. all
401 as you guys know I was in London a
few days ago meeting up with CREP
protect officially announcing that I am
a brand ambassador literally the next
day the day after I left they did
something that has never been done
before and since I'm you know part of
the team I'm going to say that we did it
so it probably says we in the title I'm
gonna tell you guys what they did and
then I'll explain everything the kreb
family took a pair of Yeezy v2s the 350
v2 s and they put them in space this is
not clickbait they literally took a can
of crap and they took the easy and they
sent that outside of this world so
basically they attempted this twice
before it actually worked so the first
two times they launched it up there but
when it came down they could not find it
luckily on October 13th the day after I
left I'm so pissed I wasn't there for
this so the speed going up was 10 miles
per hour
but the speed of it coming down was 200
miles per hour and it's really really
really really interesting and dope so
check it out
what's going on guys
I'm Ryan Taylor and we're here today
with the founder and director of crap
attack Roberta sunny easy 315 straight
to space but first let's still water
test
Oh
Oh
all I'm going to say is that they left a
little note in the email and this is
what it says no currently two pairs of
Yeezy 350 belugas from failed attempts
are missing on earth last known location
UK
good luck to whoever wants to find those
thank you guys for watching I'm out of
here I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog I'm out
take my phone just take my camera too
