so today has been a crazy and stressful
day but let's get this day started and
runnin late let's go alright guys so I'm
gonna start the vlog off on a serious
note because I've been I've been holding
back some information some really
important information I've dropped hints
about it over the past few vlogs so I
know some of you guys might have caught
along and some of you guys may know or
may not know but I mean I think it's
time for me to just you know confess to
you guys the truth I'm leaving tomorrow
with a sneaker con so if you're watching
this I'm probably on my flight already
after DC sneaker con I I'm gonna tell
you guys so here it goes we are having
the second sneaker con hoops classic in
New York City on November 6th
that's the huge secret and I wasn't even
supposed to officially announce it but
it's coming up so soon that I just had
to drop the ball away I don't say bomb
cars sneaker con New York City November
5th and 6 it's a two-day sneaker con the
game will be held on Sunday the 6th so
there's two options here cuz I just
found this out but so if you want to go
to both days I think you can buy a
ticket for both days if you want to go
to one day you can buy a cheaper ticket
for just one day but I highly suggest if
you are a die-hard a die-hard sneaker
head not just because I'm gonna be there
not just because the game is gonna be
there the culture at New York sleeker
con is something I've never seen before
last year I went as a fan I paid for my
own ticket to go and here is some I'm
gonna show you guys a little clip before
I tell you who's in the game and what's
going on with the game this is me last
year going to sneak a con I flew all the
way there with my own money bought my
own ticket and I went went there and
honestly it was one of the craziest
sneaker experiences of my life Harris is
coming and he's playing in the sneaker
con hoops
like swagger Diddy is coming and he's
playing in the sneaker con hoops classic
my very very good friends from New York
City it's only right that we invite them
Adam is playing in the hoops classic and
Slim is playing in the hoops classic you
already know we got sneaker youtubers in
there too because that's what it's all
about this is for the sneaker youtubers
to come together and play in this game
so you got people like my boy Cousteau's
playing Mike a sneaker live sneaker head
in the bay these are just some of the
people who have confirmed with me I'm
still on talks with a few other people
who I can't confirm with yet but Bullard
RC Tony D you already know former
Simpson unfortunately he's not going to
be playing cuz he's got a little bit of
injury but he will be in the building as
a special guest coach I don't know for
what team and I don't even know the
team's yet now with that being said I'm
sorry I took up most of this beginning
of the vlog talking about this but it's
huge news so I'm super excited but first
first first things first sneaker con
Washington DC this Saturday and then
sneaker con November 5th and 6th in New
York City
look guys in my car is actually a little
bit white I forgot it was this color I
thought it was brown for a minute what
do you think of my shoes
where did you get those what do they
look like it looks it looks like viens
are not caught version of vannes
what what are they vans
those are Jordans all right got to get
some stuff again and then we're gonna do
dinner and hang out before I leave
talent and I'm gonna be gone for a
minute so I got to spend a day with her
and thanks for thinking of men when Dave
outfit yo guys look how freakin hard I
want to vlog with this one full day huh
that would be sick on Halloween if I
just blog with what is this oh that's my
head
my name is Bruce Bruce Wayne I guess so
I got some raffle tickets right here for
sneaky fun do you see because I'm giving
away I'm giving away the special dream
crew Stan's box collab box it's one of
two I have my own and then I have one
that they gave me to give away so I'm
gonna be doing a raffle for anybody who
buys a shirt or a hat at sneaker Con DC
get low and get a low shot of just my
sneakers okay baby
poster it's hella close no I need you to
be that really close like yeah
now can you even see
well I guess she just filmed her first
video for me that little promo video I'm
shooting for the Westbrooks right now
and pictures no you did a good job I
mean I had to direct you but let's just
say you followed orders
directions orders just got done back at
Target photo shoot
shout out to Jordan Brand for these
Westbrook's I think they're dope did it
I was good
again you're officially in the crew
you're the second person no you're
actually the fourth person to get one
I got you got one human wedgie no I've
met an will cost and Farook has one too
so you're the fifth person to have it
you know okay I got mine on right here
so now we're 2007 the crew Hawker 20
alright guys so my bag literally just
busted wide open everything well not
everything fell out but some stuff fell
out chaos this morning so we were on the
way to fire kicks house and any Texas
saying hey I'll meet you guys at the
airport so we don't even know where he
is hopefully he even makes it to his
damn flight we really don't need we
really don't need it ok what curse
accidentally shaved this mustache you
guys don't know what's going on we are
on the way to Washington DC for sneaker
con
I packed four bags guys I'm bringing
four frickin bags to DC with me
because I haven't carrying extra stuff
to go back home after DC to the Bay Area
and on top of that I've got that huge
ass dance box that I'm giving away so I
had to pack that in my luggage so a
whole bunch of chaos right now so I'm
gonna put the camera away
talk to you guys when we get to the
airplane so I hope that this haircut is
fresh don't shut up talika this is the
life fire kicks got held that held up at
security but they said he said he they
think his phone but we think he's just
trying to buy himself time alright guys
so many questions so little time did
fire kicks make the flight you guys will
find out in tomorrow's vlog cuz I'm
gonna end it right here it's a super
short vlog but I'm gonna edit it and
have it up so I can post it today or
else I'm not gonna have a vlog for today
so that's why today's vlog is super
short I hope you guys do understand but
I will check in with you guys tomorrow
from DC when we land and I'm out of here
dream coup let's have a good flight
