it is freezing out here
I did not expect this I'm outside the
Wembley Arena which my hotel is
literally right there it's currently
7:00 a.m. and the reason why I'm up this
early is because I want to take
advantage of every single minute I have
left here in London I leave at 4 p.m. so
I'm gonna do this I'm gonna go get some
McDonald's breakfast hopefully I can
find one I'm gonna try to hit up the
Westfield Mall because they have like
two or three stores I want to check out
because they might have some exclusive
nmds or something and I'm just gonna try
to just explore the city so let's do
this man this is how you know you're
having a productive morning when your
lawns are docked and you're already
starting your day there McDonald's
pretty easy so I'm kind of proud of
myself
I had to come back here I forgot to
upload the vlog I don't upload the vlog
right now I'm pretty much screwed even
though it's like 1:00 a.m. in America if
I uploaded now you can post it before my
flight takes off and I'll go up like at
7 a.m. in America
fell asleep in the uber again uber is
like my unofficial second bedroom
they got the fam here
we got to that footlocker dammit they
had the freaking end of these there but
they didn't have my size the biggest
size they had a nine and a half and I
couldn't squeeze into it and him these
fit a little small for me man
they have these chilling here the top
Nike has something at least man
okay London sneaker shopping as a
complete fail
hey Hachi Kai's right how are you good
are you
so back with my hotel now just got
dropped off by the uber I don't know if
I took a nap or not I don't think it
took a nap let's go for a walk and enjoy
this city weather sink it all in so a
lot of people were actually tweeting me
and writing on Instagram like how are
you going to come to UK and not have a
meet-up I really want to but
unfortunately you guys saw how quick I
was here for like 48 hours I've been
exhausted and then I checked my
analytics and the top three countries
that watch my videos are America Canada
and UK so all I'm saying is that even
though I didn't have a meet-up this time
stay tuned we might be coming back
sooner than you think key word we
Jamin no wonder London starts with an L
because that's all they've been handing
out to me all day you know brav why do
they call sneakers trainers over here
other yeah I'm trying to go to like a
sneaker Shaun and allow my yes you're
not going to find too many trainers out
here man I'm like families are certain
these are Jordans like why are you
calling them trainers you know they're
not training me I don't know what I'm
saying anymore I'm all gassy and
from what I can chopping in London maybe
I went to the wrong places maybe I did
but I miss shopping in America and maybe
maybe you know maybe it's a good thing I
didn't buy anything maybe I shouldn't be
wasting money attention please
I might not be recruited please leave
the building I'm getting out of here
charcoal Hooper brush and please
attention please
and why not be reported please leave the
building rather there's available exit
y'all
all right guys I'm so exhausted right
now and my flights boarding so go board
my flight
alright guys so I just got past the u.s.
customs and all that it took forever and
my dude was waiting was good
what's going on guys so he told me to
clown on his shoes guys he's got the new
Yeezy boots right here
season three I remember yeah my baby's
me yeah yeah
okay guys I'm finally back home in my
dungeon of dungeons before I left you
guys sent me this is all in I think less
than a week this is all the stuff I got
from you guys in my pedo box let's talk
about my flight from London I was
knocked out the whole time I wanted to
show you guys this now you guys know
about these fear fear of God vans right
here vans is killing it lately but you
know I got these fear of God vans I wore
them with black jeans see that black
stain right there it's on this suede
tongue which sucks really really bad you
know saying but I think this is a
perfect time to test out some crap wipes
while I'm doing this let's talk about
this weekend so we leave to DC on
Thursday and then Thursday we get to DC
so we'll be around DC Friday and then
Saturday is the actual sneaker con in
Washington DC where I will be there with
fire kicks and we're just going to be
chilling the whole time having a good
time selling the camel I feel like a
high peace t-shirts so sneaker con DC
Saturday all my DMV people better come
out and say what's up I'm just so
excited to go back man I just love the
vibe to their Georgetown I love
Georgetown I got family there it's just
it's gonna be a really great time mmm Oh
clean cleaned up good job I don't know
what I'm gonna call this right now and I
show the mail that I opened from you
guys that you sent me but let's just
call it crew mail so this is the first
unofficial crew mail opening I don't
have an intro yet but hopefully soon
we'll have an intro let's get into it
usually when people send me personal
letters I don't like to read them on
camera just because it's like more
personal and I'm saying okay so we got a
letter right here from Roman check that
out that is dope as hell you got the EZ
350s I hope you like my drawing and if
you can shout me out in one of your
videos in my youtube channel
Roman mazar-e aka RM productions it
will mean the world this is rolling
right here guys make sure you click that
subscribe button down below video
shout out to Roman next up we got
another letter right here from Christian
celery yo Sal I suck at reading names I
do this rolex pin in that I found at a
thrift and thought you would like it
this is dope as hell this is a little
pin collection I have hanging in my
closet I'm going at this one on there
now okay next up Christ your big
inspiration man and I'm subscribed to
all three of your channels keep doing
what you're doing and I wish you success
and happiness hope you like this shirt
if you like this shirt where the money
at
oh this is don't where the money at on
the front on the lower back it says
where the money ax that's actually
pretty dope I actually would wear this
when I do these unboxing and these
clothing companies send me stuff or
whatever it is I'm gonna be honest with
you I'm not going to tell you guys oh
this is dope just because I got it for
free in my peel box like I'm gonna
promote clothes that I like I'm not
gonna sugarcoat it my name is Taylor
Morgan and I own the Orlando lifestyle
brand the unknown clothing collection
you're going to check them out so it
says unknown on the front and that Iron
Maiden font see I like things like this
there's not too much going on this is
the back last package is this big-ass
one this is from Street knowledge Co I
mean this big ass sticker right here
check this out to give me this one right
here and probably won't wear this one to
be honest with you guys this one is dope
see I would rock this this it is a grey
hoodie right here thank you guys for all
the packages I appreciate it
my peal box is open for anybody to send
me anything that's it for today's vlog I
got a lot to take care of so I'm going
to be doing all that stuff
good bye
please leave the building by the nearest
available exit ladies and gentlemen the
test of our fire alarm system is now
complete please treat all future alarms
as normal thank you for your cooperation
ladies and gentlemen the test of
