laughter this is not your car heist
oh I thought this
No
are you guys so as you can tell I'm over
here at the creb protect offices outside
of London red Octobers Easy's Tiffany's
M&Ms bbc's ice creams watch your shoes
oh yeah just airmax little big do these
a mask of Yeezys thinning the gun on the
back to the malls good set so somebody
can actually wear yeah yeah Halloween's
coming up that'd be crazy
just one bit okay whomp a I'm gonna let
this video do the huge announcement but
this is what's going on you guys already
know I've had a partnership with crap
but things are getting a little bit more
serious now it's going to the next level
so here's the big news enjoy this video
my name is Cassie Omar I'm from San
Francisco California and I'm a youtuber
so a few years ago actually reached out
to me because they wanted to launch it
one of my videos called
sneakerheads be like and ever since then
we've had a great relationship the
product itself is something that is
amazing and I wouldn't work
company unless I really believe in their
product and to me they are the top of
the top the best of the best and clean I
am really excited and honored to
announce that I am an official brand
ambassador for CREP protect and I'm
really looking forward to the journey
that we created together
I guess so we're about to film this
little promo video I'm really gonna vlog
what we do it to does the video of me
walking in pretty much the cup offices
right now
opening shot boys open the wrong door
alright ready alright guys so we're
checking out this little display over
here they got like sneaker masks and
these new era hats and as you guys can
see check this one out right here this
one's really go not to Columbia's all of
this stuff right here
sure like walk out of the scene yes I
like so we're setting up for this shot
of me you know holding the sneakers and
all that stuff I wish I could show you
guys some of these products I'm really
excited about this product cuz some of
my shoes they smell so you just open
this up scald the pill and then you put
this in your shoe and then you choose
like for instance let me see and then
you choose like okay this is level one
so it gives you a little bit of scent
and then this is level 2 gives you more
scent and then level 3 even more sense
so it's like there's a science behind it
this is dope it's coming soon
there's more stuff to but I don't know
if I could show you guys yeah just make
it look like I'm doing a video tutorial
yeah what's up what's going on bro
alright guys if you remember sneaky
clone Atlanta my dude was riding his
bike around in the easies you made me do
that bomb he made me do know who you
were doing that you you rolled up to me
like look I got you Z's on what were you
trying to make me climb later today the
o2 arena arena ladies scared
he wants me to climb the o2 arena to get
it so he can film himself riding his
bike on the top of the arena he should
put a clip in showing them what they'll
do reader is a bunch of contests and
stuff as well like world championships
and stuff and this is a crap without one
man a man about that and stuff yeah
let's see did you get in trouble when
you did the one with the crew shirt we
oh there's always something yeah yeah
always a situation so if we do it on
this side of like a delivery van or
something or like a Royal Mail thing
yeah yeah hey what you doing but like
most of these things are owned by the
government
uh-huh so they actually the drivers
can't actually do anything yeah yeah so
you just do it you just do it and leave
you yeah and then I'll do a war I to
fakie on underneath the carpet excellent
ok I have no idea what that is
oh crap with that let's uh I think we
should let me should jump over the Land
Rover yeah we can do that that's easy
work right I don't see why not bro let's
go
we're about to dunk this M&M 4 into this
bucket of water it sprayed with the CREP
spray so this is a I don't know if I'm
gonna do a money title but $25,000 shoe
by the way so I've shown it to you guys
before
alright so the hoop thing isn't working
so I have to just dunk it in
alright guys finally back in my room
it's currently 7 p.m. I got a gift today
from Kurt protect exclusive nmds only
available in Europe I believe super
rainbow II I know but these are freaking
dope I like them a lot today was a
success man now you're probably
wondering heist what's the difference
between what you've already done with
CREP and being a global ambassadors
basically a global ambassador is like
it's not just somebody who's sponsor is
sponsored it's someone who actually is
part of the company and is part of the
team you will see let me being a little
bit more involved in certain things when
it comes to CREP events and things like
that it might be even like they have an
idea and they want to pitch it to me or
I have an idea and I want to pitch it to
them it's just more of a it's more of a
connection with each other and I know a
lot of people are probably expecting me
to be like crap protect available now in
every vlog and no that's not the case
it's gonna be very very I mean
Organic because I already used the
product it's just gonna have myself a
little bit more involved in certain
things that they do which means more
traveling for myself which is better
content for you guys which is a win-win
for everybody so I do want to thank the
CREP protect family for you know giving
me this opportunity and helping me grow
because if you guys have been paying
attention before I started my sneaker
channel I did the sneaker heads to be
like and CREB protect that's where they
found me is they found me through those
they didn't find me through my sneaker
channel so they really gave me an
opportunity before this whole sneaker
thing popped off for me so they really
believed in my vision and you know gave
me a chance to kind of like prove myself
over the past year and a half and now
I've have the title being a brand
ambassador and I'm really happy to work
with them and come up with some dope
stuff yeah man that pretty much sums up
like the whole day and the whole trip so
this whole episode was based around me
coming out here to visit the kreb
protect offices and you know meet
everybody as it's part of the company
and I had a great time I just want to
thank you guys again for watching and
supporting and subscribing I don't think
you guys realize this but a lot of my
life the things I do in my life getting
these opportunities being a brand
ambassador for creme protect is all
because you guys support me and you guys
watch me and you have helped me build an
amazing crew so thank you guys okay I'm
going to eat now thank you guys for
watching
