Oh
the official
10 in the open
yeah
day
I love starting the vlogs out over here
guess where I'm at guys back in this
amazing sneaker room so I'm at Kandi's
house aka perfect pair we are about to
start filming two episodes for perfect
Fridays it is currently Friday as well
so the first episode of perfect Fridays
is going to get uploaded tonight which
were already filmed and I should have
already edited it but I was super busy
last night I completely forgot so it's
going to go up later today but I'm here
we got this light in here super bright
in here so it's a lot lighter and
excited man we got some dope stuff
coming out for you guys so we're filming
today's episode which is going to be I'm
like walking all around today I'm gonna
stay still okay here we go
this one this is right so today's
episode is going to be one of them is a
PE episode so we're going to show you
most of his player exclusive sneakers
and then another episode that we're
making is themed around music so yeah
I'm not gonna tell you guys too much
about it but just the idea of what types
of videos were dropping for you guys the
one that actually dropped today which is
yesterday for you guys is his entire
Yeezy Kanye West's sneaker collection
from Louis Vuitton's to Nike to adidas
okay so I got a I gotta show you guys
this because if I'm not big on the
bronze you guys know that but this right
here is a Grail this is the fruity
pebble LeBron for I believe yeah I think
it's the four or the three okay I don't
know I sound like an idiot if I'm wrong
but fruity pebble bronze I believe
friends and family I remember when bran
played in this with the hardwood classic
Jersey in Cleveland when I saw those on
court I was like wow look how beautiful
the bottom is like this shoe is worth a
lot hello
I like my cereal with milk oh my god I
can't believe I just found these right
alright guys so we just wrapped up all
the filming that we did we made to dope
as videos Hey
what's love y'all back again Jeff good
time I don't wonderful time my friend
always what do you think of this whole
series now I mean you haven't seen any
of them yet even edited your one yet but
as long as you're having fun and you
enjoy it and having a wonderful time
alright cool always good good company
though you know I'm saying make it easy
yeah we have a good time but you guys
don't see is we actually chill before we
start filming we relax take breaks hang
out eat all the candy on this table or
this guy David don't know you Toby he's
like hey don't worry fine keep saying
here eat all you want you know you want
but man I sort of got it I don't care
how many times I come here I still my
eyes go everywhere and I'm looking at
stuff that I've never seen before and
these right here I just fell in love
like I've seen him before
but I've seen him in glass cases but
I've never seen him like in hand oh my
God look at this quality that's like
shattered backboards
I would say better if you ask my opinion
mean come on man I've wore this shoe and
this the sill ring on the front should
have increased the hell and it's not so
it's a phenomenal sneak you know the
tongue is leather which you never see on
a Jordan one right yes they're all there
to be honest with you on the join ones
for the Oasis really yes Wow
if you guys don't know what L OS is it
is the legends of the summer tour Justin
beat Justin Bieber Justin Timberlake
yes Justin zippy Justin Timberlake and
jay-z when they went on tour together
they dis created these crazy shoes and I
told them that this I'm gonna go on a
hunt for this I'm gonna find this if you
have this shoe I'm coming for you woohoo
but that means I have to bring my
paycheck coming for you lol I wish I was
a sight what it say is 14 right now it's
a size 12 that's nice twelve I mean I
wish I had big feet sorrowful but yeah
man freak
had a good time again like with this
isn't it doesn't feel like work when we
haven't fine you know I'm saying exactly
so today I said it before and I'll say
it again if it brings a smile to your
face that's what this is all about they
get this tip all you brother
oh damn you a real one shout out to ask
a doughnut
damn alright guys so today I leave the
country but let's talk about that later
we got a big matchup this morning right
I just say um we got called out for a
two-on-two so we're going to go play so
we're gonna get this w and then we leave
in the country so but make these Donuts
first
ever gonna die just one I'm gonna be
gone for a few days but I'll be back and
then we are home busy and then we out to
DC pheasant Uncle Mo
okay so we just got to the basketball
court the most hated high beast on
YouTube
damn the mystery thing I'll ever do
anything
yeah - one - what are we playing for I
didn't tell him what we're playing for
today
he's these two pairs easy so if they win
we buy each of them easy if they win if
we win we taken one of Blake's because
Blake has like seven pairs eight pairs
of these is like half a footlocker
stalking to this house you know we
playing for more than just pride today
you know what I'm saying the young guys
versus the old bet you know it's a
little practice for sneaker con New York
you know I'm saying I didn't say that
there's a game there yet but just know
pretty mature he told you guys there's a
game there but let's go we're gonna have
some fun you know leaving the country
later but still got time to ball on
these youngins
and we take the W baby we take the W all
right guys so after the game we are in
boat Blake's remodeled dungeon of
sneakers look at this so I did the trade
I got this right here let me show you
the lighting on time the LV easy Kanye
West not these are not easy these are
the Kanye West you don't have the all
red ones the Dawn's so I added the grey
ones it's like a very charcoal gray for
me the reason why I did the trade see
this tree right here the chances of
getting it or way less than getting any
of the any of these so you know easy 350
s that wrap out a new shoe that came out
within the last year this shoe is a shoe
that came out like 10 years ago
or something like that so getting these
are much rarer so I'm trying to stack up
on shoes like this and then I mean I
already have double ups all my 250 so
these are shut it off shout out to Mac
Park you got a nice MMD collection you
still want to sell these fan water
besides is it I'm exposed to all that
Dan look you got the whole rainbow fan
let's just say yeah hundred oh wow see
look didn't oh it's new yeah come on
that's G in a year or less what a less
than a year little listen to your shout
out to the haters fam all thanks to him
no no you did your own web spam we just
give you the platform you took advantage
that's why I got up little cuckoo
collection and send your submissions you
could be the next Blake lender
we got to do something for years how
many likes it gonna get um did think
they went ham for Harris
they got 25,000 for hers which is insane
let's try to get 20,000 for what 30
30,000 we 20,000 yeah Brooks you add
watch it okay 20,000 no that's good you
got 20,000 and yes to frickin dip these
in paint tell them why I can't go in the
hoops classic cuz he's not 18
everybody's like he's making up excuses
I'm like I mean I asked him oh they're
really they're saying stuff yeah well
think of it we're not gonna do it - oh
wow yeah it's really good girls be like
maybe I'm still on the autofocus on your
cell the weird like oh this is this is
the size you need to try on this is Jen
oh yeah I tried on what last time twelve
this uh woody calm uh not automatic
no how you get those on man they gave
you a 30 grand there's another huge 60
pairs no there's ISIL somehow get its
hands on a panel I don't want those
don't like them I know you you said you
don't really want from what I have I
think there's way more than 100 pairs of
these because they're letting people try
them on and which means something in
there they got hella pairs you're only
giving 89 pairs to the public so let's
just say fan I'm not an air bag type of
guy I have an hour to pack and I'm
actually gonna buy the fear of God vans
from someone off Craigslist that I found
but I want to show you guys the Toy
Story vans I got you know you saw
yesterday's vlog but here's the woody
ones using a most sought-after para
guess what's like years which I'm never
gonna wear what if you're going to
collect them as perfect set of pair says
collect them all collect them all you
know the best part about these shoes is
just like a movie this is Andy on the
bottle because you know it's a pin this
boy's a pair boy Taylor is my all-time
favorite animated movie but I got these
ones for my real nice who's due in a few
weeks so we're going to keep release we
got her these two I decided to pick
these up these are fire we call these
the legends of the summer with a hands
beneath in condition so perfect
collection is low-key since you got
Easy's already some days she's going to
be in her easy that some day she go
advanced we picked up these today
outside seven chapters late for giving
us the W and keep it that B's second
pair come in check the P o box for us
and we got a few packages don't know if
I should open it now okay let me open
one but these mighty robot its RPO box
so if you want to send fire kick
something so yeah it's the pure box
right there if anybody wants to send us
anything candy whatever quick five okay
we'll open one letter in one package
this is from hype world eat this sense
of it dear husband Derek I saw Marco TV
or on a television it is a new particle
first collection line of caps oh this is
cool Osen new era
says hype worl you know my piece shout
out to hype world it's actually pretty
dope honestly wasn't the letter from
Andrew duro
from Milton MA what is a message
Massachusetts charge a cute card first
freaking opening some stickers okay oh I
tweeted him I put lol so you put the
tree that I tweeted him I'm assuming
that's him that's him that's me doing
the hello that's I ate in the background
what is the finger in the booty I
don't know let me try it on you what is
that from
I don't know I think I think I redid
that I know I did yeah I called my
mentor them and then he wrote me a
letter but this is his I'm gonna read
this later but Andrew duro duro six
point seven so shout out to you shadows
everybody else that send me stuff and
open those when I get back so we'll open
them on camera and we start the new male
crew male segment let's just say we're
going to the Grove because I hit someone
up on Craigslist so I can buy these fear
of God vans I'm paying 350 for them
which is ridiculous for a pair of ends
but I really want to take them with me
on my trip so
shot allowed you right why do you ask
shout out Sivaji shut up
- Nathan reporting
Polson what's up that what's up oh my
god so we just ate at the farmers market
but it's time for me to leave so I'm
going to call it uber head to LAX and
see you guys at the airport man
have a safe trip okay you some hick here
I haven't flown international out of LAX
ever so I'm really interested to see
what part of this Airport looks like
even though I've been to this Airport a
million times
okay international security checkpoint
is way more crowded than the regular
checkpoint
but it's still pretty quick so that's
good
oh man my freakin ovo hoodie was
dragging on the floor now it's like a
freakin dust mop she do it is freakin
insane there's a Victoria Secret a Gucci
store a freakin her mess tour there's a
book store you guys don't know how happy
I am right now do you see this do you
see how dope this is I honestly think I
could get away with buying one of these
today because I have a 10-hour flight
but I'm not going to because I'm going
to get this one the mixed one somebody
came up to me and they're like hey can I
speak to you for a second like somebody
that works for the airline and he put me
to a size like yo I'm a fan of what you
do I was like hell yeah I do
and then he's like we don't have any
upgrades available but I can help you
get a better seat so he's giving me a
seat that's next to an empty seat so I
basically have two seats for the 10-hour
flight which is so dope so if you're
watching this to the homie I really
appreciate it man you're making my life
really really really really easy
Thomas best oh man thank you
it's not first class but this is better
than I've ever had before so my favorite
client
I'm chilling okay so the first thing I
do now that I'm in London is I'm getting
picked up my dude has the Range Rover
and I go to sit in the passenger seat
but the passenger seat is on the left
side
I remember I was tripping out last time
I was in London last year when this
happened and again I completely forgot
okay well by the way I'm in London guys
does anybody know this arena whoa
so you guys are probably wondering right
now what am i doing in London so I've
been on the edge about telling you guys
because I kind of wanted it to be a
surprise pretty much I need to edit
upload and then I can literally leave my
arena which is just like an outlet mall
right here and I want to go to downtown
I want to go to Nike lab I want to find
some adidas stores I want to do some
shopping I want to do some sightseeing
have a great time I'm super excited I
don't have any pounds I don't have any
plugs to charge anything but we go have
a good time yeah so anyway London for
two days let's do this
you
