oh my god this guy's guy is so annoying
with this stupid drone shots okay nobody
cares okay God oh great and he just
uploaded another sneaker conv log how
consistent this is gonna be the same old
boring sneaker conv log that I saw on
Tony D's channel Bulls Channel wins
channel everyone's channel I'm sick of
this I'm still gonna watch it though
let's see what he did good morning
got whinny deploy
oh you're busted
I need a guess who this is I have no
idea who this is
it's sad they're gonna be kite
why bro
why bro
good
didn't do it right well show them that
a man taking a whe blue is me because
unknown unknown give it away yeah yeah I
need my cameraman he left her known
yes
give me
yeah I mean I had a feeling I've seen
this rope and I mean I put it together
the backpack
shoes in it maybe if you get a different
cameraman all called dimethylamine the
cameraman I'm firing you no I'm firing
you yeah
oh how you doing my friend
but I saw him I'm a this guy's
tanya is wife I saw you the last like
two seconds that compares not a you
thought of somebody yeah they would be
wondering why her fiance's sure
why
Who am I
I'd say
you know it you know it's funny you
almost had me when you shook my hand
like this and did that how about I gotta
do it I'm almost said Jacob yeah I
almost said
that's now they know all right I'm
leaving this section you write the real
easy buster
come at me bro you take your face mask
off I'll take my the big on Beal taking
easy Buster's mask Oh what so you're not
gonna actually show us easy Buster's
face huh you're such a freakin click
banner guys you're a good painter you
know what okay okay calm down you're
just hungry mom mom put the pizza in the
oven okay no great look he went to
Kobe's game the kobe retirement game
okay got im got okay I'm just gonna
watch this one just cuz I want to see
him be ugly you know what I'm saying
retirement
versus the Warriors which is kinda you
know I'm saying like a bubble warriors
fan
babe but it's called me over everything
wait did this guy just put an ad on his
video he made me just watch an ad he's
making money off of me I hate this guy
hey Colby high school Jersey and we're
about to go inside and you know I went
to his last game and that was crazy one
of the best games the best game I've
ever been to one of the craziest
experiences but this one's gonna be
different it's gonna be a little
emotional so we're about to head inside
I got to give a huge shout out to see
geek again for sending me here just like
they did for Kobe's last game so we're
gonna talk about that more later but
let's head inside cuz the games about to
start
halftime is the ceremony I'm already
getting goose bumps so let's go ahead
and then it's gonna be crazy again
Staples Center
alright guys mention the game right now
I can't really show the court because
NBA is cracking down on like YouTube
video showing the courts but halftime
starts in two minutes and 40 seconds
that's where they're doing the jersey
with retirements also watching Lonzo
play for the first time it's pretty
interesting but we see Kobe sitting
courtside oh I think I can show him for
a little bit guys Katie just got dumped
gone Kobe oh oh oh
don't say it me no because there's no
don't say that
Nina stop Nina stop you still have two
all-stars okay don't say that doesn't
matter who thought two all-stars
we still had two all-stars and we let
them go to overtime
that's a disappointing game the
disappointing win you know is the dopest
momento of the night the best moment was
when although his old teammate - hey I
bro
that's what he jumped over - Amorian he
was with them really yeah dogs never
forget yeah the more walk past me - I
didn't bother it was dope man
dope ceremony dope game overtime shot to
see geek man if you guys want $20 off
your tickets your next ticket purchase
link in the description box use my code
it's Q I can't be talking it's q IA s
Caixa
simple and I'll show you guys the app
later and all that stuff but yeah man
this was crazy experience fun times but
you know science it's time to get out of
here below those seats were not even
that good to be honest with you guys I'm
so sorry
oh my god he just uploaded another video
to meet up at footlocker gonna come to
his Meetup he's definitely got no line
at his booth let's watch it
oh wait is he wearing those fake-ass
Presto's again back bark sells fake brat
sells oh I'm so done what up guys we
have footlocker here on Hollywood and
Highland
that's not we're gonna start out the
blog we're doing a mini meetup I just
started promoting it earlier yesterday
shout out to footlocker look at the love
they got my face on the wall right when
you walk in this is the new flagship
store so everything is literally brand
new they got releases that are like sold
out everywhere else but they got him
here so we're just gonna have a quick
little meetup hang out for a little bit
check out the store and have a good time
in Hollywood and Highland LA love
for these twice a bottom up will go to
play in the who's classic it didn't
deliver that I bought him at stadium
Goods I've used them and now they're
here for longer these are so please why
why does she get to do a meet up at
footlocker
what is he done okay he gets all this
free stuff and it doesn't even
appreciate it okay KREM per tank doesn't
even work you're so so dried out your
content is lame it's the same thing over
okay at the Bob unboxing this unboxing
dad be like bro let's watch it though
alright guys so this stuff has been
sitting here since I came back from New
York the only one I've opened is the
Gatorade one which had its own video
over there Gary yeah you see it we have
a whole bunch of other stuff that we're
gonna open we'll start with this because
I already open this one these are the
Nike Jordan Jordan these are the Nike
Kobe jersey retirement jerseys Nike
released these new jerseys at an
overpriced a dollar amount of five
hundred and twenty four dollars and
eight cents and this is black mamba with
the five stars five championships his
signature in the December 18 2017 and
I'm actually gonna frame these when I
get my house so let's just go through
these boxes cuz Alice you don't know
what what'swhat's this was an L what the
kairi's I don't know I don't know what
I'm gonna do with these but I'm probably
gonna keep the pair that I would be war
I think this is a W this is a W from
easy supply so when we were at Berlin
sneaker con Walmart one more go over
there he texted me and he sent me the
link to these and he said that they were
sitting so I bought a pair even though I
already had a pair but you know I'm
saying
can't retail boys second pair of the
gray Calabasas this is from footlocker
footlocker has been blessing me lately
they didn't set they did send me
timberlands but the packaging was crazy
they sent me the stand Star Wars new era
box set which is super super dope so
this one I'll know what it is footlocker
and Puma have teamed up to create an
exclusive collection honor of Netflix's
latest movie bright the Will Smith movie
oh really this is the wolf Smith movie
three months of Netflix this is actually
pretty dope even though I have no idea
what's going on on here oh these are
some high top joints this is a high top
Clyde right yeah Wow
these are pretty interesting shot the
footlocker again always showing me love
alright this is a banger right here
jump man just killed it this year with
the gatorade collection and here's
something oh wow bruh damn it I'm
supposed to do it from the bottom I
messed up redo I know what it is I'm
some of you guys might already know what
it is - but I'm just super excited about
this we got a be like Mike get ready
Jordan cooler look at that we got our
own Gatorade cooler I might have to fill
this up with crap protect or something I
heard that there's only 20 of these they
only made 20 of these and they gave them
out to influencers you know the Jordan
sixes are available right now I wish I
could have unbox this earlier for you
guys but I was in New York on August 8
1991 Michael Jordan and Gatorade reached
a marketing milestone introducing their
be like Mike campaign go ahead and open
it up I'm literally getting all the
stuff I bought the jacket the Gatorade
bottles and now the hoodie damn it
60,000 thumbs up and I'll give away this
the jacket and the Gatorade bottle and
then of course we've got that six is my
second pair of six is very nice very
nice I really want the green pair I need
the green pair obviously I got these
yesterday in the in the Jordan box set
but I appreciate chance for sending me
this packaging I got to keep these with
the package
you guys I'm not doing a giveaway for
these I gotta keep these with the
packaging they sent me a hat this is
another Gatorade hat so I have two of
these now super super clean shout out to
my champ sports fan they always show in
love and blessing you with my double oh
that's it now it's time to clean up you
know even though I watch every single
video and I'm subscribed you still suck
nice another ad god dammit alright guys
I feel like someone just took over my
channel but I don't know things are kind
of weird right now anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed this video it was kind of
like a highlight of everything I've done
over the past few days cuz I haven't
really been vlogging I've been vlogging
but I haven't posted like I usually do
but things are gonna go back to normal
now I do want to give a huge shout out
to my friends over at Sikhi I want to
thank them for putting me in those seats
which were amazing and you know giving
me an experience that I'll never forget
watching Kobe's jerseys go up into the
banners you know it was super super dope
and if anybody wants to go to any type
of events sporting events or concerts or
anything like that
see geek is the way to go it is the best
market place to buy sneakers you know
I've been working with them for so long
now and I keep supporting them and they
keep supporting me and we keep doing
dope stuff together so if anybody else
wants to do a dope event and maybe you
know vlog your experience and show what
kind of tickets you got from z.c geek
just using my code and get $20 off your
next ticket purchase the code is Kai
simple and yeah all types of things like
you know even if you're into wrestling
like I am they are wrestling tickets on
their concerts sporting events like I
just said so shout to see geek make sure
you guys hit the link down below to
download the app and I promise you
you're not gonna be disappointed and
other than that just overall you know
shout out to everybody here I did
mention that I have a sneaker con NYC
video coming out later this week I said
it was supposed to come out Wednesday
but I'm pushing it to Friday because
it's not just a vlog it's a movie it's a
movie that is inspired by one of my
favorite movies which is wolf of Wall
Street
it's
like that wolf of Wall Street style
documentary style and I wanted to switch
it up because as you guys might know
Steve cook on New York is my last
sneaker con it was my last sneaker con
and I wanted to do something a little
more epic than a regular vlog that just
goes in one ear and out the other or in
one eye and I don't know what I'm saying
anymore but yeah this Friday I'll be
uploading sneaker con New York of the
movie that's what I'm titling it and I
also have a discussion video with jacob
jacob star and unknown vlogs about like
2017 fashion and supreme and hype i'm
gonna upload that raw unedited it's a
discussion video I'm probably gonna
upload that tomorrow so there'll be two
videos that I filmed this past weekend
going up over the next two days and then
I've got a whole bunch of other
announcements that I'm gonna be talking
to you guys about this weekend so stay
tuned we do have a huge online drop
towards next week next week we have a
huge online drop with my man blazin
Derry I'll tell you guys more about that
this weekend as well thank you guys
ahead of time for watching this if you
really didn't enjoy the style of this
vlog the way we did it as like a kind of
like a little skit slash perspective
from the haters point of view hit that
thumbs up let me know what you guys
think and if this vlog gets 30,000
thumbs up I need 30,000 thumbs up I'm
giving away the supreme fanny pack that
we got from Paris so brand new supreme
fanny pack
30,000 thumbs up if we get 40,000 thumbs
up I'll even include the little supreme
brand new light thingy so we got a
little supreme giveaway if we can get
40,000 thumbs up we're gonna pretty much
in the vlog so hit the outro screen and
we are out here
