so I'm gonna vlog with the GoPro just
for right now but we're at this Adina
shop they have those no these go for
like 300 do you I need that but can you
check if you have a 10 or 10 and a half
as well
you
huh multicolored I guess the new Easy's
come out next weekend who will be in DC
so if anybody's at sneaker Con and wants
to sell us the new Easy's hit our table
up we'll cop it for retail let's just
say got a guy take a pic for all the
girls up there
okay back to the regular camera now all
right guys so this is where the real
vlog starts we just came from the adidas
store over there on Melrose it's like
the adidas shoe palace pop-up whatever
it is I don't know what it is but it's
dope they had the freakin multi colors a
lot of sizes so if your net let go cop
if you want to call fire kicks
going to DC next weekend I'll be gone
this weekend but we're going to DC next
weekend October 15th make sure you catch
us there come to our table we're going
to be having fun but right now we're
going to Best Buy because I'm going to
see if I can get the cannon a DD now I
know I just bought the GoPro yesterday
and I'm testing out in today's vlog but
I've been wanting to a DD I just never
got around to getting it and I have some
space on my Best Buy card so I'm going
to go charge it to my Best Buy card you
feel me oh yeah that's that's what I'm
going to do right now oh seven fan
should start a YouTube channel fan
Hey look you thinking what they're doing
draw for this right now
yeah I was that to pick it up this
weekend in LA I'm both answer that right
now even though I have a pair shout-out
to mocha to shatter the backboard David
you know sort of vlogging channel snap
guys my blog camera look at this camera
right here guys it's got like a freaking
it's 4k though the pretty dope but what
you get in so I just got the 70 L I just
got the a DD filming a DD I just got the
AED I'm about to switch it off right now
you guys are probably not going to know
it difference but but I just got the
body at in violence we make homeless
woman no I bought just the body Oh
jeepers 600 other secret
I'm going on a trip this weekend so you
know how to upgrade one time a DD
we gotta take all the stuff off that
camera
wait what do you guys move me
new camera alert just a bigger and
better thing
apparently the autofocus is really good
on this one so we'll test it out let's
test it out right here
it's I'm lining in there that's really
good we'll see how this thing works why
are you posing for like a freaking
JCPenney Calla catalog I'm trying to
convince this girl to see me this
weekend for dinner but she's not - wait
are you recording this table that's
going in the vlog exposed so we're going
around - right now just because we're
passing by so might as well stop by and
see if there's any anything we can cut
that's actually really good today oh
they have all this how much is this
holy signs for obviously probably
pastors because I already have a six and
a half so I don't really want to roads
first red ice-cream cone which is the
roster see I'm gonna expose these guys
right now I may expose my own friends
see this is what they do okay we go
somewhere like this and we go we go to a
dessert place and really oh yeah let's
all get dessert we come here i order and
I turn around and like are you guys
gonna order they're like no so then I
end up looking like the fat ass and
these guys all got these folks we never
wanted you you suggested and you get it
just go oh no no that's no I
said that oh let's get some dessert or
cost ya down or you're on though and
this is
talk to me die so I just got a package
you gonna be seeing me rock this out a
lot even though my beamers dirty I
probably don't have any I shouldn't be
wearing this on because my car's too
dirty but let's just say I shot at
omocha skirts good good yeah a lot of
people were asking me on social media if
we're gonna sell these and then I was
like nods friends and family only
and then everybody tweeted me back
saying oh I thought we were your family
we thought I thought the crew is your
family you guys is right you know I'm
saying you guys are right but this was a
gift so I mean the 27 of them that I do
have are going to be given up two very
special people even though you guys are
my family but maybe we will release
something similar in the near future but
let me know if you guys would actually
cop if you release something like this
not not this one exactly but sometimes a
little chain with the crew
representation on it you know
but anyway what cost is missing again
you ready to go fam yeah all right let's
go
this right here is pretty much all my
basic camera equipment and the reason
why I'm pulling all this out is because
as you see mainly like I bought the
GoPro which is right there I bought the
camera today which is what I'm recording
on there's a few other things in here
that I haven't even shown you guys hold
on first of all I mean basically this
right here the new GoPro Hero 5 is
probably my new favorite purchase it's
very convenient thing I'm working with
the wrong settings right now but I'm
gonna have to look into it this is
waterproof it doesn't have a case on it
and it has waterproof it has a screen
that's the dope thing compared to the
one that I had last year
there is no screen on it oh and then
also the cool thing about this Hero 5 is
watch this I'm not going to press
anything I'm just gonna put it in my
hand and I'm gonna say GoPro take a
picture you see that camera and then
obviously you know got the accessories
for the Canon I got the g7 X this is
from when I don't want to carry the big
camera around but I also use it for like
events because they don't let you take
that big-ass camera to events and things
like that so this thing right here is a
lifesaver it's my old vlog camera when I
first moved to LA I was using this thing
and if you actually watch the first vlog
when I moved to LA I'm actually talking
about how bad this camera was but that's
because I used to use it all the time
but now that I think about it this thing
is pretty sexy and dope this thing right
here I bought because Casey Neistat used
it and I was looking for 360 camera and
this is the one I went with because my
favorite youtuber uses it so I got it
too but anyway I have yet to use it I
have a few ideas that I want to use it
for but I haven't executed it yet this
right here was the first camera that I
started vlogging with and this port
right here doesn't work again another
problem that a lot of youtubers have
with this camera so whenever you guys
see that blurry b-roll footage in my
vlogs it's from this camera right here
with this lens which is a freaking four
lens it's a 55 to 50 millimeter a lot of
people don't know that that
the reason why I always wear a backpack
when I'm out is because I have this on
me so when I'm vlogging or traveling I
always keep two big-ass cameras on me so
just because I like to give you guys the
best quality footage and things like
that those are the behind the scenes
things that people really don't know and
I'm not sitting here telling you
appreciate me because I carry around two
cameras but it's just a fun fact that I
thought I would tell you guys is when
you see those slow-motion shots that's
coming from a completely different
camera this is the camera that I was
using earlier today other than that a
whole bunch of memory cards batteries
the tripod thing you that people always
think is a adult toy when I go to
airports and things like that oh by the
way my drone is not here obviously
because it's under my bed right now but
I kind of retired it I don't really use
it that much but let's just say I
ordered a new one and it's coming pretty
soon yeah
