Saru I've dug Wow I'm just gonna Wow
it's a beautiful day in Los Angeles
that's what I meant to say right there
when I messed up a three-minute time
lapse I'm pumping gas right now pump
pump pump it up
thank you well thank you I don't think
I've ever mentioned this but Minah she
lives an hour and a half from me without
traffic so yeah anyway I'm going to her
side of town bending day with her she
gets off work at 4:30 it's currently one
o'clock I'm going a little bit early so
that I can beat the traffic probably
gonna post up out of Starbucks or
something and do my editing so okay so
you down it's gonna be November 5th and
6th so the game is gonna be on Sunday
okay let me just let me talk way
it's good secret channel
going a little crazy here at PacSun
they've got a lot of dope I was online
shopping with them yesterday and I
really wanted to buy some stuff and then
I realized I'm coming to the mall today
so a few things
did you say
nevermind so while I'm at PacSun of
course she's here
I hate walking into this store by myself
I feel like a creep I got all this stuff
for $200 we just like to see there's
$250 but it's a lot of stuff take six
pieces like then look at all this we
made it to Best Buy ten minutes before
they closed so that I can get the GoPro
we left the mall we rushed over here but
we wait to get the GoPro
yeah we're getting the GoPro you said
you're making a payment well I have to
make a payment to I didn't even check if
this location has it another location by
my house has it so hopefully is that
really want one yeah
right there baby
guys I'm so excited for this
you know what I'm excited about let me
show you this nobody cares about thank
you
tell me that is not so cute did you go
make a face that's so cute it's enough
anyway go grow we got the GoPro I'm
gonna open this when I get home tonight
but it's time for some target right
target therapy I don't know I'm leaving
Best Buy without a cute glitter case
well I would wait like it's like imagine
someone tells you hey you got something
for your bother like weeks ago right and
now the time has come and you're just
like and then they're like oh wait no
after this oh yeah I told you a week ago
yeah okay don't like first of all my
car's dirty as hell the easies are
coming because I owe you Easy's I took
it out on you thinking look at the tag
we just open the box go ahead hopefully
innocence
oh my god it's not what you think it is
but it's still dope as hell I'm getting
my purse into so let's just see the
black adidas bucks anything I do does is
nice but I've never seen a black adidas
box so oh yeah handle my voice
Wow okay Travis go okay where did you
fight them huh what's this an emailer
are these real yeah I was so excited
everyone my first pair of nmds and
number two when we saw the home yeah
then I remember thinking like because
they were so bright I was like oh my god
those are dope like and now I have a bag
and you know what I'm wearing it to work
on casual Friday right for work okay I'm
really happy I'm getting my payoff Dario
they are view how do you know cuz why
are they so light
that's nmds how many of you guys have
gotten scammed by eBay a lot of people
yeah why you think you're gonna get
paired yeah meeting with their party
isn't this like how are you gonna wear
this well it looks like pink I'll go
pull it off you know sometimes I do want
to show you guys everything I buy and
then sometimes I don't want to show you
guys everything I buy because sometimes
I just feel like you know throwing on an
outfit and then you guys being surprised
like damn that's a sick fit but then I
also like to show you guys like my
pickups in case anybody else wants to go
cop it to all this stuff though
even though I kind of showed it to you
already
I kind of want to just not show you guys
so that when I put the outfits together
and piece them they look dope okay so I
just got home and it's really dark
super excited I had this waiting outside
my door so let's go ahead and open this
up first things first because this is
something that I'm really excited about
all I know about this little box right
here is that Farooq told me the other
day when we were on the phone that he
sent me a little something and he said
this is your birthday present I have no
idea what it is so I'm gonna go in and
open it up with you guys
first things first happy born day
brother
much love F another year of wins
thank you for with this note right here
with all my other notes there's a bunch
of bags right here I'm really excited to
see what the hell is inside of this I
think I know what it is but I don't know
what it is exactly no way
this is sick this is friends and family
only y'all ready to see this when I flip
this around
there's about probably I want to say
like 20 of these in here is that going
to my close friends and my family
members buy fruit thank you brother I
really appreciate this this means the
world to me I'm gonna be rocking this
around my neck my squad gonna be rocking
this around my neck I hope you kept one
for yourself and for a few of the guys
over at five pillars drink ooh baby 2007
this is where this is i'ma wear this
around my neck with pride every single
time I can man this right here
represents you know hard work since 2007
not giving up on my dream weight around
my neck for myself for my team for you
guys for all the people that believed in
me I got
put this on right now let's go baby this
is so sick man so simple right they're
so freakin simple man I'm gonna open all
these I can I show them to the squad
right now I'm so excited I don't even
want to unbox the GoPro right now I
really don't need one unbox the GoPro
you see these if I have any left over I
might give a one away but no promises
yet because I get friends and family so
go
