I hate waking up this late sometimes it
is already 12:40 to feel like I already
wasted the whole day I got to get my
sleeping schedule back to what it used
to be where I wake up early sometimes
sleep early but I just stay up too late
man and it's not because I can't sleep
it's just because I don't like sleeping
I'd rather be working I'll sleep when
I'm dead it's good to stay started okay
so the first thing I got to do when I
wake up before I even eat is make sure
that I edit today's vlog I actually
started editing it last night which I do
most nights but then I always end up not
finishing and then I'll finish off in
the morning
it is currently now 221 I finally did
get able to get to my laptop back to
take care of all my phone calls and
emails so now the vlog is going to be up
a little bit late today but at least I'm
going to get it up before probably 3:00
p.m. which is pretty good because that's
6:00 p.m. on the East Coast so but
before I do get into the editing we got
to take care of some sneaker shit
air mags
okay so let me break it down for you the
Nike Air Mag is the sneaker from Back to
the Future 2 I'm pretty sure he is I'll
know about it so I'm not going to get
too into the sneaker itself all right
the year that the movie took place when
he gets the shoes is 2015 so everyone
expected Nike to drop that shoe last
year on the same exact date now I
honestly don't remember what the date is
they didn't do that all they did was
announced that they are going to be
releasing the shoe in 2016 now honestly
I don't really even care about the Air
Mags now I'm probably going to get
flamed for this but I haven't even seen
the Back to the Future movie any of them
so I don't really even care for these
shoes obviously they're dope shoots
doped the dope sneaker in the sneaker
culture don't want to have them I don't
have any interest in having them if I do
somehow get them I will use them to
trade or sell to be honest with you guys
it is now October in 2016 and they just
said hey we're gonna release the shoe
but there's only less than a hundred of
them less than a hundred and the way
that you can win them is through a
raffle but you have to pay for $10 for
each raffle entry first of all I think
that idea is very very good I really
like the idea behind the ten dollar
raffle it's a great way to raise money
for Parkinson's disease which is what
Michael J Fox has from what I hear
there's 89 pairs I think I saw that on
Twitter or something there's like 89
pairs like why why and on top of that
they only give you four options to
select in size so basically I'm going to
fill this out my hair probably looks
really weird in this shit each ticket
will cost $10 and there's no limit to
the number of tickets you can buy I
really like the whole idea of raising
money that way instead of just doing an
auction where the shoe is probably going
to sell for more than $20,000 and a
regular Joe like myself or anyone else
won't be able to buy that shoe it's only
going to go to celebrities or rich
people it gives every single one of us a
chance to buy the shoe but again
ninety-eight pears why why can't you at
least do a thousand pairs like 2,000
pairs give more people a chance to own
the damn shoe 98 pairs is nothing so the
sizes you can select from our size 7 9
11 and 13
I personally am going to purchase 10
tickets I'm going to donate $100
so in conclusion obviously I'm not
trying to get on Nikes bad side or
whatever it is but from my point of view
from the consumers point of view
obviously they put a lot of work into
the shoe and and this is all going to a
great cause but from the consumers point
of view like 89 freaking pairs but
anyway good luck to everybody I hope at
least one of you guys has a chance of
winning if you guys do want to enter
into the draw again it is $10 a ticket
it is in the description box down below
because I didn't link it I usually don't
link things like this but since the
sneaker causes going to charity and it's
not just going to go to the pockets of
Nike or anything like that it is in the
description box down below if you do
want to purchase tickets to try to win
the mag I mean 10 bucks doesn't hurt
anybody and again it goes to a good
cause
so that's how you can win Nike Air Mags
with Auto power
lacing is that what it's called power
lacing alright I'm gonna get back to
editing and I'll see you guys later
damn this lighting is really good by the
way so you're not gonna get time lapses
all that goody-good you're not even
gonna get me leaving this room in
today's vlog and I apologize for that
because I literally stayed home all day
long and I'm not ashamed of it because I
was doing a lot of things like all those
post-it notes you see on those the wall
right there
it's some big notes on there let's just
say hashtag big notes big note alert
basically I'm planning out sneaker con
New York is a huge event it's a two-day
sneaker con so I've got a lot going on
all the merch is pretty much being made
for that sneaker Kong exclusive New York
City merch I can't tell you guys what it
is yet I usually like to reveal it the
week of or the week before
but despite the merch for New York
sneaker calling I kind of like a lot of
people already know what's happening but
there's a slight teeny bitty little
all pretty much going to happen chance
that there is going to be the second
annual hoops classic at New York sneaker
con now I'm not saying that it's
happening just yet but stay tuned I'm
giving you guys too much information
first of all New York sneaker con is in
November
what about DC sneaker calling DC sneaker
con is on October 15th that is like less
than two weeks away guys me and fired
kicks will be there so that's that
sneaker con those are my two upcoming
big events that are happening what was I
going to say what was I going to say
there's a reason why I turn this camera
on oh yeah man I actually have a meeting
on Monday next Monday but I have to fly
there this weekend and it takes ten
hours to get there so that's all I'm
going to say I can't tell you guys where
I'm going and I'll be back in LA for
like a day or two and then we come back
and then we leave to DC for sneaker con
and yeah man it's gonna be super lit and
super dope so a lot of dope things
happening at the end of this month I
know this vlog was not super crazy and a
lot of people are gonna comment Vogue's
are falling off some days I stay home
and it's like some days I'm in my ez
some days I'm in my vans I'm out here
dream cuckoo P you already know what it
is
