I had a conversation with my dad last
night meanwhile my next neighbor just
died I know it's dark I see a star in
the sky
I know it's God he been holding me down
I don't ever wanna fall on my knees
again cuz I know what it feels like and
I know when your friends drift away to
the dark side
let's get everybody so as you can tell
we are at Universal Studios Hollywood
for the day running the line passes
because you know we're not trying to
stand in line it's a Sunday it's super
crowded I'm super excited I haven't been
here in like three years they got the
new Fast and Furious ride which I really
want to go on and then like all the
other dope ass rides like The Mummy and
all that stuff
fast and furious is in the studio tours
what it's not actual right so my
favorite part of Universal Studios is
ring field which is basically The
Simpsons whole world they got the actual
kwik-e-mart here they got like Moe's bar
over there they have like all the stuff
that you see in the Simpson shows now I
don't want Simpsons anymore but when I
was a kid I saw watch Simpsons and
Family Guy I think we all did all every
guy did but yeah let's go looking and
they actually have doughnuts the size of
the ones in The Simpsons
in the Conner hearts don't you lose
yourself lose yourself lose yourself
you've got no one to please I promise
you can go to any don't you lose
yourself lose yourself lose yourself
you've got no one to please I promise
you can go to anything nobody is perfect
and no one should feel pain I just wanna
love everybody not judge one another coz
we're all the same so love your
neighbour like yourself
I lost my neighbour but not my self am I
going through this thing called life and
make them in above when I sleep at night
don't you lose yourself lose yourself
lose your stuff you've got no one to
please I promise you
guys the Harry Potter ride was late it
was hella dope
was the first time I ever went on it I
wasn't expecting that but it was sick
man it was really cool
lose yourself lose yourself lose
yourself you've got no one to please I
promise you can go to Andy's don't you
owe your
la at the Staples Center where's it at
the lighting is really bad right there
there we go that's the Staples Center
I'm at the Staples Center tonight it's
Monday night so that means for the first
time in a while Monday Night Raw is here
at Staples Center and you know I had to
go baby you know I had to be here and
you know I'm sitting ringside baby let's
have a good time I'm probably not gonna
blog ringside cause last time we did
that they told us put our cameras away
so I'm gonna be snapchatting and I'll
put my snapchats in here thank you guys
I just put my jacket on look at this I
gotta show you guys the back of the
jacket but it's freaking fire but anyway
I know a lot of people are like probably
like all this guy's so weird he goes to
wrestling events by himself I mean it's
like going to the movies by yourself I
don't see anything wrong with it if you
enjoy something especially a show where
you're just watching something is sure
it's fun to have your homies there with
you but it doesn't mean you can't have a
good time alone you know I mean
especially at something like the movies
it's like you're not there to talk with
someone you watch the movie you know but
whatever teaches home you're home saying
I enjoy going to things alone I enjoy go
to wrestling alone I don't have too many
friends for watch wrestling so if I do
get a friend to go with me is because
I'm dragging them along you know what
I'm saying but yeah I'm gonna go get
some food first because I'm hungry as
hell
thanks bro
all of a sudden hey just got home from
Monday Night Raw had a great time like I
do at all
WWE events still waiting for WWE to
notice me one day but hopefully it
happened soon basically I wanted to end
the vlog by talking about yesterday so
yesterday at Universal Studios I've
logged the whole day I had over like 10
gigabytes of footage and then I realized
when I got home and started editing that
my audio was messed up it was super loud
like headphone users rest in peace I had
to cut out so much BS in there and kind
of make it like a mini music video I'm
sorry for that that's why yesterday I
didn't even post a vlog and I told you
guys on that all that on Twitter so I
apologize I mean sometimes I do make
little mistakes and I realized what my
mistake was and I had my mic on the
wrong settings but now we should be fine
one part of the vlog that I cut out
yesterday was when I told you guys that
I just opened
finally a peel box I opened the peel box
as a way for you guys to maybe you know
if you want to send me a letter or if
you guys do want to send me something
small hopefully I don't want anything
big but anything it could be anything
whatever you guys want to send to me is
just a way for me to have a connection
with you guys because there's even like
clothing brands that want to throw me
clothing and there's just like people
want to send me just letters like
anything would honestly bleep be a
blessing to receive from you guys I love
when I get drawings I love when I get
letters I do keep every single one of
them and then one day I'm gonna put them
all in an album or something I don't
know what I'm gonna do with them but I
do appreciate I'm not that guy that
takes it and throws it away you know I'm
saying one thing though I will request
is for you guys please don't send me
used sneakers because something that
happens at events which I want to see
I'm like I'm super grateful and like I
appreciate the gesture and everything
like that but sometimes people bring me
used sneakers and like y'all want you to
have these sometimes they're not even my
size sometimes they're dope as you guys
can see I
tons of sneakers right here I don't need
more sneakers not just even one sneakers
regular sneakers don't send me regular
sneakers unless you want to send me some
Easy's or something I'm just kidding you
guys don't need to do that I know a lot
of people do it just to be like yo I
gave types of pair of sneakers and I
appreciate it I really do and I kind of
probably sound arrogant and like a dick
saying oh you think you're a big show
you're because people give you sneakers
no that's not what it is like I'm I'm
telling you guys keep your shoes and put
them to good use because I have too many
shoes
and I really don't need anymore so thank
you guys I appreciate it but honestly
just a letter helps maybe a Target gift
card
no I'm just kidding no talking to gift
cards a letter helps like you don't have
to don't feel obligated that you have to
send me anything it's just there to be
there so if you guys really want to send
me something I'm sure it already popped
up on the screen but this is my peel box
right here I also share the peel box
with yg and Achmed so if you guys want
to send them something feel free to send
them something you don't have to but
it's just something that we wanted to do
and have to be able to connect with you
guys if you guys want to do send us
something obviously I'm gonna be doing a
mail time segment something like that I
don't know what I'm gonna call it
probably like crew mail mail with the
crew or something like that I'm gonna do
it probably like once a week in my vlogs
or something like that I haven't figured
it out yet but just wanted to let you
guys know that as that in other news
sneaker con Washington DC is in two
weeks October 15 so I better see you
guys there we're gonna be selling that I
feel like a hypebeast t-shirts the camel
ones it's probably gonna be the last
time that we released I feel like I hide
B shirts and most likely it is I think
it is I don't think we're gonna do
anymore other than DC and then for New
York sneaker con which is November 5th
and six I will be selling merch but I
have something special up my sleeve so
stay tuned for that now before I end the
vlog one more thing for my DC family so
for anybody who buys a shirt or a hat or
both they get a raffle ticket the winner
at the end of the day is gonna win a
prize when we pulled that raffle ticket
and the prize that we're gonna be giving
away is this the dream crew
one of two Stan's socks Jim cou box
special edition thingy and it's gonna be
filled with tons of free socks I think
there's over like 25 socks in here and
basically I'm gonna be giving this box
away only in Washington DC that sneaker
con originally I was supposed to give
this away after scavenger hunt in LA but
it didn't come in time so I'm gonna take
it to DC with me and one of you lucky DC
DMV Virginia baltimore maryland you guys
are gonna be able to take this home so
yeah if you buy anything shirt hat
whatever it is for every item you buy
you will get one raffle ticket so if you
buy both you'll get two raffle tickets
and at the end of the day we will pull
that raffle ticket and one lucky guy
will be going or girl will be going home
with this one of to dream crew Stan's
socks box sets that's it for today's
video hope you guys enjoyed sorry for
the bad audio again I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a very good quality video
all right I'm out of here my dad last
night me Wow my next neighbor just died
I know it's dark I see a star up in the
sky I know the sky he been holding me
down I don't know
