it's not that bad hold on bedrooms nasty
don't tell people to subscribe it's so
dirty I can write anything let's get
everybody it's a beautiful Saturday out
here in LA well actually we're in
Burbank
oh I just worked in Burbank right now
five kids Friday's
619 runs in Scarborough you already know
what it is damn it's hella fact we're at
IKEA right now what are we doing you see
a year ago when I moved to Los Angeles I
didn't want a bed frame you know I'm
saying I wanted to sleep on the floor
people you know made fun of me
oh you can buy shoes but you can't buy a
bed frame it was a personal decision
one year later you know well let me
start like that saying this as you guys
know I was looking for an apartment but
then I made the decision that I'm gonna
stay at when I'm at for a few more
months probably finish out the rest of
the year and then that's when I decided
you know what since I would be here for
like three four more months if I decide
to stay even longer I don't know yet but
I'm just gonna get myself a desk for
working and a bed frame and a few other
things so a little bit of a makeover
coming today's a very iconic day bed
frame stories Chronicles part 1 let's
have some fun at IKEA alright guys so I
already found the table I want
we got a look at this thing right here
and then you got to go to the warehouse
in the fall like this place right now so
you just take a picture of it my phone
plus gangue this is the table right here
super simple $24 guys $24 Nancy I'm
making dinner tonight what do you want
oh what you making are you eating
dessert before dinner
aw shucks go to your room
piece of upon the death
what's good everybody welcome today's
video we are in my living room and we're
gonna be doing the ice cream shop that
water flip challenge okay ready
does it have to be a full or empty no
 it's actually a good challenge I
think the water is about to come
oh nothing before we get kicked out in
space actually gonna buy stuff that's
the thing what are you doing why do you
feel we I've never done that I've never
seen one in person
all right people are looking at us we're
just get out of here before we get
kicked our guys
found the bedframe found the bedframe
legs found the computer techs found the
chair I just need some lighting I want
to change the right
why I'm filming the product set up in a
bike
like sitting in this they'll make
youtube video okay yeah unfortunately
there is no important you can take
pictures with your phone or not okay
yeah
okay I think we're almost done here
all right guys this is the freaking bed
frame I thought it was like already
built but we got to build a bed frame
chair oh no we have to go back huh
you know are you gonna go driving right
now
because this is the line for the ovios
right here
I'm just kidding that's just the right
this thing hey yo so we ran into these
homies that Nike and then showed me his
background hey Missy what's up - Oh
Martin to meet with all the yes yeah so
all the people complaining they didn't
get their orders be patient it's coming
looking for some food in the grove
farmers market I just bought this iPhone
case
sidenote all right guys so I'm trying to
convince fire kids to go to Maggiano's
and let's just say it took one take so
we gonna eat that much yeah knows
Italian food I'm just gonna get some
alfredo pasta tomorrow my diets gonna
start not shut up about this you know
tomorrow we going hard I promise you
fountain will wake up early I'm gonna go
throw a run look I'm gonna redo my whole
room all right that means new room new
me you know I'm saying get back into the
gym get ready for the next year condoms
lassic you have one month one month I
know one month I haven't even announced
the game Loki was just sending clues but
other than that I mean obviously are you
ready for sneaker con DC yes sir sneaker
con DC is going to be late October 15th
for the people wondering what merch
we're gonna be selling I'm gonna be
selling we're gonna be restocking on the
camo tees
now I feel like a high-pitched camo
tease and what the cool about yeah I
don't want the current oh my god about
the hitters don't like the crew on the
back boom so yeah so the camo tees as
well as these hats right here I feel
like the height beasts black ones that
you've been seeing me rock every day so
just for the people wondering now let's
go get some Maggiano's
- time lapses on his channel guys every
time we go out to eat whether it's a
nice restaurant or whether it's freakin
McDonald's he does a food timelapse
behind behind the scene alright guys so
I kind of did an unintentional clickbait
on Twitter so I tweeted saying after
year of saving up I finally did it
tomorrow's vlog will blow your minds I
really got one and I wasn't even
intentionally doing quick bait to make
anybody think I got the eyee
but everybody tweeted me over like 60
tweets in like 10 minutes people saying
I ate and then I had to tweet saying oh
I didn't even try to cook plate over
Twitter but it happened oh well so I'm
sorry to anybody who got fooled by my
tweet but yeah anyway also one more
thing before I start eating shout out to
everybody that thumbs up the vlog with
hairs to get 25,000 thumbs up to get it
to come to New York sneaker con let's
just say
see there HK oh my God look who's
setting up the time last night
eat one and take one home that's the
Maggiano's way Italian okay
what's good fam all of a sudden
we're gonna take a picture outside that
car
but the mechanic Tilda you'll see the
background about girls on the side
day
if you tell it to people we go from boys
to men let's start building
this is the secret corner but I don't
know if I'm gonna keep it like this
there's a good quote backdrop yeah
what's good mother okay so this is the
laugh I got because this is the lamp
when I moved in here this was already
here so basically I just kept using it
but now this one doesn't even work like
I have to unplug it to turn it on and
off and on top of that this light is
really dark if you watching me vlog at
the end of the night like I always have
to just go like this because it's so
damn freaking dark like if I'm over here
like there's no light so let's see how
bright this new one is oh that's way
brighter but I need something else I
feel like yeah off the ceiling there we
go oh holy Wow and when I film to like
low key yeah I never use that big one
the twin bed frame the hardest part this
is the big moment guys the best thing
guys look what freaking bed frame
there's the best friend in here oh my
gosh are you guys ready for this we've
got the five pillars carpet we've got
the wrestling chairs the wrestling belt
we've got the stacks all the way to the
roof we're gonna organized actual shoes
over here you have this cabinet which
has my camera equipment YouTube trophies
I mean plaques that stuff my little
office which I'm gonna be working and
then this got the this dope-ass
two-toned chair with the saint-laurent
bag bag bag bag easy box no change there
this is the biggest change of my life
that's the bed frame the bed the
mattress is off the floor but I actually
hate it but I'll talk about that in a
minute okay
the lamp which is pretty cool this is
gonna be my little thingy but basically
okay so right when I laid on the bed I
think the mat bed frame is kind of stiff
so what I'm gonna do is tomorrow I'm
gonna probably go to Target and buy
another layer just to put under the
mattress to give it a little bit more of
a feel like the carpet and if for some
reason after like a week or so it's
still stiff because I'll have back
problems I'm pretty sure because you
step back problems and then I'm gonna
get rid of the bed frame and just stick
to the floor again because times are
tough gee that's my shout out to this
guy for helping me out with everything
I like the office dodging that's my
favorite part
yeah but it needs something yeah
I should expose cellophane L'Orange here
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
video and you have any last words g6 I
think our brother yeah
