my next haircut
all of a sudden alright guys so today I
am a reseller I have to come to Mac Park
to get a size 2 up easy I know gotcha
yeah so I had to buy these and I'm gonna
go sell them to someone I can't say who
it's for but I mean you know sometimes
you just gotta play both sides of the
squad you know me yeah but it don't do
that with your relationships that's
weird I guess so I just dropped off the
easies anyway we're at the mall right
now he needs an outfit she doesn't know
where this stuff called a butt call this
crazy thank you tonight is gonna be part
three of the summer 16 Los Angeles
adventures I don't know why I don't know
how but we're going to the concert
tonight but let's just say we're not
gonna be front row but we're gonna be in
a good section we hear again the forum
night 3 in Inglewood show 6 in Los
Angeles area
Drizzy Drake no one else in front row
today will let other people have those
seats to the office cam got to be humble
blessed to be able to watch Drake
perform twice in front wall front row
today we are in a different area which
is still going to be an experience
we're in a friends-and-family VIP area I
can't see how we've got you ticket
let's have another great night man guys
the coop hold up hey let's just say
compliments of the company this is round
two for you
round two is around three four you'll a
times three plus two is the pot this out
one more Vina wristband gang I can tell
you guys because this is going up the
day after but there's a lot of surprise
guests coming out or it's a night show I
got the inside scoop let's just say Shan
dong
as you guys can see I'm starting the
vlog and sneaker heaven we've been here
before but we are back again I'm gonna
show you guys whose house we are in a
minute but he's setting up because we're
gonna start filming but look at this
guy's sneaker heaven you guys right for
this was crib over yeah I guess we are
at Kenny's house aka perfect parents
house if you guys didn't know what you
guys probably already know because it
went up on crew cakes he is taking over
crew kicks for the whole month of
October on Friday is not every day on
Friday so basically every Friday it's
gonna be called the perfect is out the
name are going with right at the perfect
Friday's the perfect Friday's different
types of themes for each video just a
little bit something different so you
can get to know him better you guys can
get to see more of his recent pick ups
and gems and all that good stuff and I
think it's gonna be dope so hopefully
you guys tune in follow his gram all
that good stuff but I'm gonna take a
look right now cuz I haven't seen some
stuff in this sneaker room in a minute
so let me just find some there's one gym
that I saw that kind of got me excited
right here look at these I don't know if
I saw this last time but these are just
beautiful to me Ray Allen 12 you see it
beautiful this is from Boston days or
Sonic oh yeah Sonic I completely forgot
about that
sonic days 12 got the whole damn
you've got a whole bunch of these
freaking razors there's a couple green
sneakers here man this is just a preview
of what you guys can expect an October
man what else we got
see what I'm sayin for New Year's fetus
out of all the players whose shoe do you
have the most PE Weiss I have a lot of
UJ Pease in a lot of realities well
thank you oh man guys top five top five
Rafi
moment of truth I don't know if I want
to I'll see the three first you guys
ready for this
this is I think this is on everyone's
wish list
honestly do you think these will ever
release but now that I just said that
watch them release they're watching
they're paying attention these are the
Kobe Jordan 3's it came in this friends
and family pack right here as you guys
can see this is the first one of the
pack it is just Jordan 3 Kobe Lakers
colorway copy actually played in this
colorway I saw as you guys can see super
sexy super dope man the quality is
amazing so that's the 3 and then this
right here the 8 which I like a little
bit more but I know Jordan fans love the
3 so I like this oh yeah I heard about
that this is the 8 will you ever be
wearing these yes really
very soon nice you have a special date
in mine are whenever you feel like
breaking necks these are so sick
