again right guys are outside the ovo
store the owl here I don't know we are
here because we're gonna enter the
raffle anyway can i buy cute outfit for
the concert tonight don't everybody kid
offer for where we're headed tonight
yeah dirty no all they do
we're at the ovo store but to enter the
raffle for the ovo Jordan 12s you have
to put what size you want yes ice ten so
you think I'm gonna give you you think
I'm gonna enter at the size ten why else
do you think I told you to come here
today I'm not a this I didn't know you
they don't have size seven why I don't
win a raffle bring your girl to give
advice all right guys so we got two
entries into the ovo raffle hopefully we
win these you know saying so you Andy
yeah with you patience is key guys so I
just came from Apple and I'm proud to
announce that I just got the iPhone 7
plus yeah I went in to ask the workers
dad and the iPhone 7 plus is and he said
no unfortunately we sold out said I told
her to go and ask him because she's a
female and he said oh all of a sudden
yeah we have iPhone plus so shout out to
the guy Apple in the Grove who rejected
me for some reason cuz I'm not a girl
Gold iPhone 7 120 maybe gold iPhone plus
is the first time that I've had a plus
now if you read all your text messages
I'm proud to announce that this is the
first ever iphone 7 review on YouTube
designed by Apple in California every
Apple product comes with stickers
welcome to the iPhone in the box we've
got the iPhone right here
iPhone yeah the adapter these are the
headphones they try to make them look
like through the wireless ones but
really doesn't come with the new
wireless ones you got to pay an extra
hundred fifty bucks Wow look at this
bruiser E
old gold to the new gold I wish they
made the front plates gold but they make
it white but whatever we all witness
history right now as we turn it on ma'am
the iPhone 7 first ever review on
YouTube hola Oh shake it up on my Wi-Fi
oh my god the touch ID like I'm holding
an iPad do I want to report when my
phone messes up I in a snitch
alright the moment I was waiting for all
this after all this setup stuff iPhone
game but there seems to be a spot on my
phone so let's go clean this sumbitch
hey cool still works as a sneakerhead
oh my god what is this contraption as a
sneakerhead about it now as a
sneakerhead
why is this cell phone so important as a
sneakerhead you know we tend to like to
show off our sneakers you know it's it's
not about bragging it's a friendly
competition so on Instagram a lot of
sneakerhead like to post their sneakers
so it's very important that you have a
camera on your phone that's nice and
it's good for sneaker pictures so that's
why I think this phone right here the
iPhone 7 in my opinion is the best phone
for a sneaker head I mean I haven't
played or tested out any other phones
but I'm just gonna say it's the best
phone first thing go ahead let me show
you guys why I'm just going to get the
looing logo and you'll notice that the
stuff in the background blurs out so let
me take the brightness down right there
notice how the background on this photo
right here is blurry another dope thing
about this camera is the zoom thingy you
see somebody rocking a dope sneaker and
you want to take a quick pic without
them noticing you just press that button
right there and it zooms in and then you
can actually you know manually zoom into
so if you see pair of face you can
expose his ass like this but
also so there you guys have it the
iPhone 7 plus or the iPhone 7 is
approved by a sneakerhead
a hypebeast one so this is Drake's fifth
show in Los Angeles
this dude is taking over Los Angeles
five times still has a sixth show
tomorrow look at this there's howls up
there guys
hi guys just got in so we're still
outside technically but just got into
the arena area first of all no
disrespect because I know a lot of girls
come here dressed up to have a good time
but some of these girls come here
dressed up as a big like Drake to take
them home I mean yeah but I know it some
girls just like to just up have a good
time
yeah cuz it's smaller look at this
feet right here
so tricky gone here
and even got
Oh
we got it
Oh
that's my brother
hey my dude came with the one white ovo
black
