all this out of huh what's going on guys
so I think we're starting to log the
same way we started off yesterday I'm
with these two guys acceptable cost of
driving this time like a maniac
I got this we are in LA traffic Friday
LA traffic which is 10 times worse than
regular LA traffic but LA traffic is
still bad we're going to pick up
somebody from the airport later today
but first we're going to pick up fire
kicks because this weekend is a
celebration it is a celebration of life
success hard work crew cakes my birthday
and just friends coming together you
know what I'm saying here to start the
vlog off with any positive energy or no
you already started with negative is
just an arrow beautiful what are you
what do you think oh god people are
dying all over the world how would be
constructive distraction to anything
that asses with it if you are in terms
of my color materials
taking load 6:18 yeah sure room 405
did you drop it I didn't drop it you
knocked over the thing when you turned
it on
Oh touch it just give me a napkin I
thought you read over there I thought
it's sitting over there I want to look
cool would you do that
uh Nina's gonna be touching you so one
day I decide to wear a baseball jersey
this guy goes and changed and put some
baseball jersey let's just say twinsies
all right guys so we had 30 minutes to
kill until our first guest lands so it
came to the park out here in El Segundo
and uh I don't know
wait did you bring your camera to take
pictures fan I see you freak Aditi that
pizza guys is it recording do you take
me a fruit yeah I want to stay on the
die I wanna stay consistent I am really
our birthday cake with you oh ho I can't
do it it's a volleyball this guy said I
have a soccer ball
what a man I'm goin hard next week fan
let's just say I'm getting ready I got a
commercial next week next month really
till my commercial
we've got the st. Pablo tour next month
we got the decease Nika Khan next month
we're going to get in shape what Allah
what commercial do you guys let's how
cool this park is in El Segundo it has a
freakin hockey slash soccer court field
what is it I don't know but let me show
you guys you see my dad used to play
soccer I still got a little bit of scale
Oh successful yeah I was the biggest
disappointment to my dad he wanted me to
play soccer and like I quit when I was a
kid because I scored on my own goal and
I was embarrassed so I never played
soccer again I made it in one of the
goals not happy Oh
got it yeah
three feel like that's him in the red
shirt no he's in my block doing revenge
she's really yeah no he's not yes
is looking for revenge go to la found
more stop flying into la no okay what
you think I had it was a 100 right off
the bat the only 100 right off the bat
mm-hmm let's just say old wounds may
heal but they'll always stay there
forever yeah let's just say fan revenge
tonight it's gonna be an adventurous
weekend damn she's good at that we
always do this goes hell I guess so we
are at Cafe 70 right now getting some
boba and dessert and shit just chilling
hanging out man enjoying our Friday
before tomorrow's festivities now when I
say tomorrow's festivities that's
because you don't know about what we're
doing at night no I haven't mentioned at
all I'm not gonna say anything until we
actually go but let's just say tomorrow
after the scavenger hunt the crew is
going on a mission so tomorrow's vlog
might be very very lit all right guys
one game in I already beat with costs
this was cheating looks like connect
that was just eating that's connect four
okay shut that up too you wouldn't like
did it you agree so coffee before it
okay oh you can't do it though right
sorry wait I think you can't do that G
oh thank you can't
oh you could hold the whole piece guys
anything go Oh can't touch that one
okay hot let it go let it go oh he can't
hold you can only touch that I did
that's what I guess that's what I did I
was going was it been real big Oh
Wow that's a strong pull of game I
already know what I'm thinking uh-uh
it's okay don't tell why you're not
looking at the other side
Shh sure well you can't do it yes II
can't do it right I put the night
yesterday though no you can't do that
move this way what are you doing what
did that how do I check on the camera
you're searching you live move my head
is your loss that's all you did it have
a tear in the building like the Venetian
Oh No so that's it yeah shout out to
Daniel
shoutout to Devon and Monica and
whatever homie guys really appreciate
you I guess they're in school alright
guys so we've been stuck in traffic for
almost an hour and a half because what
cost took a wrong turn and he drove us
all the way to Santa Monica for no
reason at all
so yeah oh my god the guests want some
easy though oh yeah forgot that call
from champs in santa marinella come
forward I can look at it outside oh
thank you tell us who do we did I did
that to you remember I paint called you
now as I go yeah I'm gonna do that to
you - that's all laughing when are they
coming up he's like my brother right now
Oh mediator ooh yeah he did he went to
put you in Santa Monica
he doesn't have this ne-yo sound
different that's not hella different no
class is really good he's calling all
the unknown are like yeah it wasn't that
way let you do it you wanna know is my
voice G hey hey this is Martha from
chance no you're so good at it guys guys
you're the bat hey is this watch a good
call this house you guys can't laugh
though hello hi hi is this hua ji no um
this is Jessica from Foot Locker in
Santa Monica
hi I'm just letting you know that you
one day Yeezy raffle and you'll be able
to pick up your shoe tomorrow from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m.
okay you won the easy raffle you have
from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. to pick up your
shoe yes Foot Locker in Santa Monica
yes bring your idea and the ticket we're
gonna ticket when it's like you to my
wallet but I don't over time we need the
ticket top science finds plane whatever
I do I mean everything um let me ask
real quick okay so it shouldn't be a
problem but just try your hardest to
find a ticket okay cool so 10 a.m. to 6
p.m. and one Kazushi for locking yes
thank you so much excuse me thank you
wait wicka hello yeah hey go he was
something ah I lost the ticket should I
call him I'm calling from my phone I
know they told me not to say anything
that I let him text in the group chat I
was like nah well this shit right now
it is Nick Farook really won though
that's where we got the idea on the call
yeah you got a call guys I'm taking this
dope ass picture right now I put all my
Easy's in the little easy box I have all
my double ups and the gray 750 s that
I'm giving away tomorrow that's why I
have to take it today before I give it
to him tomorrow but look at this is this
an addiction or what
six i Scarborough 6s Fargo you want to
be in the vlog ah of a something to life
I'm addicted to easy the easiest just
dropped on Barney's but it's not working
it's not working for me
I want something you fill me the hype is
real imagine how many people are all on
the same website trying to buy this damn
shoot right now that's why this shit
ain't loading
you
