used to be good it's soft life still
mine
everything is like the margins on
closing what's good everybody
it is currently Thursday September 22nd
2016 the day after my birthday let's
just say 365 more days until my birthday
who's ready let the countdown begin
official countdown right here in the
corner this is gonna be in every single
moms getting we're getting ready for the
genetics for part 2 part 2 right now
we're going over or they're driving a
Europe this time hold on so yeah it's
like oh it's pretty late in the day or
is it I don't know time 4:30
it's 4:30 we're going to grub right now
over a bit I was pretty productive today
I did laundry work out some phone calls
I didn't work out why would Jim listen
24 and I waited like 20 minutes to
freakin deadlift and they're like
there's so many people in the band but
I'll tell you I hate that's why I hate
LA gyms it's like it's so intimidating
box boxing yeah I won do boot camp
like what kind CrossFit no not CrossFit
just like something where you'd go like
6 a.m. somewhere and you like baby
really yeah I can wake up I wake up at 7
a.m. every day I wake up at 7 and I
literally don't know how but I end up
wasting the whole day like I stay in bed
i watch youtube videos sometimes you got
to switch it up you know I'm saying
shout-out to adidas
these are the shoes that adidas actually
gave me so I'm proud of these
alright guys so we are at CPK right now
these guys come to California Pizza
Kitchen and they don't even get pizza
the disrespect the disrespect
I'm trying to sell my diet can get some
healthy games enlightening another thing
of your diet
look at you I'm gonna let you pass
because I like fettuccine oh you made me
get this because you wanted pizza and
this hello alright guys so we just
wrapped up eating we've been talking
about Rolexes for the past couple hours
that frame and bed frame
so I to the central I watching a band I
watch it a bit since I moved to LA a
year ago I put my mattress on the ground
I didn't want to buy a bed frame I
didn't need it so let's be real you
spend all that money on shoes yeah he's
are the money on shoes so he couldn't
get a bed frame I finally saved up and I
can buy a bed frame now the question is
do I buy Rolex or do I buy a bed frame
Rolex roll outside let's go to Rolex
they have Easy's at Westerby bar
Barney's oh those are sick these are
stolen see August what are these
Hendersons
yeah Jordan one shouldn't that this is
not really like this on the good thing
about these is they should it'll wear
off like gosh we're three grand right
here that's insane
this actually these ones right here are
pretty nice to see this
time to cross
in five four three
and then you see me get hit by them part
all right guys so all that you just saw
in there was us going to Barneys and
just looking at a whole bunch of
expensive things that we have no
business looking at but sometimes you
know you just got to go enjoy and see
the finer things in life like a y:i
wallet that costs $800 you got your
wallet costs more money than you have
inside of it but on the dock back with
my cash in your purse
whoo but it keeps you motivated yeah it
does as much as I don't like to admit it
I mean materialistic things are
motivating because you want I mean
everybody wants fine things you know but
we're all different some people just
don't like that type of stuff they stay
away from it but me I like you know I
like to wear that makes that cause
attention and like that's what that's
what being a sneakerhead is kind of
low-key it's like you like to wear
sneakers that break necks so
heipiess alert Farooq's the wrap around
here near the route poppy you're going
to be the rapper what classes the
manager
I'm your cameraman you're going to buy
your first Rolex nothing I can't do it
for sure
disgust
the doors locked
and what's the price 37 554 the dollar
getting this one right here
I see
the walls and
balls let's just say we worked a little
harder okay so the watch that you guys
saw rook trying on was how much thirty
seven thirty seven thousand dollars and
that's gonna be my next watch people are
dying in this world I tried on a watch -
the one I tried on was thirteen thousand
and he gave us a deal for like twelve
thousand with no tax some weird
going on I don't know he explained it to
us but I know like the girl was like
I'll give you like ten percent harkening
like crazy ten percent off I was like
almost like 3,500 four grand what's good
guys so that was the end of yesterday's
vlog but I wanted to turn on the camera
still and talk to you guys about
tomorrow's festivities the LA scavenger
hunt in honor of the one-year
anniversary of coup cakes so basically
it's going to be in LA which I know a
lot of people are mad about saying like
oh well you're doing something for LA
what about the rest of the world and
right now I am only doing something for
LA because I ladies where I stay and
LA's this city means a lot to me as far
as the past year because this city
changed my life as well as a lot of
other things like the crew kicks channel
and like you guys and you guys I do owe
every single one of you guys something
because you guys have really put me in
the position that I'm in today in time
throughout the next year so I will be
you know traveling more and getting more
opportunities to meet all of you guys so
maybe I might not be doing a giveaway
now but every time I do it do an event
you know I will give away maybe a shirt
or maybe a pair of sneakers or something
here and there I don't know yet but in
time you know I'm gonna be able to you
know do something in different cities
but as at the moment right now we're
only doing something in LA so let's go
ahead and get into the scavenger hunt
one of the prizes was supposed to be a
custom something cuts them but it didn't
come in time war unless it comes today
which it hasn't yet but it's still like
only 11 a.m. but I'm going to show you
guys the four other prizes that we are
giving away in the scavenger hunt so
basically scavenger hunt starts at Mack
Park Hall of Fame on Fairfax that's four
for nine North Fairfax Avenue I believe
it starts at 11 a.m.
it's about being there getting the paper
that tells you everything you need to do
around the city of Los Angeles and then
at the end location is going to be at
the Burbank Mack Park so it starts at
1:00 Mack Park and it ends at the other
Mack Park in between there is where
you're going to have to do a few things
off the checklist so the first five
people that complete the checklist
get to pick a prize so there's five
prizes for every single person that
comes in they get to actually choose it
like I want that one I want that one
once the five prizes are gone the
scavenger hunt is done so let me go
ahead and show you guys the five prizes
the first prize is we're going to give
away the Jordan one bread 2016 this is
not the actual parent we're giving away
this is my parent because the pair that
is being given away is getting provided
by mag part next up I'm giving away a
hero for GoPro Silver Edition originally
I wanted to give away the g7x Canon but
I couldn't find one so I got my second
favorite camera which is the GoPro
because this one is just so convenient
it comes with the waterproof case it
comes with the LCD screen and it comes
with a whole bunch of other accessories
so we got the hero GoPro 4 silver we've
got the what the dream crew Nike ID
cadiz I think these are the Katy nines
right as you guys know I made these to
play in for the Atlantis naked con hoops
classic obviously I made two pairs I
switched one shoe so that one shoe is
white and black and the other one is
black and white it is a size 10 I know
now everybody's a size 10 but hopefully
people will still want it because it
would be kind of like a collector's item
because I'm the only one that has these
and someone else whoever wins a
scavenger hunt one of the people that
win the scavenger hunt will be able to
have these two so yeah what the dream
crew Katie's the last one is basically
like the grand prize which I'm assuming
whoever wins first is gonna go for these
right here the Yeezy 750 boost in the
gum bottom these are dead stock
brand-new size 10 these are the actual
ones that I won from the keymaster and
soul supremacy so I'm actually giving
away my pair of Yeezys like I'm not just
giving away a pair of Yeezys that
somebody get like somebody gave me these
are actually from my collection these
are actually my personal shoe and I want
to give it to
someone who's a Down to take part in the
scavenger hunt and who's a real
supporter so I'm honestly not expecting
a crazy turnout and the reason for that
is just because the Yeezys come out
tomorrow so I feel like a lot of people
are going to try to get those for retail
from different life raffles and things
like that I hope you guys are able to
make it again it's 11:00 a.m. sharp good
luck to everybody be safe thank you guys
for watching today's vlog I will see you
guys tomorrow I have a very eventful
weekend very eventful weekend because
we're celebrating gonna have some fun
and I'm picking somebody up from the
airport today so stay tuned for
tomorrow's vlog or stay tuned to my
snapchat because I usually spoil
everything in my snapchat so thank you
guys for watching I'm out of here
