what's in the box alright guys so I
literally just got back from sneaker con
New York City and I came home to this
package right here this huge big package
and it's from Jordan Brant now usually I
wouldn't open this right away
I would wait like a day and you know
film it and you know put it into the
vlog but I just want to give this its
own quick unedited video because
actually I'm rushing and I'm very
impatient and I really want to see
what's in this box I have an idea of
what it could be but and I'm just too
excited right now and I want to show you
guys and I asked you guys on my
Instagram story if I should post it
today like a raw video of me just
unboxing it and like 6,000 of you guys
said yes do that and post it so that's
what we're gonna do I'm gonna open it up
and we're gonna see what's inside so
basically if you guys remember last year
Jordan sent me that big Space Jam box
set so I'm assuming this has something
to do with what they got dropping this
holiday season and I know like I know
like a few people who got something
really dope and this looks like it's the
same shape so I'm gonna assume that it's
that but it's so big that I don't even
know how to like really open it up to be
honest with you guys so we're gonna you
know kind of just like open up the top
okay yeah this is this is kind of hard
but I think the best thing to do is I'm
gonna try to open it from the bottom and
then slide it out
and for all the people that's been
asking me why I haven't uploaded my
sneaker calling New York blog that's
because I wanted to do things a little
bit different for my last sneaker con so
it's not just a vlog it's actually going
to be like a mini movie so we had a
we're making it into a little mini movie
as you know I got my new cameraman Chris
who's been helping me film and he just
filmed everything like I barely even
talked to the camera and we're gonna
make it like a wolf of wallstreet themed
video so you'll you'll see it once it's
uh once it's up I think Wednesday our
Thursday I'll keep you guys updated on
that but most likely Wednesday and okay
we got the bottom open so we can
literally lay it right here and take it
out like I said this is gonna go up raw
probably no edits this is crazy so far
look how big this thing is I don't even
have room in my apartment for this I
think I need to upgrade my apartment cuz
it's only seven hundred square feet and
this is pretty big so let Jenna move the
boxes out oh my god I'm not even gonna
show you guys this side yet this thing
is huge man alright you know what I'm
just gonna push it out nice
I'm gonna cut this stuff this thing open
I don't want to waste your guys's time
huge shout out to Jordan Brand man this
is a quickie blessing right here alright
oh my god
again if you're just watching this and
you fast forwarded everything this is
just a raw unboxing no edits nothing
special just want to get this out there
for you guys so you can see this is dope
ass package that I just got alright
ready I'm gonna flip it around oh oh my
god I got it I gotta scoot the camera
back so you can see this whole thing
right here like what are you serious
like I gotta get the thumbnail right now
okay I got it
Wow okay on the top for me so me got
some handles on the side on the top it
says be like Mike matte black with the
glossy be like Mike on there on the
sides you got the Jumpman logo little
handles another little handle and
usually with these packages they tend to
get a little bit you know unarranged in
the shipment process so hopefully
everything is intact but this is exactly
what I thought it was gonna be I know dj
khaled got one um but yeah let's go
ahead and open this up oh my god this is
so sick it's got the mic with the
Gatorade logo I thought I gotta like
scoot everything back so I can even get
myself in this shot this is so insane
guys this is oh my god this is so
freaking dope man alright first things
first we got a little I bought this I
literally bought this
crazy um debuting in August 1991 Jordans
iconic campaign with Gatorade inspired
millions with a cheerful yet simple
challenge be like Mike over time trying
to move like him and groove like him he
evolved into much more than just hoop
just hoop dreams now 26 years later
Gatorade and Jordan man come together to
celebrate what be like mike has come to
represent today what was originally
meant as a challenge to be like the
greatest of all time now means being
greater of at all time at all times
enjoy I can't read guys
sincerely Jordan Brand be like Mike so
this is the image that's on the outside
of the book this is a bra this is crazy
and I wish you guys can see it but like
the Gatorade spots on here are actually
glossy like the little orange dots are
glossy and this is freaking dope and I
think it actually oh my god it opens on
the top too and there's stuff Lee okay
yeah I'm I'm spazzing right now I am
spazzing they're on me there's holes on
top and there's stuff inside each hole
this is one of the craziest things I've
got last year like I don't know if this
top Space Jam because Space Jam was
insane it came with the movie and
everything but this is definitely up
there and I really wanted these I really
really wanted yes I'm so excited ok
let's start out with this stuff like
this the corduroy Gatorade hat oh my god
this is so fire this is so freakin fire
is this the one that came out that the
one that can't be came out say Gatorade
on it or did it say mic on it I want to
look that up I don't know where my phone
is I think it's on charge but I need to
look that up the one that came out
there's a say Gatorade or does it say
mic on it
I wanted this really bad ok the jacket
if you guys haven't seen the jacket I
literally bought this jacket from Nike
town at the Grove or Nike store at the
Grove
Gatorade you got the jump man err logo
and then the Gatorade on the back and
then actually on the inside it's got
like the Gatorade orange drops and then
it says the greatest player of all time
very very clean I guess I could return
the one that I bought or maybe gave it
away or something I don't know yet let's
see if this video gets 50,000 all right
let's do if this if this video gets
23,000 thumbs up I'll give the jacket
away we'll see okay
I'm gonna fold everything and be very
very clean about this because I don't
want to just throw it all around they
pack this up so nice for me I'm gonna
just kind of put that in there because
again I'm not editing this I'm gonna
upload it raw for the first time I'm
going Cousteau style you know how he
does things I'm pretty sure Cousteau is
getting this box at 2:00 so shout out to
Cousteau he's the unboxing champ right
now before we get into the sneakers
let's get into what's up here we
actually I actually bought one of these
too which is pretty funny so if this
vlog gets 45,000 thumbs up you see what
I did there
then I'll give away I'll give away this
but it's not coming out those minutes
back in we've got a Gatorade water
bottle and it says mic the mic Gatorade
logo on there so I actually have two
more of these so if this vlog gets
45,000 thumbs up I'll give this away and
it actually comes with what is this
this is actual Gatorades in here this is
like artificial flavor Gatorade you like
put this in your water and it turns it
to Gatorade or is this actual Gatorade I
don't know I really don't know but it
actually comes Gatorade like 6l I don't
know I don't know what the hell you do
with these what you know three different
flavors of Gatorade this is insane this
is literally insane I think I could get
away with this not being an edited video
because this packaging is so crazy and
then we got what is this a t-shirt the
mic logo t-shirt Gatorade mic logo
t-shirt I love that Thunderbolt on there
again I'm gonna my head cutting off
unedited raw another reason why I'm
keeping this video is wrong because I'm
going to the Colby retirement game you
know I'm saving but this video is about
Jordan so what is this one Wow Wow
oh my god that is fire I haven't even
seen this shirt before be like Mike
drink Gatorade this is like a vintage MJ
t-shirt this is bra this is so fire I
haven't even seen this before with the
Gatorade logo MJ holding the ball yo
it's black it's blank on the black back
but this is so sick I haven't even seen
this before I don't think this one is
released yet
low key matches the shirt I'm wearing
now and then the Gatorade Jordan towel I
think this comes with all the Jordan
ones and the sixes that come out
probably all the Gatorade sneakers but
that's pretty clean I really want the
all green sixes those are gonna be
pretty limited I hear but I really want
those now let's get into the speakers
cuz that's like the main attraction here
these are the Gatorade sixes you see if
I can I can take these out the Gatorade
six is very very similar to the carmine
sixes but more of the orange pop to it
and yeah you got the Gatorade inspired
hangtag you see how it fades to a
lighter orange
darker orange and then you've got the
nice orange wow this is actually really
nice material I've seen these in person
but I haven't touched them I haven't
really got a feel for them Mother's
pretty cool I mean it's not shattered
backboard quality that's what we always
compare to but it's still really good
it's really better than the carmine six
is that recently released so a few years
ago but I really love the little lace
lock because they made it look like a
Gatorade bottle and it's got the
Thunderbolt on it and the Jumpman on the
other side like I really really like
that little detail these are these are
absolutely sick it's so safe
like I said I really want the orange I
mean the green ones I don't know if I
said green earlier but I really want the
all green pair I know there's a little
more limited what does it say imagine if
if I could be and then does that what it
says if I could be I think this one says
like Mike like I said I'm not editing
this video so if I mess up I'm sorry but
these are fire but these are more fire
to me I like these a lot a lot more I
haven't had a pair of the low tops but
BAM look at these oh my God look at yeah
you see this yeah look these are so sick
I love these right here be like Mike on
the inside these are the Jordan of 33s
right here low top 30 threes Mike on the
translucent bottom this is have anything
on the bottom no it doesn't it's a
little translucent not too much but damn
Mike with the logo right there again the
little Gatorade lace lock very sick I
wish I had these this past weekend to
hoop in but I I mean like they're here
now and these are super super clean I
really really like these these are this
is my favorite shoe besides the actual
green sixes
this one right here then I like I like
these and I love it the whole collection
is just a dope concept to me I don't
care if these shoes get get slept on
this is a dope concept to me and bruh
Jordan Brand blessed me this is so sick
they gotta top this next year how are
they gonna top this they did Space Jam
last year box said they did this box set
this year how are they gonna top this
next year I don't know but this is fire
and again thank you jump man for sending
me this and blessing me with this and
all these goodies inside here it's more
than I can imagine more than I imagined
that this box would have so thank you
jump man thank you guys for watching
this again this is going up raw no edits
so if you enjoyed it make sure you hit
that thumbs up I'll be back tomorrow
with an actual dope vlog cuz I'm going
to the Lakers Kobe retirement game right
now so that's gonna be dope and yeah
that's it 23,000 thumbs up I'll give
away the jacket 45,000 thumbs up and
I'll give away the jacket and the
Gatorade bottle because I have those
already so yeah I'm out here peace
