what's going on guys so we're starting
to vlog off or starting our day off here
in Malibu at Nobu and you guys don't
know a Nobu is it's a really yeah this
is the drink open open open come see
we're right by the freaking beach
thank you so it is my birthday today and
we're gonna have a very eventful day
this restaurants really bougie you know
like all the Hollywood actors and
rappers and everybody comes here so it's
my first time here her first time here
but
seafood that's not something I usually
eat bugs we gotta try anything
what's going on guys so we just got to
Anaheim we were literally in Malibu it
took us almost three hours to get here
right it took us three it will be worth
it you know since it's my birthday we
decided to come to the happiest place on
earth
Disneyland what's the first Disney World
this delay yeah well we live closer to
here so Disney World we're gonna do next
year when you go for Wrestlemania well
we're going anyway because they're so
mean yeah so okay ten thousand thumbs up
it's already 6:00 p.m. now so we're only
spending a few hours here who cares man
we're gonna have a really good time and
as you guys saw on my feet I did pick up
the Yeezy 350 boost the v2s I got them
from soul supremacy hello we got them
from soul supremacy so shout out to my
Bay Area sneaker store soul supremacy
I literally ordered him yesterday I hit
up my homie Christian and I said y'all
am I gonna be able to get those before
Friday and he said we're gonna overnight
them and I got him today on my birthday
so I was super happy I was like y'all
I'm throwing these right on my feet for
Disneyland your shoes actually came from
social privacy - all right in that case
shoutouts are so supremacy a little but
the shoes you just look down a little
bit and you see that orange splash
like straight I see it like if I get
lost and I just look for the orange line
walking around Disneyland thank you
don't use it no you good thank you enjoy
one thing we forgot to do before getting
here is checking the park hours because
usually the park closes at 12:00 and we
thought it closes at 12:00 but I guess
since it's school started now or
whatever the park closes at 9:00 you got
to be positive you got to just go with
what's going on you know I'm saying so
we got two hours to have fun at
Disneyland we got like 40 minutes a pond
at California Adventure so as long as I
get on Tower of Terror then life will be
complete
we're now trapped on Tower of Terror
guys okay so we went on Tower of Terror
but we thought it was broken because
literally the lights were off on the
ride and the ride drop was like five
seconds late yeah I thought the ride was
broken I was like gosh this is Wow so
now we're going to Disneyland because
California adventures is now closed we
got on the one ride that I wanted to go
on so we're good with that
guys halloween is coming up you know
it's Halloween season Halloween game
oh it's ovo fest at Disneyland huh ovo
fest at Disneyland it's time for Space
Mountain guys what is it right call now
Halloween
Halloween game Halloween game space
melon or hyperspace mountain into a
Halloween version so there's no more
even Star Wars so low-key excited but
this is the last slide that we're gonna
go on for tonight y'all want to take
this time to say thank you to everybody
who wished me a happy birthday
on Instagram thank you for all the
birthday wishes guys I really appreciate
it all your tweets receive all your
Instagram posts are seen thank you guys
man I love you guys you guys made me
feel so special today man thank you
thank you
oh my god guys
that was the way we were the front of
the ride it was hella fast even though
we've done this ride over and over again
yeah because it was the Halloween
version was turn make sure you guys come
on the Halloween version of space 9
and I did the hello picture with the ec7
5350 this whole blog is locally about
the new easy v2 s Loki alright guys so
Disneyland is officially closed so we
got to go on my two favorite rides great
way to close out my birthday don't you
open up that window don't you
thank you let out that antidote five
appeals I would know this is such a this
is a such a friendly Disney song isn't
it no that new song honey fake two Giga
good way back James out in with the rain
hey did you know the scavenger hunt is
this Saturday though
but you know it good luck to everyone
that's going to be there I hope you guys
went issue you want yeah they get to
pick first place gets to pick whatever
they want so they could either pick the
750 boost the bread one the Katy IDs the
GoPro or the extra prize that I haven't
announced yet
some people know but every time I come
to Disneyland I buy a Disney viola
nation it's like a mystery toys so we're
gonna see what we got today this is a
civil war Captain America series
hopefully I want to get iron man Iron
Man Captain America or war machine or
the mystery woman which I don't even
know what it is
about easy football cleats or maybe
and we got Scarlett Johansson Black
Widow Scarlett Johansson no I don't have
her
right now guys it's really late
yo look at all the Twitter love right
now saying happy birthday all you guys
appreciate it
got a favorite all of these freakin
shoes have gotten more attention in this
vlog than I have I don't know honestly I
don't like the other colors of these but
I like the all-black ones like the
all-white ones
the grey ones I can live without but I'm
a high P so I'll probably still get it
I feel like
