what's going on guys so we are in Santa
Monica today look who I just picked up
from the airport what up what up y'all
just hectic tour part 2 coming soon I'm
just getting anxiety already kickin it
just anxiety tour part 2 fire kicks in
the building fam tell them you the
sleeper God tell them what's on the
schedule today let's just say 350 view -
we come in at you at you at you so we
got to go enter all the Raffles today
for the easy twos I mean the easy 350 v2
s that are coming out Saturday there's a
few rifles out here in Santa Monica but
first things first we got a grub
how can I get this it
so today's actually the one year
anniversary of crew kicks one year
I'm rocking the t-shirt Farooq just
brought it for me I feel like a high
beast Batman inspired t-shirt you'll
find out by the end of this vlog whether
they're sold out no yeah let's do it
Sophie game
you see it yeah the dream who rides with
all of a sudden things like hopefully we
win but I'm probably gonna end up paying
resale anyway because I'm not gonna win
the raffle
you always win everything right no I
don't
I only want to ease ease in raffle which
is still good but um that's like that's
like - for like 10 MS - yeah I won one
keymaster easy that's it but I'm giving
that away I did get two for free for
this for this cool thing since New York
what action shams you guys want to know
the real way to winning a sneaker raffle
bring your entire family with you
everyone from the kids to the uncles to
the grandmas the grandpas to the freakin
cousins everybody bring them one out
maybe 300 people that you bring is bound
to win easy or whatever sneakers is that
you're trying to win even though I've
never done that but that's just some
advice and my mom
guys I never wore my tan Easy's and then
the one day I decided to wear my step in
freaking mud and get all
Toby
what do we didn't get on the upper that
work so you're gonna use that pepper to
go home
but for now back on the feet
alright guys so I just got this package
right now I don't even know what it is
but it is from the homie
beige on he actually hooked me up with
this um he actually looked out for me on
my some Easy's like a year ago and he
got me my of the white Ohio's last year
for my birthday remember you know yeah
so he told me that he had something for
my birthday since my birthday is
tomorrow
my birthday is today the day that you
guys are watching this so let's see what
this is I'm look excited he says it's
not my size so he said I can either try
to sauce ice off it or I get a traded
for something I like but since it's a
get them I try to just slice off it he
has a good taste so we should be good or
Jordan 12 this is all I think I know
this is I think it's the wings yes yes
the wings oh yeah you never had you know
I want to be so bad hell yeah dude okay
so this is a freaking size 12 so I got
to do a side swap but hey thank you so
much
I love the Jordan 12 this is a fitting
shoe that I've wanted but I never bought
it because it's always been like a
thousand dollars hey Thank You beige on
thank you so much man another dope ass
sneaker to my collection Oh awesome
now the question is do I take off the
paint yeah oh yeah dude almost high
school actually gets little details on
the sneaker it says with a little bit of
help everybody can fly the MJ spread arm
picture whatever it's called on the back
this one has the removable paint like
the Lance Mountain does but I don't
think I'm gonna take it off I think I'm
going to let it wear off in time but
these are so freaking dope I've been one
of these for a while now now I finally
got a man this is a great way to start
off the birthday celebration you feel me
alright guys so Farooq wasn't in ATL for
sneak recon I have a little surprise for
all the dream crew members that didn't
really get to attend Atlanta sneaker con
nothing too big but just a little some
some for him to workout in
you can always have it at that family
say he wasn't there with you with the
team damn another freaking rough dish it
is the name building oh yeah Longstreet
fritters oh dude alright guys so I am
currently on dream crew comm we just
dropped I feel like a high fees Batman
one-year crew kids anniversary t-shirts
fire kicks is out here adding them all
to this card I haven't even told the
link yet
I got of all we got our dread stop that
or people are buying it I've managed we
to delete our 14 orders that came
through and I haven't even Ivan posted
it yet on the tutoring thing looks ugly
like that the shiny thing yes too much I
want to do
think I'll do it just depends on the
right color guys we're at the Grove
about to grab some food because we are
hungry we haven't ate since earlier
today at Santa Monica but em and we just
chillin hanging out
I think we're going to eat at the
Cheesecake Factory don't worry I'm not
going to get pizza or anything fattening
I'm gonna get
chicken anyway guys I want to tell you
guys a quick update on the scavenger
hunt for Saturday we have confirmation
of the Jordan one that we will be giving
away and we're going to be giving away
the bread Jordan won the 2016 bread
Jordan won it's going to be given away
as well as the EZ 750 gums a GoPro the
Kady IDs the what the dream cruise and
one more prize but I'm not going to tell
you guys that prizes it hasn't come in
the mail yet but it's something special
and something dope as hell that's only
one of two there's only two of them in
the world I'm going to get one of them
and you guys are going to get one of
them so I'm excited family going to
enter the scavenger hunt I'm looking at
first place first place guys my friends
aren't allowed to enter so don't worry
you said we're friends friends his
family G will happen to the tour
alright guys so we're at Cheesecake
Factory got to get some food
I actually got water no soda no juice
two hours and three minutes it's my
birthday and I'm gonna be turning very
old I'm gonna be turning 28 years old
guys it's freakin insane I'm not gonna
stay here and try to hide my English
like
twenty-eight years old man since I was
younger I always like because YouTube
never worked out for me for the first
couple years the reason why I kept going
and one of the motivations was like
Kanye West didn't become successful
until he was in his 30s so exciting
you're getting old you still shouldn't
give up on your dreams you know what I'm
saying and that's just my advice to
everybody so as much as you think time
is running out to live your dreams
it's not it's just that's just an excuse
don't make that an excuse right guys yes
I'm just a big move
me
whatever you want to do any given time
I'll repay Shahrukh Khan you gotta know
Shahrukh Khan wrong Channel it's a
obviously Shahrukh Khan didn't become
the biggest icons are using it 30s as
well so let's just say 30 is a good
place are you guys gonna give me a cake
and pretend like I don't know
I didn't expect this at all thank you I
got along that ahead of me because I
have to re I'm redoing all of crew kicks
like that in the intro music was made by
the homey Ling C as I pronounce it
linkie linkie linkie linkie inspired
that I made a custody he made the beat
just for the intro and outro crew kicks
the the art was made by Sam bate who's
made a whole bunch of drawings I'll link
them down below look out for the new
intro outro art page border um
description all that stuff crew kicks is
going to be redone so you ready for a
year or two families do this alright
guys so as you guys can see from this
tape right here I got myself a little
package from champ sports I did take a
peek in it just to see what it was but I
already knew what it was before I opened
it so basically as you guys know champ
sends me some sneakers and every once in
a while I tend to should tell you guys
that I don't like what they send me and
you know apparently they were listening
because for the first time ever they
said that we can pick what shoe we want
so they sent us the list of shoes and I
decided to pick this one because this is
a shoe that I kind of wanted to get
anyway and it's finally here so thanks
to champs we're actually listening to
the influencers and I know a few other
sneaker youtubers got to pick their shoe
twos as you guys can see we got
ourselves a Kobe 11 go ahead and unbox
us a BAM we got the Kobe curios right
here as you guys can see these are
inspired by the freaking Kobe eight
Mamba courier Mamba curios
no I don't think they're
glow-in-the-dark the other ones aren't
glow-in-the-dark yo shout-out to champs
for listening to us and finally letting
us pick out a shoe that we want I didn't
make a separate video for this for crew
kicks just because I have my
up already set for this week they listen
to us man I'm gonna go get the other
shoot too so he can do a comparison as
you guys can see from the comparison the
only thing they're missing is the grass
under design pink is a little brighter
the swoosh isn't on the toe but again
they killed him and shout out to Nike
and shout out to champs Thank You champs
all right guys we're gonna end the vlog
here I trying to say a big thank you
again to bhaijaan for hooking me up with
these man I'm like honestly I can't
believe it I smell so good man I'm
tempted to take the gold off but I kind
of want to only take it off like I don't
know how much of it is the what
everything that's black here has that
gold print on it no way yeah what do you
do want some but some people do dip
weird like they do one one one some
people just do this back some people
just do the front like I don't know but
the cool thing about these shoes is
they're freakin numbered guys like you
see this right here you see one look at
this these shoes are numbered that's how
limited they are there's like twelve
thousand pairs of these in the world
thank you to everybody who copped a
shirt oh I don't even talk about that
thank you to everybody who copped a
shirt we sold out of these shirts right
here that I feel like a high B's Batman
inspired t-shirts we sold out in an hour
and a half that's freaking insane man so
thank you to everybody who picked them
up they should start shipping out today
any last words just said another year
another print let's just say to my
birthday to a lobster oh do my
alright fan oh my wrist like what oh we
got some crazy going on this
weekend just know that Saturday is gonna
be late
yo it sounds
you embarrass me in from the whole
restaurant right
