my enemies scatter in suicidal
situations never a witness the wicked
 that they were facing it won't
pockets us back for presidents pursue
your witches you've made all the playing
tricks they got new fishing
thank you what's going on everybody a
beautiful day out here in Los Angeles
California I'm going to start the vlog
off by saying today was a very special
day not today as in today Monday I mean
today as in the day you guys are
watching this Tuesday September 20th
2016 is officially the one-year
anniversary of the channel crew kicks as
of today in exactly one year we got
three hundred and forty-one thousand
subscribers that is ten times more than
I expected that channel to have in one
year this channel has honestly changed
my life I want to say thank you guys to
everybody who gave the channel a chance
who subscribed who's still subscribed
who watches and has helped you know just
changed my life in one year thank you
guys man I can't thank you guys enough
my goal
robbery
I'm not going to sit here and get
emotional I mean I did a little bit
earlier when I would kind of like it
really hit me that it's been a year and
how much it actually affected my life
and things like that but I really can't
thank you guys enough like honestly I
can't spend this whole vlog thanking you
guys but I'm gonna celebrate by having
this fantastic Pinkberry ice-cream
combination whatever the hell it's
called and uh Cheers
perhaps some ice cream with me today
guys
I mean frozen yogurt original tart with
hazel chocolate you tell on top
strawberries and mochi you know what
this is it's a celebration bitches
everybody politic attention for position
if they wasn't in the kitchen then I got
no time to listen now I look back I'm
really blessed that I've waited his life
is like chess big attention and stay
patient I'm seeing success but I will
never get complacent things you're
better what's up that's my only
motivation eating you making change it's
not for you to see you and I'm like King
James I'm whipping Martin to kill him
real talk time to shut it down
remember everything you took when losing
now yeah
sometimes we see eye to eye most times
you'll be doing as hell advise yeah
real talk you just fascinated we ain't
in the same class I just graduated death
sometimes we see eye to eye she just
wanna join the team cuz she hypnotized
yeah
I got a good day yeah
so I've got a meeting right now with my
YouTube network well I don't know if I'm
a vlog inside but if not I'll let you
guys know how it goes
all right so the meeting went pretty
good apparently waiting for my uber to
pick me up
Toyota Camry oh it's right you
oh Christ alright guys I'm going to Best
Buy right now because I need to buy a
camera now for myself for you guys just
Saturday I'm having a scavenger hunt
here in a la the crew kicks one-year
anniversary scavenger hunt and I'm
giving away my pair of easy 750s
brand-new the ones that I wanted the
keymaster in the bay area I'm giving
away the Nike ID kairi's that I did the
what the dream cruise I'm giving away a
parrot of Jordan ones I'm giving away a
another item which I'm not going to tell
you guys about yet and I'm giving away a
camera because a lot of people come up
to me at like sneaker events or wherever
and they tell me that they're trying to
be vloggers thought it would be pretty
cool to give away the camera that I
started out using when I moved to LA
which I still use time to time the g7x
so I'm going to be giving away the canon
g7x a brand new one that's why I came to
Best Buy to buy that thing another cool
thing that I'm doing with the scavenger
hunt is anybody who is kind of like
trying to be a youtuber or
who likes to make content I'm going to
have them vlog their experience in the
scavenger hunt and then at the end of
the day when it's all over and they come
to the end location I'm going to take
their footage and put them in the vlog
of the scavenger hunt so if you're in
the LA area if you plan to be in the
scavenger hunt if you want to be in the
vlog all you got to do is just vlog your
day going from place to place trying to
complete the scavenger hunt and then at
the end of the day when I meet you up at
the end location I'm going to take your
footage whether you win or whether you
don't win I'm going to take your footage
and I'm going to put it in the next
day's vlog
guys they don't carry g7 exes anymore
even though they have it on display
because the new one came out I don't
know what I'm going to do because Best
Buy is like the only place I would go
get my g7x is from I don't want to order
it online because I don't think we'll be
here in time so I think I'm gonna switch
it up and I'm gonna get a GoPro because
that's like my second favorite camera is
my GoPro even though I don't use it too
much my GoPros like my second favorite
camera
go pro giveaway
okay now the Los Angeles scavenger hunt
prizes are a Yeezy 750 boost gum bottom
a Jordan one to be determined and a hero
for GoPro silver two more prizes will be
named soon
wait oh and the KDS one more prize will
be named soon
I need to go for a target run guys
I need my essentials it's been a minute
this low-key really dope I'm gonna make
one of those hundred dollar challenges
that everybody's doing target under
dollar don't fit challenge whatever the
hell it's called the first item I pick
out is this flannel
this one's $24.99 you look here you
Levi's here too pants with the side
zipper
I'm not picking those the pants i'ma go
with these right here there didn't look
like they could be joggers they got the
jogger top but they don't tighten at the
bottom like joggers do so I'm going to
go with this 24 and 24 24 and 27 but we
got about $45 ish left I would just take
a white tee which is nine dollars and
put that under the flannel so take nine
dollars off of that honestly that's it I
wouldn't wear a hat with that outfit I'd
probably just fix my hair
good freaking morning it is a beautiful
day in Los Angeles guys I didn't vote
for the rest of the day after I went to
Target because I wanted to wait till it
was actually Tuesday September 20th 2016
it is the one-year anniversary of crew
kicks again thank you guys man thank you
guys so freaking much man you made this
past year the best year of my life the
reason why I wanted to pick up the
camera and end the vlog here is just
because I have a surprise for you guys
so today at 6 p.m. I'm doing something
special for the one-year anniversary of
Cru cakes I'm dropping an exclusive
t-shirt today on my website dream crew
calm it's going to go up at 6 p.m.
California time so 6 p.m. 9 p.m. Eastern
a t-shirt that's inspired by one of my
favorite movies the dark night it's that
I feel like a hypebeast Dark Knight
Rises edition it is looking like this so
as you guys can see you've got the I
feel like a high beast on the front
you've got the very dark navy blue
t-shirt with the light blue writing and
on the back it says the dream crew rises
all of a sudden and the reason why I put
that is just because over the past year
the dream crew has risen it has grown it
has taken over just like The Dark Knight
so hopefully you guys pick it up I will
tweet out the link so stay tuned to my
Twitter I wanted it to be something
special that only the real real dream
crew Royals can get their hands on I'll
talk to you guys tomorrow thank you for
everything again man I love you guys
dream crew thumbs up I'm out of here
peace we scatter in suicidal situations
never
it's the wicked that they were
facing it won't pockets as painful
presidents pursue your riches you made
all the planning tricks
