what's going on guys so we just got to
that lanta Airport right now about to
head back to Los Angeles
I'm low-key hungry what time is it 6:00
a.m. at 6 a.m. but at least that means
we get to LA early so we have all day
sunday we're not wasting today because
of the 3 hour change 3 hour time change
oh all right guys you're on the plane
I'm gonna take off next stop is back to
Los Angeles we'll see you at 4 hours
welcome home
and he said you didn't get any sleep I
would like to go to the bathroom okay
I'm not happy oh I should get them on
snapchat right now but I do it well guys
we're back Oh guys were back in LA now
even though I thought it was dope as
hell like I really enjoyed being in
Atlanta but it always feels good to come
back to LA and first thing we're going
to do before you've been going home is
we're going to go try to see if we can
get some iPhone 7s hopefully at the
Grove so they don't have any pluses they
only have a silver and a rose gold in
32-gigabyte and that's not enough memory
for me so I can't get one but she can
get one because she wants the rose gold
and she doesn't care about the memory so
looks like she's getting an iPhone today
and I'm not and I don't know if I should
get the plus or if I should just get the
regular one I've never had a plus I
really don't care for the plus I just
want a better camera so I'm thinking
about it but I just don't really care
about it
you know what I mean
I still have these oh wow they have
these and they have Georgetown these are
sick he did Jason yeah they were in this
plan grabbing some Cheesecake Factory
now because I'm cheating Kaiba cheated
all week honestly so there's no
conditioning I'm not sure my friend
Simon Dean yeah
I want to get Apple watch but she won't
let me because you don't need it you're
never gonna wear it am I
as you can see with text me that's what
I said
look at this mayhem guys I don't know
what the hell is going on here I didn't
even attempt to unpack I just have to
grab a few things although I didn't
unpack I did come home to two packages
are I'm going to show you guys the first
one the homie that I actually gave my
Jordan 12s to at the Toronto pop-up shop
he hit me up and he told me that he had
some pablo merch he looked out for me
man and he hooked me up with the shirt
that I was about to buy off eBay Saint
Pablo tore on the front and then on the
back it said the same Pablo toward
general admission then the one I wanted
more than anything
same Pablo tour and then I'm back it
says tour and it's got Kim K let me get
it lining it's got Kim K playing tennis
right here I really wanted this one man
I was so excited when he D and me shout
out to the homie
this is his Twitter right here if you
guys can see it thank you again man it
means a lot to me looking out for me
hooking me up with some pablo merch at
first I kind of questioned why I bought
these online but I was up without
midwatch G and I think we were driving
home from playing basketball
easy supply released these randomly like
at 4:00 a.m. so I actually got these off
the easy supply as you guys can see
right there it says easy I personally
bought it just because I was like I want
to see him in a person and I think it's
dope as hell I know a lot of people are
gonna bash on me I've been called a hide
piece before but easy 350 cleat again
don't mind my messy-ass room ready for
this guys we got the EZ 350 football
cleat and I know everybody's asking why
the hell I bought these I mean you guys
already know I'm a huge Kanye fan I try
to buy all his sneakers I basically
collect his sneakers just like I collect
his t-shirts since the first concert I
went to his which was the college
dropout tour so anytime I can purchase
one of his sneakers whether it's a
freaking regular Yeezy or it's something
like this which is a freaking football
shoe I'm not going to pass up
opportunity's special especially for
retail this right here to me is a
collector's item obviously I don't play
football
obviously I don't watch football I mean
I would do around playoff time but to me
this is just freakin insane that Kanye
West has his own football cleat
having this in my collection is like I'm
not even questioning purchasing these
after I got them because it's freaking
insane man like I'll show you guys a
closer detailed look of it after I tell
you guys why I bought this but that's
pretty much my reason for buying it is
like this is a shoe that I want to have
in my collection this is a shoe that's
going to go in my easy shoe box once I
clean this all up and get my room
organized again call me Jaime's call me
whatever you want as a Kanye West fan to
think that he has a frickin football
cleat who the hell would have thought
that was ever gonna happen man and
shout-out to the NFL for banning these
men these are freaking dope okay so I
grabbed both versions of the turtledoves
the football cleat and the regular
version so I could kind of do a
comparison for you guys pretty much as
you guys can see this right here is all
like a knit material and then this one
I'm assuming is the same thing but in
order to give it stability they fuse the
top of it so it's very silky and it's
like you can if you really look closely
if Richard the camera will pick it up
let me try to zoom in on it you can
still see the knit under the fuse so
basically what they did is they pressed
and fused I'm assuming that's what they
did
a Turtledove upper and obviously put a
cleat on it and it's just really
interesting to look at like you get to
see the bottom of it and what it looks
like and then they added a little bit of
cushioning right here on the ankle area
the lining on the back tab one of them
is red the other one is I kind of like
gold so that's pretty don't round laces
on the original Turtledove and then you
got the flat places on the football
cleat and it's even kind of a different
shade as you guys can see so and this is
like a thicker
this looks fake this looks like a fake
shoe that was made like you ever go on
Instagram you ever see people on
Photoshop like mock-up Yeezys that like
hybrid Yeezys this looks like that okay
I know my leg showing the mayor so don't
call me out on that but this looks like
it was a freaking Photoshop mock-up so
it's really weird that it was even
released by adidas but I'm really happy
they did it it really like literally
they announced this like I want to say a
week and a half ago and then just a few
days later the shoe releases online and
that's insane because like what is next
like literally what is next
are they going to release a easy
basketball shoe are they going to
release a freaking easy golf shoe is he
like what's like what else do they have
in the works I'm not complaining at all
I don't care what people say
I'm happy I have this in my collection
yeah well I don't know why the NFL
freaking banned this shoe like is it
really that bad like anyway guys that's
going to wrap up today's vlog obviously
today's vlog was nothing compared to the
last few vlogs but I can tell you guys
that a lot of people want to see the
full game from the sneaker con hoops
classic unfortunately I don't have that
footage at the moment I don't think I'll
be uploading the full game to my channel
but I will be uploading pretty soon like
more highlights from the game I want to
thank the sneaker con team for you know
taking a chance on the idea of doing the
hoops classic and also just you know
like bringing all of us out and and
putting together something that's never
been done before
mn the next sneaker con that I'm going
to be at like I said yesterday is
December December is October 15th in DC
and then New York City November 5th and
6th all be at both of those New York and
Washington DC sneaker con I will be
there with some of the crew I'm trying
to convince some of the Bay Area crew
members to come too so we'll see what
happens but more updates on that soon oh
yeah the scavenger hunt is in LA this
weekend I got more info on that tomorrow
those are the two shoes I'm giving away
in the scavenger hunt I'm sure you guys
those tomorrow I love you guys I
appreciate you guys we're on the road to
if you haven't subscribed make sure you
guys do so right now I come on here
that's the way I'm living I'll be
feeling like a pot nothing's ever giving
I'm just waiting for the truck they want
to see my vision um just let you tell us
up I do it with precision cuz I'm always
on the car
