good morning
good morning damn my g6 plug is
excellent so yeah I'm doing good feelin
good living better feelin livin good all
right guys so we got the Beluga 750 s
weight 350 s we got the big 750 though I
know dude we got the easy set of fifty
supply right here
fire kicks just praying towards us yeah
I know fire dicks
these are freaking sick man this is not
my parent this is slangs pear I did a
review on them so check out slang that's
actually it on fruitcakes I did a video
for them but look at this this
reminds me of ice cream in here oh we
currently are getting ready because we
have a players meeting today we're gonna
go to the sneaker con venue where
they're setting up the courts right now
we're just gonna all get together and
talk with this sneaker con team and kind
of go over like the game plan for
tomorrow like as far as like when the
teams are gonna get there like warm-ups
entrances the actual game this that you
know so we're all on the same page we'll
see what happens today we are in Atlanta
again if you guys are just tuning in now
and you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
yeah one day away from sneaker con if
you're watching this we are currently at
sneaker con so meet us there no I'm a no
all right guys so we taking this shuttle
bus to the convention center the homies
avec Mike
hey genius with good family all right
everybody out here the rest of the guys
are on the way or there's what
camera blare no oh no it's okay we'll
leave it hopefully the other guys are
there I don't know where the rest of the
guys are but hopefully they're there and
it's gonna be a great day minutes with
beautiful day in Atlanta what do you got
to say to that I got bras and Mike
thought we were meeting in the hotel
lobby is it short you want me to wear a
suit yeah is he here this is not it it's
something else man is it it
yeah I could hear a court sneak a con
before the mayham guys they're literally
building the court right now as we are
walking in the hard way this is where
the basketball game is going to be and
see the bleachers and then the rest of
the sneekly pond is all here this is
really big this is the court we're gonna
be playing on tomorrow guys in the
process that's insane that's dope man
good evening gentlemen you've all been
cut should we bring it in
or is that tomorrow let's bring it in
today we're friends tomorrow's we're
enemies let's go dream through it
Stephen Kahn on three one two three so
our meeting just ended right now but we
got our jerseys right here guys show
them the jerseys real quick these are
the dream creatures these guys double
zero look at that patch this is sick
welcome to the gene proof an official
roster cuckoo
yeah we should I wanted we gonna set
that up to like music do it everyone
have an intro lately
yeah I do that I'd make it go he'll
acquire then half an hour to go all the
lights I'm probably not gonna have time
to do this tomorrow so imma do it today
well I'm asking a different question who
do you think's in a way and be honest
I'm just gonna have to get em uh I'll go
to the underdog so I'm gonna go with you
guys yeah I like that
I'm ask you a different question only
reason I'm going for that is just
because I've seen those guys place I
haven't seen you guys play we get this w
that way who do you thinks gonna win be
honest be honest
the sea tube is mine okay pull it out I
don't know more like all I gotta
say is we all got to play in the same
court so damn you're making me think how
much you drop in though I'm talking
about numbers I just play yeah how many
numbers you getting after the game
though Park it that's it alright guys so
we bout to take the shuttle bus to go
eat one word before you get on the bus
everybody nice Johnson when would we oh
 I gotta save our brand name my
plant man one word before you get on get
on
all succeed well that's like that's not
one word one word before you guys get on
one word go
squall Finch blood sauce saw one way
Pablo I knew
revenge yeah one way we get on was a
block all right what's my one word yeah
is cooking one word cooking looks like
poppin cookin
behind the camera no no alright guys so
we are currently having a nice little
dinner with all the guys
yes me right now this is hot no oh yeah
you eat that you eat that let's see
what's going on on this side what's up
am good Indiana's finest chocolate
chocolate cake and razors Jesus except
the crazy thing is like we've been
planning this for months and I know that
tomorrow is gonna fly by so quick so
it's gonna it's gonna be dope but it's
gonna suck because it's gonna go by so
quick but
let's go this run Tings we're going to
the same place we're all going back to
the hotel
uber yes uber everywhere alright guys so
I picked up these four cute guys at the
bar so you're taking me home and hey
have you guys ever done this before
sounds like chlorine in here yeah sure
see freaking oh yeah turned out like
this
that's C yeah I like it what I think
maybe tomorrow with the Sun it might
turn like this you see the back holy
 that's dog yeah I like it
this guy's kind of fish for long blog is
my day you up my timeline
we call the Tiffany ideas in folk
medicine he's gonna pay this car his
boxers is adult toy collection who
actually brought it what all right go
paint it blue you don't even use Tiffany
payees blue David got kids exposed he
doesn't use Tiffany use this blue baby
blue it's 12 o'clock go to your room
don't come out don't come up good night
for some reason my room is really really
dark your are the dream crew jerseys so
these are the shorts right here as you
guys can see dream crew you've got this
sneaker pun oops classic patch right
there the stars on the side and this is
the actual Jersey right here again we've
got the hoops classic patch right there
we've got the star-filled jerseys as you
guys can see you got the dream crew logo
but instead of the oh seven we have each
players number so as you guys can see
number 24 your boy aka young call me
Brian see for the back of the Jersey I
didn't want to just put my own last name
I wanted to switch it up so I put Pablo
Mar so yeah
no more number 24 the shoes that I've
been hyping up for like three four weeks
now finally gonna show them to you guys
and I know I should save it for
tomorrow's vlog but then I realized you
guys are probably gonna see it on social
media and probably see it everywhere
else so I might as well just show you
guys now because this vlog is gonna go
up literally like an hour or two before
the game starts okay so my hotels like
dark so I'm gonna go in the place that
has
lightning don't mind all the nuts around
here but here they are guys these are my
Nike idk DS right here I call these the
what the dream cruise fam as you guys
can see I did two different Nike IDs and
I put them together and you have the
what that dream cruise right here I've
walked two pairs of the shoe as you guys
know I'm giving one of these away for
the freaking scavenger hunt in Los
Angeles next week so I've made 290 IDs
I switched one shoe in each pair so that
one shoe has a black back in a white
front and then one shoe has a black
front and a white back so you guys see
that everything else on the shoe is the
same at the bottom is blue on both shoes
the gold is soosh the golden shoes the
solutions gold on both shoes dream and
then crew so these right here are the
what the dream cruise that I will be
rocking tomorrow in Atlanta for the
first ever dream crew hoops classic and
I'm gonna give the second pair way of
these in Los Angeles for the dream
talking too much for the crew cakes
scavenger hunt in Los Angeles so there
they are guys what I hyped up for three
you ended it yeah end of the video the
scale you after the thanks for watching
this is your boy Mike Swick I see we had
a good day tomorrow thanks for watching
running
