yeah
yeah YouTube life uploading from LAX
Airport Wi-Fi what's going on guys so we
are at LAX right now in the TSA line
about to get that security check fire
kicks Watchi west up in here we think
none of us got any sleep from last night
we were at man park mark park until 4
a.m. getting our haircuts tired fam
we start looking for a bit I'm still
looking for revenge I'm looking for the
views fan but yeah man Atlanta bound
it's gonna be dope when we get there we
get to link up with all the guys
probably keep it low-key tonight because
we're super tired it's gonna be fun man
I'm gonna have a fun trip meeting to be
Magic City I'm on a mission to find food
because I'm gonna knock out on the plane
it's a four-hour flight so if I don't
eat now when I land I'm gonna have a
major headache so I need to get some
food in my system now and these lines
are too long right here so hopefully
find something I got a grilled cheese
sandwich from Dunkin Donuts and you know
since I'm getting Dunkin Donuts we had
to get some doughnuts but fire kicks
isn't with me so he's never gonna know
please don't send him screenshots when I
told sneak Akane told him do not put
anybody on the opposing team on my
flight and look what they do here's the
thing here's the thing it was my flight
first see they need to put me in the air
because that's how I'm going to be in
the game in the air oh good mama house I
forced that one but I think it's gonna
work when you edit it it'll look nice it
will yeah I'm gonna put your face on
like a Jordan logo I'm just kidding guys
I'm happy that we're all together this
is four of the people and then we're
gonna be meeting up with the rest of the
guys when we get to Atlanta I probably
go out grab some food tonight keep it
low-key so I'm excited good day would be
a good day ATL here we come
hailey
alright guys so we're on the plane right
now all we get instruction video teller
loud and then help others hear you like
this is located things are going to
Toronto or between yo we're at the Mac
park right now you see that freaking
machine over there I'm thirsty for some
sneakers you put $5 in that machine and
you can win that you can win a freakin
$2,000 shoe for $5 a can please give me
five dollars five dollars please just
five dollars right I know I can win to
do I just have it
I'm feeling it in here I have a feeling
I got you thank you five dollars man
good luck thank you everybody
good luck good luck thank you thank you
yeah one thing Abraham Lincoln on I
think the Hibiscus or thinking for the
photo thank you for the you watching me
but one yo-yo
that was my $5 technically this is my
shoe what are you doing then it's my $5
into open the window I want to do time
works
open the window go thank you for your
attention and for choosing American
Airlines on my own on my own yeah I'm I
don't yeah on my own yeah oh my oh yeah
on my own yeah all my like yeah that's
how should I go this is not a fairy tale
I already know how you rise it take you
to the mall get you a new outfit
let'em man we hear family here
what's authentic food in that bag
authentic food is this dick thank you
God everybody so friendly in Atlanta but
it is hottes how was your flight family
it was good night was good from sleep Oh
like half the fight I watched neighbors
to on that I know out yeah I was up like
the last 10 minutes and I was like
I need to buy Wi-Fi and then I realized
there's like 20 minutes left
you know when you're away from your
phone for like 4 hours and you're like
what what would that suit me
alright guys so I just got to our hotel
my hotel I have my own room for some
reason I don't know very very
interesting the first thing I noticed
when I walked into this hotel is
something that I've never experienced
before this is the first ever hotel that
I've been in that has wood floors isn't
that weird
oh and also guess what I got Gucci
flip-flops yo last night after we went
to get our haircuts we came back to my
crib and then I heard why'd you surprise
me and they got me Gucci flip-flops as
kind of like early birthday gift and
also like a thank-you shoutout to my
brother's akhmad Haji I appreciate you
guys thank you for the Gucci flip-flops
and they also got me some Tuscan leather
Tom Ford cologne ok so I doubled up on
that so yeah man Gucci flip-flops you
boys part of the gang I got bored in my
room alone so I'm gonna go visit the
guys and also all the guys that are
playing in the game well most of them
are gonna be linking up right now to go
grab some food so should be pretty dope
house Gibby
also 16 also sexy like this guy up in
freakin Atlanta this guy's taking the
power now let's go MA same guy read
newspaper hmm
oh I don't know if anybody's here
anything okay
yeah good all summer 16
buddy give yourself hey yeah we got the
whip
Luke game I was going surprise for guys
yeah how many do you fit in here ah no
way one like he closed it on it yeah oh
wow
let's just say the new one coming out
tomorrow fam God look at it
Wow Ben - all right guys look how deep
we are right now everybody's here
everybody's talking no night one guys we
keep it low-key you know I'm saying
keeping it super low-key right this man
right here is ready to party I'm ready
to show them the life man they still
alive
all right guys our food is finally here
possible right here oh you got it -
thank you guys it's the first time I've
had freaking pasta in this once show him
what happened to your colon fast
if anybody at night I could help me out
man he got caught that moment on camera
really look at this like it's completely
bad no snaps no nothing the worst time
I've been hyping this up and I came to
show you guys anymore so
you guys are fatigued cause I'm Sophie
and I for Sheridan know I have always
have energy fan but anyway we go into
the arcade we're gonna be playing some
basketball on this thing
who's mad enough to challenge me like to
know what I can tell it though I am that
would salivate
okay no I'm not ready I'm not ready
fill the throat
ah
well good
Oh
Hey
I got murdered I got murdered by night
we mess up
Oh
we can win a Rolex though
it's men of Rolex just where you got
your necklace
I'm leaving
all right guys so we left dave and
buster's literally everyone is exhausted
from their flights and traveling so
everyone's calling it a night David just
told us a creepy story but I'm not gonna
tell you guys because I don't want to
just know he's painting something really
weird tiffany color soon coming soon
coming soon okay that's a little better
first day in Atlanta was a tiring
success but we're here finally got to
meet a lot of the guys which I've been
watching on YouTube for a while now so
it's really great to have everybody
together in one place and it got me even
more excited for Saturday one thing I
want to tell you guys is that Saturday
the sneaker con hoops classic game is
really important to me because it's not
just about us getting together and
having a basketball game and having a
great time it's also an opportunity for
us to show other people what we are
capable of not about I'm not talking
about basketball skill level I'm just
talking about how important we are to
the sneaker community because I feel
like a lot of these brands and probably
some like older sneaker heads they
really don't take us too seriously they
don't give us the credit we deserve
because we put in a lot of work each one
of these guys that are here and playing
in this game we put in a lot of work to
give people reviews to give people our
opinions on sneakers to give people our
thoughts and all of that I wanted to
show the world the sneaker world the
sneaker game the value of YouTube and
the value of the creators and the value
of the sneaker youtubers so hopefully if
you guys are in Atlanta you guys are
able to make it to the sneaker con this
Saturday and you guys are able to watch
the game before I do end today's vlog
there's one thing I wanted to show you
guys because I mean why not
the Air Jordan 31 yesterday was my first
time trying these sneakers on and
playing in them I'm gonna give you guys
a little quick review super dope super
simple performance review basically I
put these things on they foot my foot
really well you know that feeling when
you buy a new pair of shoes and you play
a little bit in your foot feels like
it's just being punched at the bottom I
didn't really feel that when I was using
these I was shooting around most of the
time but I did play a little bit of 21
as well as some one-on-ones with yg but
yeah man they were super comfortable
cushioning was great really excited to
be playing in these for half of the game
at sneaker con Atlanta because the other
half I'm going to be playing in my
special Nike IDs that I'm saving so you
won't see those until Saturday but yeah
man dopes you shout out to Jordan Brand
again for sending me these um anytime
you guys want to send me a pair of
thirty ones you know my mailbox is
always open and if you want to send me
some retros too
that's it for today's vlog hope you guys
enjoyed so you get some on with another
vlog I'm out of here I don't want to
hear it you blowing up my line telling
me you see the clear
saying everything's in line not is no
disappeared recollection today's I fool
me and you
