yeah and then you try to make me feel
away on purpose got a nice little
package I'm bout to unbox I bought this
off of ebay so I don't need to shout out
the person because it was a ebay
purchase so it didn't get stolen either
so shout out to the people that didn't
steal my package this time ah we leave
tomorrow for Atlanta so I've got a lot
of like last-minute things to take care
of today this is an exclusive t-shirt
from the st. Pablo tour in Washington DC
general admission I had to pick this up
guy that literally was just doing some
work and I got another package here the
outside of the box this is the first
package that I've received for Under
Armour so shout out to Under Armour oh
my god wow do all of them come like this
there's this like special packaging
because this is a really really nice box
caius thank you for your support of
Under Armour we hope you enjoyed the new
curry luck slow okay
okay I'm not mad at these at all man
these are freaking sick the black suede
upper I really love the curry - the
curry - is really freaking dope and
really comfortable but I believe this is
the curry one right this is the curry
one this is freaking fire let's throw
these on I want to see what these look
like lot feeds on
I don't know why but we're on Fairfax
but just gonna see what they got huh you
see this fat ass has some receipts that
I want to see what no McDonald's you
ticket I got of you mrs. something
tonight first there's a kid somebody
said take my championship belt off take
it so I'm dead Sam look at that look at
the address of the McDonald's - this is
off the gun dump the police right
outside your house
so let's just say about my fan club we
leave to Atlanta tomorrow
low-key excited man it's going to be
dope just hanging out with all the
youtubers and just chillin man we just
added a freaking new addition to our
roster we picked up Richie Lee I know a
lot of you guys know Richie Lee the
homie we got him on our squad now so we
have eight players we didn't cut anybody
we were down one player the other put
team had eight we had seven so we've
picked up Richie Lee so it's going to be
really fun man there's a lot of eyes on
this game there's going to be a lot of
opportunities with this game so it's
going to be dope as hell
yeah
nice pmdf now been a minute since I
checked up on the dream crew mag drop
but there's some dope in here you
got a easy one you got the nice kicks
nmds got royals you got some phones some
dorm Becker's Supremes some other stuff
fire cakes what do you think
oh my go for the NMD knife speaks
exclusive all set on any of these guys
although seven guys look at this
you get searched mag park.com
but I'm trying to go play some game
thank you somebody go I'm gonna go play
some games gee aren't you nice should I
buy these right now this is the one easy
that's missing from my collection
I need these Easy's man hello Harris
let's talk about Harris okay today he
sent in the group chat a picture of a
ovo hat in ovo shirt ovo inspired
customs and he is just the king the
he is just the biggest like hype beast
when it comes to not rocking like Easy's
and stuff like that but he's a high
peace when it comes to like certain days
of the year like on st. Patrick's Day he
wears green I might read a future day he
was like all of that creatures oh yeah
on May 4th he wears like all his Star
Wars stuff and then I'm like uh what was
it
Election Day he were speaking of early
America stuff like you were ly few words
like a marriage
and today we told them like take the
shirt out the hottest food the shoes is
cool but take that shirt out fancy much
this is a yeah I'm a 10
he's a crazy
funny enjoyed the Kanye this is Helen
there no stop right all the traction 14
year old in fact
I guess we are round two right now
all right kicks what's up how you doing
I'm good fan whose cotton
oh Mickey's calling me because I
love what's up man
my kick shows the gold the gold the gold
one
we got exclusive 24 karat gold yeah
let's just say rotella nutella what are
these worth you right now let me check
yeah for 24k 24k
let's get them down we got our thumbnail
for ya good let's go home alright guys
so Brandon actually uploaded like one on
one from the other day at the other day
on his channel I'm not gonna show you
guys a full game or tell you who won but
let me just show you guys this shot
right here
alright guys so we just left this little
lounge area I gotta go get some shorts
and change it to my basketball gear
because even though we leave into ATL
tomorrow we still got to get them shots
up how many times do you think I've said
I've said Atlanta in the last month in
my vlogs who knows but oh if you got
feeling stud he gets to spew me
I'm excited baby I'd rather honey
low-key we nervous but you know we ready
fam we ready
here let me do it what who's ever get
coders can't hit the folks yeah what was
it is it it is it everybody hit the
phone it was the softest folk I've ever
seen
 that man hey guys so we're
about to play some basketball right now
we're gonna go dude we're at this place
called shot zone right shot zone where
it's strictly shooting City right now oh
god alright guys so yeah we were just
waiting on Mickey to get here cuz he's
got the keys
I'm just game you know the keys Mickey's
the plug to get us in but we're gonna
try to convince him to go to Mac Park
could take closer soon so we're gonna
try to go get some shots up at Mac Park
you film me alright guys so my hair is a
mess because I just took my head off but
we are at the shooting zone so basically
as you guys can see it's got this
shooting contraption right here so when
you shoot the ball goes down into this
little machine and then it shoots it
back at you so you don't have to have a
spotter or anything we got Mickey back
in here what's up man what's up man it's
been a minute it's been a little while
my walkin gratulations on the one-year
thank you sir
sorry I couldn't make it you know you
boys good we good well first on
September 24th right yes sir I'm at your
hunt it's going down we got a
Nairobi card let's do this thing Ahmed
is doing it already
makes you a shot higher art
this heart is they got 28 - I got 29
even the other ones but this one anyone
else well this is the blast one okay
my man's got one shot to tie this that's
cool one shot that's why I need dinners
not my shots on you go passing the ball
coach oh this is a hockey mww oh
yeah
haha alright guys so after very very
stressful and hard shooting session a
boy was hot let's just say it's not
about how did you say snaps were deleted
you know we got an early flight tomorrow
but we probably ain't sleeping tonight
oh I was forget about breath the diner
right now grabbing some food before we
go get haircuts we're going to turn Mac
part into a comeback Park into a turn up
tonight we can get haircuts we're going
to shoot around makies going to be
working on this new mix so turn it turn
it man so if y'all in the building make
sure you guys come through even though
you're watching this later but
everybody's here liko joined us what's
up man what up man who's the most hood
barber you know it's very classic oh wow
good job legal you know we had Mac Park
when you hear the shoes fall off the
walls so it's currently 12 a.m. we're at
Mac Park shooting around about to get
some haircuts back here before we
kidnapped him and we said open up the
damn store we want to have a fun night a
little sleep no but you got to work fam
I knew you got to work let's see we got
at the Burbank location I would have to
say the other location has some more
heat in it the crew kicks one has some
more heat in it I'm not gonna be biased
or anything it does you feel me it got
that nice kicks nmd it's got the freakin
easy ones but let's see what else
oh.what off you have this what size is
this Braun taking this this XL
September was which shows this New York
huh of course you guys have a New York
plug hold on if there's any exhales in
here one difference is Excel copy I'll
go oh you have Bieber merge too long ago
like you
I guess it's my turn to get cut you know
what do i do I want to do something
different I don't know what to do that's
the question so I'm probably just going
to go with the same thing but I might
get a design on my hair what's up huh
show us the cut like you like it yeah
did you get a designer no yeah I didn't
all the line you always get that
I'm just gonna do three stripes like
adidas I beast or would I do the design
don't like right here I'm gonna do it
right here in the back of my head should
I get this line no no yeah I think you
should I think instead of the first
thing you should get a hard part if I
get a hard part
well if because my thin hairs like right
here so if I get a hard part will it
affect that in the future or no like
you're growing back or nah nah it won't
know unless you're like receding well
not the thing about is I used to have a
big-ass bald spot right here in high
school yeah so as you can see my hair
right here is very thin compared to the
back steroids like they injected my hair
hair grow a girl growing hair hormones
or some but yeah so you don't think
it will affect it um I don't know well I
mean no no the thing is I don't want to
do it once and then I'll have to do it
every single time because yours is hella
thin yeah like it looks good like it's
it's not big I don't want it to be held
a big yeah I think you'll be fine like
that's how I like to do
it actually parts already so just
recently little been workin all right
guys you ready to see this haircut first
of all your boy went all out right I
took some risks I did some things I
usually don't do but BAM check it out I
decided to add the little part right
there and on the back I don't know if
you guys can see it but we got the three
stripes like adidas I'm saying you know
I'm only rockin Nikes and Jordans on the
court for the game but it still looks
dope you know always got a rep to use
this brand let me show you guys here
because the lighting might be able to
interfere I'm not you guys think I look
too much like a high B so I'm cool
anyway it's like almost 3:00 a.m. guys
we're still getting haircuts our flight
for Atlanta's at like 9:00 or 10:00 a.m.
so we look young I'm low-key not gonna
get any sleep tonight
hello but you know I'm saying it's all
good we gotta be got a lot of basketball
and go home after what he's done getting
his haircut go home take a shower pack
edit this vlog upload and then enter
Atlanta man
