what is good sneakerheads
so Oh wrong channel what's good
everybody hope everybody's having a
great day man it is a beautiful day here
in Los Angeles it is the first day that
I haven't wore a hoodie and it's
actually cold outside peep out the Hat I
feel like a high B's hats available this
Saturday at sneaker Con
you know I got to start the vlog off
with a shameless plug let's have a great
day today man I honestly have nothing
planned the first thing I'm gonna do is
go out and check out some apartments I'm
itching to start this new chapter in my
life so I'm really looking for this new
apartment heavy trying to get it to go
down by the end of this month so let's
see what happens and this way back up
bro
all the Senate alright guys so looked at
this apartment and I really like it but
your boys hungry so should I get which
which or should I get freaking sushi
which which sandwich sushi sushi
sandwich sandwich sushi
damnit I guess so I found an apartment
that I really like you know there's hell
up steps to getting it now
you know applications and all this
bullsh I'm an adult now I think I'm
gonna adult too late in my life but
better than late than ever you're not
insane but anyway I'm gonna go back to
my place now honestly this is my thought
process today I was like dude every day
I go out for like an hour and I come
back home and I'm in my apartment and
then I don't have footage for the next
vlog and I'm trying my best not to miss
a vlog this month if you've been paying
attention I've been uploading every day
I'm going back to my apartment again and
it's been an hour I had food I ate at
which--which I checked out an apartment
and I'm just like man I'm gonna be in
the same predicament now what like but
that's my day man that's what a vlog is
it's my day
okay so mark the boy was cracking
ruthless
this is my boy I make it easier to give
you follow me at crooked more they
probably seem older they probably see my
meme going around right now you got a
mean yeah you probably saw this picture
no I have it that's me so yeah so now
man I'm going back home and I'm like God
what am I gonna freakin vlog like this
is the Senate this is my something this
is why I used to miss days is because
there's days when I'm just at home and I
don't think people understand that and I
don't think people understand there's
been comments lately saying all your
vlogs are so trash why are you giving us
these trash vlogs a vlog is my day I'm
sorry my day is trash you know it's
whatever man I know my cool oils come
back they support they love I'm about to
get hit by this car and
yeah myth we are here so yeah but I am
gonna do something when I get back to
the home I'm gonna show you guys I'm
trying to get rid of some sneakers like
there's a lot of sneakers in my room I
do this often but there's a lot of
sneakers that are just sitting in my
room that I'm like okay you know what I
mean I must sell these I'm gonna get
something else so I need to go through a
few sneakers decide what I want to keep
what I want to sell all right guys
currently 1 a.m. 1 a.m. 1 a.m. from
where I last was it's 1:00 a.m. what did
I do all day I laid in this bed I typed
on that computer ideas I edited on that
computer and I did some photoshop work
and I had phone meetings now I'm finally
getting to look at my collection one of
the shoes that I've already picked out
like in my head now these are freaking
amazing like freaking come up with this
damn cake I just don't think I will be
wearing these anytime soon let me show
you what's so tough about these we'll
come back to the shoe in a minute I put
it on the light so like sneakers like
this I really like them they're dope as
hell but I mean I don't find days that I
want to wear these okay I made my
decision there's Thursday these are fake
I would sell these right here but I
don't think anybody would buy a pair of
words off of me that I ran over with my
car so yeah I think we're gonna get rid
of these let's pick these in the plan
check out our little buddy here I love
my Jordans well in the dark let's do the
top next and it'll come back to that I
think these might be the joints that I
get rid of because again I don't if you
can have time can wear these I don't
even wear my other kairi's so this is
dope as hell oh but Danny's are just a
sick ass concept man I'm gonna keep
these I don't think I would get rid of
any of these Jordan ones except then
ones that
everywhere which are these right here
doesn't call mine ones they're gonna
have to get rid of these I know my focus
is going crazy amateur chef right now is
that sexy or what these shoes are sick
as hell it's hard sometimes man like
basically everything here is ones that I
really like this is another shoe that
just sits here but I really just wanted
just to have because this is carries for
a signature so no these are cool I got
to keep these guys it's so hard to
decide whether you want to keep them or
not a lot of people try to copy these
off me mm-hmm I ain't selling these
family y'all should have made these when
you had the chance so what's going on
with these sneakers right here let me
tell you guys first of all I can't show
you guys these right here because these
are the sneakers that I'm playing with
at the sneaker called Atlanta game this
weekend but I made two pairs of them so
one of them is actually right there
that's the pair I'm playing in and then
this right here is the pair that I'm
giving away and I'm gonna be giving this
pair away in LA at the scavenger hunt on
September 24th so I'm actually building
a scavenger hunt in Los Angeles and I'm
gonna be given away five prizes one of
the prizes you're gonna be this Nike ID
the other prize is gonna be that easy so
this is the easy that I won at the
keymaster at Seoul supremacy and I was
thinking what am I gonna do with this
and that's when I made the decision that
if I'm having a one-year anniversary
crude cakes scavenger hunt it's only
right that I give away a pair of easy so
this is gonna be the first time that I
actually give away it very easy so let
me take these out of the box so you guys
know that I'm not met playing around
so yeah here they are easy 750s gumball
in size 10 I'm giving these damn things
away at the scavenger hunt on September
24th in Los Angeles this is a hundred
percent free to come participate you
just need to come to the mag park pop-up
on Fairfax Avenue at the Hall of Fame
and it's gonna start at that location
and from there we're gonna give you guys
the directions of what you need to do in
order to complete the scavenger hunt
there will be ten steps to the scavenger
hunt and again if you do plan to
participate make sure you guys have a
car or you have an uber account or
something to get around because it won't
just be at that location it's gonna be a
scavenger hunt all over Los Angeles so
if you are a youngin please bring a
parent with you to help you participate
in this because we don't want anybody to
get lost or stolen or kidnap stolen or
kidnapped or you know end up trying to
drive a car when you're only like 5
years old or 6 years old or 7 years old
or whatever the case may be if you're in
Los Angeles September 24th the scavenger
hunt I think we are starting it at 11 or
12 a.m. a.m. either at 11 a.m. or 12
p.m. we are starting it I don't know
that information yet but definitely I'll
keep you guys updated because we still
have a week and a half until we do that
so the other prize that I'm giving away
is gonna be a Jordan one but I haven't
decided which Jordan one I want to give
away I'm not giving away any of these
I'm actually gonna go buy another pair
so I think I want to give away either a
shattered backboard
or a bread one I haven't decided just
yet but something dope man this is gonna
be a dope scavenger hunt so it's not
just gonna be an easy scavenger hunt
either it's gonna cut it also gonna it's
gonna take the noggin when you guys get
there you will be handed a piece of
paper that has the ten steps that you
need to complete in order to win the
scavenger hunt and then the first five
people who complete those steps and
bring it back to the Burbank location of
MAG park they are one of the five first
winners
again September 24th if you want to wear
these when these Easy's you know what
it'd be addresses in the description box
down below I'm out of here I think I'm
going to end the vlog here two more days
until I leave to Atlanta I'm leaving on
Thursday so I'm low-key super excited
get mad at peace up a-town down aunt
Lana we in there
I said peace
