look what y'all made me do
downtown that late today guys downtown
LA
I was a girl with my shiny suit I wasn't
bothering nobody I was just law my
rolling in the sky
look what y'all made me look what y'all
made it smash the mirrors they can't
face themselves
I tell him calm down shouldn't hate
yourself I'm coming with that work hope
you brace yourself backstroke on the
feet on my Michael Phelps you hear my
voice on the feet you should pray for
help stop by toast making movies he like
no one else give me peace gotta eat
that's the way I felt it all sticks
kicking off ain't no way myself around
the same time we see whipping with you
well shake running
alright guys we out here at shop nice
cakes taking the look around they got
some dope stuff they had their grand
opening last week they had some pretty
dope stuff I got some nice cakes
transformers collab stuff check out this
camo hat pretty dope and then check out
this bleep t-shirt that I got super dope
right here Optimus Prime
an unfolded right now but
super sit so Optimus Prime right there
dance formers is this kind of like that
rock style that's really popping right
now so I never went to class cuz I
didn't care I made a decision I can't
have no bears didn't see my opposition
didn't see my parents
Oh steady coming to the top when what
they appear to I'm living out my vision
that's not everyday mo vision mo vision
I just hope it stays there we know I'll
hit you up how's it going
alright guys so we gonna have one of
those talks right now I've been giving
you guys updates I've been sitting in
this same spot I guess this is like the
new announcement spot whatever it is
I've been talking to you guys recently
giving you guys literal announcements
here and there but I really wanted to
just get everything out right now so if
I can have a few minutes of your time
right now to just talk about everything
basically as you guys know the first
thing I want to tell you guys about is
Atlantis niekirk on this Saturday I've
talked about it over and over again we
are a few days away
today is currently Monday today is
currently Tuesday sneaker cotton is this
Saturday it is gonna be the first ever
sneaker con hoops classic where my team
to dream crew faces the shoe tubers now
it's gonna be really fun I don't need to
hype up the game because there's already
so much hype on it but I just want to
let you guys know that if you're at
sneaker con it is gonna be at sneaker
con a lot of people have been asking is
it in a different building
is it gonna be but the day before the
day after no it is Saturday the 17th
sneaker calling like you literally just
need a ticket to get into sneaker con
and the court is gonna be there with
bleachers now if you want to get into
the bleachers and watch the game that's
where you need to download the airtime
app it is completely free to download
you don't have to pay for it you just
have to download the airtime app when
you get there you show that you have it
on your phone or if you don't have a
phone you show your guardian who has a
phone whatever it is you just have to
show that you have the airtime app and
that gets you a seat into the game a lot
of people have been asking if they have
to purchase a separate ticket for the
game and no you don't you just need to
show that you have the airtime app so
you can download it now I will link it
in the description box down below for
anybody that wants to download it to
their mobile device again it is gonna be
like kind of like open seating so
there's a benches and you can sit and
watch the game have a good time with us
we'll be interacting with the crowd
that's that now I wanted to show you
guys the two pieces of exclusive merge
that I'm gonna be selling at my booth at
sneaker Con Atlanta so the first item
that I'm gonna be selling is that I feel
like a hat I beast hat I did show you
guys pictures of this but I finally got
the sample and on the back it says dream
crew right there
then on the little buckle it says oh
seven because that is the year that I
started my youtube journey so very
simple dad hat I'm actually gonna throw
this on right now it's very simple dad
hat as you guys can see and then this is
where I'm super excited because a lot of
people have been asking me to release
the camo t-shirt again so for the
t-shirt design I'm actually gonna take
the hat off right now because I feel
like it doesn't match my outfit I
brought back the camo t-shirt but I made
some adjustments so ladies and gentlemen
exclusively available this Saturday at
sneaker Con Atlanta it is the camo I
feel like a hypebeast t-shirt version
too
BAM as you guys can see it is the same
exact camo t-shirt but this time I did
the orange print I feel like a high
beast on the front and then on the back
this is honestly one of my favorite
designs it says crew crew crew crew four
times big on the back so it doesn't have
that tombstone design this has the
regular crew design you know I'm gonna
be rocking this all day at sneaker Con
Atlanta so if you're not in Atlanta and
you actually want to pick this one up
you better find a friend that's gonna be
at sneaker counter Atlanta to get it for
you and I'm actually going to be giving
away three of them right now on my
Instagram so if you actually want to win
one for free go to my Instagram and look
at the last post that's on there the
last couple posts that are on there it's
about this shirt so when it comes to
sneak O'Connor Atlanta I've also been
hyping up a special shoe that I made
that I'm gonna be playing in but I'm not
gonna show you guys that shoe yet
because I don't want to show it until I
wear it on court but Jordan Brand
actually reached out to me and I'm super
excited because they wanted me to pick
playing a pair of sneakers too and I
said I'll playing them as long as I can
only wear them for half of the game so
for half of the game I'm actually gonna
be wearing a sneaker that they sent me
I'm just super super honored and blessed
get a freaking letter from Jordan Brand
so this is the first time Jordan Brand
has ever like reached out to me and gave
me anything so it really means a lot to
me and this letter really means a lot to
me and this sneaker now means a lot to
me too and I'm really happy to be
playing in this sneaker but it says
basically I'm not gonna read the whole
thing because it tells you the name
shoo but Jordan Brand sent me a letter
so yeah that's pretty dope thumbnail
these are the Jordan fine prints okay
band as you guys can see it is a black
and white colorway of the Jordan 30s it
is inspired by Jordan signing his
contract with Nike so basically on the
bottom of the shoe they actually put his
signature and it's kind of crazy how
this is the first shoe that they said
which is like a contract signing shoe
because I'm not obviously I'm not
signing a contract with Jordan Brand but
it's like that first like initial like
connection between the two brands so
shout out to Jordan Brand for this but
yeah these actually come out September
17th the same day of the game so that's
kind of why they wanted me to rock it
and promote it but yeah right here the
Jordan 31 cool box and all thank you
Jordan Brand again this is actually the
shoe that I'm gonna be playing in and as
a Nike ID I'll show you guys another
very small glimpse that's all I'm going
to show you guys the last thing I want
to talk about is crew kicks what's going
on with crew kicks why am I not being
consistent on crew kicks what's going on
am I losing in my running out ideas this
is what happened okay I'm gonna keep it
honest is it honest with you guys around
the tour time I started missing videos
on crew kicks because it was really hard
for me to upload and be on the road
that's that I missed videos because of
that there's no excuses there so after
the tour I was like okay the one-year
anniversary of crew kicks is coming up
I've been doing five days a week all
year long am I gonna switch up the
format of the show or am I gonna keep it
the way it is and try to do five videos
a week that's when I made the decision I
said the content that I used to upload
on the channel is 10 times better than
the content I've been releasing recently
because not that I'm running out of
ideas it's just my schedule and all the
opportunities that have been coming to
me and all the traveling I have done is
really making it hard for me to upload
five days a week as well as taking
control of my vlog Channel this is what
I decided starting next week which is
the one-year anniversary of crew kicks
I'm changing the format of the channel
it will no longer be five days a week
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and
Friday but it still will be a lot of
videos in the week so starting next week
it's gonna be a new video on kruky
every other day so that means you'll get
a video for crew kicks on the weekend
and that actually starts this Sunday so
here's the thing I still want to keep
crew collections on Monday because I
still want to keep that series going so
this is how the format of crew kicks is
gonna go so it's gonna be Sunday Monday
Wednesday Friday there will be a new
video on Crew case the slogan of the
show is gonna be welcome to crew kicks
where we upload every stop already
welcome to crew kicks where we upload a
new video every other day but when I say
that I really mean Sunday Monday
Wednesday Friday but that's just an
update on crew kicks and I promise you
guys I know I've been slacking on the
channel I know I have if I really want
to get more opportunities and I really
want to grow this channel and make it
the number one sneaker channel on
YouTube then I have to give you guys
quality videos man and that's exactly
what I'm gonna do you don't have to
believe me right now but I will show you
guys that and I know a lot of people
gonna talk about everything I just said
but I promise you guys just stick with
me thank you guys for listening to me
right now I'm sorry that this vlog
really sucked fast cuz it's just me
talking for most of the time but I want
to say I do appreciate you guys I want
to say thank you guys for keeping me
motivated and keeping me blessed and
giving me do these freaking
opportunities like getting sneakers from
Jordan Brand or getting me to go to
Atlanta to frickin play in the
first-ever hoops classic I appreciate
you guys so much thank you again man
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog I'm out of here have a great day
it's master mirrors they can't face
themselves yeah
I tell him calm down shedding hate
yourself I'm coming with that work hope
you brace yourself backstroke on the
feet on my Michael Phelps
