alright guys so welcome to today's vlog
are you are you ready for today yeah I'm
so ready bro we're ready because it's
warm inside here we're at the Javits
Center this is actually where sneaker
con New York is going to be held and
we're gonna start the vlog off here
because I'm gonna spend most of my day
well not most of my day but a good
amount of my day here setting up because
I'm making my booth a little better than
usual less talk let's just go get inside
catch some vibes and see what happens
today
yo how much do your outfit blends yoga
way it's not working
a little bit of behind the scenes of
what happens before the actual sneakers
con craziness or inside the venue
obviously this is my backdrop but my
backdrops actually gonna be moved
alongside the crew is under construction
as you guys can see it's being built
right now so far this is all the merch I
have the waterproof shirts straight from
London we got about like not that many
but it's just four three six nine twelve
of each size so these are gonna be super
limited my guys they're here finally
blazing crew hoodies oh my god I love
this color way more than it looks in a
picture we created the camo ourselves
this isn't it just like a generic Camel
blazing all while this feels way better
than last time camera man is going to
break his life oh who is this kid
alright guys so we've been at this venue
for like four hours just setting up I've
got this giant X above my booth right
here because we're actually gonna be
hanging the private label dream crew
backpacks from these ropes and we're
gonna leave them open so that the 3m
show so when you take a picture from
down here all the three I'm just shines
oh my god oh the 3m just shines on you I
really haven't seen anyone except like
unknown and and like a few other people
here but everyone's kind of been just
like you know doing their own thing
everyone's kind of just doing the same
old sneaker shopping in New York vlogs
we did that yesterday you know I'm
saying they behind we ahead of the game
that's how we do it out here we didn't
get to finish what we wanted to do but
basically we got five dream crew
private-label bags right here and
basically as you can see from right here
these are actually going to be higher up
but we're gonna have five bags hanging
from the ceiling with the 3m open so
that you could see the 3m when you take
the snapchat or a picture from above
it's gonna look sick he doesn't see it
tomorrow as well but I'm very very
excited to be doing this one of you guys
see that car over there it's like a easy
frozen yellow inspired cars we're gonna
go over there and look at it and I'm
probably gonna get my thumbnail for the
day so let's see that mm-hmm
that's crazy or I guess
lays in there he's finally here so I'm
gonna go deliver his half of the
packages it's the biggest workout I've
done all month
no gym yo guys sir I see a vessel
delivery special deliver all qualities
crazy where's my size though Oh insides
nice too late yes I agree
are you trying to sell the product the
product sells itself medium
let's get Chris hey Dan good I'm leaving
the venue as if I'm about to go to my
igloo but look at this dope ass big-ass
screen right when you walk in they're
gonna be playing our videos up there
tomorrow goddamn this damn escalator you
got no line that you booth my stack to
the roof oh my god it is snowing right I
love it it's real snow it snows in
London but look at this is real it like
is I see it is literally high go no bra
it is so cold I'm not about this life
take me back to Cali bro it's 80 degrees
in California right now hopefully my
camera doesn't get messed up in this uh
in this snow brah this is literally so
freakin late we're in the middle of the
street right now walking like we walk in
like we own this place but this is crazy
I love this man I like I should have I
should have sprayed mine breath L am it
over here digging that he's in a
freaking home alone movies
ooh
sorry guys so we are back at the venue
right now and it's time for player
meetings I shoot around and we just
literally walked around the whole
building cuz Security's been great so
we've got to go right now and start
shooting around and just go over the
rules for the three-on-three tournament
there was just a situation that I just
got well first of all show them that
we'll think about that later
what happened was that our jerseys four
four teams did not get delivered so that
means that they have to like right now
go get make up jerseys and last-minute
jerseys and my team is one of the teams
so we had like these dopest black
jerseys with the camo trim but
unfortunately we're not going to be
wearing those anymore so we have to just
go get the second option and it sucks
but you know there could be worse a
worse situation we still got the refs we
got the court and I'm saying we out here
living life I love that scoreboard
who first shot don't like it me like
it's ripples but like you can kind of
dead stops think I'm gonna break my own
angles yeah we gotta be careful all
right so basically three on it's three
on three because they couldn't put a
full core cuz these damn pillars right
here we just got to make some decisions
on should there be mid game subs or only
subs in between like each game mid game
like after like dead balls are we
shooting free throws or is it just take
out all the foul okay we should do like
regular three on three half court rules
right with the rest
made it to the top three so I'm dying
man I'm dying brother even that just
like freakin exhausted me he's getting
tired from a game on nacho you know I
just want to ask that come fatigue so I
take it hard tomorrow no no it's because
you know it's very soon to be married
yeah you know all right guys for the
first time in two days my body's
actually hot having fun with the guys
and uh getting some shots up before
tomorrow's big games man you know I'm
saying if I win my first round and they
win their first round we're gonna be
playing Mickey's team in the second
round so - baby I'm already looking
forward to and you'll have B dot that
game so I marked my calendar before I
even got here crew yeah take my W still
I wore my Gatorade ones look what
happened to these bro hold on look how
messed up they are
I should have sprayed these with crap
protect and now I'm taking an L this guy
turned into a high peace overnight when
they got the supreme fat mass the
supreme jacket the long coat jacket the
gloves what about the peer goblets with
the spear got hot high beast man high
fees oh the real question is what is
Brandon wearing - sneaker car cuz he's
been buying some sneakers did you order
the ones you showed me on though I
ordered them but they didn't come in hey
I went to this man I had a lot of
questions about sneakers I went straight
to this guy right here
I guess practices rap stuff time to go
back out in that snow and freeze but it
was good practice man I'm ready for
tomorrow and I'm saying got them shots
up we've got warmed up about to give all
these dudes else tomorrow
it is currently my Paris just
texted me is 1258 right now apparently
my room is the party house we got the
home alone guy over here guys I didn't
get a haircut I'm growing my hair out
and I'm gonna let watch G line me up I
don't know if this is a mistake or not
Mizell right now I know if I'm saying he
has help I'm gonna let yg line up my
neck because the boy needs I'm a hairy
guy you know I'm saying that's middle he
says we are Harry
what u.s. cuts coming soon it's just a
small content I need you to make a hard
line - all right just on just on the
sides I'm gonna work angles right now
should I give you design look no no no
nah cuz you just do it wrong if I didn't
look sick what if I just put like what
if I just put like a fat Q no no they
just right here yeah my not look you'll
just be like a sick dude look I was
joking you're not turning it off but
it's not turning oh my god I'll send a
joke around it's not too many knobs you
it's currently 2 a.m. right now in New
York City and I'm about to make one of
the craziest and basically my most
expensive sneaker purchase of my entire
life like we making transactions happen
at 2:00 a.m. yeah this one's a little
bit special but I I'm waiting for my
plug to arrive here I'm at his hotel so
I'm waiting from the pull up and you
know make this thing happen you know I'm
saying no matter what time it is if the
plug comes through you got to show up
major key
I wish it was for me wish it was my size
you that's myself now how many of these
exist one of two well and me and then
these are one of one right one of one
and then what is this one right here Kim
Kardashian got to two of these can't
wait she post them on on the ground man
that's gonna be late
and that's real a lot of people gonna be
like oh that's fake that's a good guys
look at this look at the detail inside
you know that's crazy
so Kim Kardashian has two of those
here's one of them supreme you know we
only made 12 of those so happy Holidays
to the people who got that but anyway
the camera died so we're using the phone
and uh so Mina gets here at 5:00 or 6:00
a.m. and it's currently what like 3:00
a.m.
am i sleeping like an hour or two maybe
I know I have the longest day but it's
the grind bro I still gotta go home and
edit this vlog unknowns in the shop
right now
that's the grind man you gotta keep it
going and we out here and I'll cry yeah
I mean it comes in the morning so we're
probably gonna end the vlog here unless
I go back to the hotel but probably go
back to the hotel and then we get the
day started so yeah do you want your
gift now come sit here
first of all mean agape is uneasy supply
two pairs of you is easy supply I got
one too but you found me you know I got
the early access because I had the
bundle pack but sit here close your eyes
what a cheater close your eyes put this
over your eyes open your hands
okay look
feels like a vapor max I didn't see it
to guess it you can look
these are your shoes I knew his pickup
Hucky clothing right
okay open your hands
oh my god I feel the trail bottoms my
heart is jumping
fresh we're happy anniversary gonna wear
him today yeah I know you're the one
said you said they fit big right oh my
god I can leave I have these these
Tuesday here okay good definite yeah
sure okay I guess I'm getting a gift
guys and by the way guys I just woke up
mean I just got here it's currently I
should pick on here like hour ago but
it's 846 Oh supposed to leave already
asleep but I haven't even added in my
vlog yet oh my god this is guys I don't
even know is getting anything go too
cheeky
Oh No hey brah I've been looking for
these these are not even released yet
I've been looking all over for these
this isn't like a pre-order everywhere
they don't ship until March of next year
and it's on it on brah you got the snake
and then on the inside you got the back
oh my god how is your plan Gucci Chanel
and Gucci
thank you that these are so clean guys I
didn't even expect this you forgot some
Gucci shoes fine and these are my first
pair of Gucci shoes besides like my
dress shoes no one has the easier bright
no one got these yet all right nice end
of the vlog I'm happy with my gift I
don't even know I was getting a gift
we're gonna go get ready for sneaker
console
watch tomorrow's vlog right yeah
