guys that made a new best friend today
what's up fam you good anyway we're at
the holy spirit right now what's up so
guys how are you guys doing today
so we just did what are those but we did
like a special NBA edition and I it came
out pretty good I'm not gonna tell you
guys if he wins or if he loses cuz it's
gonna go up tomorrow on crew kicks I'm
excited man it was dope and now we're
gonna go play a little one-on-one I'm
too ready like I can't even when you get
in that zone you can't even talk I came
to speak right now we need to go clay
your Twitter followers or eating me up
saying I'm gonna get my ass handed to me
no no no but they hide me up too much
for what squat I love you too much thank
you guys for that though I used to play
a lot but then like ever since I moved
to LA I stopped playing so I've been
like making excuses I'm not making we'll
see what happens the game's gonna be on
his channel I have a few clips on here
not too much because we don't want to
give away the results but we're gonna go
go one when I cross you up with Alan on
your channel now I'm gonna crop that one
actually let's let them see the
Internet's most loved gays rug yeah say
what's up to the blog guys he sure those
we can show them yet all right guys here
he is now huh hey what's up shout out
Kai's Omar yo homey check out the lab
yeah hold on I gotta see this you know
I've never seen we I've never seen one
of these in person
oh really no wait how many subs you have
on what's like your most subs on low
years or 100k oh really so I'm trying to
get at least to a mil by mid next year
but we'll see you do that I'm trying to
get 500k by the end of this month so I
don't think that's gonna happen
really it's perfect yeah it's heavy as
hell - yeah I got one honey can all my
other channels do of them so I got the
three mini ones sitting in my mini ones
right there yeah that's peaking dough
guys we are in the son's Hall of Fame
room now welcome to my crib there's some
bad luck this is like have you ever been
to Phoenix you've been to phenom in the
Phoenix only to watch the Sun Games
wasn't win they didn't go for fun just
only to watch Phoenix something then the
legend right here I gotta give it to
this man right here I saw him at the
Warriors playoff game and I was so
scared to say vs. what the Warriors I'm
just like yeah I don't get scared when I
see NBA players but when I saw Steve
Nash I was hella nervous I'm sure when
you saw Kobe it is like oh yeah Kobe
Kobe had me shook when I met oh man you
know that oh did you really yeah I met
him at a gas station he was hella cool
really so I got to talk to him
one-on-one for like five minutes
oh my B so I can't I want to be able to
do that but you've met all the Sun
stares right yeah I've met all the Sun
players and they're all higher ups in
the NBA world and Kobe is so I mean
that's pretty crazy
yeah he's playing guys don't take me
seriously
alright guys so we just got done with
the one-on-one I'm not gonna say who won
because it's gonna be on his channel but
I gotta say man this guy could shoot I
didn't know he could shoot like that no
this guy could shoot you know honestly
that's the first time I my shot was
actually going in and I was throwing up
some miracle let's say he just came at
the right time go it's gonna be on his
channel just going up
you said Tuesday Tuesday yeah so I'll be
up tomorrow and also if you guys want us
to link up and do some more projects
together I came to San Diego now you
gotta come to LA well do LA for sure so
okay yeah I think of something thumbs up
if you guys want us to work together I'm
out of here guys since I'm already in
San Diego before I head back to LA I got
to stop at the San Diego beach one time
stick my toes in the sand relax a little
bit before I get back on the road I got
like a two-hour drive back to LA so it
was only right man
it is beautiful here man beautiful this
really really makes me want to go to
somewhere tropical makes me really want
to go to Hawaii again man I miss Hawaii
I know that is not a gun to my head that
is my tripod even though I know the
beach is really close to LA too like we
have Santa Monica beach long beach all
of that but just I don't get to go that
often just because of the traffic really
pushes me away but honestly I need to go
to the beach like once a week and take
advantage of my surroundings being in LA
that's something I really haven't done
over the past year every time I go to
Santa Monica I just go straight to
shopping or whatever but I mean the
beach is right there so I got to take
advantage of things like this but San
Diego sand feels a lot better between my
toes time to leave San Diego hopefully
come back here soon unlike last time my
car didn't get towed this time so I'm a
little happy about that
a fatass ball is definitely live because
I'm playing basketball for the second
time today and yes I still have the same
shirt on that I played in earlier
because I just went home and laid on my
ground and so these guys said all right
let's go hoop but anyway this is our
first team practice before sneaker con
Atlanta hey hey hey ready fam let's just
say there's only four of us from the
team out of seven I think but you know
at least it's better than building
chemistry yeah yeah we building
chemistry out here we're gonna play some
two on twos do some drills well autumn
is on the way we got Mike right now he
flew all the way from Colorado just to
be at this practice right we ain't here
so what you want to do Saturday everyone
thinks our team is gonna get smacked I
promise you guys we're gonna surprise
everyone right this Saturday in Atlanta
we making some noise we are here looking
for a van
six I think if you were gonna have a
sign of alright guys quick little
two-on-two it's me and Mike versus the
mole mood brothers let's get it
alright guys good pickup games breaking
a sweat out here with time is a dudas
related two o'clock van we out here
working hard I don't even think I'm
asleep tonight honestly what's tomorrow
Monday so we leave to Atlanta on
Thursday we're all getting there
Thursday afternoon we're gonna have like
I don't know what we're gonna do
Thursday honestly just hang out huh and
then sneak a con is Saturday so make
sure you guys come and it's gonna be
freaking dope as hell
Mike why didn't you tell me earlier for
us that was Mike the time Mike's the
type of player where it's a wide open
lane everybody be like dunk dunk and
he'll just go for the lighthouse today I
think this is a parent scope is in the
building
oh yeah oh man
