guys it's here it's here what's in this
box is the exclusive t-shirt and hat for
sneaker con Atlanta this Saturday
September 17th but I got to go I'll show
you guys later
currently in the car man I'm going off
its house he told me I could come pick
up my Easy's as you guys saw on
yesterday's vlog I told you he took my
damn Easy's because I broke my diet it
was honestly Photoshop somebody
photoshopped a picture of me eating
pizza so I'm gonna go pick them up okay
guys so I'm not gonna talk too much
because I want to leave house you guys
know just freaking idiot took my damn
750s this fool tried to prank me okay
I'm not going to tell you guys what
exactly happened first of all I'm not
gonna tell you guys what happened I'm
not gonna tell you guys what happened if
you guys want to watch the freakin prank
that he did you can go to his channel
it's going to be up today I'm just gonna
show you guys what he did to the shoes
frickin idiot
look at this woo why would you do this
why why would you do this why the would
you do this just remember and camp fire
kicks we never cheat on our diet we stay
true to ourselves so this is what
happened when you mess with me
fire kick savage coming out I'm not
talking to you until we go to Atlanta
I wanted to let you be a trend
welcome home so they used to be in Los
Angeles go grams you through my lessons
about to become a Rams fan I think I
corrupt it which is I don't like the
cool sorry
just because Carney hasn't worn these
you don't like that I always just you
have one there cuz you don't know where
I never can wear
it's just you don't need another new
sink okay
blocks actually a little better what is
this
you like those no I would never I could
never rock these these are too boyish
it's supposed to be all waterproof yeah
but what is where is it polka dots on
there we just left the mall we didn't
buy anything kale epic well we didn't
come to buy anything we just came to
waste time we're gonna go eat and then
we're gonna go bowling
all right guys target run is very
necessary what was that weird you
Jesus he's fixing me here target run is
very necessary before we go bowling
because target is gonna close what are
you man look at what he was trying to
put in the cart ha ha ha what a Diaz I
have special spokesman disease for a
long time that's look how dirty they are
he's like a month ago my god these
forever
don't lie to the mirror Oh
because it supports all your body weight
alright guys here we go cosmic bowling I
might actually have a chance to win
today because Harris isn't here so good
luck OSU creation oh well you're going
to do today
I don't know the last few times I played
like the competitions that is hard
don't be
good we're getting there silly picture
okay so I'm beating her
one
if you come back you can still win I
beat you the entire game except for the
very less hole you got left you know
that's when accountants felt bad for you
was like let me help
no it was all skill I'm God's gift okay
I'm God's gift hello yo guys we gotta
end the night with some boba yo this is
chill as hell look at this place we got
the Donald Duck top on the bow bow got a
mixer
it's the best part
alright guys that's it crew TV what crew
yeah with a Q yeah check it out alright
guys I don't know I guess that's it for
today's vlog hope you guys enjoyed if
you did you don't do thumbs up right
here the big bone of snapchat um um die
alright guys I'm out of here man I'm
uploading two videos here today on crew
TV one of them was actually a skit so
stay tuned with that with the homie
Justin also guys don't forget to go to
off meds page where he hot met in YG's
page where he freaking praying me with
the easy prank that should be up today
too so I'll put all those in the
description box down below
how about here any final words back
there this bhava is j6 ITA don't mess
with me campfire case I pull up that boy
I'm not gonna cheat my diet anymore
