what's up everybody today Keiss is
coming over vehicle dude come on we're
not filming the skit yet alright so
hei√ü is coming over today because we
are filming a little skit for his
channel she wanted to look a little
whisper challenge video but sadly like I
have someone pretty fucked up news to
tell him and I think I'm gonna do it
during the video and my bad person for
that so like how many subscribers do you
have bro we just hit 400,000 that's it
same one take seven what's going on
YouTube hope everybody's having a great
day go ahead and introduce you my name
is Justin today we're gonna do the
whisper challenge I'm so excited he has
a YouTube channel go subscribe to it the
link is in the description guys ten
thousand thumbs up and I'll suck his toe
tonight yeah so this is how the game
works I'm gonna put on some headphones
and he's gonna whisper something to me I
have to read his lips and guess what
he's saying if I get it right I get a
point look at my down down look at my
down
it's gonna be top worst alright guys so
right now hysys filming a video right
now for his skip but justin has some bad
news he got with this girl let's see the
reaction I'm definitely gonna win this
challenge yeah thumbs up if you guys dig
over win this challenge hot bro no shot
ro okay um I like chicken nuggets I like
chickens chubbies I'm gonna win this
video for sure bro I'd like chicken
nuggets I like dicks and rub it that's a
yes alright guys it's Justin's turn and
he's not gonna get this this is gonna be
impossible all my Easy's or fake you
like to eat pineapples your clothes your
super close all my Easy's or fake I see
if I'm nope you didn't get it guys
that's zero points for Justin won't
point for me next round let's do this
boom I'm ready let's go alright so let
me go down yeah I'm ready man he's never
wrong it's kids you need water or
something bad come on it's early yeah
all right my turn guys love this guy
okay I say one more time I put your fish
I fell in a ditch two points that's
right I fuck your ditch I your
if my bitch see I don't want to bring it
up brova like you know me you really are
you like you really try to tell me
something that I won't be that guy but I
thought this would be a good time to do
it yeah my bad that's big sort of them
to turn ready I mean I don't know why
you're gross your trip two points guys
you ready for this okay I what's going
on guys so today I'm actually going to
my homie Justin's house we're gonna be
filming a skit but what he doesn't know
is that I have to break some really bad
news to him and I decided that I'm gonna
do it while we're playing the game so
that you guys can watch let's see how it
goes I your mom look at my down down
look at my down down look at my down
Oh
