hey cute
I hit the line fair you're not famous
you can't get us in there
I thought you take so long
all right guys so we are outside of the
ovo revenge summer 16 pop-up shop mike
is in town was good family he's good
though
I heard we have beef all kinds of beef
but you still let me cut in line with
you so let's go no it's cuz he gave me
the jersey that's why everyone he gave
me the jersey good good I still have my
fam we're one week away bro literally
one week away from from us taking the
championship back to the west coast
everyone that says we're gonna lose yeah
I'm not gonna sit here and defend us
we're just gonna let alright maybe you
know we might lose but we ain't getting
blown out I got some shots from the gym
though like yeah we're gonna be hooping
this week you guys just sit on the bench
I'm just gonna put her focus then I'm
taking every oh if you're on the court
just pass the ball to me I take the shot
Kobe yeah o'clock weeknights in your
Kobe the air balls inside I told you
that finish
alright guys so just left the ovo shop
and I spent about three hundred ninety
dollars which is not bad no tax out out
to the ovo I got this sick ass Jersey
I'll show you guys the stuff later by
the way this guy right here this is
Mike's homies it was so all of a sudden
visit in California these two guys but
anyway we're gonna go get some grub now
because we're hungry and then I'm gonna
go check out a few apartments to today
because you know you gotta have that
move moving in together from all the big
news we're moving in together
yeah three bedroom three bedroom ten
bedroom apartment anybody else want to
live comment down below
heading back to the ovo store because
we're some PI piece
two biggest high priests on YouTube
together on the drag this is the Kanye
still me but we're at the Drake puppet
anyway yeah man yeah we're going back
because there's a white jersey baseball
jersey and all they got it and mike is
trying to get him all the time yeah me
get it to jeremiah jason everyone shout
out Nick he's still in there but it's
cool I love you bro I love you man
thanks
yeah shout-out to my nephew brian schatz
a Kevin and
chancel ever knows who I have heading
back to the crib now for get tired of
walking biking them going to the Drake
concert tonight so they're gonna have
fun I'm staying in man I got a lot of
things to do I'm gonna I need to get rid
of a lot of old clothes that are just
sitting in my room so I'm gonna be doing
that and I've got some packages to open
hopefully I got a really important
package waiting for me at my door
hopefully nobody took it like my frickin
fragments but yeah and then I also
checked out this apartment over here but
they're really rude to me at the leasing
office so I just left because I got
nevermind
so I've got some bad news man
the other day fire kicks was here you
know he's been watching my diet recently
and he told me actually he didn't even
tell me
this fool literally took one of my
easiest without telling me kind of as
like bait in case I don't keep my diet
basically he's holding them hostage and
I don't know what he's gonna die don't
know what he plans to do with them this
is fun and games but those are really
expensive sneakers so I'm like low-key
pissed off but then I I know he's not
gonna do anything dumb like really
extreme to them I should be keeping my
diet I had one cheat day I had a pizza
okay I'll confess that but that is no
reason for you to jack my freaking ez is
missing from right there where is it at
where's my freaking easy it is the gray
750s all my other ones are here those
are the only ones that are missing I
actually told him last night like you're
Alma come over today and picked him up
he didn't tell me if I could come on up
but he stopped responding to me but
hopefully I'm gonna call him in a little
bit I'm gonna see if I can go swing by
today anyway thank you guys for watching
today's vlog if you guys did make sure
you guys hit the thumbs up I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another video I'm
sorry this one was super short and I'm
out of here
peace
