what's going on guys so we are at Costa
Mesa South Coast Plaza Mall we're doing
some more shopping today yesterday we
didn't get to finish our shop in the
whole remake over of my wardrobe well
I'd say I bought my pants yesterday
which I need to show you guys but I'll
show you the ones I'm wearing today so
these are one of the pants that actually
bought yesterday that I really like
getting like jogger but so they stretch
at the waist which is really comfortable
but they don't get tight at the bottom
they have a zipper at the bottom so it's
got that zip leave it a little open kind
of like that fear of God style I like
them a lot so yeah if you're looking for
some dope pants check out packed Sun up
dope affordable pants and candy what is
that
this is what movies is from it's a
Disney movie yeah I can't figure out
what Disney movie what's the name of
this movie
comment down below
okay I know this one this one is Dori
guys from Finding Nemo are these condoms
like tear a original to be deserve
eternal this looks like a woman's easy
this could be the next woman's easy
honestly if it's go
so recovering from yesterday's Drake
concert it was absolutely lit and I'm
definitely going to another show if not
three of them ten out of ten ten out of
ten I said it was a six six six
no it was really like a 10-6 upside down
tonight now it was a night I know we're
currently grabbing some food right now
chillin on these couches yeah man so
really beautiful day outside I'm really
liking my hair cut into my beard so it's
been a very very productive shopping day
I bought some dope-ass jackets from Zara
some stuff from adidas which I can't
tell you guys about yet and um I don't
know what I'm gonna tell them about that
information but the stuff I bought from
adidas I tell them anything
here at whole all guys that was amazing
guys even though I only had about three
or four yeah I didn't need that much but
it was so good
came up that's all me alright guys as
promised I'm gonna show you guys all the
stuff I bought over the last two days
testing don't you think but the big
question the big everybody's talking
about every youtuber has made everybody
on YouTube has been talking about this
and that is the fact that YouTube is
unmonitored creators videos what that
means is YouTube can choose whether or
not you get paid for that video so the
way YouTube is get paid off you see is
the ads that are placed on their videos
and I'll keep this brief in short
because if you really want to know how
it works you can google it but basically
YouTube is gonna start making videos on
monetizable depending on the content so
if you have any type of sexual content
bad words talking about war anything
inappropriate violence somebody getting
hurt basically anything like that so
there's anything like that in your
videos on YouTube YouTube have it can
pop like can reject you getting paid for
that will it affect me will it affect me
obviously I'm one of these people who
gets paid through YouTube this is my
living you know I'm fortunate enough to
be able to do that I don't think it's
gonna affect me I really don't go
towards any of those subjects um I don't
really use the sex cells thing so I
don't really post pictures of girls half
naked on my thumbnails or I'll post a
pair of Yeezys but I won't post a pair
of half-naked girls come I do you know
say a few bad words here and there so
from now on starting this point I won't
be allowing any bad words in the vlogs
I'm gonna bleep them out so I can't say
dick mother
Oh Harris
so I'm gonna have to cut those out of
the vlogs yeah everything else is pretty
much it doesn't really relate to my
channel so a lot of people thought it
was to prevent like clickbait and
like that but it's really not it's just
to clean up the content that you see on
YouTube at the end of the day YouTube is
the new TV in my opinion so they are
trying to clean it up like TV like TV in
America is basically very very clean
like no bad words no nudity violence is
like very rare to see on there so
basically yes it's basically becoming
the official new TV YouTube is that
powerful but anyway I'm not gonna talk
about that anymore that's just giving
you guys an update on me and I probably
won't be affected by it hopefully not
and now let's go ahead and see these
clothes so basically I've been bragging
to you guys about the pants that I
bought yesterday so I'm gonna go ahead
and show you guys these pants I'm not
gonna spend too much time on them but
the first one are these faded biker
denim from PacSun as you guys can see
this is the PacSun brand stacked skinny
is the style very dope sand fit I like
this one I think they were on itself
like $39 at the time all their jeans
these are the pants that I've been
bragging about I wore the khaki ones
today this is the black version again
just like the fear of God I think um
honestly these are inspired by fear of
God but they are like jogger pants so
they get tight at the waist you don't
have to wear a belt
you can tie your jaw string they don't
sag too low and then at the bottom
instead of cuffing it has a zipper so
you can either zip it all the way down
zip it half a little bit down which I'm
probably gonna do is just about that
much or you can if you want on some
weird you can do it all the way
over there so these were pretty dope but
these ones aren't weren't on sale 50 for
95 each but honestly well worth it to me
they're super comfortable you guys are
probably already sick of the khaki ones
but you know the khaki ones I wore today
and these are my most expensive jeans I
ever bought they were like 100 $95 which
to some people might not be a lot but to
me for jeans that is a lot but these are
the G stars G Raw originals it's very
similar to that other biker one but
obviously this one's a little bit more
comfortable
and it's like a little bit of detail on
here not more this is like when I'm
going now or something like that I'm
gonna save these for those types of
occasions but yeah I got these from
Bloomingdale's and again the brand is
g-star so I really like the fit and
comfort on these I completely forgot to
even mention this but here's the pickups
from the summer 16 tour I got the views
hoodie as you guys can see it's got the
views with the eyeballs on the back it's
got the album tracklist
as you guys can see right yeah album
tracklist that one was 16 65 bucks I got
the revenge hoodie I do have this in a
long sleeve but I probably will wear the
hoodie more so I got the summer 16
revenge hoodie on the sleeve it says
looking for revenge and then I got the
baby blue long sleeve revenge tee this
color is a little bit out there but I
mean the options for t-shirts was not
that many so this one says summer 16 on
the sleeves revenge on the front nothing
on the back I might hit up the ovo
pop-up shop and I lay here tomorrow
because it's the last day but I don't
know yet okay and I'm super super
excited to show you guys these two
jackets literally this jacket is dovish
and it's from Zara but it's a navy blue
jacket it's very dark you can't see it
it looks blue but it's a navy blue
jacket navy blue with these two black
stripes this one was actually $100 but
the reason for that is because it's a
bomber jacket and it's reversible so on
the inside is a pitch black and outside
is a very dark navy blue too as you guys
can see very cool then I also got this
one from Zara too this one's a very dope
bomber jacket my bad and hopefully
YouTube doesn't take my video down from
me saying Ballmer but this is a bomber
jacket as you guys can see there is a
collar here and then there's the fur
collar collar so this one is actually
removable so you can take this off if
you don't want to have this for accent
but this one was actually a little bit
cheaper it's almost 89 bucks so about
$10 cheaper but the color on here is
just amazing as hell and I really enjoy
it okay guys so that's gonna end today's
vlog I hope you guys did enjoy thank you
guys for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another video man you guys
need to stay beautiful yeah man I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another video
have a great Friday
