we come shopping for me and then we
always end up in the women's section
somehow
this is the most interesting finning
room ever there's like pictures of
cigarettes on the wall cigarette buds
and cigarettes and then there's oh I get
it they show all the cigarettes and then
they show what happens to you are you
saying it says fashion
laser smoking was so bad that he died no
the essence in his message of the
cigarettes his little subliminal
subliminal alright guys so I did buy
those pants from bloomingdales right
Bloomingdale's there were 200 bucks and
then I went to pack Sun and Paxton's
where I usually bought my pants and I
couldn't help it I bought three more
pants from PacSun that came out to 200
bucks so I got four pairs of pants I
think two of them are denim two of them
are like regular pants which are kind of
like a little more comfortable but I
really needed it because I've been like
I said I've been wearing the same pants
for the past years
you will be surprised how many people
asked me what kind of pants I wear
alright guys time for a power target
trip because we need to get some
essentials before we go back to the crib
to get ready for the Drake concert you
fell ill earlier I need to really do a
lot of target shopping because I haven't
gone shopping for like essentials and
all that stuff in a minute so there's a
lot of stuff I need so we got to be out
of here in like 10 minutes 10 demonic a
me 10 to 15 minutes yeah what's going on
guys so I just got the Staples Center we
are little late the show is started but
I think it's the opening act so Drake
starts in about like an hour or two chat
up the SeatGeek for bringing us over
here and man we gonna have a good time
and I've been waiting like literally
like four months for this damn thing so
it's going to be pretty dope man oh you
set up at something shout out cry so why
don't give YouTube video thing about
appreciate you go
what's up app was the true
Oh me all right all right guys you guys
have been tweeting both of us for so
long now but we finally together we're
here a cat we're planning a little
something too you can't know what we're
planning this week or so we're going to
be filming some stuff so stay tuned
alright guys so I just went and bought a
whole bunch of merch
you know me guys I bought two hoodies
and a shirt and they have one shirt that
I wanted but I still got some good ones
anyway Matt is crazy there's hella
youtubers here I said what's up - Tim de
la ghetto
who's that guys
yeah yeah
we thought that
Oh Drake future some interference carry
all of the one other side of family
basically what happened was we our first
row
don't sit down
just keep that energy just like that
somebody picked up a drink on me please
why you gotta fight with it
a sure way up here
like I didn't ride the bus like nine
hours to just stand up here
get your shoes together second half
money to CLA go crazy for real I know
child attended from the Navy
talking with our later pray foot
you
I'll tell everyone this year
I appreciate you man
so you get everyone shout out to you
young man without yo and I was over the
phone lights and everybody with Rivera
shows to the cheesecakes on and
everybody in the back back back I can't
even see over whether you would afford
one six shows you by better section make
some noise for yourself
and shout out to you for having every
single Sam - I appreciate you to let you
know I got it in the tray this was a
summer 16 chill if you coming back here
to organize I see you I'm sure I'll see
you out of City I love you thank you for
your own demo same
I've been to a lot of Drake shows these
are the closest I ever sat when it was a
dope-ass experience I loved it it was
honestly crazy dude I can't even hear on
my hair so I'm probably talking out loud
Wow guys Wow I'm back home and honestly
Snapple Trey killed it tonight I got to
give a huge shout out to see deep man
psyche thank you guys for taking us
thank you for giving us front-row what
an opportunity to watch Drake live front
row it was crazy man Drake still has two
more shows in Los Angeles and then three
more in Inglewood so see geek you feel
me if you're feeling generous you know
you know bring they bring the kid out to
another Drake show I'm down for it but
uh yeah man shoutout to seat geek
appreciate it guys if you don't know
what seat gig is it is the best place to
buy you're sporting
concerts all types of events that
require tickets to be purchased you go
to see geek downloading for the app is
in the description box down below
downloaded you get great values and it's
just it gives every ticket its own grade
so you know you getting a good good
ticket for a good price you know I'm
saying and on top of that man you can
put my promo code get yourself a little
discount a redemption code it's my name
Kai so do that I got hella energy in me
although I need to sleep because
tomorrow I got a long day and I gotta
edit this vlog so I appreciate you guys
watching I appreciate every single one
of you guys subscribing I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog and I'm
out of here
