now I'm just going dude it's like taking
fire
what's the price I just hope I got in
its proper size gotta trust you gotta
also and she got some ties that's the
plus her heart is rose gold
let's see hypnotized by the bus it's the
lost cause cause and effect of my read
lady I gotta put my mind in check and
keep my sanity sometimes I sit back and
reflect on all my fantasy sometimes I
want a little respect another casualty
or victim to the game you can't blame me
though cuz I got more skills in any one
nurse on the way he always keep it a
hundred like a football field don't need
no second interviews is just that real
what's going on everybody another
beautiful day in Los Angeles I'm out
here with fire cakes we got to ship some
shoes right now so we're going to FedEx
I got a ship Yama some sneakers as well
as some other stuff that I'm gonna gift
him I don't want to show you guys is I
don't know I don't think that he knows
and I'm sending him so I'm gonna
surprise him
there's like two pairs of sneakers in
here that I just had sitting around and
we're the same shoe size so at least one
of my friends is the same shoe size
shots fired at so I cuz he's shipping me
something else this week so I'm gonna be
unboxing something from him to on crew
TV later this week but yeah man let's
have a great day together
so much welcome back man welcome back
wait why am i singing welcome back hello
to me tag me on instagram you take a
selfie with him
Oh in Chicago there's so many people
asking about you and Emma and they're
like wait we saw they were in Chicago
where are they and I was like oh they
last only here for the day we had a
layover and Chicago into West Virginia
anyway guys what causes back where a
FedEx about to ship this package and I
came up to me and he was like why do you
have beef with guys like what are you
talking about and he was like you don't
talk to him anymore I was like how do
you know I don't talk to him anymore and
he goes just tell me what's going on I
was like who are you
I want people thinking I agree everybody
on the tour has beef ass freaking
swagger did he texted me like two days
before his birthday is like it's a cool
fine invite Farouk like what you asking
me he's like oh I thought y'all have
beef even my own friends think I have
beef with my other friends all right
guys so we actually just look at the
first apartments for myself and so far
so good
you know what did you think I think it
was cool but yeah I think if we be
patient we could find better things so
apartment hunting is started I didn't
vlog in there just because I was like
you know I don't know I just was trying
to focus on I don't know
Oh cause and effect of my reality I
gotta put my mind in check and keep my
okay so we are at my favorite restaurant
at the Grove about to grab some shrimp
salad admits not eating is that about
that life but it's time to grow super
excited guys tomorrow is the Drake
concert shout out to see geek for
sending the kid of course you already
know what it is let's just say who's
going with me
who's my guest is it gonna be you fat
find out tomorrow
okay so four months now I've met has
been trying to convince me not to be it
by a freaking I ate as my next car and
he keeps telling me to get a Tesla so we
were at Nordstrom where they have a
freaking Tesla chillin here with the
freaking Suez 2/3 or this is crazy
this is roomy obviously I wouldn't get
this one because this is like a soccer
mom Tesla but look at the freaking fun
it's kind of okay we got to move over
here how do you make that doorknob cover
push it oh there we go
okay so there's a freakin working
browser in here okay so more tour no we
don't want to do the tour no friends is
hectic toy I keep watching my youtube
channel in a freaking Tesla okay my
freaking youtube channel came back in
the car G I'm watching my youtube yeah
alright guys so that freakin Tesla was
sick but like I was telling fart cakes
it's like it doesn't have that you can't
spell in a Tesla you know what I'm
saying I feel like if you may put a kit
to it and just like everything around it
it's a way better car the inside was
sick at the full panorama freaking
panorama a panoramic of panoramic
sunroof
it was insane man being inside of it is
dope it has auto pilot and all that
stuff too but the i8 is like if you know
I bet I made it my goal you know so
let's just say Paul is life
okay this is my beard this is my beard
puffed-up not flatten down like you see
it every day and I pooped it up just so
you guys can see how long it's kind of
been like I'm gonna miss this thing it's
been a month and a half I haven't been
growing it out for too long I'm just a
hairy ass mother from time you guys see
me and next scene I'll be gone was
supposed to cut ah there we go
what y'all think cleaner I've wanted to
make this week's vlogs really really
good but unfortunately I've been
spending a lot of time at home cleaning
up and I've haven't had this opportunity
in a minute because like obviously we
had a lot of traveling over the last few
weeks over the last few months actually
so I'm in LA for the next two weeks I
think I told you guys the other day so
I'm literally trying to get all this
cleaning done and then like apartment
hunting and trying to get ready for this
next chapter the next chapter to me
starts on September 20th which is the
one-year anniversary of crude cakes I
feel like that day really was the start
of a brand new chapter and I don't know
why it just took me like ten seconds to
say that last line but every year in
September now I need to make a change in
my life for the good if you want to make
your dreams come true you always have to
aim towards the sky man you gotta aim
towards going up you gotta aim towards
always improving and always doing bigger
and better things you know I'm saying so
I'm excited man I'm super excited and
I'm I'm more excited to be able to share
with you guys so thank you guys for all
the people who have been sticking with
me over the past few years who never
gave up on me and always just continued
to support me thank you guys and for
everybody who's new to this journey
thank you guys man I appreciate every
single one of you guys I can't say it
enough man thank you so yeah man
probably gonna end the vlog here even
though it's not that long again I'm just
gonna be taking care of little things
here and there finishing up cleaning and
stuff like that I don't know why I
showed you guys the lamp but I'll see
you guys tomorrow and
I see better days open my eyes trying to
see better days
damn I'm who do the gang we trying to
make better place we was one at the
bottom
that's what
