follow guys really having a bad day like
the negative energy is that it all just
give me the time of the day I will be
right on my way unfortunately you know
sometimes I think we can all relate
actually it's a really uh it's a sticky
situation but you know we've all been
caught in a lie before you know let's
all admit it we all have lied maybe some
of us don't do it anymore but some of us
you know we gotta fake it till we make
it a few days ago actually posted a
picture on my Instagram wearing a pair
of sneakers and a few of the comments
you know they caught me they called me
out for wearing fakes they said I was
wearing fake Royals they said I was
wearing replica Royals they're saying
all those are fake they must be fake why
does it have white stitching I'm talking
about these right here these Royal Air
Jordan ones these are people are saying
they're fake and you know you guys got
me you guys got me mad um I think the
dead giveaway was that one of the shoes
has black stitching and then the other
shoe has a white stitching so as you
guys can see I'm exposed you got me I I
didn't know why I thought I can get away
with it like this is really the hardest
thing I've ever had to do but
I gotta let you guys know that these are
not fake man these are not fake a lot of
people commented on my picture saying
these were fake guys these are not fake
these are the lands mountains this is
one pair of the lands mountains this is
the black pair that's why it has the
black stitching on it and then this is
the white pair right here so that's why
it has the white stitching on it they
come with one red shoe and one blue shoe
and when you first bought these shoes
they were covered in all white like
removable paint so what I decided to do
which a lot of people have done is I
took the paint off with acetone to
expose the under colors so as you guys
can see I have two pairs that look very
similar but here's the thing that a lot
of people do with this sneaker the left
shoe on this pair the black pair is red
and then the red shoe on the white pair
which is the left foot is red so what
you can do is you can switch them you
have yourself a pair of Royals and you
have yourself a pair of breads now
obviously it's not genuinely a pair of
bread and a pair of Royals but to me
this is dope as hell because to a
sneaker head this is a dope crazy-ass
concept if you're a real sneaker head
and you look at his feet you'd be like
those our breads no wait damn he's
rocking two pairs of Lance Mountains you
know what I'm saying so this to me is a
dope-ass conversation starter for any
sneaker head for all the people that
said my Royals will fake no they are not
fake I don't rock fake sneakers to my
knowledge I don't rock fake sneakers I'm
ninety nine point 100 percent sure that
all my sneakers are 100% authentic and
if I'm ever wrong call me out on it and
I will admit that you're right I'm not
gonna sit here to hide it because if I
for some reason get fooled and I rock a
pair for Daisy sneakers I'll admit it
man but I would never be trying to hide
anything from anybody or try to pull a
fast one or post it on the ground
knowing that they're fake you know what
I'm saying yeah again these sneakers are
the lands mountains they're not fake
royals but yeah I just wanted to start
the vlog with a kind of like a little
dramatic
fake sneaker episode of
way back james on twitter a gentle
either way but i don't know all the
words yet but I'm getting there man
Travis Scott new album is amazing when
it first dropped I honestly didn't even
like try to like go listen to it on
Apple music or anything but in a lot of
people a lot of you guys started
treating me like what do you think about
it what do you think about it what do
you think about it so the other day when
I was about to get on my flight to go to
West Virginia I downloaded it to my
Apple music the first three songs amazed
me and then the rest of the album blew
my mind it is honestly a very good album
if you haven't heard the album make sure
you guys give it a listen or give it a
chance because it is really good and it
deserves a lot of streams and plays or
whatever the hell they count the success
of an album of these days but anyway uh
yeah man that is that and guys I'm going
to the freakin Drake concert on
Wednesday I haven't even talked about
this man Drake the freaking summer 16
tours coming to LA he has three shows
and I'm going to the first Channel show
on Wednesday and then he has three more
shows at the end of the month at the eat
in Inglewood at the Forum so basically
he has six shows in Los Angeles which is
freaking insane so I'm gonna try to go
to at least two or three of them cuz I'm
just like hella extra and I want to go
to all of them but I'm not gonna go to
all of them because that's just a waste
of money but I'm going to the the only
one that I have tickets for is Wednesday
and I've got pretty good seats so it
should be an interesting vlog Wednesday
but who am I taking with me that is the
real question right yeah anyway yeah
let's go get a haircut I can't believe
I'm gonna say this but I actually miss
driving in Los Angeles
at night because there's no traffic oh
he's about it I am about it
i William about it just give me the time
of the day I won't be late on my way I'm
running with triggers a spray mighty
fluffy gonna stay you serving you riding
away but you know I said to pace a
little hard to put on birthday public
comfortable once they're on him not
about it alright guys so we are at the
gym right now it is currently almost
like 1 a.m. it's honestly almost 1 a.m.
and we're in here doing work man get
ready for September 17 sneaker con
Atlanta the hoops classic your guys
already know I don't need to promote it
anymore but I still AM so let's play
some basketball
they got me I'm back to my ways cuz they
don't have what it takes
got I'm a weaker than the game we ain't
got no time
and Sarayu show me the way I switch it
up and turn the page I made it I don't
need a deal this is that that you
feel
I'm starting I don't need a smoke and I
ain't stopping no pills created the
floor that you cried you wanna bite it
as a taste I'm tellin you're gonna be
hey this ain't the time or the place not
lucky I'm black please help me live up
to the price I just got back in Barbados
shout out to some rocket riding for
giving me new motivation I gave it some
time but now nothing can stop me I'm
giving you lessons like mr. Miyagi don't
get aggressive cuz I'm from Karachi I'm
making this music like I'm Liberace I'm
reppin yourself in the picture were like
yeah I'm good I've been working through
it it took some time I was working
through it alright guys so I'm super
dead right now
high kick Scott is doing this drill
right now my head looks super small coz
my hairs all wet but we're doing this
drill right now hold on
hey go
so basically we need to take five shots
every shot you miss you have to run a
suicide so I'm it just missed a shot
right there that means estimates here's
to do a suicide I went twice already
Hoffman is going on the second turn
right now so a little good conditioning
drill also good one a good drill for
like in-game shots when you get passed
off the ball with a bad pass you know so
yeah man like I'm praying when I'm
making music like mom watches on my
charge II uh I guess I'm back home great
hoop session great workout I guess I can
give you guys a quick little review on
court review of the Katy nines which
have been so far very good very
comfortable I'm going to keep it quick
these things are very comfortable it
looks like I have a lizard on my
shoulder these things are very
comfortable I like playing with lunar
insoles so I'm a really big fan of the
Kobe eight that is like the best
basketball shoe I've ever played in but
for being a non lunar shoe this is a
really a really comfortable shoe it
feels really great on feet this upper
feels really comfortable I love when
shoes feel like they're socks it really
goes straight to your foot so overall
I'll probably give these a eight eight
and a half out of ten and Nike did a
really good job with the KD for the
first time in a long time it's been
since the Katy for since I've liked the
Katy so anyway it's 4 a.m. so I'm gonna
go to sleep and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog so I'm out of
here guys take it easy I'm out just give
me the time of the day I won't be late
on my way
I'm running with triggers a spray ladies
love me go to stay you serving you out
in a way but you know I said to play
you
