about everybody so today's game plan is
currently that it's currently 12:20 p.m.
and we're checking out of the hotel here
in West Virginia the Mardi Gras hotel
we're gonna go to the Starbucks because
I need to upload because I was uploading
yesterday's vlog and the Wi-Fi literally
cut off in the middle of the night so we
didn't upload when I woke up and I
didn't have enough time to upload when I
woke up because I have to check out so
we're gonna go to Starbucks and then
we're gonna be going to the first-ever
sneaker store that is opening here in
West Virginia called Rock one stop one
so we're gonna be checking that out and
then we actually leave tonight so a
traveling day but we'll still make it a
good eventful day so yeah
so the Starbucks that we got dropped off
to is inside the mall so we kind of look
weird because who goes to the mall with
luggage even though the Starbucks has
its own Wi-Fi right here it's still kind
of slow but it's way way faster than the
hotel it's actually working in the
meantime while it uploads I'm working on
the flyer for the crew cake scavenger
hunt and I came up with this
the writing is a little hard to see but
I think it works last few hours in West
Virginia this place was nice but I
honestly cannot wait to be back in Los
Angeles hi kids
alright guys so shout out to this guy
he's the first person to ask for a
shout-out so we gonna burn Cavill and
Tyler couldn't make it today all of a
sudden can't make it alright guys so we
are at the rock want you wanna be on
camera fell you just watched my video
for the first time yesterday right what
did you think what was your opinion on
my video and now obviously it looks
super empty that is actually the grand
opening so basically anybody that comes
in here they're trying to buy sneakers
they sell sneakers buy sneakers consign
sneakers so it's kind of like in the
process of building up their stock and
things like that so this is kind of like
where are all sneaker stores start with
a really small inventory like this like
they're shoot there's a lot of shoes
that just spread out throughout the
whole store so I've actually seen this
process a lot when it comes to brand new
sneaker stores being open so you guys
always just see like when I go to
sneaker stores and those are ones that
have been open for about a year or so
and you get to see everything they have
so it's pretty cool to see the beginning
process of it they got the new breads
here in a youth size 7 first of all the
lady had champs they had one of these on
display and I walked in there when we
were at the mall I was like yo can I
what size do you have in youth and she
said oh we don't have anymore on in
youth I said there's one on display and
then she said oh that must be an
employee's sneaker why would you put a
pick an employee sneaker on display I
got hella mad but anyway size 7 Allah I
just texted me now if she wants it let's
see if she likes this might give us a
rundown of what's goin on here
these are called the bangs then all the
fries med what are these called pin
freakin turquoise teal can I just say I
am messing with these they're called the
cannons I almost forgot the name of
these shoes I think these are third
teams I don't know
these are sixes I believe maybe they're
sixes you got 11 lows right there we got
some 20 22 23
you got some threes right here man
finally some Kobe that I like you know
be careful you might hurt yourself
got the 31 that's just Jordan 31 I think
so man got the cold coins got some
mobilize cold frames long coin
got some metallics shout out to slim
this first shoe got the the awkward
loose you know he's got a lot of Jordans
in here
the classics the masterpieces these are
the Jordan of the old tents tents
these are tents sit ovo tents not
tending I remember though this is the
Harris collection right here these two
right here how's the Harris's goat
cheese what are these all right Black
History Month Oh The Fresh Prince of Bel
Air's rebellious family it's like ugly
sweater or something I don't even know
the name of those yeah I'm surprised I
know speed of the cool breeze
gotta get the man jump man nice to meet
you nice to meet you too man I know I've
seen you at a few sneaker cons but we
never got to actually talk man yeah your
lines are just out the door man these
the fans are crazy man that's a good
thing yeah man I appreciate generations
on your success Thank You Man appreciate
you yes of course and put it on there
boy yeah every time I score a bucket I'm
gonna look at you yeah we got a point
entry
so we got um thanks to me so we got that
connecting flight into Charlotte so I'm
gonna change into some sweatpants
because try to be comfy
guys our airport has a freaking Archy
what the hell like you literally look
this is a freaking there's an arcade and
then there's a freaking keymaster let's
just say oh this is not a keymaster shut
out the West Virginia you lost your
boarding pass fired chicks get stuck on
airplane clickbait alert boarding pass
lost
where's his boarding pass then is this
his boarding pass
no well fire King's fire his boarding
pass
did you find it dead dead he found it he
got his boarding pass
will he make his flight dead then time
is time time is winding down
Romar thank you doctor private jet FEHB
make it a fake it's human you gotta get
one for me too
all I do is win no matter what
yeah okay good hold on
you know I'm saying like I just I paid
for everyone I let them hop on my
private jet with me you know I'm saying
it's nothing HC
does anybody know why Charlotte Airport
has rocking chairs everywhere guys
nature's a freakin here about California
Pizza Kitchen here to control myself
it's time to board I don't know how but
vitex is already on the plane he big
shame he ditched me they ask you how are
you just going to say that you're fine
you're not really fine but you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand three-hour flight three
and a half hour flight to Charlotte
I mean to LA leaving Charlotte I've got
a new battery so hopefully the mic is
good yeah I'm gonna check it out right
now if not then tough times fans of
times but let's just say Los Angeles
back in back on the basketball gym grind
if somebody commented on my last vlog
thing expose off Mary keeps throwing up
gang signs reporting live from the
bathroom
honestly want to kiss the ground fellows
