what's going on everybody
so day one officially in West Virginia
we are here at the sneaker event right
now many things right a profound bro
what's up my man what's a good all of
sudden her we you know cut them ovios on
you know you know I gotta check my email
to see if I wonder breads off Nike so
I'm gonna check my email right now it's
a prank fam I got the 31:31 SAR fire I
like the bad ones when they found out
you are reseller they rejected you my
mind you change my life new accounts
rejected for being a reseller o fire
kicks exposed in the me on Instagram
bonesaw home homes that what holy moly
oh yeah he told me only rocks bulb
alright guys I didn't get the red ones
off Nike fire kicks is buying other
people's shoes for hella cheap and then
he brings it to our table and he tries
to sell it for double the price
hahaha resellers a couple of goofy they
slide my man right here he has a $50 bet
to be in the vlogs
hey what's up I want to give a shout out
to Austin Crabtree
my mom bringing me
hey Charlotte Oh Michael Mojave and all
the way all the sudden family sounds my
friends in pulmonology or dark breath
shout-out to f mighty couldn't make it
today but now we love you out here
Johnson West Virginia all of a sudden
all of a sudden found yo what's up shout
out here a shout fruitcakes we in here
what happened yeah yeah Lee rocks out
the H down I'm the marshal food alright
guys so things have finally settled down
here it's about an hour left of the
convention so we're just hanging out
chilling you know a few people are still
coming in saying what's up but basically
this guy right here is freaking
torturing me because look from that
these people want the pizza for us and I
kinda need it so I think okay you know
what I'll get you guys bought it already
I felt bad but it's all good you know
what I'm saying this motivation you know
I'm saying we don't work hard September
17 we're gonna be ready
that's the next big thing by the way so
September 17th Atlanta sneaker con we
will be there man we will be playing
basketball at the hoops classic get out
to Canyon lude yeah that's it okay
yes I just did with Casey toads when he
passes through his editing okay so
basically I'm having really bad audio
problems with the new mic that I got I
didn't notice this until I started
editing but audio was only coming from
one of my laptop speakers all he was
only coming out of this speaker and not
this one if you have headphones in and
audios only coming out of one year I got
him I don't know what's going on with
this maybe you have to change the
battery or something but yeah anyway
before we start up your vlog back up
this next scene one of the homies with
that was at the sneaker event he had
told another guy that he was going to
get a pair of shoes off of him but he
said he needs him to wait so he made him
wait three hours and then some other guy
came and said hey do you want these
sneakers so then the kid was deciding
between which you you wanted but he want
to get the twelves that he just found or
did he want to get the 14s that he made
the guy wait for three hours to get so
let's see what happens
stop it anybody tell me what to buy this
one at this : we've got this off yeah
but these are 180 these are 117 early
start but these have been born pick the
so don't gotten good it's so dirty
okay so mean um and finally found some
time to go check out some of the boots
right now and I'm not sure what's going
on here so we got these gold-plated 25
care laces you know you feel me
something light we got D what you do
Finn I don't know it came the yo you
glued that stuff
Oh
so we got the California roll that's a
shrimp and chicken no rice okay
it was good but on me I UCLA stole the
moon oh nice
thank you he's letting me get dessert
and the reason for that is because we're
gonna work out after so we going hard
today just no family I'll trade you one
strawberry or mango I agree but you
can't have the whipped cream regardless
okay today is actually the one-year
anniversary that mag park opened in
Burbank so I unfortunately I'm not there
they're having a block party right now
but I want to send my love to the Mack
Park family wish I was there this piece
of mochi so he's having an orgy vector
this piece of mochi is for you
paisius husband you guys miss me alright
guys so currently in the hotel room this
is our last night in West Virginia it
was a very interesting stay here there
was not much to do still had a good time
man I'm it's currently outside somewhere
trying to find good internet because our
room internet literally sucks ass it
took like eight hours I think yesterday
to upload my vlog I just want to take a
moment to close out the vlog and give
you some updates obviously I've been
telling you guys about sneaker con
Atlanta on September 17 so we're
basically exactly two weeks away and I
couldn't be more excited man I honestly
think this is going to be one of the
biggest sneaker cons were doing
something that hasn't been done before
some of the shoe tubers you know they
think they're gonna win easy but I'm
gonna tell you man we're gonna surprise
a lot of people and they will see that
on September 17 but I'm gonna let my
game do the talking
you know people don't think I can hoop
obviously I don't hoop on a regular
basis but I mean I used to be a young
baller you know I'm saying so we'll just
see let's just say it might be lights
out in Atlanta sneaker con yeah man
anyway besides the game I will have
exclusive merge just for Atlanta sneaker
cause I'm not gonna tell you guys
exactly what I'm releasing at CinemaCon
Atlanta but I will tell you there is
some camo in it so that's all I'm gonna
tell you guys but I'm gonna be releasing
releasing an exclusive t-shirt and I'm
going to be releasing a hat at sneaker
Con Atlanta I like to make my products
exclusive to just the certain events so
that people in that city can be like yo
this was from Atlanta sneaker con you
know what I'm saying this this is not
able you're not able to get this
anywhere but Atlanta sneaker consul for
all my Atlanta people I will have you
guys a special piece of merch that you
guys can pick up and I'll probably show
images of that next week because I don't
even have a sample yet I just saw a
picture of the sample the Hat is pretty
dope actually show you guys the Hat
here's the Hat and I'm gonna show you
guys just the front because there is
some designs to the back of it but I
kind of want to leave that as a surprise
but
this is the front of the hat it's super
simple it is a dad hat which means it's
like a baseball cap those very popular
ones so it is super simple as you guys
can see I feel like a high beast hats
right there super sick super dope again
there is a back design to it but I'm not
going to show you guys that you guys are
gonna have to wait until sneaker con
Atlanta to see what it looks like but
this hat right here is obviously
inspired by that black and red t-shirt
yeah I'm super excited to get that hat
because obviously I'm going to be
rocking it all the time so yeah other
than that that is the next event for
myself and then September 24th is the
one-year anniversary of crew kicks the
scavenger hunt that I'm holding so again
I want to give you guys one more detail
about that event to make this thing a
little bit more different and to give
you guys an opportunity to be a part of
something amazing this is what I'm gonna
do now I need everybody to really listen
up to this I know I've been talking and
rambling on for about a couple minutes
here but basically if you're in Los
Angeles and you do plan to come to the
scavenger hunt this is a great
opportunity because when I go to certain
events I see a lot of people come up to
me and they have a camera on them and
they're like hey I'm trying to be a
vlogger like you can you say what's up
to my vlog and I love that man I'd love
to see other people you know sharing
their life on the Internet what I
decided to do is everybody at the
scavenger hunt who is a vlogger or maybe
just wants to be part of something
special can vlog their experience going
around Los Angeles trying to complete
the scavenger hunt at the end of the
scavenger hunt whether you win or
whether you lose I'm gonna take
everyone's footage that same day put it
on my hard drive and then the next day
in the vlog I'm gonna make the vlog a
whole like mini movie with my point of
view the scavenger hunt people's point
of view and just mesh it up together and
make a crazy video so that's like an
idea that I really wanted to do and I
really wasn't going to share this
information with anybody until the like
a couple days before the scavenger hunt
but it's better for me to tell you guys
now so that the people that do want to
do this are really prepared and they
bring their vlog camera so again if you
are a vlogger in Los Angeles and you
plan to take part in scavenger hunt
all your experience the whole day of
going to every stop getting all the all
the things checked off with your
checklist and from start to finish and
then give me the footage at the end and
then I will put what not the whole thing
obviously I'm just going to put chunks
of everybody's and combined it together
and I will obviously link everybody's
YouTube channel who does it and I will
obviously right everybody's YouTube
channel on the corner of the screen when
their footage is shown because again I'm
all about giving everybody opportunities
and I'm all about you know you know
spreading the love and just giving other
people my platform to share their
creativity and make sure their
experience so yeah man I'm super excited
for that and I think this is what's
going to separate this event from any
other event I've done is because you get
to get the people's point of view and
you get to get my point of view on an
amazing event and if this event is
successful then there's a chance that we
will take it to other cities around the
world
and we'll see what happens man we will
see it happens man but it's going to be
really fun and that's it that's it for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
give me a big thumbs up if you did enjoy
and again tomorrow is the last day we
are here in West Virginia and we'll see
you guys tomorrow man I'm out of here
pieces
so
