is that again
what's going on guys so it is currently
Thursday growl here at LAX again another
day another flight TM trademark
we're out here about the board this
flight to New York City and I was like
you know what I've been traveling too
much I gotta take care of myself so your
boy upgraded to the Jet Blue mint which
is like if you guys watch KC's video he
did the upgrade video but I'm not gonna
make a whole like like video about it
I'm just literally just doing it for my
own personal benefit of just sleeping
and resting and being comfortable for
six hours on this flight or five hours
but anyway New York City sneaker calling
I'm not gonna waste too much time at the
airport let's board this flight right
now it's gonna be a really crazy weekend
so got anything to say all right let's
see if this seat is worth the price
upgrade there's about five six hundred
dollars upgrade this seat
trying to play your blue
all right guys we just touched down in
New York City over at JFK we're at JFK
all right we're at JFK right now we
already lost three hours because of the
time difference so first things first
we're gonna go to our hotel check-in and
then today is gonna be the only day
where I do mind like New York City
shopping I didn't want to do another New
York shopping going to Soho and you know
showing all the sneaker stores just like
everyone else has done in the past two
three sneaker con New York vlog life
thingies I'm gonna just do that today
for the most part I just need to go
settle into the hotel get things Rocking
and then yeah man we're here fam what's
your predictions for the hoops classic
who's classic I there has to be some
upsets in the first round and I'm taking
team 104 enough to the Omak Park damn
team 100 over team AG Park they don't
have B dot for day one so they can they
do have a chance
what about every other matchup I say
we're gonna win
I think kick genius will win I think
four-walled squads gonna win and then I
think the underdogs the team 100 is
gonna be Mac Park me if you're watching
this sorry but we feeling upset let's
just say we betting parlay no mocha
alright guys so we just got to New York
City finally men shout out to the
traffic that held us up for two hours it
is freaking cold but let's just say we
out here you know saying where do we go
now we don't have any plans but if it's
a place that beat the place yeah this
way I'm not a New Yorker but I know my
New York Street so freaking cold I have
my jacket this hair you ever get to the
hotel yeah you gotta settle in every day
I got so like I have to throw on the
face mask one time I can't take this
cold this bro I wasn't born for baby
Tony in London - yeah but it wasn't this
cold
I don't know what they got in the air or
beer dude you only come to New York
there's one spot that we always go to I
honestly don't even know what it's
called I think it's called like cravings
but it's a quieter ass pizza spot
surprise you know where it is not yeah I
know this block by heart
Thunder God hi
okay I got scared like halfway through
I've been on the subway but I haven't
been on in years because I've always
been against it I just feel like it's
scary but they convinced me to take the
subway today so I got your bag we go
I guess we're gonna take the subway now
but we got I didn't bring my supreme
MetroCard so you really get regular
Metro cards you're going to be basic Hey
shout out to my man Bret y'all come to
the secret corner was Wendy's why not
I'll get you tickets tweet me ah man we
are here with the New York cruise
at the W all right guys so we're on the
subway right now and as we were about to
get on we swiped our cards and Chris's
card didn't work go through I was like
you know what just hop the thing and he
hopped it and literally some guy walked
up to us and he pulled out his badge and
he said NYPD undercover and we were like
what and he said can I speak to you and
he follows a joke yeah it's crazy he
pulled him to the side and then they
asked him like hella questions and then
when we told him we're not from New York
then he's like okay you guys are good to
go but low-key camera man getting
arrested in New York it was scary bro
but yeah we're on the subway now it's
actually really crowded but well it's
like a 10 minute 10 minute drive 10
minute ride on the subway we are here
with New Yorkers not to be official
actually I feel like it's not as cold
over here cuz over there the buildings
are closer it's trapped I don't know
this thing else I think we go this way
sure fair no I'm not sure you look
familiar to you brah I mean I know a
Broadway alright let's go to Stadium
good let's here not too long ago but I
wanna see I don't even know what shoes
I'm wearing a sneaker con so hopefully
they have some fire here
for us ice can too
you know I really really want both of
these these are both require even though
these are probably gonna sit I don't
know actually if they're gonna say if I
really really want these one of my dream
shoes is here right now the McLemore six
BAM twenty thousand dollars from what
I've heard ten and a half or eleven is
the smaller size they made in that my
gladly have home but that's way too
expensive I can't pay that oh they have
it bro
I'm cashing out today I don't care
consolation prize for not being able to
pay 20,000 for the McLemore so I
actually bought these off of gold but
they got delivered today and obviously
I'm here so I don't have them the green
Gatorade sixes can you see if you have
those in a
yeah really feel like I want to go
shopping
where's Joe and you need them if you
guys don't know New York is one of is my
biggest audience if you go to my
analytics on my Instagram and on my
YouTube New York City is the most
popular out of like where my audience is
from so it's pretty dope they always
show love when we're out here so much
love so hopefully a lot of people come
to sneaker con and come watch just get
that W in the blue plastic you know the
drill
backpacks will be for sale private label
backpacks blaze in the area hoodie
collab will be available only at sneaker
Con and then it's done forever and yeah
now let's buy some stuff back how are
you
you do not write here that you always
step back so you gotta go like this
we can't JetBlue they broke my luggage
they demolished it I had to bust it open
to get it open and then I tweeted them
DM me and they're like oh please call
this number like I could have googled
that even though JetBlue like I upgraded
I told you guys how much I paid to
upgrade on top of the price that it was
already like about $3,400 of light they
told me to call a number and then I call
the number they said oh it's gonna take
10 days and we can only offer you $250
bro what is this hashtag boycott JetBlue
even though I have Jeff a little get
back home but anyway I have to buy a new
luggage man alright guy sent me on a
mission I better go mess with oh oh I'm
a huge fan
oh we got the Lancer can you can you
Nick can you like yeah on me yeah okay
like when Time Square was good shouts
everyone I love you bro can I give you a
hug bro oh my god bro little he's crazy
wait wait wait I'm so confused
wait what oh my god
I was I was like wow I know yeah
nice again would suffocate my outfit
this is nudist life recant no it's not
he's still messed with judo self-esteem
was number honestly like I have a huge
fan I watch is it colder here oh it's so
cold it's cooler London I never in never
been this cold bro it hurts it hurts me
my fingers man all right guys so we are
in Times Square right now you know I'm
saying this is the vibe you know I'm
saying you even when you hear it could
be midnight 1:00 a.m. with all these
lights you feel like it's broad daylight
you know I'm saying and one of my
favorite like one of my greatest
memories in life was actually right here
in Times Square right by great mode Good
Morning America over there
I had a viral video a few years ago and
Good Morning America reached out to me
and they they they flew me out to New
York City literally the same day that
they hit me up on my email and they said
we want to fly you out to New York to be
on The Good Morning America show I'll do
a flashback from that vlog right now all
right so here he goes this is one ball
to start good go
and go good
I hope just run back we'll have balls
over here and saying he'll come back
he'll do it again
and then yeah well we'll get I'll get
kids on the other side going wherever
Versalles right now we're doing the
outdoor they got the card set up right
there cameras right in the middle of
Times Square and I'm just getting my
dumps ready to get my junk face on and
we got the guys are gonna be Duncan with
me right here so we all set to go and
every time I come back to New York and I
go to that same exact spot I think about
that and that was such a motivating time
of my life and it was just crazy to get
that opportunity so shots at Good
Morning America for putting me on there
and yes I had easy Tucson you know
saying usually Tucson Good Morning
America yeah man we just out here living
life quick wrap-up to end the vlog we
are in New York City and I'm back in my
room now cuz I'm so freakin exhausted
how was it already one o'clock
I have already I mean I have no idea
what I'm saying and I have no idea how
it's one o'clock but it is one o'clock
and it's been a long very long day I'm
not gonna sit here and promote
everything going on you guys already
know sneaker Con this weekend the hoops
classic three-on-three tournament
private-label backpacks dream Kruk group
come protect shirts blazing crew hoodies
they all drop silicon New York there's
gonna be crazy the biggest sneaker
corner of the year is always New York
it's absolutely insane I want to show
you guys my pickups from Stadium good so
yeah we got the kairi's right here and
like I was telling you guys at Stadium
Goods hold on I gotta fix this like what
the Kyrie man this shoe is just
beautiful I really don't like that they
put what the Kyrie right there like we
know what it is we didn't we didn't need
you guys to tell us that this shoe is
phenomenal okay I love the Kyrie one the
fact that they did the Kyrie one bottom
right here with this little back I'm not
sure exactly what they were calling this
but like the diamond ridges or whatever
and they did it in denim they put denim
on a basketball shoe it's freaking sick
upper area right here is all from the
Kyrie 2 and then the front of the shoe
is the Kyrie 3 they just absolutely
killed it I wish there was a little bit
difference between the two shoes because
usually this shoe is different from this
shoe but I mean it's still a very dope
second pickup is BAM when I first saw
pictures of these I I needed to have
them I want to try to get these in every
single colorway I believe they're coming
out in four different colorways I love
the theme I love the concept this is
like a collector's item to me like there
are certain sneakers that you just buy
because they're dope shoes and then
there's certain shoes you buy because
it's just a dope item collector's item
like the story behind it modified Jordan
one box it's not the signature black and
red as you can see it's an orange theme
because Gatorades colors are orange
Packaging is a one be like Mike on the
inside and then when I found out that
it's that it comes with this is just
like it's like the cherry on top you
know I'm saying the Gatorade MJ towel
Jordan Brand if you are watching this
you guys killed it okay the Jordan 1
Gatorade in the orange colorway ah just
a beautiful shoe beautiful butter shoe
now this is obviously we got to go to
the shattered backboard comparison
leather on here is a 1 I don't think
this okay if a shattered backboards
considered a 10 this is a 9.5 it is a
9.5 I'm saying it now usually with
Jordan ones they'll give you that
shattered backboard leather they'll give
it to you right here they'll maybe give
it to you on the toe but then they'll
leave it out on certain parts of the
shoe for this shoe they gave you that
good leather throughout the whole shoe
you got the translucent midsole I know
it doesn't look translucent from this
angle but when I turn it down this way
you see that Gatorade you see that
Gatorade right there bruh oh my god now
obviously when you wear the shoe it's
gonna get a little bit dirty so you're
not gonna be able to see that too much
but fresh out the box
they look so sick with that Gatorade
logo on the bottom and and then you got
the Gatorade thunderbolt right there the
Gatorade Thunderbolt I will admit it
on this colorway it doesn't look good
because it's the same color as the rest
of the shoe but on the
bloop air it just pops just having that
little Thunderbolt right there pop so
yeah those are my two pickups for day
one out here in Steve York on I'm pretty
sure I'll be picking up some more
sneakers if you are new to this channel
for some reason and you haven't
subscribed I would really appreciate it
if you did subscribe and join the crew
we are giving away 10 pairs of brand-new
Easy's when we reach 1 million
subscribers so please help us reach one
of my subscribers and subscribe right
now I'll see you guys tomorrow a
thousand percent with the new video
because we out here in New York so
things just getting lit and lit
literally literally literally literally
literally yeah we out of here dream crew
I'm tired as hell and now I got to go
edit this vlog so
