over
you can award different shoes fan number
needed my airport she's maybe we can
make that the title of the video best
airport shoes Easy's flip-flops and
ultra boost can you agree mom but we got
to get you some ultra boost I know
that's what you that I'm not like that i
want to get adidas discount hit them up
to make today's vlog entertaining i
asked you guys to ask any questions on
my Twitter the first question is from
handle ya handle Lopez do you like
traveling for business the bus it gets
hectic but obviously it's a great
opportunity and it's fun and I love
seeing the world so I like it but let's
just say pretty soon we go only fly
first class there arey girag you are not
to say that name if Nike and Adidas
contacted you to make your own sneaker
who would you choose
I probably go with the Divas at the
moment they're killing the game what
about you yeah I've been indeed as many
beginning of time
like it that yeah try stealing all of
you to all of a sudden
Johnny under Spartan wage battle said
yes you plan to v2 against Harrison
LeBron are what current NBA player would
you pick as a team in
hurry up or both waiter like right now
and be away for hours and Bobby I want
to say stuff crazy but then LeBron with
this is only gonna do is roll my first
I'll take Paul George bumping about an
hour and a half into the final jewel
Ranger some better start back to a 640
someplace one here during that is known
as it for me but then is a double
mismatch in it with her cousin where ya
where is Jocelyn I said that probably
wrong too what's something you're
looking forward to Atlanta sneaker con
September 17 the first-ever hoops
classic where my team is going to win
and sep tember 24 the one-year
anniversary celebration scavenger hunt
in Los Angeles what about you both of
those things
but I ate
oh so small in this plane
are you or our economy birthday picture
poisonous 553 remember our one to do
rules asks I know this might be hard to
choose but what's your favorite song of
kanye's by Kanye's
well it's not hard to choose for me my
favorite kanye song is last call which
is on the college dropout
you ready for my favourite lollypop
right now first collider you lose your
little overhead compartment pick your
fuses an exit row reduce
Wow
and what is that
where are
in this video alright guys so we are in
Charleston West Virginia and the master
coy asks favorite WWE match of all time
my favorite WWE match of all time is
shane mcmahon vs Kurt Angle at King of
the Ring I forget what year it was but
it was a dope-ass match when she and
McMahon couldn't go through that glass
 got really fill me about you I'm
was when Cesaro won the Money in the
Bank I don't think he's ever won the
Money in the pen this is our tweets t8
dates for this appointment TV I know
right and that's gonna wrap it up for
the Q&A we are here in West Virginia
right now Charleston West Virginia super
excited about the event tomorrow so
we're just basically hanging out in the
room we grab some food to eat I'm trying
to upload crew cakes and it's taking
literally three hours this is like an
hour and a half later it's an hour and
22 minutes left and it's only a gigabyte
video so it kind of sucks but you know
how it is YouTube life mean fiber case
your good friend that one's traumatic
they is going to end the vlog today I'm
sorry it wasn't super exciting we spend
ninety percent of our day on airplanes
and airports we'll see how tomorrow goes
man I'm interested to see what the West
Virginia sneaker community is like and
yeah thanks guys for watching yes we're
going to end in the bathroom thanks guys
for watching see you guys tomorrow and
I'm out of here y'all wait outside
hello
