what's going on guys so me and fire
cakes are currently on the way to a
private sneaker event so it's a brand
new sneaker store that's opening in
downtown LA it's a pretty big one but
we're going to the private opening party
whatever it is we got invited so we're
gonna be going private Eve's or the only
thing we like private jets and private
parties
unfortunately there will not be any
shoes for sale so fire kicks that's
where you know that hurt the pide coming
in the power
thank you
what's on feet today y'all supreme funds
already what about you fans I like to
kick it I love my mints we are here at
the Los Angeles nice kids
alright guys so we just got inside nice
kids how they got a lot of research
that's not like the freaking branch
although they got the thirty ones right
here
really
push on the dealer's wall
these yar do you know about this right
here
these one
and black
what is it
a lot of notes
going to the upstairs now
this man's talking a lot is back about
the game night
don't want to be me like I love this guy
I love this guy he's a great guy he's an
incredible youtuber but I'm going to
book you
is it next page 60 great
do it do it do it
all of a sudden he's going to be on
I'm gonna be working hard man September
17 we're gonna be ready my team's gonna
win baby
I'm sorry I'm sorry my team suits that
my team is to sack it's going to be a
wrap George it's Charlie Bucket
are you serious Charlie butt
they never seen a Pavarti has been seen
playing so
this is their Savior she better be MJ he
better be
it is super loud in both rooms we're
going downstairs now but I got all the
inside info for when the store opens and
all that stuff I'll tell you guys that
information later when we leave here but
uh yeah let's go see what else they got
over here
shout out to my mom for birthday me
manifesto blog to see me in the future
videos
all right guys so all those shoes in
there like I told you guys they're not
for sale but we've been like sending
pictures to Harris swag in my hip and
like y'all what y'all need what you need
they're having them for sale right now
we sent them this piece right here I
hope you guys can see we sent him that
picture and they've been going crazy
like a get me this size give me that
size give me that size and we keep
saying sold out sold out so let's just
say sneak a restock prank
it'll go good at all but I think it's
this guy right here
all right coke ice yeah all right guys
so we left the party we're actually back
at my place now but we're gonna go get
some groceries but anyway man it was a
great night we made a lot of dope
connections there was a lot more people
that were like big people in the sneaker
game not like people you guys know but
like the behind-the-scenes type of
people so I was introduced to a lot of
people men I don't know if you guys
could pick up the audio that Cousteau
was saying but let's just say man he
still thinks that his team is gonna win
a Megillah
he's to his thing he doesn't think his
team's gonna win first of all he thinks
he's gonna shut me out you know I'm
saying how do young girls yeah he said
he was giving me else he's saying that
we're gonna get demolished but let me
just say guys you know it's all about
it's not about how you talk it's about
action you know I'm saying about action
so we'll see what happens on September
17th in Atlanta it's gonna be a it's
gonna be a great great event it's gonna
be a great basketball game is gonna be
fun regardless but let's just say we
trying to get that W yeah the nice kick
shop I know a lot of people gonna be
like wondering like all when's it open
and things like that so basically I
found out that it is gonna open next
Wednesday but all of those sneakers that
you saw on the vlog are not going to be
available right away so I don't want you
guys to be like oh Christ show that they
have this where's that I don't know I
don't know what dates everything is
getting released I think it's gonna be
spread out within like a few weekends or
something like that like even I can't
even get the plug on any of it so like I
wish I could but I can't but so yeah but
I know that if you guys want to check it
out it will be open next Wednesday
nobody I'm sure they'll have a few dope
things here and there but all I can say
is maybe just stay tuned and follow nice
kicks on like Instagram and Twitter and
all that stuff because that's where you
give out the most information so
but yeah we're gonna go to the grocery
store fire kiss I did get some potatoes
living in potatoes right just starting a
Cooking Channel cooking or getting
chicks I've only been in LA for a day
but tomorrow we leave for West Virginia
man this traveling stuff is hectic but
you know it's the life we chose you know
I'm saying but yeah West Virginia
tomorrow it's gonna be super lit man I'm
excited to go there that's an Apple fan
my shirt is like take a towel so after I
shower I just threw this on and then I
was dry isn't that so cool I'm just can
and did that
Ralph's got the slappers Loki
all right that's it man we leave in the
freaking raus shy be at your house at
8:00 or 8:30 8:30 no no no 30 it's too
late
got a bit there for that nine yeah if
you get caught by 8:30 bit your house
unfortunately we got this far I just
wanna go I don't even know
