on September 20th 2015 almost one year
ago I created my third youtube channel
called crew kicks I decided to take my
passion for sneakers onto YouTube as
many of you guys know I've been doing
YouTube for almost 10 years now and I've
always been a sneaker head and I saw
other people doing it and I always
wanted to do it but I never knew when
the time was right to create a third
youtube channel like I was already
struggling with my other two channels
drawing another channel on there was
just crazy it was a crazy idea at the
time but I finally decided I wanted to
do it a few months before September 2015
is when I finally made the decision like
look I want to make this sneaker channel
man I wanna you know take my passion and
I want to do something different so I
did it and it's almost been a year when
I started the channel I made a huge
commitment of five videos a week Monday
through Friday and although I wasn't
able to do that for a whole year I did
miss a few days here and there but I was
still able to knock down 229 videos in
less than a year and we have reached
300,000 plus subscribers in my eyes this
channel has been a great success for its
first year and I couldn't be happier and
I want to thank you guys for making crew
cakes one of the fastest growing sneaker
channels on YouTube you know how I like
to do things and the reason why I'm
talking about crew kicks coz besides the
fact that it's about to be one year old
is I want to do something big for the
one year celebration so like I said the
one year anniversary for crew kicks is
on September 20th that's during the week
so this is what we're gonna do on
September 24th 2016 which is a Saturday
in Los Angeles the place that I moved to
a year ago and changed my life I'm gonna
do something that I've never done before
which is gonna be a little bit crazy but
it's gonna be a lot of fun and anybody
who's down to do this is gonna be coming
out with the dopest prize well if you're
one of the first to do it let's
backtrack on September 24 2016 in LA
Angeles California for the one-year
anniversary of crew kicks I'll be
holding the one-year anniversary crew
kicks scavenger hunt now I don't have
all the details right now but I think
it's only right that I make the
announcement now so that some people can
get the days off some people can
rearrange their plans to make sure that
they have September 24th off in Los
Angeles there is a few details that I
can tell you guys and that is that
there's gonna be five grand prize
winners I'm gonna tell you guys all the
prizes as it gets closer and closer to
the event but I can tell you guys that
one of the prizes is gonna be a pair of
Yeezys because I mean let's keep it real
Yeezys have a lot to do with my success
over the past year there will be about
two to three sneaker prizes another
prize is gonna be something that has to
do with a camera or something like that
because I know a lot of you guys are
inspiring youtubers so I want to give
away something that can help somebody
push their career in in YouTube and give
away some type of camera so again there
will be three sneakers to give away one
of them will be easy there will be a
camera giveaway and there will be adult
other purchase but that's just what's in
my head right now that's not official or
anything like that I will give you guys
more details but I do promise 5 grand
prize winners the scavenger hunt will
start at the magg Park Hall of Fame
pop-up shop on Fairfax the scavenger
hunt is gonna be explained when you get
there so all the details of what you
need to do is going to be literally
given to you on a piece of paper so I
can't give you any information on that
all I can tell you guys is that you need
to be able to go around the city of Los
Angeles to get all of these hints and
and things checked off your list to be
able to win the grand prize so if you
are underage and you don't have a
license make sure you have a parent with
you or you have like an uber account you
can use or you're ready to just run your
ass all over Los Angeles with your own
two feet because if you really want to
win these prizes it's gonna take some
skill some thought some determination
because we're not just out here handing
it out we want to do something fun so
remember September 24th starting at the
mag park on Fairfax is gonna be the crew
kicks one year anniversary scavenger
hunt and if this one's a success maybe
we'll do this every year for the
birthday of crew kicks we'll see but
anyway
yeah I just want to let you guys know
about that I'm gonna go back to my
computer now I don't forget about
sneaker calling Atlanta cuz that's gonna
be lit too so that's September 17th
back-to-back weekends it's lit let me
show you guys a little piece of crude
case history while we're on the subject
so uh this book right here was actually
where I wrote down all my crew kicks
ideas so I wrote down all the OP
possible names that I came up with for
the channel and crew kicks was the first
option crew sneakers
QoP sneakers the crew sneakers crew
capes crew kicks dope fits that I mean
there's a lot of titles on here probably
but I know what it's like I'll jot down
so this book right here is always going
to be in my room because obviously this
room right here is where all the ideas
came about so I know it's super messy
because it's like a storage room for my
brother-in-law I'm about to start
packing soon because I am leaving the
Bay Area today I'm going back to LA I
came with three sneakers and I'm leaving
with all of these so I'm gonna try to
see how I can fit all my I'm gonna kind
of try to see how I can fit all of this
stuff into that bag including all these
clothes these clothes and probably some
other stuff that's in my laundry that I
need to take
I have a lot of freaking bags I'm
literally carry on carry I'm carrying
three black flags I'm carrying three
bags on the plane and I checked one in
so that's my that's the one thing as
much as I love traveling I hate the fact
that I always carry so many bags I just
have a backpack in a bag and they're
coming back to tell other bags because I
my hello shoes and I have this big ass
easy back because I want the keymaster
it's crazy there's no freaking security
and and then we are right back in Los
Angeles see this is what I hate
yesterday's vlog to me was so good as
far as the whole b-roll and drone shots
and all of that combined having the old
crew the new crew the new vibes the old
vibes all in one place then you come
back the next day for this type of vlog
where it's just me in my room alone
every day is not gonna be amazing
I know that but I'm gonna try my best to
make every single vlog as good or kind
of as good as yesterday's vlog because
to me yesterday's vlog is the standard
of what my vlog I want my vlogs to be
every day so you know I had to put the
Supremes next to the Supremes
I added what else did I buy I bought a
lot of freaking shoes on this trip when
I was stuck by oh yeah the metallics we
have to add the blue metallics into the
Jordan one collection there's a whole
bunch of updates man but I'm pretty
satisfied with my favorite shoes right
here these are like I said the other day
these are literally my favorite shoes my
favorite Jordan and my favorite favorite
adidas right there so I've been kind of
like staying away from my easier now I
haven't worn ik Yeezys in like two weeks
if you guys haven't noticed but I've
been on my Jordan once D so which are
currently my favorite shoes in my
rotation that's it for today's vlog
again it was literally really short I
think the main thing was just for me to
tell you
guys what's going on with crew kicks in
the one-year anniversary I'll see you
guys tomorrow again and I'm out of here
peace
