beltram music
life goes on window without you and
people going doubt you I wanna do more
than participate
we're starting the day out at the family
restaurant you know we have to stop here
every time we're in the bay so we're
going in beat football
Chickenfoot Bob would you get them that
comes out of the lamb chicken and kabob
man let's just say beef and lamb over
here sincere by the way
we played bowling and Harris beat means
I have to buy him a pair of sneakers
today so the usual rituals when I'm on
the bed free has a bird but no one knows
you exist they pin you as a perfect girl
make it hard to resist but I know you
live your life up in the shadow they
created maybe you smoke some weed
nothing get medicated and honestly I
don't blame you and he may try to change
you
but the ceiling to the heights you reach
but you don't think like they do it's
getting stale that's as time goes by
hiding behind the veil you mentally feel
frail cuz in their eyes you can't do no
wrong and really how I see it it's the
same old song cuz everyone got a pass
but that shit won't last just like my
friends that come and go no questions
asked
keeping keep it simple alright guys so
we are at soul supremacy in Newark I got
these two cribs and Neymar's I have just
been sitting at my house back home I
originally bought it for my
brother-in-law my cousin but they don't
fit size ten and nine
they're small guys I want to get this
one without the color for the uncage run
or the cage one I don't like this one's
regular I just think sure those ones
sitting around either 2016 yeah
count four five nine seventeen city
canary peas about to get rid of these
sorry JP I'm gonna give you like 5 out
of the trade draymond greens I thought I
thought I wanted 7 yeah so that goes
fine it freedom it's one of them LeBron
shit these are very interesting you like
LeBron I hate little Roy 82 in the
ground want me to find you the ultra
boost yeah
each adult abuse culture this okay cage
white with the black bottom or oh why oh
why are all black you know probably all
black no white with the black bottom the
original on you yeah the second winner
first of all you want continental bottom
okay that's longer right that's all
white yeah I guess I guess so I'm
training the two Neymar's for the
supreme fives the white ones that I've
been wanting for a minute so instead of
those just sitting at my house back here
in the bed it made me get these
did I study did you did it
oh the gum bottles in the homes oh my
god oh my god he did oh oh oh dude good
shit
the thing that I'm happy about is like I
didn't spend like a hundred bucks like
it was literally off of ten bucks right
oh my god oh yeah dude
supreme fives and Easy's in one day
crazy sighs tense thank you Hamid was
hella hating on me I was I'll say you
never want to keymaster he's like yeah I
have it with my own money every synchro
so he plays the keymaster hoping to
finally win one win big one time I don't
consider those wins
why what am i doing well one of them was
for free and in the other illness for
someone else
I've never actually won with my own
money yeah and then as soon as I said it
God said let me teach you a lesson
oh did you even shoot shoulder shoes you
bought on here no no as boksoon so I
just turned it on and I went to go and
record myself throwing the shoes that I
got and I was a greatest like I just
turn around really quick and then it
just went right through and bam let's go
see what you bought so basically as you
guys know like I said Harris beat me in
mini mini bowling mini bully Harris beat
me in bowling the other day so at the
bottom of pair of shoes so I picked up I
got the breads early shots it has you
got the white and blacks nice and simple
behind these for a minute
shot skies it's the tuna ones ritual now
you got the Dover ones last time when he
beat me in mini-golf and I got these for
bowling so the
it continues it shall go on yeah man sad
day today though guys because I met his
leaving town today I was originally
supposed to go with him but I'm staying
an extra two days to spend time with
family you know I'm saying chairs this
time tell him how you padded my diet oh
yeah I'm very proud of his diet not even
say anything weary at the up going on he
said I don't want rice I don't want any
drink does give me water so that's love
our boys no car boys alright guys so
we're at this dessert place called snow
pray and look who's finally back in the
vlog big Mart up what up
back again all right but what did you
order that's the real question
well I got some mango what is this like
shaved ice mango snow actually and lick
help like big as my face Joyner can I
have one spoon
no just to test it I already touched it
a little bit will not what we talking
about
Fama's Oh
this bulb although he doesn't know about
teeth so hopefully he's not bad so we
are on the way and all of a sudden fam
we're on the way to go drop off fire
kicks to the airport it's a very sad day
but I'll see him tomorrow I know I'll
see him on Thursday I seem on Thursday
and then Friday we leave to West
Virginia for the know yeah we live
literally Friday yeah we leave to dry
day to West Virginia for the dope
exchange sneaker event in West Virginia
so if you're in West Virginia make sure
you guys come out yeah basically I
already know what all the comments are
gonna say in today's vlog this keymaster
was rigged the keymaster was rigged oh I
was not rigged like literally we're not
every also us I haven't wanted ever seen
one clip because I gotta cut your clit
my plate where I said you never went in
like we it's all like natural like yeah
or that's something you want so were you
guys like were you guys acting that out
before it see that's the thing is people
are gonna say that regardless and that's
what sucks is because this everybody
thinks these the winds whenever somebody
who has like a following wins they think
that that store hired them where they
said hey we'll give you free easy to
come ten you in the keymaster how come
that's not the case you guys don't play
as much as me I'm probably spent a you
miss hannah bitch like Sean I do playing
everyone well here yeah you have to play
that game consistently to be able to
finally win I've probably spent in my
lifetime at least the grand on that
machine and I've won three times so yeah
Matt for the people who do say it's
rigged I mean you could think whatever
you want
honestly the the soul supremacy you guys
always see me come here like you always
see me come here they do show love they
always hook me up with a little bit of
discount when I buy some shoes and
things like that but literally this was
just like I had an extra $10 bill and I
just said you all my spend this I
freaking won and I was obviously so I
was so happy man so
haters will say it's Photoshop
now go alright guys made at SFO saying
goodbye to fire kicks right now
you got any message to the people fam
let's just say I would be sure I'm not
gonna be with them so you guys got to
take care of the diet because you know
what what he does behind closed doors I
don't even know
all right next stop Pizza Hut
yeah
everybody gives the same advice they
tell me you can't be selfish in this
game my life does that mean captain
you this your first time seeing it isn't
it crazy how like two years ago in the
vlogs with like Oh apples coming apples
come to my flat and now is freaking
built man
they can't hurt you yeah what's up my
high dude
alright guys watch this there's going to
be a LeBron growing behind me
LeBron's growing
No neither so out-of-pocket
we are in the city right now we decided
instead of getting stuck in traffic
we'll just come to the city and roam
around see what happens honestly we
don't have a game plan or anything but
yeah the guys miss me miss Hoffman
already
hey how's it gonna ask me to
while you guys are watching this it is
currently August 31st which means
tomorrow is the first day of September
which means it's my favorite month of
the year which means we are 17 days away
from sneaker con Atlanta where we're
going to have the first ever sneaker con
hoops classic what's the dream crew
versus the shoe tubers so you know women
- I've been going hard playing
basketball dieting trying to get ready
for the game you know we'll see what
happens on September 17th will I be
ready I don't know I'm trying to get my
shot back so we'll see what happens but
super excited man super excited Paris
was originally supposed to play in the
game but he can't make it fat what you
think we're gonna win without even see
Amin Christina I think they're gonna do
okay it'll be a blowout if I was there
of course we have chemistry together but
I know for sure they're gonna bring back
the ship so yeah can we set a trophy we
gotta bring that trophy
we got about you talk to me like that in
a pennant ya know iceberg nice regular
let's just say I love Atlanta can't ever
been there but I'm gonna take that
trophy marina back to Cali you guys need
to make these hats stop it do you
hold him back home feeling is making me
lose the feeling copy down
