alright guys so we just got to the
basketball gym actually I can't tell you
guys where we're at because this is an
exclusive gym and I can't even show you
guys us playing I'm gonna be doing a
test run on the Katy nines this is the
shoe that I'm going to be playing with
in sneaker Con Atlanta but not this
colorway so I kind of want to test out
the shoe to make sure I can actually
play in them so maybe I won't play in
these in Atlanta we'll see we'll see how
I like them but um yeah we're about to
hoop you know we're still staying on the
grind even though we're not in LA and I
got these actually from the employees
store yesterday in Portland for 50% off
so these were like 75 bucks and then
fire kicks didn't have any shoes so I
had to offer in my exclusive size 12
Gold Jordans to hoop in so these are
super limited guys I'm just kidding I
spray-painted these gold like two years
ago so how do you slay slugs don't take
the lace off at all you don't need those
yeah I was supposed to give these away a
long time ago but I moved away from the
bay so they've just been sitting in my
house so fire kicks is gonna playing
them and then maybe we'll give them away
right yeah let's just say mourn game
Wars
well guys look at the sky right now it's
freaking beautiful this is one thing la
doesn't have is this type of view right
here and that's what I miss
what's up alright guys so we're starting
basically starting the vlog here we're
at this restaurant called ninja castle
oh I don't know that's how you were tall
black I'm gonna fit it now you feel me
does nigel castle but anyway we're about
to eat with the fam all my cousins are
here you found me four kids coming along
gee let's just say part advantage our
feeling was
they got karaoke here from routine hi
guys it's easy it's not too big not
LaRoche's
what's up Mina
born on the wrong way around
so I didn't know we were coming to a
restaurant like this but I'm excited now
stop
you got the sushi the trend I can't have
right
no rice all of a sudden the rice you're
so cute
I don't know why did you ever since you
don't work Apple anymore you could give
us the inside info Pam rumor has it the
new eye for eye wash is coming out what
do you go to this rumor actually called
an apple ma what did I say i watch I
will Apple watch
you
what you got on your feet oh god there's
no sock I think I'm gonna take care of
it
click Tony Romo telling Tony Romo fish
aroma is doing the fantasy he's doing
NFL fantasy draft I told them you need
to get Tony Romo you think Carson Palmer
and you need to get paint Manning
so those are the topics for NFL Draft
running Kings car bro then six all right
guys so today's vlog is pretty dry we
woke up at like what 10 no coming at
2:00 we woke up at like 2:00 and started
editing our vlogs because we were just
drained from Portland and drained over
the past three days of no sleeping but I
thought I would spice up the vlog by
showing you guys all of my purchases
from Portland as you guys know we went
to the Adidas store and the Nike store
so you need a pass to get in and then
everything in the store is 50% off so I
took advantage was my first time there
I've always wanted to go so i'ma show
you guys all the stuff I picked up and
I'll show you guys the adidas stuff
first because there's a lot less adidas
stuff did data store shout-out to his
kicks for getting us in here did a store
as far as Footwear was super dry there
was not that much Footwear I got a lot
of dope clothing from there so I got
these red shorts like running shorts
zipper pockets I think that's the most
clutch thing when it comes to shorts
these are 40 bucks I got these for 20
bucks next up I got some adidas sweat
pant shorts I got these I don't know how
I found these but then anything out
minute watch you got these two you got
these with I got them all over you love
them those ones ooh yeah you got the
other one I got the red ones I got this
one this one's not distressed like yours
this one was 33 bucks so I got this for
was half a day 3 1150 whoa 12 No
let's just say there's a reason why
earnings finish college hall huh
I got my dad Simba Dina's polos because
this is like his signature he always
rocks polos and he loves to do this
because he's a soccer player so I've got
him some adidas polos and then I got
this jacket right here that I really
like and as you guys could see it's like
a very thin Ballmer jacket kind of like
a bomber track jacket and it's I don't
even know what kind of print this is I
kind of see some flowers in there but
then it's like better you can barely see
I think you see better on the back yeah
this one was hundred bucks so I got it
for 50 bucks so this is actually part of
a collection or something let me see
this sport miss Potts oh wow this is not
even English and then last from the
adidas store I got this dope ass light
grey hoodie with their green adidas logo
kind of hard to see I think I took the
tag off of this one but this one was
like 60 bucks I got for 30 bucks but
then the thing that I don't like about
this that I didn't notice is there's no
front pocket so I don't know if I'm
gonna wear this too much but still dope
dope Callaway ah okay over to the Nike
store most of the stuff at the Nike
store was basically the same stuff that
they have at a Nike town or a regular
Nike store so at that Nike employee
store I took advantage so we got these
shorts right here which are basketball
shorts are a little short but I think
this is made for the kt9 so as you guys
can see it's got this dope print on the
side I wore these today when I played
basketball actually I got this right
here Kairi t-shirt I like the color of
this it's like a weird green but you got
the Kyrie logo right there and then you
got crossing what does it say
embarrassing defenders since 1992 this
warrant was originally 35 I got it for
$18 from Jordan compressing 3/4 tights
my favorite pick up from the whole trip
team USA basketball shorts these things
go for like a hundred fifty bucks I got
them for like 75 I think yeah
$75 right here
look at that tag this is the one that
they actually played in in the Olympics
so this is like the on-court the exact
same thing as the Encore so the quality
is really good and then on the inside
it's got like this grip so your shirt
your shorts don't fall down the ego
right there thing I didn't notice until
I put them on this morning is that they
don't have pockets because since it's on
court there's no pockets they don't need
pockets so Nike Tech shorts
if you've ever had thankee Tech before
you know these shorts are freaking
amazing because they have this long dope
double compartment
wait what 70 bucks I got this for 35
bucks and then I got the shorts and I
had to get a pair of pants so I got the
Nike Tech pants and four is olive green
whatever you want to call it tone is
kind of pricey it's originally 100 got
it for 50 bucks so now going into the
shoes I got three pairs of shoes and you
guys already saw one of them earlier
today played basketball on these we got
the KD nines in this Rio colorway so far
so good they were really dope on court
next up I got a pair of Nike lunar epic
Flyknit multicolored these really have
been catching my eye every time I go to
a Nike store and now that I could have
had the chance to get them 50% off I
didn't pass it up I went through like
six boxes to find the pattern I liked
because every single shoe is completely
different the pattern does not the same
on any pair and I got these the metallic
blues the very dope I've actually wanted
these for a while I just never wanted to
pay full price for them and I got them
for 80 bucks as well so I have a feel
like I'm shooting a crew kicks video all
of a set
ah
what you doing
he can't see this she Oh
