good morning everyone or good afternoon
depending on when you're watching this
we are currently back at SFO again about
to catch a flight again but where are we
going today stay tuned and find out
unless you already follow me on
instagram because then on instagram
already posted right Matt so yeah he's a
little cranky hitting it too much sleep
huh Europe looks just like you always
said you could sleep when you're in the
gray yeah you didn't get sleep that he
said I can eat whatever I want from
Burger King breakfast menu so you boys
what the going right now let's just say
cheat day it's really early he stopped
what's wrong with you all right guys so
we are in Portland OR again today
something and when I mean that we came
and tell you guys what we're here for
well we can't tell you guys well what
we're here for
I'll tell you guys later there's a
freaking Nike store at the damn airport
apparently
I need
friends all right guys so we just got
into our minivan
so basically we're not gonna have a
hotel because we're leaving tonight but
we got a little minivan up it sleep in
our first stop is going to be the Nike
employee store I don't know how we're
gonna get in but I am honestly so
excited since I was young it's been a
dream of mine as any sneakerheads dream
to go to this freakin employee store
because it's like 50% off but then
whatever they have at the store and then
on top of that there's no tax out here
it's like heaven it's a sneakerhead
heaven there's an adidas employee store
too so later today we're actually going
to color the adidas employee store but
we actually have a plug to get into that
so that's not going to be a problem but
Nike is going to be a problem so we're
going to see hopefully we can get in and
I'm just excited honestly to be around
the Nike campus but I don't have any
Nike plug so yeah yo there's a freaking
line going on what the hell it went all
the way down there oh my god Emma we
gonna get in let me show you never meet
up important all right guys you know how
to do outfit change one time you
shoutout to the detroit detroit family
detroit plug one time for the one time
tell me what we're going to do just i
mean we're going to thank you so much
yeah brought you all adi getting out raw
what is this family's wishes Shareef
yeah there's probably at least 300
people in line and the doors are open
I'm assuming the store just opened at 10
a.m.
hopefully some way we can finesse our
way in there you know I'm saying like
Isis kid how the cops are and then cops
the shoe become Oh pick up Maggie boy
this is sick as hell you I got to get a
picture
hi guys so there's a freaking crazy line
like I said I don't know how we're gonna
get in my dreams are being crushed right
now I can't find a way into the Nike
employee store somebody help me guys
this is the furthest we got in we went
through the exit and try to say that we
know somebody but we don't know anybody
but they wouldn't let us in like each
other so go by key town is that there's
all those bikes or you could pay to use
those it's crazy but anyway we've got
Nike Portman yeah we couldn't get into
the police though so at least we're
coming here so
so you know Atlanta's around the corner
you guys know what you're rocking on the
court
biking my balance a friend later but no
I don't know yeah maybe Kobe's to be
honest what do you owe you I don't join
do they know no they don't know I don't
know yet no I'm not sure what about you
oh
these are sick right here by each other
these are no do it look at it look at
this little horn in the shoe retire too
much we're so excited everything
a little Steve
they're stiff while the clicker leavens
what they like that I've never played
you know I don't know why I think is a
key leaves maybe stop I'm serious it's
made for here oh yeah so they got the
whiteout Jordan collection but these
 is all yellowy
oh listen shout - been shattered by crew
kicks out skies my man yeah
thank you man hey look at Jordan
I'm gonna take these fools shoes and act
like I just bought them so other cool
the reason why we actually came to
Portland I can't tell you guys but we
will show you guys in a future vlogs we
taking care of some business yeah in the
meantime we are enjoying downtown
Portland fire kicks over here posing
like he's ready for a photo shoot
give me some fun we are going to the
adidas store shout out to the home he
has kicks he's going to get us in but
yeah man Portland's beautiful it really
is
alright guys so we're going to stop at
the sneaker store over here that
everybody recommended we come to before
we head to the adidas employee store
which I'm really excited about so let's
just check if they have anything dope
and maybe they do I don't know we'll see
you know they got the friends-and-family
blacked-out nmd 2500 Oh the James Hart
is these are safe to anyone just go for
600 days oh no this is probably for like
Adam you know something Juwan Howard P
that's crazy
that's a Rip Hamilton not that I haven't
seen before so it was actually a dope
shot but you know we ought to move now
because we on a timeframe constriction
you're heard me walking on these uh
downtown Portland streets
walk like you freakin died I don't have
a belt on no way yeah I'll earn my
stripes you feel me I'm necessary arm it
rips it of running ting the rip City of
Toronto mix there
alright guys so we just came into the
adidas employee store and but before I
go crazy shout out to the homie right
here has what's going on man it's
alright thank you for getting the
feeling man
Thank You Man thank you for having us
yes this guy is like before I started my
sneaker channel used to watch him I
remember when you first tweet at us and
mean here bullshitty tweeted us we were
hello juice man summers Harris yeah no
you named your son after name right yeah
yes I did all right so we're gonna go
look around now see what we can get
what's up y'all so outside of that oh
you know Portland Oregon that's it those
blogging now I'm sorry yeah that's your
vlog Channel
I just miss all your you know check me
out
hello look at this somebody come look at
this somebody come and look at this
alright guys we did a little bit of
damage here today a little bit just a
little bit let's go come on
finally come up he came out what was you
guys is Bridget oh yeah I won turn 30
mine was 220 so the way it have been
freaking for on her but you get to a
whoa you got hella stuff oh yeah I got
we got - we got the same thing but two
of everything
oh yeah wow he's like hey yo shout-out
to the Dita's employee store amazing the
employees were dope as hell - yeah I
should know what the customer service
was amazing they even offered me stuff
that like it was I was in the back so
that I'm not supposed to say that you
even get him in trouble no what no no
I'm just kidding I'm still you know they
just offered me stuff like they're like
oh this is last one left what's up man
oh dude I can't let you believe it all
of a sudden spark sir twenty did I said
oh hi hi I'm James
hi James I'm their fans nice to meet you
oh yeah I'm gonna marry I was laying
here let me show my back was good but uh
but I do it
you
let me tell you that man John John -
yeah thank you guys - you showed me love
that like to say Morgan show you do is
gonna call where's our car fail where's
our car fam I'm brushing we gotta take
yg to the airport because his flight
yeah like in two hours
how much did you guys catch up - damn I
cashed out five oh my god yo this is the
first time I've been here I was take I'm
taking advantage of this I don't know
how I'm gonna fit all that stuff in my
luggage or is it right now imma I'll
show you got guys I will show you guys
everything I copped later when I get
back home but hey the okay they was
hanging on me earlier they wouldn't let
me in but when we got inside man
Nike employees they showed love adidas
employees showed love all of Oregon
showed love this was a great experience
this is really heaven baby oh my god
this is sneaker head heaven it's freakin
amazing so Oh going 200 miles per hour
right now guys all right I'm gonna take
a bigger take what you do the airport by
right
we lost it
all right guys apparently on the flight
going back to San Francisco
picking fire kicks forgot something at
the car rental place we think so he's on
the phone trying to handle it was a
great day we got a lot done in flight
but time to get like 10 11 hours
productive day man if you wake up early
you can literally fly to another state
spend the whole day there and have a
good time time to go back home can take
one of those down I'm delirious I
haven't slept in three days I don't
think the night before
holy
