so I had a nice little meeting this
morning well let's just say they gave me
a quite a few things to take home so
I'll show you guys that stuff right now
 I was invited to come check out
their LA office and man it was just an
amazing experience to be there I was
honestly super excited oh I can stay
here and thank them all day but
basically I went over there I got to
talk to them and I basically told them a
little bit about myself and what I do
and about my youtube and and about my
youtube and what what is my goals and
like what am I doing with it and all
that stuff so to be able to make that
connection with the adidas to me is a
huge deal and I'm so grateful for it I'm
really excited man to see what what
happens but they gave me some really
dope stuff and I'm going to show you
guys a few of them adidas ultra boost in
this ultra boost ultra boost - tubular
instinct it's the tubular instinct crazy
because if this had a Yeezy logo on it
everybody would be going crazy for it
including myself hi Beast this one is a
classic man you can't go wrong with some
Stan Smith's blacked out all black Stan
Smith's I could not say no to these
these are freaking dope this is for when
I want to be on my high socks Southern
California skater boy vibe you know what
I'm saying I always got to switch it up
baby
always gotta switch it up alpha balances
let's just say your boys back on that
gym grind my new running shoe I'll I'm
so on top of on top of all the sneakers
I also got a whole bunch of apparel I'll
show you guys my favorite piece it's all
black because I told him I like to rock
with that all black this is a zip-up
this one right here is a zip up or is it
button alright this one has a button
jacket but the thing I like about this
is it goes with nmds I believe because
it actually has that tab that the fact
that that nmds has on the back of the
neck so pretty cool I like that one I
love this hoodie right here check this
out on the back it actually says the
brand with the three stripes and it's
kind of like blurred out towards the end
of the thing yeah I like that
so this ladies and gentlemen is my new
sneaker wall aka my sneaker closet aka
my sneaker dungeon aka
the closet of the World Heavyweight
Champion now it's time to go pick up
some pablo merch oh
just picked up some pablo merch from the
grove from the homie made up over here
because it was convenient for both of us
white los angeles tea also long sleeve
tee and I got the purple long-sleeve los
angeles I can't read some of these
things man the lettering is all messed
up whatever it says on the back to more
Los Angeles Gildan Pablo shirts
shoutout to the plug
yo guys I have no idea what's going on
right now but I just pulled up to mag
park and it is literally popping outside
here
I got like food trucks I've never seen
this many people in Burbank low-key
Friday nights in Burbank our turn
outside the Magnolia Park Oggy yeah what
is that what are you drinking dude yeah
all of a sudden BAM I just watch I just
started watching your video that yeah I
think I watched like your videos like
two days ago end up really I gotta say
I'm a big fan out I'm a to fan new
teaching men I like that shirt - thank
you
they got the infant size Easy's in the
keymaps wait a minute what is going on
over here some injustice a sneaker store
not a gymnasium
haha that it good will you dancing like
five minutes when I did it yeah all
right I can't help it
I never asked you why this is always
here since the first day I came this
 shoe has been here how does it
have a significance or something y'all
just can't find here other shoe yeah so
my best friend lost his leg in an
accident
no wait I'm stricken I know so actually
true story um the homie slim jim from
race rumor came in and bought a shoe and
shoe stores tend to make this mistake a
lot they'll tell you they don't but they
do exposed sneakers do is exposed we we
accidentally gave them a size 9 and a
size 9 and a half mmm and so he's
walking around with the pinnacle in his
um by chance video I think they're uh
the guys from race room are actually
wearing all the shoes Ibaka ones yeah
but um he's wearing a size nine on one
foot in size nine and a half on his
right foot so this is the left nine and
a half
oh no way so never created it yeah no
black pinnacle wines half off yeah
orgy Doosan beer size nine and a half
and you're wearing a cast cuz you broke
your right leg I got you yeah how much a
hundred you know if there is somebody
that comes in here with a cast all right
and then they're right for him and they
need that they need a left shoe in their
size nine and a half I know I'm
stretching this I'll give you this shoe
for free yeah straight if somebody comes
you got to put them on that you get a
said not pick you yeah not straight up
if they if there's somebody out there
that broke their leg I'm down I'll give
you the shoe for free because it's a
size nine and a half and we only have
the left side this is thumb though I
know how to get this you for free how to
get this shoe for free limb put the Meg
Park in the background
what's up em what's going on guys so I'm
back home it's almost midnight right now
the boy is tired man I'm so tired I got
a flight at 10:00 a.m. so I'm gonna be
leaving town tomorrow morning I hope you
guys enjoyed flog 5:01 thank you guys
for watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog and I'm out of here
