we treat we preach we preach preach we
do keep reading how can I say no how can
I not got it so good a lot what's going
on dream crew family welcome to vlog 500
500 freaking vlogs man I started
vlogging in 2012 Toronto Toronto I just
want to say that Toronto's freezing feel
about the comments monster be confident
that we're gonna get booed off stage we
woke up and we saw this it was not
snowing yesterday and now it's all why
nobody cares about shoes in Canada
because these shoes that I picked up
from the mall sold out in like 10
minutes in Cali so I got the Kobe
galaxy's out here can anybody give me up
for guys for making on The Ellen Show no
for real though like seeing this is
crazy
Slovakia P Ghana's right here if you
follow your dreams you can end up seeing
the world and things like this
I would only upload a vlog like once
every two months or something like that
but anyway I want to thank everybody
who's been a sub since 2012 on this
channel to everybody who's recently
subscribed every single one of you guys
mean the world to me I love to vlog one
reason why is because my audience and to
because I like to look back on my own
memories and relive my experiences so
thank you guys for joining Crew TV if
you are a new sub old sub it doesn't
matter I appreciate every single one of
you guys but anyway I'm gonna go grab
some food right now because I haven't
ate all day I just got done editing and
doing all that stuff we have
two things to talk about today and I'll
spread it out throughout the vlog so I'm
not just talking for like 30 minutes in
the beginning so let's go get some food
grabbing some lunch at my favorite
restaurant here at the Grove water
September 17th
I'm gonna be ready in Atlanta since this
is vlog 500 I want to do something that
I haven't done in a long time because
now that I'm back on my gym grind
everybody's gonna know that I am the
world heavyweight champion
you guys ready for this
it's a lot of boxes huh will unbox them
in a minute but first I need some milk
chocolate milk if you want to make
chocolate milk you need chocolate powder
whatever is called a cup it's a milk
okay first thing I do up that bitch open
also you need a spoon now I know
everybody's expecting a sneaker to come
out of this box magically but this is
not a sneaker this is what protects the
sneaker okay before I show you guys that
I have to decide what I'm going to do
with this
so time to do some rearranging all right
I guess we'll start with a cherry on top
BAM I always use these container store
shoe boxes which freakin are annoying
because they break like right there like
I dig my finger in there this is how it
used to be is too easy a lot of them
break some of them are missing doors
because they break but the good people
over at look-see designs calm they
hooked me up man they hook me up with 50
of their boxes and now their boxes are a
hundred percent see-through so you see
how this one it's like you could see the
chute clearly from the front door this
one is a full 360 clear all around with
magnetic watches doors if you really
want to stuff your display game up if
you want to make your shoe room look
like dope as hell this is the one you
want to go for so let's see what it
looks like when it's all said and done
we fell into a little roadblock here so
basically these things are a little
smaller there
we bought that much smaller so they
don't even out and then this pole right
here gets in the way so I can't stack
them on top because then the look-see
box pops out to like up there so and
also that's in the way so I'm going to
have two different stacks so this will
be the first stack and then we'll have
the look-see stack right here so you
know I'm saying two different types of
displays you know I just now realized
wait a minute
I just now realized how this vlog is not
as as amazing as I've been stop making
it sound like it is
I literally have been home like freakin
look at all these boxes like doing this
 and all the shoes are pretty much
in the new containers I haven't filled
up the old containers but I'll show you
guys anyway check this out Wow
the reason why I like these is because I
can actually see the shoe and appreciate
it like you don't get to like actually
with those ones like it's a dope it
looks dope to have all your shoes
stacked up whatever but these ones you
actually get to see your shoe and like
 I actually have this in my
collection like wow I actually have this
in my collection like you actually
appreciate your shoe and this set up
reminds me of like sneaker conventions
because you know I remember like a year
ago like two years ago I was going to
the sneaker conventions and like I'd see
these tables that have the clear boxes
and they'd have like red Octobers in
them and I'm like I'll never be
able to own a Red October like look at
its there in that glass case like that's
the closest I'm going to get to it so
this reminds me of that vibe and it
motivates me because like a year ago I
was looking at these types of shoes and
I like like damn I wanted them and now
I'm able to get these types of shoes and
obviously this is these are not my life
goals you know what I mean and my life
goal is not to have a pair of red
Octobers you know what I'm saying but
it's still we have every sneaker head
has his sneaker goal so when it comes to
have being able to cop some of these
sneakers they are in my sneaker goals
you know what I'm saying but the i8 is
that
for me we don't get that soup whoa
okay so yeah I've been thinking about
this for a while now and I was trying to
figure out do I want to continue the
number two vlogs because obviously this
is vlog 500 so what's next 501 to 600 to
700 to 800 to 900 do I want to do that
or do I want to start something new
tomorrow when you watch the vlogs the
vlog number is continuing or you will
see something different and I don't want
to say what it is because I haven't
decided yet but I'm gonna decide in the
next 24 hours so BAM the sneaker wall
makeover right here guys so in this
section right here these are just two of
my favorite shoes the Air Jordan one and
all my ultra boost some of my favorites
on the corner so I can see the side and
then they've got some ultra boots like
the gold medal packs and different ones
right here there's some other boost
shoes there but I'm sure those will be
filled up soon with ultra boost and then
over here some of the shoes that I kind
of think are a little more special with
the red Octobers the Kobe Constans that
a perfect pair gave me some red bottoms
some Jordans that I think are dope you
know I had to put the ovios pull in see
Yaga's and then a few other shoes just
to fill it up wait a minute
up here we have to put the big Shaun's
cuz that's like the autograph Ishaan is
like my great love all grills some more
random Jordans these are some Jordan
ones this is the only Jordan one that's
not what the rest of them but some 12s
Kairi ones all my Kyrie - some Wade's
some LeBron the only the broad in my
collection some kairi's my four pairs of
Kobe's that I have in LA with me I have
more back home so adidas some more
weight some random stuff and we got some
empty spaces for future shoes no it
still has a lot of work to be done like
I said I'm gonna replace the whole that
should just get brighter I don't know
but there's a bug right
I need to get rid of these boys man oh I
think it died I didn't charge it I
couldn't be happier with the freaking
new wall I'm too tired right now man
I've literally been working on that wall
all day long one thing I need to clear
up is what's going on with crew kicks
they keep saying like every other day or
like once a week that oh yeah I'm gonna
get back to it I'm going to get back to
it
I've still been slacking so what I
decided to do was I really thought about
it and I said you know what I'm gonna
take this week off and then next Monday
I'm gonna resume and I'm gonna give you
guys what you expect so I'm not going to
sit here and try to convince you I'm
just going to tell you guys to tune in
Monday at the Monday crew collection and
then Tuesday with other dope content
that I give you so stay tuned for that
crew kicks again is taking the week off
and we'll be back to the five days a
week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
and Friday all crew kicks daily vlogging
here on crew TV new video this Sunday on
the main channel I'm getting back to my
old ways let's just say I'm ready for it
all right
I've been talking away too much today
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog if you
did make sure you guys give it a big fat
thumbs up and I am out
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I failed
my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't lives in
a while come talk to a wizard
