what's going on guys so we are starting
the vlog in downtown LA I'm with the man
now huh
how you doing family you good I'm good
to see you my man just moved into a new
place so we're gonna check out his place
cuz it's like a freaking carnival in
there apparently say alright guys you
know it's more delicious than a
California roll
California California fire kicks
we're training again tonight if the
state can't fire kick back in session
how do you live here look at this shit
like a carnival carnival going on today
what the hell wait it's awesome
kidding
okay I want to go go ahead
that's a raise but wait I go I'll go
I'll go
I would oh my god okay I'll take my
shoes off
okay hold on let me get the camera give
this to the other guy
we did maybe we'd be the birthday come
button
yeah call that sushi oh yeah I got you
brah I played you there but you beat me
this way yeah but you bad
Hey yeah that's who she's coming right
now you're not about it bro
ATL September 18th I'm coming 17
September 17 throw five shots whoever
makes the most
one first try
with the with the defender all I need is
two let's just say I can perform under
pressure
I made to I want that applies icon cunt
somebody help me
Oh yo this dude place has a freakin
24-hour arcade what the dude basketball
I'd be coming in here getting my jump
shot ready every night like at 3:00 a.m.
I'd be in here so I guess these
apartments if you live here if you want
to live here you need to be a student it
doesn't matter where you go but you just
have to be a student so your boy might
be taking some online classes dude oh my
god stepping in sand with Easy's oh
these aren't easy rooftop pool freakin
lounges over there this is amazing dude
literally you guys don't have to leave
this place huh yeah dude my blog was too
short so I fucked around in the carnival
downstairs the most beautiful thing is
downtown Los Angeles right there
the second most beautiful thing
laughing selfie laughing mother than
them all right guys so we are in their
apartment now and we are about to
actually film a little skit throw it on
my main channel since I haven't uploaded
on my main channel in almost two months
so besides sneakerheads to be like which
is coming out early September I'm gonna
throw on another skit soon so yeah we
got some lighting in this bitch a boom
mic YouTube like you like so we were
just talking about the stuff that you
guys don't see which is the hardest part
of video making daily vlogging is
editing nobody right the hardest part is
it's the funnest and it's the hardest
because that's where your creativity
comes out but uh I was telling him like
I fall asleep while I'm editing now like
when I was younger like I could go yeah
like we're both like yeah we both agreed
on everything we said like I said like I
literally start editing and while my
clips are exporting to the harddrive
like I just go on YouTube and then I
spend an hour and a half on YouTube when
not only leaving five minutes and then I
get distracted I ended up finishing in
the vlog by like 3 4 a.m. so YouTube
life you guys don't know about so for
everybody that says being a youtuber is
easy it's really not I still love it
though I can't complain stay tuned right
big things coming good piece hunting
guys big things coming alright guys day
2 that I'm hitting the gym whooping man
getting ready for sneak econo Atlanta
September 17th with my personal trainer
boy let's get this let's get these
double use so we're actually gonna pin a
a five on five right now so you know
yesterday was the one-on-one
today we're going with a five on five
slowly but surely we getting back up on
him and Mamba day and all of a sudden
he's here haven't seen me since the tour
bro it's been a minute everybody thinks
we're beefing you won't you even beeping
you call me a fat ass Wes you know I
won't take that shove us Toby wes is
back up in his bitch September 17 war
time we teaming up for that though yeah
where are we going it somebody commented
on my Instagram they're like you're
garbage and every time you play
basketball you get carried by YG's I
commented back I said I've literally
only played basketball with was you like
five times then he said yeah every time
let's play one more game is 21 and then
we outta here
maybe it was riding scooters maybe it
was being different we all gotta fight
the battle some of us just end up
quitting I don't want that for you
looking for that inner peace that will
knocking at the door shouldn't even let
him speak but when you do temptation and
doubt will pull the son away you can
either ride the road or go ahead and
pave your way so far I've been trying
this I can kind of do it right nobody
can dim you out if you got the brightest
light my bag groceries waited tables in
it to me that time is super valuable
complaining doesn't work are you guys so
that's it for basketball for today we
didn't finish our game with 21 because
fire kicks got a little injured but
he'll be okay go check out his channel
you want to see the injury all of a
sudden many people sell these souls on
the road to riches I prefer to listen to
my intuition God willing we all winners
when we trust in them
we all got some feet just because you're
at the bottom doesn't mean you can't
breathe
