alright guys so we started the vlog out
here at mag park I know like all the
vlogs were out here at mad part but this
is what we do you know I'm saying this
is this is where my go-to place is and
if you guys don't know we're leaving to
New York sneaker con tomorrow the day
that you guys are watching this and I
need to prepare because it's so cold
there I just came back from Europe it
was so cold and I wasn't prepared for
that so I'm gonna see if I can maybe
pick up some jackets I actually got a
supreme jacket earlier yesterday in the
mail so I'll show you guys that later
but I'm just gonna be looking at a few
things to see if I want to pick up
anything but I don't know it's fired
it's extremely cold in New York so I'm
not really too tripping over like
t-shirts and stuff anything dope is on
my side the homie Mike he has a he has a
black and green box logo that would be
really really clutched I gotta convince
him to sell it to me I'm not gonna have
to try to get a steal boy oh look
idiots man do your homework we're
actually gonna head to the other mag
park location this is like the 50th
location right in the past two years I
almost killed myself am i strong yeah so
it's a pop-up though so we're gonna head
over there cuz I need to check it out
and then I also actually need to do some
other shopping for New York at the mall
yeah I'm not I don't think I'm buying
anything today because man's don't want
to hook it up you know I'm saying it but
it's all good I can't pay more than a
thousand dollars for a box logo even
though I spent two K on the hell v1 but
that was a come up because that goes for
like what five K yeah that was a good
pickup
let me tell you guys something if you
are a female and your boyfriend wants to
come to Mag park but you don't want to
you know you don't like all that sneaker
stuff you get bored of it whatever
whatever let me tell you something it's
very convenient because right across the
street from AG Park is what is it called
Wharf Norfolk more feet yeah so ladies
if you if your man wants to come to Mack
Park you could just go two more feet let
him do his thing
and you do your thing you feel me all
right guys so we just got to Topanga
mall we're gonna go check out the Mac
Park top of 30 days of Mac Park this is
an old True Religion store right yeah I
like that
a little Santa Claus wearing the roof of
the breads and then you got the that
supposed to be the Grinch like running
off the Grinch running off with us for
copyright reasons it's just a green guy
yeah I get to like this on the list look
at this I think we just transition into
some b-roll before we get in there when
I was in high school this shoe came out
and there was only one mall in the Bay
Area that got it and that was southla
and mall if you're from the Bay Area you
know that Southland mall was the getaway
small in the bear yeah other than Bay
ferry Mall but it was impossible I
didn't even go one of our homies got up
here and he came flexing on us and I
just wanted him so bad but at the time I
could not afford these at all and these
are retro II I think they come out like
next weekend or something if they have
my size today I definitely need these
because this is like there's certain
sneakers that come out and you just need
to buy them even if you don't think
you'll ever wear just to fulfill that
you know that missing childhood moment
that you really wanted you so I really
need these about I don't know if they
have my size so hopefully they have it I
never really messed with palates to be
honest with you all my friends do why is
this look like a Yeezy busted a Yeezy
Buster hoodie
easy bus the copyright is this an actual
Trailblazers collabora they just took
the logo see people always get madam you
and I you I like make clothing and
merged to look like other logos and
stuff the big brands do it too broad it
literally took the Blazers logo and they
made a palace like jacket unless this is
an actual collab but I'm pretty sure
it's not is it
oh this is what I want I don't know
which one I want though I want a guest
yeah the gray one is hard the warrior
color one is lit huh
these are nice very nice shirt and then
we get both of these a low key but I
thought about getting this if this is my
science guru this would have been so hi
this is dope but I feel like this is
something you could get like at H&M like
the print is like super hmm style
I go to every sneaker con and I always
see these damn like house slippers there
are easy house slippers and I was like
you know what I want to make some dream
crew ones so dream crew easy house
slippers coming soon authentic 100%
authentic well let me show you guys the
world the biggest easy right here oh
this might be the thumbnail the world's
biggest easy flex for the grand this is
another sneaker that's like all my list
right now I really really want these
these came out last weekend in Miami and
it released in two colorways pink
colorway and then this like mint
colorway and I think these are releasing
again next year so you know it's gonna
be a wider release I believe I'm not
100% sure so don't take my word for it
but this is basically a black toe but
instead of the red they just got the
mint color this is not my size this is
the size 11 or else I would have been
buying this anybody's that sneaker
called New York and you have both colors
I will buy both of them not crazy price
I'll still play I'll pay a decent price
but I ain't gonna pay like a thousand
each I'll pay like 750 each the most
probably but yeah I definitely want to
pick these up at sneaker carnie or these
urges
these are fling you want to do some will
have some wearing a big ring you get
ready for steeping fun New York just
laughing oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god I don't even know who got it
you got it though you got it
I just saw blue you got it you got it
wait guys got me inch you are confirmed
of you w all I saw all I saw was blue
and I just clicked whatever I saw that
was blue look who I saw I just looked I
saw blue I didn't read I just saw blue
and I clicked something goods are oh you
know I'm not gonna be here to pick them
up alright guys so we just left it to
paint them all mag part pop up we're
headed back to Burbank but if you guys
don't know this weekend I keep talking
about it but it's Nika Khan New York and
one thing that's happening at sneaker
con New York is the hoops classic and
for the first time ever it's a three on
three tournament eight teams it's gonna
be a NBA playoff style bracket each
round will be a best-of-three series so
the teams will play each other whoever
gets two wins first and a game to 16 the
teams are gonna be the dream crew which
is me achmad hua ji and Mike a sneaker
life Mickey has a team Matt Park with
him
B dot whose NBA all-star Celebrity game
MVP and then two of their workers and
then Adam and slim have a team with mo
logs and money cakes which Mickey and
them actually play them in the first
round so that will be a kind of
interesting because B dots not gonna be
that for the first day so Mickey's gonna
have to hold the team on his shoulders
but some of the other teams are the
broad squad which is obviously Brandon
and his boys and then you got cake
genius obviously Trey and Jay you've got
the high beast team which is kind of
like the rookie team which is like Blake
when cam and Chad Nizam and then you've
got the unboxers which is Cousteau's
team with with Tony D and also tony from
complex he's actually on their team tony
from life at complex and then there's
one other team which is the sneaker con
the sneaker con team which is name
brands team and it's actually funny that
we're playing them in the first round
because on name brands team is someone
who is an iphone kind of had a little
bit of issues with so it's gonna be fun
to be playing again someone rayray yeah
so we're gonna set up a settle or beef
on the court but there's no real beef
there honestly I can I don't care this I
could care less but it would be fun to
be playing them in the first round so
games start at 1:00 p.m. on Saturday
there's four matchups my team plays at 4
p.m. if you guys want to come watch my
game your guys is the first game 1:00
p.m. you guys play at 1:00 p.m. and then
the winners of each round will obviously
face each other on Sunday which is the
semifinals and then also Sunday at 4
p.m. will be the actual finals of the
top two teams so it's a little bit
different it's a little there's a lot of
games going on so there will be
basketball all day long which is dope so
if you're in New York come watch some of
your favorite guys there's always
there's like over 20 influencers in this
tournament so it's gonna be really
really lit
and dream crews gonna take the W and
there's also a dew point contest so you
have any message to your opponent's
money kicks and mole flogs Adam it's
them just gonna say you know hope you
guys have fun I'm sorry that we won't
get to play all three you know games are
the best of three you know it's gonna go
to out real quick but now shout to Adam
and slim both logs and money kicks all
good dudes just hype to have Mac Park
out there representing with the team I
appreciate the opportunity guys you know
sink your car have a good time and yeah
I'm just ready to better make sure we
represent right
you know we'll be holding that trophy it
will be really fun man if you're in New
York make sure you guys come out stick
your con tournament and watch all your
favorite sneaker youtubers and other
youtubers and other influencers and
there might even be some surprise guests
in three-point contest who aren't even
in the hoops classic but I can't say any
names
alright guys so we just pulled up to ovo
I'm gonna check out to see if they have
this Canada Goose jacket that I really
want like in Europe everybody literally
had Canada Goose jackets and I really
wanted one you know it's only right that
I get like a hyped one so I'm get the
ovo one but as I was walking I just saw
the BMW i8 right there you see that BMW
i8 if you remember like before I moved
to LA I told you guys that my goal was
to get an IE and then when I bought my
last car I didn't get the i8 because
it's not like everyday type of car great
for the big truck the past but it's not
like everyday type of car it's not
practical so I didn't get it but then
recently they announced that the 2019 i8
is coming out and it is a convertible
and I saw it and I said I'm going to get
that car so next year I'm going to
purchase a BMW i8 2019 and that's
another reason why I didn't get it that
I ate when I got my last cars just
because I heard rumors that there was a
convertible coming out and I didn't want
to get the car and then regret it
when the new one came out so mark my
words next year I'm getting my dream car
which is the BMW i8 I know I said that a
while ago but we really getting it now
let's go to ovo they're not gonna let us
film in there so
yeah we're gonna put the camera away and
hopefully we get this Canada Goose
jacket because this would be perfect for
New York oh my god Wow he's skittish
here at the bag Senate panel I know I
said up when I say I said I was gonna
buy any t-shirts but I ended up buying
three different t-shirts I got the guest
t-shirts New York City pickups are
wrapped up but I actually have an
unboxing when I get home one from
supreme and then I think two from
footlocker and I have no idea what the
footlocker ones are we're gonna go back
to the crib and you know what time it is
hit that intro what's in the box
all right guys package number one we're
gonna be opening is a simple one I got
this for retail off of supreme calm
while I was in Amsterdam
shout out to bull he's the one that told
me to go try to check out you know the
drill
box logo stickers and it came at a
perfect time right before we leave to
sneaker con to York got the supreme Nike
NBA shooting sleeve you know your boys
gonna be wearing this on court I haven't
seen it in person yet I'm gonna be
playing these I don't know if I should
use them as like knee sleeves leg
sleeves or whatever or if I should put
it on my arms but I'm really surprised
that it comes with two and I'm really
happy about that but this is so so
acting like this is the perfect thing
for me like it's just like the perfect
thing like the turn off bra like this is
lit this is absolutely lit brush out to
supreme but now we got I actually got
two packages from footlocker
I don't know what they are and this one
is huge and I didn't expect this one
it's not that heavy so I don't know if
there's actually a pair of shoes in here
or what but let's go ahead and open this
up huge shout out to footlocker but lock
is actually opening up their their new
store their flagship store on Hollywood
and Highland out here in LA and I'm
actually gonna be there on Tuesday next
Tuesday I'll be at the Hollywood and
Highland footlocker Wow
I'll be at the Hollywood and Highland
footlocker with crap Patek so if anybody
wants to pull up I'll be there hanging
out what the hell bra still and they
knew we were going to New York
oh this packaging is so little look
it's like a little snow globe right you
see that oh my god this is like an ugly
Christmas sweater packaging oh the tears
all by Tim's brother ugly Christmas
sweater with Santa on a unicorn
exclusive holiday collection brought to
you by Timbaland and footlocker's so
we've got some extra insoles
right here which is nice and naughty
that's actually pretty creative you guys
know I don't really rock with Tim's like
that but honestly whack you can't go
wrong with all black BAM looks like
Santa Claus booze bro yeah
guaranteed waterproof timberlands yeah
low key I think that's what it's
supposed to look like is Santa's actual
boot right here but you got the fur on
the inside you got the red lining like
timberlands just for me it's like you we
don't I don't really see I don't see
people in timberlands out here in Cali
but this is a vibe to the New York
people this is pretty dope I like this
one compared to like the other color
that that I got from that can't wear
that at all I'm probably I can't wear
these either to be honest with you guys
I'm not gonna front but I like this
colorway better than the other one and
it's just the this is just a one
packaging like bra like the Tim's the
Christmas sweater so shout out to
footlocker I think since we're already
unboxing stuff from footlocker I might
as well go get that other box welcome to
the dark side to celebrate the release
of Star Wars the last Jedi or that comes
out tomorrow right new era
Stan's socks have teamed up to create
this darkside collection we hope you
enjoy the Hat socks and t-shirt I love
Star Wars my favorite Star Wars is
Episode one I was a huge Darth Maul fan
like let's open this bad boy up okay we
got the hats right here Darth Maul yo
that's my favorite I like that a lot
we've got the stormtrooper right here
with the Pat and brim
we got the t-shirts and then we got
lightsabers in here Oh Darth Maul
t-shirt
yeah this is hard we got the lightsabers
and it's got the Stan's socks on the
inside right there oh my god that's so
dope we got the Darth Vader oh and then
there's a gold one so we got the gold
one and then we got the silver one I
don't know if one of these is like the
limited-edition one but we got two Darth
Vader socks right there so shout-out to
footlocker for frickin spoiling me today
yeah that wraps up today's edition of
what's in the box also show them the
parka because I didn't even show it it
came okay guys as you guys remember last
week I showed myself or two weeks ago I
showed myself buying the jacket and then
I didn't know if I actually got it I did
end up getting it and they shipped it
out and I just got it and I unboxed it
yesterday but the audio was messed up so
I didn't upload that but there it is I
got it it's going to the ovo Canada
Goose jacket perfect for New York like I
picked this up at a perfect time it was
a little bit pricey Canada Goose is a
very expensive company this thing is
just gonna keep me warm but look how
flossy it is with the fur on there you
know I'm saying got the ovo on the back
right there where is it over you on the
back Canada Goose patch right there so
these are like the only two jackets I'm
gonna be taking in New York with me I
think this one's super super hyped and
this one is like Sara Lee hype but we
doing big things you know I'm saying all
right so now it's time for me to relax a
little bit I do feel a little sick so
I'm probably gonna take a nap and then
I'm gonna rejuvenate and start vlogging
again and start packing again so on my
tikka yeah I just need to sleep right
now so I'm gonna I'm gonna go to see
know where we are
all right oh yeah
at the airport yeah already yeah she
tell me I've been sleeping since earlier
yeah I guess the this is the end of the
vlog yeah
do I have time to promote the backpack
or not yeah yeah
fifty only 50 of these will be available
sneaker car New York and I also got the
blazing dare collab drop into the teens
booth under 50 at each booth whose
classic okay that's it I'm done
I'll see you guys tomorrow
