what's going on everybody so today's
vlog as you guys can see for the first
time ever it's starting out in the gym
we're about to play a game of one-on-one
basketball for you guys before we get
into this game I do want to make a huge
announcement that I already announced on
my Instagram as you guys know I've been
hyping up Atlanta's sneaker con and it's
about time for me to give you guys that
information here today so on September
17th 2016 for the first time ever all
your favorite sneaker youtubers will be
together for the first annual sneaker
con hoops classic I came up with this
idea a while ago because I wanted to
bring all of us sneaker youtubers
together some of us know each other
some of us we've heard of each other but
now I finally wanted to reach out to all
these guys and bring us together for
everybody who watches us for you guys
and it's gonna go down at the Atlantis
sneaker con so it's gonna be the dream
crew vs. the shoe tubers this is my team
the dream crew is gonna be myself
ahmed haji Fulmer simpson alex AKA
sneaker head in the bay mike AKA a
sneaker life and mr. Nightwing and we're
gonna be facing the shoe tubers which is
the team of jock aka Cousteau Trey and J
of kick genius former Simpsons brother
Charlie buckets
George kill pony D Bullitt RC and yo
ante so basically we made that
announcement of the game on my Instagram
yesterday and then sneaker con posted it
a lot of the players posted it and a lot
of people were talking about it
everybody's excited about it I'm excited
about it every single comment said that
my team the dream crew is gonna lose
everybody's saying that there's no way
that we're gonna be the shoe tubers
because they have the kik genius but I'm
gonna tell you guys right now we're
gonna put up a fight and we're gonna
shock the world on September 17 2016 in
Atlanta at sneaker Con we're gonna make
some noise let me show you guys what
we're gonna do in September 17th baby
nobody so for today's vlog me and fire
kicks are gonna play a nice little game
of one-on-one I need to get into my
rhythm of playing basketball cuz I
haven't played in a minute
yeah let's see who wins this game let's
do this
and
I'm keeping him to three points
fatigue was a huge factor on top of that
this is like twice my size
but no excuses
I gotta get back to work we got a lot of
work to put in we got a month
oh my god guys so I might just put me
through a nice little workout on the
track not just for sneaker combo for my
own health I got to get back in shape
man I'm like I was fatigued playing
basketball but you know we're gonna get
back on it I found a sneaker con as a
month away and I do not want to
embarrass myself even if I'm not playing
good at least I'll be nice and
conditioned on the court hopefully in a
month all right guys we had target now
fired kicks getting some school supplies
for his little sister knew the type of
dude during the first day of school you
show up with hella new huh you had
a new backpack fam what's resale on the
on the baby Newsies that mark is
actually very iffy right now because I
don't know it's the risos high if you
have a good clientele there you gotta
have celebrity celebrity clientele
there's not a very good chance do you
think my kids are gonna be a high beast
yeah really
you see that kid that this dude he's a
shout-out to wise yeah baby okay it's
Casey Neistat here yeah well that wall
good what what why all right guys time
to call it a night shout out to my train
of fire cakes make a fire workouts
hopefully I can keep consistently going
and getting a little exercise in hope
you guys in joyed hot mitt I want a
rematch after I do a little bit more
training and I get conditioned thanks
Siri I don't really ask for thumbs up
but if you hit a thumbs up today let's
try to see if we can get 10,000 easy
talk to you guys tomorrow
I don't do that close
