all of a sudden time are you been hey
shout out to these guys right here would
you guys just drive from final Jersey
you got that mercury damn we got through
this man hey check out that Z we're
trying to stack out the merch damn and
y'all the Philadelphia plug huh gosh yo
oh here smoke this bro supreme
oh yeah I told you see yeah go go
I don't fancy you thank you brother
appreciate y'all here bring it on a
second Stadium good to pop up in here
today so it's a no line but let's go see
what they got
yeah I had tickets to see Travis Scott
but then I showed up late and I missed
it sir
that's the one concern all right this is
where they have the crazy heat right
here I think I showed you guys all this
stuff in the freaking pop-up video but
make sure you guys in case you missed it
Supremes all that good Easy's boy pieces
whoo easy that nobody messes with no way
what's up right out all right wait I see
some words okay
alright guys so last time I was in New
York I was at the adidas Originals store
and then the employees told me to come
back because the new one was opening
this is the new one I'm not too going
right now
these are sick right
hi guys one thing that I've recently
loved about adidas is their clothing
like like this so don't even this
one the sand like usually I don't like
brands like all over my but this
one I hear dopest I might have to
get that actually alright guys so check
out this velvet crewneck I'm getting the
hoodie and I just asked him if I could
pull off the hoodie with the pants what
do you guys think I'm not about it
shout out to dj khaled yeah alright I'm
just gonna stick with the hoodie then
alright guys so I'm picking up a few
things right now man shoutout to the
Adidas store how here in Soho for always
showing love man their employees are
dope as hell
oesn't uh did you guys already mention
about the accident earlier or no I got
into an accident on the way here to meet
the man himself behind the scenes vlog
life good night all of a sudden what's
your vlog channel uh sushi sushi
shoo-shoo shoo-shoo I like the Shi Xiu
Shi check him up your boy got his size
shoutout to New York cause he does one
the biggest nigger head in New York is
zero also how about 14th but you know we
walk a lot and a white dirty you know
I'm saying sneak ahead talk I'm a big
fan
what was it a bit you followed it here
man tonight huh how do I get in
oh my gosh out to Dominic shock to my
man Brian Brian holy I don't I knew
you'd be happy on snapchat that's a nice
doll or else I'm not gonna Patrice now
hi I'm in New York
oh my god it's you - yeah ruff is
so high right now I'm so high this kid's
dry Bill Nye the Science Guy
hug let me get a hug hi Bentley we have
a meet up at adidas
so that's adidas alright guys so it's
just me and slim now nope good and that
lens is so cool man I love it yes hello
why if you go to Suns channel I'll link
it down below my dude be dropping
freestyles okay you did it so far gone
challenger no yeah I did it but you
think it's just cold mush you got a
freakin party third my party right but
oh really
idea doing that song yeah buddy did it
sound like whatever school I slept it up
there for like then say melt it down
he'd be dropping this guy see guys - I
see crisis 2000 aspire you know yourself
you know I see my mixtape coming soon
fam the brownies play for the Celtics
and they're yummy
and then Kobe the goal what's the size
14 that's 14 yeah that's pretty
can Shaq's breathing out
yeah yes gonna be good guys these right
here the weight converse man these are
one of my grills I really want these so
bad I used to have these and all the kid
he's like freakin sick cool
yeah I was in to get this one but you
don't want black sneakers
hello southern family hello all right
guys so we just filmed a scene for
sneakerheads
be like part 6 in New York City with
these guys right here
6 6 6 6 6 6 I'm happy I was able to get
a scene in out here I really wanted to
make this episode like spread out like
Bay Area New York LA and I believe put
some we've been waiting to be in the
sneakerheads
be like no you know what I'm saying
Jamie's all day vol 6 is government
agency always spot we secretly go
I hate these New York hi beast man I'm a
happy new who's the biggest nigger head
I'm a big asleep
well you know these sheets come on guys
we won that game again you want both
times I don't have cash you know you
cheated you watch she knows it she watch
cheated what both games which games I
got more remember this nigga guessing
game for the single guessing game I
think like a basketball those comments
on that video so funny boy so
I'm excited man you guys be like part 6
it's gonna be coming out the first week
of September so stay tuned man
we're laughing like Isis comment section
Cox's comment section is brutal vote
every summer go to Cosby I never read
the comments below I don't need the
comments it's funny though guys ever do
alright guys so I have a flight tonight
I'm leaving New York City I'm super
jealous because Slim's going to Monday
Night Raw
yeah yeah you know what I'm saying I'm
excited too bro yeah are they gonna come
bro I'll show you know yes but they were
sold out I wasn't going with you bro
it's just my flight yeah you play
we'll see you soon soon right yeah
definitely well I'm excited for secrets
part 6 when it actually drops oh yeah
instead see that um they might he might
even make an appearance at Steiger con
Atlanta we don't know yet yeah we're
thinking about yeah because I'm we're
gonna be our limo at the time so we
might say and fly out to Atlanta so
yeah we don't bro I might watch it later
but they don't know about it oh I don't
know yet although that they do know they
do know I'm gonna post it on Instagram
tonight alright we'll talk about that
later but anyway
know this dude Adam is crazy man the
light is red you can't you can't walk
across the street I don't see but we
just walk ok no tourists only tourists
don't walk
Adam is there you sighs ma'am and big
problems ah
so are you so nice every time I go here
kids are you doing stretch that out and
work it's a nice China it's a home so
for some reason New York City allows
some girls to stand in the middle of
Times Square's Times Square with their
boobies painted naked like their butt
naked and only thing they have is
American flags painted over their food
so I don't want I've shown it before in
my vlog when I was out here but I don't
want to go over there because you got to
give them money to take a picture and
 all right
yeah but I'll show you from a distance I
don't want my video to be an aspartic
avoid or I can cut it I'll just watch I
like to look in it like this all right
guys so I am about to head back to my
hotel grab my stuff the next time I'll
be back in New York City is actually I
think it's going to be for sneaker con
in November so November 5th and 6th I'll
be here but maybe I'll be come before
then I don't know yet have a safe flight
back Callie yeah see you back in New
York City and it's gonna be turn up
again we go we want to say anything that
was that
but uh we'll see you guys soon all right
guys so I'm about to head towards the
airport right now I got all my bags and
things like that and then I realized
that the freaking chair that they gave
me at SummerSlam I don't know what to do
with it so I was gonna leave it at the
hotel and have a friend pick it up
tomorrow and then ship it to me but the
hotel was like no we have to charge you
to leave it here and I was just like man
I literally come and I stay at this
hotel every time I'm here like this is
my go-to hotel you guys can't look out
for me and he's like not we have to
charge you it's things like that that
really ticked me off and it's like man
customer service after you you know I
pay for a room here every single time
I'm at the Rowe hotel and Times Square
by the way I don't think I'll come back
here after things like that it's just
you know it after you know I'm not to be
a dick or anything like that but you
know you want to be taken care of when
you give your money to someone you know
I'm saying and Times Square is not a
cheap place to stay you know what I'm
saying so
it kind of sucks that they don't look
out for their customers but whatever I
don't get to take home this collector's
item now because I don't know what else
to do because yeah
so kind of sucks but I gotta try to
figure it out man
alright guys so I just got the JFK I'm
gonna see if I can check in the
SummerSlam chair it might get a little
damaged but I mean it's better than just
leaving it here New York City again
you've been amazing thank you so much
for another great time I was literally
at the security gate getting checked and
French Montana was on the opposite side
of me like right next to me getting
checked too we both got our things in
and we both walked out at the same time
and I was like what's good French and
there's like what's up and then I was
like yo can I get a quick pic and he was
like hold on let me find out what my
gate is and then I was like yeah no
worries his boy came he's like 24 gate
24 so they see looked at him and he said
all right run with me
so I literally ran with him to his gate
there was nobody at his gate and he got
to the gate and then he checked in and
he just turned around and he took a
quick pic and he and then the guys like
you know you have two minutes to get on
the plane I just wanted to get a pic
with French Montana for the gram one
time fill me for the snap one time
what is life you filming hopefully my
WWE chair is doing okay
