you
New York I'm here I got to New York City
at about 6:00 a.m.
and while I got to the hotel around 6:00
6:30 a.m. and I took a nap and then I
started editing the vlog from yesterday
and now it's almost uploaded so I can
finally leave my room
it is currently 2:30 p.m. so I'm gonna
go enjoy New York City for about 2 hours
yeah let's go have a great day all right
so basically I tweeted out if anybody
wants to help me get pablo merch in any
of the 21 cities that they're doing the
pop-up shop and a few of you guys did
help me out one of the homies was
actually in new york and he hooked me up
and i just met up with him like an hour
ago and i got the new york one I feel
like Pablo on the back so I'm actually
gonna go grab some pizza with him
because he's like you know what I want
to take you to my favorite pizza spot
it's on me I'm not gonna pass some free
pizza so so yeah that's what I'm about
to go right now we're gonna go grub and
then probably hit up a few sneaker shops
in Times Square so also shout out to Mac
Park because I caught this off with them
before I left it's the Los Angeles
pop-up shop hoodie and I know it's
purple but you know it's okay
I like to look like Barney sometimes
what's going on guys so we are finally
oh shit feels good to be back over here
I'm with the homie what's good
he is my Pablo plug he was in the line
yesterday so he actually got me that
shirt so appreciate you man nor Colin
broke no I got you oh yeah he actually
has his own YouTube channel too so you
want to give him your YouTube channel GC
kicks some of you guys already saw me
from the food collection oh yeah he was
on coop collection so I'm back again
oh maybe actually I might go yeah what's
up everyone I love this channel man I
appreciate everything man I'm a sneaker
head myself because of this guy right
here I'll watch the show all the sudden
got thumbs on hey I love my ease ease on
the crib hey Empire Madison Square
Garden
your favorite pizza spot yesterday sir
the secret becomes mine right across the
street from Madison Square Garden I like
that already you know you're lucky that
all pizza tastes good so oh wow
we got options what is this chicken all
right guys so the homie did not
disappoint he brought me to a fire pizza
place it's got that authentic New York
City pizza vibe to it so I appreciate it
alright guys so just got done eating now
it's time to go do what we do best buy
some sneakers hopefully we'll see I
don't know yet
we are pulling up to flight 23 this is
the first flight 23 right yeah in
America nice alright let's go check what
they got every time I come to New York I
end up buying this shoe right here and
then I end up selling it so this might
be the time I actually buy it and
actually keep it all there's no way
anything these are ugly as hell through
the Willy Wonka chocolate factories
right here I like these a lot too but if
this didn't have yellow on it it was
just all Navy it would have been go this
is when they're doing way too much with
Jordan with that with Jordan ones with
this what is this family this looks like
you you broke your ankle and you need an
extra ankle brace my third pair of New
York City Jordan ones but these ones are
keepers now I'm gonna just make sure I
keep these in my collection because I
have the LA ones so it's only right that
I keep the NYC ones you know I'm saying
so as many of you guys remember I
started the series on crew cakes called
sneaker shopping with the crew at the
pop-up shop in uh in New York
I promised the homie that he would be
the person I take sneaker shopping in
New York now we're not gonna do it this
time because I'm only here till tomorrow
but next time I come out we're going to
do that I think it's going to be around
the sneaker con weekend time in New York
City in November and then I'm also going
to pick one more person so I'm going to
do two episodes for New York City
because I mean it's New York City you
know see you soon yeah man thank you for
the video see you when you come in
months November 1 November wait three
month you have a God before you guys go
what you guys know that heist is a very
hardworking person and you got in the
constant slide working day in and day
out and some people don't don't see all
the work that goes into making videos
but you guys should really like I
appreciate what he does and don't give a
whole bunch of hate comments like I
really appreciate what you doing thank
you I appreciate you man take for the
words man I'll see you soon all right
don't mind the AC teller hot in here but
you know I'm gonna go with the wale a6
right here the icy titles for SummerSlam
I actually didn't show you guys
yesterday these but I actually picked
these up from the bin had those fest
these are the these aren't custom these
are the actual ones that came out I
believe oh wait I don't know where they
came out the lighting sucks in here I
think these came out only in a few
places but it's the first ever boost the
ultra boost with the blackout midsole so
as you guys can see the white is still
the boost is still white but they just
painted over it it is time to head to
WWE summerslam in Brooklyn baby let's do
this obviously I can't take this big-ass
camera inside the arena so I'm going to
be rockin with my g7 X today and also I
haven't even mentioned SeatGeek but
shout out to C key because you know
they're the reason why I'm here today so
thank you see geek again for these
tickets if you guys don't know C geek is
the number one place to get tickets it
takes all the websites and puts them
together in one place so you can know
when you're getting the best deal for
the best value and that's why they give
it a grade like for instance the tickets
that I have today which are second row I
would give those an A+ but um see geek
grades the tickets and let you know if
you're getting a steal or a good deal or
whatever it is but we'll talk more about
C geek later because I'm running late
and I want to be there early so yeah
shout out to see key appreciate you guys
download link is in the description box
down below no I can't wrestle why
because I'm not strong it's wrong no
maybe one day but now right now not big
enough
yeah not big enough I'll tell you 510
Jenny can make it yeah you know who the
Rockettes mmm the rock I don't watch
this show long term nice to watch like
maybe 20 years coke oven I know him here
all toga Buchan that's good he was
bidding every business
what's going on guys just pulled up to
SummerSlam I don't know I think I was
filming me I'm about to get some merch
right now but get the SummerSlam t-shirt
for sure
all of a sudden fast what's up bro I
like that shirt got my SummerSlam
t-shirt so that booth over there is
hella crowded and then there's like
literally no one over here so I walked
over here that's my that's my briefcase
fam that's my briefcase all right guys
so I'm not ahead inside right now super
excited bro this has WrestleMania vibes
to it
they got all the belts over here
are good here tell me Sam is about to
start up in less than two minutes
shouts Iggy quickly seats man
Oh
Rollins
the World Championship match
Dolph Ziggler way
horrible ending
go
Oh
Oh
all right guys so as you can tell I am
back in my hotel room and the lighting
is just sexy anyway SummerSlam
it was a great I had a great time it was
a great event the best match of the
night was John Cena and AJ Styles Roman
reigns versus rusev didn't even start I
wanted rusev to win but it didn't even
start because they had like a brawl
outside which was dumb as fuck because
this is SummerSlam it's supposed to be
the second biggest pay-per-view of the
year Randy Orton versus Brock Lesnar the
match is great it was going good Brock
Lesnar does a million suplexes Randy
Orton out of nowhere RKO him and then in
the middle of the Ring Brock Lesnar
starts punching Randy Orcutt or in and
from where I'm sitting I'm giving you my
point of view from where I'm sitting
he's giving him a few punches and they
look fake as fuck and then he gives him
an elbow which kind of like slides over
his head and then he gives them a second
elbow that just goes BAM and you can see
it make straight contact immediately you
see blood leaking they ended a match
there and that's the main event of the
second biggest pay-per-view of the year
why would they end it like that so
obviously that wasn't plan for all the
people that are currently commenting all
wrestling's fake its fake its fake
I will show you the video yes wrestling
is fake it is planned it out it's
scripted they don't really hit each
other they practice moves but you can't
tell me this is fake
that second elbow imagine getting hit
with that man but anyway yeah that
pissed me off it didn't end the way I
wanted it to end it's whatever man still
had a good time still enjoyed it and now
I'm in my hotel is currently 12:30 a.m.
got it thanks Iggy for you know sending
me to SummerSlam if you guys don't know
see geek is like the number one place to
buy ticket you know it gives you grades
based on like whether you're getting a
good deal or not you know you can use my
promo code guys get yourself a little
discount and a redeem code you can enter
that on the me tab yeah man shoutout to
seat geek man it is obviously when it
comes to like promoting certain stuff
you know I would only promote if I
honestly mess with the product and I
actually you know believe in it so I
wouldn't just sell you guys bullshit so
when I talk about Sikhi you know it's
it's legit so I'm honestly probably just
going to stay in my room for the rest of
the night wake up early I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another video and I
and out
