praise ya actually sell in the back of a
car on a bumper sticker yeah I'm just
trying to gain perspective when it's
easy to neglect it I'm tired of always
acting I'd rather write a directed ain't
no way around it ain't no sense in being
selective I know just got to Santa
Monica it is a beautiful Friday I
started the day out really bad last
night I noticed that there were some
charges on my on my debit card that I
don't remember making so I contacted my
bank oh well I contacted my bank and
somebody's been using my credit card as
a fraud so my card got charged so yeah
so they blocked out my debit card so I
got scammed
I got scammed femme alright kicks in
this bitch so you have me and part cakes
out here in Santa Monica I'm gonna get
some food do some shopping and just hang
out have a great Friday right you know
you all of a sudden fam singing to me
I could do that where we out to fan will
be doing right now right now we're
looking on Chauncey nmds we're doing it
for the crew cooking for them
yeah yeah we're going to chance to go
see if they have any nmds I know they
got like an exclusive colorway Commons
gonna get a few pairs so that he can put
it on the crew kicks for sale Instagram
la skater kids rock on
like damn they still has those here
I freaking waited 40 minutes in line for
these and they're still here but this is
like a big ass yeah I got this doesn't
watch my vlogs all of a sudden these are
sick right here naked be ultra boost I
never seen these before but I like these
and then all the NMD colors shout-out to
champs for not sending me these but they
send them to other youtubers I was
lowkey salty but it's okay I'm honestly
getting sick of seeing these Jordans
everywhere all these Jordans the dopest
one that they have is the champs
exclusive one hello but they only have
this one in kids size 6 I really wanted
to get these ones are pretty dope these
ones are pretty dope too but I might be
buying some other shoes today so I don't
want to buy these yet
let's just say kiks kiks kiks party
kitchen there's a wild butterfly in
front of me
resellers you like top resellers get a
good picture yeah
check out these adidas flip-flops right
here this is hella comfortable
hella good materials I don't know how
much they go for them into the price tag
it is the easy tag right here are these
easy slippers like what is this all of a
sudden
the VC idea
I'll dismiss them let's just say it's a
blessing new word it's a blessed fire
cakes out here reselling resellers be
like part one Ahmed said you guys are
gonna hate on him I don't think I was
gonna hate on him you know you can't
knock the hustle even I'm a sneakerhead
and I respect resellers you know why
because without the resell game there
would be no hype like look at the
Jordans like they're all just sitting on
shelves and we don't appreciate them
because they're not selling out because
the resellers ain't selling it because
Jordans mass-producing it you feel me
it's all a game you know if it wasn't
for the resellers there would be no
secret head who was it for the resellers
there would be no fire cakes hey why is
it that the reseller always got on some
vans or got on some Chuck Taylors or
something like that why are you here huh
they never actually got on the heat was
a good bro what's that
shout to a Z Z all of a sudden all the
study with monthly pickups oh yeah yeah
yeah when I used to live in the old LA
apartment that's a long shot so how to
hang out out guys have to do the dads
all all of a sudden shout out to the kid
who said that girlfriend cheated on him
with his best friend big
I'm still here huh I'm still here doc oh
yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah yeah let's do it
alright guys so we just came up with the
deal so on
I made my cheese channel this will
always exposes me I never show you guys
what I eat but this fool right here I
think this is me 34 hold on for a minute
my Nutella crepe hold on he's always
trying to expose me so I just got
Nutella crepe he doesn't think I'm about
it but I told him I can be about it so
he's issued me a little challenge
there's no win or lose if you can help
me lose 15 pounds like September 21st I
will buy you Easy's if you do yeah if
you don't help me then I'm just a
complete fail yeah but the thing is you
have to listen it was it yeah yeah we're
gonna be my personal trainer the world
that's my reward to you for helping me
it's I want to lose it I want to yeah
there you go there we go guys do you
guys think I can do it in 30 days about
30 days September 21st 15 pound 10 to 15
pounds
no 15s got to be the goal gee I gotta go
hard that's just I'm going to
New York I can't have New York Pizza oh
nothing you can we got a lot of work to
do okay all the people recently you have
about an hour and a half that's how I
give my tease hour and a half the
business is booming you keep going but
if it's not you return it this is the
light day in the life of a reseller
honestly bruh I can't resist hilarious
if fire kicks is buying right now though
if you guys have pablo merch from the 21
pop-up shops fire kicks is buying retail
all these all right retail I want to
keep some but then I'll look you sell
some too I'm telling you guys the truth
I'm real about it
I'll sell something to give them to me
out of love what happened fam let's just
say even chances trying to mess with the
K didn't let me return it because they
said new releases you out of two days
some like that birthday fake
Dan is all for sale one I guess was it
going abroad back to chance cuz I'm
gonna why would you turn YouTube I think
the best one is like the white one I
like this one like yeah and I like the
red one and this one too plus I'll see
you on Tuesday Wednesday hopefully so I
get back from New York have fun let's
just say Phoenix it's gonna be hot New
York's even gonna be hotter but remember
you on your diet taste Lent I'm gonna
cheat like I'm not with you thing course
all right guys it's been a minute since
I've been to the Burbank mag park they
got a key master here
Mickey's here we just discussing a few
plans we got some things coming or what
we do
Mac Park when your anniversaries come
around the corner
let's just say a sample life is over
focus
damn guys is crazy one year the stores
only been open for a year and look how
much damage they did in a year right
yeah as we never thought we'd be here
and we're super humbled and just
grateful to everybody supports as well
two locations all like one and a half
location yeah
one and a half are we gonna get another
one two and a half coming soon yes
yeah we can't talk about that too much
but anyway though me and Mickey are
trying to plan the also on top of the
mac park one-year anniversary it's also
the crew kicks one-year anniversary so
me and him are coming up with something
dope I can't tell you guys too much
about it but it will be in Los Angeles
on September 24th like I told you guys
and I'm gonna tell you guys you guys
better be prepared a whole bunch of
stuff's going on I'm like busy every
weekend which is a blessing you know
saying we leave to Phoenix in the
morning what you got going on this
weekend work work I'm gonna relax
everybody that you had follow me
now they know they'll know what you were
talking about this weekend oh man yeah
you definitely set the bar high with
that was hit me on that snap
Mickey wore a mic awar it's it was it
was a fun week yeah and I don't even say
that for the whole weekend guys but I'm
never going to Vegas without this guy it
was a good time it was a good time and
uh it's it's only the start let's just
say we ain't waiting in no lines when it
comes to being with Mickey VIP entrance
only DJ booth no wonder these fan I got
these on the fella is there the
creamsicles hang all these dumps and
 I don't know about I know
these are the Heinekens right
hello guys look at this bomber jacket
right here this is freaking fire I want
to have a son just so I can frickin fit
them out in this type of right here
family got hella and I'm DS here what is
this year I was trying to figure out
what shoe I want to wear to the event
tomorrow so I'm trying to show up you
know I'm saying like I'm not just trying
to show up in some ultra boost you know
I'm saying so this is one of the options
right here you know raging bulls that
red suede sexiest foot shadow ones you
guys know our loved ones and I don't
have these I've never actually I did
have these before but they're like a
size 12 and I sold them but like a swag
bitch all right guys so today was an
eventful day I got a lot of done I
didn't upload crew cakes
I'm gonna go edit it and upload it right
now even though it's late promise you
guys starting next week no more miss
days on crew cakes like it's freakin
time to polish it out I don't know what
the that means
power this down man I need to I'm
back on it today with good vibes and it
motivated me guys alright so next week
on crew cakes no more miss videos the
Atlanta sneaker caught an announcement
this Sunday Phoenix tomorrow I'm gonna
be already there by the time you guys
are watching this SummerSlam on Sunday I
need to hit half a million subscribers
on this channel crew TV and you know how
i do that daily vlogging so from this
point on no more bush this is it i made
this decision every single day from here
on out i'm gonna try my hardest to give
you guys a vlog and if you're excited as
i am hit that thumbs up if you don't
believe that i'm gonna do it it's okay
we don't need that i'm
prove you guys wrong this is it y'all I
hope you guys are ready I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog in
Phoenix I'm out of here
thought of letting go gives me peace of
mind
cuz you never know what you're really
fine I've been on the road I've been
wasting time I've been in my zone I'll
be just fine
some say take a leap of faith
