good girl
appreciate all you guys patience and
waiting do wa not as far as the whole
trip boost that's releasing today and
we're going to have the goal in the
silver pack looking right with you in a
moment are going to talk to these folks
and we're gonna bring you up and then
the gold is finished so we kept us on
all right we attended huh
let's in knocking this over right
I don't know about that whether you
commute to me so unfortunately I didn't
get the gold Olympic ultra boost because
the guy in front of me brought his
girlfriend and they decided to snag up
the last two pairs which wasn't even
their size because I'm pretty sure his
girl don't wear a size 12 that's how the
sneaker game goes but I got the silver
ones all morning I've been craving some
Jamba Juice so imma go get me some
give a little Jamba Juice make sure you
get that toasted waffle
yeah it just say we started from humble
beginnings hi guys so this is what I'm
doing right now so basically are you dad
yeah
then let's somebody gave me this in
Vegas but he wasn't around
damn it sexy girlfriend is failing
reflected good so as you guys know we
did not complete every show on the tour
so we have we missed three shows North
Carolina North Carolina San Francisco
you missed Vegas that signal wrong we
didn't miss Toronto but like yeah yeah
so Toronto we got shut down so we didn't
get to sell merch North Carolina we
canceled San Francisco we cancelled and
Phoenix we got shut down early so
basically we do have leftover box sets
and we do have leftover tour teas so
what we're doing right now is Farook is
gonna pick up the forties and the extra
box set stuff tonight and take it back
to Sacramento with him and then we're
actually gonna throw it online so this
Sunday all the extra tour merchandise
will be sold online so if you missed out
in in North Carolina Toronto Phoenix San
Francisco or any other City if for some
reason you couldn't make the tour and
you want to pick some stuff up it will
be online but it's very very limited we
only have about three maybe like five
boxes left and that's everything and
shout out to the homie who gave me this
shirt in Vegas
all of a sudden Supreme High Priest Oh
18 so what's up with this so far gone
challenge like I don't know what it's
about am I supposed to rap about a
certain subject or something like that
but I'm gonna try to attempt it right
now because you boy got free I don't
know man
y'all underestimated you all don't know
that the kid got freestyles you know I'm
saying the kid can flow
templated shit YouTube's messing up my
vibe
yeah but the lighting up in here I look
so fat in a white tee that's why I'm
always wearing black up in here I still
I'm underrated I still cannot debate it
I am the best in the sneaker game you
can't relate bitch y'all know imma put
it down y'all know I'm the man around
and every time I come around your girl
she'd be like falling down she fainted
on me know that I got flows for days
this is a freestyle of haters will say
that it's fake oh shit I even surprise
myself sometimes I love my crew I love
my dude I love the people watching this
even if you dumped it down you know
you're still watching bitch where's the
fucking Pokemon I don't touch that shit
don't the only thing I catches checks to
the fucking Bank bro all right man I
tried to talk shit right there you know
saying sometimes when you're freestyling
you can you can talk your shit you know
I'm saying I'm I doesn't mean a lot of
the stuff I said you feel me I won't
pull up on nobody I'm saying like this
is it okay all right thanks freestyle
challenge
what's going on guys we are at Danny's I
was in say Disneyland we are a dead rat
I hop where I hop by Disneyland and you
know we're just grabbing a nice
breakfast
because I'm not gonna see her for a
couple weeks so a disclaimer just that
she's not in the vlogs for the next few
meet wheat doesn't mean we're not
friends and we have beef so be ok so
yeah we're going to enjoy this breakfast
and big fat asses but I promise this is
the last fat meal right
legit I've been in traffic for the past
three hours guys I'm literally falling
asleep after today unless it's like a
quick drive I'm not driving at all for
the next two three weeks
Saturday so I'm going to be doing
Saturday at that bin had those fast and
then Sunday I'm gonna be in New York for
SummerSlam and then Monday I'll just be
in New York hanging out so it's still
gonna be a fun weekend man I love
traveling I don't have to control the
plane so I could just at least sleep on
the plane so that's a good thing
all right guys so I just got home and
I've literally been on the phone for the
past eight thirty minutes with USPS I
was supposed to get two packages today I
got one of them which was from FedEx so
I got one FedEx package right there
which is the a6 that I unboxed on my on
cookies yesterday and then I was
supposed to get another pair of sneakers
that I actually picked up off eBay then
what wasn't really through eBay I found
them through eBay and then we've been
contacting each other we did it through
PayPal and he shipped it up with USPS um
and it says it was delivered but it's
not here so I've been talking on the
phone with USPS trying to figure out if
they delivered it to the wrong building
there's no slip saying it was attempted
to deliver it it literally says if you
look at the thing it says delivered on
the freakin tracking number this is one
of the struggles that have actually
dealt with before it happened one time
before a few years ago with some Kobe
IDs of mine I ordered two pairs of Kobe
IDs yeah hopefully shows up I'm honestly
dead tired and I need to take a quick
nap so I'll check in with you guys that
you guys know what happened hopefully
this doesn't get pretty ugly what's
really Gucci guys so I've been sleeping
man my head was pounding after I got
home I did drop the full version of the
so far gone challenge on Vimeo and the
reason why don't just upload it to
YouTube is because there's a lot of
copyright reasons that people are like
oh don't monetize it but even if you
don't
monetize it it can still get flagged
because it's still not your own content
you know what I'm saying so I did link
it down below if you want to watch the
whole thing and basically there is no
sign of my package the USPS did call me
click two hours ago and they just were
like yo they'd let me deliver it to the
right place you have to file a stolen
claim or something like that and
obviously it's not the sender's fault
obviously it's not USPS s fault
obviously it's not my fault it's just
one of those shit happens
scenario I was kind of embarrassed to
tell you guys what she was in there
because it's kind of it was pricey so
basically the shoe was a Jordan one that
cost me uh $1,200 and it was the
fragment Jordan one so it is actually a
Jordan one that I've been wanting for a
minute now and I don't have it anymore
so I took an L but it's okay it's a
learning experience it's just a
materialistic item life goes on
I'm not gonna let it crap out my day or
my week or anything like that because
I've got a great weekend ahead and it's
just a pair of sneakers man even though
I obsess over all those shoes and and
everything like that it's just the pair
of sneakers you know a million more will
come well not a million but a lot more
will come so yeah that's it man I'm
gonna end the vlog here and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog
you
