I'll sign them over now my best friend
right here guys
his name's David whether I say anything
or not people are gonna start rumors and
they're gonna say stuff so I just rather
address it now than ever you're on I'm
saying because I in the past I would
have just ignored it and moved on and
hoped it died down and I kind of still
hope for that but you know I'm just
gonna address it because it kinda has
been bothering me but anyway like start
things off man I've been doing YouTube
since 2007 I started doing vlogs since
2012 you know my first vlog was in
Toronto it was in the six you can go
watch that it's actually yeah it's the
second video I uploaded to this channel
crew TV so if you want to go watch that
vlog number one in Toronto but anyway
basically man throughout the years you
guys have seen a lot of faces on this
channel and on my other channels as well
at the end of the day I have nothing but
love for everybody that's been on any of
my channels or who has helped me with
anything or who has been a part of crew
TV now crew TV is my life so it's
basically all real it's not like
anything fake it's who I really hang out
with it's who I really you know spend my
time with and throughout the years you
know faces have changed locations have
changed and you don't see the same faces
so basically like I was saying is like I
don't have a problem with anybody that
you don't see anymore it's like Harris
you guys don't see him in the vlogs
anymore but you know how much how close
we are you know how much love I have for
him but unfortunately he lives in the
Bay I live in LA you know hold on let me
cover my arm because it looks like I'm
sooo so fatter than I already a.m. yeah
so like like Harris like he'd the reason
why he's not in the vlogs anymore is
because I live in LA and he lives in the
base so it's just like you don't you
don't you don't see him anymore that
doesn't mean we have a problem it's just
he's not in the vlogs Lee I'm in LA you
know I'm saying so anytime somebody
stops appearing in the vlogs
consistently you guys think I have a
problem with them what's the beef now I
know what you guys are thinking with the
recent situation is
like you don't see the plug anymore but
you know there is no beef there I have
no problems whatsoever you know it's
just that sometimes you know people do
get distant you know sometimes you know
I've been busy you know I'm saying I've
been on I've been on the tour and I'm
back I just came back from Vegas and
then this weekend I'm going to Phoenix
and you know I'm saying it's like people
do their own things you know I'm saying
that everybody is you know their career
isn't on Cru TV they're just my friends
and they happen to be on good TV because
I hang out with them time to time what
we do things together so you know
whether it's recent friends past friends
like I can even take it back to like
Yousaf like I haven't spoke on him in
years now but everybody till this day
still tweets me like what's going on
with you two how come you guys don't
work together how come you guys don't
hang out people tweet us you know me and
him I've had our differences but I still
got so much respect for him and now I
might have talked a little bit of shit
he might have talked a little bit shit
but we as we got older like it doesn't
matter man at the end of the day I
respect his hustle you know we came into
this thing together like he was one of
the first people to ever help me with my
youtube and then when he started his
YouTube I supported it and you know it
grew people as soon as they stopped
seeing us in each other's like bogs or
whatever it was people thought we had
problems and it's not like that like
honestly I mean even though we have like
grown apart and we don't talk to each
other doesn't mean we have beef you know
I'm saying he actually texted me like a
week ago which you know to me it was
just like it was like a sign of respect
of him texting me even though we haven't
talked it was just like thank you I told
him thank you I appreciate it you know
the end of the day I have no problem and
I am over that whole beef thing just
like you know we don't hang out so fuck
you it's not gonna it's not like them
and it says all mutual lovin I don't
want you guys to think I'm out here
cutting people out of my life and shit
no it's just you know people grow apart
people become distance but
but that doesn't mean you got beef with
them you know what I'm saying so it is
what it is man
so yeah and I'm going to probably take a
nap in my car
