what's going on guys so I'm about to
leave my hotel I'm still in Vegas I went
to a pool party earlier at on for Beach
Club EBC he was cool so I'm just gonna
head back to LA that's gonna be my day
pretty much and I look like a
construction worker with this Paris
con you sure not so save your comments
to yourselves alright guys so on the way
home from Vegas really close to Vegas is
a premium outlet mall and I thought I'd
stop by just so I can check it out you
know get some vlog footage for you guys
so I'm not just in my car all day and
hopefully see if we can get some steals
because there's an adidas outlet here
there's a Nike outlet here it's
currently 7 o'clock I think the mall
closes at 8:00 so we got an hour or so
so guess who's with me now go to the
Nike factory store first
you know this outlet is a huge
disappointment nothing at all he must
learn Hey look it they got good wooden
this one battery charger looks like you
you guys this whole mall pretty much
really sucks there's not even good deals
like they were trying to charge $40 for
a Nike t-shirt man I'm never coming to
this damn mall again they don't even
have an adidas I had it all figured out
I was gonna take off the easies on my
feet and put them on the shelf and then
do clickbait they got Easy's I ID'd this
outlet and they just ruined all my game
plan so I'm never coming to this mall
again they just dammit I'm gonna write
it man yeah that's what I get for trying
to trick everybody what's going on guys
it's currently 6:30 a.m. I believe
something like that I don't know super
or the past two days I've literally been
just sitting in my room finally like
finally catching up on life man actually
clean my room and like do my laundry and
like reply to emails and do all this
stuff that I should have done but I was
just drained you know what I'm saying
like that tour took a lot out of me but
it was worth it part of what I do so I
can't complain you know but just staying
at home it's hard to vlog sometimes
because I don't do you know it's
all like laying in bed and cleaning and
things like that so there's a lot of
major decisions I need to make within
the next two months I'm excited
show you guys all of them it's almost
been a year since I moved back to LA for
anybody who's like kind of new to this
journey of mine I am gonna refresh like
everything until you guys the whole
story about me moving out here and how
this is the third time I moved to LA
before I finally started to work for me
and all that stuff so hopefully I don't
bore you with all the talking today but
I look like a fog right now but it's all
good so this coming October will be the
one it will be one year since I moved to
LA and when I first moved to LA like it
wasn't all smooth sailing man like it
took me two months to find a place to
live and I was living off of Hammad's
couch two hotels - my car - like rental
cars - like back and forth from the bay
to LA just to be out here and it was a
struggle man but I did what I had to do
to make it happen
and it was the best decision of my life
it was actually the third time that I
attempted to move to LA the first two
times I was out here for a few months
and I just I didn't have what it took
you know I'm saying I wasn't motivated I
I was scared and then finally that third
time came I'm like yo this is it like
it's either I stay in the Bay Area and I
quit YouTube and I just live a normal
life nine-to-five and be miserable or I
you know give this thing one more chance
and I did it you know what I'm saying
and it was the best decision of my life
and I I'm so out being grateful and um
this past year has been a freaking
blessing man and I'm just so grateful of
every opportunity God has given me and
all the work we put in and the audience
we've built and my crews you know had my
back and help me out throughout the
whole thing I chose this over
friendships and I chose this over like
family time but you know if I want to
put food on the table for my family if
you know if I wanted to be able to take
care of my parents you know I had to do
this you know I had to be away I had to
take this risk and it was the best
decision I could have made and I don't
regret it at all but now it's to the
point where like this is I mean
obviously this isn't a huge decision but
it's my personal decision do I want to
stay at the apartment that I'm at or do
I want to get a new apartment something
a little nicer in a different area
somewhere in LA I do have a roommate
right now which I'm 100% cool with and
I've never actually showed him in the
vlogs but like I'm just like do I wanna
you know it's been a year do I want to
get my own place now cuz back then like
when I first moved to LA I couldn't get
my own apartment I tried like I didn't
have enough money to get an apartment I
didn't have it any credit like I
couldn't do you know I'm saying I
had to find a roommate I had to do what
I had to do to be out here and I'm so
grateful that I got to live where I'm at
right now and this the where I'm at
right now means the world to me like
when I think about that apartment in
that room and that mattress on the floor
that's been there for a year
grinding out not buying a bed frame
because in back of my head I said I'm
not gonna buy a bed frame until I have
my own apart
that's when we're gonna say we made it
you know I'm saying so
I'm grateful for all that you know I'm
saying so I just got to decide like what
I want to do you know I feel like
getting my own apartment would be like
it's like a stamp you know like you're
in LA resident now you know say you're
not just trying to make it out here you
are doing it out here you're you're
you're taking what you love and you
turned it into something positive and
you're actually you know making a career
out of it so I'm sorry if this lighting
is really bad the Sun is just like like
random is fugly god damn so that's that
and then I need to tell you guys what's
going on so actually this Saturday I
just announced that I'm gonna be in
Phoenix for the bin had those fast so if
you're in Phoenix make sure you guys
come it's totally free admission
originally I was supposed to fly to New
York Saturday and spend a day in New
York but you know the bin had those
family reached out to me and they really
wanted me to come to the bin had those
fests in Phoenix so I'm gonna be there
Saturday from 12:00 to 7:00 p.m. it's
free admission come hang out with me I'm
not gonna be selling merch or anything
like that because it's so last-minute
but I will be there to hang out with you
guys and have a good time you know the
Phoenix show for the just family tour
did originally get shut down early so
this is kind of like me making up for
that so if you want to come hang out
with me let's have a good time I'm
literally gonna fly into Phoenix do the
event and then
after the event flight in New York sleep
wake up Sunday in New York Brooklyn
SummerSlam Sunday afternoon and then
next weekend is so I could did his
birthday so I'm going to the Bay Area
for that unfortunately we did cancel the
last stop on the just family tour which
was San Francisco Bay Area it was just a
group decision and we will be making up
for it in the near future so stay tuned
with information about that September
17th is Atlanta sneaker con which I've
been hyping up out to ass and all I can
say is they've tuned I'm gonna be making
that announcement this weekend so stick
to my YouTube and Instagram I'm gonna
make the huge announcement what's the
big hype about it sneaker con Atlanta
wisely Grantland and stinking con
Atlanta gonna be on a different level
than anything I've done before and then
that weekend after that on September
24th wait hold on take a back track so
on September 20th is the one-year
anniversary of the channel crew kicks my
sneaker channel I couldn't be happier it
is ten times bigger than I imagined it
would be and I want to celebrate and for
the one-year anniversary I'm gonna start
I'm gonna do something special so since
the 20th of September falls on a Tuesday
I believe
I'm gonna be doing the celebration for
it on the following Saturday which is
September 24th so on September 24th I'm
gonna be doing the one-year anniversary
of crew kicks event I'm not gonna tell
you guys what I'm doing I'm not just
gonna do a straight-up meet-and-greet
we're gonna be doing something a little
bit different I'm gonna be giving away
sneakers good sneakers I'm still
planning it so I'm not gonna get to tell
you guys the full information on that so
la I know I've done like three events
this year in LA so you guys are probably
sick of me
but I can promise you that this one
isn't gonna be huge because it's the
one-year anniversary for cupcakes baby
and I couldn't
celebrated in a better place in the city
which in the city that changed my life
Los Angeles so save the date la
September 24th we're celebrating and by
the way
September 21st is my birthday so it's a
crew kicks one year anniversary slash my
birthday celebration be there
