okay so we are here at the UN Luke urban
necessities Vegas you know I'm saying
I'm going to shut it down shut it down
cuz as you guys can see from that row
right there those are all the $40 shoes
there's gonna be a lot of hecticness
here today freakin keymaster with a
freakin $20,000 shoe in it I don't know
if this one's a $1 play but that freakin
M&M for is freakin worth like 20,000 and
then not to mention the Air Mags sitting
right beside it you know just another
day huh another day in the life so the
event is actually in the store and
outside the store so let's go ahead take
a look outside the store it's like a
mini sneaker car all of a sudden now
there are shoes on shoes on shoes a
whole bunch of people
says 10 $450 for these right here guys
hello put those right back down I'm not
going to pay $450 for ultra boost
for me roof about to go in on this
basketball one-on-one but Lucy unless it
was gonna thank you better lose no I can
let me show you that stroke oh by the
way guys I got my LV Kanye's on feet
today
my feet are already hurting but we'll
get through the day breath kill you
kiddo how now it's one one the winner
gets this dollar oh my god you guys see
this ring you can see this it's official
winning looks like how did you do you
took my technique that's why I let's
just say cheating
so the doors are officially open it's
going to be ten out of time but they're
setting up the lines 15 out of time 15
out of time
another beautiful day in paradise baby
everybody's going picking it at the $40
table right now let's go see who got
these you got the easy boy in the
register you know you're paying us up
bitches
he was actually fourth bro I'll start
your turn you got the easy here man
bleep a nicely I got 60 for you right
now 55 we got a deal
all of a sudden Feb 14 person in line
got the EZ it's not even the first year
the first unit is there I'm dead I'm
watching you guys since uh you guys had
a hundred so you know repping the dream
crew preciate you man dang what the
oh the sinner also then I've been a big
fan that's one case of really one kid no
way yes way I'm with Channel oh no way
yes okay crew kicks crew TV of course
preacher
go get your $40 sneaker of course I if I
win Eminem's also give you a thousand
right
I can make $10,000 off that shoe right
now
shout out to my friend jerk in a
firefight in order so far to me
subscribe to me at grandpa's equine next
upcoming big gaming man yeah stay tuned
cut out to my ex-girl
forgetting with my best friend no oh I'm
still here I'll stay here da o house of
a shoutout ever met
shoutout to Harris also to hear you all
of a sudden recipes Harris y'all bro can
we take a picture
well you must Wednesday food cakes
cookies emoji or necessities who's this
I heard about the Texas thank you for my
friend on the mark yeah guys gonna make
it because he had to go to the perfet
dip the world thank you I got a homies
shout out from our manager eats a
shout-out to case shoutout to Kanye West
the goat brother and dad for being here
shatter like ice for coming through
Santos in boys simple boys incident
Simba like Lion King dr. Callisto
Southside soothe Aaron and Vegas general
to that the peach laces hey I want to
give a shout-out to my barber raunchy my
friend Eli girl damn
I wanna shout out my youtube channel
but you just got the box at a already
about to get it signed - you're already
in a major key shout out to Hector Alex
Alejandra man no way
hey guys deseos that's amazing thank you
guys so much a lot I'm gonna let them
say go ahead go ahead guys we got you
tickets to Disneyland for mr. girl and
absolutely you guys do whatever you want
now man the dopest gift / best we
you go ahead Shia hold first of all
sorry to cut you off different ye so we
don't have to come visit you soon
because I love Hawaii thank you yeah
alright go ahead boy loves it so shout
out to hate away state or you
sneakerheads no I got heat my car crew
underrated and shot to my girlfriend
it's her birthday today Oh birthday gift
ever
thank you guy should be getting you guys
something you guys are giving me
something like it's my birthday thank
you so much you guys don't know how much
I appreciate this man thank you so much
what's up you guys my name is favor
lysing on youtube and my cousin Manny
decided to beat on some dumb
and bet me that I wasn't gonna meet the
boy right here guys right and if you
guys like GTA gaming or Call of Duty
gaming at all man that's to go follow my
smart channel right yes smart right
there it looks bad looks backward on the
camera but if you guys one of the better
subscribe you know you look like solid
like perfect there no way low-key like a
young version of hair though
hey-oh shots Anthony if I gain the block
he owes me a 50 bucks first of all you
got the shirt and then he got the socks
I love with the easies it's only right
hello shout to my friend Amy shot 2 shot
2 kite I'm so nervous after you I got
everything alone hello hello touch I
just I just want a run up man shout out
to my boy howdy shout out your ties you
know doing a big here in Vegas talk to
me on this ramp lane like watch out to
my boy hi nice to my boy howdy
everybody shout me out in Vegas man just
want to say shout out to Christ shout
out to you when making this happen
shout out a Justin Escalona 1340 on the
come up hey my boy ayo Jani cuz boy we
out here 50 bucks let's just say it
can't be the hype when I mean the beef
then
in that come true family got it bad
shout out to the RAM place TV go check
me out tell the guys appreciate your
appreciation shoulder shirt
lots of red flakes Phil I briefly all of
a sudden frosted frosted flakes very
fast process place a to Jose section and
go to blog and I'm on it now hey shout
out to Josh he could have make it he
broke his ankle and like you know saying
shout-out to Chris you owe me ten bucks
now yo shout-out to Isaac hello oh
oh my god shout out to this guy young
Kobe thanks shoutout to my boys max boy
Angelo Mason short link equal Caleb Ross
Ross swamp oh yeah Oh twenty dollars on
the line here twenty dollars check out
the game shoutout to a guy named I'm
here with Tonya yeah Connie man so I
just played I just beat six five people
on the row and then my man right here
beat me in the basketball game so I gave
him a box set but I got a competitor out
here that y'all might know by doing
right here we go for three we catching
out on it
no bad boy come on Finn no bad for you
say no reaction video Oh bad boy say no
reaction
come on Andy I don't have ready 20 point
blower they cheated me and we we were
tie until the last like 10 seconds man
what happened hey yo my dude killed me
Ricky Smith 5230 it was a slowing switch
not good man you made your point
he shot my easiest family can I sleep on
your easy section sleeping bro don't
sleep I don't sleep I just a necessity
stood me up on the internship let me
somewhere
and sudden BAM so it's hairy hey I got
out here all right guys look who's here
hey Vegas had to join us in Vegas for a
nice little date yeah I wasn't gonna
come like today yeah he's here for
agenda and I you know convinced him you
know gotta come a day early we got to
celebrate success tonight Vegas event
was amazing shout out to the UN family
shout out to everybody that came not as
tired as I usually am because it was
more of a chill vibe so now we're going
to go grub relax get some energy up rest
a little bit and then later tonight
we're going to go out that's when the
camera doesn't come along you know what
I'm saying because what happens in Vegas
doesn't end up on the vlog but ends up
on snapchat and yeah snapchat homie on
snapchat
what's your chapter your snapchats
they'll keep popping it's alright yeah
it is popping the contents popping it's
a Mickey War mi ki you're on yeah Soph
almost a chat for me on snapchat hey
crew that's what's up Vegas
creep crew TV crew TV TV a tuna all
right guys so this is Mickey's hotel
room over at the Venetian right my
freaking feet are dead are
probably the most uncomfortable shoe I
have in my collection a la
seven-and-a-half Peter seven and a half
signing
so hotel security told me I couldn't
vlog in the hallways of the hotel so I
came to my room this is where we're
gonna end today's vlog I want to thank
you guys for watching and I want to
thank you guys for your amazing support
man I know that the vlogs have not been
daily they've been like daily daily miss
a day vlog vlog miss a day vlog vlog
vlog it hasn't really been consistently
uploading daily but I'm gonna try to get
back to that so what's next so basically
the no friends just family tour is over
so what's next you asked I am doing a
sneaker event in West Virginia on
September 3rd I believe I'll give you
guys more info on that soon and then the
big big big news that's coming up is
Atlanta sneaker concent September 17th
which I've been hyping up you're not in
Atlanta September 17th I promise you you
want to be there alright I'm out of here
peace
but in the vlog with the view low so
Debbie
