Vegas we here family let's have fun so
this is my hotel I'm staying at the
Cosmo hotel it is by far my favorite
hotel to stay at when I am in Las Vegas
if it's not priced super high this is my
couch area which I probably won't use
this is going to be my editing area this
is going to be my sleeping area and then
this is my also beautiful balcony with
very quiet either right now turn this
down
it's a beautiful day man as you guys can
tell I'm rocking this gold Jordan Jersey
I don't know if I should I'm not going
to a pool party or anything but low-key
kind of swaggy I feel like throwing this
on and going about my day but the chest
hairs is a little longer might have to
trimming down
okay so just walk this trip it's
freaking hot as hell out here I'm about
to go to the Caesars mall right now
where they have like Nike a few high-end
stores H&M all that good stuff you know
your boy might spoil himself you know I
don't deserve it but I always do it I
always forget how beautiful this is
small is
I feel like I'm in allotted you know I
love LV but a lot of their sneakers are
like ripoff of Nikes and Jordans which
is funny to me because they go for like
six seven hundred dollars and then they
don't even rip off the nice Jordans they
rip off like the team Jordans which is
like why why he'd be doing that let's go
to the red bottom store now
those low top black red bottoms were
freakin sexy
I'm gonna sorry I'm really gonna debate
it but I need to check out all the
stores before I buy a pair of sneakers
that expensive yo so we got to go to
this store it is my favorite store right
here Balenciaga
yeah we made it even though it's
probably gonna have the same thing as
every Nike store in the world but it's
Las Vegas
I have not seen you yet and I think I
wanted these are the parade kairi's all
the sudden hairs
what's called the AG
so I tried on those kairi's they look
dope as hell on feet I actually like
them a lot
I'm a big fan of the Kyrie 2 as you guys
know I have a few pairs but I know I can
probably get those later on so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna waste my money on
them right now I feel like I can get
them discounted through Nike somehow
someway I'm gonna go back because I want
to try on those red bottoms because you
know you know we in Vegas you feel me so
it's only right if we splurge out you
your euros are all the sudden paul Blart
well taking you
I thought I was like a boss I was about
to buy pair red bottoms I'm in Vegas
pulled out my card swipe that she got
declined it was all just because I
didn't call my bank and tell them I'm
traveling again so they put a hold on my
bank I just had to call them and then
they're like oh they asked me a few
questions and then they took it off and
I got the shoes so buying red bottoms
all of a sudden fam in Vegas are guys so
I just pulled up to the mall where urban
necessities is that somebody from
Germany came out here just for the
pop-up shop and they put the wrong dates
for their ticket so they're leaving
tomorrow and they're not going to be
able to come to the pop-up shop so I'm
gonna go say what's up to him check out
the inventory they got because you boys
trying to buy some more shoes you feel
me
oh I get a shout out nah no yeah and
Justin is how many times you want the
keymaster eight times eight times you
don't play today tomorrow tomorrow all
right for sure bro all right so my dude
right here is all the way from Germany
what's uh Brahmas ah good the dev
already bro how's your tripping oh so
good I was in LA and being us now and
just me guys damn I feel so good I just
got my you B's there three years
all right so this is gonna go up
tomorrow so for the people who are gonna
be showing up tomorrow you want to show
them some of the stuff that's gonna be
$40 yeah some of this stuff's gonna be
pretty solid some of this so you might
think it's AB but again we got over 100
pairs of shoes that are going to be 40
bucks or less right so we got like
Christmas LeBrons Liberty turns Liberty
ten CDP packs um the good stuffs over
here I'll show them the one that I said
I'm gonna camp for it oh yeah Christ
told me he was camping for this $40
dollar so look at the price and the size
this is gonna be 40 bucks tomorrow whose
are these grapes and uh some of these
cheaters cheaters done stopped threes oh
yeah those Supremes will be 40 bucks
tomorrow
so threes I mean there's a lot of great
stuff here man and we got the first 200
people in line are getting free shirts
first 2,000 people in line are getting
scratch off tickets with prizes
consisting of as little as five bucks
off in the store two free placing on the
heat Locker a free un merch and one
person's getting Easy's for free through
those scratch off tickets yeah I'll be
here too in the corner because all this
all this other stuff is way better than
me 40 bucks 40 bucks bro that's crazy
I've never seen any other sneaker shop
sell this much heat for 40 bucks this is
crazy man y'all breaking records out
here South Beach and the thing is like
these are their great sizes and goods
and a lot of these are I mean I know
this one's worn but a lot of those shoes
that we're selling in this in this patch
are brand new or if you need some uses
we we got you but you say 40 bucks
though these are 40 only that one is
all right guys so I'm about to play the
original key master the heat Locker
right now at UN they got some crazy
stuff in here two pairs and bags
MNM fours a whole bunch of Easy's which
I think I'm gonna go for and more easy
down here what should I go for ahh
I will say let's go for those I'm gonna
force we go for the big jackpot today
huh C's likes to hit homeruns she
doesn't believe in batting average that
could just be swing
this is too quiet years
oh my god holy Sh look how many people
what question hey it's not for you
brother somebody I got a walk of shame
if this guy wears I'm gonna be pissed I
had a great time at U n it was getting a
little crazy so I had to get out of
there because the craziness starts
tomorrow not today so anyway I'm
currently eating a $40 quesadilla at the
Cosmo Hotel which is alright it's not
that bad but this I want to spend my
night I'm not going out I'm not partying
I'm just gonna sit home I got a lot of
editing to do I just posted a review of
the new easy 350 s for babies who's this
unfortunately I'm Edward you you're not
gonna be there tomorrow so we will be
without them for the first show for the
first time then pop up in the pop-up
tour I'm out of it
so yeah
