alright guys I said I wasn't gonna vlog
at the airport but I got a vlog at the
airport because basically we've been on
this plane for two hours and it has not
even taken off and now they're making us
get off the airplane so we're stuck in
Amsterdam and
yeah hopefully we don't lose any of our
bags you can see it's really cold it was
snowing but I guess we gotta wait like
two hours inside the airport now so
let's go man this is this is a hassle
man
all right guys we have finally finally
made it to Berlin we are here in Germany
and it's already like five six o'clock
it's pretty late but we're still gonna
try to take advantage of every second of
being here so we just got ready we're
actually gonna head towards the shopping
center and grab some food because we are
starving and I heard there's a huge
adidas here if you guys didn't know if
you're just like living under a rock
adidas was originated in Germany so this
is the homeland of the three stripes you
know I'm saying so we had to have oh I'm
not even wearing any mmm damn night boys
you are a Nike in Germany bright we only
do three stripes sometimes thank you
boys we don't do three stripes okay well
I got my vans on so I'm weird lowkey
disrespecting it anyway so yeah we're
gonna go to the adidas store to buy some
adidas so that we can wear you know I'm
say Calabasas come out tomorrow I
already have my pair do you guys these
guys gonna try to finesse apari
get the get the bureau shot get it
you got it got it got that one so yes
Steve your constant enjoy Berlin for the
night and let's see what adventures we
get into man we are here look at this
adidas bra this is like seven stories
all right guys if you remember like when
I was with unknown and I think I'm it
back in LA during complexed on weekend
we were talking about Bitcoin and at the
time Bitcoin was at like eight thousand
dollars now it's that way although what
is Bitcoin at now sixteen thousand
dollars Bitcoin now it's has sixteen
thousand dollars guys you guys are
probably gonna be like what the hell but
I actually really like these these are
low-key fire if this was a low top I
would definitely get this alright guys
we can't record because like bull got
pulled to the side and they were like
you can't film here we're gonna have to
find you also we got to be subtle
it literally are looking at us like
we're just like from outer space in this
store because we have these cameras
alright guys so adidas did not let us
film at all they bucked on a bull they
said they are like we're gonna escort
you out you got to pay a fine blah blah
blah blah say blase blase blase we ran
into jc2 he just got back from Dubai did
you learn any like Arabic out there or
what like oh I learned while are and a
couple other words
alright guys so now we are in Seoul box
and apparently if you request a pair of
shoes it comes to you with like a robot
like this
what is this you what is this yo shout
out to Seoul box in Germany we have
secured the pairs secure the pairs we
hear them
yo huge shout-out to Seoul box great
customer service though people dope
store that was aw man we all secured the
pairs as you guys can see the Seoul box
don't know I bought sneakers with
Bitcoin cowboy put your bags back here
you get on the bag you all secure
let's get in it how you doing sir you
know really Oh should we be how much oh
it's okay we like not for me it's not
okay yeah how much Oh God give him $10
guys so first of all this taxi driver
hates us because we made him drive half
a mile to take us to Hard Rock second of
all he doesn't take credit cards so we
had to pay him in Euros we didn't have
euro so we paid him in American dollars
he hates us he said he said he was
driving I gotta say it's Daanish into
germany man he's like 500 meters how can
you can't help me yeah yeah
danke Schon for the love you feel me
alright guys let me officially introduce
you to the second half of today's vlog
yesterday obviously we got here in
Berlin and now it's a sneaker con and
doors open in a third in about 30
minutes or so
so we're setting up we've got the
waterproof crap protect shirts I mean
this is the same booth from London so
it's nothing that like you haven't seen
already but we got the dream crew crap
protect waterproof shirts right now we
got all the fire sneakers on display we
got Tony and bull over there like it's
really empty right now like literally
like super super empty like the size of
a football field but when you go
international it's not gonna be as big
as the America sneaker cons that's one
thing I've learned since beautiful is
the smell of it this is actually lamb's
wool mix that's crazy yeah where'd you
get this on this is a white champion
yeah yeah New York City they have a pop
up they might still have it next weekend
for secret phone you gotta go
I went and looked at it earlier than to
you for you read them you actually want
those yes I got offered to wear those
that complex con by adidas and I said no
because I didn't know what they were
they're like yo you want to wear these
nobody's ever seen these before you'll
be the first person in the world he's
like God two months ago yeah but I
haven't found them in my son there's an
undefeated one coming - he's our fire
bro it took me in the back room and they
were like you want to wear those and I
was like I don't know this is beautiful
my man came through and he's like I got
a gift for you so go ahead and explain
what this is hey man that's for you and
that's Kim Navarro thank you so much
guys if you don't know kinder is the
best chocolate in the world I eat the
little eggs I had like five of them in
our in Paris man so thank you thank you
so much bro appreciate you guys man
thank you so much man you're walking
well yeah of course man already showing
love out here in Berlin man okay so I've
been checking out a few tables and I see
so many tables with off-white Air Force
wants off-white Jordans this there's
that like stuff we've seen recently but
this table right here I don't even know
whose table it is but they have stuff
that I haven't seen in years
the 18.5 so I had these in high school
I love these sneakers right here and
this one is my size it's a little used
up so I don't know maybe I'll make an
offer later today
people don't know about those you know I
always talk about hype stuff but I've
been the sneaker head for a minute like
stuff like those I appreciate them
you know the fusion Air Force One
Jordans that are these are but ugly but
they're just they're you know they're
part of sneaker history these are the se
Jordan 21s the Jordan 21 commercial was
one of my favorite commercials I
remember me and my boy Sam like we saw
that commercial for the first time and
it made us want to go buy the shoe
because we thought it would make us play
better basketball so we went and bought
the Jordan 821 s and it's got like the
replaceable little pod right there in
the heel I remember those shoes and then
the I had these to the low top 19 I
believe these are the nine
yeah the low top 19 there's dope to see
this type of stuff back at European
supercar it's absolutely
I have the other thing I don't know if I
should put it though when you guys are
like spell sagging backwards you think
so oh my got a few oh alright guys I
can't spell words backwards from that
you do it I can't spell back out
backwards row
spell it sagging say it
get the people sagging what's the last
letter prize gee no look Weez how we
really say and okay yeah G yeah yeah
this is the setup that was a setup
you're like
hey guys I sneaks on my next video guys
check out my next video I just dropped
the price on it so beast nick is coming
back again baby hopefully I don't get a
lot of backlash for the Toni making me
spell sagging backwards but he's the one
that said I have to put it in the video
because it was funny so I was actually
gonna crop it out but he wants me to put
it in so yeah Toni give him the Nick
pass so he said me spoken i spelt it
backwards I didn't say it he spelled me
anyway more to a positive vibe guys I am
and I am 50 subscribers away from 900k
and I feel like we're gonna hit it here
today at secret con and to push that
this is what I want to do I'll be having
as many people as possible and just
trying to get everybody to subscribe and
trying to hate 900k here at seeker con
Germany and I'm thinking of just right
when we hit it just start throwing hella
crap protecting just getting everybody
hyped up maybe do a crowd surf I don't
know let's see what we could do but I'm
gonna try to gather a hell of people
around right now so let's see if we can
make it happen
look at this
Berlin is here y'all we are 50
subscribers away from 900k when we hate
not only care I'm just gonna start
throwing crap protect Barbie alright
if you're not subscribed subscribe right
now did you fall down and subscribe to
couch in here right now you see I got
the timer on my phone let me refresh
everybody 25 subscribers left we gotta
hit it in that few minutes or else it's
gonna be super awkward
we just had 9/11 case out so we go me
alright guys so we just hit 900k
subscribers one step closer to 1 million
subs I know my goal was to hit it by the
end of the year it's not looking like
that's gonna happen but I just want to
say thank you to everybody who found
this channel and decided to subscribe in
2017 and everybody who subscribed to me
before then I really do appreciate you
guys you guys are the reasons why I am
here today and traveling all over the
world you guys are the reason why I'm
able to have these opportunities that I
get so thank you guys so much and yeah
let's hit 1 million skin danke danke
Schoen
yeah let's hit that million subscriber
mark soon so I could give away these 10
G's man I want to do this I got video
ideas to give away the ten uses I've
been waiting to do it so if you are not
subscribed please subscribe now man join
the crew and let's hit that million you
know I'm saying
shout out to PS short to myself
tomorrow my homeboy Greg if you're
watching okay
