member
what's going on guys if you didn't
notice by now we are at Disneyland
should we just tell him your name today
since everybody yeah happy the motif all
your Instagram which I never shouted out
so me and Mina me and Mina
all right Disneyland so basically this
is what happened um she bought me a pair
of sneakers when I was away on tour
actually the ones we're wearing today
and while I was unboxing it on crew TV I
will wear my ultra boost if you wear
your old your boos and we go on a date
to Disneyland and we both wear our old
triples this is my open invitation as
you guys can tell she accepted it so we
are here today yeah so she's just not my
cousin but anyway we are at Disneyland
we're gonna go get a fast pass to one of
the most crowded is crowd is ride which
is wait you guys want to see how freakin
crowded this ride gets all right guys so
apparently hyperspace mountain isn't
open so we're not gonna get a fast pass
for that ride so we're going to get a
fast pass for Star Tours because you
know your boys got the Force going oh
don't run this not open
you
so the game plan was to come to
Disneyland and get a fast past as you
can have a fast pass one set one at a
time for each park so we got the
Disneyland one one that excuse me a lady
had her kid on a leash now we're gonna
go to California Adventure get a fast
pass for the new-and-improved soaring
over the world ride which used to be you
did all of a sudden Disney knowledge
then we're going to go to Tower of
Terror and we need to talk about tower
terror because there's some very sad
depressing devastating news about Tower
tears over to you guys you're from idea
okay let's see if the rumors are true
here oh my god this is crazy it is no
longer soared over California soaring
over the world yeah we got it we got to
get a fast pass for sure for sure
guys we just got to Disneyland we
already got some crew love what's up
what I wanna shout out everybody's
coming on
what's up little man what you got on
your feet yeah Subban Musa
shout out to my brother John Freddy just
got us some employee passes for Oregon
we'll see you when we get there bro so
for those of you who don't know what a
fast passes it basically gets you close
to front of the line without waiting in
line you get a pass and it just come
back from this time to that time and
then yeah that's it we just seen we had
some crew love already we're over there
I left up the Hollywood hotel right here
this is my favorite ride Tower of Terror
I enjoyed it for as long as you again
I know 2017 they are no longer gonna
call this the Tower of Terror they're
gonna remodel it and they're gonna make
it the guardians of the galaxy ride I
understand you know you got to keep
everything modern and changing stuff but
some things just don't need changing
persuade of the day all right guys we
just got hella lucky the employee just
let us skip the line for some reason
shout out to the route whatever your
name she gave us this little thing and
said here just go in the Fastpass line
so we got in the Fastpass line without a
Fastpass so we're like skipping every
you can see in you alright guys so we
just went on Tower of Terror and
honestly I don't care how many times you
go on Tower of Terror back-to-back week
to week whatever it is that ride never
gets old right great and I really hate
jobs that they really do but there's
like
it's not at all drop it's just it goes
up and down so it's really fun
there's no such thing as a diet at
Disneyland
you have to eat bad when you come here
kind of like my life motto
even when I'm out at his dealer I got my
coffee and my mason jar we so
fortunately we got this far and I just
want to go from the sky but I don't even
know where I don't know where I'm going
I just know where I'm headed
fill this out with my life it's okay
that you different know how to space out
of place I love you so much I don't want
a face you know as a sneakerhead
you basically look at people's feet
rather than their faces when you walk
around pretty much like some people come
to Disneyland in some shoes which looks
super uncomfortable I don't know how
they do it I just seen somebody with the
freaking Shaq's on like all of a sudden
how does how do you do that
come on in guys say it's gonna be
killing it up there
we did this good all these people we're
just fast passing our way through
Disneyland
hi I give a shout out to Travis and Jo
and I love Caius
thank you and have a fun day we're about
to enter the Star Wars launch Bay as you
guys can see a long long time ago
we want to get some dessert right now
she wants like a cake ball but then
they're still covered in white chocolate
we just spent 20 minutes trying to pick
out a treat for her and she still
doesn't like it
thank you
the best ice cream in the world is here
at Disneyland look at how beautiful this
is
but what
so we're inside the finding me all right
do
posture focus open tonight
expialidocious good eye
this is the captain speaking
take it down as believe because the line
is clinics to tell my ass around
sometimes it'd be so hard but you just
got a hold on
Oh God I know you wanna let go I've been
there before unless you first restful we
gonna get it up I got my copy in my
mason jar all right guys it is about
7:30 7:40 we have two more fast passes
that we are going to use hyperspace
Mountain and the cars right so we're
gonna knock those two rides out and then
I think we're gonna call it a day
guys I did some legendary should on
Instagram so you guys follow me on
instagram by the way did the shoe hello
on the ground
fill me follow me on Instagram guys I
decided I don't want to iead anymore I
want one of these
they don't Bobby Dean came for nothing
we were in karsland you guys saw that
little montage b-roll and then we go to
get in our Fast Pass line and the fast
pass line is longer than the regular
line so I guess we shut down they're
about to let people in shutdown on it so
we're like screw that we're gonna go to
hyperspace malian and then maybe then
we'll call it a night
I got my copy and my mason jar we so
fortunate we got this far and I just
want to go from this gun but I don't
even know where we are
can you guys hear the fireworks all of a
sudden
so Monday Night Raw just ended as you
guys can see the whole arena is empty
the ring is being taken apart didn't
walk that much because I really wasn't
into today's episode like there was way
too many promos that were played on the
big screen there was like oh there was a
lot of matches but they all lasted like
less than five minutes it seemed like it
wasn't as exciting as sitting front row
like last time when I went to raw but it
was still and it was dope to always be
here and it's always open to adult
experience at WWE vent that's it so
thank you WWE for another dope event I
will see you in two weeks at WWE
SummerSlam in Brooklyn is coming through
walking through
