what's going on everybody so we just got
to San Diego with fire kicks ygs as this
beautiful man there's great vibes it's
like 8:00 a.m. no it's almost 10:00 a.m.
huh that's okay
well it's good fam all of a sudden fat
people have been camping since
apparently 2:00 p.m. yesterday you
remember me
so this is my first time doing an event
in San Diego have you done anything
before nope
I've been changing a couple times but
you never hear those beautiful days huh
you've been on a couple days now so yes
you don't get it don't get it twisted I
was a fool inside though
just plug in strong
hi guys so we are inside rosewood s deep
the line is around the corner I'm gonna
go talk to the guys who are first in
line right now all right what time did
you get here yesterday 3:30 p.m. to 3:00
p.m. what have you been doing this will
just chilling waiting for you to come
waiting for the crew I appreciate that
I've been here since then and these two
here now with you we were the only ones
here damn and then everybody started
coming today but yesterday we were the
only ones pictures waiting at home to
choose I signed these at sneakers my
honor they already say all of a sudden
on the back while I was driving here
some big news guys we hit 400 K on crew
TV so shout out to everything one of
these guys man
they're the reason why we hit for
indicate man so thank you guys we're
gonna celebrate together alright so 400
K in San Diego but y'all too quiet man
y'all gotta make noise man
boom shut up the wheel cheryl-lea for
all these pop ups that we did at
different sneaker shops it's very hard
for me to focus when I have shoes in
front of me so I kind of like shop while
I'm doing the meetups to see if there's
anything I want to buy but I've been
pretty good I haven't really bought
anything on the road and today I kind of
see a few things that I want to get but
you know it's all about if they have the
right size and fill me yeah turn it out
I will wrap up let's just say San Diego
you know San Diego stands for a whale's
vagina it does all right yeah we guys
need to watch increment Ron Burgundy
stay classy Ron Burgundy you've never
seen incrementer that's why you don't
get that jerk hopefully nobody hey you
guys I'm gonna fuck I'm gonna come save
us up but you guys gotta stay against
the wall we don't wanna get shut down
No
I guess I was into dollars guys do it
alright guys
San Diego San Diego don't want to get in
rows with team you don't want to get it
this needs to be a crazy one because we
you know we just hit 400 K okay no
friends and then we go on family ready
no friends I didn't get one go how
exclusive edit you were in jail that's
why would it be fine
we've got a Pikachu
shoutouts in a wild for not coming shout
out to Richard and congrats on 400 K
yeah that's what mine okay
who you trying to shout out you guys for
honey K baby sassy Souls I already know
spicy sauce punches so spot right here
no they all came together this big group
of guys are in here he wants to ask this
girl Chloe out on the date oh no I'm
just kidding all right what are you
doing shut up you're Chloe happy
birthday and you owe me chips on Monday
I told you I'd get on the vlog chip said
get this man chips and it kiss on the
cheek maybe doubts of Fernando he gonna
come below look like you did the bed
let me get a shout out to my boy at Sun
and Isaac we've been grinding since day
one varsity ballon boy let's get it John
old Brant Daniel Darren Angelo germy and
you owe me John old mug shots all over
you ruined let me see the church turn it
off all of a sudden oh wait that's
that's a shirt for here yeah I'm gonna
need one of those thinking hey I like
that best shout out of the day hey I
want to give a shout out to Caius
Congrats on 400k I'm glad you came out
to San Diego shout out to my mom let's
see what you do miss you have fun guys
you swear that you nice at this rapping
Nash but and our honesty you's a bitch
homie hey I'm the real Kanye you say
trying to clone me all right go ahead
this is my outfit I wear this every day
oh he's trying to be me like I try to be
Kanye you want a freestyle but it's not
a test
there's the exit I'm the fucking bet -
no - TV freestyle all the other ones on
their Channel I call this stage just for
you bro oh shut up - marks Diego radical
and wrong and tries for getting me into
this video game making me sing good hey
this guy makes YouTube videos to eat
with me video like a couple years ago
right between years ago is sweetest
dream is video on bandwagon sweet him my
videos all the time and like I watched a
few right yeah it wasn't you watch - do
you tweeted one of them okay alright so
first of all shout out to my parents
shout out to my grandma for let me
become a mere two modock shout out to
Jimmy I explored my boy my shout out to
all my haters a shout out to DJ
academics and shout out to my plumber
loop a shout-out to Gwynn Miller shout
out to Frank Ocean where you add data to
anyone who subscribe to my channel
first-ever shout out time lapse I
appreciate you man thank you for coming
over
for the thirsty sneakerheads grab some
water bitch
so we kill the line pretty quick we're
just gonna hang out now you'll be in the
blog pen yeah of course
that's a rat pen man
if you guys only knew what happened in
the last two hours okay so basically day
was going smoothly
we had a great event in San Diego we hit
400,000 subscribers on crew TV all of
that went down the drain because I
freaking got my car towed well it didn't
go down the drain I so appreciate all
that stuff but it just sucks man
basically we all of us parked on this
street that's right by the free what
Stadium is it Shawn San Diego Padres I'm
gonna say it name though we got two over
to the tow company and they wouldn't
give me the damn car because it's under
my sister's name and there was no proof
that I was on her insurance when I am on
her insurance so basically yeah we went
through a whole headache and then we
left because we were starving finally my
sister was able to get proof of
insurance oh the car is ready to get
picked up by have to pay about $300 like
I was telling mystery girl everything
happens for a reason it's a learning
experience thank me attitude of oh my
god okay guys these two hobbies don't
feed us okay these two industry guys
while we're over here trying to get the
car back these two fools went to the
freakin Padres baseball game
but we're about to eat at this
restaurant right here called Union I
guess the owner's son was at the meeting
greedy and they said to come eat over
here so we're gonna come check it out
alright guys so we got our food here at
the Union restaurant and SD and you know
I've had a stressful day I had a great
day but I have a stressful day there's
been success and then there's been
downfall so I thought I deserve us like
some pizza you know so I got a flatbread
what do you mean of course of course
and I'd the gym grind is great going man
stop bro you see I remember before the
tourist I remember he's like oh and all
I'm gonna go running in every city in
the morning I did they were sleeping
while I was working at next week Monday
Monday tomorrow tomorrow are we going
hard let's just say gotta get that Vegas
body Vegas next time on the trip all
right guys so we finally got the damn
car back or this hectic tour this hectic
tour has continued
Las Vegas is the next stop on the no
friends just family tour this Saturday
at urban necessities it is like the
hottest sneaker shop in Vegas so you
know we had to go and do it there it's
like the UN Invitational it's gonna be
freakin poppin so make sure if you're in
Vegas and your sneaker head and you want
to hang out with us even if you're not a
sneaker head come through have a good
time it's free to be there we're gonna
have the box sets for sale and everybody
in San Diego thank you guys for coming
out there was a really crappy situation
today with the car which I didn't even
show you guys all the BS that I went
through I just want to let you guys know
that even though that crappy situation
happened I'm staying positive because
today was a great day we hit 4 to 400k
on this channel just to see that 4 is
amazing to me we're 600,000 subscribers
away from a million subscribers which
seems so far but if I hustle grind hard
work hard I know I can hit it thank you
guys for watching I'll see you guys with
another video tomorrow
