all right so we are less than two
thousand subscribers away fronts we hit
four hundred K I'm gonna do something
with all these shoes right here so let's
try to see if we can make it happen this
weekend now let's get the vlog started
what's going on everybody so it is a
beautiful day in LA it is currently
Friday happy Friday well it's Saturday
for you guys I'm currently on Fairfax
right now about to go to mag Park to
start setting up for tomorrow's pop-up
shop I'm honestly in shock there's a
homie already waiting in line
it is currently 6 p.m. the day before
the pop-up shop this dude is crazy I'm
gonna go say what's up to him already
said what's up to him but I'm gonna go
say what's up to him
hey brah stop and stop there's already
some dude William I know I would alright
guys so it's almost 7:00 p.m. this guy
is literally the first person in line
was good bro what's up man I'm here with
Kaiser Plaza what what made you want to
camp out first bro like I got a lot of
hours before it started I don't know man
just dedication I love the crew we
appreciate you bro thanks so much
you got your survival pack over here
share the bag you sure you don't annoy
when you get hungry I told him I'm gonna
give him a little pass so if he wants to
like leave line to go grab food or maybe
take a nap in the car you're gonna leave
and come back and always be first in
line so I got you bro we're gonna take
care of you okay so I just picked up a
pair of sneakers off this guy right here
you guys this guy's the what's up guys
the unofficial plug I can't find them on
my size on eBay I don't know how we got
them but
BAM shouts out to Ashton Rios auntie
Jake Callen summer in height peace
show them the shirt sitting around
thinner are you from appreciate you yeah
Bruce about to go in what you're going
for things we go from the white and then
these when this goes up did it as you
hold it until you want it to let go that
was a rookie look how big my name is
right here alright guys I haven't seen
this guy in a week since the tour
because you've been sick of each other
but he's officially back back this boots
walking like you're something up his
butt what's wrong with you Jesus say
I've been working out G yeah let's just
say me too you know I'm saying
obviously the slap revenge
hashtag revenge we ready for tomorrow
though yes sir
this is gonna be poppin yo pop if you're
watching this right now come through all
right guys so this is the setup for
tomorrow we got the box set right here
we got the tour tees the official tour
tees the mo mood brothers T right here
phone cases five color hats but pillars
accessories do we have a surprise
tomorrow what do we have we have a
little surprise gonna find out tomorrow
rises in surprise we have one extra
product that's gonna be on this table
tomorrow but uh we don't have it right
now it's coming later tonight so yes
coming you guys haven't met before it's
like Christmas huh I'm excited to open
this I'll give you my box ticket of us
yes so this is your path right here okay
this means you can weave in and out of
line oh yeah yeah you show them they
don't know you're talking well I'll be
here early if so okay that's your path
so you can get some sleep in the car
whatever you want to do all right
brother I'll see you tomorrow morning
hey your brother yeah have fun all right
don't get killed
I'm good thing right anythi yeah like
you lost weight
I guess you brought the eat of my family
restaurant though if you're ever in LA
and you want some dope out again food
just at the address right right here no
I don't coach our days 9 to 5 you need
my tummy call sorted baloney but then he
just dipped on us because he has a date
let's just say Friday night dates
um no Ramadan so I'm very picky when it
comes to eating any type of food but
let's just say this gets this gets a
passing someone dumping okay you guys do
though any time loves everything how did
you like the food I like it a lot let's
just say get the combo platter my
favorite I was literally at home just
hanging out laying on the ground on the
computer taking care of some work and
then I checked Twitter I noticed a few
people tweeting me saying that they're
in line already so you guys already saw
the homie who is in line well I guess
there's a few people now and instead of
just like waiting until the morning time
I'm gonna go now I just want to show
some love to the people who are showing
me love and who are freaking waiting
hours and hours and hours to to to be at
our pop-up shop so I just want to give
back to these people and imn it's gonna
be pretty dope I'm gonna Surprise them
and hopefully they enjoy donuts as much
as I do but I'm not gonna have any well
maybe maybe maybe you want but we're
over here
that's okay donate this is my favorite
donut shop in LA yeah thank you very she
ate you yeah yeah the homie Justin Oh
guys we did a skit on Justin's thing
that we film like a month and a half ago
and you just put it up like a week ago
two weeks ago so you guys gotta check it
out I'll put a the link down below but
it's pretty funny what is it call again
general a banger
so artwork is hilarious for the flyer
but these donuts all they got pokemon
donut do you do this shit all right
yeah don't do this I never downloaded it
but uh yeah they got Pokemon donuts come
on hey they can catch pokemons right now
yeah let me get six of the Pokemon
alright guys so you've got to pull up
right now we brought you guys some
donuts
music playing oh why can't my x-men
remember I remember yeah yeah you got em
all wrapped up in case it rains or what
you gettin that grind what I said you're
at 24 hours the hell no these donuts are
gone already fell harmonics from all the
success that you've done yeah who do you
want to give a personal shout-out to a
man without obviously you guys cuz
without you guys I wouldn't be here oh
you know and then I gotta give shoutout
to Kanye you know Kanye
my mom and my dad you know yeah the
reason why I'm here you know I'm saying
so and what cause I heard about that
actually I got to put them up hey I won
that vlog so I bet my nephew for a pair
of bread ones that something has 16 pair
he works at Shands backdoor plug
no way yeah yeah nice thanks guys oh
yeah alright go ahead take one take
anything Yeah right here
I won't see it though so everyone else
oh yeah see all right good this WOM do
if I take it
yeah I McLaren sent me like this one
more time like nothing my hands yeah
mm-hmm I'm gonna sit on the floor like
this watch ready see it yeah yeah you
didn't come all the way blue I got you
out of here
we'll see you guys tomorrow man get some
rest all right make sure you guys get
some rest and I'm gonna I'm gonna go
edit this vlog and I'll see you guys in
the a.m.
