what is going on everybody hope
everybody is having a great day it is a
beautiful fantastic Thursday here in
Southern California it's almost 1:30 it
is 1:30 exactly actually on my snapchat
earlier you know I went on a little rant
a little bit of motivational rant and
I'll continue it here but basically I'm
gonna keep it simple man all I gotta say
is that you know there's two types of
people in this world there's the type of
person who takes someone else's success
and uses it as motivation to drive
themselves to pass that person up to
whatever the main goal is is you just
use other people's success as motivation
and then there's also the type of people
who they see success from someone else
and they get jealous and instead of you
know taking that jealousy and turning it
into a positive thing they just stay
jealous and they talk and they just
they're just it's a negative vibe so
basically what I'm trying to say is
don't be the jealous person create
jealous people be successful use other
people's success as your motivation
thank them that they were your
motivation get what you want make your
money grind hard make your dreams come
true
positive energy from the crew all day
every day
I'm out of here all of a sudden
motivational speaker so when I got the
car wash the other day they put some
like straight shiny all over my car
so my seats and like everything leather
and everything on my car has been like
non-stop shiny for the past like three
days and I don't know if I like it or if
I'm just not used to it but
like my hands get all greasy so I don't
know if I'm gonna have it go back to
that spot
it's kind of weird target we're gonna go
watch Suicide Squad tonight are you
excited very excited 2,000 years later
good afternoon ladies and gents first of
all as I told you guys the other day I
have no high expectations for the movie
the movie is sick obviously don't like
Ben Affleck as Batman but he wasn't in
there that much all I can say is that if
you like superhero cartoons cartoons if
you like superhero movies this is
definitely one that you have to watch
it's a unique the storyline was it
wasn't amazing there wasn't any like oh
my god twists and turns but it was
definitely dope to watch and to get to
know all the characters and uh yeah man
I would suggest going and watching it so
out of it out of ten stars I would give
it either a six and a half or seven now
today's vlog is gonna be extra short I
did want to take this time to speak upon
something that I feel like I need to
address as you guys know recently about
a month and a half ago we announced the
collaboration between myself and the Mac
Park introducing the keymaster on
Fairfax at the Mac Park Hall of Fame has
been open for a month and a half and I
got a I gotta confess something to you
guys you see um unfortunately we've been
scamming people it's rigged there is has
not been one winner we've pretty much
been faking it everybody that you see on
their Instagram account that's been
posting winners are hired from
Craigslist I'm just kidding it's not
rigged it's it's a joke I just was
messing with you guys we've had the crew
cakes times mag drop open for about a
month and a half and in that short
amount of time we've had 42 winners 42
freaking winners for five bucks I
appreciate everybody who stops at
Fairfax and goes to the Hall of Fame
location and plays mag drop so thank you
guys to everybody cuz I just wanted to
give a quick update on that
because I know I haven't talked about it
because I've been so heck it's been so
hectic on tour and things like that but
I'm finally back in LA and I will be
stopping by there time to time but
basically I just wanted to give you guys
a quick quick update on it that is that
if you are on Fairfax Oh if you have to
pop up shop this Saturday we're gonna
have the machine running - with a few
extra goodies in there like we're gonna
have a box set that you can win in the
keymaster as well as some five colors
hats I believe and I also I knew you
guys as helped because I told my Mac
Park family that I can help their
Instagram get to 100k so I need to show
you I need to us to show the Mac Park
family what we're capable of so I need
each and every single one of you guys to
follow their Instagram I will link it
down below follow them show them love
they've got some great deals on there in
store and online so if you're looking to
buy some dope shoes follow the mag part
Saturdays the pop-up shop in LA Sundays
the pop-up shop in San Diego like I said
so I'm super excited to meet all my
SoCal residents yeah man that's it again
I'm sorry for the super short vlog I
hope you guys still did enjoy it right
here I'll see you guys tomorrow with a
better vlogs and today and that's it
