another great meal at Panera Bread
what's a shout to do in shampoos Silex
Manavi Nathan are falling yeah all jobs
they dilute which I got on feet yeah
y'all came with the fire I don't know
about him but yeah ok but now I'm just
kidding
that is the LA sneakerheads youth for
you shout out to them so I'm going
everywhere without a car today I didn't
want to take my car out I wanted to just
walk and uber everywhere because I don't
want to drive I'm sick of driving we'll
see how it goes
my name's case theis yeah okay so I was
walking and this guy right here asked me
why I'm carrying a camera so I told them
my career and my youtube and all that
stuff and then he introduced introduce
themselves so who are you my name is
hash we just walked by the former mayor
of Beverly Hills and we're with the
future mayor of Beverly Hills what are
you doing the guy's mayor of Beverly
Hills in the vlog nice to meet you guys
I see your brother said shout out to
this guy what's up hey shout-out to
Aiden shoutout
Luke and this is
he's from Iowa enjoy your time in LA fan
thank you
Tommy Apple a Nike I love your company
might be slide up and try to take you
away from me they don't know how you've
been feeling the attention is so
unappealing I was so deep in my village
but you always been one in a million
I couldn't let go be happy finally
making decisions see good things I
spotted a high beast of Hollywood there
is in its natural habitat
that was so you saw me that's good
five-fifty you stealer
a nice shirt bamm-bamm what's the
difference between my pair and this pair
it's the same thing
mine's better my pair of this case
so we're at this new sneaker shop on
Melrose called cool kicks so I'm just
checking it out look at this
Homer Simpson montage over here I would
have like Family Guy a little bit more
but it's still dope they got a whole
bunch of old sneakers do do you know the
usual the easies all of a sudden all
that good stuff I'm about to play the
keymaster right now say hi to the vlog
go
I guess we're going around to now
hitting up sneaker shops on Melrose I
think we should see this thing cause if
it ain't hard to find and I'm not afraid
to lose I'm seeing all the sides yeah
just because it doesn't have Nike here
the students have achieved 140 bucks
these are hideous right here I actually
like these though
a shout-out to DJ and shout out to Kai's
shut down
- Italy - my friend - for bringing me
here - in the Hollywood and new shoes
from Fight Club
yeah hey sheriff - Italy
thank you
this is the gallery to get into here you
got it like I don't know very selective
people have been inside here this is
like round twos secondary shop which is
like invite-only and they got just some
crazy I'm not even supposed to show
you guys everything in here just so it's
like super secret I'm not gonna show too
much but just know this is high peace
heaven that's a load of friends and
family guys I'm super tempted to pick
these up right here it'll probably be be
a really bad purchased by kind of Loki
want them right there the Kanye Reeboks
right there yeah yeah I would wear but
it's a size 12 and a half but they look
a little small so I think I can make it
work it's something that I had to sleep
on I can't just buy it right now cuz
then I might regret it after but gotta
make them work no matter no matter what
size right yeah double softly though
what is it 7 which one right now coming
out yeah six is film yeah you tell me
yeah you guys want to be on him to be in
it comment down below they're gonna chew
you up all my comments have your name in
it db9
all these 1985 these are 94 0 95
everything with a box I think is 94 and
then it's out is 95 oh gee UNC's
straight off that oh my goodness don't
touch that don't touch that
an explanation about this is the 1985
sky Jordans in 1995 they didn't have
that air technology in the GS shoes so
they call it sky and then it says here's
sky Jordan little history lesson huh
whose jacket is this you said this is
Kanye's old brand that never came out
and I remember he wore this in a war
shawl right in honor and then again
Carter is tight with the guys here so he
let them have it first display yeah
that's
crazy
we got some Bay Area natives right here
was good they're sleeping right now
again some rest from the tour you know
28 28 no location but we have a date
honey we'll see you there for sure
thank you nice meeting you bye so I
haven't bought anything okay first of
all my chest hairs poking out I haven't
bought anything today we've been to like
the craziest stores in LA that have the
dopest baby and like supreme
so basically this is like a full-on
heipiess episode I'm about to walk home
even though it's like probably like 3 4
miles because we got to get that
exercise and you know I'm saying no more
lazy pies yeah I'm at a brunch I'm tired
so I'm gonna stop vlogging right okay so
the pop-up shop on Saturday is gonna be
right here
what's up all of a sudden found we mid
rate you met Drake
Oh Drake that a nice nice
oh my god
yours supreme shut it down hey your
little toy I expected this thank you
brother thank you from Canada thank you
no way yeah all this is like I also pay
I can meet you too
oh yeah man nice to meet you guys yo so
much love today man I love it man good
vibes good vibes hi over from Toronto
all of a sudden BAM
all of a sudden six six six all right
guys yeah yeah take it easy
I've literally been walking all day
today so I'm gonna grab myself a nice
little cool dessert I'm gonna get some
Pinkberry I've been doing good the past
two days I know three days I've been
doing good with my diet the past three
days and when I say I diet that means
I'm not eating fat doesn't mean I'm on a
strict like strike only eating paper and
drinking water diet I mean just like
diet for me is no pizza no junk food so
I'm happy with myself
I was caught up in the height yeah I was
brought up in the night yeah I would
stay up every night yeah
where have you been on my life whoa what
are you doing at night oh I like the
rest of your life oh you just make
everything right this is the beat banana
good name
guys all that low-key I'm trying to get
into all the center everybody's mr.
picture
