so I'm about to try out this Mugen
organic vegan fresh juicy the number one
it has a whole bunch of stuff that I
would never eat thank you
I'm so scared to try this out
okay that as bad as I thought it was
gonna be I don't know if I'm be able to
finish it but it's not bad what's going
on beautiful people so today a beautiful
day here in Los Angeles it does really
feel good to be back home as much as I
enjoyed the tour it feels amazing to be
in Los Angeles the weather is perfect
shorts shirts sandals type of day I got
to go to the Grove right now cuz I got
to return these LeBron's I have just
been sitting in my room
I have no use for them anymore I have
like four pairs of basketball shoes
I haven't stepped on a court in like two
months but that's all gonna change soon
let's just say you'll find out
yo check out this dude shit right here
show him the sheriff BAM stop filling
the shirt give up randomly finding
someone rockin your freaking t-shirt or
apparel has to be like one of the best
feelings in the world it's like wow like
someone's out they actually came with
you like it's it's crazy man I
appreciate each and every one of you
guys man thank you
these are sick right here
oh my god that I don't want to pay for
these the price tag man they should have
made it like what it used to be
I wish there to Paul George sure they
all they have is Katie these come at the
dick-pic these are insane if you guys
know me you know that the Kobe six 3d is
one of my favorite shoes of all time in
my collection I finally ready I am you
read it he just pulled up on me I was
going for pizza
yeah nothing I was just I came to return
something and then I was just looking
around pulling up on me I'm not supposed
to see you for like another week but
you're just spent a week together
already I know loke back I was gonna go
get a shrimp salad you're over here
talking about pizza
all right first of all I can't stand
this Pokemon bullshit I'm not gonna say
I'm excited but I'm really interested to
watch that I'm I'm really interested in
watching the new movie Suicide Squad I
don't I don't understand I mean I
underst I understand it the concept of
it but I just don't get I don't know
it's hard to explain but I'm not gonna
see him be like oh I'm so excited
Suicide Squad I've been waiting for it
rumor has it Batman's in it so hopefully
if I do see Batman I'll get excited in
this it's Ben Affleck I'm not sure if it
is or not but if it's Ben Affleck then
I'll hate it even more so I was just
told by the gross security that I can't
film here he's like oh you can't film it
with a tripod I'm like first of all it's
not a tripod it's a gorilla pod and
second of all I don't care because I'm
leaving so yeah I will not stop vlogging
here because I come here all the time I
promote this area a lot and I'm gonna
keep doing it I'm in my boxers by the
way so whenever I stress it whenever I
stressed my opinion on something I end
up getting a lot of backlash there is
one subject why am I taking a bowl out
there is one subject that I've kind of
wanted to talk about but I've kind of
stayed away from it because it really
doesn't have anything to do with me one
thing when it comes to YouTube that you
need to know is that there's a lot of
trends a trend right now is probably the
ugliest and worst trend I've ever seen
on YouTube people exposing other people
for different reasons I know I always
make vlogs titled exposing fake easy
than I show fake Easy's here's the
difference I don't show any faces if you
notice that I never show a face because
it's not about the person it's about the
actual shoe to knowledge you guys what
the fuck of fake looks like and how it's
ridiculous that people get fooled by
those fakes I mean sometimes the people
obviously know they're rockin fakes I
mean to each his own if they want to
rock fakes let them rock face that's not
my problem my problem is just showing
how ridiculous those fakes are that
they're rocking youtubers exposing other
youtubers like are you doing it because
you actually want to do it are you doing
it
because you know it's gonna get a lot of
fucking views you know what I'm saying
and I know a lot of shit to get a lot of
views like we all do it but it's just
that this trend is really shitty you
know what I'm saying they see the
success it gets and then they want to
find the reason okay well well fuck shit
it God if Bryce gums exposing this guy
then shit man this fucking milk expired
three weeks ago I'm an exposed to dairy
pure company because these gave me
expired milk like I'm not I'm not
directly speaking to anybody because I
know the first thing you guys are gonna
say it's always she's talking about this
person always talking about this person
know this shit is a world YouTube what
do I don't know what I'm saying this is
like a a widely growing cancer
throughout YouTube but I hate to use the
word cancer this is a really bad thing
in YouTube that eventually obviously
will die but my opinions is that I will
never make an exposing video to anybody
we're all here for a reason let's make
our money by being creative and make a
dope content not by using other people's
names to try to get of using money so
you guys disagree with me feel free to
go ham in the comment section down below
everybody has their opinion that's mine
and if you don't like it drink chocolate
milk and get the so we got the location
for the San Diego pop-up shop this
Sunday LA is Saturday at the magg Park
on Fairfax and Sunday is gonna be at a
sneaker shop called Rosewood SD I will
have the address down below it's my
first time ever doing anything in San
Diego I've never done an event in San
Diego so I'm super excited today's vlog
was honestly not that crazy cuz I just
went to the store came back home I've
been in bed all day doing a whole bunch
of designing for new merch that I'm
working on you know I'm so excited about
what's coming in the next few months
it's already been a crazy-ass year but
the next few months is like ridiculous
when I make the announcement on Sunday
it's gonna be like I don't know how to
explain it it's something that I've had
a vision for for so long and this
sneaker con family like I gave them the
idea
and they were all for it so I can't I
couldn't have done it without this
neocon team but all I can say is Sunday
make sure you guys tune in
what's going on people I feel amazing
today I slept in yesterday I went to the
gym I ate healthy today I'm walking the
Starbucks not Starbucks I'm walking a
subway to go eat healthy again you know
I could drive but I'm like you know what
why not go break a sweat and walk in
this beautiful hot weather in my tank
top where I probably look hella fat well
that's good because it's more motivation
for the kid look at these nice cars
thank you guys okay so check this out
the whole tour I was grimy as hell
finally I get a freaking haircut
shout-out to the homie Lee Cody take
care of me DJ leak Oh about a call it a
night I hope you guys enjoyed these two
days into one of me being pretty much
alone for two days and pretty much
recovering my body and sleeping I did
all the major announcements in here
earlier so I don't think I need to say
anything oh yeah one thing you know I
mentioned in the Phoenix vlog I
mentioned a fellow youtuber Brandon aka
what I called him bar waitis and
everybody blamed me for saying his name
wrong and then he tweeted me we've been
tweeting back and forth and we finally
changed numbers and we texting so we're
gonna actually be doing a collab next
week we're gonna be filming a collab but
I'm not gonna tell you guys what we're
gonna be doing but stay tuned and yeah
man that's pretty much it I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another video another
video I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog and yeah I'm out of here so
all body stiffens
