okay so look at the restock Chicago shop
today compared to yesterday what's going
on trying to hang everything up or
moving locations so upgrading yeah
bigger place nice time you guys come
down we'll be a much bigger next pop-up
shop bigger so this is the last time
we're going to see the u-haul it is
emptied out we do have a few boxes left
over just because obviously we can't
fill the Charlotte show and we got shut
down for the Toronto show so we weren't
able to sell any merch there so we do
have leftover box sets that we probably
are gonna throw online so stay tuned for
that if you're interested too picking
one up a whole bunch of stuff going on I
got to catch a flight home at what time
is my flight my flight home is at 5:00
p.m. today so we're not driving the car
back so goodbye to the car too and I'm
honestly ready to go back home and lay
in bed for the rest of the day I mean
tomorrow and yeah it's we'll talk more
about the whole experience of the tour
later I gotta go help out right now so
when comes pretty good
alright guys so I just bought a pair of
pirate blacks from restock Chicago and
to save room I have to get rid of the
box which pains me even though the box
is not that special but all my Easy's
have boxes so it's going to pain me to
throw this away right now
alright guys so we made it to the
Chicago O'Hare Airport but aboard this
flight security did look through my
drone because this bag I mean the
packaging for the drone looks a little
suss but you know it cleared out so
we're good to go so we got a flight to
Vegas I'll be in Vegas for two hours and
then I got a connecting flight that will
go to Los Angeles so I'll be Atlas Los
Angeles so we could have drove the car
back to California but I think everybody
was kind of worn out by then so we just
returned the car and now we are all
flying our separate ways
I'm midwatch g.od took a flight oh no
they didn't take a flight they're on a
standby right now so they understand by
what cost has a flight later Farouk and
GM have a flight to San Francisco later
so we're pretty much all going to be
separate for the rest of the week I'm
not sick of the guys but all I'm saying
is that I need the week to myself this
week yeah man just get ready for the
next pop-up shop in Los Angeles this
coming Saturday so
all right guys so I'm out here at the
Las Vegas Airport as tempted as I am to
leave the airport and go have fun on the
strip I have to just stay here because I
have a flight in two and a half hours
basically I just want to talk to you
guys about the tour like I've been
telling you I learned a lot on the tour
it was a crazy experience it was it was
very hectic as we told you a million
times that just hectic tour no friends
just hecticness but it was fun man when
you look back on it you don't realize
how fun it was until it's over and I
want to thank all the guys that we
created memories with man Achmed yg what
cost
Farouk GM Adam despite you know the
drama despite the little fights or the
arguments we're all human and it's all
an experience and it's a learning
process and we become better and we
become closer so I honestly can say I
love those guys and I wouldn't if I had
to redo it again I would do it probably
not driving but I would redo it if I can
give you guys any advice it's just to
explore the world don't just sit at home
I saw states and cities that I've never
seen before and it's beautiful to just
go out there and see the different vibes
I love the experience I love traveling I
love it so much and I want to do it more
now and it's the most the thing that I
love most about traveling is that it
motivates me and meeting you guys
motivates me to work harder so that I
can keep doing this and
and keep getting these opportunities I'm
not here for the 15 minutes of fame I'm
here for the long run I want to be able
to do this every single time I throw an
event I want to be able to have you guys
supporting me you know and not giving up
on me and my dreams and not giving up on
the crew so I will continue to grind and
I will continue to work my ass off to
grow the crew and to be able to throw
dope events and do dope things like that
and with that being said the huge
announcement that I have is going to be
for Atlanta sneaker con and I'm going to
be making that announcement Sunday I'll
be making that announcement here on KU
TV I'm gonna go get some food this
three-minute clip of me talking I
probably cropped it down shorter but
yeah II edit go back to LA sleep all day
that's not gonna happen does it feel
good to be home does it does it does it
feel good to be home guys I haven't seen
my car in two weeks holy Sh this is
thing even going to turn on
oh I know it's super loud over here but
since I moved to LA I haven't gotten a
car wash unless I took it to BMW and
they did it for me but this is my first
time coming to this place it's like 30
bucks to get a car wash so well it's
like 100 he's trying to get me to do
this one for a hundred twenty bucks I
was like no I'm not going to pay under
20 bucks so I'm doing the thirty dollar
option but there's some like tough
stains on there that I might have to
actually do one of these options for so
now that I'm back in LA there's a few
things that I kind of want to work on my
main thing is that I want to release
sneakerheads be like part six by the end
of this month hopefully I can make it
happen I want to have a lot of special
guests in it so we'll see what happened
and then on top of that I want to do a
lot of collabs believe it or not just
because they have a lot of subs some
youtubers don't mess with little guys
like myself so this what it is what it
is but me I work with anybody as long as
you're down to make dope let's make
it happen
y'all look at my cards clean Wow oh yo
so I just got the dopest ovo SH in my
collection right now first of all I
don't know if I showed yeah I'll just
show you the main reason I came in here
is because I've been wanting these for a
minute and they finally released them
but ovo Ziploc kind of wish it came in a
box but it's whatever it is what it is
you know I'm saying just shouts out to
the 6-8 got some ovo flip-flops October
is very own you know I'm saying so I
kind of low-key wish I had these on the
tour these cost me like
$68 I think they're like the same thing
as like the Nike ones which is pretty
obviously this is on Nike or Jordan but
it's like the same quality and comfort
wise but they fit a little tight so I
had to go at a size 11 so they made a
whole bunch of jerseys that are inspired
by NBA teams and I got this Chicago
Bulls won this is going to go with any
ovo Jordan which is insane got a Chicago
Bulls over your shirt Jersey I mean the
owl right here has the patch and then
ovo I wish you said six on the front but
at least it says six on the back so this
is going to be dope as hell low-key
might wear this to the LA pop up shop
this weekend and then I got these shorts
and shirt so basically it's like a shirt
but it's like if you look closely it's
like a towel material so it's a little
something different but it just says
October and it's a short sleeve shirt
and I got the matching shorts had to
come and spoil myself one time and buy
some new oh
target shopping now guys and I'm
honestly oh man it's been a long Oh
what's this hair right dare do it been
home doing laundry sleeping all day just
went to grab some food right now finally
back hello I'm it I honestly can say
that I did miss these guys I really
missed all my sneakers like I'm sick of
only wearing my moon rocks which are
freakin destroyed by the way over there
look at these guys
conceal the cracking in their she has a
crack in my right there this is a
hunting clean diesel once on the road so
really JIT like
meet to the ground you see that cracking
right there I miss these even though I
haven't worn them yet what should I wear
la pop workshop this Saturday though
that's the big question I want to wear
something that I didn't wear I'm
probably going to wear some 750s
probably I may or not be sure I'll be
gonna wear some 750 sister you can
probably going to go with either the gum
bottoms or the original greys I don't
know yeah what do you guys think I'm
thinking about this is what I'm leaning
towards for the LA pop up shop well it's
La Saturday and then San Diego Sunday so
maybe I'll rock those in LA
maybe I'll rock these on Sunday for the
San Diego Show but anyway I do want to
say that the LA pop-up shop is this
Saturday at the mag park on Fairfax the
mag park Hall of Fame on Fairfax and
then Sunday is San Diego we will be
announcing the San Diego location in
tomorrow's vlog so stay tuned for that
and then Vegas is the weekend after this
weekend so Vegas is the 13th and then we
have a week break and then the Bay Area
is on the 28th so more information will
come for those shows thank you to
everybody who came out to all the shows
thank you to everyone who's going to
come out to the LA SD Vegas and San
Francisco show and without you guys none
of this would be possible without the
gern you have none of this would be
possible so make sure you guys download
the journey app with that being said I'm
going to call it a night guys I'm
exhausted I'm going to end this vlog
with some cheesy inspirational
motivational lines and that's basically
do what you love don't worry about what
people gotta say as long as you're happy
when you go to sleep and you're happy
when you wake up because you know that
you enjoy your day every single day man
that's all I gotta say
the I'm out of here peace I think I just
heard my nose
you
