okay so we're currently leaving the
hotel in Toronto but before we leave
it's only one place that we got to stop
to get some breakfast
okay how many defeats one
the dollar I forgot to show you guys
this box that somebody gave me in New
York who's that sexy guy big thank you
to them thank you for all this drug
stuff to the road it's much needed
alright guys we are currently in our
room in Chicago Illinois zit feels
amazing to finally be here
so basically tomorrow is the last show
of the road trip portion of the tour
because obviously we still have Los
Angeles Las Vegas San Diego and the Bay
Area left it's been crazy and it's been
hectic and I think hectic is the new
name of the tour no friends just
hecticness and we out of here
I guess you're pulling up right now
about to be in the alley to the restock
Chicago who Olson what you got on feet
today found summer pants on temps then
how many of those are in the world
ah not too many man I think I like three
of each of each size was made tomorrow
how's Chicago I sure
Chicago look at this I got stung by a
bird outside yeah
leave my hand in my head oh my god
we got the bracelet that hood system is
this I got the crazy shoes in the
keymaster over here look at the line
outside all of a sudden BAM
this exam is cool this guy right here
alright let's see I'm gonna play the key
master before we start you know I'm
saying I got some phases are drawn in
here man I kinda want to move through
these doors
look everybody every better kids away
because all the ones I want so far
motherland all the roads yeah
whoa choose ah
I'll play later haha I don't have any
more cash on me take started watch Star
Trek officer did it on the monitor
because you got bird poop on the Saji
retention society yeah we put it on to
the side of the station
it's been a long-ass road we've been oh
but it's amazing to be here young as I
say let's just kill it off French's
family no Fay just found me on three one
two three
no way ya heard about that actually
you know please don't thank you Aisling
stop white people to fix the way who is
first in line then getting worse away
where they were all right it's good I
will come to you guys after this man
right here this is my third time meeting
you right yeah what's up man how you
doing
what do you so you live here you live in
Cleveland you like all over the place
you you're on your own tour right now
found you here from Chicago yeah okay
that's what's up what do you got on your
feet yeah I'm sorry damn
let's just say that's five point five
nine seven yeah sighs no no Gio put the
oh my dude came through in the Gucci
flip-flops you know saying until you're
sleeping on the curb
no how's that now very almost good yeah
JGI your son in booth that's cool I like
this I love it like about this I love as
you say Chelsea boot yeah hey yo my man
right here just dropped the 100 that
just you know it tops all the swags 100
is tops everybody else's 100 go ahead
and top again you know let's just say
sold never touched the headstock like my
shout out to my boy Martin shut up till
my sister shut up sakai he's coming to
shy
shoutout to my dad for taking me ooh
shout out to my over driver shouted him
for coming and shout to my mom forgive
me like
and that actually how do you have that
on an original fan man you're an
original fan no dude this is classic
from last year
and now this is before the coup is you
know the crew that ends today but I
appreciate you I had like 20 20 pieces
yeah that's dope as hell were funny you
see that is that he's inspired - I like
that shout out my friend Vincent MX
friend dalton feel like kobe oh he oh
this is the ho hell yeah dude hey I'll
check this out man oh I get the lighting
right Seth Rollins my favorite wrestler
autograph
appreciate you with your from you burnin
yeah Thank You Man that is a letter in
you and there's a liner okay I'm gonna
check that out later when I get up to
the hotel I'm a sign this dude's face
right now guys so all oh so defense
shout out to Jerry shout out to Damian
cuz they didn't come cuz there's some
bombs and that's really it shall club
Boyd case almost on a fam heyo shout out
to the judge right here they came to
sneak peek on Chicago and they stood in
line twice 100 can't touch your hair for
it okay I got 100 go ahead alright let's
just say summer's here but we're the
ones bringing the heat let's just say
two different pairs adidas biggest
hypebeast alert so my little man right
here broke his foot at the skate park
right yeah so you gotta sign the green
cast all of a sudden Sam a shout out to
my brother Matt you can't be here at
camp right now all that said it
oh hey guys look at this dope art right
here
it's got the dream crew logo with my
first pair of Jordans right on top of it
she made it he tried to pretend that he
made it at first I'm just kidding Robert
you're watching oh there we go there we
go damn hey we got your favorite jeong
manjae manjae I mean you're a joy face
alright did you know I appreciate that
thank you so much you all my dude right
here just killed it with some art pieces
check this out right here look at that
that is so dope man they can find you on
Instagram or something yeah - Gramps
Eduardo undersquare hh7 all of a sudden
family everything merry sneakers these
are the official dream crew shades okay
so the dream crew shades so let's go
ahead and open these up real quick so as
you guys can see there's that Casey nice
that style but they got that Camel all
of a sudden family hey let's just say
we're getting pulled up on now oh right
on the camera
like I need energy
I got motivation hold are you reading it
he on Google I'm not gonna put your 100
if you get in a Google Fiber online come
on that's not your notes value on Google
this it is let me see
fake 100 explodes yeah alright so my
man's right here my man what was the bet
she said I was gonna blush I'm gonna
find advice and everything man so you
just bought it for him
your real one disclaimer we got some
shoutouts right now all right
shots of guys watching West I've made my
kicks and Harris swaggy Diddy my boy
Dustin Chris likes chicken and looking
over there and I'm late for work right
now just caught in that I supposedly
crashed so I'll be there in a bit
shout to Tony's he's safe guys hey hold
on man let me see your phone my
brother's my homie actually wrote down
look at the date May 18 cuz I mean I
missed nigga cause I went to work no
away well GGO shots rendu shot you airy
and Ralphie oh you got that shoutout to
Mason and hey this dude right here
showed me these shoes way way back and
he got a Nike idea and it says crew on
the back let me see focus on that that's
dope man and that is a wrap for Chicago
and that's a wrap for the road trip no
that's a rat shows no we have another
shot
we have lost angel it's all canceled
most hectic tour no pressure technical
touring the next stop is Los Angeles
next weekend
hello hello we will be there at the mag
park pop up on Fairfax make sure you
guys are there hey these guys have been
asking to be in the vlog all day so
here's been raining all day that's all
you got to do they're gonna do some more
exciting than that yeah we're gonna back
Deb but anyway Chicago man thank you
guys to everybody who came out we had a
great time I'm exhausted I'll be dead
honest with you guys I am so dead right
now
we got a surprise for you guys we're
going after this but we're gonna spend
the next 30 minutes cleaning up don't
hold my hand yeah man there was a I
didn't even show you guys that it was
raining outside people were standing in
the rain it wasn't as bad as Houston but
it was still raining so people were
coming in here soaked Oh Chicago
all of a sudden daddy daycare over here
what is this one size 10 complete pack
$1,000 DMP pack yeah but I might be in
the vlog you know what sets a case for
get a shout-out to Kai's shut up and
watch woody I heard leather actually got
a chance at going to massage Chicago is
something I wrote down I wrote it down
yeah all right so 100 hey what's up
everybody running down the run hundreds
the main part about the 100 is it comes
from the brain you can't really get it
all right if you forget it then it's not
it's not gonna know I'm just getting go
ahead go ahead
lessons are not what you teach lessons
are what you preach lessons are not for
others to see what they are for yours
for yourself to be I saw that on
Instagram
Wow hello yes I know you want this right
here fam I know you want that these are
insane right here and I'll phone even
supposed to touch these gonna touch them
anyway
how much of these were
the release pairs going for like six
thousand hours the one-on-one this
example right yeah it's the the first
sample of the release version Emily oh
love it the other ones are sweet how
much is your foot really I mean there's
no price do you want me to do - do it up
yeah go ahead do the dance of your
backpack this is a shout-out to watch E
hey when the struggles were real and
you're trying to take over that leftover
pizza yeah he's really alright alright
guys so basically the events all wrapped
up we're outside we're about to go do
something look guys first of all I got
something right here okay this right
here is gonna change our lives you see
we're not just gonna go to the hotel and
call it a night
see this right here guys I gotta give a
huge huge shout out to my beautiful
people over at Sea geek
man I hit them up and I was like yo I'm
trying to surprise the guys and I want
to take them somewhere tonight because
we're in Chicago and this is happening
so we're all going tonight so basically
I wasn't even able to surprise the guys
because I was so excited that I spilled
the beans yesterday and I told them
where we're going but anyway we are
going to watch the USA basketball team
tonight at the United Airlines Arena I
believe always wanted to watch Team USA
play and I finally get to watch them so
shout out to see eat so much you guys
don't know about seat geek it is the
number one place to buy tickets because
they take all the tickets across all the
websites and put them in one place so
you know you're getting the best deal
because they give you oh my god why is
it allowed ass trucks all of a sudden
so basically they give each ticket a
grade so you know what you're getting
the best deal for the best view with the
best price C gig way thank you again
I love you link in the description box
to download the app what's going on guys
we just got to the United Center I am so
excited
there's nothing dude it's hella dough
obviously it's gonna be a bowl out hit
me right now it's gonna be a blowout but
you get to watch all your favorite
player is not favorite but you can see
all the top dogs on one court
representing one country my favorite us
a moment of all time you know what it is
like oh you're like this no you did this
oh you like that you thinking about et
once you get out really know I don't saw
my fake ass you just don't even says
they're playing Venezuela today but I
don't think that matters because
predictions for the game excited I think
Katie's gonna kill it like last time
we'll see how she has no idea about
basketball so he's going to say some
weird things today that might sound
right and obvious gonna sound wrong I
think Jordan is Jordan gonna play again
thank you although sudden valium and
these are not our seats but we're just
trying to get good footage right now
yeah hey
you can't read
the intros man alright guys so we're
sitting here watching the game
and then we look up and what do we feel
greatness of course greatness greatness
you know one thing I love about going to
different arenas as you see the history
history and I've never been to this
arena Marcus but let's say there's a lot
of history here
has no idea what's going on it will
cause the other side you having bought
it slowly footboard of the game
cheerleader the port guys look white
just ran into bro
right here who's mad at that
what's up man the sick sick sick
Scottie
we have a connection Jim teller
one more kiss come on you love us you
got us good anyway hey Mike you
you gotta get the cameraman right here
BAM
I'm dead whose man's is this
many sticker game is strong can wear
them Jordans a dog damn you got his own
shoes my brother there we go good do it
again do it again
hey yeah dad dad
Hey
all of a sudden bow that's the sales dog
I'm sure
on the fire cake we are the course up to
this - yeah was good yeah
got the MJ statue right here everybody
taking pictures wide us through and this
guy legendary legendary small shout out
to be going through - the last day of
the tour last day of the road trip the
tour continues west coast
