what's going on people checking in
starting to vlog it is currently the
time it's like 11 o'clock at night and
we're just now leaving New York that was
our plan for today is to just rest up
get some good rest and do a late-night
Drive and then hit the road and we
should be good to go the next stop is
Toronto the six got about a 10 hour
drive and I mean that's nothing compared
to what we've been doing with these 15
to 28 hour drives yeah you know I'm
saying so
okay so as you guys know or for the
people who follow my cooking channel
been really unactive on the channel for
about a week and a half no excuses it
was just really difficult for me to be
on this tour and upload on there and on
crew TV so I just decided to mainly
focus on crew TV and take an L with crew
kicks and I've been so scared that when
I do start it back up like I did
yesterday that
you guys are gonna stop watching and
people are just gonna forget about the
channel and that was my biggest fear and
I got in I didn't think about that at
first when I said you know what I'm
gonna stop uploading cuz it's like too
hectic but now I'm kind of like yours
are people gonna still watch daily like
they do or people are gonna you know
enjoy the channel and have faith in the
channel and I'm like I just hope you
guys give me a second chance because
starting yesterday or two days ago
I'm back on it daily five days a week it
was just to the point where I wasn't
prepared and I I messed up and I'll take
the hell I hope you guys just stick with
me and let's get it going and cheers -
Shay check
this is life right here guys
Shack Shake Shack burger cheese fries
milkshake betcha
I'm happy so yesterday I told you guys
that what cost doesn't have this
passport the venue actually did change
so I don't need to give you guys the
venue because this vlog is going up
after they're gonna yeah let's do it say
was good yo what up
hello Senate fence in a fence pulled up
on the scooter you y'all playing Pokemon
go nah yeah but I'm not a female ok
alright guys we are literally on the
border to get into Canada right now Loki
I'm nervous because well cost doesn't
have a passport so we might get rejected
and then on top of that we have a
trailer with a whole bunch of
merchandise in it so again we might they
might search the trailer and then like
just question us and I know we're not
doing anything illegal but it's like you
just get nervous you know talking to
authorities and stuff like that Ahmed
said we play some Drake made with the
lettuce in with no problem
and I need to make the car smell good so
so that different briefs could help us
get past it right psychology little
psychology stuff that matters alright
guys so we just got past customs it took
us an hour and a half to get through
what cost got in without a passport and
we are about an hour and a half away
from our hotel the event starts at 2:00
so we are pretty much on schedule right
now so luckily things are going great
and hopefully there's no other struggles
because all right guys so we just got to
the location of the Toronto pop-up shop
it's been a crazy hectic morning we
actually had to postpone the event
because of us getting stuck over at the
Border Patrol we are trying to get
things running we have ten minutes until
we have to start the show so yeah and
then we got little homie right here
who's helping up setting up the boxes
yes all of a sudden fan what time did
you get here four hours from where
Windsor we're right across from Detroit
so you came from the US
yeah go ahead bro jack hit on my
instagram jack underscored l16 damn i
don't even have to tell him to Deb you
already knew it was though so I'm out to
go say what's up to the Toronto crowd I
got some shirts and I'm gonna give them
I got a pair of sneakers too might give
it to the first person in line but they
got to stay calm and
we try to make too much noise we try
making noise H I make too much
let me get someone who squeeze my
forehead that big away it's like about
midnight you want me to sign up please
yo face your page does anybody got a
sharpie
okay thank you I appreciate it
alright guys so I guess the mall
security called the cops on us because
the line is too long we're inside now so
I don't understand why they wanted to
let us continue but they're basically
shutting down the line now it's not the
stores fault it's the mall Security's
fault so I don't know what's gonna
happen right now I think would cost us
outside trying to talk to them we gotta
figure this out we'll stop people shout
Takei start Divya
Dylan and shout to it - no my boob and
watch us something my little guy is
gonna die if I tell him I say hi to him
he's gonna watch this okay so we got
shut down officially so what we're doing
is we are walking to this local park
which is like a five minute walk and we
are gonna just have the meet and greet
there we're not gonna sell merch screw
the merch we don't care about that right
now we just want to meet all the people
that were waiting in line we got to do
what we got to do man we've gotta show
love to Toronto because they've been
waiting waiting outside for a long time
I'm probably gonna get in trouble for
doing this we're not gonna shut down I'm
gonna meet everybody I love you guys
stay calm don't fight this do got clique
getting he screaming clickbait right now
so I gotta show him what's good first of
all what's up guys let's see what he
came up man they just they just don't
want it to do the meet up they just they
they kicked us off of this field their
signal there's a soccer game line
everybody yeah I know we're gonna walk
around and take selfies with everybody
wrapping up the main group right now our
ubers waiting for us who's hectic today
man who's crazy
I'm tired yeah super tired hi guys my
name's Robert Shaw please follow me on
like everything yeah she helped take
care of the vine this guy right here to
help watch all of our stuff yeah I gotta
help out the boys appreciate it thank
you to the crew she was posting little
kids out I saw her punch someone
I don't even know I don't know where I'm
going I just know where I'm heading fill
this song with my life it's okay that
you different know how to space out of
place mom I love you so much I don't
wanna face though all the years with my
gray hair in a larger
