and today we are going on a mini mission
Silver Lake Silver Lake for the
undefeated raffle for the human race
what are they called
Oh yogi pack holy pack this is all like
the all-white green one I actually have
a pair on hold from one of my plugs of
course retail you know I'm saying for
spike you know I got a I got into the
raffle for wifey while she's trying to
enter for himself which is look the main
thing I want to talk about though is
some news with the Dida's now a few days
ago I tweeted that I heard something
about adidas making a huge Power Move
but I wasn't able to talk about it
here's the rumor that came out this
morning is that there were some buzz
during all-star weekend that the boy
Drake is leaving Jordan Brand and
possibly signing with Adidas now I'm
just going based on what is the rumors I
can't say what I know yet basically it
was the rumors were broken by he's like
well known in the sneaker community I
think I've seen him at sneaker events
but I've never been formally introduced
to him so I don't know him like that but
he basically said that he heard sources
and stuff like that I'll put the tweet
up here if you guys want to actually
look what he said but basically my point
of view I think it's a good thing for
Drake I don't think it's gonna affect
Jordan Brand right going there is gonna
be dope for him because with Jordan
Brand they only released six shoes in
three years
or in two years however long it was five
years as in half a decade it was 2013 I
believe I want to say five years right
take shoes still sounds like a lot but
not when you think about how two of them
came out together this past weekend and
Yeezys come out like six come on in like
three miles come out yeah tons and tons
man they throw so many at us I would
love to see tons of ovios come out and I
don't want to just see sneakers in ovo
colorways I want to see a Drake sneaker
like he's own creative control exactly
so whether it's with Jordan Brand or
whether it was a deist that's what I was
looking for
forward - but we never got that come on
why the music so loud we gonna get
copyright Jordan Brand is killing it on
their own like Jordan Brand is doing
their thing this year oh my god these
cars are wild whatever I encounter with
all the collabs
yeah the offer it's a I think it's a
fact that he didn't really work on the
shoe before I don't see him as a type to
do that yeah but maybe that's what he
wanted maybe let's do now yes creative
control bro how many people want their
own shoe of course it's a dream as a kid
I got want my own shoe like Michael
Jordan nice and imagine you like not
being able to do that like I'm saying
like ovo colorways are sick on shoes
don't get me wrong they're dope I love
him but raiko feel yeah that's what I'm
saying is that that is that what the
disso it is all about I don't know but
again I don't this is not gonna affect
Jordan Brand it's not gonna affect Nike
with hype and all that stuff like he's
still killing it Jordan Brand is still
launching on a ton of dope stuff it is
gonna bring a little bit more hype to
adidas I know I said it wasn't but I
think it will a little bit a lot of
people gonna be like oh Christ now
you're gonna hop on back on adidas is
nuts I been on adidas is nuts you know
I'm saying exactly wait that didn't
sound right I'm a fan of every single
brand I love new products I love new
collaborations I didn't drink and Kanye
make it collapse ooh wow don't get me
exactly might be the dream there's so
many questions here is the value of
oviedo Jordans gonna go up since they're
probably not gonna make any more if
these are true what like what do you
guys think about Drake going to adidas
call me down below let me know what you
think and I'm excited 2018 is looking
kind of like an already started off so
shake it suspenseful think about it it
suspenseful because you never know
what's gonna happen but anyway it's
going to this raffle
stuffing basement basement recording all
right guys so we just got to Culver City
Mall now I didn't vlog at undefeated
because we literally just entered the
raffle there is nothing much to see
there but hopefully we win yeah I gotta
get bass eyes but anyway yeah we're at
the Westfield Mall we're killing time
because we just ate
and we need the food to digest in our
systems before we go to the gym
I'm gonna check if they have the new
nike react sneaker cuz I'm really
interested the trying goes out a lot of
people there's rumors that it's more
comfortable than boost but I don't think
so so I want to see a finish line has it
hard it's good let's check it out man
yeah yeah we don't have to try them on
see how they are it might be another
pickup for today also shout out to Hess
cakes because has two cakes hit me up
about another shoe which has a new
technology that I want to try out and he
offered me the sneaker for retail so
your boys getting another shoe this week
and on top of that I just got a shoe in
the mail that I'm gonna be unboxing
today for you guys so we just doing all
kinds of stuff memories memories in this
moly all memories in this wall oh I like
that black on black oh look at this
spring feeling it's like phony buddy
yeah that might be good and bad trying
out though so for those of you guys that
are wondering my go to gym shoe right
now well I guess both of our gym
20-20-20 these are the Under Armour
hovers low tops right here this is like
the most comfortable shoe right now
right you haven't worked out in this
line I mean just for eating for days
been a while since I've had like a Nike
how's it feel using a lot of little
little slim on the sides that 10 or 10
ounces and would you work out what these
are where I'm like they're walking I
need them for when I want to run it but
that 10 is teeny chin and a half he's
gonna pull out the promo
grandpa though I didn't pick up those
shoes because the shoes that I have
right now on my feet the Under Armor
hovers wonderful those are like I mean
they they feel pretty much the same and
it's like I'm trying not to waste money
so I was like you know what I'm not
gonna pull the trigger on those where's
that those are your roots let's just say
guys there's mystery there's some fishy
fishy guys in the crew Lee swagger Ahmed
who whose fishy fishy decisions I don't
know machines in that was that was the
real fish yes just say swags in the gym
and just say he missed the goody bag
though oh my god that goody bag papa Q
surrealism Oh whatever party you know
whatever does that speakers broke
everybody was saying MOCA took a hell
cuz he got Jordans and everybody else
got Easy's but the thing is that it's
all what happens every easy he has every
easy so I wasn't gonna get him one that
he already had Jordans act like I worth
more than those uses no no it's not
about the value it's about getting
something into the collection they don't
have damn bro all-star weekend hit the
sale rack who's this how do this hit the
sale rack for sure
I literally is about to say do you
remember how poppin zoomies was like
three years ago
yes zoomies was the spot well alright
guys so we leave in the mall right now
no pickups from me decided to not buy
those Nike shoes so I'm leaving
empty-handed but it's that's a good
thing you know saying we don't need to
be spending money that we don't need to
wait sorry for the bad camera I'm using
the g7x
I don't want to walk around with a big
big camera today but now we
to the gym I see the comments a lot of
people noticing the transformation I
want to say I don't know how feel good
let him know to be honest with you guys
your boy was dealing with some like
heartburn and all that I was eating bad
nothing but the last few weeks you boys
been on in and I feel good you still got
a long way to go though but we just
getting started exactly March 31st guys
that's the main goal I want to be in
shape I'm looking at drop if I don't
drop more than 20 then all this would
have been for nothing
in the dream through hoops classic just
be ready while we go to the gym I'm
gonna take you guys back to the crib
because I have an unboxing front for you
guys so we're gonna flash over there and
you know what that means get the intro
you found you want to do the honors you
get the intro no don't do that Hampton
why I told him the hand thing is played
out it's like 2016 okay fine all right
so before we get into this light pickup
this is not a high pick up this is a
slight pick up I want to give a huge
shout out to my dream crew family out
there rocking their dream crew merch all
across the world just a quick shout out
to all of you guys to tell you guys I do
appreciate you guys I do love you guys
okay no more talking let's find out what
is in this box I'm pretty sure you guys
already know cuz that logo right there
but the question is which color way I
told you guys yesterday that adidas did
give me this pair right here this is the
green camo version of the babe Dame
Lillard force very fantastic
collaboration but you know me man if I'm
going to get one of them I gotta get all
of them now this isn't a complete set of
three but I got my two favorite and the
other one I'm not gonna really rush to
get it I'm gonna wait till the right
opportunity comes so let's go ahead and
open this bad boy up
this one was titled as the friends in
family colorway
this is the most expensive pair as it
right now we've got the red babe Dame
Lillard for oh my god and ready
the two that I do have right now let me
know which one you guys think is the
best one obviously I still need the
black one so if anybody has the black
one hit your boy up I'm gonna say this
one I like it more just cuz it was
gifted to me by adidas okay so yeah
that's my unboxing for today I hope you
guys enjoyed it we're gonna switch it
back to you q take it from here so
basically for me today was kind of like
not a lazy day but it was an at-home day
I really took care of a lot of stuff
that needed to be done you know I'm
saying you know what's at home day when
you got these on your feet the easy crew
slippers you feel me also this morning
was the first supreme drop online of the
summer slash spring season or spring
/summer cuz I know somebody's gonna
correct me in the comments section yeah
boy did cook you know I'm saying shout
to James Harden I got I think five
different items I was able to get the
main item which I was going for which
I'm not gonna tell you guys because
obviously I want to do an unboxing but I
was able to get one item checked it out
and then I went back and I just added
four or five different items that I
really wanted and I was able to check
out on all of those so successful week
one of supremes online drop I know I
said I wasn't gonna cop that much
supreme anymore but honestly most of the
stuff I cop they're just little things
mmm anybody inside of here or no well
this was episode two of the new chapter
for all seriousness guys thank you guys
to everybody who's continued to show
support in love over the last few weeks
and months and this year for me and for
a lot of other youtubers youtube has
just been absolutely like stressful as
hell as i keep saying you got to
continue to grow you got to continue to
grind i'm not gonna stop here i have a
commitment to you know entertain you
guys because you guys are subscribed to
me and you guys watch me for a reason so
i do this for you guys for all the
people who support and drop that
positive energy for me so thank you guys
I want to see a lot of positive comments
today in the comments section so
everybody enjoy you guys as they enjoy
your weekend drew grind out Groundhog we
out here you
already know what it is fettuccine
alfredo microwave ravioli whoa two
presidential Maroni yeah fucking receipt
though I'm running bro just never with
your girl like you know she don't we she
just like she knows me
