hi sir
alright guys so right now we are
actually on a train and we just left
Paris are actually headed to Amsterdam
now it is our third for the country
fourth country it's a fourth country
this is our fourth country on this mini
Europe
tor I guess it's not really a tour
because we're not doing events but we're
gonna be an Amsterdam for one day and
then we had to Berlin on Friday because
sneaker corn is on Saturday but it's
pretty funny because I actually got some
like pretty rude people behind me they
like keep kicking our chairs and whatnot
annoying and a kind of loose one just
like expose them right now
 up over here bro like what coke
bottles man spoon
so route guys so route anyway I think we
have like I'm gonna finish editing
because I gotta edit and I'll check in
with you guys when we get to Amsterdam
let's go get my lucky you good not
really it's cold
oh my god so freakin cold
Amsterdam we made it baby we made it we
got everything right I think so
all right good there's a vibe out here
bro every city we go to gets a little
bit chilly a little bit chilly all right
here we go last last thing anybody
forget anything Mikey
doors closing all right let's get out of
here bro
out here bro you have to call coke
coca-cola if you say coke they thinking
about you thinking talked about the
other stuff
I did that at a restaurant last time I
was like can I get some coke and the
late lady was like what she's like this
is Pizza Hut
guys if you didn't catch what I did
earlier Tony was packing his things
although Tony was packing his things and
I grabbed his phone out of his pocket I
don't think he's realized that he
doesn't have it yet but he will soon do
we know where we're going don't we know
where we're going okay
hold and that's why I let me falls apart
nobody Lima tell me
Oh
that's my finesse
voice like your is it on is
you're finessing me though you gotta be
lying
you know why you're playing you've been
playing the whole time and then you've
been pushing me check my phone back
there I know I pickpocket you so bad
right pocket big pocket adieu I got our
camera slipped at our you're backing up
brakes are back prank wars all right
guys so we just got to our apartment
here in Amsterdam we originally had some
hotels but it wasn't enough to fit all
of us so we upgraded to this mini
apartment three-bedroom so I'm sure you
guys like a quick tour not like the
detailed tour but let's get in there and
see the vibes BAM this is our apartment
for the next like not even 24 hours okay
so yeah we upgraded to this nice ass
like three bedroom apartment it's
actually really dope I think Tony's
crashing on the couch so he got all his
stuff over here
this is our like editing area we're
gonna have all our computer setup which
is gonna be you know networking and
doing our YouTube vibes you know what
you're working on right now with that
freaking robotic computer I'm about to
drop this Paris vlog well not now but
I'm trying to finish it not right now
you know say it's my babysit a sous a
sous ace's a sous aka says yeah he's so
bro laughs how's Brooke Lambeau of
laptops I stay with the MacBook you know
I'm saying let's go downstairs first of
all check this vibe out cuz it's like a
weird-ass stairway what let's go
actually we're not gonna go down we're
not gonna go down because Tony's in the
shower
raining unfortunately it started raining
out here in Amsterdam so it's gonna kind
of suck we're not gonna be able to do a
lot of things but there's two things on
my bucket list one of them is going to
the IMM stir damn sign and the other one
is walking through the red-light
district now I know you guys gonna
believe all your red light district
comments down below no we are not going
to be going and doing all of the bad
stuff
no oregano but we will be just walking
through there just to see the vibes and
then you know grab some food over there
in the meantime while we wait for Tony
to shower up I actually got two sneakers
yesterday let's just say your boy is
plug
all over the world you know I'm saying
no matter where I am what country I am I
just need to make a few phone calls mute
me you know hit up a few people on
Instagram and we make transactions
happen worldwide so yesterday I got some
pickups and I'm about to set up the
camera and we gonna talk on the stairway
because I feel like this is the best
lighting over here so I was in Paris
yesterday and there was a pair of
sneakers that I actually saw from the
homie at sneaker con London he told me
that he lives in Paris so when I came to
Paris he would be able to get me my size
and them so retro shop Paris that's his
answer his Instagram huge shout-out to
him huge thank you to him first of all
BAM these are the fear of God vans this
is the white colourway this one has not
released in America he had a full-size
run you know I'm saying I don't know how
he got him but he got him and I saw him
pee I think a con and he told me he can
get me my size size 10 and you know we
made that transaction happen and he only
charged me I think 300 euros so that's
how much is 300 euros
anybody know 353 353 for these if you go
on gold app these are actually going for
like 450 500 600 dollars like it's it's
it's up and down right now with the
pricing on these but these have not
released in America yet and I was like
you know what I really really want these
I have to get them I have the red pair I
have the original fear of God vans so
now I have all three that I really want
from the ones that they have released
this one's really dope man I love this
colorway
it's like kind of like a reverse version
of the last one kind of not really cuz
just the white white white pairs upper
and then the fear of God print is a
reverse of what the last version was
comes with three laces you got a white
lace you've got like a light brown lace
and then you've got the fear of God
print lace I think I'm gonna do though
this like brown lace on one of them and
then keep the fear of God print ones and
put them on my other other sneakers so I
think that would be a dope little twist
to it and yeah I'm really happy to pick
these up early
I think they come out very very soon in
America actually so yeah that was the
first cop and then he actually surprised
me because I wasn't even trying to buy
these or I didn't even know he had them
actually if I knew he had him I would
ask them how much but he said here's a
gift from me to you so he actually
gifted me the brand-new Calabasas in the
gray color way I was just like bruh like
obviously you know I get all the Yeezys
I try to collect all the easies but I
was really really happy when we gave me
these in a size 10 and a half which is
actually my size in Calabasas very very
grateful for this so thank you these are
absolutely insane these actually dropped
this weekend I don't know if it's just
me or what but these kind of I feel like
they have like a light light light blue
tint to them so they're not just great
they kind of have that blue vibe I don't
know that's just what my I see you I
could be wrong and this is gonna be a
sneaker that gets beat to the ground
because Calabasas I don't know why these
are so comfortable these are like
there's no boost in them but these are
so freakin comfortable I wear my other
pair all the freaking time I have a two
pairs of the other one actually I
haven't even busted out the other one
but really happy to get these two solid
pickups from Paris right here and I
didn't even go to a store with my man's
came to my hotel and delivered them to
me so shout out for these two pairs a
double W double W not Adelaide W like
Bull was saying earlier this is a double
W you know I'm saying and if you make a
double W you could make a Volkswagen
logo for someone to say something that's
a two W is a Volkswagen logo no it's a
WV it's a W and a V to W so you can make
a WWE logo you just make it you add it
either there you know I'm saying I love
who's this anyway we're gonna go explore
Amsterdam in the rain for a little bit
so before we catch some raindrops let's
go catch some slow-mo shots of these
shoes
alright never mind guys we're not going
to be doing any slow-mo shots because
the lighting in here is really really
bad it's too dark and it gets darker
when you do slow-mo so yeah we're gonna
take you hell on that one so yeah I'll
see you guys outside alright guys so we
just came to the I am stirrer damn sign
right here it is raining so hard right
now so we can't really get like any
footage like I don't want to take my
camera under the water it's not
waterproof just yet kind of sucks man I
really wanted to enjoy Amsterdam but I
don't think we can for your camera
Pancho for my camera okay umbrella would
be the best thing to do for the camera
let me tell you wrap the poncho in the
camera yeah yeah low-key I need to take
my picture that's without a doubt I
gotta take my supreme robe picture here
in front of the I am I wanted to do it
with the s because the obviously supreme
and just because it's like you know I
put the s in Amsterdam
crickets good cricket wire let's say
yeah I'm gonna actually do that so I'm
put the camera away I don't know what
else we're gonna do today honestly
because this weather is really really
bad I don't even think we're gonna go
into a red light until later when
they're doing the rain dies down but
yeah man like it's a war zone out here
like rough umbrellas is breaking you
know shoes is shoes looks like you
didn't spray with protect hey man
Amsterdam we came though we did put we
came we came at a long time but we came
so everybody out there that messed with
up in the Netherlands we was in your
country and it's really dope we
appreciate it
but the weather didn't appreciate on
yeah the weather then appreciate this
but let's just say we will be back you
imagine how cold it's gonna be next
weekend for sneaker con it's gonna be
snowing out there or not not yet right
it might be you know yes December
you don't know it's gonna cold though
yeah but we were prepared with this this
is preparing this
Berlin tomorrow for sneaker con New York
City next week for sneaker con we and
all these cold places men and then when
I go back to LA this week like if you
guys don't know there's like wildfires
in LA man so I'm praying for all my
people in that layin I'm not there right
now so I don't know I don't know how
crazy it is but I hear that it's really
really bad but anyway I'm like I'm gonna
get active right now cuz we just bought
some Poncho's we got the Poncho's only
box the Pancho Pancho squat man sleep
I'll put the book bag underneath all
right guys I'm checking with y'all in a
minute because can't vlog right now for
us too hectic alright guys so I know it
probably looks like it's like 1:00 a.m.
or something but it's actually only 8
p.m. it gets a dumb dark out here quick
but basically everybody else tapped out
Mina fell asleep Stoney fell asleep want
God's some gods for sure but me and
Buller about that life you know I'm
saying we need that content so we out
here we out here grinded somebody told
us to go to this like supreme resale
store almost not done er almost not done
and it's like point three miles away so
we're gonna walk that right now and not
sure if they're gonna even let us film
inside there but I'm trying to get at
least something what happened yeah no I
mean we're live we're here but it's over
bro it's over y'all done is cancelled
deleted so doors locked
lights are off nobody's inside I could
see a supreme North Face poofy jacket
but uh ah this is what happens when you
don't update your Google information and
it tells you that the store closes at
nine but reality these fools probably
left at like six here's the blood in
something board it looks like they got
some fire in here like I see some air
forces
well I see some revenge ian conners I
see some Chanel and them DS as well dan
this store would have been local it to
look at but take it now we're leaving
tomorrow so we can't even come back but
if anybody from the stores watching we
wish
oh look I found their doorbell should we
ring it and leave sure dingdong ditching
supreme
