right now for you in
he's still here Pam
basically today is the only day of the
tour in which we have no traveling and
we have no event and we made it like
that so that we can enjoy New York City
and everybody's just doing their own
thing so some of the guys are probably
still sleeping
some of the guys I heard are in Broadway
and I'm just with
yeah so we're just going to be exploring
the city together you know doing some
shopping
yeah
all right let's see if I could get
myself a taxi right now oh she got one
guys it just randomly started raining
right now as we got out the taxi so I
literally hopped into a gap I bought
this camo jacket we're freaking
any excuse to wear camo rumor has it
that the rain is not going to stop for a
minute what is it found who made it it
looks like it's an opening for heaven or
something so what is our first stop of
the day I don't know why you're asking
me where I first up as when clearly
you're walking towards flight club
well they don't know that oh well we're
going to play club guys we are going to
flight club where they are overpriced
and have dope
so the
who's in it today my brother is a big
ass man oh yeah yeah hopefully cameo
city hey shut up guys from young you
know I asked them did it on my size was
good bro oh what's up all of a
sudden got my boy I see so happy
that I tell you know my mom everyone oh
yeah as you come through theaters I got
you yeah crazy colors that I'd even know
release are these I don't know where
these came from but look olive-green
uncaged yeah like this blue one cage and
then they got like the white and then
they got the red boot crazy alright guys
so as you guys can see soaking raining
outside
had these ankle socks on had to come
into stance gossip India's lock show
some glow to the skin stammer I was
heading take care of me Steph Curry or
LeBron your solenoid yeah this is the
same vibe of the the head office yeah
I'll be trying to keep her company yeah
this is dope I like this this honestly
feels like I feel like I'm in a New York
City apartment alright guys so I'm
trying to get to the bait store before
it closes
speaking of babe there's this guy in New
York his name is like Apes something or
whatever but anytime you see somebody
wearing supreme egos and he cusses them
out and tries to knock the supreme off
their head or their hats or whatever and
he was at actually our pop-up shop
yesterday outside messing with people
and I guess he got kicked out but that's
pretty funny made it in time
ten minutes left hi guys so there was
nothing at babe I actually wanted to
bake shorts but unfortunately didn't
have a sweat pant Arial ones you're like
that voice shocker
all right guys I met Jesus original
store now so this is different from the
performance store but they got some
dope-ass stuff here shout out to the
homie was good bro
all of a sudden found all the senate fam
you know what's crazy is you actually
look like the employee that helped me at
the other store so when I walked in here
I thought that was your him and I was
like oh it's him again but it
wasn't it wasn't him trippin out boy
we're heading towards Times Square right
now it's like midnight we're gonna go
meet up with the rest of the guys we
haven't seen him all day all right guys
so we out here in Times Square with the
squad reunited okay they're all busy on
their phones I'm telling you guys man
this tour life is not easy everybody's
telling us all it's so unorganized like
oh you guys this is everything that
people said when we cancelled the
Charlotte show but everybody's saying
like it's all so unorganized and all
that stuff guys this is literally this
is who plans it we don't have a higher
event coordinator and event like a
company doing the tour we just did it
with a bunch of friends with just a few
friends who wanted to put a tour
together and there's gonna be obstacles
on the way and there seems that there
was obstacles in every single city but
we try to overcome them the only one
that we kind of like just you know it
wasn't possible with Charlotte but
unfortunately another speed bump on the
road is the venue for Toronto just got
canceled like they just backed out and
I'm not trying to send shots at them or
anything but through two days before the
show they told us that their spot is
going to be unavailable and now we don't
have a venue and we don't want to really
cancel it because we know the six is
anticipating the pop-up and we want to
go to the six and
we're trying to figure out what to do
we're supposed to drive there tomorrow
morning so tomorrow morning afternoon
actually we're going to be heading to
Toronto and on top of that the other
obstacle is that freaking what cost
doesn't have his passport his passport
was supposed to be delivered to him in
New York but to do that with delivered
it to him
left town let me tell you guys the two
cities that killed it so far New York
City and Houston were the turn 'test
crowds let's see if Toronto and Chicago
can top that
I'm out of here man see you guys later
over sitting all of a sudden GM's a
secret
all of a sudden FEM I'm hungry I want
ice cream
let you get your passport I need my
passport my green card is missing
if someone oh so marry me I need a green
card I need to stay here
