good morning everybody welcome to
today's vlog we are currently still in
Washington DC fought to hit up target
before we hit the road to New York City
why did you feel you got that New York
vibe to you I'm sure you weren't born
there as I said you know how DC was
check it home yeah hard the jungle baby
so yeah we're gonna hit up target and
before I get into target I want to say
thank you to my amazing crew for
supporting my target addiction on this
tour look how many Target Gift Cards I
got I can't even hold them all in one
hand YouTube youtubers exposed
yeah what is it channel gonna be about
London all of a sudden London all of a
sudden London
stay tuned for his YouTube channel on
the truTV you're on like five different
YouTube channel I'm on enough YouTube
channels already so we split up with the
rest of the guys were honesty bro
I'm sick of this game tired of I've
together last last two doors before we
cut them up raise your family family
just friends guys I'd literally left my
vlog camera on the register when I was
paying and we were getting food from the
target cafe and they are like yo you
like your camera this is why I love this
place okay I love Target I love the
great customer service wall white smack
what do you mean like
me I'm Elise hey Padre
New York City we are here what's going
on guys I am super excited because we
are in and watch me okay the drive is
not bad because it was only five hours
we're about to meet up at the red steps
with all the guys so just us two as you
guys can see everybody kind of went
their separate ways for the past hour
but we're meeting up and it just
literally hit us right now last week we
were in Phoenix and we really drove our
asses all the way to New York City yo
I've never seen Times Square this pack
actually I have a new uh what is New
Jersey you came on New Year's it was one
of the worst in my life
when that time lapse is crucial oh my
god talking about bro is insane guys
need to do bro telephone though hi guys
so we're just mobbing around the city
now everybody's here I don't be like
they carry the dumbbell is that so we
are here again some New York City pizza
so slim asked me said and said Kai's get
me some Easy's and I said how much I
tried to spend and then it's like I
don't know and I was like all right the
Jeep is I could probably get you easy
this is like 700 spends like 700,000 on
sleeves like that
I'll find a much for easy watches you
know easier like what else like necklace
you know people like you I was wrong you
know you gotta sing let me I'm thinking
the selfies with random people through
the freakin window guys this is crazy
Adam just told me that the Foot Locker
in Times Square closed down look Foot
Locker Toys R Us all that is gone
man what does this world come to let's
just say fam Foot Locker closed five
pillars store in Times Square coming
soon but you never know hard to pick up
some retro fives grab you I know family
triangle shot you know I'm a sneaker
head now so much sneakers of my head
side gaming channel we already got Q&A
gaming coming soon it's gonna be Q&A
Ness
we need to get the new fives and if I
see the novice this loosely come please
come
I need to get through my sleeve five sir
please I'm coming five right there look
they're right here on the job the pot
right there when you can't get this
niggas fam all right guys okay Steve
versus Adam first they showed that Cali
basketball again
you in the lab I'll on I'll see you
in the next round
donut he has a lot of balls
right
yeah
no we both got robbed there should have
been more balls in there guys
the bridge is about to get its butt with
I feel it up something slim told me
something will be Manning's job all the
coordination where that means I'm call
over
so Adam who's never played basketball
riggan is going to the finals it's me
versus them now
Oh
oh my god
Oh
thirty-four
there we go baby undefeated undefeated
baby alright guys so I'm gonna end the
vlog right here we're currently at the
Apple store waiting for these guys to
get their phone fix but it's almost 3:00
a.m. I gotta go home edit this get some
rest
tomorrow is the New York pop-up shop
which I hear people are already camping
for which is insane you don't come out
of there
chilly I'm see you guys after supper you
say stay hydrated hydrates comes up this
blog comes up guys why is that why is
that why everybody table fire kick all
right guys we out of here see you guys
tomorrow
