yeah we got you guys five minutes to
wake up boys on the throw water on you
guys this is vlog for the trap filling
up the top
good morning ladies and gentlemen I'm
currently editing outside on this little
patio thing at my hotel the guys are
putting getting ready putting the final
touches on their makeup I can see the
line from here though that's crazy
because like they're going wild from a
cause they're like scheming I heard
about that actually good good good good
good let's go always good
everyone okay so basically we crash the
trailer into a wall the wall broke the
rappel oh no way
Wow okay so they were turning into the
parking lot right now and they hit the
wall the bricks fell off it was freaking
insane let's go talk to some of the
first few people what's up man how you
guys doing miss so much to my hometown I
see you the first person right yeah
times you get here 6:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m.
was it worth it it was worth you don't
know yet what about you guys I know this
guy this guy looks familiar where if I
met you before
hi ng c JC at that festival right yeah
okay I remember you but about all you go
other guys what times you guys here I
got here at 6:00 Manolos here someone
back to my partner I felt Long Beach the
senior at 6:00 but he says he was stay
here at 6 hours in my face we don't came
here so thank you ok in the morning 3:00
in the morning you like you try to get
the closure
as you say I love chicken then bringing
it back all right well this is the first
ten that's in here
shoutout to these guys oh what's that
shootie with ten I guess I got some
different hi alright so for the first
duties here since 6:00 a.m. and I've
been meaning to give some sneakers away
I'm gonna give away a pair of sneakers
right now to the first hallway that was
in line he's a size 10 I'm a size 10 I
got a size 10 and a half of these shoes
so hopefully we get fit uh preciously
not just any shooter now not just any
two just on so I mean I wore am I using
a sneaker convert the harness yeah
hopefully doesn't have a bank is a prank
this is the cameras right there
oh nice a bra
how'd you do that
okay so here we go DC we bout to get the
shop going this is hard to tell
first of all we got the Box on top socks
and shirt chute cheese and hat I like
that
alright it doesn't sit in his shoes some
days you gotta finish the last some days
I'm in my Easy's and call me though and
go finish the line I'm just glad I
stopped just say souvenirs on your
Washington Redskins
shut up through this guy's shoutout to
this guy he got all the gear show him
the old trick oh gee first of all he got
the new shirt then he got the og shirt
and he got the og socks too I like to
give a shout out to my man's Nate my
man's Anthony you're gonna begin
unfortunately Anderson thank you so much
guys yeah that's a good that bro
shout out to this guy because he's like
yo can you sign the Hat like we don't
have a sharpie and then he slowly pulled
out like ten options no mistake no more
say no more that was my shout out to
Kai's Watchi Achmed my man 1gm all you
guys you know they did this you know
just to come see all of us you know you
read it's just like this much love bro
as much luck to everybody
oh yeah and shout to my little buddy
 that that both you I hit the devil
hey hey
oh wait your microphone I'm just kidding
crazy this is pretty tough I know you're
watching us I don't look at my feet cuz
I got new easy it's on your at least
envy them y'all gotta hit the dab girl
he is a dab senior and ruler yeah guys
so please demo yesterday when you guys
saw me climb that big-ass thing you
didn't see he did it too but that's on
his channel here let's just say
hey what's the other word for a cat
hahahaha hey yo check out this dude
shoes right here you kill the game right
now y'all good teddy bears yeah let's
just say that looks like what I would
sleep with that night
ha ha ha shout out to Brandon man we
made it Johanna - Johanna invest
yesterday was hot but it was worth that
we met to go yeah yeah guys they had
$200 on the line that they can get in
the vlog so I got to make sure they get
paid so oh wow you didn't even see it
was good to the homie what's up hey shut
up - Lea shot compiled shots of Bryan
and Tyson type of you adopt a child when
baby Easy's come out i DC I'm out of
here fat boy first Janice is so high cuz
this is birthday today and first
shout-out to you guys for coming out and
film the shirt the og shirt then oh
seven what did you say about swag oh I
said he's on the dress girl right now
we started I would just like to say wait
you got a bug up put that in let's be
dad then you to go to my youtube channel
yo my man right here came in with the
most energy I've seen all day well
basketball Jones we add man I met me
before you did yeah all of a sudden all
of a sudden no you add all of a sudden
BAM that's the kiddo bankrupt me yeah
Packard dad wanted me here to meet you
guys
to him I like that I shout out to my man
Christian Bonilla and Sebastian Renner
who couldn't make it cuz there to clean
the house wash out that to them I love
you guys so man hey shout outs a steady
one Marlon minibar and lesson family
recipes don't Carlos
dabble
you
