what's going on guys so today is
currently Wednesday and we're leaving
New Orleans we're going at DC we have
ourselves about a 15 to 20 hour drive
depending on traffic and how fast we go
but today's vlog is going to consist of
tomorrow if this all goes well we have
to plan something for the wintertime but
like a one show type of thing somewhere
that we've never really done anything
like a one-night event I go one night
heaven like vo we only talked about
doing that one night only event but we
just don't know where we would do it but
but I think this time it has to be soon
reducible in the States international
yeah and not just a pop-up shop where we
just know that like we perform and show
people what we originally used to have
oh I love that like legit just kids show
bad last we'll still do the mean greet
after for like would do like make it
super cheap just to cover the venue
cause it is this we want to be
entertained yeah instead of me they've
done all the major do I like this yeah
because this
you talk of here at
everyone from all walks of life
bread's all right guys so we just made a
stop at Burger King this is something I
wanted to do before the tour started I
wanted to try random foods everywhere
and I know this is an obviously
exclusive to wherever we are where are
we by the way Alabama or in Alabama
me and the guys are gonna be giving you
our review oh my god what's under the
Mack and Cheetos at Burger King let's
try this well let's go first
I don't eat like this I eat fat
foods but I don't eat like this
that gives you a doesn't eat the
stuff I'm not gonna emo eating one of
these I honestly trying to take a bite
of it but Mack and Cheetos here come
review it
you know what it reminds me of it
reminds me of a nastier version of the
fried mac and cheese balls at Cheesecake
Factory this is an American dessert it
smells like America
smells like America not dessert yeah I
mean it's not deserved but that's weird
how much was it
the textile stale well it's supposed to
be crispy I'll buy it for 50 cents
nothing more after one bite or two bites
as you finish or you just have to wait
longer now I see you though
those helper cetacean nothing there no
not all I found don't do it now Alicia
nasty I can't finish it from garbage in
conclusion in conclusion nasty all right
back on the road guys back on the road
we are about 11 hours away from DC so
how do you oh I almost fell right
now I think me you is a lot of kids
we're like the only cool ones yeah sure
they adventure Q&A adventures no but I
think there's a couple snakes in the car
definitely I mean there's always
slithering around a nosy someone poked
out once in a while and we try to chop
them off but they come slithering but he
sleeps the most cause gets no he gets
like he's the biggest diva
yeah like when he drives like if he
starts swerving a little bit I know this
is what happened this is the funniest
thing is the other day everybody was
sleeping it was a late night drive
everybody was sleeping except me and
Adam Adam was in the passenger seat and
what cost was falling asleep and that's
like a really bad risk for all of us so
it was like 4 a.m. and I'm he was
swerving am i girl you good he's like I
don't know am I like you some weird
thing some weird like are you sleep
talking and I was like are you good to
drive out he's like I'll let you be the
judge of that right when he said that
I'm like y'all FRU come take over the
wheel this guy I'm willing to drive are
you guys willing to let me drive like
what well I think mean you are the
coolest guys well what - give me a real
one if you guys don't see the behind the
scenes of kites when Kies gets mad he's
got mad a couple of times he loses his
 bro I got this bro I technically
made out with Vikas because what cost
was eating my sunflower seeds and
instead of spitting the seed somewhere
else he put them back in the bag who
does that so I didn't see that so I
started eating season they were all open
sometimes you gotta put the glasses on
for the haters
 dance
 up the video alright guys finally
freshened up finally after being in the
car for a whole freaking day man it
feels good let's just say real friends
fire kicks in here I heard about that
actually yg staying back because he gots
to do some editing I'm finally uploading
on crew kicks today for the first time
in a freaking week I want to apologize
for that I'm taking the rest of the week
off but I'm still uploading to videos in
the next two days to make up for the two
videos I missed last week we are going
to Georgetown right now figured things
out for tomorrow's uh meetup because we
wanted to go as smooth as possible Cox
is not
yes what do you say about this place
it's gonna knock la off its top spot for
me I'm sorry guys
he isn't even stuff his first few steps
over here he hasn't even seen anything
he's saying DC's better than LA I love
Georgetown honestly I'm from the bay
obviously I love LA but Georgetown and I
mean DC in general Virginia DC the whole
DMV it's like it's like a second home to
me I love this place I come here like
two three times a year I got family over
here I just love being here the
atmosphere is amazing
hi guys we're in sidekick spot right now
trying to figure out the setup now it's
pretty room it's a tight space but we
can make it happen
before I go you know I got a sneaker
shop so let me know what's your London
style tell me what you would how would a
London year shop that what annoys you
then what are those four checkers fourth
quarter guys no these are fire right
here Aston Martin hyper dogs right here
family no way
it's someone that Kobe jumped over well
I was inspired by that Wow but these go
for a pretty penny guys look how big
this is size 18 KD on pearls I love
these are sick right here these are hard
like this I'll see you tomorrow yeah no
problem yeah all right so now we're
walking around Georgetown we're gonna go
grab some food show these guys around
since none of them have been over here
yeah have a sub man
yeah I'm Julius what's up Kyle a
different cetera
you catch a Pokemon firm yeah yeah
yeah I'm gonna see if any of these guys
are about it right now you're about it
I'm not gonna give my why
bad idea
I'm about y'all
the shoes might get a little dirty but
let's just say back to the water pit
native Indies so pushy
for the record I told him not to do this
if I give this one a thumbs up
are you deaf
all right guys so as you guys saw I went
all the way up I didn't cross over
because I was already tired and that
shit's low-key scary man but it was
still fun I still went up there so I
didn't chicken out but I went to the top
and then I looked out and I was like
ain't no rope attached to me I got a
gold fence
basically it's 5:22 we're going to go
sightseeing what YG's on the way right
now so once he gets here we're going to
drop off the car
I really don't know what we're gonna do
actually but once yg gets here we're
going to start doing something so
let's do something
oh hey good all the sudden cupcake it
has exposed alright guys so we are at
Nike town Georgetown right all of a
sudden all of a sudden and say what you
said all of a sudden BAM scream
themselves we love you thank you so much
so I'm not buying any shoes today but
Paul George USA t-shirts since I can't
find a Jersey anywhere I need a new
shirt I'm running out of things to wear
like all my stuff is dirty so I need to
do laundry as well so I think we're
gonna go some sightseeing right now
check out the heart of DC why'd you
actually draw good right any gosh get
off my cg I can't do this it's not that
hard
yeah please I've been scared this whole
first for this whole hour man you
should do a vlog of me touring the
tourist decide okay what is this then
this is the Washington Monument guys we
we are in Washington District of
Columbia or state of Virginia or
Maryland I don't know which one
so yeah I'm that over there
muffin Martin Luther King that
especially they'll have a dream will
cross through first like this
yeah right yeah your feet happy has to
look like you're sitting yeah how's it
look like you're sitting on the wall you
have to look your ass has to touch the
girl ah good morning I'm too little
trickling she good okay more your butt
has to touch a thing
I'm so awkward you can do it
is it really hard yeah huh we're not the
working
types this is what you realize I'm very
athletic really do it look my brother's
pitching the wall cuz you have a big bud
yeah that's true
these guys man they think they're in a
freaking photo shoot Rayna Oh Dan look
at that let's just say future u.s.
resident alert stop licking your lips
exact things I said to stop licking his
lips it's a lie scheme you gotta feel
the life skill for life you gotta feel
it in order for they okay go my knife
hello your neck fam you need the
hot patch bro
I don't know how many curveballs are
gonna be throwing that is G but I don't
play baseball and I don't like it let's
just say thought about how you fall down
about how you get back up Batman being
holy you right
the Bayou machine alright guys so gonna
call it a night now gotta be up in about
five hours to get ready for the show and
I still gotta edit this vlog so I'm
gonna give myself about two hours of
sleep but I'll be good with that I'll
see you guys tomorrow with the Virginia
pop-up shop vlog alright
