alright guys so it's curling tiny am
i've met what gino costs are the hardest
people to wake up in the morning so
we're gonna wake them up this way
we got one of them up
all right houston we are checking out I
don't know where we're going yet but we
got to get out of here she went on guys
so we just spent the last hour at
Starbucks uploading because our hotel
Wi-Fi was wack as hell
we've made a group decision to cancel
the Charlotte show as you guys saw in
yesterday's vlog which I apologize about
today we decided that instead of taking
the straight 20 hour drive to just doing
fan instead of taking the 20 hour drive
straight to DC we're gonna go about five
to six hours to New Orleans today not to
like party or anything like that just to
like check out the city and and uh it's
just just a place for us to rest and
stop instead of doing the 20-hour drive
a lot of traveling in the next two days
but should still be a good fun time man
alright guys so we've been driving for
about two and a half hours or in
Louisiana shots on the wane we're stuck
in traffic right now I don't know what
else to vlog today let's up fast it's
our time
how's the Delta America is amazing
they'll move on you real estate where to
LA I like hotel
that's the day
where are you going
will cause get back get back bro let's
come back well I didn't mean to say that
nothing wow I didn't know you guys were
talking I just sent her a text
the first exercise ever gotten in his
life those guys like training for a
triathlon right now get our workouts in
Olympic Olympic gold
no excuses you have many excuses no idea
Wow
hopefully nobody got hurt but open road
time
what's up got locked April where we in
Louisiana knew all as you feel me little
way so we just try to go through O'Hara
hores cusine on the checked our IDs
right away we're all 21 but Adams ID our
London mate couldn't go through because
they didn't recognize his idea that yo
you can't go through so now we have to
walk all the way around get the bags
come all the way back but you know shoot
kind of heavy good job we're gonna need
that Lil Wayne Louisiana mixtape you
know what I'm sayin I'm so Holly Grove
New Orleans Louisiana at home sleep Home
Depot you will need a hammer I'm just
kidding we're not gonna Holly Grove I
don't want to die a lot of people gonna
be like oh you guys cancelled North
Carolina to come turn up at New Orleans
no guys this was just a stop a pit stop
we said you know as instead of driving
20 hours to DC let's just drive New
Orleans and I want to apologize again
for canceling the North Carolina show a
lot of people don't know the reason
because they didn't watch the vlog on my
IG and they were just being like super
like Oh screw you guys fuck you guys
like why'd you have to cancel the show
like if you actually watch the vlog
vlogs you understand and you know what's
going on you know I'm saying I know a
lot of you guys were commenting back and
telling them what the what the situation
was so I appreciate you guys for that
like I said before man we don't have
anything planned right now because it's
all up in the air but in the near future
very near future we will be coming to
North Carolina for you guys all right
guys so here we go about to go explore
New Orleans we're gonna go eat first
because we is hungry we got an early
Drive tomorrow morning so weekend could
be out too late we have some good news
that we just found out Farook and GM
will be back in time for DC this weekend
so the full squad is back intact
we're really happy about that DC is
gonna be honestly super lit
hi MA
how's your cruise strat Cuba traffic you
guys it's so humid over here that my
lens keeps getting all foggy so if you
see like the lights in the background
kind of like shine weird or if it gets
kind of clogged up my apologies Canal
Street
this Canal Street like over there
cutting right reminds me of like a lack
once I Drive over there what is this
place called Oceano is over here at new
orleans about to go in on this food they
haven't ate since subway this morning
super excited to go in let's go in guys
happy birthday too
we're over here in Bourbon Street where
it's super turn like people turn it up
all the way back they're like I wish I
had like two three days to stay here
because this thing is like crazy right
here man
I didn't want to walk because they're
all sticky and hot so we're taking a
rickshaw back to the hotel the other
guys stayed behind to go take some
pictures but we're gonna head to the
room because we got to go put in work we
gotta edit this vlog you can just go to
a crew TV so crew TV with a cute
