how y'all doing let's just at each town
downtown chopped at school
what's going on guys so currently in
h-town right now we are in Houston we
just got to downtown I believe where the
pop-up shop is going to be for today's
event
none of the guys are here they're all
running late we still have two hours
until the events supposed to start so
we're technically not late or anything
we're just not even everyone's here so
okay guys I promise that this is the
last fattening meal that I will have
chicken and waffles we go on in right
then guys I'm from London my name is
Adam and I'm out here with five pillars
and dream crew Brooklyn London London in
the building mate
you
alright guys so here is where it is
going to start guys we are currently in
Houston right now you guys saw the line
it is freaking insane outside top man is
crazy got h-town showing so much love
man we are at the eight one eight one
sneaker house in Houston and we about to
take a picture the first people we let
in right here the twins what's up y'all
we let them in first and yeah we're
about to get this thing started so let's
go I bring it in real quick okay let's
do this brother you guys come in here
come in come in Kuwait we do this we do
this before every pop-up mama let's go
everybody
we can't get everyone let's work hard
but let's have fun everyone bring in
let's go baby just grab me on three one
two two let's go so a shock to mystery
when you vote I saw the first batch of
homies that came through came at 7:00
a.m. all these guys was good got the
boxes we out here with the boxes 7:00
a.m. boys so outside it's actually
raining so we're trying to get the line
going pretty quick right now so we're
just you know pictures pictures
hey redneck strong but
bring it back
nice basil bro lukkage a daughter
if you guys can hear that that's rain
pouring still it's insane show me sure
sure
I know my water coming up where you
going man I'm sorry then it was worth
the wait
sad to my brain
I'm heavy all of a sudden BAM okay so
since we have like hella people waiting
outside getting wet and everybody's
taking pictures of themselves with us
we're going to run outside and get wet
to say what's up to everybody on the
block and then come back and take
pictures wet with them because if there
were in the pictures why not us you know
so it all looks like we went through the
same type of activity okay here we go
guys
I think that we're oh my god man hopes
that it mess up my camera but if I did
man it's worth it because Houston you
guys are killing it right now how what
the hijab we are men we care about more
than hours of people out but they're
easy our mess my stretch like it isn't
least drench suffocate oh you forgot to
put them crippled as you say I need it
to shout-out to my family to Kristen
Branden Andrew meatball he couldn't be
here but you know all the sudden bit all
of a sudden fam shown the sugar owed a
bit from the shoe game chemistry game
you know oh I had I've been here since
10:00 I've been here since 9:00 o'clock
and my boss which is wet so can y'all
sign it for me yeah after the last
signature he's doing y'all are the goats
man some people were to their cars on
laundry for the slaw
hey so this guy right here is the
smartest guy first of all he didn't have
crept protect on his shoes so he came up
with another solution but the users in
the bag this is nothing like you have to
be like - yeah all of a sudden fat man
you guys don't know how happy I am you
guys don't deserve to be that you told
me you told me I can't get this The Dark
Knight series maybe the trilogy very
appreciate you thank you man we have a
long ride tomorrow and we're gonna watch
this all three of them thank you very
she's you give me a hug man Thank You
Man thank you the homie right here was
good yeah
Sasa my friend out there Jesse my
boy Hector yeah man he's soaking wet and
he's got Easy's on he got classic Easy's
oh not the new new check this out
damn bro is to see that the easy talkin
to you but a time for a new pair though
huh true hey guys so these guys right
here I feel bad for him because he had
some flats they got messed up room look
at the face the blood on there
it's like bleeding and everything man
lose are these their minds the oars are
wine yeah let's just say these through
you got to buy you a new pair the Papa
just ended man I am honestly drained but
it was so great to meet each and every
one of my h-town joon-kook family
members man you guys killed it today you
guys set the bar high for the tour the
line was insane from the Sun to the rain
you guys stood out there and just wanted
to hang out and meet us all I gotta say
is I love there's a lot going on right
now that I'm gonna talk to you guys
about soon but we need to figure out a
few things and we're tired bunch of
listen hey shout out to these dope ass
employees was good this man right here
was running things brought what's good
what's good guys you cussed out a lot of
people today because nobody else
I said hail a nigger April I appreciate
you though man thank you guys man this
man right here - thank you bro put in
work today fam this man right here
but it worked whole town not a channel
each town Elsa or London come found on
my bed better all of a sudden fun all of
a sudden alright guys so we are finally
gone from the shop we are currently at
the Galleria Mall
wait there's hotels here those hotel
rooms right there that's crazy
this dude awkward is trying to get a
grill since we're in Houston so he's
asking like employees like where he can
get a girl at the mall you really want a
girl Jean like I'm looking for a girl
catch me on the snap son I'm about to
sell more Philly like so no chick Billy
we got Millie in the building oh stop
are you ready yeah go get the beat for
me are you getting so come on I'm a
young fully nigga born and raised in the
streets in like bread lettuce and tomato
I'm ready for the beach bitch you think
you fly but you Billy at my feet and you
can call me mister furnace because I
always spit that heat young retro
pulling up smooth man
they've already don't over get into I'm
dead-ass tired
oh we just walked around the mall it is
close I had some food everybody had some
food hey did the drink boat was coming
the drink vocals not we working on it
yeah we still working on him but yeah
the homie had to come through it was
good what's good with you bro just
chilling chilling with cars and rumor
has it
young retro is coming to Cali soon we're
gonna be doing some work together
sure I'm too tired to do any work right
now or else we'll be doing some work
right now but we just came to the mall
to kick it man
you bought five cakes overall thoughts
on Houston the best city so far is gonna
be very very hard to talk the tongue I'm
giving maybe New York Chicago chance Oh
me yeah I don't know these stood in the
rain soaking wet unlike anybody else
would do that I like that but anyway
guys there is something that we need to
talk to you guys about because
unfortunately when it comes to life
there are some twists and turns and
unexpected things that are happening on
this trip
everything has been thrown at us and
we've had to like work with it like
challenges and another bad thing
happened is a Farouk and GM they have
some family issues so they literally
just got on a plane and they left Texas
and they're going back home to the Bay
Area
so that leaves only five of us we are
left with the decision is do we continue
the tour without them or do we miss the
next show and just skip a few days for
the rest of the team to come back so
that's what we have to decide as a team
if we can accept that challenge and make
it happen
it's also okay I don't even go through
with it the thing is tomorrow we have to
drive what do we drive to I think okay
the road is this my idea
I think which you cancelled it only
based on the reason it gives us enough
time for rook and GM to give us an
update on one of the situation is why I
do with my brother that we can't just
keep Charlotte only because we're tired
no no because GM and Ford you know I
said yeah there's so many factors that
help with improve for the other shows it
is a 20 hour fifteen minute drive
basically gonna take you started oh god
guys I gotta give you guys a quick
update I did speak to the rest of the
guys and we had a little group meeting
like I was telling you guys earlier
unfortunately you know some things a lot
of things on the tour are order out of
our power we're doing our best to make
these things go smooth as possible
but unfortunately that is not always the
case Farouk and GM two of the guys who
obviously represent five pillars on the
tour they have to take a flight tonight
and go back home to the bay for some
personal reasons the main thing is that
there's five of us now so basically the
next show the next pop-up shop is in
Charlotte on Wednesday and then
Washington DC on Friday so basically we
got together and as a group we decided
that it is best for us to cancel the
next show and Charlotte to regroup
figure out how we're going to finish
this tour and come up with a game plan
this tour isn't being put together
a huge company who's you know just
hiring us this tour is literally put
together from seven friends who wanted
to go across country and meet the people
who support them you know what I'm
saying in a freaking car that we rented
in freaking hotels that we're booking
but we're not going to cancel DC so our
next pop-up shop will be Washington DC
and we just added the location of that
the location for the pop-up shop in DC
is at the kick spot in Georgetown and I
will put the address for that in the in
the info down below I hope everybody in
Charlotte forgives us we won't make it
up to you guys in the near future
nothing planned right now but in the
near future we will do something in
Charlotte to make up for this I'm gonna
end the vlog on that note I'm out of
here
give this vlog a big thumbs up I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another vlog I
need some sleep
