just give me the time of the day I won't
be right on my way I'm running with
triggers its prey ladies love me gonna
stay what's going on guys so I'm
currently the hotel room we were
supposed to check out 40 minutes ago
oh shit no we're supposed to check out
an hour ago we're the only ones left
right here this is only the last two
people how y'all doing let's just say in
the morning I woke up and went on the
run was I thinking oh yeah so shout out
to the home adjusted he gave me this at
sneaker Con yesterday I'm about to open
it up we've got some Chex Mix who wants
Chex Mix
USA glasses oh we got strawberry
chocolate chip Hershey's some Huff's aw
hell yeah USA Huff song some gum you
want go yeah sing some going this that
has my name on it here yes from Justin
let's see what's in this box right here
it's like tightly glued I'm hungry oh
you see some I never seen a 750 keychain
bracelet right here's paired up emoji
stickers are these tattoos all these are
tattoos Chipotle Mexican Grill mini
Tabasco sauce rck sticker and a Yeezy
350 keychain shout-out to Justin thank
you for all the goodies you're starving
you rotting away but you know I said to
pace how did you cops on me on the
flip-flops and and you know I like that
phantom line and not for me no more
hey 10 yeah
good morning and morning good morning
I'm all right love
hi good luck good morning good morning
for the 10th time they got me I'm back
to my ways because they don't have what
it takes
Dallas it was a great first time in you
but
I call Shotgun damn it I call single
seat I call the back
alright guys so just finished up
breakfast I wanted to talk a little bit
about crew kicks because I've been
messing up before the tour started I
thought I was going to be able to upload
five days a week on crew kicks and vlog
daily and upload daily but it's not
working out if you've been paying
attention basically last week all crew
kicks I missed two days for the first
time ever not because I'm being lazy
it's just because we've been in the car
so much it's been hectic as hell and
before I start talking about crew kicks
I do want to say that I'm super excited
to announce that food cakes my sneaker
channel hit 300 thousand subscribers
that's 300 thousand subscribers in 10
months we are two months away from the
one-year anniversary and it seems like
it was just yesterday that I was
starting a channel man it is crazy how
that channel has grown and what it had
done for me in less than a year so if
you haven't subscribed subscribe all
right guys so here's the deal what's it
like make no patty okay so tomorrow
shows in Houston we're trying to debate
whether or not we should go to Houston
today or stop in Austin today get a free
place to stay tonight if we go to Austin
but if we go to Houston we got to get
Airbnb so right now we're trying to do a
great group decision
so that's family budget are you getting
two to three bedrooms Adams goal is to
swim in every city right give me a chunk
or two I'll go be done man - perfect -
dreams I'm mated I don't even do this is
that shit that you feel I'm sorry and I
don't need a smoke and I ain't poppin no
pills created a flow that you crave so
we're gonna get some dessert right now
because we're filling up gas and there's
a Sonic's across the street so pick up
the phone and order where's all your
Venture it's happy hour
no can I get a UH beautiful ectopy sonic
block Wario in a medium that's a vision
all right they give you I hope you
manage without me YG o is our own
handshake oh it was right yeah just
bring it back for the sword let's do it
for handshake oh we take we take the
taller person on top remember taller
person on top right
why he doesn't know that feels I know
hi guys so remember when I told you that
I got these these tattoos removable
tattoos earlier like I'm gonna try to do
it on a bed right now he's been sleeping
for about thirty minutes so I'm gonna
chomp it on his forehead I do
good morning good morning family I just
said and I have a good sleep
haha you so fella no last night goes
hectic you feelin goofy like you want to
just stick your tongue out and like I'm
in Texas
I heard about that actually
you're volatile like almost um but yeah
now our wife you see
no serious piece of the hell is this who
did this
do you if they're from marker what how'd
you get draw so freakin good holy shit
why was it why isn't it coming on you
want me to push it on your forehead you
were sleeping hundred snoring like this
did you see me push sharpener thing or
if I mean it's tough yeah you did come
on me no you can't be doing it rubs off
I have an event yeah but what if you're
telling we're doing you're gonna you
know you had that all day right yeah I
haven't yet as he hadn't ins morning yo
we have water something yeah I'm good
I've been working to it
it took some time I was working through
it just give me the top of the day I'll
be right along
I'm running which is pride might as well
be over study it chuffing you rotting
away which you know wasn't attack they
cut me I'm back to my way cuz they don't
have to take all the week it'll be guy
big enough otherwise sir I don't know
why I switch it up the turnip leg I made
it I don't even do that she but you feel
I'm sluggin that don't be too small and
I ain't popping the girls created a
floor that you tried you wanna buy the
side I'm telling y'all just be
