Oh
it's currently uh 6:30 a.m. we're
supposed to hit the road at 6:00 but
we're never on time as you guys can see
so I got to figure out how to wake up
these guys get ready and pack up all
stuff and try to be out here by 7
o'clock
we've got 30 minutes Phoenix thank you
for a great show and today is off to
Dallas
everybody this morning tweeted me a
video called what's inside Yeezys
there's this YouTube channel that's run
by a man and his son and it's a huge
channel with like 3 million subscribers
and they like I think they've only been
up for a I want to say a little less
than a year it could be wrong but
basically they did what's inside of a
pair of Yeezys so I'm gonna watch it for
the first time I've been meaning to do
this all day I'm gonna go ahead and
watch the video and check it out what
though hey that's the crew kicks intro
thingy yeah they do and they're about it
they got really easy
no fake ones exposed impressive so he
did his homework which is really dope he
didn't just buy a shoe and then cut the
middle he did his research how does that
guy know about you Z's I seen him in
KC's videos ok this is that's like what
is all this extra stuff I'm gonna
forward because I don't I just want to
see him cut the easies ok see my
favorite youtuber and my favorite shoe
Casey and turtle does that's crazy
BAM forwarding cuz there's like this is
like a vlog but I just want to see the
shoe get cut I wonder how much what
website they got those from alright here
we go
I know a lot of you guys gonna be like
you should do that to your Yeezys oh my
god
he's cutting right down the middle
this is hard to watch okay the shoelace
has got jammed I'm really interested to
see what the boost looks like cut in
half
ah it's painful to watch that oh that
was so painful oh wow you can see the
boosts the you can see the boost cut in
half that's so dope it literally looks
like styrofoam cut right in the middle I
will link the video down below if you
guys want to watch it if you haven't
seen it yet
I can browse Odle areas last night I got
two hours of sleep guys the rest of the
guys are mad at us because we were
supposed to leave our hotel at 6:00 a.m.
it's currently 8 a.m. I couldn't get
these guys to wake up as you saw are
they alive they're downstairs in the
lobby
next hotel we staying I'm gonna fly a
drone above the pool party the one on
yesterday right yeah yeah all right guys
so we're making a stop to go eat before
we hit the road for Dallas we're gonna
have ourselves about a 20 hour drive
we're actually across the street from
the Phoenix Suns arena so shout out to
brought bar weight is I'm out here fam
even though he probably doesn't even
know who I am hopefully one day I'll be
going to a game here because my goal in
life is to go to one home game of every
NBA team fam we're about to get ran over
and I can't I can't I'm limping my knee
hurts what's going on guys so we just
made our first stop and we are at Target
because we need rocks we need to buy an
iPad break it down as you go Hey okay G
my look so we have a DVD player in our
car and in this 20-hour drive obviously
we're gonna get really bored so I'm
trying to see if they have Batman you
nearly adapted to the dog I was born in
it hey 20 bucks
the Batman trilogy all these movies
you're not gonna have Batman in red
balls it's all research sounds to be
Batman you know it like wasn't the best
movie knowing line-by-line even were
sitting there was he gone
easy yeah we should have got that movie
bro I don't like the politics in today's
okay he's five because that movie what
are you gonna rent a Red Box you get a
recent movie what are you gonna get meet
the neighbors part two
shake what is pp I'm gonna be Batman
now max be malleable easy what's so sofa
what up trap every time I do
okay go bro
alright guys we are not even that far
past our last prop basically we're
moving really slow
we're estimated to get to Dallas at 5
a.m. and then we got to be at sneaker
con at 9 a.m. our time management needs
to be worked on with the tour but I mean
we're learning day-to-day every day time
management family communication
communication hashtag communication
you
quick update on what's going on
now what cost is naked in the back again
why'd you just woke up from a nap the
guys are in the front this is the second
time I'm doing this by the way because
my mic was off the guys are in the front
talking penny stock if anything talking
about penny stocks how where are we New
Mexico we're in New Mexico right now
passing through about to hit up El Paso
Texas
Mexico's over there I've never been to
Mexico I've never been to Dallas so I'm
super excited
I've never the Texas actually so
damn so there's like thunder going on
how did we go from the burning hot heat
to Thunder out here in New Mexico are we
still in New Mexico now we left from
where Texas El Paso where Texas that's
my first time in Texas Aggies leaving
first time in Texas man we made it and
we're going to an outlet mall these
right here are actually really dope
these remind me of the Black History
Month they used to make the they made a
few years ago they made the Black
History Month Nike sneakers this
colorway right here my sock Don and yeah
how much is the best in here are you
looking for resale stuff my shoes bro
she's
David Letterman Odo's cyber monday
Lowe's Kobe's sorry is anybody checked
you guys have a size 12 in this test
well yeah Agutter cream thank you you
know shoes these are but again what
they're called yeah let's go from your
mother
he knows his stuff some people say they
let me go check through the river no no
the name of the shoe so you know you got
a premature guys it just went from
raining to crazy-ass win right now a
mini tornado
this is payday
alright guys so it's been a few hours
since that storm in El Paso Texas is
currently like 8:30 a.m. we literally
have been driving for about 24 hours
which is way longer than it should have
been but I don't know it was just a
mixture of time management again and we
need to adjust something we need to have
a good meeting and figure this out
because it's not going as planned and
everything is just unorganized we've
discussed different types of things we
can do to help fix the process but we
haven't come up with a exact solution
yet we're about an hour away from Dallas
nikan starts at 12 o'clock it is 8:00
something we're not going to be able to
get to sneak a con by 11:00 our goal is
to get to sneak on by 9:00 but we gotta
go check into the hotel and freshen up
again this is a learning freakin process
that's not going well
