falling off the Eiffel Tower click me
alright guys so we're walking to supreme
right now we're gonna go check out what
they have inside and as always you know
we can't film inside so I'm gonna try to
keep it subtle but I'm gonna see if I
could do $100 supreme sword challenge
Tony just texted me and told me there's
nothing really in there he was just in
there so I don't have too much too many
how do you say it I don't have high
expectations and I have high
expectations but we're gonna see what
they have I feel like they might have a
few things sitting because like in
America
the hype is on another level you got a
cross over here so let's go see what
they have
right and then also the bag this is the
little bag
so basically they had a ton of stuff
that would basically sell out in America
at the store and it was nothing crazy
hype - but it was still like dope stuff
so I bought a whole bunch of things I
wasn't able to do the hundred dollar
challenge like you know I can't do
hundred dollar challenges I try but it
doesn't work I'll show you guys
everything when we get back to the hotel
oh this is it
the hell which off-white no way Air
Force Ones I don't think it's for sale
not for sale
damn these are safer here we're a Nike
lab right now catching the vibes here we
thought they had the off whites but it
was just a display played us hard this
is fine
190 okay so Nike lab has some good
things but it's mainly stuff that you
could get back home so there's honestly
no point of picking it up now and
dragging it along for the rest of the
trip so damn they even have the nike
supreme hats here I like how they have
mirrors here because then I could just
like show myself while I'm shopping
that's pretty
hi guys so we're about to go to the baby
store now the babe store just opened
maybe like a week ago they got a lot of
exclusives that drop like Paris babe
exclusive so hopefully they have some of
that leftover but here's the outside of
it
bambam shower cookies on deck
alright guys so we are back at the hotel
room now and we're packing up to leave
in the morning we have a train ride not
a flight we have a train ride to
Amsterdam so we're going to Amsterdam
tomorrow before we go to Berlin for
sneaker convert Lane I got to show you
guys my supreme pickups let me dig in
the bag show you guys when I got first
thing I got now I know this is probably
really really ugly but I didn't buy it
for this side it's actually reversible
but I got this supreme vest
I think this dropped about two weeks ago
I want to say this is the site I bought
it for just the solid black I'm gonna
wear it with like a hoodie during the
wintertime just a solid black - like
vest I haven't had one of these since a
couple years so like let me see how I
could you know rock this vest look
supreme vest retail was i'ma tell you
guys the retail price so you guys can
compare it to u.s. prices cuz I know I
feel like these are a little higher a
hundred fifty eight euros so that's like
what way more expensive than the US
supreme which is which is kind of crappy
so that's the first piece second piece
right here this camo supreme long sleeve
pocket tee like I know it's from this
season but I don't remember from what
week it is but this one was 78 year old
so again another kind of pricey but I
mean there's a good quality long sleeve
digital camo and then Mina got this
black right here this black zip-up
hoodie this is actually surprising that
they just had this like a black on black
zip-up hoodie says supreme embroidered
or stitched in there and she got it in a
large so your boy can wear it too you
know saying 198 it's like 220 bucks or
something again I think that's a little
bit more expensive than it goes for the
USA supreme occasions to kind of gyp you
out here in Paris but whatever you know
I'm saying still payin resale even
though you're going to the actual store
and then I got one of these this is like
the little light things these restock
last week I think this is from the first
or second week job but they restock last
week and then they had a few Scott
sitting there so I cop one of these
supreme I don't really know how it works
but I was like you know as like
48 euro so I got one of these pretty
cool and then the last thing I got was
actually the supreme side bag I don't
know what it's called but it's a little
let me open it up so this little bag
right here has a strap also you know you
put it in your little side
get your man purse going I bought this
one and I was like you know what I'm
gonna do a giveaway so we're gonna do a
giveaway but only if this vlog gets
let's do 35,000 thumbs up 35,000 thumbs
up and we'll give away this supreme
brand-new side satchel side bag whatever
you call it
I'll give it away 35,000 thumbs up for
you guys so that's why I bought this and
then obviously every time you learn to
supreme they give you stickers and they
gave me hell the stickers but they gave
me like the one that we always get which
is just the box logo so we got we got
one two three four five six we got six
box logo stickers I'll throw in a stick
or two if you guys get 36,000 thumbs up
so 36,000 thumbs over thrown in a box
they'll go sticker that wraps it up for
the supreme pears pickups it was
actually really really good
yeah I'm really satisfied with it it was
it was fun to check out a different
supreme in a different country but one
last thing I want to say before I wrap
up this vlog supreme Berlitz Peter Lynch
your color Brooklyn this Saturday
make sure you guys come it's gonna be
dope we are gonna be selling the limited
edition crap protect collab shirts we
made enough for London and we made
enough for Berlin and then also this
Saturday we are dropping these right
here the dream crew private-label collab
bags they're gonna be on sale on private
labels website private label NYC at 12
o'clock Eastern there's very very
limited so if you really want one make
sure you cop it instantly I promise you
these things are gonna sell out like I
say for minutes I really think they're
gonna sell out in four minutes like we
drop the change those those sold out in
like two minutes
and these are gonna be $125 3m on the
inside 3m logo full camo holds up four
three shoes three shoes I don't need to
sell to you guys you already know what
the deal is this saturday and then next
weekend sneaker con new york i know i'm
you guys a lot of updates but I just
want to let you guys know because I
haven't really been talking about him in
the vlogs but sneaker con New York
December 16th and December 17th New York
City we're gonna be dropping the blazin
crew collab hoodie that's gonna be crazy
it's the first time me and him are
collaborating on anything so make sure
you if you're from New York City come
out and copy before it sells out because
this is gonna be a New York City
exclusive only for sneaker con New York
that's it and then we're never gonna
sell that one again and then we're doing
another collab that we can after but
I'll talk about that later and there was
one more thing oh yeah sneaker con New
York is also a hoops classic it's the
first ever 18 three-on-three tournament
dream crew kick genius mag park adamant
some Broadus eight different teams I
know only named I named a few of them
but there's eight different teams every
team's gonna have different jerseys
crazy matchups and B NBA playoff style
brackets and it's gonna be absolutely
crazy so yeah I'll update you guys more
on my Instagram and all that stuff and
that's gonna be the end of the vlog so
we'll see you guys in the next vlog in
Amsterdam
cuz you know it gets lit in Amsterdam
what are you doing
here's a funny story so basically when I
was really young I think I was like
seven six or seven maybe five years old
I don't remember how old I was but we
were walking in front of the Eiffel
Tower and I really needed to go to the
bathroom so I had no other choice but I
had to poop in a bush
so I pooped in a bush outside of the
Eiffel Tower I used the leaf to clean my
my my you know my my stuff and yeah I
might get the monetize for this little
story but it's all good because I get to
tell you guys about my Eiffel Tower
memory unfortunately I'm not going to be
re-enacting or you know doing that again
over here this time but it's still good
to come back I feel like I still smell a
little bit of it in the bushes
