I'm sitting in the front
we know you're supposed to put pads on
the bottom all right guys so here we go
time to hit the road it's currently 2:00
a.m. what time were we supposed to leave
midnight 11:00 midnight 11:11 we're
supposed to meet up 11:00 we were
supposed to leave three hours was it
there a long time ago so we're running
late we are on route route or out on
your own in route to Phoenix Arizona for
the first stop of the tour few of the
guys are in the other car cuz we got to
drop off the u-haul first and then we're
taking them up slow
- found the Taurus been delayed
I want Donuts guys should Google donuts
what's going on guys so the first stop
it's been like 30 40 minutes I'm hungry
as hell I haven't ate since it's about
honestly don't remember but I haven't
ate all day so I'm gonna see if I can
get some jack-in-the-box even though I
shouldn't be eating this we're estimated
to get to Phoenix two hours before the
event starts which is horrible
bro I wonder who was the first person to
fall asleep it was a Jeep Wednesday no
sleep
Park excuse me sir how you doing guys
I'm gonna go eat - hey what are you
eating huh a cheeseburger cheeseburger
why because it's 3 a.m. what are you
able to get a salad from okay so we
supposed supposed to be on a diet it's
currently like 5:00 a.m. we just took a
little stop right here we're about three
hours away from the Phoenix beautiful
out here I don't know where we are we're
not in Phoenix yeah I just like a place
where you come to shoot a hip-hop music
video and you drive your Ferrari around
and cause he'll the smoke from the dust
he's living good feeling better guys
earlier when we were at the gas station
I wasn't into a stupid and I tried
to jump from the church from the trailer
to inside the car and I just hit my knee
so hard
first edition I don't know if you guys
could see this Pope right here but
and you guys see me on the toilet I'm
sitting down it's because I have pain in
my knee cuz I'm the idiot so it's not
even been one day and I would you 10:07
a.m. we're gonna be arriving in like
less than 15 minutes Phoenix is the only
place where the event is taking place at
the hotel or stage so it's it's very
convenient for us all the other places
are at sneaker shops and there's a few
people waiting in the lobby cuz I got
some tweets so so that's pretty pretty
dope it's hot as hell out here fam my
are you wearing a sweater you guys make
me fun fun because I left it was cold as
hot over years
the kids are amazing you guys are
amazing for this let's check it out
we're finally going down to the lobby
all Club lighting right here we go guys
over 200 people I told you Phoenix right
yeah by the way I'm wearing two bleach
tea that you guys saw those beliefs the
other day I think it came out dope
today
oh wow lines out the door family
yeah I heard about that actually okay so
while we're waiting for the merch stand
to get set up I've played a couple games
of pool this guy just beat me because I
made the white ball second album I took
that I made the white ball when I should
have made the black ball but you wanted
to be in the vlog so it was good
shout out to Gerardo Alex Carlos for
giving me the right here Rodrigo
shout - Josh Chris now I'm only gonna
put your shout-out in if you dab that's
it yeah I'm only putting shoutouts in
the vlog if you dab if you don't dab
it's not going there you need to dab
while you're doing the shoutout alright
the shadows that come for Mexico you
know there are Mexico but Colonel CAI's
best youtuber bro thank you bro let's
just say he got his workout in for the
day
so you guys know that Nike chanel Jersey
I have the homie over here made his own
and check this out
Nike dream crew jersey signed it for him
that's dobro I appreciate you give me a
hug man
Thank You Man alright so here we go a
little home he was good bro hey channel
living sneakers shot skies for inspired
inspiration
appreciate you one more dad one more
damn hit it and oh the pause alright so
first of all this homie right here you
looked Elif amilia and then I guess we
met him at Steve York on Cleveland
so say what's good what's up guys it
hurts them all look at this shirt look
at this shirt okay go ahead alright so
we've been working on this custom for
about a year now putting in the work all
day it's all we need to complete is your
signature is all you oh here we go
first of all why is rice gum you shout
out the rice go boom it was good bro
hey yeah but you got it you got a dad
when you shout out that's the rule today
shout out to Adam and yeah he didn't
make it because he's in Tucson yeah one
more death bro flawless right there the
little homie showed up with the dopey
shoes in the building hey what's up man
all of a sudden fam
a shout-out to the Coco family exclusive
with the easy guys you have no idea what
happened just like two hours ago it was
mayhem so basically we were doing the
the meetup and the merchandise and there
was two lines I was vlogging with
everybody interacting and it just got so
hectic and it is how many degrees is it
outside it's 110 110 it's a hundred and
ten degrees and apparently a kid who was
12 years old and didn't have a guardian
was waiting in line for merch and the
merch line goes outside by the pool and
he got overheated and he passed out so
right when that happened the hotel which
we completely respect I said we have to
shut this down that's a fire hazard it's
a safety hazard there's over 200 people
in the lobby and then another like 50
people outside and another 50 people on
the merch line so there was tons of
people here and the capacity for the
lobby itself was only less than 100 and
there was 200 people in here so we what
we had to do is we have to shut down
everything and it took us an hour and a
half to just shut it down
we didn't sell merch and our main
priority was to just finish the line and
take pictures with the people who are
already inside and we tried to make that
happen for everybody who was here I want
to apologize if I might have seen like I
wasn't ignoring you I wasn't I was
trying to handle the situation I was
trying to run around and make things
work and just meet as many people as
possible I tried to take pictures I
tried to make everything work but it was
just hectic man and
yeah been the Phoenix gonna shut down
ain't gone to see everything just got
messed up even us we're all fighting
like I'm gonna keep it real with you
guys we're all bumping heads we're all
fighting but we talked it out for about
two hours now and we worked it out and
we said you know what no more of this
we're gonna show up set everything up
get everything organized and we I
haven't ate since jack-in-a-box last
night so that just shows you how what
we've been going through and we're not
here to complain because this is this is
a learning experience and again this
whole tour is a test so as we go on is
it gonna keep being fails are we gonna
finally get it organized and start
winning it was long so you've missed the
mayhem earlier bro oh my god if we had
this traveling it's gonna be so dope
screw the diet Ivan a since last night I
convinced all these guys to come here
and they agreed
your jacket yeah have you didn't eat day
already so after today no hey guys do
not let me have pizza after this I'm
done people you know only other pizza I
can have a little Chicago I started
telling tell you on the road yesterday a
jack-in-the-box I had egg no I rather
have Chicago pizza the New York Pizza no
disrespect to my New York people but DC
all Valentino's ok no Pete I'll take one
Valentino's and then in Chicago so three
times in two weeks is not bad right
because of my knee situation from last
night I'm gonna take it easy in the gym
today and I am in the gym even though I
had pizza even though I'm on the road I
am Here I am dedicated to keep up with
these two brothers and I'm dedicated to
keep up with this man right here
what's up every bride mode right grandma
even on days of the show
- we Fitness loss challenge coming soon
no more pizza alright guys so a nice
little dip into the pool we have
officially decided we have 24 hours to
get to Dallas instead of leaving tonight
and driving at the night time we did we
were able to get two rooms at the hotel
so we'll be passing out here tonight
things I've been just hectic but it's
all smooth sailing from here hopefully
hopefully you know I'm saying still got
two more weeks the next stop is Dallas
Texas for sneaker con super excited to
go to Texas for my first time oh god
wait a minute
y'all thought I was finished okay first
of all I gotta show you guys all the
love that you guys gave me okay today
was a fat day for me I had pizza you
guys gave me my favorite candies so you
guys gave me Randy like you guys are
nothing at all come on
but anyway before I do in the vlog I was
gonna end it outside but then I came
back up and I saw this and a young homie
he gave me this and they both I think
the older brother created it I could be
wrong I can't remember what they said
I'm horrible but I think the older
brother created it but it is super dope
thank you guys and now he's behind the
curtain just
meet at time of the day I won't be late
on my way I'm running with triggers that
spray might as well be gonna stay you're
surfing you riding away but you know I
said the place
