pretty sure I have a ticket yep fail try
that again currently 3pm just now
getting out of the house I've been doing
like editing and filming and getting
prepared to leave and like it's just a
whole bunch of mayhem and I just need to
eat because I haven't ate all day one
she's a big fan bro nice shirt first of
all thank you what's up a song before
I'm like I'm talking one day oh the
winner right here again oh shut up for
our blockade oh yeah go ahead sure Tata
Andy slaughter ranks so I'm feeling a
little bit better today my nose has been
running my throat is getting better so I
think by tomorrow we should be good
because tomorrow we leave for phoenix
and thursday is the first stop of the
tour in phoenix they just picked up the
truck today Farooq is coming with all
the merchandise today did I already tell
you guys and stuff I can't remember I'm
Adam alright guys so I've literally been
home all day sleeping i had the fattest
headache all day and I've been sick as
you guys know what I feel a little bit
better now but there's a lot of drama
when it's coming to the tour right now
man there's a lot of heads bumping and
we haven't even hit the road there's a
lot of miscommunication okay look
communication why you looking at me I
everyone even look at my phone I'll
still me to play with it I've been
filming all day he's too I wasn't mad
about him I didn't look at my phone I
swear to God when I start texting zones
on look at the messages oh the only
reason I got pissed right it went when I
lasagna one hour away just black girl
were filming oh I see I didn't even look
at my phone to see that message so i
don't know thanks everyone yeah I didn't
look at my phone and I called you see I
look at my phone at all i don't know i
said i'm on the way I feel it again
I what happened to the car we reserve
that's what I want to know so the open
up that car they said okay that card
they said you can pick it up in Phoenix
and that car didn't have a hitch either
for the tree so we got to pick it up in
Phoenix still picking up in Phoenix yeah
we top it out and finish bottom we have
to pay an extra thousand dollars why can
we switch it so we saved money with this
new car we're saving hella munoz over a
thousand dollars I'm gonna pocket that
I'm just kidding just kidding yeah no
Gasman yeah of course there's this new
car roomie or what seven seater there's
seven of us just a screw me for me you
guys aren't lying broad alright guys so
this is a parently our car for the next
two weeks this is all you care about the
freaking TV oh and it's go get some
movies tonight that's what we need
Batman well the whole lot all right man
Murtaugh preparation watching why you
still doing the print shop thank you
whoo group brought half of the five more
than half of the five pillars warehouse
with it and you guys can see right here
yeah all of the five photos where else
friends and family blocks it shoe trees
are clear and then the ones that are
going on sale to everybody else are
white something a little bit different
for the homies are you guys so back at
mid watch geez place we're looking at
all the merch I'm rocking their hat I'm
the first person to have their hat this
is gonna be available on the tour
something for the kids which is there so
long wise it's not focused something for
the kids on the dad cap super dope and
then you got the right there it says mb
in Arabic which is obviously Mahmud
brothers I got that hat I'm gonna be
rocking this to the torso that will be
available on the tour for their merch
and then this is their shirt right here
this is the first this is a cruise TV
exclusively in like booty because you
know what bad guys check this this is a
long for the kids something for the kids
honestly
there's pretty dope blowing noise and
then it says mb on the front for the
night time I try this at his hat on dude
you look good in that hat man I'm
telling you like you like I think she's
like it in everything that you that's
just so you said I said that earlier
than your likes and then also on top of
the box set and then there emerged in
the five pillars shirt we also did a
collab tour shirt so this is the first
collab torture and we all came up with
the idea of the Hollywood sign but we
wanted to say family so this is a
backwards view of the Hollywood sign
looking over Los Angeles and it says
family so I'll carry that the answers
family and on the inside tank it says no
friends just favor wait there's more on
the back fam and all the city all the
cities i think that we are visiting for
the tour five pillars Jillian crew
normal brothers I think that that's one
of the hottest race lately I can't
tomorrow I don't know if I can I don't
forget me the love with you for that
long let's just say put me across the
damn car because I don't sighs that's
good we have a DVD player so we'll be
watching a lot of movies if i give you
that's all he talks about your freaking
easy no Big Easy's yeah every blog I do
Loki the last like / 66 out of like
seven bucks on socks to be apologizing
to play easy in the next block I don't
know if y'all let me know I never
 alright guys so we are
officially two days away from the first
show super excited and I'm gonna
announce right now that we did get a
sponsor so I gotta announce that we got
a sponsor for the tour yeah man so
basically we leave tomorrow night at
midnight and then the first show is
thursday in phoenix arizona so i will
put the location of the phoenix show
right here it is completely free for you
guys to come and hang out with us you
don't have to buy anything we will have
merch for sale it will be the first city
that has the exclusive box set the tour
is officially sponsored by journey
journey the app I will put it in the
description box down below for you guys
to download it we will all be actively
using the journey AB de Leon the torso
will be doing updates and all that stuff
so make sure you guys get download the
journey app it journey is crazy like
I've told you guys about it before but
it's like bitch
a video diary of what you do daily and
it's crazy because you can update it
many times and people respond to your
post with videos so it's like a video
conversation rather than people
commenting on there and it's really dope
so basically we're going to be using it
on the tour and i will put the download
link and then follow me and yeah shout
out the journey for being the official
sponsor of the no friends just family
tour alright so originally when we came
up with the ideas of the t's we wanted
them to have bleach but unfortunately
there were some problems at the factory
and timing so they couldn't do it so
what we do g so we took our own not
everybody else's because there's a
that's a lot we took our three and we
decided to just bleach it ourselves so
we just bleach them soon as you guys can
see we went a little crazy but wanted it
to look dope so everybody's is different
this is mine right here check that out
yo it will look way better tomorrow when
it dries up and everything with the back
of the tea that's fine you guys can
check out the other ones too that now
there's some next level of things with
this movie
I can find a product you look way better
think in terms of one who dries up it
looks like an actual conscious yeah yeah
exactly she's just about you they do
something else with this something for
the kids someone akiza once it dries out
will be dope cuff yo chick to off your
chick tour alright guys so heading back
home I gotta go rest still getting over
this sickness so hopefully I'll be a
little bit better by tomorrow alright
guys so it's currently 330am I've spent
the last two hours setting up the box
that's right here as you guys can see
these are the box sets right here this
is my first time setting it up and
seeing how big it is I'm super dope as
you guys can see that five pills look
like look at that shine to it I was
going to show you guys what's inside the
box set everything I've only shown you
guys the hat and the shoe trees but I
decided why not be smart and make you
guys go to crew kicks to see what's in
the box today so today on crew kicks i'm
going to be showing you guys the
complete box set with the shirt the
socks the hat and shoe trees so make
sure you guys head over to crew kicks
today it will be up later today and i'm
gonna end the video on that note I got
something dope coming in tomorrow a lot
going and there's a lot of lot of stuff
going on tomorrow and tactic man things
are really hectic putting a tour
together seemed easy until the day
before we leave so it's going to be
crazy but it's going to be a blessing so
I'm super excited and I'm I can't wait
to get that first show going man Phoenix
I'm so excited so let's do this and I'm
