testing one two three testing one two
three all right guys so it is nighttime
right now as you guys can tell look
who's with me are you guys good we are
at Adam in Slim's air B&B were about to
go kick it with them do a challenge
video but I'm actually going to be
pulling a prank on Adam so Adam got a
pair of Yeezys not too long ago and I
kind of messed with them over a over
text message saying like you're those
look fake those look fake so what I'm
gonna do is when I get the opportunity
I'm gonna swap out his Easy's for a fake
pair that Ahmed bought and that's in his
vlog if you want to check it out but
this is hella good oh yeah first of all
this Adam is in the freakin hood right
now but I guess so yeah so that's see
does that make sense so we'll be like
I'm gonna crack a door open and act like
somebody else took it and swap perfect
Allah is this the right one first of all
your boyfriend so overall game is strong
all of a sudden are you good so you came
to LA you're riding your drive trains
now and shit hey guys okay Adam just
went to the bathroom right now I think
this is the perfect opportunity I'm
gonna replace his easy
where's the shooter I think right no no
your slippers right here take his Easy's
or a patisserie Horace changed all so
then what happened you weapon into K
guys oh my god oh so these are you
dressed nice surprise is right next to
me is one right next no way yeah so I
got all the other kinds my lovely
bullshit
zip it can I screw it up with there you
always right next you should write looks
right no wrong way shove it yo Johnny
was going on - yup these are your lap oh
I caught it
yeah our competition he loses Buddha saw
you doing it do i cottage cheese with a
man like this go one kiss you right on
man yeah or is it some stables resume
you addicted to it or no oh you know you
lose weight shit no it doesn't if you
have to walk everywhere huh is yours
somebody's cuz I your sorries with Mike
oh jeez
those are you easy and I'm are you
alright leave the you don't show me
which of my you said is real these are
mine bro birth nominees realize friends
are the easy
these are not mine broke oh these are my
sweats if I fuck amiibo you always live
what you guys do right good you twist my
one real ones you got always Israel what
loves realize you already showed us the
bottom the bottom looks like some row
these are wooden of this look at this
so get my shit like this to love you get
my shit down these are Adams some of
them you got these for you these are the
these are the type of easy as you mess
with in New York so you mush it rose
embarrassing
baby laughing yeah I told you wrong from
the pictures they look tell a favor I
told a jump elevator oh shit Masha
please want another thing I knew it
so how did it light up though oh here
are your shoes my mind
where's yours then you brought yours I
brought my but it's not there when I
seen it how can it not be there drop on
you go sir
those are the ones you bought that you
sent me pictures up drop like a thousand
for them wait this is not wait wait look
did you leave the door open
I don't know it's hotels get all the way
oh shit no way are you sure these are
the ones you should send me pick up
welcome on guys you know I know how to
get the figis yes I would never get them
all move the neighbors watch before yo
yo unbelievable
when's the last time you saw him because
maybe the dudes still around here some
shit Anibal when I'll check for
neighbors at my feet yeah yeah
absolutely yeah we gonna look at me look
at me see baby blame women feel more
like I'm ex where see what all of that
damn Vicki Walmsley on maternity I'll go
with you brother I actually uh you know
I'm s enjoy no oh my god I'm just trying
to film this just in case you need vlog
footage I was I'm funny oh man really
good is it around some but you said one
of the neighbors asked about you Easy's
when you came here when we came out like
literally the moment we came we started
looking around because I was sketchy and
then the doors know a lot sometimes you
think one came in while we were away I
love us catch yourself oh hello where
are you going bro looking for my easy
bro
some of the mess with me well at least
you can use the light to like light up
the street oh it is a finely tuned Izzy
I'm trying to show you that my easy the
real the moment you come and those are
not real gee I've been known to expose
people with you expose yourself
I don't know over the best of all can we
know what are these ye bro
look at ya I don't I don't have figs I
didn't know you were bringing the 4th of
July to take a Libra I don't mama like
that I think I don't see anybody this is
like completely empty bro
well how do you turn this off I don't
know if um there's a god but he saw some
other
shit simcha key back tell you about whoa
a battery store something knows what the
shaky figured out yeah
look further bro I know what I said look
closet the fun some you are last so you
know that you are huh
you know you are last to last what you
know you were less Oh guys so leave it
was you yeah he's minded like big yeah
there might I use you yeah
so you let's just say welcome to Cali
welcome to you expose prank Oh brah I'm
shutting like prove to you my shit is
real is it me someone no closet and we
went through a mission to get those fake
you go I love you so bad for the
neighbor next door I'm so sorry I didn't
hit away
what the heck you sure these are mine
enough you muscle mean hope so but make
sure for what not real let me check is
real it is real guys let's do the test
right here be honest all I'm good I'll
be trust you roses
alright let me get a sit down I don't
feel that good I don't know what
happened to me but yesterday when I got
home my throat started hurting and then
my nose started getting off stuffy I
don't know where this came from because
I was perfectly fine enjoying my weekend
and then all of a sudden I get sick
three days before the tour I get sick I
should be filming videos right now but I
have to go run here
this package right here is over from the
great amazing beautiful fantastic kill
in the game people at Stan's socks we
got a lot of socks here no show socks
right here salted black Stan socks oh
here are some of the new anthem socks
these are dope I go right there over
lion tiger light the fire flames on
there these are pretty dope skeleton
praying hands few tribe qua qua qua
Tribe Called Quest socks right here so
this one is gray and then the other sock
is just white with the same gray lining
so you wearin like this and then they're
different the MLB socks right here
Yankee MLB socks right here I might have
to wear this to the New York show some
more ankle socks with the Stars right
here another pair of ankle socks this
looks like go yard these are sick I like
these a lot
I'm pretty sure I'll be rocking a new
pair of socks every single day of the
tour so if you guys see me on tour ask
me with socks I got on it I'll show you
it's not for me to shower and run these
errands this is my best friend for today
I have a question for you no I'm not
saying it what on a scale of one to ten
how Kanye am i today
how can he are you every day would you
get that from
alright guys so we just grab some food
right now there's a lot of complications
going on right now with the tour what
cost is over there on the phone handling
a whole bunch of like talking to the
venue's and the car rental so basically
we just right now booked the car rental
and we're traveling across country in a
regular van like a 12 passenger van
which is going to be really
uncomfortable but whatever gets the job
done at this point because we had
problems getting
the car booked and like the trailer to
carry all the merch and all that stuff
here's the biggest problem one of the
stops on the tour is in Toronto and I
don't have a frickin passport so I need
to get a passport in 24 hours 30 and 32
so we just spent the last freaking hour
and a half here so many complications
they put omar's my first name so we had
to resubmit the forum then they got my
birthday wrong and we submit the form
and then I accidentally signed the wrong
part of the money order so we got to go
now to get another money order my card
got declined too because the bank was
had to authorize that I was making this
purchase this is just like one of the
many issues going on right now in the
next 48 hours before we leave to the
first stop of the tour that passport
shit was a headache I got a package here
from the homie Jason Donner youtube link
down below he said he wanted to send me
something I have no idea what it is I'm
sorry if I seem down I'm just like
drained
that's his target bag we got a letter
guys what's good brother Jason donger
hashtag white chocolate it was too hot
in there huh
oh my god first things first we got this
Kobe Bryant this is upper deck our tops
we got this Kobe Bryant ops card which
is freaking sick and then we got this
upper deck Kobe Bryant number a card as
well oh I like this I like this pop and
it's Kobe Bryant yo Jason thank you so
much for this this is dope as hell I
really appreciate it and put it here for
now this is where I put my camera so
that's what it is gonna go right now be
honest I'm good I only trust you roses
alright I got to sit down they look good
from the picture about like seeing real
life
yeah you're good
you sure yeah how do you know because
this is detailed if it's not detailed
this is how it looks hella like nasty
and then also yeah yeah there's six dots
in here to this you open up your good
I bet easy surveil yeah IRA thank you so
much hard like believe get the main guy
that would know is really fucking we
well with Rona she's on you take your
freakin gold out here
shit I managed to sell those cookies for
sale all the selfies right now
