what's going on guys so as you guys can
see I am still in Huntington Beach I'm
gonna be checking out in about an hour
or so but I wanted to take a quick dip
into the pool it's been really relaxing
a really relaxing 24 hours I really
needed this because right when I get
back to LA we're gonna be grinding out
for two days before we leave for the
tour so the tour starts in four days
yeah I'm super excited and we'll talk
more about the tour when I get back to
the room I'm gonna enjoy these last few
minutes in the hot tub
I asked you guys to ask me some
questions on my Twitter related to the
tour Allah okay here we go
Kevin underscore QQ 57 asks how much
will the merch be so we're working on a
box set that comes with four items and
the box set is going to be exclusive to
seventy five boxes per city so only 75
people in each city will get them and we
are going to price the box at a hundred
dollars even honestly I felt like a
hundred dollars was too much because I
really don't want to overcharge people
or anything like that but for the items
you guys are getting and how much we put
in to make the box set itself a hundred
dollars is the only thing that made
sense I hope that's okay with you guys
and I know a lot of people are going to
disagree with that price but you're
getting four dope-ass quality items v2
geureoke asks which cities will you be
coming to all the cities will be in the
description box down below as well as
the addresses of the locations the
you looking at asks San Diego dates the
San Diego date is not confirmed yet but
it is going to be in August
Michael Kim ER asks what are you going
to be doing on the tour so basically the
tour is not going to be us performing
it's basically meet and greet / pop-up
shops P cannon 54 asks why didn't you
come to Boston fan we didn't come to
Boston because a couple months ago we
did a poll to ask you guys what cities
you guys want us to come to and the ones
we chose are the most popular ones and
we narrowed it down to like 10 to 12
cities and Boston wasn't on that list re
underscore Colleen - asks will you sign
body parts you Connor Bunn what shoes do
you plan on copying during the tour the
Cosmo Jordan 30s those galaxy 30s
they're freaking amazing and I really
want to get those that's like my only
sneaker that I want to mark off my
checklist for the tour
Austin s underscore 365 says will there
ever be anything like this in the future
another tour or something like that yes
this tour right here is basically a test
to see if it works if this test does
work we want to do a European tour we
want to do more city tour whatever but
this is basically a test run law in 97
is this a world tour or your girls - oh
my god Lopes Jesus 22 asks why are you
such a high peace fan that has nothing
to 10-year or 13 as what are you most
nervous about that no one will show up I
need to go check out because I'm way
past the time so let's get out of here
what's going on guys so I'm currently
arriving in Santa Monica you know I had
my little mini vacation it felt amazing
but today I'm still taking it as a
vacation so I'm taking myself shopping
with my special personal shopper to be
sick of seeing Mena
but anyway yeah man I had a great
vacation back in LA now gonna go do some
shopping well we already did some
shopping we were just looking at like we
were looking at some bougie-ass
like designer she got some stuff I
got some stuff I got some shoes I'll
show you guys when I get home tonight
here's a few clips from the GoPro of
checking out some designer shoes look at
this gum bottoms they've got some crazy
ass colors see I actually like these
right here a lot these are crazy but
these would look better for girls
there's this brand called boo CD and
they make like dope ass sneakers but
they have like a Jordan one-eye sneaker
that kind of looks like a Jordan one Oh
Tiffany Tuesday's it is so packed hey
guys
third Street on a Sunday is crazy
you
okay first of all I'm dying right now we
just went up all these stairs I know we
still got one more to go but just got
done shopping this is beautiful we just
got done shopping oh we're not done
look we're not done you wanna show them
the sneakers you ba let's do it oh it's
so beautiful
right there alright guys this is her
pickup wait okay so let me do the
intricate it if I had a hat or maybe the
Kanye hoodie like you know the whatever
808 heartbreak this is my oh my god
but I'm just saying okay well it's good
secret welcome to another episode of
cookies where we upload five days a week
that's Monday Tuesday Wednesday
okay so for today's cool kicks videos so
I'm show you some some pickups you
already know it is just for disclaimer
purposes I don't know why I like it it
is maybe this guy ripped off on me but
here we have the ultra sleek design
ultra boost uncaged I guess these are
boosts yes this is Boost technology
there's a boost technology
I have to see what the hype is all about
and the reason why I actually like these
is because they look less grand posh and
yes I'm the one that called them grand
question yes I was gonna call you out on
those really for whatever okay at least
I admit it okay okay so I felt like
these don't look it they're dirty what
what is this that's cool okay that's it
you're wrapping it up what I didn't even
get to do on foot review on route on
foot ten thousand thumbs up will do on
feet review you used to caught me high
peace for being on adidas and all of a
sudden uncaged ultra boost God at least
it's like walking on a cloud hello
so I've been working hard I thought I
deserved a little present even though I
was by myself
Easy's I bought myself a little
something since this is like my vacation
weekend but I finally got a pair and I'm
super excited you guys ready for this
ladies more ladies probably know about
this but only 20% of my viewers are
ladies your boy got some red bottoms
dust bags on deck my first pair of red
bottoms probably my only ever pair of
red bottoms BAM
actually do it
I know kind of weird there but I start
like on ok these are sexy as hell let's
just say Vegas sneakers so dope your
boys getting this grown man on with that
red suede hold on let me see that's the
way talk to you that's what he talks to
you well not really
oh yeah that's way talks to you every
every once in a while it's ok to buy
yourself something nice it's ok to do
that
