your lunch is over way
so here's the deal since September of
last year I've been running three active
YouTube channels it's been a lot of work
and I'm not here to make anybody feel
sorry for me because I'm working hard
because I want to because this is my
hustle this is my grind I'm proud of it
I will continue to work this hard but
everybody needs a little vacation I
upload five days a week on my sneaker
channel crew cakes I upload five to six
times a week on my vlog channel crew TV
and I upload every few weeks on my main
channel which is kind of like my second
channel now because my vlog channel
passes it up in subscriber count and I
do travel a lot but it's never really a
vacation where I get to like sit down
relax poolside kick up my feet clear my
mind and do just have a real vacation
usually when I go places I'm still
working and filming and and and besides
all of that that no friends just family
tour starts in five days first stop is
at Phoenix Arizona shameless plug make
sure you guys come so before the tour
starts and all that hecticness of
everything starts I just wanted a little
weekend to myself to relax and have a
good time and clear my mind and that's
what I'm doing today so I'm not even
going that far but I'm going to
Huntington Beach at this little private
resort and I'm just gonna enjoy myself
man cuz I've been working any days a
week so I don't even know what today is
honestly
got the hot tub lounge right there so
I'm happy about that
all right here we go guys Huntington
Beach vacation for 24 hours I'm ready to
get into pool
so this resort is so big that I need to
go like explore a little bit there's
like two pools and then a hot tub lunch
so I got to go look around and see which
pool I want to go to what's up fam oh
there's a lot over here what's good yeah
all right so this pool right here that I
just want to have like water slides and
stuff but it's way too loud over there
cuz all the kids obviously so I'm gonna
go to the other pool it's a little more
relaxing
do
oh man
relaxing pool swim felt so good
alright guys back into my room now and
honestly I haven't vlogged the lock
today because I'm just enjoying it and I
hope you guys are not mad about that
there's bonfires like across the beach
right now and I Loki wanna go but then I
just want to like stay in my room and
watch TV and and rest if you guys didn't
know there is a TV in my apartment back
home but I never watch it and I only
watch it unless there's like an NBA game
or unless I'm watching like Monday Night
Raw but I don't just sit there and watch
TV it's just not my thing I feel like
TVs a waste of time especially because
I'm a big supporter of YouTube and I
feel like YouTube is the new TV
everybody's different that's just me and
because I make youtube videos I'm a
little biased but I'm honestly having a
really great time I'm relaxed I'm
enjoying this and not worrying about the
emails in my phone or the text messages
but yeah man it's crazy man five days
away from the tour there's so much stuff
that needs to be done in so little time
it's just insane it's gonna be great man
I'm really I'm really excited to meet a
lot of you guys and for all the people
that are wondering about Atlanta I have
informed you that we took Atlanta off
the tour and that's just because
Atlanta's sneaker con is in September so
we didn't want to do back-to-back months
in Atlanta so all I can say is that we
took Atlanta off the tour but Atlanta
sneaker con is gonna be next level
because there's something huge happening
and I mean huge if you're not even from
Atlanta you're gonna want to fly to
Atlanta just to come be a part of that
because it's gonna be freakin amazing
