damn see I came out top it's not very
exposed to eat I worked out last night I
know you say what what's going on guys
so today
nice shirt family wait hold on
have you been in the ball yet he's back
are you guys doing feels good to be back
house you know that we were telling
everybody from sneaker Kanto now that
you went to jail for reselling that
sneaker card so the brain shrinks so
anyway guys we're going to go get some
breakfast right now even though it's
almost 3 p.m.
we're going to this el segundo local
straight to town to town fantastic let's
see if this place is really a fantastic
run
alright guys so food is slowly coming in
water only as you guys can see what you
got this fire plate right here what it
isn't look good G gentlemen spinach
omelette let's just say I got it
you don't rise i'ma try let me try right
now if you guys didn't know I love
cheese so I love cheese yeah writing I
love cheese pizza I love cheese finish
love pizza cheese just second a coupon
gee I love set him free pony
hello Oh something about the car it's
hot but it's good guys
burrito alert so that was a good first
meal for the day got me full time to go
start filming editing you know the usual
do class you everyone do the practice
facility huh now where is it it's right
here you could you could see it no way
yeah make the Lakers and everything I do
obviously mine's a box set so I like I
showed the Hat I showed the shoe trees
I'm gonna show the probably that hello
what's going on guys so we just got done
filming some crew kicks of videos trying
to prepare for the tour because when I'm
on the road it's gonna be kind of hard
to be filming videos five days a week so
I'm trying to get them all done now you
know what I'm saying we had fire cakes
how's it when you're locked up G for 10
days just say it was a spiritual journey
so I feel a lot of blessings oh
 you buh-buh-buh is finally here I
love these Cubs are here that's my ball
bedrooms you always talk about balls G
this is my favorite part right here oh
you ready for the tour G here the
ballast tea I told fruit to make sure it
so guys we are officially is it six
three days away
no okay it's six days away we are six
days away from the tour was it from you
two
No five and a half hours like eight
hours from here in Arizona you need to
know it's five and a half hours away
really google it
probably google it how far is Phoenix
Arizona I don't understand your accent
good
it looks like Phoenix Arizona is about
three hundred eighty three miles away as
the crow flies 83 divided by 3 T 3
divided by 17 hopefully what's that
I was telling these guys that Arizona
has been tweeting me the most out of
every city so far Arizona and I think um
I think Arizona's only one that stands
out to me
really what about you guys so we should
just come back after is onna ok we want
it all out of everything DC and Toronto
DC I've been getting a lot of transients
run I think the hardest decision is
going to be choosing what shoes I take
on the tour I've decided I'm only taking
one shoe for exercise one shoe for
comfort and then one shoot too just like
we're four events which is probably
going to be easy 350 so I'm going to be
very limited but I know my buy a lot of
shoes on the road so that's a good thing
the
yo they're selling fake uses at the mall
now
selling fig you look at the Moho oh my
god
what is this way
what is this gee
let's just say they're selling fake
Easy's at the mall you guys these are
old-school these are always hyper done
Chinese or black the USA USA is for high
school I had a pair of these off like
the same ones for away it√≠s 513 or
members of stop eg oh you were on the
runway okay come back daddy
you hope stop
if it'll last paper huh give is a wax
paper I can't find okay not can you can
you can like can i yeah the that's what
it's made for a baking sheets that's
what this is a write wax paper why all
the sudden country-ass alright guys so
I'm editing the first episode of sneaker
shopping with the crew as you guys can
see my laptop right there but I want to
say I know a lot of people are gonna
want to be on the show now you guys
we've done one city so far we're gonna
do la NEX I've already picked out the
winner for la la la la now in shopping
washy and guys um no that's that should
be a good video by those but no I've
already picked out the LA winner after
LA I haven't decided what city I'm gonna
do but there's gonna be a new episode
every first Friday of the month so
exciting about exciting about that
exciting we're not gonna have time to
film any episodes on toilet because
tours gonna be hectic but let's just say
right now cooking with hua ji cookies
baking with hua ji baking with hua ji
what does that movie with the bear comes
to life Teddy Ted Ted we got Ted part
three over here guys Ted part three
alright guys so as I'm editing you know
ice melt that distinct smell of the nice
baked cookies so let's just take a piece
I put on the block cuz I don't want the
bottom so Bernie fill me just started
from the bottom it smells really good I
only made six from six six six six six
mom and said make cookies I said we on
diets say no more say no more all this
milk and you're still throwing your cow
polish cookie knows what did you remind
these cookies and I still can't have
yours that all this cookie dough and I
still can't buy my chocolate chip that's
so corny was that corny all this cookie
nice so can be luscious that's how it
can't be what luscious I don't get it
all these cookies and you still enacted
sweet oh yeah good oh yeah you thought
just cuz I was eating cookies I'm not
gonna go on my exercise run I told you
you're not wrong physical I just need
physical activity all day telling what I
said
the merchants say he said only running
pablo march only workout in pablo mark
today - ready for the tour let's get
this run going let's keep this up boy
let's go let's get let's get this
