you know I gotta come pick up a mystery
woman's bag because she left it here a
few days ago so I gotta go to customer
service
well it's customer service
I guess I guess customer service is
downstairs
thank you so much you're welcome how did
it come up shut up be a man shut up
the block desert stand out Mario game Oh
take it easy Oh
la has some dope-ass people man like
that right they just said oh look at the
paparazzi I'm not a paparazzi I
just carry a big-ass camera around
anyway I got my wrestle pretzels I got
the bag I'm heading back we're actually
going to a concert tonight yg logic gez
I don't listen to any of them but yeah
should be fun
you know what's pretty funny is I saw
the fakest Yeezys today and I'm not here
to expose them but I mean I'm exposing
the title obviously but it's just like
they were extremely fake
and I'm pretty sure the dude knew he had
fixed which is okay if you like to have
fakes and you don't care that's your
thing but for the people that I do like
call out it's just so that my viewers
can see what fake pairs look like so I'm
pretty sure this one is noticeable
though we just got to the forum about
the boat of the concert right now right
now we're not even in sight yeah we got
to go to our seats I'm only going to
know like about three songs for the
whole night so should be a good time
the PI will know about to see him but
another black male got killed our police
I like to start with trumps okay
what's going on guys so today is
Thursday I decided to combine two days
into one vlog I just didn't have enough
footage from yesterday to make that its
own vlog so my apologies I will try my
best starting today to vlog every single
day it's going to be an exciting few
weeks going to be an exciting month and
with that being said we are officially
we are officially seven days away from
the start of the no friends just family
tour and as you guys can see from the
calendar one week man one freaking week
our first stop is in Phoenix Arizona I'm
going to show you guys the full box set
when I do receive the sample box alright
guys so basically I'm making it up to
you alright guys so basically I have no
family in LA like I have zero percent of
my family in LA everybody lives in the
Bay Area and as you guys know I always
talk about my family restaurant which is
in the bay I I go there every time I'm
in the bay exciting news because I
haven't told anybody about this I
haven't told you guys about this it's
been super low-key like my family's been
low-key about it but you know what i'ma
just tell you guys now because I'm super
excited and I'm going there and
basically my family is opening up a
restaurant in LA my cousin is the one
that's going to be opening the
restaurant and running it it is not
going to be called the f1 on like my
other restaurants it's just going to be
called the Afghan kebab house it is in a
prime location in LA super close to
where I live so I'm super excited
because I get to have that food again
I'm so excited I'm gonna go check it out
for the first time a lot of my family's
here my dad is here oh my god no I'm
going the right way
alright there it is right there this is
my first time pulling up
Hey
Oh
alright guys I'm about to test out the
food for the first time even though it
should be the same but let's go and so
the food was good and I'm not just
saying that because I have to say it but
it was really good I miss having this
food in my life and now that it is a
super close to me I feel spoiled
first of all I know this vlog is like
completely random like tons of
back-to-back like random as hell but
whatever as you guys can tell I got my
gym shoes on my running shoes on I'm
actually walking to the gym right now
this is my first step to getting back in
shape my first step to pushing myself to
finally go to the gym consistently my
goal is to go to the gym every day or
run every day
I think cardio is the most important
thing for me no more junk food no more
soda I mean I'm not gonna be on a strict
diet for my own health just make sure
I'm not eating anything that's gonna
that I'm gonna regret later now I
understand that me starting this whole
getting back into shape journey is a
horrible decision right now because I'm
going on tour and it's going to be very
hard for me to do this while I'm
traveling but if I can do it now that I
can do it whenever and that's the
biggest test
this is hard but we gotta keep going
