so I just got a package right now I'm
about to open this up this is straight
from Dubai
it's from Dubai you know who sent this
money cakes ha I'm sort of good yeah
honey cakes so okay my boy money kicks
was invited to the grand opening of the
Jordans store in Dubai he's doing this
thing out there all this in about us
falling down stairs that's uh my back my
back my back they have some exclusive
out there so I was like your money case
you got hooked me up so he said I got
you he said I got you so he hooked me up
with the Jordan Brand Dubai exclusive oh
I see oh that is hard
that is hard hey yo shout-out to money
kicks I appreciate you imma leave his a
youtube channel down below isn't that
sick why I really like the white one
actually look at the white these are
going on tour with me hey shout out the
money kicks I appreciate you brother
fourth of July recovery stuff my
backbone recovery but minding my own
affair affects fair fight we're going to
fear fear I'm going to Fairfax right now
these guys are gonna go get haircuts I
need to go talk to Mickey about some
stuff
we are officially nine days away from
the tour
are we ready a spot to be critters do
box o'clock so amazing vlogs coming soon
amazing vlogs gonna be fun man we're
gonna hit the road we're driving the
whole tour we have not gone I understand
you guys honestly on the road like that
Oh
especially this guy I heard about that
actually every other minute Oh give me
back good TV Jamie's like I'm a safe
driver telling a story he's hard about
that I'm not letting a man drive at all
this we don't even have a car yet we're
in the lead a baby she from Lodgy - yeah
this guy's the biggest drama queen bro
yesterday he's like oh I'm not gonna be
able to be in the car for more than four
hours but you suddenly need a hope yeah
we need a mascot I'm getting a smallest
car four nine ten people I'm like bro
just imagine seeing the car for 11 hours
it's gonna be tough I'm just letting you
guys if t passenger is not small Oh see
no you ready jangan as small as I can
you all so we gotta find a car this week
so we're gonna be going probably
sometime this week looking at RVs and
things like that when you got that
inside angle
so this is the keymaster that everybody
is playing this is the dream crew mag
drop key master that you guys have seen
me promote before but I want to address
something so a lot of people comment and
think that it's rigged
it is not rigged it's rigged it's not
written there's like videos of people
exposing it and all that stuff but guys
if it's rigged then how do we have over
12 winners who have won Yeezys supreme
fives
Jordan ones it's only been two weeks two
weeks over ten winners 12 over 12
winners and two weeks yeah so I mean if
you're on Fairfax comes through every
day there's a winner
oh yeah pretty much yeah pretty much
there's been days when there's been two
winners one guy came in in the morning
he won and then he came back later than
I and won again
some museums this is the homie that gave
me the target a gift card at a sneaker
con man give me a hug bro body making me
go away the winner from oh you ain't
fetchin one I'll try to get my man okay
keep it yeah yeah twenty
we try to get your condo so yeah I can
you hold this film in here you go on are
we gonna go for Chicago's we all get
this one
Oh
Oh
almost like for you
are you doing we're trying to get it's
for you uh no no that's right okay I
can't win it anywhere
you
we finally won
I'm so happy guys I've been trying to
win this thing for like a year bro but
I'm not keeping the show I'm giving it
to him right here
no no it's yours it's yours it's yours
yeah so basically he gave me 20 to play
I didn't win that I said you know what
I'm gonna play another twenty of my own
and then I finally won for him so I'm
gonna give him the Chicago ones yeah no
we got to take a picture together we got
a post-it on the ground you want to go
so
thank you so much I got you man thank
you so much
what's up man all the center fam this is
my custom-made countdown calendar for
the tour today is Tuesday so that means
that we have 9 more days but I made this
just for like my snapchat so that I can
keep my snapchat followers up to date I
thought was pretty interesting just
trying to be a little more organized
like I was when I first moved back to LA
I was using posted notes and throwing
them all over the room
I actually have some posted those right
there but I'm not going to show you guys
what that says because that's me trying
to planned that I need to go eat so
let's go ahead and get out of here I'm
walking to go get some Baja Fresh as you
guys know that it was like my new
obsession I literally haven't been to
Chipotle in like a month because I've
been addicted to Baja Fresh I don't know
what it is but their quesadillas are so
like fresh I mean it's called Baja Fresh
I would hope that it's fresh it's
freaking fire triggered by a freaking
fire trick Drive
guys this guy's wild on snapchat he
snapchats in the shower dj khaled he
inspired me to be a pervert not a
pervert and for a motivational speaker
all right guys so I got the usual
quesadilla but why did what cost get to
giant ass burritos there's a last path
and you have to go out with the boom and
they're healthy look at all the screens
it's really uninteresting the best
advice I've ever spent
I'm sure you heard about that actually I
heard of a bad I'm gonna hear about it
afterwards in the bathroom
this right here is my last soda all
right you can't let me have soda I'm
your should know about these two are my
favorite but this is my last soda okay
you have my word
