as you guys can tell we are at the Grove
today it is fourth of July so you're
gonna see a few fireworks in today's
vlog all of a sudden fam
that's good man thank you very few that
you need we're gonna be having a
barbecue later today and I heard about
that actually this house all of a sudden
look who's back so we should have a good
day you like my shoes you like my shoes
ha I heard about that actually alright
guys we just got to downtown LA and I
heard about that actually bro
I heard about that barbecue yeah what I
call me then nobody wants you with your
brother you miss your brother
I'm a seminar a little bit oh you see
him there in five cakes Frankie Frankie
unfortunately we won't be able to
suspend 4th of July with him but it's
all good the tour starts in how many
days 10 days 10 days 10 days 10 days
let's do in 10 days man so much needs to
be done anyway guys we got the bonfire
pit right here those ponds right there
are from Greeks out there what the
spawns right there yeah ain't no white
one are from Drake's party no way yeah
he was just telling me one of the guys
bottom all right guys they're saying
that these are the same floaties from
Drake's pool party I don't know if
that's accurate or not
do my back would have been gone you go
my gosh there's a family's go don't
follow gee watch your step alright guys
it gets darker and darker you start to
see more fireworks emerge into the skies
you guys probably can't see it right now
because it's not super dark but there's
like fireworks going off all around tell
me why it tasted like whatever I come
here and I'm wearing my fit and please
oh yeah what is this that was not
planned at all now you look like Clark
Kent right and make a Fabia version of
them
I heard about that actually I'm gonna
high-five flowers together something for
the kids so for the kid guys the dream
we've just pulled through all of a
sudden
why'd you jump over it use two hands
hold it higher higher higher it's almost
done
yeah
Oh cops cops go and that is all for 2016
5 rickshaw or on crew TV we are
officially running from the cops now
alright so after our little firework
show we need some dessert so it's only
right that we get some buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh
dream crew family it has been a great
day I had a lot of fun today it was like
the first fourth of July which I
actually lit a fire that had a good time
doing it I did tweet the first item from
the dream crew five pillars a box set on
my Twitter I know it's super dark you
can't see my face I'll walk backwards if
you guys want to check it out man go to
my Twitter attack hi so Lamar it's a
really dope hat and I wanted to make the
Hat wearable every single day of the
week cuz you know me I like rocking a
lot of black so I had to do a black hat
okay I'm giving you too many details
time to go to my room you know people
often ask me why do you put this person
in your videos why are you shouting out
this person why are you doing this like
they're gonna outgrow you or they're
gonna take your subs or this and that I
don't have a thing where I'm like yo I
don't like his video so I don't wanna I
don't want to see him pass me up like no
man this is at the end of the day it is
competition but it's all friendly
competition man these people that I
collaborate with these people that I
hang out with you know more success to
them you know what I'm saying this is my
channel it's all do it's all up to me
and what I want to do and how much work
I want to put in if they do pass me up
it's time for me to get off my ass and
work ten times harder so that I can pass
them right back up surround yourself
with people who truly want to see you
succeed and who want to help you succeed
and you want to see succeed I'm out of
here I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and that's it don't you have the
window
