one made in German if you are just
joining another - walking record
American people like their r11 with of
North National Post as you get settled
in here
you
so I'm on the way right now to film a
collab for crude cakes so I'm trying to
bang out dope ass content for you guys I
know I've been half-assing a lot of the
videos and waking up in the morning
filming editing and posting at that same
day hella late but that's not what crew
kicks was when it first started so I'm
trying to get it back to what it was
which is just dope ass content every
single day having videos ready for you
guys so today I'm actually collabing
with be sneak you guys might know him
he's only been on YouTube for like half
a year now and he just reached a hundred
K he's doing a great job so we've been
meaning to clap for a minute now he was
on crew collections and he's a prime
example of why I feel like a lot of
people who want to be sneaker youtubers
should do group collection because it's
where people can see your personality
see what your style is and then if they
mess with you then they mess with you
and I think be sneagle took that and he
ran with it
more than anyone else was been on
cooking since he just said 100 K I was
like you know what be sneak you know I
got love for you kid let's do this
collab alright guys so I'm at the house
of the one and only two boy B sneak
what's up we out here filming some
videos we just did a video for my
channel video for his his channel table
sofa
all of a sudden LeBron fender for the
brown shoe right yeah always all of a
sudden a Thai curry I'm sorry for the
why it's a curry why do people hate
curry only shot goes in and it's yeah we
show them a little preview so I actually
don't show much money and I'm sure guys
as opposed to that one tonight that's it
he got into the vlog the vlogs go up
early oh yeah it's probably tomorrow
look since he posted today LeBron
Champak actually did get these today and
give us that red box right there on that
guy's right there good way if you guys
remember doing the sneaker con la vlog I
said 50,000 50,000 thumbs up and I will
buy these off of be sneak 50,000 thumbs
up unfortunately we didn't get 50,000
thumbs up if you guys 35
yeah you're like 35 or 40 I have in
check prices oh my gosh
got to my my channel in the links down
below right yeah yeah the link will be
down below let me see it looks like I'm
gonna be a proud owner of my first pair
of red Octobers it's gonna be the
thumbnail for this vlog right here I'm
super excited to have these dude I'm
honesty red Octobers bro so now I have
procedure that doesn't hurt right no
that doesn't hurt so that actually means
I have 10 pairs of Yeezys you need the
last black pair to the choosing awesome
yeah I was actually gonna buy them but
then I pass because I was like I'm gonna
buy these quiz your mags it could I try
them on really yes that's 12 dream crew
so I mean they're just big yeah me sneak
be sneak take over guys better not take
this off we got a we put we made a
little dope skit today hm I don't know
if he's on this yeah sure as a pickup
for me today I'll okay I want to see the
rest of it you guys gotta wait you got
to go to crew cakes yeah I got a crew
cake so I am leaving with the red
Octobers anyway we're gonna go to the
mall right now because I want to see if
they could get a pair of those new
adidas crazy like basketball shoes and
I'm also going to see if I can get the
the new uncaged ultra boost so your boy
might be buying a few shoes today even
though I shouldn't all right guys so we
just got to the Glendale Galleria yes a
size 10 you will say what's up it was
good hey shots Christ yo these are sick
right here hey guys get your girl a pair
whoo
I don't know about these look I need to
try these out maybe
all right guys so I'm at adidas and they
have the crazy lights a new basketball
shoes that I've really really been
wanting adidas I tried to holla at you
guys for a pair of these early so I
could do a review but you didn't hit me
up but they fit a little big so I'm
trying on different sizes right now so I
got the LeBron soldiers for basketball
last week since I just bought these
which I was really more excited about
four months now I'm gonna return those
and I'm gonna keep these it's a
basketball shoe with boost which they've
done before but I wasn't a fan of the
2.5 so but anyway we need to eat too all
of a sudden hungry although sundry piece
are hungry why do they have the dream
car in the middle of the mall why did
why do they got to do them in that why
they got to do me like that man it makes
me want to go return my shoes so I can
save up for this thing this is my car
yes my it's my car yes my father Oh
what's up fam they only have the red
ones so I'm gonna try them on hi guys we
pull enough to back Park now they got
like a little event thingy going on so
all of a sudden plan was good nothing
call me my midday yeah are you jacking
off no all right guys there so there's
like a rave going on at mag Park so I
don't think with I don't I don't think
we're gonna stay your shout out to Brian
I'm gonna see my recent pickup hangar
where what is it
with October Wow
is your food wide I knew you're gonna
say that the first thing Wow play songs
you fake shoes hey why would you do this
you heard it here first
we sneak expose it's a nurse change your
prices hey we gotta get that time-lapse
to look nice nice I see get that time
lapse in so I just woke up it's Sunday
so it's the day that this is going up I
just wanted to end this vlog with the
countdown less than two weeks away from
the US tour super excited traveling
across country for the first time ever
meeting you guys having a good time box
set images coming soon like I said
earlier in the vlog crew kicks is
getting like a rebirth I'm going to go
back to giving you guys the content that
you guys originally subscribed for I
know there's been a lot of like
unboxings and things like that so all I
can ask from you guys for the people who
aren't subscribed to please go subscribe
to crew cakes I'm going to link it down
below but that is my third channel if
you don't know it's where I do all types
of sneaker content sneaker games reviews
and boxing's skits everything just like
sneakers non-stop I know I do a lot of
sneaker stuff on here too but that is
just like my main main sneaker channel
so if you haven't already go ahead and
subscribe I'm trying to get 300,000
subscribers on that channel by the end
of July so I would really appreciate it
if you guys convert it over there and
subscribe and with that being said I'm
going to go enjoy my Sunday with a whole
bunch of laundry and cleaning and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another vlog
thumbs up for my pink shirt
