we got to get them in very very soon cuz
they gettin wet out there alright guys
so we are currently inside of presented
by out here in London and we're just
gonna look at the store real quick do
some shoppin JC's in the building - so
you know he you know saying anything
about it isn't like I can ask him about
prices you know I'm saying if I'm
getting a good deal and whatnot oh wow
what perfect time what's going on Mina
hello Jason
my brother I lost my Steve alright so
let's look around
all flights I pretty much have all the
ones I want
so no off lights for me Easy's I have
all the one I want I know Peter wants or
if she got me the top tip belugas on
adidas but we got a nine and a half so
we might have to get her a size you need
seven in huh he's seven and a half Andes
and I'm just gonna take her nine in them
so even trade right even traded no okay
this is cut out to cut although yes and
let's go to the back righteous I bought
something right now yeah I'm gonna buy
it broke as you wear it that like
changes color because it's like heat why
does it not turn yellow when I cut when
I touch it this with a shovel
no you're a cold-blooded I think my
handprint why yeah I'm carpet running
imagine you make it hella hot and you go
outside and all the raindrops just J's
gonna wearin just the yellow is the
bathroom ring is where they got all the
fire literally everybody at sneaker con
yesterday had this damn jacket on I was
saying they should have been at like a
announcement for everyone who's wearing
this to come and take a group picture of
like 120 people or whatever it was they
would have just look at come out and
that sneak up on it was crazy
let's go look at this stuff cuz this is
the ham today they showed you guys this
last time but you don't the airmax
projector it just changes and changes
and changes and changes pretty much all
the high B stuff um you know I'm saying
all the easies all the Supremes and then
you come over here I mean the size you
got our friend I'm working on it we're
gonna ask how much that's gonna be in a
second but these are the Chanel's what's
the highest priced one of these 20,000
15,000 in here in here 14,000 14,000 let
me check it out oh that's pounds crazy
this shoe is not worth that damn I'm
gonna give you guys my honest opinion I
think this shoe is not even worth like
five thousand because this is like a
plain black and white shoe I just says
Chanel right there
yeah it would have been better if they
put the Chanel logo on this one I know
they have like four pairs of those right
five pairs of those
so crazy this one has 18,000 pounds 18
yeah it's my wedding looks like half of
my wedding crazy I do like the lace tips
have a Chanel lace tip that's actually
pretty lit I like that mean is slowly
dying as I reviewed the shoe for you
guys I like the white laces I would put
the white laces on there
the guys are watching and you have that
in an eight and a half nine and you're
not charging like like a e350 for it
I'm uh I'd like to talk to you about
possibly buying one I'm willing to spend
some coins on my ie thanks Ian
hello I'll get a size 10 but I'm only
paying like five thousand so if anybody
wants you know not worry too much about
profit and hit me with a good price
about five thousand hits your boy up you
know I'm saying you still gonna profit
size seven how much five seven maybe
chef wait ask him to feel tight I'll be
waiting willing to pay that much pay 500
us alright guys so we did our shopping
in here now it is time to go to the room
next door where that's where we're gonna
have like the little meet up they got
some cupcakes they got some set up so we
go in transition and some b-roll so hit
the music
get the slow-mo ready and let's get it
and yeah by the way I don't think I'm
gonna buy anything yet I'm gonna buy
something maybe before I leave but I
don't know but yeah go to it
often as lugs
follow him he took this supply off I
took a bake off my car they paint us of
a paying you who pause they didn't even
like my picture no I'm taking my rap off
probably next month
just keep I'm gonna just leave some of
the matte black detailing but for the
main partners to keep it dry people
notice me on the freeway and it's just
like alright guys so we are currently in
Spain in Barcelona and I did not film
anything once we got to the airport
because we had a little dilemma that's
why I was kind of like in a bad mood I
didn't want to film and everything like
that so it was kind of like super super
upset but we got here safely yesterday
we went to a nice dinner we're actually
really excited to be here even though
it's really cold but anyway I know I
didn't show you guys what I picked up
from presented by in London huge shout
out to presented by huge shout out to
protect who you chat out to everybody in
London now we're in a different country
so it seems crazy but we're here in
Spain this is the second country on our
mini European road trip so I'm very very
excited to get out there and go shopping
today but first of all Beluga 2.0 so
obviously this is a smaller size this is
Mina size so basically Mina was able to
get a nine and a half Alpha D does yeah
so basically she's gonna give me her
pair and I bought this pair for her so
we're doing a trade yeah trading sneaker
trade with my fiance clickbait yeah for
sneaker trade second actually we did
another trade a while ago and I bought
you a pair of sneakers - silly me oh
yeah I think you got you some like nmds
I think this is a bright red one moon
rocks using moon rocks or spire bucks
thanks
remember clearly sex that was a really
good trade for you know creams are fire
though yeah now they're like triple
price so that was a good trade
that was a good pickup that was a really
good pickup she bought me creams for
like 300 well now they go for seven
seven eight anyway
Beluga 2.0 have to get the supreme more
few now I have a few supreme more fees
this one right here look at this one
this is the legit one
I got a few supreme more fees but this
one is powerful this is a literally a
brick right here like I was asking
around I was like yo where where else is
there stuff to buy like supreme any
other stores to buy like supreme for
resale and stuff like that and they're
like yo presented by literally the only
place so if you go to London and you're
looking to buy supreme besides the
actual supreme store presented by they
got supreme babe all that stuff all
right so I was iffy on this shoe just
because I only have one pair of for our
human race yeah the moon
friends-and-family one we didn't end up
buying the Chanel's I just I'm not I'm
not looking to pay that much for such a
basic shoe but we did pick these up BAM
me and Mina got the Oreo human race
trails I don't know if they're called
Oreo I'm gonna call them Oreos these are
dope this is my favorite color way of
the nuke of the new versions that have
come out most wearable colorway it's
like a heather gray and it's not
embroidered as you guys can see which is
one thing I didn't really like about
these new versions but still a dope shoe
you know I'm saying the boost is there
but yeah we picked these up and then I
actually got something from someone they
gave me like a little off-white care
package but I want to just show you guys
this from the care package I guess they
had like off-white workshop in London
recently look at this this is a
off-white like pencil pouch and then you
open it up they also gave me a shoe and
apron and I think something else but
basically it comes with a pencil
got a little Nike swoosh right there a
pen
Nikki sushi and then it says quotation
marks ballpoint and then this one has
quotation marks permanent so it's like
sharpies per minute obviously you know
I'm saying so that's really really dope
I really appreciate some what the guy
not someone the guy who gave me this he
didn't want to be on camera so I didn't
put him on camera I didn't show myself
getting it but super dope to have
something like this man
alright guys so we are out here on the
streets about to go to people already
looking at me like I'm crazy with the
camera let's see what yeah let's go to
footlocker and see what type of vibes we
catch over here I feel like they're not
gonna have any type all they do Jordan
have Jordans actually okay he's sitting
here
as expected it was super small there was
nothing good in there I mean there was
good stuff but nothing like obviously
like limited or what it was expensive
that's what I was about to talk about
yes so the nmds were listed at a hundred
and eighty euros so if you do the
conversion that comes out to about two
hundred and thirteen dollars for a pair
of nmds and that's just way too much but
the good thing about like shopping in
Europe and stuff like that the designer
stuff is what's cheaper out here the
designer shopping is the main thing that
I'm trying to do out here but I'm gonna
save most of that for Paris or you're on
to Paris so we got a gift for my niece
but we're not gonna show you guys
because we're gonna give it to my sister
and my brother-in-law
so we can tell them don't watch this
vlog yet so we get back we've been
shopping I didn't buy anything we're
trying to do this
those of you in Barcelona I hope you
guys can even see it's like that Park
yeah you need tickets that's going in
yeah let's check out hmm the H&M
entrance is sick look
