so you like those shoes so he came to
Costco so I can buy a new camera but
they don't have the one I want they only
have like the a DD I use this 7 DD and I
don't want to spend so much on just the
body of the camera so I gotta go to Best
Buy but my dad's trying on glasses over
there
oh yeah the the eva for me
look who's it give me look Beth get it
get pice and watch Grand Prix's I'm
headed to Dublin right now cuz I'm gonna
go link up with Harris to go grab some
food around 8:30 and it's currently 646
so I'm just getting a head start over
there because I need to stop and Best
Buy to buy a new camera I think one of
the most difficult parts about being a
youtuber and filmmaking and making
videos is the equipment mandate Loki
gets expensive but I mean it's a part of
it it just sucks when you spend so much
money on something and that stops it
working like half a year later
hello
new toys new toys 12 team toys brand new
usually you're gonna buy new stuff I
like to upgrade but I'm really
comfortable with the 70d so I got a new
Jill B because mine is so loose but new
jovi new body beautiful new baby are we
good like low-key men every time I come
back home I always throw on my vans
because I have a lot of vans back here
oh laughing so I'm like Loki like
yo I'm gonna quit buying shoes and just
rock vans all the times vans and Yeezys
and Jordan ones I think I might I might
do that but I know I'm not gonna stick
to my word cuz I might end up buying
some stuff that is way out of those
three categories so it's not gonna
happen
yo shout out to these guys that just ran
up to me it was good shouts the crew
challenge is so near chest my mom out of
breath as you guys can tell they said
they ran here
yeah we thought you're in the movies or
something no no oh well great to see you
guys ten six side down this is six and a
half now okay you can't take done but
you can't take all this into the movies
I'm taking all this Center you're gonna
make your own popcorn we're on a budget
fam still paying off the wedding
hey what is that line you said about
LeBrons rink what me LeBron book not
reading this here yeah this site
excellent run after you're gone three
one oh there's a serene you guys are
both gonna get as well
excuse me
it's a prank oh look it's a suprise
there's a camera there but is that going
to feed her to your house over what to
the theaters yeah not so good okay guys
so I was about to pay and then I realize
that I have a targeted gift card that
somebody gave me a tell a sneaker con so
shout out to the two homies that gave me
Target gift cards I love you guys man
thank you guys just paid for my snack so
appreciate you
look at this guy
okay so in high school I was like a nerd
like not like a smart nerd like just
like a nobody that was nothing in high
school and I think the main thing I want
to tell you guys today is like it you
don't have to be a popular kid you don't
have to have the dopest sneakers you
don't have to be fly or be known or
anything like that man high school is
basically just 10% or 15% of your life
pretty much 10 to 20% of your life I
would say and it obviously high school
is what decides who you are for the rest
of your life but I don't think people
should let I don't think high school
kids should let high school really
affect them like if you're getting
bullied or if you think you have a crush
on someone or you're in a relationship
like you have so much more life to
experience you know what I'm saying and
one thing I learned from high school is
pretty much like it doesn't matter once
you once you finish high school that's
when you realize like all of that stuff
like the crushes I had to the friends I
had like they don't matter they
disappear like I probably have like only
like one or two friends from high school
that I still communicate with a lot of
my friends from high school like Phil he
was from like a class below me are two
classes below me I can't remember but
he's like the only friend from high
school that I still communicate with on
a regularly basis so I Love You Phil if
you're watching this
you know I got to stop by the local
sneaker shop so supremacy every time I'm
in the base so I'm gonna see if I could
get away with some steals right now see
what they got yeah what's up guys whoo
TV yes sir
Oh take it easy yeah yeah yeah all right
guys so kind of a spontaneous purchase
but I just copped it just Don pack this
is actually my second pair I sold my
first one but I got a second pair this
one's used so I won't be a too hesitant
to bust these out and beat them up a
little bit member huge shout out to Sol
supremacy man and then they have this
other account called Sol in store which
is basically shoes that you can only buy
if you come in store which are for crazy
steals and then they also have this
other website which is called Sol steals
Sol Sol steals is basically like shoes
for dumbass cheap and you sign up and
you get like a membership it's for
members only but I'll link it in the
description box so shout out to Sol
steals check out the social supremacy
and shout out the SOL in store and yeah
man you guys won't even guess how much I
paid for this can you guys guess but
let's just say wait hold on what's
retail I paid under retail
I guess I just got home it's almost
midnight I'm uploading crew kicks I was
just spending time with my family
I'm leaving back to LA in about six and
a half hours so I'm just you know I'm
gonna be home cleaning up and it was a
good three days here man got to see my
family it so much going on man the tour
the tour countdown how many days are we
two weeks less than two weeks away now
I'm super eager to show you guys the box
set but I want to wait until it's
actually until I get the sample but I'm
not gonna get the sample until like next
week so I'm low-key like trying to
decide whether or not I want to show you
guys one item in the in the box set so
basically there's I think there's four
items in the box set yeah I don't know
if I'm gonna end the vlog on that note
because there's still a lot more hours
in the day but as of right now check in
with y'all later the vlog ends right now
then I'll see y'all tomorrow
I forgot that he got these these
