I called the nubra I come outside and
it's gone it literally didn't even give
me three minutes to get my bags and come
down and this hair is like
like
so you guys didn't know by now I did
decide to come home for a few days so I
have a debate area currently just landed
in San Jose
I'm just here like you know visit family
and just be home for a few days because
I haven't come in a couple weeks and
just felt like I needed to about :
should be fun
Oh
Mitchell Oh Jesse Oh
Trader Joe's
we just got done visiting visiting my
grandpa my grandma and now I don't know
I got to go back home and do some work
so I don't know what's gonna happen the
rest of the day honestly curvy numbers
I was trying to think like how can I
make this vlog good I've literally been
just visiting family and being home all
day pretty much so I was thinking of
different things that I can show you
guys and I thought yo why aren't I
freaking to show you all these sneakers
this is pretty much my brother-in-law's
collection what sign is really his
collection it's a whole bunch of
stickers that he got and he's either
trying to get rid of him or it's his so
it's just sitting here in my old room as
a storage so shout out to my
brother-in-law for making my old room
historic but pretty much obviously in
the time I put brother but I don't have
a brother so this is the closest thing I
have to a brother so yeah but before I
show you guys that so earlier when I was
at the airport and I was getting into
the uber my phone was in my pocket
without the case the phone fell out of
my pocket and I closed the door and it
landed in between the door and I closed
it on it and then I opened the door okay
and it fell in the cement and it didn't
crack
but then like five minutes later I
noticed this I bent the out of my
iPhone I don't know if you guys can see
out there you can see it look at that
Wow
well I mean it still works completely
fine I think so I'm not going to like
try to get a new phone or anything but
let's go ahead and get into some of
these shoes because I know that's why a
lot of you guys watch the vlogs is the
sneaker content a part of the vlog so
you'll notice that a lot of them are
size nine eight and a half and nine and
a half just because that's my
brother-in-law size like this one
multicolored Flyknit what is this I even
know what model this is this is a
free-flying it what is this Nike eraser
this is a general admission
general admission this is a general
release sneaker nothing special there 72
tens two pairs one of them is mine I
just keep them on ice out here I think
you have to resell for a living to be
considered a reseller or at least resale
as one of your may as one of your income
or your racers and it's not like this is
this is like a crazy expensive valuable
collection but there's some gems in here
like white cement fours who go crazy for
that night gear we got here oh I haven't
seen done even though he had these water
flying and he loves flying these are
actually pretty dope this is a tennis
shoe with the flying air technology on
it I'm not even gonna look at the tag
but I'm assuming this is another finite
racer oh yeah this is the OG Oreos these
are a woman's shoe actually but got in a
bigger size I forgot what these are
called
these are I'm going to try to guess the
name of these these are the pet not the
Pegasus these are the lunar glides lunar
glide sixes yeah see I know my nike
shows this a lot of oil
multicolored a lot of finance
multicolored finance see he's a soccer
player so you go when they made a soccer
shoe that has flatted on it you know he
was about that another fine it for sure
another pair of racist Oh
Nike ID boom Nike ID oh wow
I forgot that he got these these are
freaking sexy oh my god you know this
look you might be the thumbnail right
here I gotta send a picture of these to
Mike to the group chat yeah these are
sexy I might have to do a full review of
thee I might have to steal these with
size 9 and a half oh I'm taking these ok
back to the regular schedule schedule
deprogramming regular scheduled
programming I have no idea what these
are I know these are the mercurial fly
nets but I don't know what this is a
special colorway or something but this
color is low-key fly flying in a lot of
flying man still kicking it over these
then pesto's and presto joins past those
a lot of people say these are
comfortable I don't know I want to try
them on these are a 9.5 of them actually
Eiffel try these all right yeah yeah
definitely need like a size 10 and 1/2
and easy I'm like bulging out of these
like guys ok so I just moved there's
another Nike ID box oh is this one empty
oh but if he has to if he has two pairs
I'm jacking him for the other one what
is this nmds all ynm DS this is like
probably the only adidas that you're
gonna see here ok so I found the Box I
was looking for
one of my favorite shoes in his a
collection are these right here these
Air Force Ones I know we got these from
Europe it's like a special Air Force one
for Brazil and one of the Brazilian
players but that's pretty dope okay I'm
trying to find like one more dope
sneaker in here
because this is not stuff what is a fan
what is this G he's got like a sneaker
fairy type of scenario swimming fishing
golfing soccer meeting your girlfriend's
parents for the first time 15s okay if
there's better stuff in this box well
yeah man that's pretty much it for the
sneakers I thought there was going to be
more stuff do want to say that right now
right here we are going to start the
official countdown the official
countdown to the no friends just family
tour this right here is the countdown we
are two weeks away so many little things
that are being put together to make the
tour happen right now we want to just
hang out with you guys man and that's
what every every pop-up shop is going to
be like so pretty much everybody a few
people have actually tweeted me saying
where can I get tickets or where can i
buy tickets and guys it is completely
free like you just got to show up and
that's it you can hang out with us if
you want to buy merch you can buy merch
so we're not trying to charge you guys
to come inside or not we don't care if
you buy merch or not at the end of the
day this is just for us to meet the
people who put us in the position that
we are in today again every every city
is completely free the only city that
you guys have to pay for is Dallas and
that's just because the pop-up shop is
going to be inside of sneaker con Dallas
for all my Dallas people I apologize for
that but if you do get a ticket and come
into the Dallas New York on I could
promise you that it's going to be Li t
lit it's crazy to think about but this
is my first time driving across the u.s.
so yeah man no friends just family and
that's it we're gonna end the vlog on
that note no 65
hello all right guys so I'm trying on
these Chuck's right here and they've got
lunar on the inside so there's
