so I was trying to take a nap and then I
get a million phone calls and texts that
either outside my house these guys why
calling me then so we bout to film for
watch us Wednesday's right now he's
doing a video on how to wear sneakers
when I was I remember I was like a
middle school high school I didn't know
how to wear Jordans or high-top stuff so
that's fine
damn you should make that you know
you're telling us what I used to wear
like those best thing in in re-entry so
you make a video just about what you
what you used to wear in like elementary
people be interested in the history of
why us guys the neighborhood I live in
is so huge there's like 60 different
towers and every day I just find stuff
new stuff like I don't even know this
was here this is like a ten-second walk
from where my apartment is right now
it's thirty thousand thumbs up and I'll
walk through that with my uz bar alert
alright alright guys so we just got done
filming a few videos we're gonna go grab
some Cheesecake Factory
why you gotta fight with me a cheesecake
you know I love to go there one thing
that might be a stole you can't go that
would you so now okay so much text now I
know I've been promoting like la sneaker
con heavy and then the camo T's and all
that but now that is out of the way
there's no more promoting that it's time
to promote what's next for myself and
for the crew so basically you guys
already know what it is it is the no
friends just family tour that starts
July 14th in Phoenix Arizona if you guys
do not know the official tour dates I
will put them in the link down below to
the official tour website it's gonna be
hectic this is the first time we're
doing anything like this it's the first
time I'm traveling cross-country in a
car it's gonna be amazing the vlogs are
gonna be epic as hell everybody's asking
me if we're
have the camo tees available or the
black in red I feel like a high beasties
and know I'm doing something completely
different I'm doing something that's
I've never done before and it will be
interesting I'm gonna start teasing
little things should I tell them the
whole thing or no should I tell them
what what I'm releasing or no what
should I tell them what that what it is
like the concept first explain no the
country will give away the actual thing
that's a yeah so just wait for it all to
arrive if it's not that I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna be able to unveil it until
like a couple days before the tour
really cuz ya cuz Farooq is gone for ten
days and then four sides it's something
yeah it's a mystery box know what the
only thing that I was gonna say is like
it I can say that I don't know okay so
bitch I'm gonna announce it right here
so for the tour we will be selling
t-shirts but the main item that we're
gonna be selling for you guys is gonna
be exclusive to the tour it's gonna be
the first ever dream crew box set so
there's gonna be multiple items in one
box set I think there's like four or
five items and it's gonna be only
available to the cities we go to in the
tour as the week's get close as the days
get closer and closer because it's
lonnis Lee coming up so quick I will
start showing you guys what's inside the
box and it is a collab box so it's
myself and five pillars so I'm gonna
show ya know they're not gonna be
numbered but there will be a card inside
yeah to let you know that yeah exactly
first thing I'm gonna show you guys is a
tease of the box being made
so hopefully you guys need to enjoy it
you look at this view guys this is
beautiful
this is like nothing was the same
can we go check up there's a bar table
right
the first thing I do when I get into
cheesecake is I tell the person I went
to go see what the way it is and then I
go to the bar table conceived of any
open table
like Halloween in this
no way we came right to the table
okay so we're leaving Cheesecake Factory
and logy left his phone at the table so
it cost to get
$8,000 phone prank Cheesecake Factory
gone wrong so just give it to him right
now
yeah he's probably helicopter pasta kid
what's going on guys so it's currently
pretty late so somebody gave me this I'm
like why are you giving me this and then
I opened it up in to come my clean
laundry that I just did is in the
laundry basket and then my dirty laundry
is just stacking up inside my closet
after standing on these all day at
sneaker Con would it be no I think they
they're pretty good these this pair
right here hurts more than my other two
750s I don't know what it is but this
whole side like like right here this
whole area was killing me after like two
hours so I don't know what it was but
just this pair right here for some
reason is the worst 7:50 I've had but I
mean the colorways dope is help
I think it's so dope that multiple
people at each sneaker con or event or
even in public come up to me with the
camera and say yo can you be in my vlog
and it just shows you that people just
want to share their lives and it's
they're not just doing it for like money
and things like that like they literally
vlog to capture their gaze and their
experiences to look back on them for the
rest of their lives and I think that's
the most important part when it comes to
vlogging is not just to do it because
you're trying to become rich and famous
and gain subscribers you got to do it to
put memories on film
so that you can go back and watch it and
that's one of the main reasons why I've
always been into videos and all I used
to always record like me hanging out
with my friends before vlogging was even
a thing so what is that tiny toast
oh was before
although
great my trunk
