hi guys I'm here with the biggest
biggest eyepiece on YouTube guys you
guys want to know what is the biggest
Ivy's hold on yes that might be the
thing that might be the thumbnail view
all of a sudden all of a sudden listen
again alright guys so it's been a hectic
morning this is the first scene of the
vlog I wasn't able to do anything
through a running late finally we got
the dream crew booth on in going as you
guys can see shout out to the line
that's for shout out to Harris this year
no family scene you already spilled over
Harris is here but swag is here all of a
sudden hey look at this guy real life is
wrong shoulder you go guys we're gonna
shut down right now I don't even we're
getting killed by early dollar fine
yeah
how's your experience
hey beta Scott okay we're trying what's
your day here first of all check out the
shirt but look at this combo right here
the what the Kyrie twos and the what the
Kyrie wants fire
my hair ripping your hair
hit it down hit the dad all right all
right guys man quick update it's been
two hours in we sold out in the hello
sausage we still got more for tax to go
shout out to this guy right here he's
got the og og Crew season shirt on check
that out who sees it longtime supporter
hell yeah bro appreciate you look who's
here hey good pop the next time be nice
% o watch us
ah fight em fight em all of a sudden my
friend said I would never feel on your
vibe so I'm here to prove them wrong you
know what I'm looking to help
till the back I heard about that I heard
about that actually
20 bucks now you got a jack up here
breaks up with know what you trying to
do BAM oh gee I'm Kate or something we
should do I don't know but it's turtle
dog still it's the only time you're
going to get Turtledove okay some of me
I can use even less with you know you
can I'm doing right now okay where's our
Mickey Mickey
somebody's so pen
alright guys so we're walking around
right now oh my god all these cracks
right here
y'all want some fried holy
hit the dab
hey y'all finally
oh we miss you
in Mexico you're such a
I love your shirt - what shirt yeah sure
you sure I told him to wear it - yeah
you know it's a boy so good
Hey I was just about to take you down
you read my mind
great minds my question
don't you guys love sandy
all right man take it easy all right
guys it was a great game picture now
yeah
Wow man what a few hours day one of La
sneaker con is wrapped up the event is
still going on shout out to everyone who
caught the shirt we won't have more
shirts tomorrow unfortunately we didn't
expect to sell out the first day man you
guys killed it tomorrow we will have a
restock on the socks though did you park
here we had a really good time I didn't
end up picking on these sneakers up but
that always happens because I'm so busy
with like talking to you guys and just
interacting and oh I'm exhausted but
it's time to go eat we're all hungry and
then we'll be back here tomorrow so
Employee of the Year today little Dada
sure sure yeah that's the old school
look at that crew right there if you
want to buy him me up on Twitter that
was the first ever t-shirt design that I
came up with in like 2012 anyway guys it
is currently like 12 a.m. we decided to
come get a late night snack we're
getting some donuts at my favorite donut
place which is called SK donuts see if
it compares to mr. T's and all mr. T's
is where I give it to mr. T's but yeah
man these guys are leaving in the
morning so they will not be at sneaker
con I don't know if they're gonna go in
the morning to help set up are you gonna
go did not set up this chip on me if you
guys are gonna leave at 10:00 there's no
point of us leaving at 10:00 so so I had
strike sleeper I know is literally
sleeping were like you in a communist he
he said I've never felt so much hahahaha
oh my god I heard about that I look cool
okay
yeah alright guys that's it for today's
vlog gonna call it a night pitchblack if
you enjoyed today's sneak a con la gang
sure you hit that thumbs ya stop boy
headbands long Jersey this guy hates me
right now I've been making is a vacation
very bad no new friends where I just met
you you got a tick bite
