welcome to LA all right guys
too many for chemistry pod cameras
nice guy a pitcher yeah what's up
family's going on man I do all the
sudden all of a sudden all right boy so
fam how you doing man hey oh my god
Jamie what's up bro wonder 15 right now
you're 15 yeah oh my god all of a sudden
oh shit bro how you doing man give me
hard because if you've ever got Mongo we
got
I miss the old friend
alright guys so there was a winner this
morning on the keymaster it was our
second winner so I was counting the
register it's 1109 homie here says
what's up to me I said what's up he's
gonna sneak your car he started playing
the crew kicks machine and we got a
winning second winner 750 how you feel
breath sir good Oh short since you shake
him over here yeah and it's his size it
was so bad - Oh Frank yeah I tried to
frame our Gretchen Hansen that's it
that's it oh god bullshark to joseph
coaching and shout to shame
I know so I can ask you a personal
question G like a personal question that
you might not even feel comfortable
answering but shoes you were in a
sneaker con this weekend let's just say
you got a show up to see Dan you know
what sell a sneaker con you got to show
up we mean swag did a trade that will be
on crew kicks but it was a little trade
that I decided to do because it was a
shoe that I wasn't wearing and that he
wanted and there was a shoe he had that
I wanted so we decided to do an even
trade and I might wear it one of the
days and the other day I might I might
go comfort on the first day all right
guys so I'm having a tough decision
right now so we're over here at round 2
and they got this Bolger Jordan Jersey
right here a goal that I saw first and
then they got these promos sampled on
seas for 650 so I'm trying to decide
either this or the Jersey but he wants
the Jersey okay just get them bouncing
promos clickbait is it that decision I
think I might have to hand you the he'll
do yeah all right guys so I passed on
the down seas but I did get the gold
Jersey
I didn't get the gold jersey this guy
hates me right now I've been making is a
vacation very bad no new frizz where I
just met you you gotta take my jersey
like we've been friends for a minute
it's probably
I never get that excited to see me do it
guys we did a challenge yesterday the
foot roll up challenge go watch it I'm
gonna link it down below okay
hey doing alright guys so here's what's
going down right now so Kanye is doing a
premiere for the new video of the song
famous in Inglewood at the Forum we got
tickets to it it was like 20 bucks so I
got tickets for the whole crew we're all
going together can't take a big camera
so I'm gonna take a little thang dang I
heard about that actually I heard you
have my clothes man
listen um hey plimsoll sorry why did you
delete your snapchat going to you today
Wow can we at all production all the way
I love funny yes I didn't see that cuz
he was like oh it's so dumb there's no
good reaction he was actually I'm gonna
see it because the build-up was the best
part
I'm all grabbing the mic right now to
let you know you have to stop
alright guys so we literally got hella
close to where Kanye came we're sitting
and then they delayed the show by 45
minutes and then he'll of crew members
came and they started causing hella
chaos and insecurity came on the ball
and s because of that so we kind of like
we got ourselves kicked out of those
peeps but it's all good it was good
hey roll all of it
he's so pissed off everybody
Colly collagen provide by some creative
it's shit our shampoo your hide a
message you really controversial ills
art do you understand you just like to
see naked people guys yeah explain to
swing out yeah you have to explain these
encounters clock you got some because
like every wash and I got three wow I
forgot in the beginning I was looking
for you go to use it I bought one
alright guys so tomorrow is sneaker con
I haven't talked about it in today's
vlog at all which is rising but it is
honestly gonna be a long and crazy day
is gonna be was like that imagine
tomorrow is gonna be yeah imagine bro
say top by tough on top pop that back up
up
okay so we have mag Park right now just
shooting around chillin playing
basketball
oh you playing fan you playing really
David oh stop blender this fucking
feeding shit baby
hey guys will you write refers to your
kind of be like oh god damn when you
shot at the amp since then work up oh
we're gonna play nice little game a
knockout and then after this week I
start shooting some collab videos so
let's get it
you
Oh
got'em
ah yes
YouTube sensation Kai's Omar
