what's going on guys so as you can see
fire kick this guy's hacking my phone
right now I don't know what's going on I
just rented out this house right now as
you guys can see we're still in Vegas we
just do a crack in party last night huh
yeah dude and everybody that came in we
had them give us their shoes and then we
kicked them all out and we kept all
their shoes so I'm just kidding guys
we're at this dude's house right here
what's good man what's up guys introduce
yourself to everybody I'm blank when we
have been able to collaborate everyone
check out my channel just win sneakers
big thank you to this guy Thank You Man
thank you for inviting us to your crib
his collection video that we did
together is on crew cakes it's already
upon crew case tried to discover
something I've done crew collection on
Mondays as you guys know where people
send me their videos but we wanted to do
something a little bit different since
we are in Vegas he lives in Vegas and
we're like you know we'll just come to
your crib and just do it together so
this is something different that I'm
doing and if you guys want to see more
of me going and doing people's
collections together comment down below
let me know what you guys think we're
gonna head out this is our last stop
before we head back to LA they're headed
to LA - so they're packing up all their
sneakers because why sneaker con so
sneaky con la this weekend alright guys
so we are about halfway to LA it's been
smooth sailing no traffic it's been fun
right
but anyway I want to give you guys a
quick quick update because everybody has
tweeted me about I feel like a hypebeast
shirts the pre-order ones and everybody
ordered I know the shipments have not
came out yet they were supposed to be
shipped out in two weeks it's been
almost three weeks and the reason for
that is just because we had way more
orders than we expected so pre-orders
were made after we found out how many
units we sold so
it was a lot more work that had to be
done so I want to apologize shirts will
be shipped out towards the end of this
month so I'm sorry for the next show we
gonna have two week delay but you guys
will get your shirts soon so please stay
tight and if anybody has any questions
about maybe like you put the wrong
address or you put your wrong email or
anything you can email this email right
here it is Dream Cruise 4 at gmail.com
and they will get back to you as soon as
possible I don't run the website even
though it is my website I don't run the
shipping and all that stuff so I need
you guys to contact that email and again
that camo t-shirts that we're gonna be
selling at secret con la those are not
going to be available online so if
you're in LA I would suggest if you
really want want to come early to sleep
York on Saturday and Sunday to cop one
if they're still available
and
yeah alright quick stop in San
Bernardino we're about an hour and 10
minutes away from LA sunset is just sexy
as hell but this camera don't do no
justice man I was chilling in my hotel
room from like 10 p.m. until like 3:00
a.m. and for some reason uploading crew
kegs went right over my head I
completely forgot how basically I'm
sorry but I did really just go to cool
cakes everything's gonna be there you
like tell her he was terrible I was not
tired yeah listen I hop happy birthday
yesterday when I got home from Vegas I
was exhausted man I was just taking care
of a whole bunch of stuff I was
overwhelmed I was stressed out when I
finally got some sleep and I'm still
stressed out and overwhelmed but I mean
it's a new day I don't want to bore you
guys with all this information that you
guys already know about but sneaker con
la is this weekend
it is hectic man is it's a lot going on
Harris is coming into town swags coming
into town the rest of the group sorry
the rest of the crew will be here heard
about that actually
here's the qualified food there's
nothing like this is me right here
I hate doing car talking sequences but
I'm not one to really complain about
anything like barely sometimes I've
really really been messing up lately and
I want to apologize because crude cakes
I missed two days in the past like two
weeks and then I missed another day by
15 minutes because YouTube was
processing but that's not an excuse it's
my fault for uploading so late
okay you ready to take a picture job
yeah alright guys so I just got to Mac
Park and I'm about to shoot this collab
with the homie but I'm gonna let him
introduce himself
oh man I'm on camera all right so my mom
what's your name where you from what'd
you do my name is Giancarlo and I'm
originally from New York City but I live
in Huntersville North Carolina right now
it's like like 10 minutes from Charlotte
and came out to LA to collab with Kyson
a bunch of others and go to sneaker con
so it's gonna be lit you guys gonna go
check it out it's blazing airy kicks I'm
at like 48 thousand subscribers right
now it would be sick if I could get the
50 by the end of June but we're doing
some we're doing a collab right now
we're gonna be doing a little game on my
channel it should already be up cuz I
think I'm gonna post it today but uh
yeah welcome to California
I'm here with Jaime to say what's up
Jamie alright guys so we just left mag
park and we're going to actually get a
tour of the Ellen studios why because
last week remember I kind of hinted that
we were filming something for the Ellen
show I don't know if it's going on The
Ellen Show for it's going on ellentube
but the producers are super nice and she
invited us to come take a look at the
Ellen set which is gonna be dope as hell
and I know I can't vlog in there so I'm
sorry about that
oh my god hold on look at this this is
so joke to me guys look at this oh my
god you're gonna you're gonna turn it on
this is the best Batmobile of all time
right here this is the best Batmobile oh
wow this is the actual costume
can I touch you - no so apparently
Robins outfit was in Superman and I
didn't even know as you guys can see all
of a sudden adidas all of a sudden you
got them adidas on them got that Rolie
all right guys so I'm currently on the
set of that show right there we think is
pretty much gone like the chairs and all
that stuff so you don't really get to
see any of that stuff our next guest
YouTube sensation Kai's Omar alright
guys so luckily I was able to bring some
footage get the footage for you guys it
was pretty dope man it was a great
experience you guys had fun time back
the Batmobile little Museum they had as
well as the friend set was my favorite
by far so my thoughts I loved them there
I love Carmelo all of oh no you told me
you're a Carmelo fan yeah you told me
you're Carmelo so I'm happy something
hope we need a guard look oven-baked
bring it over bring it over what's your
company pharmacy and i youtube is ryan
space shane sh ein check them out right
here what's going on guys so I just took
a quick little nap and then we film
something but look one with you and the
adventures you're you know what it is
video that's adventures Q&A adventures
so yeah we're gonna go grab some food at
the Cheesecake Factory we're also gonna
meet with a few of the secret con homies
and we're gonna talk about some business
moves you know what I'm saying talking
about the future sneaker cons and all
that good stuff so having a little nice
meeting and dinner right now so yeah man
my head's pounding right now so we're
going to walk to the grocery store cuz
we're gonna get some fruit snacks cuz we
want to do like a little challenge for
his his channel I also need to get some
milk and the reason why I haven't really
been vlogging these past few days which
I told you guys about earlier is but
I've been you know tired in there's a
lot of pressure on the kids shoulder
right now but today was even worse
because today I just had a pounding
headache and we went to dinner and we
had like a little meeting slash dinner
like I told you guys earlier and I just
wasn't there like I was like zoning out
and I felt like throwing up and yeah man
hopefully you guys aren't mad at me I
know you guys are really frustrated with
the whole lady late uploads on crew
kicks so I made sure to upload crew
kicks early today and huh 11:45 11:45
compared to 11:59 a.m. and I just it's
been an off week for me so I do
apologize swagga did he's coming in a
few hours so he might be in this vlog
Yama's coming with Harris and the whole
crew will be in the building man that
was gonna be fun man it's gonna be a fun
weekend to the grocery store closed
five minutes ago but they let us in
luckily and we're just grabbing I'm
grabbing a milk it's expiration July
fourth that's perfect and I've been
describing the fruit roll-up there's
somebody outside like cussing out all
the workers and he's like let that mean
I just want a fruit roll-up I feel like
I'm on super sweepstakes you guys
remember that show they had to go get
groceries in their bath get that
was a funny ass shot used to watch out
with my grandparents she got some milk
oh sure you can hear I'm not gonna point
the camera at him but you guys can
probably hear listen thank you thank you
my bad
that's what's up hey take it easy
brother yeah yeah I'm not going to ask
how you got your hands on all the pomp
but they got him here man he knows a guy
