I keep thinking it's the weekend what's
going on guys back in Vegas day to me
and mr. fire kicks in so it's five
o'clock guys we get up now leaving our
room
alright guys so we just got to the
Fashion Show Mall you want to go try to
get these new adidas bounces that came
out fire cases we're going to pick up
pick up a pair they look dope in person
right there
alright guys so if you guys remember on
my nmd video I told you guys within a
few weeks or months these would start
sitting on shelves and I predicted
correctly mass production
these look like these would be dope but
they're an actual Kimble Walker PE but I
don't know I think they're overdoing
this whole city pack oh aquas these
are sick see these I don't know they're
dope as hell though so they do have my
size unfortunately they don't about that
size I'm used to it
so but we're gonna stop by another mall
right by our hotel luckily hopefully you
can still get a haircut
these things are dope man I love how the
print goes all the way to the midsole I
think that's pretty dope
just got sneakers on deck like look at
this fam rows on rows and rows and rows
and rows autograph flew games low-key
want these are here the birthday dish
the birthday curry one yo I remember
these back in high school dude these
were insane and then I used to have
these back in high school
these are freakin sick these are the
ones back in high school not no retro
 he's right here
these ones as well these are my other
high school kicks what do you think of
these huh cool alright guys I've shown
you pretty much every single easy ever
except the first original Easy's well I
don't know if these technically you call
me Z's but check these out right here
I'm not going to ask how you got your
hands on all of them but they got him
here man I know God he knows a guy as
you guys can see these are the s doc
Carter's this is Jay Z's shoe with
Reebok and they made special pairs
friends and family for mr. Kanye West
college dropout bear on the back I
didn't get to play last time because it
was a freakin long ass I know
Oh God was to have winners and put
another pair of Jays since we got the
champion pack eight I thought I would
add the championship pack sixes I got
him for two and a forty bucks which is a
steal I believe that's under retail so
shout out to un alright guys so we're
leaving the mall right now and look how
beautiful it is
it's only right that we throw that thing
in the air
alright guys so back on the LV strip
right now it is still hot as hell man
but we're going to go stop at this
footlocker yeah Hollywood because they
have those alpha bound what are they
call alpha balances oh yeah today's
Jamie's birthday too so happy birthday
Jamie man shout out the plug wish you
were here in Vegas with us also happy
birthday to Alex sneaked ahead in the
bay it is to get in the base birthday -
oh there is another colorway look at the
blackboard hey I feel like that's more
if this was all over this yeah they
would have sold out but I still like it
though primeknit flux is hard I found it
I found it I found it like honestly what
do you guys think
like let's keep it real this is easy on
it how many of you guys would actually
go cop this this is dope man's good
hi fam let's get to meet you brother
take it easy man yes sir for life he
know about the tour
