alright guys so I just got into this
nigga called London venue and it is
about an hour and a half before showtime
I don't know where anybody from crowd
protect is but I'm the only one here at
the booth I decided to come a little bit
early just because I wanted to check out
the vibe and I actually wanted to do
some shopping so I'm gonna look around
see the vibe see what's available you
know I feel like there's gonna be a lot
of supreme stuff here because obviously
there's a supreme store in London and I
feel like it's not as it is hyped but
like the recent there's not a lot of
resellers out here the way there is in
like LA in the United States I'm gonna
make my rounds before things get crazy
before they open the doors it is so
freaking chilly right now I'm like
freezing my ass off inside of here
alright guys so I've been walking around
for like 20 minutes I see a lot of
Supreme I see a lot of sneakers but
there's one booth that stands out the
most to me because these guys are living
life guys bro Nintendo switch for the
wind off a real man Mario oh I got next
for sure I got next bruh Wow then I
should have thought of that I should I'm
gonna do that too alright guys I'm not
gonna lie to you bruh
I've asked a few people how much they're
charging for sneakers and they are
taxing out here bruh they trying to
charge 850 pounds for a pair of Oreo
human racers but human races that that's
ridiculous stores open in about 30
minutes so I'm trying to really get my
rounds in I haven't bought anything yet
but then I remembered there's one thing
that I really really want that only came
out out here in London and that's the
ovo exclusive hoodie and it has the owl
on it has the England flag so I really
want to see if I could find that here I
feel like somebody's got to have it
definitely need to look for that right
now or what's up y'all doing good so I'm
gonna see if anybody has that but I
haven't seen it so far
El Vez
oh wow these are sick - is this real LV
area
Alvie fire fire these are dope
these are fire right here
they use the genes right here the LG
supreme dreams on these runs
I'm a kind of deep yeah I was but those
are size 11 if that was a 10 I would
have been to offer it real go yo yeah
alright guys so they're about to open
door I guess they're opening at 12:00 I
don't know it's already 11 right he
freaking made me wake up early come here
I said everything up and now he tells me
that doors doors are opening at 11:00
but they have an open doors but anyway
let's look at our book because our booth
display London is the hometown of crap
protec so the setup is huger than it is
in America but basically this is our
portion of it we got the tube tube
apron we got the waterproof shirts with
the 10 pins you don't saying BAM
these are so cold right now and they
the box set with the video playing right
here all the crap products this is so
little this is I haven't even seen one
of these though yeah Loki I'm gonna have
to tell the ship was these because we
can't take them on the road with us but
comes with the charge or everything but
let's look at the shoes they got off
this plate - shouted threes Calabrese
Bubba
they're setting up Nels
I mean it's not it's not that
interesting because the glass is there
we'll show you guys all this stuff
tomorrow but anyway you know about to
get things started and doors about to
open so I want to buy one of everything
one of everything yeah yeah yeah go
ahead man yeah just let me get the whole
staff
I like okay we just bought Kai's his
business we're gonna sell it now the
American money's legit but this the
Kalends are bought or the euro what is
this let's just say I bought everything
on its own mine now
all right you wanna buy some credit ed
come here I'm charging triple and how
mad would you be if I just threw this in
the air how are you gonna do that oh
really all right guys you just opened
the doors and the line already is
stacked up yo yo yo I got proper manners
out here London they don't scream like
that the war is in America shouts out to
my Man
my name is Calum Evans you can follow me
on instagram now already with the plug
hi I'm Evan and I've just applied
Constitution Gucci Virtual Reality
Gucci virtual virtual reality glasses
brother these are crazy
tell him the backstory on these so
basically my friends a model and he was
giving him a Gucci pretty cool party and
I thought that was a cool piece and cos
was interested so I had to sue him out
yeah he had to hook it up 30 pounds got
it comes with the little box and
everything so it's pretty lit Gucci
yellow I haven't seen a yellow Gucci box
so that's cool
folds up just a little cool thing to
have keep it around the apartment you
know watch some VR all right let's see
what you got man
whoa I can do it too you know that right
been a minute man no mr. moon I know he
abandoned me in LA he doesn't want to
see you crew what you saying never come
to visit me it's all good
we're both busy you're busier than me
though and then even thought I was there
did a Google documentary big movies big
things Oh with Casey and I try to branch
out to bring you through you weren't you
weren't interested you said I'm busy are
you get a link oh that's cute
never what it was Casey follow me on
Twitter crazy dude
yes but before you hung out with it Oh
I don't know idea he follows me on
everything whether we're doing a bike
and still is wrong or Elina
place abroad Casey's sick yeah okay we
wish it out too baggy heat dust ticket
so you just bought these I knew you were
gonna say that you know these are fake
yo custom some lady got super pissed and
she like threw it at us hold on let me
put let me take a pose write this so all
those accounts could take pictures and
say I got fakes again these are fake
somebody got him legit checked at the
booth and they they figured out they
were fake really bad fakes but he's
taking them so he can make a video on
them so if you want to find out why
they're fake watch his channel she got
pissed she literally threw somebody
traded you said brand-new belugas for
those 2.0 2.0 verbally oh wow somebody
got ripped off man be careful guys get
your shoes legit check before you do
trades easy buster calm / legit check
all right plug all right all right guys
so your boy has been m.i.a from the vlog
all day I'm trying to get that content
in right now Steve your call ends in one
hour and I'm gonna make my rounds
because you know we finished the line
you don't say each other I love you too
bro let's go talk to Tony and then but
wait
all of a sudden very Calabasas size-12
right
you don't know your histogram by heart
I'm dying good fam the best food that
sneaker pawn right there starts tomorrow
you know I'm saying much no hot my big
man I don't my life Stefan like you can
rock or pop spam I have no idea what
they just said big money big money man's
in London come blinkman man never takes
up a jacket no hot yo guys we bout to
take a fire ass picture we gone viral
this picture better get at least at
least a honey cake at least a hundred K
on this picture and I'm not this is not
my jacket first of all I'm flexing
someone else's jacket this is his jacket
but I got a do it because they're
wearing it you don't say I got a stand
down he did it first though we got pity
we can't like this needs to get more my
picture on Instagram you say it more
than 50k likes y'all yeah I go to my
Instagram follow me the homie offered me
these right here unreleased off white
air max vapor Max and I don't know if I
should cop it but I'm almost likely I'm
gonna pass but these are just clean I
don't know I'm iffy I'm HP let me know
if you guys think these are a hundred
percent legit
or what yeah
these are crazy Steiger con London is
done it is wrapping up everybody's
packing their bags we've been kind of
teasing the collab but I think it's time
to officially announce it some images
yeah with some images so the grand prize
winner the Graham yeah so there's
there's there's levels to it okay so
let's go up let's start with sneaker con
New York so New York on New York guys we
are dropping of blazing crew collab
hoody half of the work I think we're
making about 150 150 each so I'll have
150 at my booth you'll have 150 at his
booth and it will be available within
the two days of sneaker con New York in
that day if it doesn't sound insane but
that's what I was about to say so make
sure you guys come early and cop that
it's the first ever collab that we're
doing and then we're doing a second
collab which is going to be a completely
different item so the weekend after that
we are going to be doing an online drop
we're gonna do an online drop and
everybody who order something is going
to be entered into a contest and this is
gonna be a pre-order for two days and
the pre-order means anybody can order
it's not gonna sell out a minute amount
a limited amount because we want
everybody to be able to purchase it and
it's gonna be worldwide shipping it's
gonna be a hoodie and a shirt I believe
we haven't officially you know figured
all that out but we know we're doing
that's the plan yeah and
forty-eight hours a shirt in a hoodie
and then we're gonna have a contest with
that so anybody who purchases it we're
gonna probably have like five prizes
there's gonna be four prizes will be
like face time a few people face time
when I four would have some our own yeah
we'll send them some we'll figure that
out but the grand prize the grand prize
is that one person is gonna win a chance
to fly out somewhere and hang out with
us for a day one day full vlog shopping
experience hanging out shopping and
taking it with us like and it's it's not
just like a regular day out we'll tell
you guys more about it as it comes
closer but we're gonna fly you somewhere
in the u.s. in Guardian if you're under
any yeah and their Guardian if you're
underage or whoever you want so two
people not two different winners but
whoever wins can bring somebody with
them
and you get to hang out with us so it's
gonna be huge it's something that hasn't
been done in the sneaker YouTube world
so we're making history yes actually I'm
really excited for the winner yeah I'm
excited to hang out with the winner and
get everybody in that dream the
the blazing crew yeah merge and the
funny thing is I love how soon as we
posted a picture of us on Instagram and
we've typed it oh yeah yeah there's so
many counts that Shaq logo like somebody
made an Instagram account just for for a
lot yeah this dope
so appreciate the support obviously I
mean a lot that you guys support who we
are as people and that you want to
support by buying the merchandise and
nothing but nothing but positive vibes
then Ted it I don't know no have one but
that's alright yeah I'll vouch for him
but yeah be ready for that sneaker con
New York and then the weekend after the
online pre-order 48 hours 48 hours win a
chance to hang out with both of us
together all right so now I'm gonna have
back to the hotel we're probably gonna
have you know post everything within the
week of like officially if you didn't
understand any of that
read it back description some visual
description pictures and all that stuff
and we'll see you guys in the hotel guys
alright today's the day after sneaker
con and it was actually really dope I
had a lot more fun I think this sneaker
con London was way more successful than
the one that was going on tour in May it
was bigger a lot of people mm-hmm a lot
of people understood what to do there
you know last time in May it was the
first thinker con so I feel like a lot
of people came and they were just kind
of confused on what to do as far as like
bringing sneakers to trade and sell and
this time it was just like it just went
down as far as my own pickups I didn't
buy really anything except like the
supreme headband and a supreme like face
like thingy that just came out honestly
like I mentioned earlier like the prices
were like kind of disappointing over
here people and vendors were just trying
to charge way too much and I'm
interested to see how Germany is because
Germany is obviously like where Adidas
started so I feel like there's gonna be
so much vintage and OG and and samples
and stuff like that from adidas in
Berlin sneaker con this weekend so shout
out to everybody who came out to London
sneaker con I'm actually about to head
over to presented by because we're
having a second meetup there today but I
just also wanted to talk about my snupps
account because I'm gonna start using my
snubs account a lot
for this new group I started and the new
group I started is called the high peace
crew the high peace crew is basically
going to be a group on snupps where I
want you guys to post your outfits I'm
gonna be posting like my outfits and
then you guys can comment on them and
tell me what you guys think but I want
you guys to post your outfits on there
too because I'm gonna be like commenting
on your outfits and I'm actually gonna
feature some of you guys in these vlogs
if you have super dope outfits so I
don't want you guys just to post
pictures of your sneakers or just a
picture of like some one item I want you
to post a full body outfit and I'm gonna
feature you and then I might even do
like fit battles in the vlogs till you
know kind of like put two people going
against each other and kind of talk
about whose outfit I like more or
whatnot so if anybody hasn't doesn't
follow me on snupps already go ahead and
follow me if you don't even have snaps
you need to download it down below I'm
gonna be using this app consistently
I've always had an account ever since it
started but I've always just kind of
been on and off from the app but now I
want to use it a lot more so make sure
you guys download snuffs right now and
like I said just go go add me follow me
again you know I'm saying get the
followers up but then also go join the
hype beast crew group you know start
taking some daily outfit pics you don't
need to post 50 in one day you can post
once a week once every day once every
month whatever it is so however often
you guys want to get featured or you
think you have a dope-ass outfit on just
you know go on snupps and make it happen
and and and let's make that the best
group on the whole app because there's
like I think Richie Lee has the best
group on snubs I think his closet has
like I think he has like 13,000 people
in his group but I have like a couple
hundred so we need to you know we need
to top or she'll even though he is the
homie so go join the high B's crew on
schnapps right now and start posting
your outfits and let's make this the
most poppin group on schnapps you gotta
go - presented by so I don't know if the
vlog is ending right here or if I'm
gonna cut
new app presented by I'm kind of
confused on like the timing of what time
it is in America and all that stuff and
when I should upload and all that stuff
but it's either gonna start a brand new
vlog tomorrow from this point or this
one's and this one's gonna end or it's
just gonna continue and you'll see what
happens but if this one ends thank you
guys watch and hit that thumbs up
subscribe because we're trying to hit a
million subscribers by the end of the
year and Yemen
