I really regret buying this shirt I look
like the villain from spider-man 3
whatever what's going on guys me in the
back of Mack Park right now we are gonna
be doing some filming with be up early
grinding man I'm tired as I went to see
about five woke up at 7 made about a
Judas Pedro I can guess any shoot look I
can tell you what I can tell you what
these are air jordan 5 supreme minds are
closed test me you can't tell shoes just
do it just test me that's like your hand
alright guys so I couldn't show you guys
anything from the shoe regular I'm
uploading from I'm just gonna throw this
out there but that's who we're shooting
for what's up V Santa Barbara angel
angel did he does alright guys so I'm
finally done filming here mag Park I
just filmed the review that was up
yesterday on crude cakes this one right
here these are freaking amazing they did
a great job on these man but anyway I've
been here since 8:00 a.m. I feel like
I'm going on a full shift man but I'm
still putting into work for the channel
I got so happy about these were for sale
they're used 750 alright these are
actually errands who works here so blue
right there
these are the most messed up some fish
as I seen look great alert messed up
easy those what if this was my house
full of sneakers my hidden sneaker
closet y'all didn't even know about
it's a cranky curse or prank oh oh
oh my family I'm outta here
hey you all right side your shoes what
shoes you're 715 grades I just got it no
no no I love people pressuring this is
his 750 si you show them the 750 s
people want to know why why don't you
take care of your shoes
I do take care of it at least you learn
new pants and you forget about it and
you're stunning you forget damn we wear
sneakers huh that's the man to know
currently leaving Burbank right now last
time oh it is ugly a shirt in a few days
we're going to WWE money in the bank one
more day we are headed to Las Vegas for
money in the bank and we can do a lot of
filming out there a lot of having fun
having a good time I just said having
fun in like three different ways okay
but you know what
I went home and slept all day but now
it's time to eat some wings just about a
full moon tonight dog it's beautiful out
here yeah there's some days out here in
LA when I don't do anything and then
there's days like today when I'm just
like back to back to back you've enough
since 7:00 a.m. we've been filming since
8:00 a.m. Big Show's YouTube videos
collabs all in one day cuz I'm about to
go collab with the homie Justin right
now I just wanted to make sure
hey hey crew what are we doing we're
filming a look a little skip that I had
Coxsackie inspired me when night I went
to go film his ivan meet us here in
years
and like you know what let's go back to
the roots and I'm making one with him
hell yeah I'm not used to this I'm used
to like apartments and in LA oh
yeah the flamingos I didn't help blow it
open dude I've been blowing this thing
up for 20 minutes this is it oh I keep
forgetting to promote the video this
Sunday guys this Sunday is the video
with Tim so basically the new vo will be
up tomorrow on the main channel the
director right here the features Tim
it's going on my main channel so yeah
now we're about to film this gizzle is
bang this out we're filming one of the
scenes of this video on top of the roof
and it involves cereal that's not weird
but I haven't been in the bottom top of
a roof since like elementary school who
used to jump in my friend's pool dan we
need to come here and just think of
ideas and
alright guys getting up was easy to come
down yeah
and go first where's the ladder at
through the ending in this video I have
to jump into the pool and like just in
my boxers not looking forward to this
it's like 1:30 in the morning we have
Kyle wherever he is but crisis over
there guys I'm back home
keep this out real quick I want to say
thank you guys for watching and in
exactly one week is sneaker con la June
25th and 26 it is a hundred percent free
to come
we have exclusive merch I'm gonna
actually be unveiling new video on the
main channel tomorrow you gotta put in
that work to make these dreams come true
man let's break this thumbs up button
right now because I want to test you
guys if you guys want me to do a roast
yourself challenge I need you guys to
get me 20,000 thumbs up okay now you
guys are getting like five to seven
thousand on average so I don't see why
20,000 should even be a problem for you
guys so let's go ahead and do it hit
that thumbs up I'm like a comma comma
comma I'm gonna call it a night I'll see
you guys tomorrow
and I am outta here yes I wanted to be
so bad
