rollin all right yeah you got a package
from champs it's actually been a minute
since they send me anything I thought
they were mad at me that I did that
whole fake easy thing that definitely a
basketball too it's a high top I think
so bad these are the Batman's the inside
has the Golden Gate Bridge or it might
be the Bay Bridge now I think is Golden
Gate Bridge what's going on guys as you
guys can tell the audio might be a
little bit different right now because I
don't have an external mic on it I'm
gonna go use my old mic I don't like the
new one I bought because it picks up
like all the noise around rather than
what's in front of it so I'm gonna go
with my old mic so there might be some
technical issues on this vlog because
even my old mic it's a little loose on
the whole that's what she said
I might have to end up buying a brand
new camera because the audio port is
fucked up so it sucks but gonna switch
it up oh he's here our uber - what the
hell is that him he has a Mercedes where
is he going
you looking good you
Hoffman slept over last night so he
didn't have any extra clothes so he's
wearing some of my old clothes but we're
gonna go head over to the dash store
because the rumor has it that they have
some problem urge you know you boys
about to go cop some more as if I needed
it what's wrong with this guy
shotgun I heard about that actually how
did you so that's far oh you know
something
all right guys as you guys can see this
mic might come in the way there you see
it okay but it shouldn't be that bad all
of a sudden phone calls handling tour
business
the assistant manager goes yeah I can
take care of everything so I told her
everything and then she goes oh you know
what actually manager is going to do it
and like go let's check out this mustard
Beamer when your daughter's broken stuff
alright guys so I ended up having one
hoodie the one that says I feel like yay
fire case what'd you get I got a I got a
beanie case is trying to get into
supreme
there's gonna
to say let the neck don't let that deep
we can get in there
you don't even buy Supremes I don't
believe you anyway we're gonna Hall of
Fame right now so but to see Mickey real
quick
do that dance boy do that dance sergeant
you're recovering from the best player
in the NBA
oh my god stop it
no you know I know my outfit is nice but
even the ultra boots like we both got on
ultra boost only thing is the jeans I
like your style
yeah these guys were so what's up so so
what's up sup bro as you guys can see
the machine is off right now but it is
being prepared and ready for Saturday
cuz Saturday is the official launch of
the mag part part of Hall of Fame doors
they're back
we got next knots we got now
hi guys if you watch yesterday's crew
kicks video oh shit
you saw me unbox these and right now I'm
debating on whether I like them or not
because they're dope but I don't know if
they're worth $600 so I threw them on
feet it's definitely a shoe that I can
only walk in the wintertime
every I think this outfit is like the
perfect I can wear with this yes pretty
much the only outfit let me know what
you guys think even though you guys are
all gonna bash it but honest opinion
fashion wise do you guys think it is a
keeper or no-go
goddamn here alright guys so it's time
to eat me a fire case about to go grab
some what Gucci sounded like you said
sushi is it food and then he said what I
like sushi sushi so we're gonna go out
grab some sushi Warriors are currently
getting dominated by the Cavs they're
trying to force the game 7 but hopefully
does it happen because I really don't
want it to go back to Oracle 1 because
I'm not gonna be there so I'll be
jealous of everybody there and 2 just
because like why why why dog pulls it
out today
we were at the sushi place and these
guys and this guy right here preferred
that they wanted to leave so we've left
that restaurant and we came to this
Italian restaurant for the honeys and
white we use it I'm not gonna complain
we got pizza we're gonna go to the gym
after that and we got the game playing
over there so Warriors lost this game
but for some reason like it's not fun
watching the park
lady mornin starting to really because
LeBron like that see the book to the
partners like seven times in a row
there's only one twice like I'm not
gonna hate on the brown I know the
blonde or LeBron fans probably watch
this we all have our own favorite
players but me personally I just don't
like
carries in the mouth so guys we are two
days away from money in the bank in Las
Vegas I'm super excited man
game sevens gonna be going on literally
at the same time so I'm gonna be
watching it on my phone at the arena the
sky is beautiful
yo what's going on guys so I'm here with
what fine cakes having a sleepover right
now and we're talking about girls I'm
just kidding but to show them this crew
collection that I got a few days ago
probably the top collection it's like a
whole bunch of pease and samples but he
did some crazy shit so I'm not even
gonna show you guys the whole collection
it's gonna go up next Monday ok video to
get you guys all the krims
I wear my shoes like a slip-on here hang
on they float so I have to put a ball
but that's how I wear my easy boots the
same face I slip on cuz I can only get
these in a size 14 and then today guys
you do what you want your sneaker this
that's all that man you would do well
when your pocket do it you want me to
pop in yeah that collection will be up
on Monday
ooh let's talk
