I have been up since freaking 7 a.m. 8
a.m. I bought Kanye tickets this morning
for the pablo tour same Pablo tour what
what you ready for this weekend guys
this weekend is let the countdown begin
right here
sponsored by C key we are going to money
in the bank in Las Vegas you ready your
birthday weekend well your birthday's on
Monday oh yeah guys this weekend I told
you guys this other day but let me get
it a little bit more clear there's like
so many announcement every ball trick
gonna pop in here but anyway so you guys
know Mac Park over here in Burbank
they're opening up their second location
which is going to be a pop-up shop on
Fairfax but it's on technically its
pop-up shop it's gonna be different long
time for long for a while but this
Saturday is the grand opening on Fairfax
two stores over from Supreme I might
stop I'm gonna we're gonna stop
we're not going to do a whole
meet-and-greet thing but I'll be working
the whole story but that's about I'll
stop by for sure because there's
something in that store that is mag Park
and myself doing a collab but we're
gonna unveil that in tomorrow's vlog so
stay tuned for that because that's going
to be huge man all I can say is if you
can't beat up join up alright guys so we
just got done filming this little
challenge that's going up I should be
already up but the homie right here he's
all the way from Chicago so he wants to
say what's up was good man shoutout
Donovan and Alejandro thanks guys no
problem and thank you hope you have a
good time out here I'm in the back of
MAG Park now like mostly all sneaker
shops they have their sneakers wrapped
up in this like plastic stuff for
example do you have one right oh like
this you know how they're always wrapped
up so I'm gonna actually show you guys
how they do it I don't know if anybody's
interested in this but you can actually
do it at home too right regarde from the
Pacers not George Hill
want me to show you the first thing you
doing yeah this is a fragment one okay
so pop this sucker open
stick it in all the way to the corner so
it's like a little bag yeah and then
your point is that you just close it so
that's like a heat presser yeah let this
cuts total plastic you should wear a
mask on this because it blends
classically because cancer but we're
dying anyway
and there's levels to the gun so he gun
it doesn't damage your sneaker right no
but you can't keep it like this forever
because you know secret does get old so
an anchor combo entire right
if the people want to do this at home
they can use just like a blow dryer
right well you like it I think any more
heat than that blow dry wood I think you
want you to do both and that's about it
where we keep if you keep going too hard
and make holes
oh yeah we do it yeah guys you thought
Mac Park was just sneakers and clothing
but no we bought to get cut in the back
shout-out to the homie it was good but
uh he's cutting me he cuts Wally any
other famous people we can do to hype
you up with a plug you know oh you click
me put the playhead is here oh you the
haircut bug I don't know if this market
up to cuz you don't pay enough that's
good I don't have an L a barber bro I'm
like that's my biggest struggle I only
get legal you never go back
then let's just say 10 years turn back I
really have no cuz I only go to my
barber back home in the bay and I went
to a few barbers out in LA but it's just
I hate going to shops I don't feel
comfortable going to shops oh yeah check
it out beautiful thing cut ready for the
week you have blessed my hair are you
working on are not you Jamie probably go
next guys getting cut okay so you pull
this out full of names don't put our
guests wrong just get in it oh you got
Matt you got put the shooing you pick
anything still easy make sheet wait is
that
no choose a five all your over the bus
no that's not bad is that there's a
closet any it technique to do it yeah
that's not nuts no like tip and yeah tip
into the corner oh you listed okay
no and then yeah pull this upwards
remember now you gotta roll this back
are you all right there okay yeah close
it and then when the light shuts off
that's when you pull it up
okay now you do the bottom library
myself and I said yeah and it hurt just
stinks oh I can't wait for the rest of
this this is a dead behind a damn light
behind Mac Park he's on lunch break
lockdown you blow it you blow dry from
the bottom like I did and then you go up
how do I not burn my hand oh you're not
gonna bet your blow dryer it is
really hot
don't touch this okay we're ready pull
it down up you can go another notch but
you might it all up like it yeah
just do what you think you're doing
buddy
yeah just do it just try your best good
good not so wrinkled if you can't let it
wrinkle has to be smooth see this is
your innovative work at mag part hey
give a shot to Jimmy please you know
he's your number one fan bro
Johnny he's never here that's it look at
that still crispy from up here so you
gotta hit that and this back part tuned
a little bit it's not bad though Oh back
part oh you did a whole bucket well you
did good leave it like this because if
somebody comes to my Park this is the
one that I did so if you want to come by
this I did this one so Chyna the time of
fives all men so I literally just spent
like the last like six hours at back
park I honestly
I worked there yeah man office de vibes
I guess that Mike Park got to go edit
and post crew kicks I'm on that Lake
right but I apologize but anyway
shout-out to Jamie because Jamie got me
uh I feel like Pablo shirt another one
as if I needed another one but yeah men
alright those it's my favorite youtubers
right there check them out
I'm it Raji yes don't even know what
time it is you want me to tell you what
time it is if you guys want me to tell
you what time is it let me hear you say
what time I'm delirious man it's
currently 3 a.m.
we're gonna go grub we're gonna go grab
some IHOP so let's go ahead and eat
what's a model boy look at the 3d is for
the climate codes so you ready I just
kinda tomb the tomb Allah 30 minute pace
alright guys so we're waiting for our
food right now you getting them games
you guys if you want to get motivated go
to the gym watch this ball from
yesterday
I will not link it down below winning
team running team
anyway guys pick up date on the tour or
foots you so somebody tweeted me and
they said hook me up with ticket steer
tour but guys the tour is free so
basically it's pop-up shop they're not
actually performing so pop-up shops in
every city we go to but it's also me and
Reid so it's not like you have to come
and buy anything you could come just
hang out if you want and the only city
where you would have to pay to get in is
Dallas and that's because it's actual
sneaker con so
I can't help you guys there because I
don't run sneaker pancha fire kicks legs
late-game strong alright guys so I'm
about to call it a night it's currently
5 a.m. hopefully god damn this night is
making me blind I just want to do a
quick recap of everything because I feel
like every single vlog I'm announcing
something new let's start with the most
recent stuff so basically in tomorrow's
vlog I'm gonna unveil something dope
this is huge
it's a it's a big deal to me I got a so
chance
my hands are cramping up second thing is
that this Sunday we are going to Vegas
for WWE money in the bank and I'll also
be in Vegas for an extra like 2 days
doing some filming it and uh some other
stuff out there no turn up though the
most important thing sneak York on in
Los Angeles June 25th and 26th you know
it's going to be freaking lit we will
have exclusive shirts socks available
man just make sure you guys come on and
hang out with us even if you don't want
to buy merch have a good time with the
crew check out some dope sneakers and
then coming in July is the u.s. tour
more information for that is on just
family tour come if you want to check
out the official dates and cities that's
that before I die because I'm running
out of breath the last thing I want to
say is Atlantis niekirk on September
17th and for that sneaker con I'm
planning something huge something that's
never been done before I feel like this
is are you afraid of the dark I was a
lot of information hope you guys enjoyed
I'm sorry if it was too much it's too
much for me not here
bye guys
little I can afford Jordans and then oh
and I like you I want the ones that look
like the couch name of a yo mom I just
like the cow
