hi guys look at this picture of a cough
okay it's Kanye Scott Disick and what
cause I can't this guy you'll give us a
room tour gee this might seem to become
apartment this is where all my stuff is
gonna be pretty soon you mind is it
really yeah we got nice hangers over
here my putting my kicks over here and
then like the hats and you know this is
just and then the recent ones up there
he's all wound up there cuz you know you
only got to reach for the refills so let
me just see damn
oh it store well you can't find your the
sock so you call your sister show them
to show the shoe game G with the
shoulder shirt and then the shoulder
shoe game damn similar roasting all
right watch how I I tell I love it ain't
no time dude yeah let's just say $3,000
Shuler about the tour because they
announced the tour and he announced it
through Instagram but I want to announce
it officially here on the vlog so the
cities are listed right here and if we
are not coming to your city I apologize
there was a few adjustments one of them
was that oh Messiah hey hey hey one
of them was that Atlanta was taken off
of the tour and the reason for that is
because sneaker con is coming to Atlanta
in September so we didn't want to do
July and then again in September so
we're going to just do Atlanta sneaker
con so we took that off of the tour
yeah they want to put their junk in the
trunk new car a new car yet almost 1,000
my own
oh oh new car alert like your do you
think was telling me appreciate it I
told you no you did your time I said
we're gonna do I told you where she
didn't have to go I'm not even joking I
told you I can't even call no sorry very
little mess in the corner they've all
put you in a corner so you got piggy
yeah you can pull over here on this side
okay thank you thank you five stars by a
fight that fast
there's a grocery cart like me in the
middle of the garage on this edition of
make yourself at home
fire kicks who plays on the LACMA
grounds I went from being super
California gloomy to be super California
sexy really good way to learn this is
how you take sneaker pictures hold my
ass I'm ready go very sticky if I had a
boosted board I'd write it down here
look at this like drying walkway dry it
look at this giant wart walkway with
like that rock just right above it
good old rock wrapped it up from laughs
mom it's a really nice place I need to
come here most look more often let's
just say picnics picnic alert all right
guys all right cakes dig a little do 100
who can losers Betty I'm so happy I'm
leaving the phone like the metal what's
up guys yeah coming okay so we just got
the mag park the plug is back for my
armor girl you don't have it at though
for the first time ever I actually have
somebody doing the camera from me yeah
yeah we went to this time instead of the
same story I'm not gonna tell the story
if you want to see the story go to his
channel so we'll make it we'll link it
down below
you know the camerawork is gonna be real
when he busts out this this thing right
here fat one what is this Val
I was wondering like I was watching your
vlog and I was wondering like dude I
somebody like dude like panning out for
you and as I know he has
and how that really no I know I can
tell from those shots but then when it's
actually you that's what I'm like what
the how's he doing that and then I
see it don't let jump shot even working
alright guys we are officially filming
what size of these 6i6 how much these go
for 3300 guys if you want to buy your
baby boy alright guys so we're filming
right now still and you guys want to see
who I'm working with
oh boy anyone wanna move boy it's a
waste mounting fam yeah man so we're
filming right now we are almost done and
yeah man super excited what time is like
10 o'clock so I'm trying to get these
guys out of here ASAP so we can top it
yeah yeah do you have to pick one shoe
in this whole room what would you get I
feel like you're an Adidas type of guy I
mean I look man I just I just fought
with what I wait you don't stand up
like I'll be the Sam with something type
of guy no like you know I'm not a Jordan
do but I have a pair I'm gonna have a
few pairs I got a I got a 30 oh yeah
yeah I do I used to when I was little
see look what I want to be where they go
oh I got these when I was little because
um when I told my these are the first
Jordans that my parents ever actually
bought for me cuz like when I was little
I couldn't afford Jordans and then um
and I was like oh I want the ones that
look like the couch
no mom I just like the couch hey I like
to come up with you at the can you like
oh but the things a little balls
alone my father was Greek is jealousy
you spend it on that Haley yeah I need
to get my Sri fan like y'all at me and
that is a wrap for the skit it will be
up on Sunday guys on the main channel
why we got $10,000 with the easies right
there I have no idea but shout out to
Mickey get out of my store call my bad
deed no but wait we got some what's
happening this weekend this weekend my
Park Hall of Fame and should know that
we cannot ready this Saturday at Meg
Park Hall of Fame on Fairfax yes sir for
49 nor for 49 you guys will find out
more information follow the mag car
encounter two doors over from next to
supreme over from supreme mag park hop
up shop is opening this weekend so make
sure you guys come out cuz I got
something special there thank you
measure thank you for coming out being
in the same thanks for having me bro I
appreciate it I appreciate it man
what his content of was beard I
know you to Burroughs I see it I know we
don't wanna pull like that don't worry
about what I never happened
Hey
so I'm back home guys and first things
first
my cousin Arvind is actually doing the
Avon Walk for breast cancer if anybody
wants to donate for a good cause I will
leave the link in the description box
down below if anybody does feel like
donating and helping out a great cause
definitely um help out anything helps $1
$5 yeah
link is in the description box this is
an Oreo push out the middle
