guys I'm having the worst look this
morning okay so I have the easies in my
car keeps going to this error page I've
literally been going back and forth for
about 30 minutes this is so frustrating
honestly
so today is a super exciting day for me
I am going to my very first Jordan Brand
event tonight I am so excited I got
invited slowly we taking these baby
steps into the game and we are getting
noticed you know why because you guys so
thank you guys man you know why because
the crew the crew is poppin thank you I
love you guys we'll see if it's too
small or big or or whatever we'll see
we'll see how it is but I mean I'm gonna
obviously you know go overboard and the
hardest decision is to figure out what
shoes I'm gonna wear but we'll pick that
later what do you guys think of this
jacket I know it's hella like crazy with
these birds on it but Loki Loki like
goals maybe goals so you guys always get
on me for wearing sweaters in LA guys
it's not always hot here despite what
you think look at this weather
look how gloomy it is so I didn't end up
buying anything it's really raining
right now
I think I need to make myself a little
bit more presentable for this little
event I mean let's clean this up shall
we okay that was a decent job all right
now we got to go we're running a little
bit late there's certain types of shoes
that you wear for certain types of
events and it needs to be a jump man on
my shoe
I haven't wear these yet these are the
ones under yes time I don't know what to
expect tonight
wait wait that was it I park I think I'm
more don't you shit no I did it
wait did I pass my car oh there I am
alright so I just pulled up to the event
let me show you guys this parking
something it's just this alone got me
super super excited
like a pig back I was a shout out to
this guy right here man this guy he
showed me his phone and on his YouTube
app he's basically watched every single
one of my iPod they're all good I
appreciate you man thank you I
appreciate you signing you're the
fucking man my father was
yes I thought the Cossack food cakes my
brother oh geez appearances and talk
about why we are so sick in life yeah I
know dude
my snapchat they look hella hard because
I had to flash on like no machine
everybody is just like hanging out but
it's also like a regular restaurant
because somebody came up to me and
they're like why is everybody wearing
Jordan tear and I was just like
lighting is really bad in here but we
got a nice little goodie bag I'm just
going to show you there's a preview
I think I'm gonna push out now got out
the Jordan Brand very vital me I just
want to leave so I can open up the box
alright let's see what's inside the
bitty bag first things first we got
ourselves a t-shirt first-aid inspired
kit the Michael Jordan flu game sick
being sick emoji 97 with the 38 points
with a little sick emoji again this is
good I guess this is for when I'm you
know sweat socks to go with the shoes
socks socks shoes and last but
definitely not least my favorite item my
own little notebook oh so when I was
driving home I came up with an idea if
you are ever in my apartment and you
need a band-aid or you're not feeling
too good just say you've got the Michael
Jordan
opinion on those you guess what I call
keep it pushing
damn actually beat up a shooter you have
to be a basketball player to where I'm
like if I see you Wow
