so I was about to stop at undefeated
right now to go into the raffle for the
easies but I'm not stopping because this
line is ridiculous look at this
what's going on guys so I just got into
my uber and I am currently going to
Westfield Culver City Mall I'm going to
pick up my extra pair of Easy's that I
won in a raffle
he's got this uber why I'm serious why
come on get on those I won Easy's yeah I
wanna see you why are you always winning
why are you always winning all of a
sudden I he's a so what do they call the
bottom gum I said so I said gumball
bodies in gumball I said gum all cuz
that's know some of them are called
gumball bottoms and then I was like how
many like all of a sudden making you
colorways and
it's called gum bottoms you don't we got
gumball from but you say I'd be chewing
a lot you listen I gotta go later they
gotta go I heard about that actually but
okay so we have all right now like us is
gonna buy a suit
his internship drying and puff the
styling and these fire kick was just
killing time pretty much yeah but rather
something let's see how things look gray
and Indies just came out today I came
out today which was are these oh these
are new ones the cream ones that came
out these are the new ones box returns
what you think
other you can work great with a lot of
things like the box light but then I
have no other one
I didn't buy those at MDS I mean I
already have two pairs I don't need
another one
the name Mars yeah they sell out but
they don't really go for that one
putting poor Jenny can't enough they
were there quit streak so they were
limited but there's no really hype on it
is nice the Alibaba for teens versus the
easy fam those look fishy stop you never
know anything never know the species
where'd you get those from undefeated
right yeah
undefeated where'd you get those ones
you don't all swap each side swap there
so I didn't win any easy raffles
while I didn't bet I barely entered and
yet internet shortcuts as you guys saw
the line was too long but hopefully
tomorrow Nikita's comm fire cakes are
you gonna try yeah it's Friday tomorrow
only bet we have on the impress but we
have is a no they didn't talk calmly
just about it lets you randomly on the
side that's it we just haven't gone on
yet I know people that got off I know
there's have a back door so if anybody
has a back door and wants to backdoor me
a pair of extra Easy's you know
they got all these retro sitting but I'm
surprised they have these right here but
sitting season here these are plain I
haven't even seen these in person see
why did they give the cheap they give
the crappy leather on the body and then
they make the nice leather only up here
they try to be playing playing with
people what's your opinion on those you
keep pushing
damn these up for shooter you have to be
a basketball player to wear I'm like if
I see you out with these on a normal day
with Jean I'll be like no what about
these these these right here what are
these I like this one this will give me
oh yeah for the fakie 47 where the
object here link up this is a knockout
you don't get before anything about the
low tops compared to the high tops Jean
one more of a low top carpet person but
you just look like some like rebalances
running shoes so I Kings trying to
convince me to make a joint game you
like two years
you don't know how to play a lot but I
think it would be funny just like ya
talking and just trying to play
different video games would be funny let
us know what you think yes it was
my channel swag on the level at
youtube.com hi guys so we're about to
take some pictures for the photobooth
you ready two guys in one photo excuse
me y'all taking holidays you know how to
tie a tie right here let me show you how
to tie a tie yes yeah hella quick hey so
we could express it you comes here so
we're getting special time to talk but
here's the wedding they'll be like no no
no hot pipe as you say throw it they
learn from YouTube I've heard of people
saying make yourself at home but in a
department store kick your shoes off
Haji I just think I try to live a
comfortable wherever I go I invite you
to consider lavish living huh let's just
say song alert good night
40 irregular if you guys need fittings
hit up will cost foods Instagram is I
fit guys I heard about that actually to
me let's just say there's not enough
rope from so California steak and fries
hooked it up fat look at all this food
so look they got pizza fries this is
crazy
we couldn't get regular pizza so we got
a pizza fries but check out the other
location of the Saturday okay so I
usually don't do these storytime
segments in my vlogs but a lot of you
guys asked or I asked you if you guys
wanted to see it so I was like you know
what I'm gonna deliver it a few days ago
like last week I asked you guys if you
wanted to know the story on why I
dropped out of college
and a lot of the comments said yes we
would love to know I'm gonna do that I'm
gonna tell you guys what happened and
why I dropped out of college but before
I get into the story get your education
stay in school
I definitely do promote going to school
and getting an education and graduating
and getting that diploma and getting a
great job this is not in any way me
trying to convince you guys not to go to
school or drop out because everybody's
different I honestly wish I did have
what it takes to graduate college I know
deep down inside if I really did really
really really really wanted to I really
could but that's not how this story goes
so let's go ahead and get into it and
again this is not in any way me
promoting you guys to drop out of high
school or college make your parents
proud make the people who love you proud
stay in school get smart and then after
that yeah so I did graduate high school
despite what some of you probably think
I did graduate high school from American
high school in Fremont California class
of 2007 side note I started my youtube
channel in in my senior year of high
school so I started my youtube channel
in 2007 I knew I wanted to take a year
off I didn't want to go back to school
right after the summer so I told my dad
my mom I'm like yo I want to take a year
off and then I'll start going to
Community College so I took a year off
and then I started going to community
college I went to De Anza College in San
Jose or Santa Clara I can't remember
where it is but Santa De Anza College I
hated being in class it just was I just
hated it I was the quiet kid I didn't
say anything to anybody so after one
semester I stopped going there I told my
parents like go out in like that school
it's too far so I told him like I'm
gonna I'm gonna go to Aloni College
which was in Fremont where I used to
live I avoided any of the classes where
I had to do any thinking or any work and
I took broadcasting and and editing
classes so I only took like two
different classes so yeah that was that
and then the next semester came and then
I started taking math and in all the
general education classes again I was in
the class quiet as hell I hated it I
hated going to that school to sum it all
up it wasn't for me the next semester
after that I think I took like two
classes and I dropped one of them and I
was only taking one class and then I
eventually dropped that class I was
working at the time so it wasn't like I
was just a bum at home every day so I
was working and then my dad always after
I stopped going my dad always wanted me
to go back and he always wanted me to
graduate but unfortunately it just
wasn't it wasn't for me and I wish I
could I really wish I could graduate and
make my parents proud there was his jobs
here and there that I was working and I
was doing my YouTube on the side I
always just wish that my YouTube would
explode and that can be my career and I
just prayed and I worked and I worked
and I worked I can remember my first
youtube check was like a hundred bucks
and it took four years to make that and
and I just got so happy I'm like look
look I finally made money off of what
I'm doing like this is gonna pay off and
then as time went on like they just saw
that I was doing more shows you know
getting more opportunities and you know
finally like making this my job yeah
that's pretty much it man that's just
some of all of it school wasn't for me
and like I said before I wish it was but
if for surely unfortunately if it's not
it's not you don't have seen you can't
force it
what I can say is man make your parents
proud whether it's from school or
showing them you're doing something your
love to you know telling them you love
them or whatever it is because they are
the reason why we are here
they're the reason why I wake up every
morning motivated and I keep pushing and
I never give up I still am NOT anything
in this world I still have so much more
to accomplish so we're just getting
started man it's been eight years since
I started this YouTube channel we're
just getting started so I hope you guys
enjoyed this story if you did hit a
thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another video and that's it for
storytime with me I am out of here
my name on it and everything
