I wonder if you guys can guess so you
guys probably already know by the title
and by my snapchat I guess I was too
excited to wait alright so this is the
sneaker shop around picking up the shoes
from I got my name on it and everything
oh yeah just let me know I just right
now try to get this the easies again
through the adidas confirm half and it
did not work every single time that I've
tried to use that adidas confirmed app
it has not worked this time it said you
need internet access to use this app boy
I got LTE there is a few raffles and I'm
going to be entering today and tomorrow
probably not today actually because I'm
going to go home straight into the
review of the 350s 350 to 750 now you
guys are probably wondering why I
decided to pay resale before they came
out and the reason for that is because
it's an investment for me I know this is
pretty much my excuse it's an investment
for me because I'm gonna do the review
that's going to be an investment to have
that that that review up before anybody
else on YouTube I know there's a few out
there but you know I feel like mine is
going to be the best not to be copy
fumbling the best now I'm just kidding
cause like you know what I'm probably
going to end up getting the L this
weekend so I might as well just I'm
gonna end up playing resell so I might
as well just get it before they come out
and if I do somehow someway end up
getting them for retail then I'll have
two pairs and I
Matt we gotta open some things then this
is from Nike Memphis yeah this way I got
my first two pairs from fine line I was
able to get him off thanking mercy and
shout out to the homie fine line
underscore 1721 this box is the box of
the Year Neymar's these are so
underrated hello people hating on these
they're saying you don't like the low
tops breath
these are fireman it's just hope that a
soccer player has a collaboration with a
basketball shoe I don't know what the
hell this is
oh my god finally man I've been waiting
like a month for this hold this el Los
Angeles no more parties in LA for
everybody that did hold an El today from
the adidas reserve whatever app I
apologize man on behalf of adidas it's
wack man the way they handle it they
just keep you keep giving us all LS man
they might as well just ship us the easy
box with a giant L inside of it time to
go to work now so I will check in with
you guys in a minute
I'm doing the review for the 750s and I
need it to be pitch black and like as
you guys can see everywhere in the
freaking house is bright as hell except
the bathroom for the glow-in-the-dark
scene so we use our bathtubs people
alright so let's go ahead and make this
happen now put it out there what if it
falls out the window these new Yeezys
falling out the window drama alert I'm
not gonna click video today not for now
at least I'm honestly super satisfied
with my collection over all right now
and there's not another sticker that I
really want all right ready
i'ma go right now ready set go you can
see the green already you can see the
green I am good with this
freaking starving man back at it again
alright guys time to grub now as you
guys can see quesadilla watching the
finals this is a good meal
alright guys so it's currently 12:40
a.m. I just got off the Google+ with mid
hua ji and Farouk talking about the tour
we are going on tour together in July if
you guys didn't know the official
announcement of the tour with all of the
cities and the dates will be announced
this Sunday so stay tuned for that the
main reason why I turn the vlog camera
on right now before I go to sleep is
because pretty sure a lot of you guys
are wondering how you can get your hands
on these as you guys know there is a
store list that's available and I will
link that down below and most stores are
doing the raffles pretty sure most
stores have already done their raffles I
know that there's one raffle that I'm
going to tomorrow other than that like I
said there is a store list and pretty
much what you have to do is call the
store now a lot of these stores they
won't pick up or they'll give you false
information so your best bet is to
actually go to the store physically and
ask an employee who knows what he's
talking about so that's the in-store
stuff now online there's going to be a
few websites that do get the easies I
think the best bet is adidas comm but
then here's another good thing is that a
lot of websites they do online raffles
and that's the main thing that I was
going to show you guys right now that
I'm about to do so I want everybody to
have Easy's I'm not one of those guys
who picks up the phone and said hello
okay first of all it is it's drawing
somebody made isn't that dope so we're
going to start out we'll go to sneaker
News because sneaker news is like my
favorite sneaker blog where I get like
most of my information
it definitely has been one of my
favorite sites for ever most recent post
is a deep adidas easy Bruce 750 light
gray raffles you can enter now and
basically all the web sites are right
here and you just click them and then
every website will obviously be
different ok so I'm going to enter now
put all my information so that's it so
that's all it took a 1 minute process so
that was one website so I will link the
sneaker news link for all those in
online raffles that's pretty much my
as on how to cock the EZ 750 boost good
luck to everybody I'm out of here
hope you guys did enjoy I'll see you
guys with another video tomorrow I sound
like cou cakes outro
I'm up peace guys
you're fat but you still got it
