taking a visit to the mag park homies
because it's been a quick minute it's
been a minute since you've seen Jamie in
the vlogs huh yeah we're still friends
I never seen these Wow here's not even a
Jordan fan like sneakers hi Pete are you
wearing underwear G yeah underwear to
wear you ready for Vegas you know not
one but the cameras will be following
you for money in the bank so it's his
birthday
money in the bank weekend so that's kind
of like my birthday gift and let me see
those are safe huh hey I didn't even
know these were releasing like locally
did anybody bring in those easy boots no
stores i know i order you orders Wow
yeah I love you why is everything on you
buying those you are look you want to
learn science
so somebody came up to me and sleep
UConn Chicago and we talked to dude down
to selling us the Louie Vuitton Kanye's
for 600 bucks
high five and then you remember we're
like go get it off dedicated and you
never came back so you think they were
fake you think he just found some
warriors might sweet depends on today's
game honestly tomorrow tomorrow's game
tomorrow's game if words are up 3-0 bro
game over but if Cavs can win today then
the it's a whole new series so it just
has Jamie what's all these right here
these are the new body big bodies one Oh
God get your inches off these are all
the girls even got to be rocking it - I
see yeah big appointment one you guys
what they post ladies tell your man to
buy you some of these you know cheapest
shit they're ours is better
you know what what is something that
comes in here a lot and then flies out
is the colleague on the street no way
really you guys even buy those and
you're not gonna borrow we can sign them
and let me share this size 9 trophy
rooms I don't think you'll fit but
where's you're trying I get try
even though these are a size 9 I
definitely want to try them on I think
these are dope as hell and I'm not
really a big fan of the 23 s but this
trophy room these are acquired God these
are even nice barely too small and then
like they're like right it's just
smaller on the side because I'm a fat
foot guy and they fit but they're like
just a little snug on the slide I think
I might be patient patience is key in
this TV game oh yeah
wait how much do these go for you mean
high or not comment below this guy if
these are the problem there are your
size but they just don't fit you well
you're fat but you see ready
Hey Oh drugs shoes me I took them out
it's a lifestyle it's a lifestyle
27 year because I'm only 27 and I'm only
getting better and it came true if you
would have made that child have been
great we make dreams come true hey shut
up - this guy shot me shot the kite I'm
just so nervous right now I'm longer
Ivan I've been looking for kites like
you know that I've been trying to
contact I'm like Waldo Where's Waldo
hey bitch answer this guy if you guys
remember he was on my collection series
he won the crew collection of 2015 you
might have to do an updated ribbon so
you could try to defend your
championship 2016 he's got some built
content I really like you did not you're
don't go don't cry to me dude on your
own it's like my youtube check a moment
check them out beast me check them out
thank you
you gotta give me a shirt
give me a beat and the cute mommy - I
don't know they had statues of you here
Jamie we bout to attempt to fly the
drone inside which we love last time I
did this I crashed
hi guys are we eating very very well
right now
wings buffalo chicken a huge at stake
for making oh my god I'm about to yak
man I ain't way too much food so good
I'm so full I feel like Jamie oh yeah
for the people who are wondering where's
Jamie cuz usually when we're together
you see Jamie with us
let's just say I'm turn the lights on
let's just say it's date night for the
kid
mr. Jamie he's gonna watch us and he's
gonna text me like you dick you dickhead
I know this is gonna be very hard for a
lot of you guys to believe but I ain't
giving away no uses yes yet I'm at the
gym I'm already dying just from these
freakin stairs bad I think cardio is the
most important thing for me I really
want to play basketball right now but
I'm just gonna get on the treadmill but
I know if I go play basketball I'm gonna
be dying on the court so treadmill time
it is alright so he kicked my ass but it
was worth it man I finally did what I've
been saying I'm gonna do forever I know
this is just one day and I got to stick
with it it's almost midnight so i'ma
wrap up the vlog here I'm sorry y'all I
ain't getting no free easy today because
I came to the gym I'd appreciate a
thumbs up if you guys can see you guys
tomorrow hopefully with those new 750s
on below and these shoes are freaking
crazy
3m four days
Oh phone call
