really don't know how to start this off
oh my god what is this we're here we're
in London not LA London
yo that way
a
alright guys so we out here in London it
is freezing cold but we got here earlier
today pretty much just been chillin man
like we got here at afternoon like 12
o'clock and then we left the airport by
like dude o'clock after we got through
customs and everything we did a quick
stop at the sneaker con venue so we're
gonna do a quick flash over there
I gotta figure out where I'm going right
now man your boy lost alright guys so we
are inside a sneaker con right now this
venue is actually way better than last
not last year earlier this year when we
had sneaker con in London and as you
guys can see CREP protect got this crazy
there's the van right here we got the
crazy setup over here like this is
next-level stuff but it's gonna be
absolutely lit right now we need to go
do some shopping because we're in London
you know I'm saying London has some of
the best shopping in the world I feel
like I'm not going to show the camera in
their faces they're on their periods or
enough but my what my booth you got no
line at your booth we're gonna perform
that right we're all here guys since
we're all here and unknown vlogs
obviously from London we might actually
perform no lines here tomorrow so if
you're at sneaker Con you will get
yourself a nice little treat and now
we're out here in Soho you know doing
some shopping doing some sightseeing you
know trying to stay warm we got the
gloves we got the jacket mixing babe
with supreme hypebeast party foul but
it's all good
Mena's over here freezing we already
went to ovo we bought some stuff ovo
stone UK just opened up so we had to go
stop by now we're gonna go to Selfridges
while I walk to Selfridges I'm gonna
take you guys back to yesterday when I
was in America still it's so loud here
so I'm taking you guys back to America
when I was at home trying to buy the
supreme North Face stuff because there
boy cooked so I'm a flash back there
real quick and then we'll be back here
yo it is currently 758 a.m. they're
about to go through the biggest supreme
drop of 2017 the North Face supreme is
dropping hopefully we get through
everyone the parka 30 seconds away I
already got a W this morning on the
Yeezy Beluga 2.0 restock I copped a 9.5
shout out to my boy moco want
let me show you guys how I cook 5 4 3 2
BAM
Oh
come on taking too long here taking too
long here or taking too long here people
come on come on come on damn I think I
don't it's gone it's 100% it's gone so
many people are trying to check out
right now it's in my car
telling you guys save oh no no
just processing
I got it I got it I got it wait I said
he got it and I just took me back to the
checkout did I get it or not it says I
got it but then why did I go back and I
removed it it's gone if it's gone it's
gone let me see what else is on there
that's the next thing
should I add this to my cart or I got
the blanket I'm not I'm not going crazy
to check out with the oh they restock on
these too oh yeah I'll take one of each
oh no okay all right there you go
I know it said I got the other one too
so I just checked out I got the blanket
from the North Face and I got this
supreme mini
magnetic flashlight that they restocked
on it says I got it but then for some
reason it refreshed and it went back to
my car so I just removed it and let that
be and then I went for other items and I
just got the freaking blanket which the
blanket probably doesn't have that much
resale right now but I feel like in the
long run let me save this video in the
long run it might have some some some
resale but I honestly probably will just
keep that hopefully we take a W if we
did I'll let you guys know but I don't
know it says I got it but then it didn't
go through Rome and I'm just gonna send
it for every country that I go to over
the next week I gotta take a sick
Instagram picture but I need to do it
wearing the
even though it's cold I need you to take
a picture
really yeah yeah goalkeeper should we do
it this way baby this way
all right so you just guys just saw me
talking in slow-mo I filmed that whole
thing in slow-mo but you saw the shoes
so you know we picked up so yeah yeah I
forgot to change the settings anyway
we're about to head over to presented by
so I will see you guys at presented by
guys were inside presented by the stores
closed but they opened it up got to see
some gems DJ Khaled's right here I
haven't seen those before all this
chanel Pharrell's going for like 15k how
many pairs are here like six pairs seven
pairs three pairs oh yeah yeah there's
two feet crazy oh yeah you're gonna have
it on display
alright sweet yeah so they're giving me
the khaled so I get to take these home
I'm just kidding so yeah man just a
preview I'll show you guys more of the
store on Sunday when we're here for the
meetup but I just came to pick up the
CREP box and I'll show you guys that
when we get to the hotel cuz we've got
to be out of here so see you guys at the
hotel alright guys so we are back at the
hotel right now and I'm just gonna do a
quick little outro because it's so late
man also shout outs five pillars got the
new five pillars tea on first off i'll
show you guys the water proof shirt
because the packaging on here is crazy
like you got the camel on the bottom and
then the crap Patek dream crew logo open
it up and you see the t-shirt this is
the shirt right here it says all of a
sudden fam in camo and then it says an
exclusive t-shirt between dream crew and
protect and then on the back it has the
huge logo and it usually it says o7 in
the middle but we put protect in the
middle and then you got the camel on the
inside and this shirt is water-resistant
so I'll show you guys that in a second I
want to show you the box set this is the
box set as you guys can see dream Cukor
protect logo hashtag dream crew hatch
put hashtag cut protect you open it up
and it's supposed to play the video but
mine is actually dead it wasn't charged
I didn't get to charge mine ahead of
time they will be charged ahead of time
it's just that this one is like a sample
one that they didn't get to charge in
time and I just
picked it up so basically it comes with
every single CREP protect product
literally from the CREP wipes to the
spray to the pills to the laces to the
solution like everything is in here and
you get an exclusive video so both of
these items are collectors items I'm
just going to put the shirt right here
so you guys can see almost spray some
water on it
BAM and as you guys can see the water
just rolls it just rolls off of the
shirt it doesn't go into the car and it
doesn't do any of that it just rolls off
of it and it keeps the shirt dry it's so
so freakin crazy look at that the water
literally like it don't it doesn't want
to stay on the shirt it does not want to
stay on the shirt it just rolls right
off and it is dry yeah so the shirt and
the box that will be available if you're
in London make sure you cop it because
this is the only chance you're going to
be able to have to cop it in London and
with all that being said I know this
vlog was probably super super short
literally we just got to London today
like we started our day super super late
but tomorrow's vlog will be lit because
we will be at sneaker Con and the next
few vlogs are gonna be crazy because
we're going throughout Europe this is
just date one trip day one country one
of this dream crew road trip that we got
going on but I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you for watching make sure you
guys subscribe again because we're
trying to hit 1 million subscribers by
the end of the year and I see you guys
