thank you so much yeah yeah
shout-out to BMW Beverly Hills for the
oil change Wow
oh my god yeah thanks for the oil change
BMW thanks for the carwash as well
because I definitely needed that but uh
time to go back home any shows I doing
what's going on guys it's finally time
to go eat so your boys walking to my
favorite spot and to walk to one week
I'm on my Chipotle grind the next week
I'm on my which which guy
alright now I'm on my Baja Fresh grind
they honestly have the second best
quesadilla I've ever had in my life the
first best KCT I ever had was in Miami
equipment talk so I noticed while I was
editing and be watching the vlog from
yesterday this new mic I got really
picks up the autofocus from the cameras
you can hit a little though I have to
put it on manually focus I'll do my best
to keep it sharp for you guys and I need
to stabilize it I shall Alex
aka sneak ahead in debate man why you
gotta have two names Jeep I'm gonna call
you sneakerhead Alex from now let's to
get Alex yes stabilizer and this shot is
so smooth on that thing so I texted I
was like y'all fam send me that link up
and he sent it over I might have to go
cop on it in for the next few videos
because people trying to upgrade to the
to the you know we're always trying to
get better over here you know
y'all ready to see how bomb this looks
so fat that quesadilla was five-star
five-star fight stop window alert Oh
guys so I'm back home I haven't even
read the letter yet but wow you see that
it says crew right there love when you
guys send me fan art man I need to open
my peel box already I've been slacking
hard Aiden Harlan shout out to Aidan
Harlan I appreciate it thank you for
your hard work and creating something
amazing like that it's honestly a
blessing to have you part of the crew so
over the past two weeks I've picked up
10 pairs of sneakers you see that little
batch right there and all those boxes
right there those are all the sneakers
that I picked up and the lighting sucks
out here at night I hate it I'm gonna
just like tilt my life
get out YouTube life be like okay so I
turned on the autofocus right now so you
guys are probably gonna hear some
clicking watch listen and then this is
without the autofocus so when I move
closer its blurry so I would have to do
with my hand so right there when I moved
back its blurry so I gotta do with my
hand the only one that I haven't shown
you guys is one of these orange boxes
and then the two Neymar's but I mean
obviously they're Neymar's so the
nintendo vans from that old-school video
game where you shoot the little birds
with that orange gun is that as a dope
concept one more one more okay so since
I already told you what's in this box
look at this packaging this is dope as
hell and then you open it up first of
all shut up to the homie fine line four
supplied me with these dope sneakers
check them out I will link him down
below and the shoes are freaking crazy
3m for days
Oh phone call 1:00 a.m. Ralph's run I
went to the frigerator to get a nice
late night snack and there is no milk
bill these ones have freaking disgusting
amazing this cannot be who you know who
you are somebody suggested I get that
thin Oreos I feel like I'm gonna eat
like three of these at once these are so
fired F did i'ma go with these right
here
how did not lose weight with theis Omar
his water good as I got water I
remembered this earlier today and it was
just like wow I could completely forgot
about that when I was younger when I was
like super younger like like probably
like fifth or sixth grade everything I
did in my life I pretended that I had
cameras on me like I had my own reality
TV show and I had like an audience
watching me and that's crazy to think
that now I actually do have that and
it's just a weird how that worked to me
it sounds unreal it sounds like I'm
making it up it's crazy what it's become
and I just want to say that I'm super
grateful for you guys for helping me as
cliche as it sounds like it's dead-ass
serious but I'm dead-ass serious when I
say you guys are helping me live my
dream so I appreciate you guys and I
thank you guys in every single day I
think what if what if nobody was
watching the way it used to be you know
I've been doing this for eight years and
just now as my boy free Farooq says
we're just now scratching the surface
like what if nobody's watching like what
would I be doing with my life and
honestly there is no alternative this is
a whole nother different discussion
about why I dropped out of college and
things like that I mean if you guys want
to hear that story I don't really do
story time stuff but if you guys
wouldn't hear that story maybe I can
make that into another video so it's up
if you want to see hear that story but
there was nothing else for me like
making videos and entertaining people as
all I ever wanted to do is i'm just
super grateful so thank you guys I
appreciate you guys I'm gonna end the
vlog here I hope
you guys enjoy going along finish
editing and then tomorrow we repeat
today oh I didn't go to the gym by the
way but you already know that so
hopefully tomorrow will be the real
fresh start in my life I'll go to the
gym tomorrow if I don't go to the gym
tomorrow I'll give away a pair of my
easy okay you have my word and I might
as well say shout out to everyone who
picked up the I feel like a high peace
t-shirt do you knock over my bed but you
have that wonderful June is uh I'm going
to
