of course he's the last one to wake up
we're ready in fact our bags Dan let's
just ask if done anything to to get an
extra hour to but I'm editing the cart
you know when I'm back home you know
your boy has to read up on some supplies
for the house back in LA so I'm taking
some some rolls right here this is a
mini box cereal you don't say Goose
Creek exam so I guess the new 750s are
coming out this weekend so we're gonna
be have we're gonna have to do a lot of
research within the next day when I get
back to LA I gotta find it off the store
list and find out how I can get my hands
on a pair I don't have a plug for the
750s for all the people that think I do
I do not so I'm gonna have to try to win
this one the old-fashioned way
all right so we were on the middle of
highway five and we found this place
called Vista Point which I've never been
to I've driven on highway five tons of
times but I've never seen this and I
just saw it last time I was like yo we
got to stop there and just do some shots
and check it out and I mean it's simple
but it's just like you don't really get
to look at highway five and and just I
mean this really it's just a highway
let's go it's hot let's just say open
the window so I've had my car for over a
year almost two years now and I still
forget what side the freakin pump is on
but it's all good keep on pumping
pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping
first things first
which I feel like a high p shirt a lot
of people ask me how come I didn't do
international shipping so I personally
don't shift the shoes shoes what am I
saying
I personally am NOT taking care of any
shipping or or website business or
anything like that I have people for
that in the future there will be
international shipping on certain
products but unfortunately we were not
able to do it for this shirt and second
oh should these dudes are slapping in
here what up dawg people were asking me
if this shirt is gonna be available at
sneaker con los angeles june 25th and
26th and
no it will not be the Sox will be
available and then a brand new exclusive
t-shirt will be available for sneaker
con la like a one that like a special
shirt that's only made for secret call
in Los Angeles so yeah and we don't stop
good morning good night damn that's
decent
all right guys so we're about an hour
away from LA it is super hot man we're
finally getting that la weather it's
beautiful I fell asleep the whole way my
hack is fallen I was texting in the
group chat saying some foul stuff and
everybody thinks oh so much options
options many many options all these I
got these last and these are fire
well Karate Kid give us your master pose
Oh what you cheesing about you reading
the text
oh my god it's hella fun you know
there's the first main one yeah right
there man crazy dream last night people
here were at his house and he locked the
door it said give it to me so we are
officially back in LA and stop 40g what
is this weather bro it's gloomy as hell
it was warmer in the bay that's very
unlike Southern California for the Bay
Area to be warmer than Southern
California but let's just say we're back
home to say let's just say why'd us
taking over the wheel why calling me the
bitch I'm editing back here fire kicks
is laying out farts like they're
freaking free samples at Costco let's
just say so we're coming soon since
we're back here or even I might as well
say shoutout to everyone who picked up
the I feel like a heipiess t-shirt do
you knock over man watch out June is uh
I'm going to money in the bank
Oh in Vegas I forgot I always figure out
what date that is that's the weekend
before sneaker car because then sneaker
con is June 25th and 26 so that's gonna
be turned if you're in LA come through
it's completely free too
so you know it's gonna be poppin mid
July is the start of our tour like I
have cavity been giving you guys updates
on it because everything we haven't
announced the dates yet but the tour
will be a fifteen city tour right tour
dates will be announced probably this
week venues will be released like
week and a half or so wait did we even
see the name of the tour no we have only
a major announcement the tour starts
mid-july it is gonna be myself
the Mahmood brothers and five pillars
pop-up shops in different cities
meet-and-greet / pop-up shops completely
free for everyone you guys can come hang
out with us you don't have to buy
merchandise at all just come chill with
us have a good time we're gonna be doing
charity event throughout the whole tour
different cities we're just gonna be
exploring having a great time and the
official name of the tour is no friends
just family no friends just family tour
coming July 2016 if we are coming to
your city we will see you there
if you don't know what cities we're
coming to then revert back to like 20
flogs ago because that's what we
announced it right
website will be up soon with more
information can you guys guess what
sneaker this is made for the Kobe final
games stop with your called Mamba days
the Mamba days the Kobe mama days so
shouts and how to let's see designs for
this as you guys can see the cut dope
that looks you just see this shoe and
then you see it on the roof of the box
and if you look at it from the top super
dope man that's dope it's not just a
regular case you got that printed design
on this a shout out to look see well you
guys what's it
easy there's no spaces one's easy Zen
