so hey what's up hey how you guys doing
national donut day so here's how to get
married today what's up fam we just saw
here today number-one draft picks
oh you're number one yeah there's nine
of us yeah I'm nine pop top guys nine
nine nine
how do you feel but uh Harris's defense
speaks my manager right here if you have
any questions announcer alright so we
just got here to ash Park wear hair
surprise everybody with these custom
team hairs I don't know if I'm team hair
this is NBA adidas quality right
straight at it as well ah it's dry fit
as well
Oh Nike and Adidas good laugh yeah you
see right here oh god I haven't got the
Z I'm Lizzy the Xbox yeah it's all the
technology in the Jersey it's right here
there is what else is in there sir does
cost technology up in this also oh wow
they do display oh come here
we're playing horse your boy got
eliminated first you're out - yeah I
felt I'm behind Harris and this is
wedding is I travel air travel No
yeah you got to take off your shorts now
as if they weren't off enough anyhow I
was in the final cheer arrival of all
two pounds if you have an oxygen tank
alas he's got his last word oh she's
jumping it he is cramping with it every
mrs. Harris for the way don't you know
there's still hope oh good game fellas
ready or not it was LeBron vicious curry
yeah
that's good yeah Haley just secure then
or what yeah what's going on guys so I
got freshened up and now we were at the
mall I gotta go find that damn suit
jacket already man this is getting
ridiculous
hey guys I'm mugging trying to give my
most press need to buy a belt I need to
buy a shoes I need to buy the jacket I
have the dress shirt I have the pants
the wedding starts in two hours so I'm
going to get yeah I mean we don't got no
time for rest we gonna get Turner
tonight
throw a dress hey is that door made for
slack oh so when I get my dress
shoes I usually try to get cole haan so
I didn't get these because I have to
wear brown dress shoes so sneaker pickup
of the day is a pair of brown Cole Hons
I don't even know what these are called
but these are $200 which is a shout out
for the kicks to the homie who gave me
these if you're watching this I
appreciate you that was so much good
okay you don't have more in the back 44
or this will have to work see what it
looks like with the shoes on you go
you're just just like foolish like that
I like paper at all what are your
thoughts on the Mario fans I like them I
don't like this one
the game was fun I don't think this one
looks the best
I would go for your Loki I'm not going
to get a cooking video up today no G the
wedding we're late to the wedding
already I liked the content on find the
shooter because there's no resale value
these are way too funky for me it's like
the og Nintendo super sexy I think the
Box convinces a lot of people to buy
these shoes yo these look hella small yo
cow no look at them shopping for bait
today
alright guys so it's been like five
years since I bought myself a nice belt
so I'm gonna be cashing out on a nice
belt today $6,000 belt it's not six
thousand dollars which is Fuqua she's up
guys how's it going beside in pairs
ideal man hey what's up guys I'm shouted
to Harris Congrats man yeah yeah there's
the big day all right what's going on
homey how you doing each other man we
done this that and the more I so first
write the malls the first day you got
any say bro nah man Instagram is
important
that's what's up damn with the brown
shoes yeah you're right it doesn't go
doesn't go thank you so much then you
have black and blue vibes yeah Brown
there's like too much boys have to go
with Africa with the brown yeah I was
going to say man this it'll be good it's
gonna be a fun night all the guys
together celebrating the death of her I
mean the marriage of Harris and I'm not
trying to like like show that I buy
expensive things because I don't buy
Louie or Gucci or any of that stuff any
of that stuff a lot like that it's like
once in a blue moon so here it is very
simple Louie Vuitton bill it looks kind
of weird on this angle right now because
of the Y it ends and yes I'm sucking in
my gut it's okay to treat yourself every
once in a while and get yourself
something nice and expensive man and
that's exactly what I wanted to do today
you helped me oh you want me to do it
yes please let's have a good night have
a good night man Oh guys just pulled up
to the wedding what's up fam hi oh I'm
really excited to be here um here's my
child what's what's what's on your lips
Deez Nuts ha that was insulting yourself
you know that right who made the tie you
did master guys we're getting married
it's a prank - prank rittle hi quickly
alert little Bob what are you doing here
what's going what is this Bollywood is
you're lucky cause if you follow me do
you think I want to get they don't think
I'm walking in with a grin with you I
got
Harris is officially married now legally
the calendar I feel like a
huge fan shout out to my boy Harris your
real ones
welcome to the club welcome to the club
smallest handcuff on earth
happen
- for her
before you open your business take risks
sacred what's over a year now
you got a persevere and grind man when
your goes to my garage
my house you gonna love every day so
that no one feel you sound like Will
Smith movie it's so good alright guys so
the wedding is getting a little bit I
ain't got nothing portable memory oh
okay
okay guys so we are about to drop the I
feel like a high beasties in two minutes
right at 12 o'clock I'm just gonna tweet
Grand Cru calm all right guys here goes
a tweet it's going live Oh Sonya
freaking calm and callback yeah oh okay
shirts are officially live let's see how
quick we could sell out undershirt let's
do all right you're alive
if I it I'll you up piece
of ish yo what's up I'm literally
outside I'm right outside yeah it's good
I don't think it's hella funny with who
go to their photos and like you're
looking either yeah and there's like
skip on over you can do the next
sold-out sold-out how long three minutes
we sold out in three minutes two and a
half so like two and a half minutes
let's go
how do you know because I just got food
sold out in two and a half minutes one
whoa damn you guys killed it uh-huh
should we give them more that's the
question now since it sold out it just
sold out in three minutes so I think we
should do free order everybody that did
cop thank you guys I love you guys so
much and I love you longer no way yeah
link in the description to check out the
pomade that I use in my hair alright
guys so it is intermission time right
now everybody's grabbing food
are you close the door yeah we're close
already if you on the other side that
fully spelled out we're okay
who's over here idiot
Hey look good
and imagine like ready all right guys
this blog is completely over thumbs up
for Harris wedding I'll see you guys
tomorrow in I am out of here
