another beautiful day in Los Angeles got
to get some grub in my system so it's
only right that I started my day off
with some
actually anyone Perry's coming after
noon
no what did you ask if I was yeah ma
paparazzi
Justin Bieber is that a block away yeah
Justin Bieber is a block away I got some
pictures of him have them show them here
right until you know I can't show
anybody yeah I can't show them to
anybody so just another day in the life
of a paparazzi we're getting Pinkberry
on our breaks while the celebrities are
walking around town hi so more yeah
watch me on YouTube
oh how about that door all right they
just got to the mall right now I gotta
go get my suit that I couldn't get in
San Francisco I gotta go get it now he
is gonna see me look like a penguin in
this suit eternally can afraid
what are those hell adding 13 alright so
here it is the colors cool I mean I'm
not gonna complain about the color the
color is like cool like you know it's
kind of monitoring I guess about the fit
I don't know man the pins kind of like
use it's like not my style it's like too
loose right here the crotch is like you
know you know saying way too long and
the sleeves are too long the wedding is
tomorrow like the pants are not that bad
I guess I don't know how you guys feel
but people wear like Jordans and
sneakers to weddings do you guys think
it's like cool but on the classy or what
do you guys think I mean I'm not gonna
do it I personally would not do it I
want to know what your guys opinion is
you think it's don't whack what do you
think it's really that bad
oh yeah the shoes okay let's give
occasion
you look so why she was saying that it
looked like that would be wobbly yeah
you're good okay um okay
Blazers it's too long right it's not at
the waist it's longer in the arms the
way she could get away with it and she'd
go like right there yeah I would say
shoot for 42 she said like don't eat for
two days but you'll be okay this looks
like you're wearing like their dads
pleaser that Dan you made all my
confidence go down
alright guys so no go on anything except
the pants worship are not even my size
so I'm gonna be looking like a penguin
all night taking it now for this wedding
growing this year even this isn't all
black yeah it's like a faded back but
it's hella sick yeah dad I could wear
you can wear it trying to turn her puffs
out and get his first pair of ultra
boost
he has never tried them on I was making
the try monsters then they fall in love
oh wait you have easily goose it's more
comfortable than easiest no way yeah
wonderful the news is the boost on the
easiest is covered this is exposed it's
open the biggest upgrade of all time
though
what do you think what's the use of
women no way I talking about the bottom
of the upper yeah the easies open right
it is I think love them the way you hike
them up see you are a high beast
okay
so check this out Waller these way
better this is the new version right
here I feel like a high piece on the
back you know okay I just got some great
news for you guys
I talked to fukrey now I feel like a
high beast t-shirts will be available
online today I'm gonna tweet the link so
make sure you guys follow me on twitter
if you want to cop a shirt
he's back he's back please bad he's bad
are you guys doing my next to hurt
finally I miss these guys man Congrats
man
on what that thing educated fried cakes
G has resale game in Alaska actually the
retail game for right now I've been
treating me pretty well so let's just
hope that keeps on booming I got some I
got some I feel like a high B shirts
coming soon on our fan no reset we're
not refilling those five kicks taking
the wheel yg in the back always taking
naps if you guys didn't know they were
in Alaska for a few days you ruined the
surprise for us everyone's commenting I
wrote guys kind of my skies told us
where you guys were you've been back for
like three days
let's just say subscribe to my channel
I'll give you all the news this guy
why'd you put on this turtleneck and
blazers man this this trip should be fun
tomorrow's Harris's wedding we wanted to
do Tahoe on Saturday since we have
nothing else planned but I don't know if
that's gonna happen because of all these
industry people say there's a lot of
there's a lot of politics going on
all right guys quick stop at the gas
station I gotta eat look how good I am
at packing guys and you know we had to
bring the Joan of all drones fire keeps
driving for a little bit more this guy
right here wait you still here ing
oh there you are you know chubs like
dream on you better not not saying none
what do you think a game what you
satisfied with the results yes I was all
i care is that lebron loses I wanted to
be two and five so I can stop all the
nature's and he's better than Kobe
alright guys we are officially in the
bait area it feels like I was just here
two days ago I was really and this is
the hotel that Harris is staying at
right here and it's currently like 4:00
a.m. but we're just gonna stop by and
say what's up to all the guys for like a
little bit they're going to go on a
Grammy
snapchat story little my god both teams
Oh Britney all the sudden yes nice to
meet you see you Chris oh my god
beautiful sky out here in the bay
it is currently 5 a.m. now time to go
home hit the hay hit the computer edit
call it a night
be back at this hotel at 9:00 a.m. I
guess this ends the vlog
any last words guys see you guys
tomorrow
or J my team I got a reevaluate
reevaluate reevaluate my life right now
