la post office right now they got a pair
of shoes of mine and that's the first
thing I need to do is get my sneakers
looks like they couldn't find it so they
can't find my package and this is what
happened originally so the reason why
the package wasn't delivered to my house
in the first place is because the
company that I bought the shoes from
didn't put my full address and I bought
it from the website concept concepts
international it's a pair of sneakers
that I really wanted I called when they
didn't get delivered and I was like yo
it says on the tracking number online
that the package you guys left a slip
they said they'd have it here for me but
now they're saying they can't find it so
there's this huge camera store that I
never heard about and I'm about to check
it out I'm gonna meet mo beats here this
is a cameraman youtubers heaven if
anyone would like to make videos having
to keep walking these stairs
I'm dying from these stairs man we got a
elevator I know it took so long I sure
god I would crush that like a sub
alright guys so I just bought this mic I
can't get up I just bought this I'm out
to put this on starting right now ok new
mic is officially attached if there's
any problems with audio right now I
apologize this is my first time using it
and hopefully it works all of a sudden
TMZ over here so we better grab some
Chipotle right now now I know this is
not the most healthiest thing to eat but
I mean this is low-key like better than
Pizza I guess right
I'm at the park right now I'm about to
do some sneaker unboxings
it is way too windy so I want to
apologize because it is way too windy
and I want apologize because it is way
too windy so let's let's start this over
you got the boost you got the boost
midsole on this lighting is really bad
let me yeah i'm mentally breaking down
here guys i'm I got a reevaluate
reevaluate
reevaluate my life right now okay so I
just tried to do one of the sneaker
reviews right now it was a complete fail
I mean I think I still made a dope but
it wasn't what I wanted it be man
there's just too much noise going on
right now and wind so I just did one of
them and I'm gonna do the other actual
unboxing inside the house tomorrow so I
think it's time to just fly
alright guys so you gotta check this out
alright so one of the homies one of the
crew loyals tweeted me right now so
Arjen in his senior yearbook he quoted
me and he put all of a sudden fam
shout-out to orient this was very very
entertaining man this is what I didn't
ever think I'd see this but we're in a
freaking yearbook all of a sudden all of
a sudden class is 2016 hold on hold on
okay I just woke up from a nap room is
messy as hell but I'm not gonna clean it
because I'm leaving back to the bay
tomorrow night why did I come oh I think
I broke my Dropbox no we're good
in yesterday's vlog I said I have to
announce a few things and I will
announce that in a minute but first I
want to say I told you guys I wasn't
gonna do any 4-minute vlogs no more
short vlogs and then I uploaded a
seven-minute vlog I think yesterday and
then you guys chewed me up saying all it
was still short it was so short it to me
seven minutes is not short to me seven
minutes is ideal for a vlog I prefer
seven minutes to 12 minutes to keep it
real with you guys just let you guys
know disclaimer a short vlog to me is
five minutes in under an average good
vlog is anywhere from seven minutes to
twelve minutes and a lot of people said
they're unsubscribing because the vlogs
are short I don't know what to say I'm
not gonna say here and be like I'll
leave like no I don't want you to leave
I want you guys to say subscribe
subscribe but I mean I think seven
minutes is good 7 to 10 to 12 minutes is
cool so I'm sorry yeah yeah that's it
that's it and then okay I guess we can
talk about this stuff I got it over here
so basically last night when I got home
I listed all the stuff I need to talk
about well there's one less things I
need to talk about and then things I
need to do things I need to do texts
youtubers I really did that but I can't
talk about that pay rent I did that okay
so basically how I did all my two dues
and these are here are the crew updates
the first one so the first what is the
first one the first one so the first one
the first one is my
announcement that I am going to money in
the bank
in Las Vegas this month it's in like two
and a half weeks I believe I don't know
the exact day
I'm so excited me and Jamie are going to
plug shout out to of course who else the
amazing people over at Sea geek for
sending me money in the bank we got it
okay Wow so since money the bank is
coming up I've got my money in debate
brain retake so sense money the bank is
coming up you know I used to be on my
hunt to be the world heavyweight
champion well now I have my money in the
bank and there is something in here and
on the day of money in the bank I'm
gonna show you guys what is in this
briefcase every couple days I'm gonna
tease you guys with this briefcase but
I'm never gonna show you guys what is
inside until money in the bank in Las
Vegas comment down below what you guys
think is in the Money in the Bank
briefcase they give these sneakers in
here it could be money that's not money
it could be this is just an update that
you guys already know sneaker con la
that is all my announcements for now
today it was just basically a catch-up
day I pretty much caught up on all my
work and emails and I still have emails
and texts I need to send out oh I'm
tired
I got a film monthly pick up so I got a
film crew kicks and I'm gonna get the
suit it's gonna be crazy 24 hours
tomorrow I feel like a high B shirts
will be up this weekend or early next
week oh there's a lot of people saying
oh you're slacking you're not doing good
your channels are going down like I
don't I don't know it just motivates me
I never let the haters get to me but it
just motivates me who's on the phone
though
I guess I got my cooking video for the
day what's good man
