last few hours in San Francisco just
checked out of the hotel I'm gonna do
some shopping hit up Nike hit up the
mall hit up a few stores I have to
actually go buy my suit for Harris's
wedding yo hold on I've been showing
them the process of this alpha' store
every single time I come to San
Francisco and it's open look at how big
this thing is
let's go
so I wanted to get the draymond Green
hyper res it's like a special PE that
they only released here and at set
all-white Jordan set so no Nike pick up
for me today
no Nike pickup for me today but I should
know actually I'm getting the shirt that
dream on shirt so Dre areas finest and
she's back to getting all the sudden
this is the exact Louie that I came with
with my dad and I tried to buy the Kanye
movie baton shoe that my dad said no
because they were too expensive at the
time
ABC News man
they do
you have nine and a half so warehouse of
Hoops right now and they actually do
have the dream on Pease right here but
they only have ten and a half so try
these on and see how I like them but
they're pretty doping and they also have
this black and blue color way over here
this one I like the white in gold has a
lot more I could try these on I guess I
got my cupcakes video for the day what's
good man okay look all of a sudden all
of a sudden found it awesome man all
right guys eyes meeting you
pretty satisfied with my purchases
alright guys so now it is time to hit up
Macy's and get this suit for Harris's
wedding hair sent me the tags of the
suit that I need to get because all his
groomsmen are going to be matching
wearing matching suits take one for the
team even though I told him the first
one he picked that was really ugly we
had to let him know that we we messing
with that pee-wee Herman suit because
obviously this is the first suit he
picked out if I were to wore it I would
look like straight-up mr. bean how would
he look like mr. bean by what a
straight-up look like mr. bean is the
one mm-hmm
midnight blue okay that's a different
blue that's probably this one here yeah
I'll try on a few sizes see which one
fits me I think 42 probably viga 342 yes
again I've already could be Thursday if
you want no I live in at least I'm going
back to LA tonight
okay this suit right here is definitely
a huge upgrade compared to the one he
picked out last time but the only
concern is the fan what is that that
looks like a nose okay so the suit that
I tried on was not even the right one
the guy showed me a completely different
one I paid for it and then I sent a
picture to Harris and he said that's not
the right one so I had to return the
suit they didn't have the right one in
my size so I don't have the suit so I
think I'm just gonna have Harris buy it
for me and then yeah that's the only
other option because I got to leave with
leaving soon so I gotta go back to LA so
I'm in the edge right now
because I haven't filmed crew kicks yet
I haven't posted it obviously because I
haven't filmed it and I'm thinking about
missing the day it would be the second
day that I've missed on crew kicks but I
would upload two videos tomorrow she's
trying to convince me to film it right
now after we leave the store I don't
want to BS it I hate when IBS the crew
kicks videos I rather wait till tomorrow
film a good quality video I'm still
debating if I want to miss it or not but
I just don't like letting you guys down
and and but I also don't like putting
out crappy videos so I already got
enough for posting two four minute
vlogs this week so I don't know I don't
know yet I haven't decided what I'm
gonna do
alright guys so he decided to actually
come film crew kicks and we just got it
done business over pleasure but I just
uploaded crew kicks its processing got
it done he wanted to skip today yeah she
convinced me to just do it she said why
not you're in San Francisco I got the
sneakers you got the camera you got the
computer make it happen it literally
took us 30 minutes to edit and upload so
literally
mother damn it why does going down
always work
why does I don't understand yo I
honestly don't want to buy any more
clothes until I get back in shape
because embarrassing now like I've been
looking at a lot of pictures and videos
and like I haven't been controlling it
man and I'll admit it right now eating
healthy and going to the gym when I get
back to LA and even when I travel I
can't make that as an excuse to not eat
healthy so even when all the boys are
together and they want to grab some
pizza I'm just gonna have to you know
just limit myself to one slice I know a
lot of people were asking where I got my
backpack from this backpack right here
with the spikes I don't know if you guys
can see it this is actually from
sprayground so shout out to Spray
grounds they actually sent me this check
them out I think they still have this
backpack available H&M sucks
time to head back to a lane go back to
work
Loki excited spend the next day in LA
two days in LA I missed the mom would
brothers honestly I need to see them
finally back in LA it's 5:00 a.m. with
all the detours and construction just
extended the drive back a couple hours
sucks but it's time to sleep happy June
first welcome to June but I have a few
announcements but I'm going to save them
for tomorrow's vlog so make sure you
guys tune in for tomorrow's vlog because
I've got like event announcements vlog
announcements
