so we are in San Francisco today this
will not be a four-minute vlog by the
way this will be a long vlog I promise
look who's in town all of a sudden she's
in San Francisco and we're gonna go have
some pizza right now she's letting me
have pizza monitoring monitor monitor
monitoring monitoring monitoring in
yesterday's vlog title I put wrote trip
I put rope no that was on snapchat on
the vlog but I was writing the title I
put rot trip and all the comments are
like rot rot and they put the definition
of rot I was like grows like 2 minutes
you were stay resting yeah yeah it was
literally up for two minutes I was
literally up for two minutes people are
looking at me like I'm crazy like god
damn you haven't seen some money with
the camera before so we're going to Game
seven tonight at Oracle Arena that's why
we are here in San Francisco
so if you guys used to watch our old
vlogs we used to always come to
Blondie's pizza and we came to San
Francisco but it recently got closed
down because they found like rats in
there so unfortunately yet we're not
going to be getting pizza I guess that's
a good thing everything happens for a
reason
yeah
so man I want your video but I'm the QB
yeah thank you bro
I shower a different shirt I like that
shirt the century trade of the year
wait I have my not too witty well not
really
they shout out to these guys that's it
that's what I was gonna say watch out
Alex yeah Alex and Daniel literally just
like putting back the dame lizards and
then this guy's like Mike he's like oh
the case child to my boy Andy job dude
Jackie Yao child to Michael Lee and
shout to Gary
lieutenant Gary so I was kind of
tripping out because I was
I need to put in two tickets to the game
we're in the city my dear I was going
for tickets yeah luckily Messrs CQ
you don't need to print the ticket
literally just sand it from your phone
there's a shelf out there in the ocean
that when the current hits it it blows
up the water deep cold water and hits
the warm air makes it ball
some time ago cases
I take it day by day so hard to make
decisions when you try to do a poem you
always like vicious so easy to forget
set me away I mean I'm just doing my
best no stress in the day I know this
life is just a test but I'm trying to
get eggs I was never a good student but
I can't forget the day I want to turn
yeah I actually want these why did got
here Drake know Kanye intrigued in aware
I want these so bad to look like frogs
these are my Crocs these are $400 11th
grade mama you were so happy when I
brought you in so cute we know that I
can maintain and my dad always do I come
around some way all right guys so we are
in Nice Kicks if you didn't know by now
this is yeah freshen up dude
let's go hold on I gotta get you this
shot right here little children's this
is honestly the best sneaker store in
San Francisco like straight up they got
the NBA slide nice takes if you're
watching this I need those I need those
shoes good the setup and everything yeah
like two levels and like even that look
they have dope-ass retros here to like
stuff that came out like oh I look you
want these like these they got I haven't
even seen these in person these are
pretty dope yo they look you have a lot
of dope fives and these are all
retail guys just not be so any of those
I got rid of mine I want another pair
right now you're not going to let me pay
400 for this because you didn't even let
me pay 300 for my last pair remember
david letterman's yes it looks like
those freaking tan Air Force one bitch
at a 10 yes the same thing
let's say we never say it then but I'm
holding out all pictures of pupils
somehow inspire me now maybe something
in my blood oh I see me enjoy were you
going through the same that I'm
going through planes but all right guys
just pulled up to Oracle Arena we're a
little late warrior yes sir
as a fan of basketball this is a game
that's gonna be very very dope the dirty
yellow carpet all right guys we're
inside now about to go to our seats is
rody late we're going to grab some food
go to our seeds enjoy the rest of the
game and have a good ass time I got to
climb out right now and it's still Hell
allowed in here it's ridiculous so the
Warriors are down for right now for mid
the second quarter we missed the first
quarter but it's all good
everybody's sitting down now but Russell
Westbrook got a NY y'all all of a sudden
about to take a selfie with this guy
right
but then they take the
come in order now
seven and everyone standing up
Oh
Wow
but I still love Kobe
alright guys so after the game now there
was a long like on your personal line to
buy the Hat the line those hats but it's
not even the real final cats after
wearing on board but whatever people
going crazy from there trying to do
sella but they don't know that there's
going to be no restock out I don't
really want one all of a sudden go to
the ship
Reese all games strong where's Fleur
kicks fire kick sincere even about like
a hundred of these alright guys this is
the line to buy the hats look at this
and this is just one of the stores
there's like 30 stores in this damn
arena great game huh
the KD will be curse is still alive
fam alright guys so there's a turnip
outside right now so I'm going to go
outside it let's see this function going
on right now
what's up thanks tico man nice to meet
you bro
hey you too brother
you're fast crazy but cookie Oracle was
lit man shout out to everybody that's
gonna come in bandwagon man I was born
in the bay
it always has a place in my heart but
I'm always a COPI fan it goes Coby over
everything favorite team Golden State
Warriors second favorite player Paul
George Hicks hurry
no Curry's like top five for me top on
top I'm gonna admit this because to me
it's know a lot of people are gonna
disagree in the comments respect to Kobe
you know obviously he's not the best in
the world right now at one time he was
LeBron James was the best in the world
at his time in his time like a year ago
or two years ago but the best player in
the world right now is Steph Curry now I
know a lot of people are gonna hate on
that but comment down below why you
think LeBron is the best player in the
world
LeBron is right behind Curry but I feel
like curry just no he's not right behind
like okay you're just you're a huge
LeBron hater so does GHP
she thinks he's selfish and I'm always
telling her like no he gets a lot of ass
okay
alright guys so I just grabbed some food
at Cheesecake Factory wanted to end the
night with the stomach full before I go
rest and call it a night last night in
the city and then I'm headed back to LA
tomorrow and I'm actually coming back to
the bay in a few days actually cuz uh
it's a huge day Harris is getting
married then
yeah man had a great time at the
Warriors game great atmosphere finals
are looking dope as hell rematch Cavs
versus a Warriors I might have to pull a
mission and go to a Finals game in
Cleveland but we'll see what happens man
it just depends on what game it goes to
if it goes to game six if it ends up
going to a game six then I will
definitely try to go to that game you
guys know the drill man si gig is like
the number one place to buy tickets
because they bring all these other
websites and they put them together for
you guys so you can figure out which
ticket is the best and you're getting a
grade for it
get $20 off your next purchase the code
is kites I don't know it's really cold
and foggy I don't know if you guys could
tell but it's San Francisco man what do
you expect it's so beautiful I love you
here man this is home feels good to be
home about to get run over by this taxi
hopefully this vlog goes more than 10
minutes for you guys
see you tomorrow
