we just hit 300,000 subscribers on this
channel like an hour ago you guys being
so excited about it got me excited about
it even though my main goal right now is
that million subscribers
just every single step of the way there
is getting you more and more excited
because you guys so I contacted my good
friends over at Sea geek and I said yo
what are the chances that I can go to
game 7 tomorrow night
they said to me
$47 to fill this bad boy up
San Francisco now after that long long
very long extra long drive I am finally
back home in the Bay Area yes tomorrow I
will be going to the Golden State
Warriors vs. the Oklahoma City Thunder
Game seven shout out to see you again
for making it happen man if you guys
want it down below $20 off any purchase
like you'd go to any concert in sporting
event $20 off use my code Qi AS I wanted
to treat this trip to the bay a little
bit different rather than like the usual
go back home I wanted to do something
different so I actually got a hotel in
the city so my hotel is actually in
Union Square so I'm so excited because I
can literally come downstairs any time
of the day and come outside to this so
tomorrow I'm going to be doing some
shopping for sure going to some sneaker
stores I'm wearing a t-shirt right now
but it's cold as there's a homeless guy
yelling at a worker right now
good old San Francisco natives you know
use crosswalks around here huh no
crosswalks hotel kind of like low-key
creeps me up like look at the stairs
this is like the type of stairs stairs
that you see in like haunted mansion
movies and
