hey guys what's up I'm gonna admit that
it's been kind of boring in LA the past
week a lot of people don't even get to
leave where they're born and raised they
don't even get to explore the world so
that's one of my main goals when it
comes to these vlogs is everywhere I uh
everywhere I travel just to let to
really catch the vibe of that city like
for instance the Chicago vlog after I
was done editing it I was so satisfied
because I the cuts and like you just got
the different types of vibes from the
street performers to the scenery to the
to the shopping like it was dope man
that's something I need to bring daily
from the LA vibe because this is where I
live so I have to show my vibe just a
little little warm up for this vlog you
know what I'm saying a little rant if
you may but big games wrong
alright guys so we are about an hour
outside of Los Angeles in Corona
California with this one where this like
shopping center that it's called what is
it called
those la goes and I'm the one that
figured it out that it means too late ok
because there's two legs literally right
here in the shopping center and we're in
like some bamboo like this is like wood
and if you guys didn't notice I'm using
my old vlog camera because this one's
embarrassed for when I carry I carry the
biggest camera if she gets embarrassed
okay so this is the first leg which is
like level with with us so it's like
right here and then that's the second
late so obviously this is a man-made but
it's still all of a sudden driving back
to LA now listening to the Warriors game
getting closer and closer to LA like
it's so gloomy in LA look at this and
out to me like you were so nice and hot
in corona and over here is just like
blooming
I just found out that my cousins are in
town so I'm gonna visit them and spend
the rest of the day with them Warriors
games going on it's really intense right
now hopefully they end up winning oh I
thought that was somebody following me
but it's my pocket watch the game so
just hit midnight right now
I was with my cousin's all night long
since the game's talking having a good
time driving home now Warriors won
forcing in Game seven
I really want to go to Game seven which
is in the Bay Area warriors verse OKC
sounds tempting
I'm not gonna stay here and act like a
diehard fan because like I've over the
past few years I've become less of a
Warriors fan but at the end of the day
it's always gonna be my hometown and I
always want to see my hometown you know
winning you know what I'm saying so I
know there's gonna be a lot of bandwagon
comments but at the end of the day I
don't give a what people say so
alright I'm back home now got a package
but I don't even know what this is
honestly oh it's in a garbage bag cool
so you remember the other day when I
told you I was buying some vintage
wrestling t-shirts online this one is
dope because this is when nwl came to
the WWF for the first time
Triple H Stephanie McMahon Chris Jericho
because they faced each other the rock
and wo stone-cold
RVD Undertaker Booker T and Kurt Angle
WWF attitude era was fish now it comes
with the garbage bags with the packaging
I've been opening up a lot of boxes and
packages for you guys I love this iPad
by the way
