alright guys so this isn't a vlog this
isn't gonna be a long upload but I
literally just got to London sneaker con
is tomorrow out here in London and when
I got off the plane I saw a whole bunch
of BS man and it's just so funny to me
that I just wanted to make a quick video
addressing it cuz I'm gonna I'm gonna
address it on Instagram too but I want
to address it here just so you guys know
that we don't take Elle's man
we don't take Elle's you know I'm saying
every once in a while we might take an L
but we always take that Ln we turn it
into a W so anyway you know I get off
the plane and I go on Instagram and I
just see everybody tagging me literally
everyone like I think I got over 200
tags within an hour or two hour time
period of people just tagging me on this
post and this post was saying that my
off-white Jordan saying that my
off-white Presto's my bad I'll fight
press those saying that my off-white
press those that I got from mag Park
were fake because the because there was
too much space on on the net or whatever
it's called
cage net whatever it's called and I'm
just like brah like are you serious like
so multiple accounts like made these
comparisons and one thing they didn't
mention is that the press though that I
was holding was not laced up it was not
laced up and then the picture they were
comparing it to was laced up and the
picture that they posted comparing it
was from an Instagram account which is
fake education if you guys don't know
about fake education is basically an IG
account and that account basically you
know they just post like comparisons to
help people you know spot fake so that
they don't get scams really great
account so they basically used the
picture from fake
Katia's profile and they added their own
red circle may I tell you guys that and
that red circle basically was trying to
point out that there was too much space
right there and the funny thing is on
the original post from fake education
that's not even what they were trying to
point out when they posted that what
they were showing was the tongue and you
know I already knew that they're not
fake mag Park doesn't mess with fakes
they don't sell fakes they don't try to
scam people like you got to understand
with this when you have a sneaker store
you know selling fakes is gonna ruin is
gonna make you go out of business why
would they sell fakes you know I'm
saying they're not gonna sell fakes and
you know I'm saying I rep Mac Park hard
you guys already know that shit you know
Mickey you know he runs Mac Park he owns
Mac Park like guys Oh like why why do
people jump to conclusions why do people
just want to expose people so bad
so you know I'm saying I'm pretty
connected in the sneaker game I know a
few people just a few people so I
actually hit up the homie fake education
and I sent him a picture and he already
knew what the deal was he already said
you know these kids are goofballs you
know I'm saying like they took things
out of context and like they just like
like talking out of their butt and he
confirmed my pair is 100% legit I sent
him a picture and he said right off the
bat 100% legit so you boy did not get
exposed unfortunately maybe another day
maybe one day will happen but today is
not that day so I'm sorry to the people
who are so happy to see me take an L but
unfortunately I'm gonna have to you know
ship you that L right back so let me
know just insert your address down below
and we can I can you know I can
overnight it to you or whatever you want
to do but today is not gonna be the day
that I take it out maybe one day but not
today
but you know I'm saying I don't do fakes
out I don't do fakes you know I'm saying
and for all the people I already know
how it goes you know I'm saying I proved
you wrong so now you're gonna bring up
something from the past you probably are
gonna talk about how I said that the
Jordan one top threes were accomplished
on exclusive well I'm one step ahead of
you because you're just gonna keep
trying to bring up stuff to make me
salty but you can't do that man I'm out
here in beautiful London across the
world you know living my dream and
people are gonna just try to bring you
down guys don't listen to the hate don't
let people bring you down and just keep
the positive vibes up you know I'm
saying there's nothing wrong with
exposing people who have fakes either
like if I did have a legit fake then yes
you got me but that's not the case you
just jump to conclusions and you had no
valid points and you look like an idiot
so delete your account or delete the
post or just leave it up there and make
yourself look stupid so that's it I'm
probably not even gonna edit this video
I'm just gonna upload it the way it is
and I'll be back tomorrow with a lit
vlog from here in London and if you
don't know crap protect dream crew box
that is dropping at London sneaker con
and then the crept protect dream crew
water-resistant shirt is dropping this
Sunday I did I'm stuttering at shop
presented by so I'm not even sure if I'm
gonna leave this video up I might I
might leave one of those captions all
the title work says I'm deleting this
video in one hour or something like that
but I'll probably leave this video for
like a day or two so see how it does but
uh everybody have a great day don't let
nobody give you an L take your own l's
and take two L's and turn them into a W
that's what we do out here drew cool all
Sun yeah
