so you're probably wondering why the
vlog is starting while it's very dark
outside and here's the deal I was in
home all day in home I was in home I was
at home I left wants to go eat Baja
Fresh
it was absolutely amazing shout out to
the quesadillas they make some fresh ass
quesadillas it is almost midnight
and I'm walking to the Grove I'm going
to watch x-men the new x-men I'm so
freaking excited and you're probably
wondering like who am i watching it with
well guys it's okay to go to the movies
alone cuz everyone's gone literally
everyone is gone so I'm like you know
what I wanna watch this movie I'm gonna
watch it alone yeah
hello Nike hello over the dosha
shout out to the crew shout out to
watching where shuttle - man this is a
man is nice to meet you and I still got
anything to say amen my first time first
time so the movie just ended
honestly it was ten times better than I
expected
it was amazing I haven't seen a movie
this good since the first Avengers as
far as superheroes there's so many
Easter eggs there's so many like you
gotta know the different characters and
what their powers are and who they
become and if you're thinking about
washing it I don't want to stay here and
try to convince you to watch it all I'm
gonna say is you should watch it
you look distracted what's been on your
mind
you're finally graduated you are in your
garage it's a dedication but you were
working 9:00 to 5:00 got the NBA play in
no time you're so driven that just can't
stop your destination isn't all you got
you got a lot of stress don't need
friends but you never cook cut loose
ends
I'm not trying to preach and I can't
pretend cuz I'm guilty of the same I
remember when you started you would tell
me things we never change what a tangled
web of lies we weave now you'll be
adjusting priorities 3:21 am one of them
I can't open cuz it's gonna be on crude
cakes but you know how that should go I
got this on eBay a lot like three venti
WWE WWF t-shirts and this is one that I
had to have because this is from my
favorite WrestleMania The Rock vs. Stone
Cold Steve Austin WrestleMania 17 this
thing is so small wow this is not going
to fit me damn it you know when you see
something all the time and then when you
finally need it you don't know what the
hell you do with it
got it I love doing top ten first of all
and I do them on my cupcakes channel I
thinking about doing random top tens in
the vlogs like top 10 movies favorite
youtubers let me know what you guys
think obviously would be incorporated in
the vlogs like in the middle of the
vlogs
it wouldn't be its own separate video
wow these are big I think wow so this
company that makes glass cases for
sneakers reached out to me they were
actually I got connected with them
through Kenny a K perfect pair so Thank
You Kenny for the connections I want to
give a huge shout-out to look see
designs for these boxes there are custom
boxes for my sneakers I will link them
in the description box down below oh so
they reached out they said they want to
make me custom boxes I shop them my logo
and then I told them I wanted to do
something special on there to
commemorate each channel since I do on
one side we got the dream crew logo and
then on the other side a hundred K to go
with the Haunted case leakers
ha oh my god that's so freaky do you
guys see that like magnets
we're showing it to you guys like this
when really it's from the inside view so
you see the hunter K right here and then
from the inside you see the logo not
backwards damn table master you knew you
had to leave everything behind
so you just packed your bags and told me
I'll be fine but you didn't know what
was really on my mind go do your thing
it was cool we had our time I like the
way you work dick let's just take a
moment to appreciate this mess that I
made alright so a few things I know you
guys are gonna flame me for wearing this
shirt but literally um all of a sudden
hello yeah yeah you guys got 20,000
thumbs up which is a new record and but
you guys did not get 30,000 thumbs up
that means we will not be making
cupcakes for the tour feel like there
was something else I had to tell you
guys but I can't remember this vlog was
literally all nighttime I want to
apologize like I didn't do anything in
the daytime I got some oh that's what it
was thank you to everybody who did send
me a picture of their collection that
wants to be featured on crew collection
there was over 400 emails and I'm trying
to get back to most of them yeah that's
it yeah this one was really bad I want
to apologize guys like it was really bad
but go watch x-men it's 4:08 a.m. all
right here
would you wear these them
it looks like the Power Rangers sneaker
535 dollars
