Oh mother
damnit
which off the chips with whipped cream
with bananas
strawberry and magic exchange a heart
attack and diabetes and a heart attack
which way to go out to the public
yeah right that's the last that's the
last you should be very quick little
meeting with the guys as they got
breakfast now it's time for me to go and
drive a little bit I hope everybody's
having a great day it is a beautiful day
in LA even though it's kind of gloomy
besides the ticket I got I cannot
complain life is beautiful so let's
enjoy it man
target okay yeah we have time for target
I guess so we are at target now and I'm
getting an iPad cover because I need
this for my iPad life
got a cop we were had target and I was
trying to use the gift card set I got at
sneaker con and all of them worked
except one of them it wasn't working so
we called they said it was never
registered so somebody told me it was
never purchased oh yeah so basically we
got trolled hard so somebody told me but
it's all good you know I never asked for
gifts I never asked for things like this
so appreciate the gesture but uh yeah it
was just a Target gift card but nothing
on it
but it's all good shoutout tape but yes
they gave me one I don't ask for Target
gift cards or anything like that so is
that your disclaimer that is because I
don't want people to be like oh you're
being greedy and and you're trying to
get you use your fans like not never
asked anybody for it you guys just
people give it to me and I'm grateful
for it so even if it has no value thank
you okay thank god I'm back to this
camera I feel so much more comfortable
so right now it's 6:37 and like always I
have not uploaded kucik's yet so I
haven't even edited yet so instead of
driving and getting stuck in traffic
right now I'm gonna edit and upload from
my car using Starbucks Wi-Fi so yes I am
parked right side outside of Starbucks
and the reason why I don't go inside is
because I don't want to buy anything so
I don't wanna be that guy that comes to
Starbucks and uses the free internet
without buying anything
so yeah I'm able to connect and this is
gonna be my next hour the worst thing
just happened to me I fell asleep for
freaking 45 minutes and now it's almost
8 o'clock so it is 8 o'clock it's 8 away
actually traffic is now officially gonna
be died down by the time I hit the road
but we got the vlog uploading finally 10
more minutes
so for the people who are subscribed to
my sneaker channel crew cakes you know
that every single Monday I upload a crew
collection crew collection is when you
guys showcase your sneaker collection on
my channel the reason why I started crew
collection is because I wanted you guys
the people who support me be able to
have a platform to showcase your sneaker
collection and help push either your
YouTube channel or your Instagram
following whatever it may be I wanted to
build a platform for you guys to have a
day of the week on crew case the series
has been going strong since the
beginning of the channel we haven't
missed the Monday but it's come to the
point where I have run out of episodes
yep so pretty much next week if I don't
get another crew collection in then the
series is gonna be over I want to say
that I know a few people did submit
their collections and they did not get
posted and the reasons for that were
either bad audio music playing in the
background you didn't send me the whole
collection the video cut off halfway
through you had fakes in your collection
and I didn't want to make you look bad
or you recorded on like in 1955 Polaroid
flip phone camera or something but
anyway submitting your collection to
crew kicks is super super easy so here
are a few steps on how you can submit
your sneaker collection to be featured
on crew collection step 1 take your
sneakers and put them in a nice formally
fashioned wait a minute buddy make sure
you take the sneakers out of the box
like this so that I can see your
collection no selfies buddy you got to
take a picture of the shoes will see
your face later on though nice hair
sticking up by the way step 2
email a picture of your sneaker
collection to crew collection at
gmail.com it's very simple you don't
need to write anything else just email
the picture and that's it good job buddy
you look fantastic
step 3 wait all you have to do is wait
and then you'll get an email that email
will be instructions on what you need to
do to film your crew collection as far
as requirements what not to do what to
do and how to execute so there you guys
have it it's easy to get on crew
collection if you're too shy or feel
like your sneaker collection isn't good
enough for crew cakes just remember that
it's not about how big your collection
is it's not about what's in your
collection it's about finding out who
the sneaker head behind the collection
is and why every single sneaker in your
collection is there the best episodes
come from the people who take their time
tell stories about certain sneakers that
mean the most to them and most
importantly show who they are and show
their personalities so don't be afraid
to be on crew kicks submit you guys's
collections I will try to get back to
you as soon as possible
and I am hello
oh wrong channel ah the cleanup
process is definitely the last part that
I look forward to in making videos there
was something that I'm really excited to
talk to you guys about but I can't
really tell you guys all the details but
basically what I want to leave it at is
I don't like to hide things up until
they are a hundred percent official
because I feel like if you end up having
to well I've learned the hard way that
if you end up hyping up something that
doesn't happen you just end up looking
like a liar which is I mean it's common
sense you know what I'm saying one of
the huge things that's happened
in the end of July is the tour that I've
been telling you guys about and the
reason why we haven't given you an
update on the tour is because we're
still working on a few things before we
can officially announce the exact dates
as well as the venue's but I can't
promise you guys that that information
will be up in the next week or so but
besides that there's other things that
I'm super super excited about and all
I'm gonna say is that la sneaker con
will be on June 25th and 26 it is the
only two days sneaker con event and I'm
not gonna tell you guys what's gonna be
happening but it's gonna be sick and
then the sneaker con after that is gonna
be the Atlanta sneaker con and that is
gonna be on September 17th I've got
something in the works which has
potential to be huge for sneaker con
Atlanta and I'm not gonna tell you guys
anything else because like I said I
don't want to hype it up until it's a
hundred percent confirmed but I will
strongly suggest that you keep the dates
open September 17 2016 for the Atlanta
sneaker con even if you're not from
Atlanta if you are willing to fly to
Atlanta for that sneaker con I can
promise you that you will not be mad I
wouldn't book your tickets right away or
anything like that so wait till I
officially announce it first but just
know big things are coming and that's it
you know swaggy did he texted me
something and he gave me a 100 earlier
I'm gonna give that I'm gonna share that
100 with you guys so he said let me tell
you something G be the best you you know
people want to have what you have
don't let negative overcome the positive
and that was a 100 with swagger Diddy
and he's not even in the vlog today this
crazy nut shoes book the 5,000
I can once go to that much
