okay good place Oh check how you
pronounce that either
well they had his shoes there too how
much his shoes going for
wait wait hold wait man this crazy nut
shoes go up to 5,000 on what
I can ones go for that much the leader
Jesus what's going on everybody so we
just got to the Chicago O'Hare in
Airport I was called I think that's what
it's called I'm like half asleep so my
hair's all over the place but that's an
everyday thing there's like a strike
with TSA or something like that but I
wasn't honestly it was like a 15 minutes
to get past airport security which
wasn't bad at all we got a decent amount
of sleep last night what do you think
two hours was a decent decent for me
Chicago again I got to thank you guys
for showing so much love guys look at
the line for McDonald's Oh where
McDonald's liners on and TSA line I
waited 20 minutes for the wrong order I
asked for a McGriddle and they gave me a
biscuit with meat and I asked for no
meat so back to the McDonald's line
Danko quick-fix shot out the McDonald's
for the quick service
oh all right
until next time Chicago I want to thank
everybody again for showing love
beautiful city it was great to be here
again and we'll see you soon
oh my god it stinks over here what's
going on guys so as you guys can tell
I'm back in beautiful Los Angeles so
this is what happened so I got home
around 12:00 12:30 and for some reason
when I was sleeping on the airplane I
got a headache I don't know how I got a
headache so I just came home and I
knocked out so I've just been sleeping
but then a few of you guys actually hit
me up and you're like yo were in line at
the Kanye pop-up shop which I completely
forgot about because it was a two-day
thing and I completely thought I missed
out but you guys are like yo we're in
line you want anything I got you for
retail and I was like bless you guys
thank freakin God man some crew people
some crew members looking out for me so
I got three different people who are
hooking me up with crew merch
I mean crew merchandise why am I saying
crew merchandise with Kanye merchandise
one of them is somebody you know that's
the thing one of them's the homie and
all I can say is I heard about that
actually so let me tell you guys the
story I'm a little paranoid for some
reason
I heard about that actually I'm very
good right actually what happened to
your fate I was hoping you had the fit
on the gray line
all right I'm walking up to meet up with
the homie yeah she's like going on bro
already got the Pablo merch oh yeah how
was it you went in there today right I
went in there yesterday and today a good
project are really at least you got it
hi Dan you got the denim shirt - yeah
they're vintage right so they don't have
like true sizes since I'm rolling the
80s and 90s so that was the biggest size
I can add okay that's I think it's a boy
I don't know 640 something I can't
it's actually an extra-large oh good
your friends yeah
I feel like Pablo had yeah a shout out
to this guy gametic you want to plug
anything like your Instagram or my
Twitter humor Mookie s um er mu K H ey
any of em any problem which is going to
be on there yeah anything he has left
bro he spent like $2,000 a yesterday and
he flipped it also hustling man
alright brother nice to meet you thank
you again appreciate you enjoy the song
enjoy the merge yeah man we can yeah
yeah that dude right there is the first
person to have the official crew sock so
I gave it to him because he looked out
for me cells like you know I'm gonna
look out for you okay so this is what I
have so far we got the real friend shirt
back this how many and then this one is
also mine this one says Los Angeles and
I cross and then on the back it says and
we still hood-famous this one's a large
so I gotta lose some weight
this one is out mid and it says I feel
like Pablo and on the back this one says
Los Angeles and then this is why jeez
this one says I feel like Pablo and then
Jamie's home he actually has another
shirt for me too so I'm just trying to
stack up as much as I can man all of a
sudden a shout out this guy what's up
huh
what up am I meant to be poor at oh yeah
at the Kobe game the last game ok ok how
long did you guys wait we have an hour
11 hours they waited 11 hours guys was
it worth it
yeah worth it once you get sunburned
yeah I'm burning Sun on my face
kilometer but yeah yeah anything for
Kanye merge right
be back alright so I literally rushed to
go pick up through ku has been out of
America for two months he was in Dubai
London Dubai London Canada just that our
car drive with Farouk we talked about so
much stuff if you guys didn't know
Farouk owns and created the brand five
pillars which is those hats that have
the Arabic writing as well as all the
other clothing that they make but the
hats is mainly what I rock because I
love hats exciting the next merge that
we want to do and debating everything
and I know everybody's wondering right
now one of the I feel like a high B sir
it's going to come out and the website
should be up within the next week or so
I think primarily I want to make sure
all the merch that comes out for myself
is going to be at events and things like
that and that's just personally because
I want every piece to be exclusive to
certain events and I want it to be
special for you for everyone you know
what I'm saying like oh I got that shirt
at this event and it was only available
at that event the reason why I want to
make that I feel like a high peace
available to everyone it's just because
everyone's been requesting it and
there's always going to be that one
shirt that everyone can have so this is
the I feel like a high B shirt it's
still going to be limited like we're
only releasing like a hundred of them I
think in a couple in a week or so if the
demand is high we
might make more I don't know yet I
really don't know yet so I'm not gonna
promise you guys anything but stay tuned
I'll definitely keep you guys updated on
that but fuctions art what's up fam got
the camera you know what is this LGB
pranks
I was just walking G wrong no way yeah
yeah something I wasn't a part of for a
minute see seconds you let's just say
back at it again
