alright guys so we are gonna start the
vlog off right here we are an hour and
30 minutes late to sneaker con because I
had to line up my beard you know get the
face right you know what I'm saying from
what I hear there is a huge line with
over like 200 people which is freakin
insane so Jamie's you know getting this
money right
right now Jamie ready fam he's trying to
make some sneaker deals Jason over here
what's up G it's good guys these guys
right here are smart they skip the line
and they came through the lobby so save
yourself yo what's up
all of a sudden Columbia's okay so the
best part about this sneaker con is that
our hotel is attached to the convention
it's all from the same Renaissance right
yeah so um yeah so literally we're just
walking there we're not the driver they
go Bert
Oh
Hey
alright guys these are the first people
that got in line and shout out to my boy
disorder two shots my boy man doesn't
wear his shoes outside so he gave me a
Target gift card - I love you bro yeah
what's up man shut up the fire cakes
Marquis would have his pants on right
now so you know we all here in Chicago
so check this out the homie gave me
these custom slides easy print and
everything so don't shout out to this
guy for the food they're coming to down
of summer 16 man appreciate you sir
Thank You Man all of a sudden fall a
sudden BAM
all of a sudden fan
all of a sudden fan all of a sudden BAM
fam how's business booming booming
alright guys so wait hold on my dude
fine line underscore 1721 actually I
just met him for the first time shout
out to my boy online check him out I'm a
link up down below but he brought me
these personally these aren't kids sizes
but they fit me I love hey so this homie
right here was good
okay was good he just gave me a pair of
dunks right here check it out
all of a sudden fan Thank You Man
appreciate you bro no problem man this
is the nicest thing anybody has ever
done for me
he brought me flowers thank you fam and
they brought us something else and we're
scared to open it but we're gonna open
it later so you guys won't say anything
yeah hi everyone hi mom
hey man this guy's here from Germany say
what's up yo I just want to say hi to my
best friends who shall Mon with Marcos
teamwork kya my famous Rita I'm onna no
shy the man is a Frankfurt
I've been watching and finally made it
Thank You Man appreciate ya I got you
Fahmy mg3 TV on youtube check me out
yesterday when we were eating pizza
somebody we were leaving and some guys
like hey how was your pizza and I was
like good and it was him but I say no it
was a shout-out to
okay
I know I wanted to come but all of a
sudden Alaska
all of a sudden they show him the filter
snapchat filter no sir
guys look what he brought me cookies and
milk Oreo specifically a thank you
yeah you know from all the way to
sculpture as far as you can
it seems like there's a lot of gambling
when it comes to being in the vlogs man
hey swagger Didier here but we got a
little homie that's going to give a 100
if you're not subscribed then we're at
the first grab you some medicine because
you must be sick
oh my god Johnson walk you so long sighs
movin up but my first grade 13 years
ease through this high piece right here
ha ha ha yo this guy pulled up with some
straight fire shown that good
alright guys these guys waited in line
twice so it's only right that they come
in the bog what I meant shoutout to
Kai's follow me on instagram that's my
best friend right here
on this score is GG underscore 50 mfw
dong all right so home he came up to me
and he asked me to just do whatever to a
shoe so Jamie did one I did one 101 I
know you're gonna fire on taking my idea
but how's the person one is doing other
person want to do it you're the first
one that you know right now the better
value just rolls on them they probably
probably out a million so a million on
ebay I don't knock searcher anyone one
of your choice
what drew well put them on Instagram so
yeah 1 million
go hide 1 million with no box this guy
gave me a Target gift card man thank you
bro the most excited I've been forever
oh my god are you sure yeah just like
holy
although hold on
please don't get this tattooed I
probably know and keep smacking the face
this remark an issue after this one yeah
ready I'm not gonna hit you hard ready
sir no would you my snap to black ovios
white ovals lump eyes best channel on
YouTube for sure appreciate you he drove
five hours from here we met a sneaker
con Cleveland I was back again so we are
about 30 minutes until I take an over
man 30 minutes until sneaker continent
so we're trying to get everybody else
how much is left in the line is there a
long there's what is this alright guys
so sneaker con is all wrapped up it was
insane it was amazing it was great thank
you for everybody who came and waited in
line showed love I want to apologize to
you guys because I know that there was a
lot of shoutouts and you guys always
flame the people who do shout shout
shout outs but man I gotta show love to
the crew they want to be on camera and
put them on camera I didn't get to
browse around so you guys didn't really
get to see anything but guess what
never-before-seen behind-the-scenes of
sneaker con right here so anyway when we
get back to the room I got a ton of
stuff to show you that we got man y'all
showed me love yo and let me show you
guys this you want to see how much love
they showed me five Target Gift Cards
y'all
but yeah man so so much fun man Thank
You Chicago appreciate everybody in
Chicago for showing love you guys are
amazing and now you're probably asking
what's the next sneaker con well I got
bras in Alana so Atlanta will be there
and LA is a two-day sneaker Connie
already know the whole crew by to be
there but anyway this is the last
movement
if I didn't just get these I probably
would have bought these right now
no I can't double up on ultra boost
shooting a show over there the Rihanna
slides there's nothing it's completely
empty here alright guys it looks like I
am walking away with no sneaker
purchases but I did get some free
sneakers so shout out to the people that
gave me free sneakers alright guys so we
are finally back at our hotel very very
very very fun today you guys gave me a
ton of stuff look at all this stuff that
you guys gave me man
Nike dunks the custom sushi logo so
shout out to the artists my Diouf online
took care of me custom EVP change with
the whole you box turtle dove so we got
a turtle dove pirate bag keychain - type
in midas easy
keychain on google to all the people
that gave me Target gift cards
thank you this is amazing I don't know
how much these are honestly if it was a
dollar I would still be grateful like
thank you so much Oreo cookies thank you
with the milk which I'm pretty sure I
can't drink anymore
dance socks right here socks with my
face on it it is all of a sudden at the
top crap actually gave me this special
limited edition gold pack right here and
we are the first people to get it so
thank you crap for that thumbs up if you
think crap should give me my own product
prep wipes that's what I want to do crew
crap wives the homie Kamil Ali he gave
us custom slides mind says crew cakes
for that dj khaled a plug get the
pleasure made you right oh great another
easy keychain but this is the non 3d
version gave me some soul protectors so
check them out I'm going to be applying
on soon Captain Crunch gave us some
cereal
we love snacks youth let's just say a
whole bunch of homies gave me some hats
so I got a few hats are here Chicago
Bulls 50 Seattle Seahawks this is yours
Los Angeles Laker shot that late gang
Chicago Bulls denim hat I've been had
those sneaky con again kind of like a
comic book I'm honestly could never wear
these but he's like yo I don't know what
you can do with them but here so he gave
me these infrared sixes but the problem
is
all of a sudden I got to send these to
retro sneakers layeth getting into it
honestly do not ask for any gifts so
when you guys do bring something I'm
very grateful and it feels I just makes
me feel blessed I got to figure out how
I take all this stuff in my my luggage
but uh I'm gonna find a way man imma
open this up honest you don't know I
tried to feel it out this is the softest
material I've ever felt before
what the hell is this toy kitchen green
curry paste is there inside joke easy
and the $50 from pen neck is the lesson
since it's been long fam what are
probably the most randomest thing but
thank you so much I really don't know
what the hell I'm gonna do with this
yo they wrap that freaking uh curry in
some titty gorge or whatever these are
fam like and not make a Kentucky blue on
his own
Oh
