don't go back goodbye now touchdown in
Chicago shot City so the first thing I
want to say is that the freaking dude
next to me was a freaking zombie he did
not sleep he was moving his feet like
this drop through jeans you
so we just got to the hotel guys we're
gonna see if we could check in hopefully
alright guys so we officially did not
check in they want to let us check in
but luckily this man saves our buzz
shout out to the homie Jason thank you
yes and now we're leaving so basically
we have not rested except a little nap
on the plane and now we're going to film
at the sneaker store because we're
filming the first-ever episode of taking
someone from the crew shopping we not
exactly I don't know exactly what the
show's going to be called we'll probably
come up with it on the way there but uh
yeah we got a crew member from out here
in Chicago who's gonna meet us at the
shop we're gonna take him to buy some
shoes and there's some plot twists and
things going on but it's gonna be fun
man
alright guys so it is currently 11 a.m.
I mean 10 a.m. and you guys are probably
wondering what the hell were filming
this early we're filming the first
episode wait did I already say this
Chicago is the first city that we pick
and yeah I did say this are we gonna
delete this footage all of a sudden oh
wow
yeah are you wait you're here so I was a
filter okay so we're here at this pizza
place what is it called again
gelatos yo Donald's everybody tweeted us
to come here so we're gonna come here
I'm super excited to get some pizza
house this season
Wow yeah you don't see this in
California okay so the sauce is on top
cheese is in the middle my first time
having it I can't you can't pick this up
yeah I'm gonna keep it real with you
guys I've had New York Pizza I've had
San Francisco Los Angeles I've had pizza
in Europe this by far was top three best
pizzas I've ever had it was amazing me
and Jamie are obviously delirious
because we barely have any sleep you
know we got to come to Nike town man
where's Jamie
yeah oh there is we're going inside the
Nike store guards no no no top I see
okay we just want we already film videos
out here too so keep the elephant print
escalator Wow
I know people go crazy for this right
here
really badly reformed it's hard at
twelve is freakin sexy where's the one
the one
everything that's crazy so Nike was a
complete fail didn't get anything but we
were going to try to find the Jordan
store now
very light
I need one size bigger
okay guys Under Armour was a fail we're
over - right now I get broad than I let
it
alright guys we are about to go to the
Jordan store right now yeah
from Chicago for Chicago
oh wow this is crazy oh hi oh yeah
that's all I was gonna go to see you're
currently just really this is the last
one you have been $400 though man I
asked him how much the body is shattered
backboards off his feet on frito man
tree so yeah I'm gonna try mom yeah yeah
size 10 size 10 so I'm a trial in the
Chicago me yeah what's up there oh I
watch your videos all the time so no I
don't good are you ready man I get both
idea to meet you Magnolia Park yeah he's
the plug
good thank you mister what's up man I
don't know let's say confit bro and not
lucky thinking about it but then I'm
like tomorrow I'm trying to cash out too
but hard decisions alright guys so we
just left the store I didn't end up
buying anything I try to find the bean
now because you know we got to take that
Instagram basic Instagram picture of the
bean and then I don't know this guy's
this guy's failing bro oh your battery
is getting low oh yeah every 10 sec no
in your life every 10 seconds you're
like what are we doing next I meet you
that means you're getting tired Sam is
this a target fam it's not target target
we asked somebody was like push like
cool starting city right I just
literally watched your snapchat and I
was like two blocks at my house like
haha
we ask somebody was the best place to go
and firstly you share with me I was like
so what some dope stores that we can go
to and he's like Macy's to the homie
that said that thank you oh you can walk
under it that's so dope alright guys
well here it is
whoa
that's trippy as hell
you guys see though
I decided to bring these since I'm not
from here yeah or somehow to do some
photos ever Wow oh you got we got this
in the vlog already okay so you
custom-made these yeah yep Wow
yeah what's your Instagram tell people
you instagrams Garrett underscore moon
72 run we Walker customs and I'm
starting a YouTube channel here soon are
we doing a giveaway with kryptek and ice
so make sure you check that out
you guys are waiting here for how long
and now as you guys know I'm gonna come
brother bro we just saw you on the bus
right now appreciate you guys man a lot
my championship belt next stop on our
Chicago scavenger hunt make sure you
guys remember no guns please no it's not
here with you thinking vacation gee
where's this guy
you
we're gonna go all the way up there now
you guys scared a little bit really now
all right guys so we are getting VIP
treatment skipping lines thanks to her
the boyfriends as you guys saw earlier
we were literally just walking randomly
and we bumped into her and she invited
us because she works you work here right
she works here but don't come harass her
here she can't get you guys up to the
top only us because we're cool
alright that was dope as hell but now
it's time to leave it's time to go back
to the hotel and rest up man it has been
a great day in Chicago this guy his
girlfriend yes this is this is a real
plug guy he's not the real plug low key
you guys look like you could be brothers
it was like my sister's word from her
cheap cook me however top five top you
by the way look at this line we're
skipping to go down
we'll just wait for the next I'm causing
Heller attention to myself
look at that line we're skipping all
right guys so we finally stepped out of
the room after getting some rest
our hotel is okey cracking like there's
a ton of stuff going on Frankie Jersey
one I'm just tired Stan what's
up y'all what's that a fan shout out to
Robbie I'm sorry your whole crew to want
to come Harris must move appreciate you
guys up to work all right Thank You Man
Buffalo Wild Wings let's just say long
night ahead
what's up I was just telling all of a
sudden time alright guys so this is it
day one of Chicago is officially wrapped
up long day tomorrow sneakerhead Chicago
is going sneakerhead Chicago sneaker con
Chicago is going to be crazy I'm super
excited wait a minute why is there a TV
in our mirror like BAM listen uh Chicago
I love you I love the city I can't wait
to see was it turnout tomorrow that's it
we're gonna end it on that note
I know Matt I'm here to do this sneaker
trade right now it's a sneaker trade of
the century you sure you want to do this
I think you win okay this is what I'm
trading okay time to be bargains I'll
certainly be nines heipiess that's
Michael Jordan
