Oh
hope everybody's having a great day hope
everybody's having a great week man it
is Thursday it is beautiful it is
low-key gloomy outside but as long as
it's not raining that's all I care about
so for me the place I'm going to is a
huge deal because I'm visiting the head
office of a brand in which I've loved
I'm a huge fan of their products I love
their movement I think they are killing
the game and I got invited to come visit
the head office so I just have a great
day
later tonight we have a flight to
Chicago oh I still haven't told you
where I'm going right
alright guys so I am at the Stan's
head office over here getting a tour of
the whole facility and it is just
amazing there's crazy projects being
made here socks that you guys have never
seen before socks that we can't even
show you guys and pass socks like it's
crazy madness you don't appreciate you
wouldn't appreciate a socket so you come
here and you check everything out so
this is actually the basketball court
that they got here so people just come
here and they just play and it's just
oak there's like a half pipe and like a
gym and like a kitchen and everything
it's crazy so super dope to check out
man alright guys so I just left I'm
pulling up to a Starbucks so I can start
editing today's cool cakes and post it
before I have lunch I just want to give
a huge shout out to stands for inviting
me I got to show you guys all the socks
they gave me because they gave me a ton
they gave me these ones which are like
running socks everybody's gonna make fun
of me because they're gonna say I don't
run but these are dope as hell
some dope ankle socks another pair of
elf ankle socks for more running socks
big socks I mean the freaking just daun
socks which are like 50 bucks they got
one of these I have these but they give
you another one of these this one right
here which is supposed to go with the
flu games you get it and then they also
make underwear if you didn't know so we
got some underwear here very dope camera
on pink socks and I know there's a lot
of hype on these so I got these ones too
depreciated sands thank you so much for
keeping my feet warm for the next few
days because I'm aware all of these back
to back to back
Starbucks bathrooms be like our guy so
I'm about to do this sneaker trade right
now it's a sneaker trade of the century
you sure you want to do this I think you
win okay this is what I'm trading okay
five seven that's base size I'm so
excited
cream I finally got it all right so I
literally just got home from a long long
drive
it is currently 948 we are leaving to
the airport at 11:30 so I bout have
about about app I have an hour and a
half to pack shower get ready Jamie's
coming over and then we head to the
airport and then we leave to shot down
but anyway I came home and guess what
guys my favorite thing in the world I
had a package waiting first of all I
posted on my vlog asking if I should
uncage my all-white ultra boost as you
guys can see I decided to do it if you
haven't watched that video on my sneaker
channel crew kicks then you can go ahead
and watch it but before I even posted
the video of myself uncaging these a
company called lace labs saw my vlog
asking if I should uncage these and they
said hey if you decide to do it how
about we send you some laces so I was
like and I'm pretty sure this is more
than one lace because this box is big
this bad boys been going to work this
week whoa Wiki Wow yeah that's
definitely more than one lace I pull up
it yeah so big that they gotta hit me
with both sides
Big Pimpin hi Williams yeah just like
the old times I think I said that wrong
but anyway foot I think this is the main
one I'm supposed to put on the shoes the
black version this looks like it'll go
with the pirate blacks we got some
leather joints top five top five top
five white rope laces easy Aglets oh my
god hell yeah white leather laces blue
leather laces gold laces shiny red laces
Red October red laces black black pink
yellow
volt Tiffany shoutout to David got cakes
Tiffany Tuesday's shout-out to David I
love you white and gold black and gold
Thank You Leigh slabs way more than I
needed but I will definitely share them
with the rest of the crew thank you the
all-white 350s that are coming out
basically look like this except
obviously it's a different bottom and
it's different but this looks very
similar to that like it's all white
nothing else like I basically have the
Yeezy 350 s before anybody else
alright guys so we just made it to LAX
about to go check into our flights we
have about an hour until our flight
takes off oh look who's here rapper by
the way to read it
alright guys so we are on the way to
Chicago it is currently 12 a.m. we have
a red-eye flight flight leaves at 1:30
I'm actually excited about the late
night flight I'm actually excited to
sleep
fire kicks ain't coming with us today so
that means we getting the good flight so
we got American Airlines going there and
then we have Virgin America coming back
so excited about that excited yeah we
Livengood know so I'm wearing something
that your privacy on feet
so I guess down below it's a Jordan one
it's old-school
I promise I old so I don't even know
what it is you wouldn't tell me what it
is so I don't think no one's ever going
to expect me wear that what year did it
come out its you ever get ever to you
that's really so shot to this much it
came out the same year 50 cents here at
Richard I tried I won't care I know what
it is I know what it is so comment down
below guys did it come out in it like
didn't come three different colorways
came out yeah yeah I'm so smart there's
the shoe of the high school years rose
now I gotta guess what color way it is
I'm so smart stick and see I'm not just
in the game right now I've been in the
game all the set in cyber monday house
too
it's like super PAC which sucks but
whatever sinned together so I got the
human pillow right here thank you thank
you they don't think we want a gram
they don't think I'm gonna grand
guys the sample pairs but here is the
real deal ready for this official new
crew
