okay so this one right here I have to
open on crew kick so whoa I don't want
to show you guys this one first now I
did show you guys a preview of these I
showed you guys the sample pairs but
here is the real deal you ready for this
official new crew saw straight from the
factory look at it seven hundred and
fifty each so that's the one that's mine
this is the easy inspired one right here
and then you bought the plug ones down
there that I'm going to open up right
now so now I know everybody is still
hyped about the shirt and if you pay
attention to my Instagram I told you
guys that we are working on making more
shirts that I feel like a high B shirts
that I feel like a high B shares will be
coming out online they will be online
only at the end of this month so stay
tuned we're gonna work on getting them
out to you guys so uh yeah and for all
the people who have been bidding on them
on eBay there's been tons of listings
and people are buying them because they
want them now like thank you it makes me
feel amazing that people actually want
to buy that my shirts for that much but
for everybody else who's going to be
patient about a week two weeks they will
be up online on a new website that we
are starting so stay tuned oh
jamee family got something for you okay
one last package that I want to open for
you gut it is not that windy for my
blinds to be making that much noise all
right so the last package I'm actually
gonna open up for you guys
this is from street wares official a
dope-ass website that has dope things
they have all types of things I will
have a link down below to their website
if you want to purchase any of this
stuff or check them out
I bought a simple black extended tee the
long gated tee can't have enough black
tees in the in the life in the
collection Air Mag pin I got this I'm
actually going to give this to Harris I
thought it would be pretty cool for him
to put on his Air Mag backpack area so I
got you this if you ever come to LA all
of a sudden and then I also bought a few
of these sneaker keychains since I don't
have the what the LeBrons anymore I said
you know what maybe I'll just buy
keychain we got some supreme Haines
socks yes they got supreme on their
Supremes hanging socks oh these are
going with me on my trip to Chicago and
then last but not least we got this
baseball dad cap whatever Jumpman
Jumpman Jumpman that this is not a
Jordan hat by the way this is like
another brand this is from when he
jumped from the free-throw line
is he wearing the three so you can see
we shoe is rain yeah man shout out the
street wear official check them out in
the description box down below I had to
park on the street last night and I
swear I have the worst memory because I
forgot to move my car this morning so I
hope I don't have a ticket gloomy
outside freaking yesterday it was like
sunny and hot and is ridiculous but guys
okay I know yes
have you got a problem we can handle
this yeah why are you driving so fast so
I know in yesterday's video my ultra
boost looked dirty as hell but I did
clean him last night wide again huh
shout-out to my sponsor
moment of truth right now
yes there's no ticket on there oh yeah
dude now it's time to go get some
Chipotle
today
that burrito was honestly not a great
decision I always make bad decisions
when it comes to eating in LA but anyway
man I want to tell you guys something
that's I've been crossing my mind is
excuses I hate when people make excuses
I've been guilty I am guilty of making
excuses but I try not to as much as
possible because the reason I don't like
making excuses excuses only lead to more
problems that require you to make more
excuses
okay so a quick stop at the Grove again
because I had to get something but I
can't tell you guys what I got because
you won't be able to see what I got for
another like month or so so just know I
got something
damnit
 still doesn't work
what's up shout out to my boy Frankie I
love you guys his blogs Thank You Man
appreciate you so I'm going way more
extra than I needed to go and I'm
getting an iPad so that I can have a
better view for my drone besides using
my phone when I'm controlling it so I'm
not gonna regret it it's a good
investment
I love the drone shots I hope you guys
like the drone shots so we'll see so
excited to go home and unbox everything
right now
first thing we're gonna open up is the
iPad so remember we presume is wait for
it
beautiful beautiful oh look at that
matte cover how nice was solecism see
that accessibility that gold is sexy it
has life called this the crew pad got my
own iPad I'm so excited I should have
bought a stand for it I don't know why
would I couldn't find Instagram for the
iPad I don't know those weird
maybe there's no Instagram for the
upload anyway so excited for this man
thing about this one it comes with the
case which is so dope I always wanted
one of these I just got done filming
some crew kicks videos and like I just
want to apologize that this vlog being
really surely didn't do anything outside
of my house the past two days like I've
literally been home doing a whole bunch
of computer stuff this weekend is gonna
be crazy man going to Chicago super
excited to meet a lot of you guys in
Chicago like I'm out of here I'll see
you guys tomorrow
yep man good night Wow I didn't know
this is gonna hurt
Oh
