really frustrating first half of the day
but I'm finally leaving the house going
to get some food so let's turn that all
around positive energy positive vibes
let's get it why is it been frustrating
this morning because I woke up late I
didn't even go to sleep late that's the
thing is I wasted so many hours sleeping
and I hate doing that because I while
I'm sleeping I could be working to my
hairs all over the place and I want to
go back home just so I can get a haircut
after this I gotta go to Best Buy and
buy some things
I hate when those things don't work man
should I buy a new drone today going
downwards of course I did not buy the
drone but I bought some memory cards
that I needed the reason why I didn't
buy the drone today my hair is like
annoying out of me next stop is
Target somebody at sneaker con some kid
came up to me and he's like yo I got you
this and he gave me a Target gift card
and I was like yo what what are you
serious and he's like yeah man I got you
this Target gift card I was like dude
thank you like this is one of the best
things anybody's ever given me and I
didn't catch his name
I'm really sorry dude it was so hectic
that like I was forgetting to like ask I
should have asked his name that's like
super rude on my part I apologize yeah
man thank you if you're watching this
thank you for the Target gift card I'm
going to use it right now and then
everybody else was commenting saying I
was ignoring a kid while I was talking
to Kenny you guys sold out of socks sold
out of socks pull out of socks
and I want to say that I did not hear
him at all he kept saying all of a
sudden and all of a sudden I was like
talking to Kenny I'm so sorry guys it
was just that day was so hectic that if
I accidentally ignore you I just want to
apologize right now because it was it
was so freaking hectic quick stop at the
video store I show you guys what I
bought when I go things are not looking
too great for the Bay Area team here but
still 30 seconds so travel mystery girl
gave it to me and said use it so I'm
using it something that really made me
happy at sneaker con was somebody came
up to me and they asked me if my shower
was still clogging up and in my head I
was just like wow somebody actually
cared about that like I put that in the
vlog expecting no one to give a damn
like I'm not as I was editing and I was
like am I really gonna put this freakin
part of my day in the vlog and I did it
see if anybody was interested he was
really concerned like hey did it work I
was like yeah man it did thank you I
love you guys man you guys are great I
need you guys help
okay because sometimes you guys help me
make decisions and then sometimes I just
do them on my own but this is one where
I really need your help
I've got the all white ultra boost the
2.0 's and I'm on the edge if I want to
uncage them uncage them means take this
adidas stripe thing off and have them
without that so basically a lot of
people have customized their adidas like
that there was a kid who did it at
sneaker con and I really like the way he
did it with his lacing system I would
probably keep my lacing system the same
but I kind of just wanted uncaged ultra
boost and I think this colorway would be
dope to do it I am NOT a customizer it's
kind of a little project that I want to
work on so let me know what you guys
think you guys think I should just rock
him like this and keep them like this or
do you think I should
cut the cage off and experiment a little
let me know let me know what you guys
think you didn't tell me this was gonna
hurt I'm so sick of seeing myself in
this shirt already I cannot wait for
tomorrow's vlog so I'm wearing something
different I got this sports cap the dad
cap whatever you want to call it
baseball cap it is a khaki color with
the ovo branding on there kind of like a
de-stress type of logo and they're
pretty cool with the leather strap I
think it looks pretty good I'm trying
not to wear a lot of hats if you guys
have noticed that recently but I like
this one this one's going to Chicago
with me this weekend and then I got this
shirt that I really really wanted like
I'm a huge camo fan I don't know if you
guys notice this but I have a lot of
like camo jackets so I had to get this
one this is it's very hard to see but
the owl is right there and I think I
think I'm gonna wear this to sneaker con
I think white would look dope with black
jeans or maybe the black would look dome
what about one of each I think I'm gonna
end the vlog here so thank you guys for
watching again thank you guys for
joining me for another day in my life
duh duh-duh
