you know it's only right that we got to
go here before we leave
I guess so we decided to come to my
family restaurant it's Jamie's first
time so I had to bring the kid
like something next to him I have
backwards you've been bragging about
versions or met
burners in before this is crazy okay so
last night we were just hanging out
chilling somebody treated me and they
treated me an eBay item somebody puts
that I feel like a hypebeast shirt on
eBay people are actually bidding on it
there's like 12 bids it's at 182 dollars
be be alert to the scene yeah somebody
has that as a buy it now there's two
listings humbling beginnings even though
we've been in the game for eight years
you gotta eat the rice with the kabobs
you very crucial in this game
it's been nine minutes eight or nine
minutes and this is played
to your graves free ticket cribs
somebody got a new crib so let's go
check it out thank you thank you all the
sons growing up it's a prank oh that's
okay as your neck still hurts
better than the last two days were still
stiff all sudden big problems you know
how they say I left my heart in San
Francisco
I left my drone intense good Oh
who made this this has been cat food
Mexico right now in two weeks with a big
deer Pam oh my god yeah 19 days new
countdown 19 days and so we never see
Harris again you know right there now
it's time to hit the road back to LA
time to go back to work on the daily
grind back home back to work well every
day's a day of work for me no matter
where I'm at
let's just say let's just say bachelor
alright guys it's about
forty-five minutes into our drive I'm
kind of tired I've been driving all
weekend pretty much so I'm gonna have
one of these guys finally drive finally
this is Joy's shade these guys finally
okay fire kicks can't drive because he
can't look I'm taking it over the gas so
good teamwork G let's just say I can't
move I can look straight jb ain't
driving to do super busy mixing back
here with this Vicky's like it up put
the headphones oh he's like this in
the back
alright guys so they got me in the back
seat views right now shoutout to the
views still not the best Drake album but
I still like it so I'll rip the shirt
well there's like six good songs on that
one six turn it upside down there's nine
good songs alright guys we are about an
hour and thirty minutes away from LA and
I convinced the guys to stop because
this is the best stop on highway 5 if
you didn't know highway 5 takes you all
the way from the Bay Area to Los Angeles
Southern California there's a freaking
Nike on this road but the reason why we
stopped is to get some yogurt yogurt
lands earlier we stopped and I was
getting my wallet out and it wasn't
there so these guys prank me and they
made me think I left my wallet at
Harris's house so I was so pissed
because I thought I would have to drive
back in an hour and a half to go get my
wallet and then these guys took it and
they pranked me so if you want to watch
that it's on their channel so yeah go
watch
birthday cupcake for sure
this cupcake one is not not good very
simple very small time to get back in
the road and then I don't know what
could not happen so we're a few minutes
away from dropping off I've met in yg
how did you guys's road trip it was
getting brilliant like me like me it was
great but let's just say we have mobile
talks or motivational talks on the way
back so that's good power moves coming
soon and let's just say I'm not gonna
put anybody on blast but somebody just
farts all right well I guess that's it
for this trip do you want to thank every
single one of you guys who came out to
sneaker Con and showed mad love we
honestly as a cool we made so much noise
this is crazy that this came up because
I remember when I first moved to LA I
was walking out of this gate right here
and I said I want to start getting
invited to these sneaker events a couple
not even a couple months later it's
happening we're making noise in the
sneaker game we're making noise on
YouTube I don't want it to stop I wanted
to keep going I wanted to get bigger and
better and better and I'm gonna tell you
guys this right now because I'm so
motivated and I am so excited for what's
to come with the crew with you guys with
myself with everyone you know I have
other priorities like you know being
able to take care of my parents you know
getting my dream car getting a house for
myself like besides all that stuff one
of my biggest goals as a sneakerhead
and as a youtuber just I guess it is
part of life but one of my biggest goals
is I want my own sneaker maybe not my
own model but like my own collab with
another brand or if the opportunity does
come if I am blessed to be able to make
my own sneaker I want to do that that
would be a dream come true to have my
design on a sneaker or have my brand on
a sneaker or if it ever does happen have
my very own sneaker and I guess we can
let the countdown begin
now because in a few days this Saturday
to be exact
May 21st myself and the plug will be
going to sneaker Con in Chicago and we
will be at the CREP protect booth I'm
home
no more talking time to go unpack rest
up and back to the grind tomorrow
