always ready
I'm actually got one no way they fit big
- no that's really good
do you want to know how much I paid for
mine 1.5 what I gotta use though from
the home yeah this is still a good price
though what about these you like these
these are fatter
no these are nice I like these what are
they have 18 K bar take these back take
it right now
17,000 are they those are the M&M
Carhartt Jordan alright guys so we are
at mag park to start off the vlog today
because we have to bring more vlogs to
get some height be stuff I don't know if
he's gonna pick anything up but we're
checking it out to see what they got I
need to be packing for London cuz I
leave to London tomorrow I feel like
this is such a high priest thing to get
it is you can drive your car with it
that would be nice you want a part-time
job percentage maybe up so I really
really really really really really want
these but they don't have my size and
you know what I think I'm actually just
gonna try a size 11 cuz they don't make
half sizes and those let me try an 11 in
the Presto because they don't make half
sizes right so let me just see how it
fits
go I don't know why I find it so they
just got the biggest soda yeah they do
they have a pretty but I think those are
install right I know it's gonna be
tighter if I get a smaller size but my
toes right there gotta get my thumb now
guys
besides the lovin a little bit big
very very clutch last minute Heidi's
purchase before leaving to London had to
do it y'all had to do it damn comes to
LA and turns into a hype being stay
hating what they broke though I'm
getting these flags right here the
Orange County flag and the Burbank flag
these are lit these are available in the
store right not yet not yet oh you got
you solve a little preview so preview
alright guys first alright guys so we
leave in Mack Park right now
got my Presto's I need to go home and
start packing but I also have a very
very very very very very very very very
very very important unboxing for you
guys you already know the drill we're
gonna hit the intro in five four three
two one
what's in the box
yo oh we got an unboxing for you guys
now this is a big one and this is an
important one like I just said so I'm
not even gonna talk much I'm just gonna
open this bad boy up I'm all bruh
Oh ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the dream crew private-label backpack
now I know I know I showed you guys this
in a recent vlog when I was in New York
City doing a photo shoot for this one
but this is the official unboxing this
right here is the version that is
releasing this will be releasing in
December this is something that we've
been working on for majority of 2017
let's start out with the outside now I
definitely wanted to go with the camo
because you guys know that Camel is my
thing I love camel print but I didn't
want it to be a bright camel I want it
to be a darker camel just so that you
can wear this with everything so right
here you guys see the dream crew logo
this is the Metallica inspired logo that
I've been using the past couple months
for like tour merch and all that stuff
and I wanted it to be subtle with the
backpack but I also wanted it to pop so
I said let's do it in 3m so we got the
3m dream crew logo right there and then
on the back right here I was like the
first thing I told them was like I want
the straps to be 3m now we didn't make
the entire thing 3m but we made the main
part 3m because this is the part that
goes right over your shoulder and as you
guys can see right there we've got the
dream crew and private label collab logo
right there let's move to the top area
because a lot of people think this bag
just opens up from the sides but this
bag actually opens for the top and the
reason why I love that it opens from the
top is because that's where I store my
camera and like my Nintendo switch and
my headphones when I'm traveling also of
course you got a laptop sleeve fits your
laptop that's another reason why I
really love this bag is not only is it
convenient for my sneakers but also you
put that laptop in there doesn't damage
your laptop keeps it nice and safe now
there is a pair of sneakers in here but
we're gonna talk about these later
because I want to show you the backpack
first and we'll talk about those later
so we got the private label zippers
right here these are actually waterproof
so water cannot get into the back so
when you open it up
gonna get your brackets right here or
dividers whatever you want to call it
and this is the inside of the backpack
as you guys can see you got yourself
multiple zippers you got yourself about
two small zipper pockets and then you
got yourself two big zipper netid
pockets and then as you can see right
there the dream crew private-label patch
you also got two slots right there and
for the inside I wanted it to pop as
well I didn't want this bag to just be
about the outside I wanted the inside to
be something very very dope and
originally it was just gonna be orange
but then my people have private label
said you know we can do 3m on the inside
so I was like you know what
say no more we're gonna do all 3m so
this whole thing right here is 3m the
dividers these are 3m now let me show
you guys because with these dividers you
can choose to do them any size you want
technically you can fit three sneakers
in the bag but I only do two just
because I use that top one for my camera
like I've been telling you guys and now
my dividers are in so you can put one
sneaker two sneaker three sneakers I
just happen to have some sneakers right
here some Beluga 2.0 libras or whatever
the hell you guys are calling these and
basically you just put them in like this
one sneaker and then you put your second
sneaker it fits nice and perfect you see
that nice and perfect take a picture
that 3m pops the perfect sneaker
backpack ladies and gentlemen like I've
been kind of teasing you guys these will
be coming out online and they will be
coming out online first you're gonna
have to try to get lucky online and like
I said these will be very very limited
hopefully everybody that once one will
be able to get one and I know I've also
been teasing this the dream crew
private-label face mask camo face mask
with the 3m dream crew logo right in the
middle this will also be available
online I want to say thank you to the
private label family for you know
believing the vision I'm very excited
about this backpack and I'm very excited
to everybody who is able to purchase it
and pick it up and rep the crew and rep
private label this is just one of the
many dope collabs that I have coming out
and like I said I'm also doing the one
with prep protect for London this
weekend which I'm probably gonna be
showing you guys pictures of those today
whoa too close okay guys so a little bit
of a different vibe right now I know I
always do like sneakers and clothing and
all that blah blah blah blah blah but I
kind of want to take a second to talk
about this product right here the new
GoPro fusion now you saw me unbox this a
few vlogs ago and you guys are probably
wondering like what does it do sure you
guys saw the intro of today's vlog as
well as the intro that I did a few days
ago this one and basically this is a 360
GoPro camera that means it has not only
one lens but it has a second lens right
there anybody who's wondering whether or
not they should go and buy this new
GoPro I just want to give you guys a
quick review and kind of tell you guys
what it really is needed for if you're
looking for just something to film your
experiences you know you're not looking
for next-level 360s and all that stuff
like you just need a small camera like a
GoPro for activities or whatever it is
go with the hero 6 so do not get this
GoPro this GoPro is a little complicated
it's it's not hard to put together like
you have to download it to your computer
and then you have to stitch it together
and then you have to render it it's a
little process but for someone who
really doesn't know too much about
editing and all that stuff I would just
stick with a regular Hero 5 or a GoPro
Hero 6 but if you are someone like
myself who's into tech and likes like
new futuristic camera products and stuff
like that definitely give it a test run
like I've had other 360 cameras and I
end up never using them cuz they're kind
of like lame but this one is actually
very very dope yeah that's pretty much
my quick review on the GoPro
fusion I'm actually like I said using
the program it's making my laptop heat
up yeah alright guys so I've been
packing the last like two hours I
literally have been like so like this is
so hard trying to not take a lot of
baggage because after London we plan to
travel through Europe through a few
countries not too many just a few
countries and since we're gonna be
travelling a lot the more bags you take
the more like hassle it is to like carry
around you know a backpack
roller and then a duffel and blah blah
blah this this that that I'm trying to
minimize it I can't even choose what
damn sneakers I want to take with me to
Europe this is definitely a contender to
go with me I'm not a hundred percent
sure but it is looking like I'm gonna be
taking those thinking about taking these
the friends and family human races earth
know that I've called the earth the
human race these are gonna be a must
because this will be an everyday beater
on top of my sneakers I'm gonna show you
guys some of the like accessories I'm
taking with me
essential type things my supreme robe my
super super comfortable and warm Under
Armour scarf that they gave me last year
make my supreme gloves my private label
dream crew face mask of course I don't
know how I'm gonna take the private
label duffel I think I'm actually gonna
take my Louie duffel but I'm not sure
yet definitely need one of these and
then over here I'm definitely gonna be
taking my Gucci side bag some brand new
Stan's socks the Michael Jackson socks
look at this this is so sick okay so if
you watch thriller one of the greatest
music videos of all time
Michael Jackson evolves from the regular
Michael Jackson to the wolf so they did
the wolf on one sock and then they did
MJ on the other sock this is honestly so
sick shout out this dance
gotta have the supreme boxers you know
I'm saying always at all times thermal
leggings these are not even your basics
you know I'm saying we always hide
beasts so you gotta get the fear of God
once my dude mo blogs was about to buy
these today he was thinking about buying
these today it kind of made me want to
bust these out and wear them so I'm
low-key thinking to take these and wear
them to sneaker con Berlin now the only
reason why I wouldn't do that it's just
because if I do take them I normally
gonna wear them once so it's gonna be it
like you know I'm dragging them the
whole trip from London all the way to
Berlin a week later and only wearing
them once is it gonna be worth it I
don't know oh that's what it is
crap he'll keep my shoe smellin good you
gotta have the Chargers traveling
through Europe you gotta have the
Chargers you got the bootleg supreme or
fee and you got the real supreme more
key and I don't know if I ever showed
you guys this but let me show you guys
this so when you have the new MacBook
you know I'm saying it doesn't have a
USB port so you gotta buy a dongle a
dongle has all your dad
there's in it what I decided to do is I
took a supreme sticker and I turned my
dongle into a supreme dongle so be
creative with your supreme stickers and
I'm saying involved the Builder over
here I honestly don't know what else to
pack when we travel through Europe I
don't want to just like take flights I
want to take trains because you get to
actually see like you know the world you
get to see how beautiful Europe is when
you travel I remember when I was younger
and I went through Europe with my sister
my mom and my aunt we were getting on
trains from like Amsterdam and Germany
and you just get to see like the trees
the grass the the flowers the the like
it was so beautiful definitely looking
forward to that because it's like you
just sit there and you look out the
window and you see all that stuff and
it's just motivating and you get the
creative juices going and I'm just like
very very excited for that and I do have
a lot of family in Amsterdam so there
was a chance that I will be stopping an
answer damn Amsterdam and I'm not gonna
be doing any meetups in any other
countries other than Snuka con London
and Snuka con Berlin here's the full
breakdown of what's going on down
Saturday its sneaker Con in London and I
will be at sneaker con with CREP protect
and we are gonna be selling the brand
new exclusive dream crew creme protect
box set this box set is a camel outside
with the dream crew logo on the inside
of the box it comes with every single
crap protect product from the spray to
the wipes to the pill and when you open
it up and you see the inside you see a
video you could you click Play and it's
gonna play an exclusive video that is
only in that box set it's basically like
a little video that that I pretty much
introduced to you guys and it shows you
a whole bunch of my favorite moments
from sneakerheads be like and we also
have another surprise for you guys
because not only will we be releasing
that but Sunday I will be at the sneaker
store presented by Sunday we will be
releasing an exclusive t-shirt the kreb
protect dream crew t-shirt the
first-ever collab t-shirt I'll tell you
guys more about that I don't want to
tell you guys about the t-shirt yet just
because the t-shirt images are not out
yet I'm gonna be getting those in a few
hours so if you
call me on my social media my Twitter
and my Instagram that's where I'll be
posting those first so pay attention to
that and then after that I'm gonna be
traveling through Europe and I won't be
doing my meet up until Berlin sneaker
corn on December 9 December 9 that's
enough talking for now I thank you guys
for watching this video and again if you
have not subscribed please hit that
subscribe button because it goes a long
way we are on the road to 1 million
subscribers I'm trying to hit it by
December 31st so please guys join the
crew I'm out of here
Jim ku homicide
