I'll have to go on 100 you can give me
100 right off the bat I given 100 that
go don't ever jump to conclusions always
stand still and have a solution
dan kick game prosper you're super you
know just so slight work why'd you guys
oh yes sir our guys so we just got the
Santa Clara Convention Center bottle era
not to walk into sneaker con it starts
in about 45 minutes we're suppose be
here like two hours ago but we're super
late but the shirts came so I stood up
putting things in but you can fill it up
fill against wrong a lot getting straw
should we go away to inside all right
guys here it is this is my first time
seeing it too
I feel like a high beast I love it super
clean Allah
though just no fan on my crime since day
one with all my people since day one all
right so this is our super simple booth
you got the table over here our salesman
right here looks like he's still
sleeping like doing something what's up
yo so this guy right here is the first
one to pick up the shirt and you shout
out to Kyson this channel man love it
thank you brother finisher tuber I feel
like I don't on right now oh yeah I
would feel like a high beats hold on
then
oh yeah I did you're definitely one of
us so the official sneaker con hasn't
started we're still like we have like 30
minutes and we already got a freaking
line over here master shoutouts all
these guys I was so mad shout out to my
born Nadine thank to him I'm watching
Kai's a man shot in the day big-time
thank you brother
I feel like Pablo and get the stretch
assess it you did it yeah no I wasn't
gonna pay I was going to distress the
real one so I have a bootleg on eBay I
feel you at least he kept it real I can
vacuum real hey one direction in the
building just go dancing wait no raises
racing Taco Bell alert
let me get this Cleveland fan out of
here boo hi who's this guy I'm here for
the for the free food you could they
tell me there's gonna be pizza no this
is not the cooking convention Jade pizza
Oh they told me they're here when I call
it's a pizza con but that's a great
great idea
let's start it try to meet the con yo so
this guy right here rolled up in heat
and Stephen Kahn hasn't even started
unreleased Easy's guys you know I go
crazy pieces but these are samples get
samples I'm not even gonna ask how you
got your hands on them but you know
someone who knows someone why I already
have my thumbnail yo this shit is turned
and it hasn't even started yo this
sneaker culture is lit right here look
at this
this guy I know we had fun all of a
sudden bang we were are suitable I do
kind of feel like a high beast every now
then it's okay you got to do a proud you
know saying all of a sudden good see you
too brother thank you guys very much
this is awesome yeah and this is the
rest of the crew some of them nine
percent of them the guy who managed a
good good me you made a good meat even
to me I was probably right yes my
brother
good good meet you so the whole crew
here I've seen this is hardest I know
he saw some heat oh well you got in that
bro you got never honored to muscle
courier can we get a preview of what you
got going on here for so what I have
brought today are all in my organ piece
and they this is all of them from cleats
to trainers to turf trainers to the
basketball players shoes to the football
players shoes to the old school
basketball players shoes I've tried to
hit all aspects of it here even with the
released pair that most people know
about I didn't buy any of those that
were released of like Foot Locker and
all the little little trends with holes
on them I didn't buy those because I had
this there was no point in buying that
stuff
the most recent pickup will be these
guys right here
that is 114 that I know of in the world
that's a duck eruption for what I know
there aren't very many pairs of this
shoe so I'm just blessed to have it you
know everyone asks all the time so you
must be the big Oregon fan no no
absolutely not but what I am a fan of is
Nike in Nike is ordered so that's why I
collect Oregon Peas
it has nothing to do with the way I'm
part of this report none of them Oregon
is knife which that's why my favorite
one is on my foot and as you can see
little pairs please oh my god he just
killed everyone rest in peace
as you can see the Mamas placed up to
it runs in the family oh my god man you
killed it I tried I don't even want to
look at anyone else booth so I'm just
gonna go back to mine
I could sell here's his hardened
smelting de Letran I wanted to look
around before we started anything but it
seems like we're not gonna have time
these are hard
imma go to the booth what is his oh my
god yeah are you guys matching stodgy
hey just say my movement oh my god it's
got a represent we feel like my mood
some high all of a sudden BAM
all of a sudden resellers be like
alright so we just had the booth man is
live right now it's late
look at this
the kid got his own snapchat filter
got my own snapchat filter boy guys
sneak akan started 39 minutes ago and
look how many shirts we have left what
the bag man all of a sudden hey yo check
out this dude's ultra boot let me show
hey what's that what's up very well
what's up those are the laces that
reminds me of God beta for some soda
Oh
Thank You Knights that all this is crazy
man gents
like balls
hey what's up we also try to hit me the
best go up subscribe to my channel on
YouTube
young HBO's y un g h i VL it goes down
any for you to come let's let's make
this proof right now that crew fix is
killing the game like you said it comes
down you send it you know how many
people have even like say hi to moon
really yeah and they're like can you say
hi to choice you part of the crew that's
much they just want to do what they want
to smell a little kind song
Kevin for a three-meter rest I'm lucky
for long time I appreciate you oh I
appreciate you thank you bye that right
hey guys shout out to this guy right
here yo the poor crazy on the other end
man he just gave me some juice
he gave me some Stan Smith my first
finger classic all of a sudden all the
Le Charlot
shout out to Michael from Brentwood and
shut us here in all the zones who
decided to get his hair cut and not
though all of a sudden hair cut
there's no all right guys so it has been
non-stop hectic I haven't even been able
to pull out my blog camera to vlog why
is it realizing right because I would
this hi-c nightstand always
mr. kise how the hell are you doing you
guys thought he was just a rapper no
resale gave it we sell games okay I want
shout out out understand octave say
and cuz she's the best thank you look at
that shirt though
what's up dream come here with Casey
nice now way out here just you know in
your life and I just picked up some new
enemies you know I'll be Makaveli take
over you know what I'm fishing
have you guys seen this kids personal
snapchat filter look at this share of
burger
dream crew takeover
all of our staff Chapo he's got one of
the most entertaining snapchats beside
all your promo stuff you guys have the
boss entity about to Frank this guy
he's like oh yeah I'm ready to sign an
autograph what's up businessman tired
woman booming you guys sold out of socks
oh really yeah I feel it I'm always
giving back I feel like we weren't
sneakers man revived everywhere I got a
first steal it was a steal
it's like like a baseball like a
basketball steal we just left sneaker
con and it was amazing bro we sold out
the shirts in 35 minutes non-stop line
to our way people were waiting two hours
like I'm three hours I want to thank
these guys for helping me out and being
there with me man thank you guys we
killed it today I know everyone's dead
tired just got your neck how's your neck
you kids hold this I need this hold
itself everybody officer thank you guys
Harris came away with this deal Shawn
let's just say fam yeah shout to my
little cousin thank you how was business
business is booming man yeah better
resale a lot so I have to take a swag
taking all the crap guys okay this guy
took over my booth and started selling
it shoes yeah after a successful event
like that man it's only right that we
come get some
Pizza with the crew gamma probably got
you that pizza us right
you get alert all it said I feel like
bronze so you feel like a loser feel
like a champion 2015-2016 NBA champion
and MVP can go straight back oh yeah and
look I'm wishing for say I'm gonna take
the hell away from you
thank you we give you the W I did I got
the champ that guy hit me happy so in a
resale fund drive has he thrown over the
dog the way too hard
