what's going on guys first day in the
Bay officially with the crew had to
bring them to Seoul supremacy because
I'm trying to trade my extra 750 s
aphids got a transaction that he's
finally looking to complete finally
after the tour of these shoes gonna Ross
tell them what's going on with your neck
let's just say my dad you can't move his
neck but anyway we're going into Seoul
no drone shots right now alright guys so
I traded for 350 and some cash back but
you know I got to play this real quick
my juicy wins right now and I'll be so
happy
all right guys no luck on the keymaster
but it's all good I'm trying to get some
steals tomorrow at sneaker Con so at
least I'll come back with something
other than these right here but these
ain't even for me you know saying
sometimes you gotta you gotta give to
get what anyway let's go grub guys we
got to eat what did you say when you
said when you said you want experience
well our experience is a little town
when you grew up
I became silent orders
okay guys come to the booth weirdo I'm
cashing out on easy so come to the booth
I got you if anybody wants to sell
Yeezys come to my booth and we will
catch you out under resell hook a Boyar
no saying we need some easy as we don't
have enough do a favor for the play
there's a long way
I feel like Kobe pancakes eggs
everybody's good everybody good this
guy's eating really good egg white
strong you know what you look like
you're wearing like those vests that
barbers wear
so we just got to the city as you guys
can see the beautiful Bay Bridge is
behind me that's exactly what we were
just on right now with all that footage
you just saw basically gonna look at all
these dope ass tourist attractions in
San Francisco this city made me who I am
today
San Francisco come on you're free mangy
huh I can't even beat you be right to
Nikki well that too but I love the
coracoid get that brown belt I knew it I
knew it
I watched his videos
you're in my shot oh it's a white lens I
can see you
next tourist attraction is the what is
this called Harris Lombard Street but
you can't really see it from this angle
so what should we do I wanna drive
alright guys next stop wait if you guys
are wondering why there's only three of
us in this car is because there's two
cars Harrison's driving one I'm driving
one but the next stop is the
world-famous
all the staff selfies with the Golden
Gate Bridge
motivational sit down when it shut down
shut down personalization Oh tomorrow
you're lit oh how you doing
speaker Kahn's gonna be a long day let's
just hope my neck
hey somebody bring this motherfucker
please what you call it everybody shoes
at Cleveland's possibly shoe has a vent
you ain't the same one can we say what
you weren't every city god I don't even
know you know something Brian it's gonna
be a J but I wore first games to dunk
exchange everyone's watching you it's
like so
I don't expect this to come back on all
right we are chipping money to buy
Newark I don't know about that
just in case it leaves Paris can we play
your registration for your wedding how
scared are you Pham not that's gay
I'm scared once I got it up it's good
bring it down bring it down
alright so our last and final tourist
spot that I'm taking these guys is this
spot that I forgot what it's called but
it's a freaking sick ass cave but just
look how beautiful this is guys like
I'm pretty sure these fences are here
for a reason
Oh anything for the gram anything for
the gram I know when it comes to the
photo shoot your neck is completely fine
you get the angle going that's what they
all say
damn that's a fire picture oh I can't
with these guys why do I feel like you
guys go and do this together on your
feet oh hey for someone who takes so
many pictures you never post on
Instagram I made it
oh that's cool six upside down this
Elena
and you're still trying to find the
right Instagram picture
it went straight down it was right here
because it was directly right in front
of me I like I stared at and go down
it's literally right here like it didn't
know water the reason why I crashed it
is because the drone was at 15% and it
was working and then it literally just
said landing in seven seconds seven
seconds it gives you seven seconds what
if you're over water or something and
that's exactly what happened so I flew
it over here as quickly as I could but
literally when it got to one second no
it's is landing in seven seconds only
seven I think it started at ten but when
I stalled it it's at seven seconds so
when I got to right here
it was at one percent and it didn't hit
the rock it hit the wall and went in
rabaa Badgett if you just want I know I
would have cut my hand off I think
you've just in case an extra controller
Kaiser doesn't work they don't thought
stocks is a new controller it's okay
just keep it
this guy's officially on crack don't
care about the damn drone I want the
footage man I was a damn footage this
was a sign from God to go buy the new
version that's crash proof time from God
when it says 20% battery don't fight
anymore everything happens for a reason
guys I'm not crapped out
I'm just crapped out I don't have that
footage
look back get it look better no no no no
look at this guy all the one freaking
said a photo up it's good they don't
know the angles you
so I've been alone for the past thirty
minutes I completely lost everyone I
told everyone meet me outside of adidas
and these guys are the first ones here
shout out to you guys hey how you doing
pleasure but Jim Jim Bob nice to meet
you buddy where's the other guys that
buddy
your words everybody's brother once it
bathrooms like ten minutes I ditch them
and I went to just explore and get some
footage and then white robe okay so we
found Tweedledee and Tweedledum over
here
Tweedledee SoLoMo Tweedledum
the only person missing now is hua ji
and he's nowhere to be found
gosh that fine watching
any from census quite followed these
guys make sure you guys follow them his
name is shit oh I saw a big reveal of
yesterday provide video I see I seen you
got shit I forgot you know my last name
huh I know even his brother face face
drug yeah yeah boy waiteth speeding
crazy
hey hit the dab you know alright guys so
that's it for San Francisco there was a
lot of fun times there was some bad
times we lost the drone or two but we
made some memories that will last
forever
how's your neck by the way
getting stiffer to the medicine wearing
off you took medicine I took God last
night was mad real
alright guys so we are officially back
home about to call it a night
we've got a long day tomorrow but an
exciting day I'm so excited this is the
first sneak peek on where the whole crew
is gonna be there we have our own booth
for the first time the shirts that we're
supposed to sell aren't even here yet so
I don't know if we're gonna even have a
merchandise to sell it's like they're
coming all the way from overseas and
they were supposed to be here today but
they got delayed so there's like a whole
bunch of stuff going on but hopefully I
still have that there for you guys and
since tomorrow is sneaker con you guys
are watching this today we are there now
that means exactly in one week me and
the plug will be in Chicago for sneaker
con in Chicago that's a one week away
now so now it's time to start promoting
that these guys happens like dead
already swags like tigers the new video
this Sunday on the main channel which is
tomorrow new video tomorrow in the main
channel will be at sneaker Con in one
week in Chicago will be in stick-on in
the Bay Area today and that's it
any last words guys are you guys making
it real there you
