out here in Burbank California right now
about to visit the plug show him some
shoes decide whether I want to keep
these or trade them or live life I feel
like I'm walking into Mac park with a
cake right now this box is so big now
talking about the crew again the
 is you okay okay Tommy out daughter
Brooke this fake G is it your line off
the top off the top you're gonna go
through with me right now are you doing
it right now
yeah Cheetos fingers I saw a lottery oh
there you go here you put this on I did
it so this is the imperfection will be
see this one yeah it's cooked correctly
as I look into the cab thing
what is two pillows on Yugi oh that's
true I get hot Michael do you ever leave
this couch yeah I usually share my dish
right there your own desk yeah yeah my
party to burden the crew yeah balls
where'd you get your shoes from the
jihadi does ha ha
just trust adidas check on my chest my
sponsor adidas and COO TV and crew here
and for lucky and Kaiser Foot Locker
night part tag your mama and my mom I
can't imagine how long your acceptance
speech would be if you ever won an award
oh I'm giving you oh I'm
grateful for what I've been blessed with
so thank you yeah thanks everyone that
listens to uh my god feeling good you
let me go right no it's my birthday
she's all I think you need a favor he
just gave me a pair of headphones you
check a parakeet I'll buy your
headphones you don't know look they got
to match my headphones now start you
like would be nice to but the trade
though Wow for what if I get hot this is
my thing you should hold on to this
because the 550 is coming up and the
white ones are coming out alone but you
might need to hold on to this as a tray
bake or taking a steatite you might be
able to get a Red October
North Carolina is that were you from
yeah Ashley you're here on vacation yeah
oh for sure shout out to this guy North
Carolina's finest right here alright
you ready to leave tonight all right no
these guys didn't even pack I told him
the pack
yeah I'm you right now I'm at 19 Realty
wish we're gonna make you leave me
tomorrow morning
what's the difference between tomorrow
morning for this night
I guess I work here now
I tried to come up here so I can fly my
drone and get some dope shots for some
reason my drone just went like
completely out of control
so I'm really pissed off and I'm hoping
that me hanging something off of it
doesn't have anything to do with that
it's super hot guys so I'm gonna go home
now I gotta go finish and post crew
kicks for today get ready to hit the
road tonight because we are leaving
really excited by my head hurts so
okay so it's currently you know this
hair is like all right guys so it's
currently 6:00 p.m. we're supposed to
leave in about two and a half hours
something that's very crucial when it
comes to sneaker events is figuring out
what sneakers you want to wear god this
is like disgusting what is this like a
freaking egg in here like so I go with
comfort over everything so these bad
boys because I haven't wore these to a
sneaker event yet and actually i'ma wear
these in a minute so I might wear these
I might just bust out maybe like the
Oxford tans if I want to wear Oxford
tans and I was also thinking about
busting out I didn't show you guys yet
but I got the flu games the 2016 flu
games
nobody's gonna really have these on so
it kind of be like oh is that the new
pair is that the old pair is that the
fake pair that the dude sent you a
couple months ago no these are the real
pair actually just got these yesterday
from the homie fine line I will link him
down below if you want to check out his
Instagram and I don't know if he has any
pairs left because you said these are
selling like hotcakes
but um he might actually restock on
these so yeah 2016 flu games I got them
early and they are amazingly sexy so
oh let's do the hell oh yeah pity
us man
all of a sudden gee we're going to
debate we're not going to karate lesson
huh this is honestly the tenth vlog
where you've had those bad nigga cause
the last time yeah cuz I was telling
y'all for dirt cheap hello well coming
back with these just slow fade to black
the last bay trip is where you had those
bro the fade to black
ah was good all of you have lockpicks oh
man oh yeah hey nobody wants to be in my
vlog anymore yeah oh that he woke oh
 it goes that we are getting a fuel
refilled or getting our fuel roof I
can't talk
but anyway it's almost 2 a.m. we're
about an hour and like 20 minutes away
from home so we're almost there how are
you guys home sweet home we are finally
here Jamie you made it these guys about
to knock out it is currently 3:50 a.m.
go to sleep wake up have a good day
tomorrow we are going to the city I
think a good couple days in the bay
sneaker con look at these fake actors
brah kind of act like you sleeping right
it's part of the script good night guys
I mean good morning
that's just like ridiculous man like
look at that that I understand the tow
yeah that's gonna drag this stuff I
think the moon rock Holloway is probably
the worst call the way to buy honestly
so
