today's gonna be a very long and
productive day we got a lot to talk
about
I got a long ass walk right now and I'm
holding this big-ass bag and I'll show
you guys what's in this back so I've got
this big-ass bag filled with clothes and
then I've got this big-ass bag that's
been sitting in my trunk so it was close
I'm gonna donate both of these bags the
reason why I'm showing you guys this
usually I don't show any type of charity
or stuff like that that I do because I
feel like if you're gonna do any good it
shouldn't be done to try to make
yourself look like a better person but I
just wanna every time I do that doo doo
this I've done it a couple times in the
vlogs as I try to do it too to inspire
some of you guys to do the same thing
because I feel like if you have clothes
that are just sitting in your room that
no one's using why not donate it to
someone who actually will use that who's
less fortunate you know I'm saying
you look distracted what's been on your
mind
you're finally graduated you are in your
garage so now I'm at the post office I
gotta pick up a package I told you man
we got a lot to talk about so there's
gonna be a lot of talking today so I
apologize but first things first before
I go in there and I get this package I
want to say that the main thing is thank
you
yesterday we reached 200,000 subscribers
on crew cakes and it is honestly the
fastest growing sneaker channel on
YouTube 200,000 subscribers in half a
year if you told me that we would reach
200,000 subscribers in 6 months when I
first started the channel I would've
thought you were crazy I was expecting a
hundred thousand in one year and I
almost didn't even realize this but we
hit 300 thousand subscribers on the main
channel yesterday so two to two records
have been broken for the crew in one day
so thank you now I go in and get this
package
quick stop at Subway to grab some food
before I go home and start editing
because a boy is little grid
all right I just got a free sample and I
left I didn't get anything else super
excited because tomorrow we leave to the
bay and then we're going to be there
from Thursday night we're going to get
there like early Friday morning and then
we have all day Friday to just mess
around and then Saturday is sneaker con
so it's going to be a dope weekend with
the guys road trip to the bay it's going
to be a it's going to be some good vlogs
man is it it really is they just uh make
sure you guys tune in this weekend
alright guys so it is time to start
filming this video
all of a sudden making Nutella sandwich
gee you say your boy didn't have refills
I want one no one told me not to again
but yeah I'm about to go to the park and
film right now if you guys remember last
week we tried to do something with the
drone and today we're executing that
video so the drone is going to be put to
the ultimate test today as you guys can
see from this contraption that I
attached to it so I was getting ready to
put my shoes on and I was trying to pick
out what kicks I wanted to wear and I
pulled out my moon rocks which I wore
yesterday and I noticed that look at the
freaking cracking on this thing this is
horrible I mean I haven't cleaned them
which is you know they're dirty but this
is like the actual paint like that's
just like ridiculous man like look at
that that I understand the tow yeah
that's going to drag this stuff I think
the moon rock Holloway is probably the
worst color way to buy honestly so yeah
I've worn my Oxford tans - probably the
same amount of times as my moon rocks
and these don't crack these I've had the
longest and there's no cracking on here
either well barely like there's like
spots where it's like BAM we got dirty
that is but that one didn't crack
obviously the pirate black doesn't crack
because it's all black but
alright guys so we've been filming for
about an hour now and it is super hard
it was completely dead when we got here
at first and now it's slowly starting to
pick up but it's just like there's like
little kids and then there's like older
people and we're like targeting right in
between there we're looking for like you
know like people who know about what's
going on with them
it's hard to explain but we're looking
for a certain type of a certain type of
target right now but anyway my cameraman
is collapsed on me it looks like he's
taking a poop you go geez I'm doing G
but he is doing a great job so I'll give
him that you're doing a great job
much respect fat much respect alright
guys so we just left the park got done
filming well we don't know if it's done
yet we don't know if it's gonna be good
or not I gotta go home and watch the
footage but as of right now we got like
like eight nine people yeah eight or
nine people that we actually pulled the
little I don't want to call it a prank
but let's go FEM to one
a little thinning
all of a sudden we make it sneaky Khan
is on Saturday I know I keep talking
about it but I'm just so excited I'm
trying to promote it as much as possible
have you promoted in your vlog gee yeah
I did
lion I didn't last long part kicks got
you were working 9:00 to 5:00 got the
NBA plaque in no time you're so driven
that you're scared to stop I wanna
apologize for the people I'm gonna
disappoint by eating this so I couldn't
help it let's dive in good honestly
low-key like very low-key honestly I
think I should pack for tonight because
I don't even know what sneakers I'm
gonna wear to sneak a car down and I
don't even know if the shirts are gonna
make it there on time so there's another
product I want adventure yeah we're
gonna find out what happens but
hopefully tomorrow huh that yeah we're
leaving tomorrow I have to do laundry
if anybody can tweet me what they think
the front says because you guys see in
the back but what is the front say it
says I feel like tweet me your guess and
I'll pick and whoever wins whoever can
guess at first I'll give them a free
shirt so I'm sure you didn't post
anywhere I didn't post the front of the
shirt anywhere I feel like what I feel
like blank fill in the blank tweet me
your answers and I'll pit and whoever
guesses at first will win a free shirt
so
right cause I think that's not good
because I think if you hit the door with
your other foot it'll be funny
immediately we started having most
serious
