praise yeah actually sell on the back of
a car on a bumper sticker yeah I'm just
what's good g are you doing ok play yeah
oh and did you guys family with us today
no but the gift that we go but is this
is nice guys and as a chain they've got
so baby chasing coffee chaining tater
check out the front half of this car
whip whip game rom Murari how's this
work you tap it top it oh right here
look this is my name oh ok start go
ahead oppression eggs and then that's
what it's going to look like in the
middle countdown once
whether my whip whip it open my lord
whip it pulled up guys my favorite part
when it comes to these Hollywood movie
premieres
popcorn for days free popcorn alert 3
pop feel like we're going to go look at
the other stuff we go get suited with a
movement all right guys let me show you
guys just water that they got put in
this bread water it comes in like a pump
of last class he comes with a flat I
look at my mouth I feel like I'm on the
subject on right her lips
we're in our seats right now it's super
packed movie theater
all these industry guys over here look
at this roof fixed Wow
I should've brought my journal
we can get to that I you right click
that is not good because I think if you
hit the door with your other foot it'll
be funny and immediately started having
a serious conversation about the dumb
what do you think of the movie femme
pretty good movies come along but I like
it they got them this after party
all these industry guys over here we
trying to make connections what would it
be going up to these people saying good
movie right so my thoughts on the movie
it was a pretty good movie you guys
don't know what the movie is it's called
the nice guys it's this one right here
it was cool it was a little long but
like everybody's long these days but it
was pretty cool I think it comes out
when
okay so we just left the party there's
an after party but we decided not to
stay cuz I gotta go post cupcakes late
but anyway they give us these goody bags
the nice guys let's just say there's a
big ass fuck in here I don't know listen
I'm not too fond of books but this is my
favorite type of book pictures only
whole bunch of pictures only from the
movie I guess so that's pretty dope oh
hello hello and then
this they give us a record which is
pretty dope original sound track record
our dishes this is like a 3d thing
collector's edition set includes
eye-popping new 3d centerfold glasses
included oh let's just say hey Isaac EOP
after dark G the fuck am I have to look
at this right now hi guys so we just got
home because had some taco bell it was a
cool movie though had a good time she
had to fire kicks for the tickets
chatter Warner Brothers shout out to
Warner Brothers you know thanks thinking
we need to be in more movie premiere so
but anyway man let the countdown begin
we are four days away from sneaker con
bay area again man super excited if
you're from the bay area make sure you
guys come out I'm gonna be there he's
gonna be there my brother's gonna be the
Cayman gonna be there so I get it is
gonna be there harris is gonna be there
have a lot of more special and we have
in our own booth I talked to the good
people over at sneaker con today and our
booth is not going to be like super like
crazy it's going to be very simple but
we're gonna have our products for sale
and you guys are going to be the first
ones to be able to purchase the new
shirt and I'll show you guys a preview
of it I tweeted it but show you guys the
back but that's the back obviously you
guys can see that's inspired by the I
feel like Pablo shirts it's blurry but
if you guys want to see it go to my
twitter and you can see the whole thing
but it will be available only there
there's only a hundred of them so if
they don't sell out I will put them on
online but we'll see how hard the Vagos
please see if the Bay Area's about it so
any last words you see the sneaker con
dang you builder it's gonna be a crazy
road trip though we're all going in the
car together so we're leaving thursday
night and other than that man thanks for
watching we will definitely see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog
and I'm out of here man ok so first they
got me a nice tank man nothing I stake
right here comment down below all the
stuff that you think he didn't
