somebody said wait a micron
heading back to LA right now so let's go
home okay so I know what these are and
it's really exciting to get these I'm
not going to show you guys what it is
yet but so this is who it's from
as you guys can see from that label and
I was supposed to get these like two
weeks ago here's the back story adidas
hit me up on Instagram the adidas
original Instagram slid into my DMS
which is amazing I was like what I was
in shock and um they're like yo what are
your sizes we want to send you and your
crew some stuff I was like okay I didn't
know what to say I was trying to play it
cool like this is freaking adidas they
said they're gonna send me some stuff
and then what sucks is that other
youtubers got it too and I don't care
that they got it but the reason why it
sucks is cuz they spoiled the surprise
so I don't I I was hoping the element of
surprise was still there but
unfortunately I know what these are
I fucking I'm gonna open it now a group
chat name is pop that shit like well
hype it up just got a package from
adidas see that this is freaking awesome
right here okay just the packaging alone
is incredible ClimaCool adidas
footlocker approved as you guys can see
right there ClimaCool on the side what
does this one say adidas for locker
approved
itself is just amazing so let's go ahead
and open it up let's see what color way
I got because I know issues I'm getting
I hope it's all black colorway but it's
the all white and red okay I still I
still mess with these adidas original is
set to reintroduce the ClimaCool at
footlocker stores nationwide this
Saturday April 23rd so as you guys can
see I'm getting this package a little
bit late as you guys can see the shoes
just made to be super breathable so I'm
going to actually try these all like you
could see like it looks like there's air
vents in there even the insole is just
like hella breathable like look at this
what the hell
Thank You Anita's guys if you're
watching this room
what's yours edgy which you can say god
did you guys edgy did you say Takei
smash this is a take on that plate this
is that take oh is it take he said I
feel like Pablo he shut this shit if you
let me borrow die ever ever shoot goes
down from uh from perfect pair I miss
you we got this nice looking camera view
and I miss you bro hopefully you were
here but if you're watching this it's
too late
nice office better take fire keisters
karate lessons right now what belt are
you let's just say she ran it on house
key what's going on guys so it is Sunday
right now I'm back in LA as you guys can
see I'm here with fire kicks how you
doing for I get tired I was Vegas let's
just say I happen the biggest things in
Vegas if you guys want to see their
Vegas trip go to his channel I didn't go
last-minute decision personal reasons
but uh they're back now they were there
for 24 hours and maybe next will make up
for this weekend in the bay right yeah
we got to make up for this weekend it's
not just another sneaker con we're
having our own booth for the first time
ever so the whole crew is gonna be there
me fired kicked yg um Fitzharris swag
Jamie and we will have shirts for sale
and for firemen I tweeted a preview of
them on my Twitter so they're good like
I sell out like hotcakes
speaking of hotcakes I feel like this
pictures gonna be hella pack bro
I do do daily 30 minutes
Chipotle which which they made 30-minute
wait guys so I want you good to go if
you get back
why fish
we don't mess with the fish over here
gee it is Mother's Day so happy Mother's
Day to all the mothers around the world
but remember guys if you love your mom
you don't say it one day on a commercial
holiday you say it every single day of
the year so
we got to go and stay worried every
single day of the year stop G so before
fire kicks goes home I wanted to stop at
the Grove so I convinced them to come
with me before he has to go to those
karate classes actually but I want to go
to the Grove because I want to see if
they have the Rio Jordan tens they came
out yesterday I really like them has a
theme to it which is the Olympic Games
this summer so Olympics in Rio right
yeah okay it's making sure road to Rio
road to Rio so Massif they have them so
Olympics all right guys Nike grow let's
see what they got Lucas yeah
these are Waverider in person
I can't believe they have these stuff
oh wow look at these then I even graded
like shine what are they called well the
Kobe's
to what take your to take your Hatfield
you good to say that hat is silent
anyway guys I decided not to get the
reels because like I like them a lot
it's it don't you but I know that
they're just going to sit in my room and
I'm trying to make smart decisions
likewise so I was like I'm not gonna buy
them because they're just gonna sit
there so good decision gee if you get a
50% discount everybody you know we're
not about that night how taking care of
some business on this beautiful Sunday
my showers been clogging up taking a
break from editing gee yeah alright guys
it's been 15 minutes to see if this
thing worked
alright guys I know you guys are gonna
call me a high beast but I literally
bought a boosted board today
ah fuck ich schon really do you say oh
yeah
they sent me a lot of stuff actually bit
ly that's yeah where's all to send me a
locker right so first they got me a nice
tank nice take right here
comment down below all the stuff that
you think he did in this shorts they
gave me a special card you know what you
know they got of course these Adidas
shoes right here really cool clavicles
and and last but not least adidas real
hooked me up with this one
Pablo merch guys good job adidas I want
to collab with Bowie dasboard that I
want to collab with phase drug your
friend with the brother cuz you use your
frickin sneaky ass guy you give a child
betrayal okay Brooke you did this my own
blood hahaha today we're trying to see
if this thing can carry something it is
looki Whitney do you see in this oh yeah
go
Oh
we go he does well that was a great
success looks like we have a new video
idea for this week but we have to figure
out when we're going to execute it and
see how it goes because it might be a
little bit hard I'm excited for this
I've had this idea for months now I just
never did it because I was scared to
destroy my drone but I realized that for
this video I mean it might be worth it
may the 4th be with you
