what remember I told you guys that was
sick yesterday well when I have a cold
or a fever or whatever the hell's going
on with me my ears become super
sensitive I've had a ruptured eardrum
before back in 2012 I believe and it was
honestly the worst pain of my life as
you guys saw in my last vlog I did get
on an airplane while I was sick which is
the reason why I ruptured my ear the
first time and halfway through the
flight I woke up and I couldn't hear out
of this ear this is the one that
ruptured again so right now I cannot
hear out of this ear anyway that's the
only negative vibes in today's vlog
because today's vlog is gonna be dope as
I said in yesterday's vlog SeatGeek
reached out to me again and they wanted
to send me somewhere and I said me
myself like sure I can go to everything
and you know take advantage of
everything but I'm like I rather give to
the people who you know are there for me
and my family and my friend so I said
you know what my mom has been asking me
to take her to a Warriors game she's
never been to one she's been to a Lakers
game earlier this year I took her to a
Lakers game
but she's been asking me for for me to
take her so I was like yo this is the
perfect opportunity Mother's Day is
around the corner I'm not gonna be in
the Bay Area for Mother's Day I'm gonna
be back home in LA I was like yo I'm
gonna get on a plane I'm gonna go this
was not this literally got planned
yesterday I was like y'all I'm gonna
book a flight tomorrow morning to the
Bay Area I'm gonna take my mom to the
Warriors game she has no idea she knows
I'm here and that made her happy enough
but I'm gonna surprise her and I'm gonna
take her to her first ever Warriors game
which is a playoff game round two versus
the Portland Trailblazers and shout out
to seat geek cuz they got me in the
courtside club so I'm within the first
three rows I believe three or four rows
I'm super excited to see how my mom
reacts but first things first I need to
go eat I need to go get my hair cut
let's get this day started
what's up then
hello people today Frias boys
it was amazing to see Kobe go out and
score 60 points I want to see them go
out and score 60 points yeah how things
end is it's it's it are you ready no
yeah
no way yeah no you kidding yeah
tonight yeah yeah yeah you guys no no
how much I appreciate SeatGeek for
making me be able to make these
opportunities come true we bout to head
out right now and for the people that
are wondering I'm gonna talk about
SeatGeek later but if you guys want to
get 20 bucks off of your next purchase
on SeatGeek
for any concert sporting event in the
description box down below is the link
with my promo code Kai's and enjoy now
it's time for us to try to beat traffic
and get to the game before it starts
before tip-off
well this is a baseball arena and that's
a basketball arena
yeah it's outside yeah so they have two
games going on you want to take a
picture of the announcement and she
always watches on the Warriors
broadcasting
that's the best part about this so that
this hallway that we're entering and
exiting from is where the players come
out which is crazy
there we go the game time
third quarter is about to start
they were now porky at one point in that
blazars I didn't make a really good
we like the clover but I don't know what
happened with
I've never seen fire at a basketball
game
what is good people hope you enjoyed
that vlog if you did hit that thumbs up
I hope my mom had a good time I had a
good time I'm sorry I wasn't too into
the game as you guys know I've been
under the weather I'm getting better I
can finally hear out of this ear so
we're good to go on that one I just
wanted to add this last clip in to say
thank you guys for watching and also
thank you to see geek again for making
this opportunity for giving me this
opportunity to take my mom to her first
Warriors game she had a blast
she said she can't wait to go to work
today so she can go back to her
co-workers about how much fun she had
and about how good her seats were and
the whole experience and her walking
through the players hallway and all that
stuff so I'm happy my mom had a good
time if you guys don't know about cgc
geek is like the best place to purchase
tickets to any type of event sporting
concerts all that stuff pretty much they
take all the ticket websites and they
put them all into one place so you can
see what's carrying the bet where is the
best value pretty much every ticket is
given a grade so you always know how
good your value is when you're
purchasing your ticket if you guys want
to get $20 off like I told you earlier
all you have to do is enter my code in
on the me tab and you get 20 bucks off
of your purchase so shout out to
everyone who already did use it because
I get so many tweets a day saying thank
you for hooking me up with your code
guys it helped out and people tweet me
pictures of them like super close at
baseball games or whatever it is
basketball game so it shout-out to you
guys for using that and we're gonna end
it on that note thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys with another
vlog tomorrow and I am out of here
peace in my pink ID
