you're vlogging with this thing today
this should be interesting
Oh
who's in this car how you open the door
I can hear you from my window in my room
he said this is the first song you
played when he got into the car my song
this is Jamie's new car today Sunday it
was video day today was the premiere of
sneakerhead wait what do you want to eat
make up what kind of pizza do you like
this is gonna be my last pizza that I
eat in a long time so you want to go to
blaze pizza all right make a left make a
left free print right can I go right
today Sunday I posted sneakerheads be
like part 4 earlier today and you guys
went crazy alright
insane bro three hours a hundred
thousand views not almost 20,000 thumbs
up quality water quality wise it was
great it's fun it was hilarious when I
was editing there's a blooper reel so
I'm probably going to include the
bloopers at the end of today's vlog if I
don't have enough footage or maybe I'll
just do it on top of that but yeah so
basically it motivates me to want to
pump out a new main channel video for
you guys every Sunday so hopefully I'll
have a new one for you guys next Sunday
and the Sunday after that I'm gonna try
to make a new main channel video every
Sunday for the month of May so you have
plates on here oh no no place all right
so this is Jay from the dealership what
you need to do first things first you
need to get the windows tinted and then
there's a few friends I never thousand
an own one like you know you'll be
talking about it all year yeah no bro mm
so she's been up here for the boys
we've done some shit this year and
running I even have a year that's a
clean sport let's just say we both we
both might have new cars in 2016 oh I'm
about another awesome dumb shit on PT a
cyber monday but you got yes Jordan one
boys I love
I got the chicken Madero right here guys
Jamie got the pasta on his cheat day
good Oh always working hard being real
good all right that was a great success
that was absolutely delicious how did
you feel about your food Youngblood I
remember I like more the food a corner
all of a sudden he's a car guy anyway
guys so that was my last like fat meal
even though it's not bad yeah wasn't
that crazy with chicken but uh
I just got to get a man gotta get in
shape you know what I'm sayin and also I
cannot wait for Captain America I'm so
excited for that I love when he says do
you understand what I'm saying you idiot
furs are below ashes are oh oh they're
going to give that this is our 110
percent
we're on level seven we're on level so
there's levels to this
I want to do major thanks Becky square I
gotta go with the girl that came to me
because she has a crush on me Tong's
Italia Chad to Natalya she came up to me
no she was filling the kid what can I
say I'm MJ Debbie way I just don't fade
away 4/6 upside down that's a nine now
original calls me good but this one
I don't know too much about cars but I
know one thing I look good in them sing
Carl fucking block me dickhead
why cuz I told that everybody gave me a
piece up yeah at wrong yeah I thought
thank you for making my childhood dream
he's wrong my friend I see a restless
blocked by a WWE wrestler guys
I was so pissed
you watch MJ in major ways I want to
leave it look I'm blood kalisto no
chikara sinclair they blocked me and
your phone it will no no isn't your boy
yeah y'all save user tape at nine put
night you fathered online I love that
song that's my favorite song I know oh
yeah radio oh yeah so he's all like MJ
in every way
I just don't fade away second opinion on
the album guys it is really good but
it's still not my favorite Drake album
over there yeah don't fuck the Clippers
alright family feelin now it's time to
go watch pay back and relax and eat
snacks
Oh
alright guys so I just got done watching
WWE payback I feel like I wasted my time
the show was wack but I also watched the
Pacers lose so for all the people that
called me a bandwagon Paul George fan
they're out of the playoff so I have to
worry about me tweeting about him but
kind of sucks but is whatever I would
obviously what the Warriors doing just
goes that's my hometown Bay Area so that
would be pretty dope I'm just gonna go -
what are you doing lady like my light is
green and she's like coming from the
left side I think she ran a red light
anyway amazing man you guys got 150,000
views in 8 hours that is the most I
believe that I've ever gotten on a video
so thank you guys thank you guys so much
I know I said it earlier but I can't
thank you guys enough so I want to thank
you guys and since you guys killed it
today I think it's only right that we
throw in a few bloopers now they're not
the best bloopers in the world but
bloopers are always funny so here we go
let's check out some bloopers you can
see I was recording that
hello so how many good yeah yeah deliver
Boise like picking speed some of the
helping with the board
swag you mother that was a steal yeah
huzza
push it push pin it call me tell me how
many sale becoming see this flesh is
flesh go and you got what's up on your
hand this way Google Street hey Finch
Finch Finch you both are going straight
back regular Yelp yeah damn man I can't
wait for this patience
stop I did it perfect the first out of
every day forever
hey for something huh the house a little
knob ROM don't sneakers like Nalu
that's creepy wasn't funny ready nah man
I can't
that's a tea put that shirt back on okay
do it again but don't just Nick that's
the tea for you sir with the tea listen
up guys will be doing raffle tickets
right now duvan
that's almost a technical game hello
hello you can see the screen are you
crazy
I'm not playing basketball in these
these are too valuable put them in the
glass case you know what I'm saying
Oh wrong side when you say go thanks man
shut up just kidding
hold on oh dude video guy I like the
punk make me I'm update yeah well like
kid would you be quiet it's just a
little bit of applesauce
so I don't take your sour
