don't kill me now
you know I was thinking today what could
I do every morning I wake up and I'm
just like what what video can I bring to
you guys what ideas can I think of and
then there's been one that's been on my
mind for a while now but I haven't
executed it yet but I think today might
be the day in a few days I leave to
London for sneaker con and I'm gonna be
at the kreb protect booth like always
and I'm actually dropping a box set with
CREP protect at sneaker Kong London but
today I want to do something with carpet
X so this is what I was thinking is I
never use my kitchen like I've lived in
my apartment for like I want to say like
eight months and I've never once turned
on my stove so what I want to do is I
want to transform my kitchen and my
stove in that whole area into a CREP
protect cleaning booth area table
whatever you want to call it so we got
to go get some materials we got to go
get some makeover things and we got to
go see how we're gonna actually do this
thing because I don't know how we're
gonna actually do it but we're gonna
figure out whether or not this is gonna
work so it's like a Kmart across the
street usually I'm team Target but you
know I'm saying Kmart is closer to us
right now we're gonna go to Kmart and
then let's see if we can get things for
this so yeah
next level Kmart lighting effect over
here
I think this is what I'm gonna go for
I'm saying we got the little tray so
when we're done with weren't you we
could pick it up move it to this drawing
area and we got another shoe so these
are gonna be a must but we need like we
need like a drip like a like a drape or
something so come on this would be good
right here this is perfect perfect size
my hair sticking up oh this is a pretty
small one are you looking for Jimmy I'm
looking for my wife yeah this is lit
right here guys crapper tech comes with
microfiber towels but this is like a
handmade so I can literally just clean
the shoe with my hand so I'm gonna get
two of these
anywhere you didn't work in not trying
to walk are you there you gotta do what
you gotta do sometimes guys doing
exercise for the first time all right
now we go home and we build our crepin
tech cleaning station let's go all right
guys so back at the crib now and look
what showed up two boxes so before we
get into remaking the whole or remake
whatever let's go ahead and hit the
intro right now what's in the box this
one first because this one's not that
important pink hype beats world
champions hat this was available on
dream crew come over the weekend for the
Black Friday sale only $10 sick shirt
this was supposed to release at sneaker
con Toronto this already sold out so I
don't need to promote this one but yeah
that's pretty much that
now this one right here this is from my
oh no I'm talking so far I got this one
right here from Seoul steel so I've
messed with Seoul Steel's before I will
link them down below basically that's
where I get a lot of my supreme from I
get a lot of sneakers from there as well
and today we got some more supreme so
basically I wanted this because of born
in London this weekend like I keep
telling you guys and they include the
supreme stickers uh-huh box logos BAM
champion supreme hoodie very simple very
dope quality is a one I'm just like this
is perfect for layering because there's
not too much branding on the actual
hoodie so yeah soul steals check them
out I'm going to link them down below it
is a membership-based website so you're
paying for a monthly membership but
you're getting access to supreme at its
cheapest and a whole bunch of other
sneaker so it's pretty dope that being
said now it's time to go on to build our
correct cleaning station have to dream
crew high piece apartment so let's go
ahead and start that and what are we
going to alright we got all our crap up
here I'm gonna leave this stuff here
just because it's already cooking y'know
so there we go we got a little draping
oh so nice little setup you can still
see the time that's good right here I'm
gonna put these BAM perfect fit now we
got our trays you know I'm saying we
keep these right here maybe keep one
like
you're just and then we put our gloves
and then you need the product so about
two of them right now so we got we're
gonna have two brushes on debt just to
have them you know right there we'll
have two solutions on deck and then you
know they obviously when you buy them
they come with the cure microfiber
towels we're not gonna be using those
right now but we're gonna keep them just
around just because I don't want it to
get you know I'm saying so just put it
maybe under the sneaker while you're
cleaning it I mean that was pretty good
right that was pretty good oh yeah that
was pretty good now we gotta test it out
so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go
grab a dirty sneaker we're gonna test
out oh wait wait wait
grand finale ready you ready Oh
lighting is key when cleaning your
sneakers I like to leave my brush inside
of it just let it get moist to her a
little bit you know I'm saying now
you're not supposed to really do this
but I like doing it just because it gets
a little bit extra you know foaminess in
there if that's even a word but put a
little bit of the solution in the water
just crept protect really work we find
out right now
you guys get some no I do now we got to
use one of our gloves what you think
killed it right oh right here look at
this BAM do you think we could clean
that all right that's gonna be the
ultimate test right there
the thing about turtledoves midsole is
that it's painted so a lot of the paint
comes off and people think it's still
dirty but in reality it's just the paint
coming off that happens in wear and tear
not from not from crap protect itself
BAM look at that holy crap that's in see
there's still a little bit more someone
go a little bit harder now box that come
in for London I'm being lazy right now
that's all I'm gonna do to clean it I
think that was a pretty good job there's
a glove didn't turn it perfect did it or
my trick you see a little purple right -
I think the glove right
we're gonna do it with the black now
take that purple it off okay so we're
gonna use the towels that krepp gives us
because that will probably keep the
color and intact yeah came off a little
bit there you go yeah they come off
perfect ha so there you guys have it
crept protect works I introduced with
you guys the new CREP protect cleaning
station if you ever come to my apartment
feel free to clean your shoes we've got
the products we've got the wipes you got
the spray whatever you need we got it
here at the crab protect dream crew
cleaning station dream crew prep protect
box are coming this Saturday to sneaker
Con London and then see at presented by
and then I presented by in London I got
another surprise for you but by the time
this vlog goes up or later today I'll be
able to officially show you guys the
products when they launch you guys know
exactly what we're dropping this weekend
because it's gonna be absolutely insane
yeah
I'm throwing these away because these
things alright guys so we just got to
Santa Monica it's been a minute since
I've been here but we're meeting up with
Ahmed and Moe logs we got cameraman
Chris in the building you already know
people already recognizing him on the
streets that's crazy right you said
somebody recognized you I know some AI
at Glendale Galleria oh man
my man's going up in the world but
anyway yeah we're gonna meet up with
them I don't know what we're gonna do
over here but anytime I come to Santa
Monica it just brings back so many
memories we used to always come to Santa
Monica we used to camp out for sneakers
here at footlocker and at Nike right
here so I have so many memories over
here
and it's just dope to always come back
and catch the vibes out here alright
guys so we decided to prank Molag so
what we're gonna do is Kris is standing
over there he's standing over there and
he's gonna act like he's just a fan he's
gonna come over and start talking to
Achmed and we're gonna see what more
vlogs does and uh and we're just gonna
see what happens like he's gonna act
like he's a hater in real life so
basically confronted by a hater in your
life prank
yo paparazzi go paparazzi are you all
that what about like you like Nutella
yeah
so we rode your vlogs are pieces suck I
don't even know why you blog though I
just came here just to talk blogging
this but I'm just trying to confirm it
because I always wanted companies ugly
you see him looking in bro like you know
but you know who I am yeah so you know
who I am
so you're nobody to me but you watch I
just watched you wanna laugh bro bro
don't touch me right now don't touch me
well what'd I do to get you so mad
because you're ugly belly just ugly well
you're like 4 foot - so what I don't
care about yeah I want to touch you no
no don't touch me alright guys so we are
in Santa Monica as you saw up there when
we just prank that prank them but now
we're actually on the pier we're gonna
do some games it's kind of cold but
we're gonna play basketball I want to
see if he has that shot we're gonna see
if we can beat me in basketball
winner gets the other person's shoes
right now what time is it closed today
even the arcade ok so I guess all the
stuff is closed but we want to take some
sick pictures so I think we're just
gonna go over there anyway like what's
the worst that can happen you know I'm
here on holiday I leave in two days so
if I get to jail you're bathing me all
right I got you at least we'll get a
good thumbnail
I don't think we're doing anything too
illegal we could just say we were lost
all right we're getting kicked up yeah
we're getting kicked out guys I was
about that it was fun I've got his
pictures in though the other basketball
is closed so we're gonna do this
basketball
hey you gonna make one more
let's go yeah 22:19 Wow you lost my one
shot I'm willing to give you a rematch
rematch rematch but we have to make the
snake a little higher the stakes are
higher if I beat you I need a Lincoln
bio I think you're fine you walk
barefoot I don't know that one you got a
Lincoln bye okay there's no rematch
everything's right there
let's go
two wins baby let's go Lincoln pile you
already know in the description box
oh you're too tired to fight I want to
you were up 20 to 10 really I came back
baby took that w
no one can handle me no one yeah get rid
of look you let's get it get ready for
New York so many w's run too many W in
one day this is what you guys do to be
here alright guys so we're currently
waiting for mow logs cuz he's shopping
for a hat but anyway the stores are
still open holiday our game retail boys
while we wait let's just touch on what's
going on with life like I've been
telling you guys London sneaker con is
gonna be absolutely lit this weekend I
know I keep talking about it but I
really need my London crew to come out
and support and again like I told you in
the last vlog we trying to hit a million
subscribers man so if you're not
subscribed to this channel please do so
because we're trying to have it reach 1
million subscribers by December 31st and
we are a hundred and ten thousand
subscribers away so we're very very
close and when I do reach it which I
didn't even mention in yesterday's
episode is that I'm giving away 10 pairs
of brand new Yeezys when we reach 1
million subscribers so subscribe cuz
it's absolutely free for you and you can
end up winning a free pair of Yeezys
possibly so you know I'm saying state
two and then plus the Europe log is
gonna be absolutely Linux here I mean
next week I'm lost something
going on with life I might just hit him
with one of these let's do it come on
what if I hit you
I've been ignoring messages that
sugar-coated with prejudice
I'm sick of ignoring my excellence I
think it was time for an exit bitch
our country is lacking the president the
 on my phone is irrelevant it's
making me feel insecure can tell if
intentions are pure bro he just walked
into adidas in Santa Monica and look
what they have sitting here oh my god
bro are you copping easy retail you
gonna get some you know me guys they got
Yeezys for retail right now this is how
you get a YouTube thumbnail but let's
just say Steph Curry challenge I posted
on my snapchat about the free easy thing
and then somebody called Adidas and they
said hey do you guys have retail bra
rumor has it that the timberlands we
left a few days ago are still outside of
the mag park we don't know yesterday all
right guys so we are finally gonna leave
Santa Monica now and you find out anyway
enough we're fine any final word to you
in the New York damn I'm not gonna see
you for a while I'm going to London just
know my boy ice his price why not
ya know hey give me a yo I know your
knees hurting Germany
go get that surgery yeah I might have to
need it for the hoops closet
I got everything baby
