so I woke up feeling sick but it's
beautiful outside so I don't know what
the hell happened I think yesterday when
I was filming outside I kind of got cold
then it was windy whatever anyway I'm
going to be filming up the last few
scenes of sneakerhead to be like today
so I can go home and edit it tonight and
have it for you guys today on the main
channel but first things first I'm gonna
go grab some food from the West field
Culver City Mall because I've been at yg
ain't answering their phone so I don't
know what they're doing and yeah
so they can get Hawaiian barbecue
because I haven't had this in a minute
and weightless 15 minutes long but
hopefully attracted again I immediately
regret that decision to eat there
submit and what a shout me out ray
Jordan 23 on snapchat - shell brother
take it easy still looking for the cream
ultra booze I've been like looking
everywhere I can't find them I need a 10
and a half I know that I gotta have it
on a weekend out here in the ball but
hopefully I can come up on it soon this
adidas right here they got him yesterday
and they sold out already so I'm so
pissed I shoulda came yesterday I had no
idea man I don't cook I need to start
calling these stores ahead of time
not SoDo still on the hunt for the ultra
boost there's three shoes that I'm like
on the hunt for right now
two of them are old reliefs and one of
them's are really old release but the
first one is obviously the cream ultra
boost the second one is the Delaine way
Congress won he won his first
championship in them I want them in any
color way that I can get my hands on the
reason why I won all of a sudden said
sup man
and in the third shoe is a pair of Asics
believe it or not and I don't know what
they're called but they're green and
then they come in this crazy-ass money
box and I see my sneaker events but I
just never bought them because I didn't
know if I was paying too much or not but
size 10 I believe in those I've never
had a pair of Asics and that one is
probably going to be my first pair of
acing so I know those aren't even hard
to get right now but it's on my hit list
so those are the three sneakers all
right guys so we just got to the park
finally wide US is back up in here
let's go matter the hell you've been bit
a minute no 60 seconds yeah
fire kicks back up in here it is so
windy right now so we're trying to
locate to an area where it no wind so we
can finish up these scenes hi guys so we
just finished up one more scene and we
got one more to go and that's a wrap on
sneaker head to be like I'm eating baby
food applesauce it's good yeah
man I can't remove that baby food
challenge me David uh-huh
we did do a baby food challenge but
anyway like I was telling you guys this
Park here is amazing so what I want to
do is I want to hold like an Olympic
weekend when Harris and everybody comes
out and we just play every sport
possible from ping pong to soccer to
basketball who's a winner right Victoire
yeah well do like the bay versus LA so
now we are at the basketball courts
filming the scene here but since we're
already here it's only right that we
play a little bit of it what play some
up bro how'd you be talking average
W me when I'm talking shout you down
hard you been at Mac Park practicing it
all yeah hey nah that's right that's
what I heard you were teammate to all of
us honey
how are easy is on-court fam encore you
know I'm saying it's actually really
comfortable but the thing in the
movement the quick subtle movements are
we lateral movements can use a little
work
that's why I do asked basketball 101
that's one you know crew kicks soon I'll
tell you basketball use alright guys so
the craziest thing happened so I tried
to find my drone right here it went up
and they just started losing control and
it landed itself like it started making
this beeping noise and then I think the
reason is because we're super close to
LAX
like literally planes keep flying over
us like right there like you see LAX is
right there there's a plane going right
there you probably can't see it but we
just wrapped up that's it's think ahead
to be like is officially done I was all
around high five high five high five low
fives I follow this Instagram account
called team Kanye was daily where it's
like everything Kanye and they posted
that the - store which is the Kardashian
store is carrying Pablo merch we're
gonna go see if there's any line
hopefully there's no hype on it because
I feel like a lot of people don't know
about it yet
oh this guy's nothing like it's like
it's a scavenger hunt I'm gonna dive
there's a log out slide right now
there's no line but let's hope they have
it
what a success guys what a success yo we
just cashed out hello we want all that
they had left so basically they had only
the blue shirts left with the red
beanies I got uh three shirts a beanie
and a red beanie a blue beanie avenged
motor it be teachin in that one girl put
it back out like that real quick guys so
they I guess that there it's like the
hottest item right now they said how the
people were there but there was no line
luckily there's like four more shirts
enough
imma feel like Pablo five days of the
week well six because I have the hoodie
to ifap he is the problem you're
reselling down all right guys so we're
ending the night at this place called
cafe 70Â° where they have these dope ass
big boba cups that we're gonna baba
balls people guys just loves stop him
yes so after this I have to go home and
edits the Gadsby like as well as this
vlog and it's gonna be a long night
alright guys so I have a lot like I was
saying I have a lot of editing to do
tonight so I'm going to be a blade
perfecting sneakerhead to be like part 5
you ready fish nigga con G for May 14th
oh my now it's your second so much let's
just make an appearance no feature damn
 I make in the future but when I
make a feature I feel like damn Pablo
how's it going boss are you guys doing
alright guys this is what I was talking
about this is like an ice tub of ice
cream like I just want to go this is oh
yeah the best part is sticking the the
straw inside of course that's he she
said alright guys we are spending our
Saturday night turning up just kidding
we're playing Connect for 4 - it's me
Versace
yeah I thought I won you won god
damn it
oh he didn't even know any what I do you
know I go you want I know that's it game
over
he's doing I think I'll see ya 1 2 3 god
dammit I was just I said you won't be
alive ago and this is why I can't play
this game did you get these guys to play
the guys I freaking suck at connect poor
man yeah I should've look you just kept
playing and I told you you won okay here
we go put that key another man you know
a be over dick yeah either your dick yep
if y'all see it first
you can see right now you guys you see
right just double the trouble and it is
connect for ladies yeah I saw the little
booby trap another movie I connect
Foreman let's just say back to back to
back okay let me get this kid guys look
how quick I didn't record because I
didn't think this is gonna happen but I
did the oldest trick in the book
look got Eve so that's obviously that's
obviously not even like you know what no
that's the game's house so basically I
had the first one I got that and then I
put this one now just a slip-up minute I
put that one and then I had these two
open so I had an option
that was a strategy I'm winning I must
be fire Kingston you guys he's
gonna take an L today hallelujah one two
three four Connect for three in a row
Kobe Kobe hey guys my cake Stevie wait
you got one room in this room he is
wondering probably Steph Curry hahahaha
alright guys so I have five wins under
my belt or if you have three yeah three
or four is three this is good what do
you have
yep three okay so to ever get six wins
first yeah laughs I cuz I had a
three-peat and then I had a man come
back so here we go if I beat watching
here I win this tournament that we're
having six six six six
six-six-six okay come on thank you we
said I go on this side I said I went
from this side we go from the six side
game over
you actually have three ways really yeah
right here right here
and hey let's just say I was looking at
these two multiple ways
dammit man six six games under my belt
the champion my control aim we got a
battle out it's three three six okay
let's say you get second place second
place just go boys give them that dance
oh
I think fire kicks has this one under
his belt I think Varghese one two six
six six
what if comebacks wouldn't come over
you're like oh man what is it I'm not
like Pablo when I look it up so it's
currently 537 a.m. I literally just
finished oh the Sun is slowly coming out
right now please go watch the new video
when I posted today at noon make sure
you give it a thumbs up make sure you
share it I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog come on here
