I don't want to drive today so I'm gonna
over everywhere
hi Fork ice yeah okay do i yes yes all
right guys so I just had some Chipotle
it was bomb as hell and now I'm gonna
tell you what's going down tonight so
big Shawn one of my favorite artists
he's having a meet-and-greet to promote
his new stance Sox at the Melrose shoe
palace so I was gonna go as a fan but my
homey Jeff who knows the people that
stands got me invited so I was
personally invited I want to thank Jeff
I want to thank stands for the invite
I'm gonna head there right now if you
guys do remember I did buy those Big
Sean adidas the Detroit player ones the
all red ones and that's why I have my
backpack on because I brought him with
me I want to get them signed and I just
want to put them in a glass case cuz
those that was my goal when I bought
that she was like yo am I gonna wear it
imma get them signed if it happens it
happens if it doesn't then maybe next
time and yeah man let's head over there
now it's gonna be dope man all right
pulling up guys look at this line
it goes all the way to the other block
is ridiculous we got this dope ass dance
car right here I'm about to get on the
street right now oh my get it stands for
bill alright guys so I'm inside now this
is where Shaun can be signing his
autographs as you guys can see boy so
with so much stuff yeah yeah I'm all
ready room hot pants and you sign it for
me
yeah
alright guys so I just got shot to sign
the adidas shot on my boy Jeff freaking
when I went up he's the reason why I'm
here so Thank You Man appreciate thank
you man we love you man you're good
thank you thank you man he always texts
me telling me like oh I saw the vlogging
showing off you really watch that shit
oh good what else man shoot Palestine to
expand your good whatever thank you
thank you
as you guys saw man Sean signed them for
me they said no signing shoes because
it's a sock event but he said he got
assigned these that was John's exact
words on shoes actually oh really
all right guys so finally walking back
home now we were eating at the Grove
after the Big Sean event and me Jeff his
family Kenny aka perfect pair his wife
we were all just there grabbing some
burgers it was a good day man
short vlog but it's a good day but we
still got a lot of more hours left yo
views from the 6 just dropped I'm
checking it out right now intro was kind
of skip skip to the next song we'll see
how the album is man I'm excited what up
guys so it is the next day it is a
brand-new date this is yeah so that was
a very important phone call from a
company I can't tell you guys but sushi
opinions opinions opinions on views I
read online that that album takes place
through the Toronto season so it starts
in the winter goes to the summer and
then back to the winter which is why the
album is so slow and mellow at first I
didn't like that I felt like the first
six or seven tracks would have been
tracks that are number like 12 to 13 on
the other album so I was kind of like
what's like what's going on and after
hearing it a few more times like it's
good it's really good it's a classic
Drake album like this is another
chapter to his legacy but it's not my
favorite Drake album and I'm not gonna
say it sucks because I don't obviously
I'm gonna listen to it and it's going to
keep growing on me but I can tell you
right now that it will not be my
favorite Jake album everybody has their
own opinion everybody has their own
taste just personally it's not my
favorite Drake album so yeah that's my
opinion on views and that's going to end
today's vlog because then I got to start
a new love for tomorrow you know how
that works so if you go to crew kicks
right now that hunter case sneaker video
is up so check it out thank you guys for
watching stay blessed have a great
weekend and peace we've even Lauri get
for you
