welcome back to many times father like I
dreamed of never seem to be bad you know
what it takes but I'll be waiting
waiting super really passionate in
overnight a fake it till I make it
thank you but hey a minute is it alright
guys so we just filmed a scene for
sneakerheads to be like special guest
number one woo went out what up make
sure you follow Kai's oh I'm supposed to
shout yourself out oh sorry
follow me Cousteau subscribe to the
channel see me on snapchat there's a
pair of shoes if you guys caught it that
was in the video that we're not going to
show you yet it's a special its he has a
review on it on his channel so if you
guys want to go check it out let's just
say he's gonna light it up with the
review here it's lit its lit you're
actually the first ever out of 5
episodes like special guests like me
from that's not part of the original
crew so you're the first
bless up we are chilling that Mac Park I
think we have a few more scenes that
we're going to film in a minute but
since we're here
don't play back school oh boo what is
that oh I want you
oh no about Duncan and easy clickbait
Duncan you let me down you can even
lowering it for you if you the NBA
player you Danny made an assist they'd
be like Oh
so we're playing horse and this guy's
hitting stuff that I can't even do like
how much push touch the backboard
all of a sudden ma ji
yeah
Oh guys I wish I was still in this game
yeah
what are you doing how to make a mess at
mag part wait a minute is that the plug
oh my god hallo guys I wish I was in
this game stuff okay
that's what you pick I missed it Bunny's
back well there you won't feel better
now me look nice yeah baby finger
fingers
oh he's gonna beat him at his own shot
the temple three-pointer Mahmood
brothers run this way we have it so guys
i'm vlogging with my big camera today
i'm trying something new i don't know
how i like it i feel like my head looks
smaller than the rest of my body in my
hair
mass shoulders yeah so I don't know like
psychics I like it alright guys so we
just came to the park to film some more
scenes for sneakerheads be like yeah oh
yeah what's it what's up are you the
guys with the I always worst kicks for
some Shalom yeah yeah hey we the one
that was exposing some of the fake
Newsies on meros yeah we always do this
oh yeah oh you yeah I didn't
recognize you very alright guys so we
just got home and I got this package
right here these are the sample socks
for the new dream crew lines no way yeah
yes way so we got three brand-new dream
crew socks in here these are coming from
overseas you guys going to see my
initial reaction so I've seen pictures
but the actual songs look like I'm
worried about how they look on feet the
packaging is the best part you sell the
packaging yeah alright there's three
different styles here oh cool the
packaging is sick okay so I'll show you
guys each sock this is the first sock
right here so we left this blank in case
people want us to sign it but dream ku
made by the crew for the crew all of a
sudden one of and then we're gonna
number how many uh how many there is of
each sock which I can't tell you the
limited this but let's go ahead and open
the first sock up this is the probably
the most high based one this one is
inspired by the Yeezy 350 pirate blacks
and it's supposed to have the EZ pattern
on it but you can't really see it so
that's one concern but
and I like it music there's a pattern on
there yeah there supposed to be a
pattern on here but you can really see
it maybe there's more okay what do you
think it's cool let me show you guys I
know on the back of the thing the back
of the sock is supposed to be like a
pirate black a full tab you know how has
that red algae so we did crew going down
and then on the front we just did the
dream crew logo with the oh seven okay
so that's the first one okay well this
one is designed by me but it was
inspired by the plug Jamie so this is
Jamie sock right here
it is called the plug and it is inspired
by Batman so as you guys can see right
here it says the plug and when they be
Batman what do they turn on the light
the light that goes shines in the sky
with the bat logo when you need the plug
you turn on the light so I'll get a
close-up with that you see the plug logo
shine and brian says the plug and then
on the back of the shoe we got that plug
emoji with the nike elite stripes kind
of looking like the wire but we kind of
wanted to be inspired by like the
classic Nike I'll leave look so we got
front and back designs on there I
actually like that came out dope I like
this one a lot I like him I like it the
plug yeah okay so that's the plug one
shout out the fire kicks and then my
favorite this one is inspired by the
life of Pablo and you guys know at the
end of every crew Kate's video I always
do the hello I love so I took a drawing
that a fan made and I actually put it on
the sock so this is the front and you
see me on the phone doing the whole
hello
and then told throughout the whole shoe
which pattern with the hello hello hello
Allah Allah instead of the life of Pablo
and it's just me on there so I got my
face on a sock so super exciting I think
that looks dope as hell I really like
the way they came out I don't know if
people are gonna wear my face on a sock
but hopefully they do but uh yeah
what do you think of this I like that
one the best I like you too good so now
we did that now I gotta try them on see
how the stretch is and see if we approve
but let me know what you guys think of
the designs of three designs if we do
release these how many of you guys would
capo alright guys so I just put them on
for the first time I like it there's not
too much stretch because awfully
obviously these these socks that we make
like the custom socks and all that stuff
even like the Nike versions when you
wear them they stretch out a little bit
but the color is really strong on these
they fit they as far as the thickness
goes they're kind of like dress socks so
they are very thin all right guys so I
put these ones on and it kind of shows
the print a little bit more when it
stretches out but it's still a little
dark but it looks sick as hell with the
shoes regardless I and the back of the
shoe like you see that print and goes
with the stitching on the pull-tab I
like this one actually alright guys so
I'm gonna call it a night here
fire kicks just dipped out we had a
great day of filming we finished
sneakerheads be like about 90% there's
like one or two more scenes that we need
to do this weekend and then it's going
up on Sunday as you guys can see from
the official countdown right here
sneakerheads be like we'll be up Sunday
May 1st 2016 the Sox
I talked to Farooq who's producing the
Sox and getting him fixed for me and I
talked to him about the Sox the overall
design is cool the only thing that I
want is the salt to be a little more
cushioned because I want it to be more
comfortable than just like a regular
dress sock so we're going to see what we
can do we're going to try to have him
ready by sneaker con and sent in the Bay
Area so he said it's all good we'll have
it done and we will go from there so um
I'm gonna call it a night like I was
saying got a few emails to reply to
tomorrow could be epic man honestly
tomorrow can be epic so stay tuned and
see what happens I'm probably gonna post
it on my Instagram before I you guys see
it in the vlog so follow me on Instagram
it's at tights Omar and it's in the
description down below
okay I'm rambling on too much now that's
it thank you guys for watching hit that
thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow I'm
out of here
goodbye peace good it's just this thing
right here it's kind of weird to me I
don't know if you guys can see it cuz my
nose is so big but this like little
silver random thing I mean it matches
the bars right here
