what's going on guys so today we are at
the mall someone's back in town
all of a sudden she's back so I've been
wanting a pair of glasses for a while
now you know I'm out in LA it's warm the
sun's always out so I'm looking at
glasses on the most expensive glasses
I've I ever bought our pair of like Ray
Bans and those are like 130 40 bucks the
person up now 190 190 for Ray Bans so I
want to kind of like you know step it up
a little bit i'm trying to get some Tom
Ford so i'm looking at options these
ones these are my first options I think
they took my face pretty good it's just
this thing right here it's kind of weird
to me I don't know if you guys can see
it cuz my nose is so big but this like
little silver random thing I mean it
matches the bars right here but it's
just kind of random as hell this is like
the most popular classes and I feel like
it's the most douche bag I don't I look
like a douche bag I know like oh these
are cool these are like half red at the
top with the hell then these are like
the douche bag style like worse where's
the middle right here all right guys
finally got a pair of glasses I went
with the Tom Ford the first one I showed
you guys may be issues someone right now
10 years oh she's no mine doesn't both
my outfit and shout out to the employee
my glasses were not supposed to be on
sale but she gave me twenty five percent
off anyway so I minutes I'm saying her
name I don't even think these are
supposed to come out till next month so
they got him here I like the way they
look I think they look pretty cool
everybody asked her I got my genes from
guys I got my genes from the store that
I'm at right now which is topshop okay
topshop summer 16 tour coming soon views
what's going on guys first things first
I want to say what's up to everybody
who's been saying that I've been wearing
the same sweater every single day and
you know what you're right and the
reason for that is because of this first
thing that I want to tell you guys that
you already know but we're going to
create a countdown for it this sunday is
sneak your head to be like part 5 I
created this little countdown right here
and every day this week on this vlog
channel I'm gonna give you guys an
update on how many days has left the
process of it and all that stuff what I
said and what you guys know already is
that we have film three to four scenes
in the bay area with Harrison swag I
know a lot of you guys have been
tweeting me saying you're excited and
all that so thank you for being patient
with it and that's also why I talked to
CREP on the phone this morning so I
might as well give you guys announcement
number two now
three two and one we made it guys I'm
finally getting a frame for my mattress
no I'm just kidding I'm just cleaning a
little bit so I got off the phone with
my friends at CREP protect today and we
talked about sneakerheads be like part 5
obviously they're going to sponsor
because they sponsor the whole series
not big deal the big deal is that
sneaker con is coming up in the Bay Area
next month as well as Chicago next month
so for the Bay Area show it is my
hometown the whole crew is going to be
there the LA crew the Bay Area crew
there's gonna be like 10 of us for the
Bay Area show I'm gonna have my own
booth I'm not going to be doing it with
crap so may 14 the crew is going to be
taking over sneaker con like I said
everyone's going to be there it's going
to be dope as hell so make sure if
you're from the bay area you come up to
Santa Clara let's talk about Chicago
because Chicago is the weekend after
that so back-to-back weekends on May
21st sneaker con is in chicago and i
will be at the crap protect booth so i
won't have my own booth at the chicago
sneaker con but i will be at the crab
protect booth at the chicago sneaker con
so if you are coming to chicago sneaker
con make sure you guys come by the kreb
booth I will be there as well as I'm not
sure I'm gonna take it with me I gotta
talk to the guys and see who wants to go
to Chicago those are two huge
announcements for the month of May Bay
Area sneaker con Chicago sneaker con I'm
there I'll see you guys there and now
time to do all this laundry alright guys
it's literally been like three hours
since i started cleaning and you know
what i said screw it i'm gonna go buy a
bit of frame so i did go actually buy a
bed frame so check it out guys um the
new bed frame is made out of champs
sports boxes and a laundry mat and we
are all done and
clean I'll keep it real with you guys as
today's vlog really did suck I really
didn't leave my room I spent all day
working and cleaning one day out of the
week is like this honestly one day out
of the week Monday or Tuesday usually
but tomorrow's going to be a great day
tomorrow we continue to continue filming
sneakerheads be like part 5 Thursday
will be a fun day because I'm gonna be
doing something I'm going somewhere to
get something I'll tell you guys about
that later but um apologies for this
vlog not being crazy with I can't even
talk right now I'm gonna end the vlog on
that note I hope you guys did enjoy even
though this vlog was kind of wack I will
see you guys tomorrow with another vlog
and I've run out of things to say he got
the authentic tingling right here and
then the whole damn show the whole show
i wish i had his picture on it i would
have bend over but
