free as a bird but no one knows you
exist they paint you as a perfect girl
make it hard to resist but I know you
live your life up in the shadow they
created maybe you smoke some weed love
to get medicated and honestly I don't
blame you let me see
that's dumb you'll probably wear those
like once and then sell them
so we just left Brown two and sold
everything
guys like Osho so close it guys decided
to up bring up this bad well I just hope
it does not hit those wires we're trying
to get he likes those little arms those
little bands are here so he wants to get
a shot going up you're a cheater as a
how you Joan this is how he gets his
drone shots guys we're off damn so dope
it's so cool watch out the car easy this
is so scary
I bring it now okay it's getting stale
that's as time goes by hiding behind the
veil you mentally feel frail cars
this is a really good quality rolling
the inside
kind of want to try it more
I like him with the Block in their eyes
you can't do no wrong and really how I
see it it's the same old song cuz
everyone got a past but that won't
last guys so we used I did some shopping
I bought some vintage shirts I got a did
you see the Batman yeah forgot what
I just walked in there randomly because
Jamie was trying to get out a girl she's
your friend
okay first of all I wasn't even supposed
to leave my house today I was gonna
spend the whole day at home editing but
this guy he's like yo just come out like
alright fine so just hang out at my
house for now they get out here it was a
day off too so I was like you know let's
just have a day where we don't do any
business no filming just hang out shop
eat I got an email reply to some emails
oh let me go here right now so I'm not
mentally I'm coming soon I'll be there
but I meant till he won't be there and
he gave me a free pin so he gave me this
free pin which I don't know Michelle
the girl said now but wrestlemania xix
dirtiest that's when the stone-cold turn
he'll supposedly work two cars i enjoyed
this this one just cuz I met him not
longer Rob Van Dam and he got that
authentic thinking right here and then
the whole damn show hold sure I wish I
had his picture on it that would have
been Dover but how much there were 40
each wow that's incredible and you're
dead stop he's not used yeah we gotta go
back there look that's my birthday
remember cuz I think my mom see me watch
it
oh yeah June 20th this isn't my favorite
Batman but I enjoy a lot of vintage
shirt shopping today guys
but let's go get some sushi all right so
Jamie's an expert on sushi I guess it's
got order three different roles nah way
go this one's really good I had one of
these it's California roll well I mean I
know it's the most basic one but
California rules what I'm coming a
little bit eating so I get California
roll a we got some kind of crunch on it
which I feel like I should have got but
then I don't know what this is and then
I don't know what that is so this is
fires oh I love me sue sue me sue right
so every time I guess we are best right
now I'm gonna be looking at some lenses
because I want to you know step up my
film game I'm trying to get more of a
movie type feel for my videos not my
vlogs my main channel videos so I just
made my first grown man decision I
opened up my first ever credit
guys I'm 27 years old and I just opened
up my first credit card what are you
filming Mike Goldberg said now he had to
get a credit card because he's asking
how good how good my credit is not like
it's it's very good it's a seven
something and he said I don't have a
credit cuz a month just get it cuz you
can pay it all at once and you bully
critic you wanna get the I ate and then
he was gonna splurge and get something
yeah wait oh this is the honey cake okay
let's do it again until we knock down
two videos we're on our third one in
less than two hours that's what happens
when we get together we just start
selling I can't show you guys guys
but yeah we're filming here today I just
checked yesterday's lawyer that's doing
amazing y'all loving perfect pair and
then I check my Mick yo my mix is that
three K just wrapped up shooting so let
me give you guys a quick update tomorrow
on crew kicks is going to be Jamie's
video how to spot fake sneakers Friday
is gonna be finally the hundred thousand
subscriber Nike ID for crew cakes so
that's what we filmed today this Sunday
this coming Sunday is sneakerheads be
like part five so we're six days away
from that May first
I believe it's may 1st is gonna be
sneaker head to be like part 5 and I'm
gonna finish filming that on Tuesday so
yeah a lot of filming going on like go
away so super exciting no collection
this week
well this is going on Monday so today's
okay Monday for them so you got to think
a day ahead so anyway that's it for
today
yeah Kanye was made that one watch this
watch this
oh they had fragments before fragment Oh
