he's back
6 6 6 6 all of a sudden 6 8 more days
not six it's a 6-3 6-4 days I'm excited
I was businessman I really booming they
really moving shots everyone supporting
back partner
get a shout out every time I got think
my people bro you don't really hang out
of the shoes they ever got you that had
G this is cute
oh boy anyway guys were gonna stop at
Chipotle because we are both hungry a
Rubio's hits the spot your honor and
this Panera Bread here so seen here at
it it's on you
I mean I'm down which Polly too but
Rubio's is real Turkey we have Panera
Bread of last couple of hours as you see
the troponin
I never out Rubio's let's do busy like
it's almost a Mexican food Cynthia
choice well yeah why are you going in
what I told you don't be racism I'm not
go I'm talking about the food source you
saying like if you come to mind - gay
Bob's right ok so we are almost at
perfect pairs house so um Jamie what up
y'all
what do you mean Jamie word I think I
was just want to see what you're
thinking what's on your mind
all this on a phone calls alright guys
so we are in the infamous sneaker room
of the man oh hey how's it going man
better get it again well this is the
first time I've ever been in here like
we spent the last like hour just looking
at everything and syncing it all in and
it's crazy because I watched most of
this collection on the nice kick sneak
peak and I'm seeing it in person so for
me it's like is dope it sounds like a
museum you know so so yeah and also guys
he did give me he gifted me a pair of
shoes I got to show you guys this I got
to make sure I'm ok with the camera cuz
there's some stuff we can't show you
guys so we got to make sure but he
gifted me these right here you want to
tell me what they offer the people that
don't actually made for Kobe if you
don't know to Google Google search let's
say let's just say this tag right here
this tag right here just gives you all
the info so appreciate it thank you so
much man this is I'm gonna make a full
video for this all Mike sneaker channel
crew cakes and um yeah man could to me
not give them to you yeah I appreciate
it cuz he told because he when I told
him I'm a Kobe fan he asked me like so
you real quick coach and I'm like yeah
he's like I got something for you I'll
go I didn't realize it in James like
damn I wonder what he's gonna give you I
was like what do you mean I thought he's
gonna show me something and he's like no
he said he's gonna give you something
else oh um I appreciate it man but uh
you got like you look can you give him
like at least like three or four
sneakers you can show them not not
something that you get in trouble for
but Wow little stitch 23 on the back of
a Columbia weight weighted those come
out 2014 Kenney 2014 that's when I
started collecting yeah but no um this
one here is pretty dope to it cuz I got
the adjustable toe box mm-hmm it's a
right size shoe only yeah you're only
gonna see maybe two or three other pair
of these in the world yeah
shout out to my homeboy Gerardo six for
this one gonna make Jaime happy
whoa boy so these are the DJ m101
both shoes are laser and the laser
differently yeah so you're gonna have
lasering up top different than the laser
on the bottom here on the front you're
gonna see a little bit a little bit
different on the front
with the debris is right below it and of
course on this side that says am no a.m.
on that side do that leather quality was
just amazing it's insane was almost like
a Gucci 500 game up on your letter you
know get your little game I guess
perfect pair or cheap early I'm on team
early team are we doing that you got
soul sauce here's an air maxes I find a
lot of people don't show that
appreciation to the Curry's nice yeah
love you love them but I don't know if
they really know about them to really
love them did I say they oh yeah am I
like yeah let's just take a moment to
look at his stance stock display by the
way guys look at this this is just
chilling in his house every morning he
could just come in and pick up very
promising yeah but you can see what
these are mag part as well we have his
stock is more than the bag parkland and
you definitely got these down oh yeah
they need to though these are oh these
are the ones that the legendary ones I
was telling him that I went to a sneaker
show last year and I actually bought his
socks oh it was crazy that we're I'm at
his house now I was like checking out
his shoes Jamie let you show us your
favorite sneaker in his collection right
now oh well I changed you leave my life
recently you're gonna go to the shoe
that you okay a shoe you don't have come
on make it exciting for the viewers
you've already done a full review for
the other you're gonna bust those I love
a shoe okay guys let's go peace all
right let's go
this is a remarkable 2003-4 I really
enjoy a shot like this this is one of my
favorite hands collection um this was
well this is a date not a big LeBron fan
but one
nice game this gum bomb the orange is
freakin insane and we have these
 can I show you
but yank you yeah let me see I gotta get
a close-up of that to fill that laser
tub that flagel oh it's hot hold on
I love the Yankee cutaway everyone knows
that it's stick remember that
was a - where's three here's a fire
 it oh good I said show one needs
only he's going and he's doing his own
segment hey George Irene I can't wait I
kind of get some shout out to some of
the a Maxima nurse over here on the
other side you're on the ever down there
baby feel like air force out here begun
for coming in here these babies
i doesn't know that and me guys enjoy
the hello can i show that uh there's
honor
yeah i look team early team of your ha
we know what you voted for the blur are
for to say yeah we like those yeah even
though we hate the I hate the Kobe 10 I
don't hate them I just know I'm cool
with the tents this is where this is a
dope boy yo can I show Michael Jordan
snow boots yes sir
okay sure the big bears this is what a
perfect pair wears when he goes anything
the talk should be shown yeah look at
these good good that fur on the inside
make me one go to sleep on this a
nice little pillow and he's just got
like Jordan's signature shoes chillin
like it's nothing here we're not
thinking about oh show the bottom show
the bottom Wow hero hero pack hello and
he's got the whole pack but we're not
gonna go into all that this is the shoe
that I said is my favorite right here
these buildings these are amazing to me
Missy this these these go for
Pope money bro I don't got no Air Force
Ones oh hey stick to what you know man I
will
stop stop stop stop this sorry look
fella the real Kanye fans know about be
right here real easy really
they're real easy right here Tran stick
to what I know stick to them
Serco nice that's a that's a thousand
dollars the Coney is it really sir
listen bro this is a mess the best -
that's the only in solos
that's the sodbusters oh wow only in
South Allison the Coney sponsor me honey
lamb and a half stuck your camera it's
crazy
wait love you a hit on this no I can't
even see these earlier looking at all
they want Kennedy use violence boys this
is the ring ceremony recent wedding
ceremony put some light on here ring
ceremony oh my god I sort of got if
Harris was here right now he would
divorce his wife and come he's like I'm
calling off the wedding
this reminds me of the dama was it
called the Gibson uh dunk mm-hmm for
some reason it does right yeah I got the
Friends of families one of this oh yeah
charts to mr. cartoon how many's why
shoes really nice to me
oh wait where's the you Demi Lee
splurged your pants on yeah the
Barcelona is all of us his here's a copy
for you whoo a big melzar Fuego worthy
let's just throw some nice those are
nice I love them
so this is what yeah top number five in
here in your chin you're totally this is
yeah it's definitely a fit but just look
at anything if it oh yeah
it's Lighting's darker yeah I know are
you the Chamber of Secrets man
hey a lot of people don't know what
these are I said ovation like happy the
Rockefellers they don't know what those
are especially with that double stitch
on it what is that I don't know whose
label is on
I'm no clue what kind a was made there
what what's this what's this oh they
have fragments before fragment Oh what
do you yeah they're just covered Sam
Tammy oh if you guys want to follow
perfect pair on Instagram I will link
him down below he best sneaker account
honestly in my opinion on Instagram
great pop Locker fragment some more
fragments with a lunar bottle damn they
used to use these for the cones to the
same time yes
but I'm new shipment just came in this
yeah I just bought all this today
yeah shadaloo chassis Rajee can't we
can't do nothing without this shoe being
so there's some chance to Louis out
there are you still messing them up you
see I hear
oh that's guy scattered already I kind
of look you want these now before they
want them you know kind of ugly yeah
come on man you gotta get in props or
dog shoes
alright come on bruh Kenny they may a
for all red joint that's dope no I don't
know you can paint it to all red it's
not better than that no of course not
all the five right boys damn 411 I still
do and this is for alive me let me color
women si todo all right so that's weight
on the front that's the best way on the
to my game is gonna pull out something
that's gonna make everybody if this red
was that red would've been great it's
bad as a nice fish you ever seen but
this is a Christmas
talk about Christmas 11 how we gonna
call you these days you said these were
gonna come out last year I did cuz the
Pantone came out the year before so I'm
like hey they're gonna bust another move
like that you see I've never seen using
him do you really see where I get it -
 alright guys so we just got six
perfect pair Stan's socks show them off
for his crew and he gave me a box for
the Kobe's
nice little look-see design box yes sir
thank you so much man we appreciate you
villa throw shock is not shade
so we just left Kenny's house man
super chill we watching you i watch my
first ever UFC pay-per-view believe it
or not though it was no the last match
so Mighty Mighty Mouse was pretty good
oh my anyway it was chill man I
appreciate Kenny for inviting us over
hope to come over again soon me and
Jamie on the way home and like yo let's
stop and grub let's try to find the
Chili's so we came to Chili's with only
some Chili's and uh and hang out all of
a sudden got a great day to their shark
any great person that's an experiment I
can't wait to people understand them
more without wondering each other yeah
this week we'll be shooting for
sneakerheads be like four five Wednesday
I'm shooting one scene
I think tomorrow but I'll end up doing
anything else I'll shoot some scenes
with Jamie cuz he's off to new mixtape I
just dropped it down below link below
I finally got my soundcloud back first I
was playing a mixed crowd and I got my
soundcloud back so I can go ahead and
fill my soundcloud some stands a chance
to SoundCloud whoa so go I need to
subscribe or whatever or follow me on
Soundcloud and I'm releasing a mixtape
every Thursday I didn't release the last
Thursday because Prince died I was kind
of sad yeah but yeah link down below
it's one to crazy dedicate to your girl
cheese which cries a lot of food but
it's kidding it
chicken wok see it sneakers like that
and stories behind them which makes
knickers that more enjoyable for people
like myself I told you guys the other
day that these sneakers right here even
though they're not limited or anything
like that will always stay in my sneaker
collection and will always be important
to me because my boy Adam bought me
these because I beat him in a little
challenge we did now those right there
they're important to me because again
they have a story behind them I was
gifted those by Kenny that shoe was made
for Kobe Bryant it is in my apartment
and it's chillin right there in that
glass case thanks to Kenny because he
was such a good guy that he gifted up to
me as a huge Kobe fan yeah man like I
said sneakers are not just about showing
off or they're not just about you know
having the best collection it's about
what is important to you and what makes
you happy you know what I'm saying so
that's going to wrap up today's vlog I
hope you guys did enjoy if you did you
know what to do man hit that thumbs up
I'm super tired I still got to edit this
vlog but I will see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog and I'm outta here
that's it I'm just throw you out the
window this time but least you had no
choice but to listen you would look up
to me shits in it but when you couldn't
make your decision so what it work
I guess it's saying that there was some
high frequency
