yeah hi did you find out if you're gonna
do it can you take me yeah yeah yeah
okay what's happening to leave
you're an extension of me you only see
what I see
truthfully I don't know if you could
live through my grief I've seen it all I
don't know if this is a bad idea yet or
it's a good idea yet but I'm gonna fly
my drone by the Dumbarton bridge and
they made this area really nice this
used to be all just like rocks and trees
and there's a little tunnel under here
under the bridge but like a lot of
graffiti and stuff we still do photo
shoots over here it's pretty cool so
they made this area really nice we
filmed a few scenes for videos over here
so the water is super dirty but uh if
you saw the nice intro for this vlog
then it worked
it is super windy and I've done more
thing you won't believe you had no
choice but to listen you would look up
to me shits in it but when you couldn't
make your own decisions so would it work
I guess it's saying that there was some
high-frequency magnet objects around and
it wouldn't let me find the compass
which wouldn't let me take it off I
think it's because all these freakin
wires and all this electronic crap going
on around this area so I didn't get the
shot I wanted to kind of sucks but it's
all good man but now I understand you
only cared about self I'm not proud of
anything you've accomplished and
everything goes to waste when you can
keep a fluffy promise and if you really
want me to be honest I have no problem
looking at you in the face of saying
that I made a monster
alright guys so I just got to the
airport two hours before my flight takes
off so that's good and bad it's bad
because I'm here early but I mean my dad
had to go to work so I was okay with
getting dropped off early and it's good
because I can get my editing done
because I haven't posted poo cakes today
and it's pretty late so I could just use
the Wi-Fi here at SFO and I just want to
say man just like going through my phone
and in text I got today I just wanna say
that I feel really blessed today to be
in the position that I am it's just
creating that because hard work pays off
and I've said this so many times I feel
like I say once or twice a week the hard
work pays off and I want to
just thank you guys again always because
I the opportunity I get it's because
your guys's support so thank you guys so
now let's try to get past airport
security
you're nothing to me go rest in peace
this has nothing to do with pride
nothing to do with honor I know I tried
but you lost in the water goodbye okay
so my plane is finally boarding they
made like 50 announcements regarding my
flight but I didn't listen to any of
them so I have no idea what's going on
and I'm just gonna get on this plane
figure out how I'm gonna do this because
I land at 10:30 I think or 10:40 and I
haven't uploaded crew kicks today so I
don't want to miss the day so I'm hoping
that I land and I get on the road to my
house by 11 and I get home by 11:30 and
upload ASAP and get that video up before
midnight I could then I'm gonna miss my
second day on fruitcakes and I don't
want that to happen
hopefully this plane takes off
I'm going in here in half hour so
fifteen
and I'm an extension of you but you
don't see what I see
so we landed
we're not moving
in the middle
or whatever it's called so that means
it's no Wi-Fi from LAX yet
we're just sitting here I guess I just
got off the plane I got to go get my bag
and start uploading I have about I think
40 minutes 40 minutes until I deadline
all right guys I made it I'm uploading
it says it's gonna be up in 16 minutes I
have 30 minutes left so we are
successful thank God I'm on Google+ with
the team talking about the tour yeah 14
more minutes
and we got one so even though the video
has been uploaded it still hasn't
processed so I'm just waiting I got five
minutes
oh it's processed this one you can be
careful I know you can put it there
thank you sorry it's a helicopter in
this thank you
you know those uber drivers that just
don't stop talking yeah one of those
tonight feels good to get that video up
on COO Kings I didn't miss a day the
weekend is here tomorrow's gonna be a
great day we're going to Kenny's house
aka the perfect pair he invited me and
Jamie over he's gonna show us some
sneakers he's gonna show us some
sneakers that I can't even show you guys
which is gonna be crazy so it's gonna be
a dope day tomorrow
alright guys I come home to a small
package but I feel like there's gonna be
something good in here
let's open it up alright I want to give
a huge shout out you guys already know
they're killing the game stamps socks
this was gifted to me by Stan's socks I
want to also thank the homie Jeff who
put me in connections with Stan's and
he's the reason why I got this care
package from Stan's and I want to thank
him for you know just supporting me and
watching the vlogs and you know
connecting me with all these different
people and thank you man so thank you
Jeff so let's go ahead and see what they
sent me
let's start out with this first one and
thumb Nas ok this is an awesome so as
you guys can see I believe that's the
Brooklyn Bridge I could be wrong we got
this dope ass and um Big Sean this is
the camo and you can kind of see some
barbed wire on there so I've got the
barbed wire Big Sean camo stand Sox I
don't know what theme this is but this
was pretty dope too as you guys can see
different patterns on there we already
know who that is b.i.g shout out to be
IG notorious b.i.g I like this one a lot
super simple and super dope can't go
wrong with the bandanna print paint
splatter
one I like this one a lot this one can
go with a lot of sneakers that I own
b.i.g shoutout to big biggie smalls and
then last but not these are fire as you
guys can see it's got that moon print on
it I like these ones a lot I like all
the ones I sent me do is pop this is my
favorite one just because it is a Big
Sean sock I was literally about to buy
this one when they dropped last week or
a few days ago thank you guys for
watching if you enjoyed hit that thumbs
up I will see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog sometime but now I gotta
edit this vlog so the grind oh stop man
