today's car is a Prius is it on oh cool
I'm surprised my car doesn't have a
backup camera can't go too fast with
this thing I guess I just left my house
about to go get a haircut from my homie
who used to cut me all the time I miss
getting haircuts from him I haven't been
to him in like six months so I'm finally
gonna go get cut from him so finally
this grimy meanness that you guys have
been complaining about is gonna go away
everybody gives the same advice they
tell me you can't be selfish in this
game of life does that mean the ones
that give advice just think about
themselves say that I'm the only one
that's gotta learn to sacrifice that's
right practice hard so you gotta compete
but sometimes you go and notice when
it's hard to see recently it's been a
lot more frequent taking things for
granted my voice they carry me then yeah
film your Instagram
scheisse man i chy triple-s
all right guys what's good today is
gonna be a great day I'm out here with
so dan the bay area medallion boys all
of a sudden Dennis Rodman s yeah that
just says here was Green yes for you too
also green 70 oh no don't ever touch me
let's just say 72 and 10 with the Bulls
Jersey with the Hat now you die new one
how do you feel about the Warriors how
do you feel with the Warriors I like I
don't like a war you hear yourself story
not on the games very anti warriors
watch mine tonight what no I don't want
your second oh you're singing solo man
look at this cute couple
okay so we're starting the day with some
olive garden before we start filming
we're gonna start filming sneak it has
to be like part 5 today everybody boys
there are lots hit Billy almost huh
everyone's hit a million so far on one
six seven or fours on them Sir
singers good oh yeah you're right yeah
yeah so we just went in on that alfredo
pasta so what'd you get the cheese the
real view on all of a sudden cheese
ravioli ass how do you feel about LeBron
in the playoffs oh sweet first round
hopefully put warriors again get that
Redemption and get that ring number
great
it's we're not giving so I feel you got
cuz I don't know seven you have a new
team every week Jim huh let's give a
real well I got going to say supper why
rush it I don't have the Warriors I'm
going to win if their help healthy I
predicted it last year if they were
healthy Oh a predictor they went to six
games without Kevin Love and Kyrie yeah
he's doing a sweep and no spaces no I
think they have no and I hope warriors
go to the finals what we do 1313 just
know so we're making at all last box
right now I can't tell you guys for what
oh this is about to end that's crucial
try to stack up at least n balls sorry
nails boxing you want ten straight up or
do you want five and five next to each
other the other way Aloha Aloha how's it
we have a hawk so the first team are the
first shot I'm gonna be like right here
as well as you can see in the phone and
that's maybe we'll start balling even
then we'll pause for when I start
talking oh you're gonna fill up your
whistle I feel like I see nice tat on
these hoes
shoot sneakerheads be like r5 in my box
for the Mafia and this scene obviously
five good thing I was recording that all
right guys he just took us like 35
minutes to film scene 1
we're about to go back inside shout out
to this guy right here he found us
what's up man are you doing okay
yeah think you see why man we just
chilling man
they're going up on the vlog yes the
Beauchamp the first special guests we
have for sneakerheads be like par 5
Ava how you feeling you ready to be a
superstar getting pounded yeah good job
alright guys so we just got done filming
for today's episode I mean that episode
for today's sneakerheads be like with
the bay area crew the rest of the video
will be shot with the LA crew so uh yeah
some people have fun hashtag verella
alright guys so yesterday on crew cakes
i showed you guys a pair of sneakers
that champ sports gave me these
Griffin's griffeys I mean and I don't
really wear sneakers like this so I'm
gonna give them away I'm here at sole
supremacy and I'm a posted on my
snapchat right now that I'm here and
whoever comes and gets these first can
have them so if you don't follow me on
snapchat make sure you guys do because I
do little spontaneous giveaways and
stuff like that for random times so yeah
follow me on snapchat you can use that
code right there okay so what are you
selling today so we got the wingus I
just bought for hype reasons a week
before they came out some taxi LeBron 9
elites yeah just a little extra cash in
our pocket let's go have some fun go 7
Pablo
I always get that close
dammit
okay this all the parts I have so I was
getting all right that's it there's
bought me these in in I got rid of them
when I needed money because move to LA
so I sold stuff no way yeah alright guys
this is the first guy to come so you
sleep in yeah it will make them look you
came in no shoes on he's gonna wear
mouth you know we're dimples cool damn
you guys are twinning yeah I'm on your
881 it's number one don't forget right
hey everyone thank you brother
nice to meet you man thank you thank you
yeah yeah somebody tell me please who
gets chocolate ice cream come Luis
shouldn't you not be eating that your
weddings coming up Oh hum I prefer
weapon alright guys so we are headed
towards San Jose right now we are going
to be linking up with the homie David
got kicks Nelson get in the bay today I
guess he has class but we're going to
the homie Bobby Machiavelli's perform it
to show I mean he has a show in Santa
Cruz so we're going to go show some love
because I want to see him and for him
and we got dead filming sneakerheads be
like the bay area part of it we filmed
like three scenes a film three scenes
the rest of the scenes are going to be
filmed in Los Angeles and like I said
early I'm trying to get some special
guests in there so we'll see what
happens but ever Harris is your area
just randomly do this
don't go mess around when people are
driving
you don't see this in LA
yea-ah hey Tiffany Tuesday what's up
Jamie what's up Jamie
David drop in sue okay so we walk into
this store I hear this homie right
what's good man
and tell him about the store yeah that's
not Oklahoma lolli fred wahl i just
opened a school day yeah ma'am check out
some of the dope stuff they got here I
really like these shorts right here I
know Alex was here the other day and he
picked up some stuff too so much check
out these shorts right here hi guys so I
got these black shorts right here what
kind of materials is this is like a
suede on shorts it's pretty dope and I
got these next level these are some like
Miami Vice type shorts right here you
know I'm saying for this summertime so
should our homies over here check out
the shop so
I'm going
guys when I show you fake Easy's I don't
do it to make the person look bad I do
it to knowledge you got education I get
so many d-ends I say this I get so many
DMS with people asking me if this
website which is selling easy boosts for
100 bucks it's a legit is I bought way
more than I needed I bought a whole
bunch of stuff from PacSun and I bought
shoes today about clothes today I got
some free clothes today
you know just stacking up on a whole
bunch of stuff I don't need he sees a
packs huh alright guys so we just got
the Santa Cruz at what is this place
called a little loose the catalyst about
to watch Bobby Makaveli perform with the
homie David what's up fam the plug Jamie
all is not I tell you the plug
David o outlet oh yeah outlet so he's
the plug you go inside him sound we
switch on sometimes it's going on
Oh
what you think
Hilda
is it
shut out man we got here a little late
but we came for the perfect song my
favorite song so it's all good I got so
cute but you know I like when your dad
shows up to your soccer game you
separate absolutely what I felt like
when I saw you guys oh I'm out
of breath what's up man oh I just so
nervous on camera oh geez oh all right
guys you were backstage right now and I
feel like getting on stage and rapping
what do you think we think of my float I
rap for David earlier got bars to my
leaving yeah we party Bobby hey Bobby
where's fluffy they say you're canceled
for the next show because your boys
gonna come freestyle for that ocean just
know hey we want to work on a track
together it's coming very soon just now
real soon all of a sudden oh yeah we
should hold it all of us all of a sudden
it's gonna be called a sudden all I
might even do a whole mixed egg
call yeah Bobby Makaveli you fill me
special times
yeah
alright guys so we are leaving the
concert now Bobby killed is a shout-out
to Bobby
see you later so we meet again drive
safe thank you I'll see you next next
next time it's been this one we drive
away with me
oh yeah we're leaving now we just had in
and out because I I'm not big as in
enough fan but his high hairs hopefully
I'll see him tomorrow I might call it a
night when I get home I got edit this
vlog gotta figure out what I'm a film
for crew cakes tomorrow good first half
of this nigga had to be like part 5 was
also the Venetian yeah we don't do
decent good scene so felt more when I
get back to LA and Mars my last day in
the bay I leave tomorrow night I missed
the ovo pop-up shop for the views which
I'm kind of crapped out about so if
anybody in Los Angeles has an extra
views t-shirt and wants to hook me up
I'll pay for it
our guys faces why any last words would
you go sleep posted rest in peace
friends in China
oh and China and also game losses game
losses what is a prince Dave Chappelle
basketball I never watch that oh my gosh
or watch it No
all of a sudden Casey knows that last
case right now and hope
maybe it's case
