so you guys are probably wondering where
I'm going right now
well I decided I'm going back home I'm
going to the bay for a few days
just want to see my family and I wasn't
really doing anything in LA this week so
I'll see you I'm gonna go to the bay for
a few days and also I'm going to be
filming out there because I want to make
sure Harris and swag are in sneakerheads
be like r5 which I told you guys in
yesterday's vlog that we're going to
start filming this week let's do it and
I haven't had breakfast so I'm going to
go buy some cookies or something or
maybe there's like something to eat over
here let's go well yeah bruh Burger King
Burt aw dammit longline no one ever said
Burger King for breakfast was bad
let's get it
all right we're home back in the bay
I can always count on this guy to pick
me up what's up come back to the name
alright guys so we're stopping at
University Avenue in Palo Alto because I
don't have a car while I'm out here so
I'm gonna rent a boosted board oh I
think I see nice that I think is right
there Black Diamond sports right
oh right
all of a sudden Casey knows their last
types right now and hope
maybe it's case hey mom
all right here is going to give the
booster to try
solid yeah get away from the sidewalk or
people you'll be fine dude it's like a
regular skateboard coat it's like on
this little thing okay yeah it's not
hard he's gonna run into the egg alright
so guys I come home and look what's
waiting for me I feel like Pablo Mar yes
oh not that event yet
I'm 99% sure that I'm going to fall off
this thing in this vlog but let's go I'm
going to show you guys something okay so
basically the reason why I wanted to
bring you guys here is because this
place means a lot to me especially this
basketball court right here which I
haven't been to in a few years every
single day after school me and all my
good friends would come right here on
this very court and play basketball
whether it was one on ones two on twos
one on one on ones playing 21s or five
on five full-on four in all-star games
we used to come here and we used to play
like I had so many memories on this
court right here this court right here
means a lot to me so if anybody goes to
this junior high Thorton junior high
school just know that this Court is my
court I wish I had a basketball to at
least take one shot here but maybe I'll
come back another day and do that so I
was sitting at home watching TV watching
the boring-ass playoffs because nobody
wants to watch the Spurs in Metra's play
and I was like you know what I'm gonna
go see if I can get into my old gym play
some basketball test out these cadiz
alright guys so I just got done hooping
and it felt amazing
I love playing here man I don't know
what it is but they're playing here I
just feel more comfortable than that
late cuz I don't know man I guess
there's different vibes
everywhere you go when it comes to
basketball you know I'm saying LA is
more about I don't know it's less
friendly than it is over here the people
in LA are just a little more like yo fu
I don't I don't know you so I'm not
gonna be cool with you but over here is
like anybody on your team you know just
cool as hell but yeah where the pot even
though the car looks like that I came in
yeah I come back home and I find the
weirdest things look how small this
Nutella is I can literally eat this in
like one spoon oh my god
this is crazy alright guys so this hard
drive right here has tons and tons of
old videos before YouTube so I made a
music video with all the Jordans I had
back in high school so this one right
here is from like my freshman year of
high school you guys will see all the
Jordans I used to have
that was the old retro box right there
hella trying to be creative at the
magazine that was a soul collector
magazine
okay the 20s I love those those are
Diller classics right there this is the
tens the chutney 2002 tens you never see
those anymore damn I missed those I had
bad that's the stouts and those white
and red one
those are the SE 20s right there I
remember those why are they in a freezer
okay those are the regular no no those
are the 19th my bed not the 20 those are
the 19th nice to hoop in the 19th okay
those were the Midwest 19th I believe as
I made the candles into a jump man the
dub-dub zeros the white ward of zeros my
go-to the third all those were the Mays
13th I believe those were soulless I
used to have all these Jordans
what did I do how I got rid of all of
these shoes like I'm such an idiot man I
should have held on top I'm a freakin
idiot
the ISO playing the mellows these are
David of shoes that was thus the only
good Melo ever had the headband with the
tongue
oh here's us playing basketball this is
funny that this one pops up cuz yeah as
you guys know I went to show you guys
that court earlier this is a commercial
we made on that court we made like a
Nike promo commercial
so that right there is honestly nothing
compared to what I have on VHS tapes all
the fridges all there was from when I
got my first laptop and I was able to
edit on a computer before that I used to
edit with two VCRs and a little control
panel that I could switch in transition
between two VCRs so if you guys want to
see all that footage I'll dig up those
VHS is from I think it's under my bed or
somewhere and I'll show you guys those
in tomorrow's vlog but let me know what
you guys think thumbs up if you want to
see that stuff if you don't if you think
this stuff was completely boring and old
and then a thumbs up anyway
