so today is a very special day as you
guys saw in the intro today is vlog 400
400 vlogs and I want to thank you guys
for supporting me for anyone who's been
here since vlog one thank you guys and
even if you haven't been here from vlog
one thank you today something crazy
happened when I woke up I woke up and
there was a blue checkmark by my twitter
name so basically I was verified on
Twitter finally man I remember when I
created my account for Twitter in 2009 I
used to tweet so much like ridiculous
stuff I only had like less than a
thousand followers and I love Twitter
I've always loved Twitter it's always
been my favorite social media app
there's like so many dope things
happening to me lately it's ridiculous
man and it just goes to show you man
hard work and dedication pays off man I
gave my full focus to this when I moved
out here in I have no regrets at all
thank you so I just picked up my package
from the post office because I was at
home last week about to go home and
change because I just got a call from
Jamie why is it so dark there we go
I just got a call from Jamie and he said
the game is coming to Mag Park to play
horse so imma go I used to rock all the
g-unit clothes in high school the market
go and all that stuff so I'm gonna go I
just wanna get a picture with him try to
get him in the vlog video tape him
playing horse with some fans and I don't
know if I'm gonna play horse with them I
want to but I think he invited like fans
through his Instagram so I think there's
gonna be a lot of people there so I'm
not gonna be trying to get in there and
ship we'll see
i'ma go
BAM don't even worry the Hat is hella
smooshed but it's all good
you see it 2088 alright guys so we just
got the mac park the plug like they
cleared off all the shoes from the wall
so time to deal with the falling today
because you know there's gonna be a lot
of shop going up guys look at these 2001
jordan Elevens cool greys like the the
whole Pat and other is yellowed it looks
gold this looks like a Ray Allen edition
I don't know he's retired so much but
look guys they have these early 220 I
already have them shot the fine line
call me a high beast but I just got me
some Yeezy season one the camo t-shirt
for a hundred bucks
I believe the retail on this one was
like almost 300 or a little over 300 I
can't remember but on a buck shoutout to
Mac Park
oh shoot at the same time
what up guys so as you guys can see I'm
home I had been home the past few hours
doing laundry cleaning I didn't really
give you guys a full look on the shoes
that Adam got for me because you know I
took the ball away from him but I did
get the KD elites and I don't really buy
Katie's ever but this was just such an
interesting shoe to me that I really
want to test it out and review it on
court so I'm actually gonna be playing
basketball in this later this week I'll
definitely be doing a review for you
guys on crew kicks and speaking of crew
kicks where 25,000 subscribers away from
200,000 when we do reach 200,000
subscribers I am gonna show you guys my
entire collection on top of that I know
I haven't shown you guys my hundred
subscriber Nike IDs for crew kicks also
I need to do a review on the Letterman
one so I got like three potential videos
four crew kicks that I need to do crew
kicks every day there's a new video five
days a week if you guys are not
subscribed to the crew kicks channel
make sure you guys do so I am trying to
reach 200,000 subscribers on that
channel ASAP my goal was to hit it
before the end of April maybe we can do
it I know we're halfway through April a
little over halfway through April so go
to that channel and subscribe I will
link it down below and other than that
man I want to announce also I got one
more announcement a lot of people asked
and when you guys asked I gotta deliver
so starting this week I'm gonna be
starting sneakerheads beautif starting
this week I'm gonna start filming
sneakerheads
be like part 5
and I'm going to release it by the end
of this month so stay tuned for that I
think we're gonna end the vlog on that
note a whole bunch of news and updates
for you guys so hopefully you guys
enjoyed it hit that thumbs up if you did
enjoy this vlog shout out to the game
for coming to Mac Park and playing horse
and letting me participate and me being
the first one eliminated
okay one last thing before I leave I'm
gonna always keep these shoes in my
collection because this shoe right here
represents my good friend Adam
he bought me these shoes to show you
guys that I'm always gonna keep this
shoe in my collection I'm gonna do
something thank you thank you Adam
it's not always about having the
expensive sneakers it's about having the
sneakers that mean the most to you and
the sneakers you like because the
sneaker heads you know sneakers aren't
just sneakers every sneaker comes with
the story Thank You Adam
and thank you guys for watching I'm out
of here
peace
