all right guys so mol flogs is in LA
right now we're taking him sneaker
shopping it's his first time out here
and I wanted to take him to Mac Park as
well but unfortunately he only has like
45 minutes to an hour until he goes to
the Lakers Clippers game so we decided
to do a quick stop in Melrose with him
people judging me in the comment section
right now for real man America meet your
next car wrap is going to be pink bear
oh I had the big brown book usually yeah
sisters part no this is the struggle of
making a YouTube thumbnail guys has to
be perfect oh angles k√ºbra so the
sneaker wall wasn't enough so we had to
go to the easy wall to get the thumbnail
yeah you gotta show me catching the
thumbnail bro bro y'all taking
thumbnails for the next level going on
all right what do you think of the rap
guys I just saw his rap bro that it was
crazy
I liked it it looks different you know
yeah did people hate on it yeah a lot of
people hated on it if they stand it you
don't understand the sneaker culture
this is like the hottest shoe in the
game and they have those like dole
things which I really want yeah thank
you got the cause yeah yeah the doll
what do you think mine's better or Ross
heads is better Hey
I didn't do anything supreme because of
him like if he didn't do that then I
probably would have done something
supreme but since he did that and it
wasn't super viral yeah so because I
think somebody else did it he was like
y'all don't copy me but shouts out to my
Man Russia we got to come to the bye
soon we're gonna link up with Moe later
because he's gonna go to the Lakers game
but he went sneaker shopping he went ham
and we got a couple pairs but they're
gonna help me get some more tonight
maybe or slightly maybe I'll let you
come shopping at my house in oh yeah we
could do that you try to fit a few
things in there Easy's the red Octobers
I want those those are actually a ten
and a half yes yeah you could try to try
them all but I don't know if I'll sell
those all right guys so the vlog kind of
started out of nowhere I know that we
went to cool kids real quick to go shop
with Moe blogs but now we're gonna do a
proper intro so we're on Melrose it's
already like like 6 o'clock night spok
o'clock I don't know what time it is but
it's pretty late we're starting the vlog
late but I literally just texted Mickey
and I said where you at cuz I wanted to
go to Burbank Mac Park cuz I had to pick
up a check but he just texted me and he
said I'm at the new Melrose location so
i'ma go for the first time and see the
inside of the new Melrose mag park you
know I'm trying to get a percentage of
the company you know I'm saying so we're
gonna go check it out I'm gonna go see
what I like it try to control it you
don't say because I if it is my sneaker
store or if I have a percent of the
sneaker store you know I'm gonna have to
make some exec exec executive decisions
so let's hop in the car and let's go to
the I mean it's not that far but I'm
lazy so let's try
and all shoes right here yeah so we're
going to install a ladder so floor to
ceiling - when you walk in and you see
this and it's like really dark and then
we're gonna do this big like neon mag
part logo so I know it's kind of dark
right now by they got a Tupac mural on
the backside alleyway of the new mag
park so this is holistic
read Elevens these come out when
December 10 December 10 I don't have a
pair yet I'm not really rushing to grab
a pair and see what happens but they're
pretty sick I like these ones a little
more than than the Navy pair but it's
funny because Kenny perfect pairs had
this shoe for like three years or two
years he has actual the actual shoe that
it was based off of which is the Carmelo
the Jordan 11 so Shanti Kenny
we need to get him in the blog soon so
if you're watching this Kenny we coming
over dude they're so comfortable like I
was the first time I had a pair of the
wrong one yeah mine rip that's what
sucks they rush no way I took so long
yeah I got my sneaker called London shoe
now
I feel like we have the whole journey on
the cloth dude he sends you the hurt son
feel like you've documented it all
pretty well all right guys so we're back
at the crib now you know I'm saying why
I gotta show you guys some sneakers
because I haven't really been vlogging
the past couple days
obviously we'll get into these I'm gonna
show you guys a good in death death
depth
yeah depth look at these pick these up
oh yeah
pick these up in San Diego they had him
at Foot Locker been waiting for these
these are the wheat Jordan ones now like
I told you guys in last vlog I'm not a
Timberland guy but this is like the
signature Timberland colorway and it's
on the Jordan 1 so this is like my
Timberland substitute for the wintertime
Jordan one they did it a few years ago
with the Air Force one all honestly they
overplay the wheat colorways these days
on sneakers but a Jordan 1 wheat hasn't
been done yet so I had to cop it I'm
still trying to decide though flat laces
or row places I think I'm oh I didn't
know that's what you were asked and
thought you're asking for the picture no
no wow yeah I like usually they butcher
it and they'll do something like they'll
release this but then they'll put like
the jump man on the tongue they did the
nike air so they did a perfect job on
this very very satisfied retail boys you
already know what it is hashtags retail
boys coming back at you is it read news
resale on them know is already selling
what retail boys now this one you guys
gonna be like why did you buy this you
already have this but Under Armour
decided to release the championship 34
separately from the past and the reason
why I bought a second pair was because I
told you that I was never gonna wear the
one in the box set because I want to get
those signed so I got one that I could
wear and then I was like there has to be
some differences between this one and
the one in the box set and I looked and
I looked and I'm like damn it literally
is the the same shoe until this right
here this little gold tab this says four
and in the curry logo the one in the box
that says we back that's one difference
so this this is actually the second
version I guess but this version will be
worn the other ones not gonna be worn
hopefully I get that signed I mean like
retail price is only 1:30 and then
another retail pick up all these
retail this one was a surprise cop this
was a surprise w I went to the growth to
buy the wheat Jordan once and they
didn't have them but they had these on
display and I was like wait do you have
a size 10 and they're like yeah we got
you so they came out with them and I got
myself a dorm Becker Pam Doernbecher
Jordan 12 honestly not too big on this
colorway but it was in retail so I
copped it I'm most likely I'm gonna I'm
gonna sell these on consignment at Mac
Park but I bought them because they were
retail and I just I like it a lot I love
the upper I love the black new book I
love this I love this it's just a pink
and I know it was designed by the by her
I just it was designed by her okay so I
understand the colorway but for me
personally it's just like I can't rock
it so I kind of feel bad reselling it
too so what's resale enough they're not
going for that much so it's pretty cool
though like I love the metal detailing
right here like you don't see metal on
the Jordan 12 in those areas you do see
it here time to time like I love that I
love how they did a piping between the
lines on the on the 12 right here
obviously I love the pizza lock like
that's why you wanted the same that's I
love the laces it's like free laces like
there's a lot of things I like with it
but I just like even that like that's
the hope but I just I can't well I I
don't see myself wearing this maybe play
basketball in it but the pink is hard
yeah the pink is hard I love how it says
hope right here like it's a really dope
shoe honestly yeah I'm like thinking
about it yeah those of is just the just
like smell oh yeah but yeah maybe I'll
just keep it in the collection to have I
feel bad be selling a Doernbecher so I'm
either gonna keep it or I'm gonna do a
giveaway later on but as of right now
I'm gonna keep and hold on to them those
are my newest pickups let me tell you
guys what's going on with life right now
Achmed unfortunately will not be going
to sneak a con London or Berlin Berlin
taking some stuff out to figure out back
in Italy so can't come to those to New
York I'll be there because you don't
make me come in fan so yeah he's not
gonna be going to London and
leave Thursday to London for sneaker con
this weekend it's gonna be crazy I'm
gonna be releasing a collab with CREP
protect for sneaker con London if you
guys know CREP protect actually started
in London so it's like the hometown of
CREP and we've been wanting to release
this for a while now originally it was
supposed to drop at complex con but then
it didn't happen and now we are dropping
it at sneaker con London it is the CREP
protect x dream crew collab I can't tell
you guys too much about it it's not the
CREP wipes that we already dropped this
is something next level and maybe in the
next vlog or two I'll be able to show
you guys images of it because I haven't
even seen images of it it's very very
dope and for the people who won't be
coming to sneaker con London it might
release in the future online but as of
right now it will be dropping at sneaker
Con London
hint uh-huh box set alert so yeah so
that's what's going on other than that I
want to give a huge shout out to
everybody who purchased something over
the weekend from Black Friday all the
way to cyber monday on dream crew calm
we had close to 1,000 orders you guys
you know cleaned out everything that we
had if you guys know this was a sale to
get rid of all the leftover merch from
the past two years I was just been
sitting in our warehouse and we sold it
for dumb cheap like five dollar hats $10
shirts $15 shirts $20 hoodies for the
majority of everything is pretty much
gone so thank you guys for copping that
stuff some of the new merch that I'm
working on they're all collabs just
because like I'm working with big brands
and other things come in so stay tuned
for the new merch drops if you guys
don't already follow my dream crew merch
Instagram account I'm gonna link it down
below I'm gonna do giveaways on there I
still have to do this giveaway which I'm
it made fun of me for the BAE phone case
I need to do the giveaway for this so
I'm gonna be doing that very very soon
on the dream crew merch account I will
link it down below you boys getting
tired so yeah I talked for a very long
time so we're gonna cut the camera real
quick but when I come back I'm gonna
show you guys a detailed look of these
which pretty much is gonna be the next
scene so yeah let's just go to that okay
so I'm literally in the same spot except
I'm sitting down right now we showed you
guys these earlier
some HD shots that Krista airmax 1 / 97
this might be the most hyped or Most
Wanted airmax
of 2017 so for those of you guys that
don't know Sean he won the contest that
Nike had earlier this year the actual
release date for the shoe is in 2018
during airmax day week or whatever it is
I don't know the exact details but I was
blessed with the pair of so shout out to
Sean for blessing me with a pair really
do appreciate it I was actually really
really really wanting to get a pair of
these like actually seeing it come to
life is very dope and it's also very
motivating to see someone who he's known
in the sneaker community he has a
well-known sneaker store so it's dope to
see someone who comes from the culture
get their own sneaker so it gives me a
lot of hope that one day I'll be able to
have my own sneaker collab as well on
the inside of the box you can see more
air right there like the corduroy Nike
hats of the 80s that inspired them they
are made to wear and design to fray the
more you wear them the better they get
here are the shoes which we showed you
guys I'm very very excited to get these
like I've been looking at prices of
these I've been seeing pictures of these
I've been you know obviously paying
attention to SH on social media and
seeing him like post them non-stop and
beat up his own pairs and it just made
me want them more and more and I'm
finally able to you know own the sneaker
so shout out to Sean again for
surprising me I didn't even know I was
gonna get one but he just literally like
hey what's your size and then I was like
10 and then I was like yo Chris start
filming cuz I think I'm gonna get a pair
and I was very very excited when he
handed me the pair hell yeah man I'm
taking these to London and sneaker
kaanum wearing these hopefully nobody
else has these on with me it's like a
lot of my sneakers like I like the way
they look when they're little beat like
some shoes you got to keep them fresh
but then some shoes they actually look
way better when they're actually worn
and they look beat and this is one of
those shoes that you got a beat I know I
already showed you guys like HD shots of
it and all that but basically they come
with two different or three different
laces or four laces if you count the one
that it's that's on right now tongue
right here it has a wave patch but this
patch is obviously a patch for a reason
it's a remove
Nike swoosh under one of my favorite
things about the shoe is definitely the
inside of the shoe because he did a full
velour inside from the sock liner to the
insole straight velour baby blue with
the little happy face right there with
the Nike mouth have a Nike day on the
back it says VA - LA has that upside
down yeah VA - LA with the denim on
there very nice also it does come with
this little patch right here I believe
Sean said that he put this in there just
because he wanted people to be creative
and kind of see what people decide to do
with this I don't think and I've seen
anybody else actually you know iron this
on to anything kind of want to iron it
on this bag right here it also comes
with a corduroy dust bag so it would be
pretty dope if I just iron it on there
and you know but I mean that's the right
logo to put on there so this is the end
of the vlog honestly don't even know how
long this vlog was I did start it a
little bit late in the day but just a
quick rundown of what's going on with my
life I need everybody to listen right
now because this is very very important
right here I'm gonna make a bold
statement and I'm gonna say something
that I am going to either really regret
at the end of this year or I'm gonna
look back at this and say like damn we
actually did this 2017 has been a
blessed year for myself and for the crew
for you guys one thing that I really
wanted to do this year and it was one of
my biggest goals was to reach 1 million
subscribers now at the pace that we are
going to this statistically we are not
bound to hit 1 million subscribers this
year but I've always been against facing
my odds I've always been against you
know conquering what shouldn't be
conquered and I need you guys's help
because I want to hit that million
before the end of the year and I'm going
to grind my ass off to make sure that we
hit 1 million subscribers so I'm gonna
set the goal right now and I need your
guys's help we need to hit 1 million
subscribers on this channel by December
31st I won't look at 2017 as a failure
because I've done such so many dope
things and we're going into 2018 with so
many more goals but this goal right here
is like if I don't hit it by the end of
this year it's not gonna be as important
to me anymore
to be honest with you guys like I'm just
being honest like I want to hit it this
year so what I need on your guys is in
like I'm gonna do my part I'm gonna try
to create the best content I'm gonna try
to bust my ass and upload as much as I
can with great content as far as what I
need from you guys is I need you guys to
just continue to watch and support and
that's all I can ask for you guys I have
the most important step which is to you
know create the content and make you
guys hopefully you guys enjoy it so you
know even if we don't hit a million
subscribers I am still so grateful and
blessed to have every single one of you
guys let's still try to hit that million
subscriber mark alright guys I'm out of
here thank you guys for watching dream
crew I'll see you guys very very soon
with another video I'm out of here
dream coup all of a sudden yeah bye
