now Adams apartment and I'm bout to
knock on your door can't wait I don't
even know what you in G I'm a ninja
that's no big thing
whoa what did you guys do last night you
guys slept on the couch together okay
editing is that what they call it these
days all right guys so we're going to
get some Cheesecake Factory now
hopefully there's not a long wait Adam
said it's right across the street we
walk outside and it's like a mile away
I'm not from here so I don't know where
anything is that he's used to walking
man cuz of New York see how here in
California we were everywhere episode
we got a workout I guess you're right
alright guys Cheesecake Factory was a
great success
good food good convo came up with a nice
Frank idea that Adams gonna pull on
offense mom so we're gonna go do that in
a little bit how do you feel man you got
a few more hours in LA I feel great man
you guys gotta comes to new yeah I never
come to the usual what see you sooner
than you think oh I know we aren't even
coming to you come on you didn't crazy
or shit use the wall as a guide oh this
is scary
you don't have to do it okay you give me
a camera that's not as easy as it looks
look it's gonna heights but I have
balance let's do it then you're good
that should be good you okay it's scary
I don't know what we're doing get ready
Kevin Durant yoga you don't use the wall
as a guy a Oh bro what are you doing all
of a sudden all of a sudden fire kicks
about that balance all right come back
now
yeah give me channel guys don't have
YouTube friends
sing it alright guys so we just got to
Santa Monica it is freaking hot right
now but feels good out of it was so good
we're missing
good we're actually gonna go ride some
bikes what we're gonna go see what
options they have we wanted to do a
three-person bike just for fun but I
don't think they have that so we're
gonna get a two-person bike in a single
bike and then just switch off and just
have a good time and maybe see if I can
find a boosted board out here you know
yeah that's not a booster board that
sounds like yeah it looks like it but he
has a wire to it they got the double
bike going on super sexy look at me I
got the low rider hey we bout to have
some fun man joining runs on it's pretty
cool
you guys ready see you guys you guys are
a cute couple first day to be like
alright guys so we just got done biking
it was really fun it was a good exercise
Adam crashed I didn't get it it's on
whose channel is that gonna be on yours
this one when you fucked me he jumped
off he tried to stand on the double bike
you didn't hold me right I didn't hold
him right cuz I was turning and he fell
off but it's on his channel if you guys
gonna go watch it I'll link it down
below now we're just gonna walk the
boardwalk and get some dessert and just
enjoy the last few hours of the day
before Adam has to head out
all right so the Santa Monica Pier
people's the cops right when I put the
drone in the air he's like y'all take it
down and then he came and he showed them
a sign that said it's didn't no way
they're double flogging over there ha ha
I don't just walk to some random guy
with the camera and say hey T of a vlog
channel but anyway yeah met Santa Monica
police were trying to hate on me they
were making me bring my drone in and I
brought it in for a nice clean landing
though let's just say expert mode expert
he's asked for another it's again oh no
for the ground guys about to go oh you
gonna take these shots yeah alright
let's do this is that practice sure
so good others in life
Oh
okay yeah
you win a fish make one more alright
guys so we are on the way to LAX to say
goodbye to Adam it was a pleasure I
don't want to say is I'm your company
guys I'm gonna watch it you guys have
been like amazing thing got so much for
you know humbleness had sweetness manly
thank you
definite when I'm back we will kick it
and we're gonna do some crazy stuff hard
to come to the East Coast
no no I want to come and I want to cover
you guys came randomly like a week ago
we booked our tickets to LA I'm like
alright hell yeah
but I want to thank you guys man just
like you know we get closer and closer
every time so and we sleep together like
in the same bed yeah like you guys did
last night we just cool just telling my
stories like yeah but yeah man lax is
hectic right now but it's all good
we'll see him next month for sure I
don't know maybe just one night only
yeah alright guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow because I don't think I'm gonna
vlog for the rest of the day cuz I'm
probably just gonna go head home after
this any last words for case what you
gotta say good night let's just say I
just had a day job move this moment
22nd
Oh
