alright guys so Adams gotta go take care
of some business so I'm gonna be reppin
New York and taking his spot today I'm
gonna make you proud I'll be talking
about I'm like you proud to do it means
the lapis guys I got a shuttle on the
last time you know done we're gonna be
shit I'm not gonna be shootin when you
were gonna shit together yeah anyway we
bout to go hoop right now and I'm
waiting for the brothers to come out of
it while gee they're probably like prep
talking to chili trying to figure out
how they're gonna cheat and how they're
gonna hurt me and go for my knees or
something but you know we don't win
because that's what we do out here on
the East Coast
oh you know why well you live here I
mean I Harris so here's a Harry I need
Harris all right but you guys gonna lose
one directional hook but you guys know
I'm a but I'm out here trying to support
you in New York you're here telling us
that we're gonna lose we don't need him
yeah he sucks it up he'll play ball a
Steiner shown that Jersey fam a small
ship old Rosina street ball
number 10 damn cigar shoes man oh yeah
Easy's over here they're openin Easy's
huh I've made you ready fam you ready
Lucia East closed flavor oh I can't with
these slippers G all right guys we got
the ball out right now um means I'm
about to do work on these kids something
for the kids I'll give you something for
the kids
all of it blood I've been feeling under
Brady tonight I said if I'm the greatest
but I'm better than the up-and-coming
ladies happy one anxious to fit the
patient's inning with a dime calm place
no basics and listen don't beat so I
figured I would Grayson night putting
dollars and plans like greatness fucker
you can hate this we got me teen pizza
dough to the e to the T we gonna put a
little passion over everything see Emily
before I die for it anything my ex had
lots of a wedding right then she left me
that's upsetting man I love really tried
says mother you come first it'll be okay
up through the words that a guide you
let it guide you when you feel it inside
you just five bougie god I be all up in
a moving the Sun like it's written the
summer
I
Hey - like everywhere I go everybody on
a phone
LT with vibe feeling like I dive alone
and I don't know what's going on feeling
like things is changing and I can't do a
single thing about it but embrace it and
the way I see it cuz II I was born in
Manny's baby before it was
alright guys so we lost but it's all
good these guys had too much chemistry
for us you know means them it's our
first time playing together tires seems
a little out of shape I'm out of shape
too good thing I like my what do I like
I salute her I like walk ice is that he
doesn't make excuses unlike that dude
right day today it wasn't built for this
yo I said the boss sucks for that we yes
you think I've spilled my shacks it's
fuckin goin bro
hi guys so we are at Nike now oh I
really like that mannequin what do you
weigh we're just like any other huh it's
really really foggy yeah block check me
out crew kicks alright guys so we are at
90 right now we're gonna walk around the
girl for a little bit just chill
what's that like what's your brother's
name we left us watching him whine gyg
left we're gonna put slip to the
ultimate test to the basket ball
handling games yeah awkward
ain't no challenge going up in a cheetah
today bro it's all good hands when you
had a real ball
alright Adam we didn't get to see you
ball today fam which is what they missed
out on shown that East Coast Love
oh-o-oh
ooh I don't know here
an hour in a 30 second alright a 30
second you're kind of hot
let me wait hold on let me get the timer
going
okay ready set go
20 seconds oh yeah seriously this is red
oh my got it whoo now I'm not gonna make
you buy now no no no no no I don't want
either one I don't wanna I'm not gonna
make him buy me no no no I'm not gonna
buy it I'm not gonna buy no no no
neither any other things no no I'm like
a vice absolutely no I don't wanna I
don't wanna I don't wanna
no no no no I don't want to sweat my guy
so I told Adam I don't want the shoes
you know we just did it for fun but his
guy's insisting on buying the shoes I
don't want them I don't know I'm trying
to tell them not to get them
you don't we're taking pictures you need
telling me not to not get it but I'm
saying about unfortunate because I'm a
man of my word
know that man I know that one now you
got something remember me with your
memory obviously i'ma call needs to
Adams the New York Adam you look like
you about to be in a play right now oh
you're not about it fab take your shirt
off
hey he's about it all right guys as you
guys could tell it is currently
nighttime it's like 9 or 10 o'clock I
don't know I wasn't feeling too great
today man kind of just been in the house
past couple hours you know Adam insulin
mister last day in LA so I'm gonna go
hang out with them at their apartment
right now and you know this is the last
day here so I don't want to you know
just trapped myself in the in the house
I'm gonna go show him some love hanging
out with them for a little bit you know
I keep my circle small man I keep my
crew besides you guys like the my actual
friends and stuff I want to say man I'm
really proud of these guys Adam slim
Hoffman yg you know I like to surround
myself with people who want to be
successful and you know who are
motivated and I think you guys should do
the same man I think you guys should you
know cut those negative people out of
your life
and just surround yourself with positive
energy so when I hang out with these
guys meant it's always positive energy
you know I always want to see my
homeboys succeed it's never anything
about jealousy or anything like that man
so I'm really proud of Adam you know he
just hit a million subscribers on his
vlog Channel and he has a million on his
main channel
and then I thought the feds were coming
for me in your slam on both of his
channels you got a honey cake each so
it's well deserved man because I know he
stays hustling and then Atman and yg
they're about a little over a year in
they already hit a honey cake so proud
of those guys - man like positive energy
rubs off on you you know I'm saying if
somebody else is out there grinding
you're gonna get motivated and somebody
else is out there and they're lazy
sitting on the couch you go and join
them right there you know I'm saying so
that's it so I was just giving you guys
a quick little talk man all right guys
so we are over here at the apartment
right now chillin slim is the biggest
YouTube fan I couldn't he subscribe to
more people than Harris Harris subscribe
to everyone and I put your favorite
youtuber other than like don't say one
of us which is there is no I'm very you
tuber honestly writing yeah that's a
buddy right nigga I haven't watched him
for like two years
I don't know I watch it we really I
don't what about you okay is who you met
today guys Alex I love super moon la I
also like come on Ike EVP totally happy
how do you met him but then before yeah
yeah yeah who do you like who do I like
other than meat man Casey nice dialogue
case and I said and I like like though
it's this YouTube channel called what
cost what culture WWE it always watches
normally you're wrestling yeah like the
wrestling yeah I mean we view a wrestler
of all time
yeah ball to the rock all right yeah
other than him I really like I like so
Colin over towards yeah go for you over
there all right guys I come here man I'm
trying to eat healthy these guys bring
me pizza what is this man I miss cheesy
bread all right guys so we demolished
this pizza right oh you're vlogging
Oh does this but alright guys so I'm
gonna leave I'm as a walk here I hope
you guys enjoy today's vlog shout out to
these guys for coming to town they're
leaving tomorrow so shout out see you
guys always showing us around and any
last words
any last words next time and I gotta say
is one not only coming - oh yeah when I
own this one night sleep what a night it
has really like hot since a man had a
dopey sandwich guys even though I was
not on my game today because I'm at a
shape that's my problem it's not excuse
I know I feel he's out of shape guys I'm
serious I know I feel you I feel you
don't worry brought those stress I'm
great ball player you know but sometimes
in life you just whatever yeah guys love
you I can watch y'all love y'all
I'm see outs - definitely do you see
them yeah you have any last words until
they see you in like a day see you guys
tomorrow
yeah let's get right into the news
that's how it's done huh dance uncle
right how to be a high G sneak ahead you
got about good camera yeah what is that
bye
