what's good guys so today I'm in Burbank
about to hit up back part to meet up
with Jamie because he got me some in and
out well I don't like in and out all
that much but the fact that they don't
have ranch is what makes it even worse
for me but it's all good so I'm gonna
eat because I'm hungry
yeah just gonna hang out for a little
bit them and head back out to the LA
area and link up with Ahmed yg slim and
Adam are in town to so we're gonna have
some fun let me see all four levels
there's not a lot not it into right now
I'll do it right $25 damn all of a
sudden these are hyped
nobody wanted these like a week ago
thanks for the in and out fam you never
know who walks in we got time I have a
special crush right up behind the scenes
of what temping our pictures of
character are we doing a photo shoot
already the man himself
okay no I thought it was all self-timer
banner in your about revolution as a
gamer oh you make me feel like you're
gonna do a handstand or something thank
you everyone
yeah you're fine but you probably see
this in Vallejo I know I was like oh so
that's her sir I thought it was the
whole turn come on man
laughs watch the kid work
that's not much concern tricky trick oh
it's a trick it's all in the remote how
about a drum my whole life I've been
doing this thing right here I've been
like chatting keep my leg yeah yeah for
like ten minutes I look behind
that's how it's done there's uncle right
how to be a high G sneak ahead you got
about good camera yeah what is that by
MC 5d yes that's good for video - I knew
I need upgrade part 3 of course
understand this is the Tony walks around
with ya oh wow
that's insane he's your look
alright guys so we're out here chillin
I'm about to play 21 with these guys
right here y'all wanna say what's up I'm
sorry that you guys got to lose today
but
yo these are hard right here you know
it's a special edition boost when they
got that different tongue on there I
don't know about these though I don't
like this it reminds me of some rotten
mustards deleted now but it was some
dude at the end Ian said your picture of
release of shoes and all this bullshit
yeah it was him
so somebody DM Jamie trying to hook me
up with 81 point game
Kobe's and Jamie gave him his number and
then that dude posted his number on like
a Facebook blog so people Jamie's
getting mad texts if he gives you his
number something it's out of respect man
you guys gonna be childish and shady
just cuz it's not just now we know who
did who did it yeah like we got tech
somebody was cool enough in the crew I
don't want to say his number or his name
but he was like yelled at on this
Facebook group and someone put it up and
it's fucked up if we I'm actually cool
about it I'm gonna changed my number but
that's what the guy that sent you the
original DM just lost his ass but anyway
hello I'm trying on these used oxford
hands because mine is a nine and a half
and they fit a little tight so I want to
get a size ten so I was gonna slowly
well who the fucking shit deleted yeah
especially me I try to keep it cool
reply to all the snapchats and all the
comments but she like this will pisses
me off and away just cuz we're not
trying make a big deal of it man we're
not here to blame you guys so don't take
it the wrong way we're just letting you
guys know man like if we if for some
reason one of us if he gives you his
number because obviously he does like
legit checks and he works at a sneaker
shop you know don't abuse it you know
what I'm saying so
anyway where's that faces
- hahahaha
he was like what do you do Michael we
do' ha ha I'm like what he's like you
could do a review you can take a bow I'm
like alright guys so I just came to kick
it with these guys and they ended up
pranking me man
we actually yeah as you say this is AG
808s and heartbreak
oh hey the public uptick you know I feel
like what we've just drawn Adam got the
kick game these are other than the nice
video he said the time lines come on fam
that's funny Warren Space Jam nobody is
filling up now you will know anyone
after you want actors you know say I'm
talking about a gamer stole a shoe in
the bedroom yeah let's just say what us
we're gonna go from a sneaker challenge
and I've put with him oh it was terrible
terrible that hurts
no shit I saw you the last few game
radio no hell no let's see Lexie cheated
last number door stops then I met hook
the November okay I don't know about
that yeah
okay so last time we did watching for
side and then we did slip first uh so
this time we're going to put them in
steep so we're going to switch it up so
we're gonna put I don't know we're gonna
put you put on it because I bless your
name Sam you know nobody's shredding a
game though what's the game so this is a
different game check this out again so
Adam and slim are gonna be giving us
given a shoe but they have to describe
that chute to you guys and you guys have
to guess this how you guys play me some
boy yeah scared of us yes no you guys
know we want the company other than that
man we just chillin right now we walk
into my apartment these guys got a nice
apartment actually close to mine
tomorrow we're supposed to link up as
well and tomorrow we're gonna hoop so
tomorrow should be epic you ready fan
I'm always ready gosh um how do you tell
the the crew case for sale Instagram we
honey did oh yeah it's poppin but let's
just say we only made one sale so far
yeah no to - oh yeah oh yeah I think so
oh we're going our way
it's your dream G yeah alrighty really a
dream come true the say Sassoon plus
just say my husband but the Freestyle
for you okay go I don't really freestyle
on my channel though if I keep those
exclusive for you guys but she make a
rare occasion Reena yeah I'm only gonna
go if you go - okay I'm gonna go first
okay
damn go fine cakes walking walking on
the street trying to make a video oh I
just get hit by the gate oopsie doh yes
I got dough like money cash on the flow
now I gotta go get my broom broom broom
Ferrari riding in my rari
right around my rari got my blocking mop
but I got a little did that escalated
quickly okay you ride around you're Rory
I'm riding around in my whip my BMW just
so fast I'm about to dip you about to
flip she bought the strip and when we go
to the club you know mean about that
shit leave the club and go to work
all the girls is 1 in it all the girls
no mind
they keep just keep running it just so
fast when I rolled in the past jogging
in yo ass oh you want to drink that
water make you wanna drink your water
you're full roll you come up with that
shit I feel like Kobe I feel like Pablo
oh it ain't mondo this ain't the last
game Kobe gonna play cos coming to my
critic to check out my condo yeah what
these dudes from New York gotta say
these guys just caught they were funny
cuz they tried to prank me haha happy
ain't gonna get and I was aiming going
on go Maggie
Burger King let it flow gonna cut all my
shit I don't hate this what's going on
guys so all the guys pushed out they all
went I had some editing to do so I
stayed back home I just got done with
all that I'm making myself a nice
Nutella sandwich I got a package in the
mail it's actually in my mailbox so I
need to go get that but we got one shirt
for now which is the one that I wasn't
even trying to wear yet one of my
favorite artists Big Sean and janae I a
call released a collaborative album
called 2088 and they dropped like four
items on there I bought everything and
this is the t-shirt right here so this
is a big sean and ji-hae go on there she
got the orange hair the theme is orange
orange my favorite color so that's
pretty dope so this is them two on the
front and then on the back it says 2088
and it has the tracklist in chinese i
believe i could be wrong but okay so in
the beginning of the vlog you get solved
i was setting up the new drop door
fronts I got I got quite a few because
they were on sale I decided to buy some
more the reason why I did that is
because Harris went and bought a whole
bunch of these drop top front rock
wouldn't drop Fund boxes so Harris went
and bought a whole bunch and you know he
tried to outdo me and you know I'm
saying I'm not in the sneaker game for
no competition it's never been a
competition for me but if you want to
make it a competition here as we can
make it a competition you know I'm
saying so I had to upgrade my drop from
blah blah blah
god damn like this is the official
completed drop front box wall
sneakers I texted this to Harris and I
said I made it into a shape of an L just
so you you know you're always holding
the L so
