all right guys so as you see behind me
you got a ton of Kobe Bryant fans
everybody is here to enter the raffle
for the Kobe fade to black pack today's
the big day man Kobe's final game
there's gonna be a whole bunch of
festivities going on outside the arena
there's crazy like billboards for Kobe
over there they're building a basketball
court over here so meanwhile gia are
definitely going to be coming to the
game a little early to hang out and man
it's gonna be a crazy day it's gonna be
a great vlog shout out to see geek for
sending me to the game today you guys
gonna hear me talk about SeatGeek all
day because without them this wouldn't
be possible me being inside this arena
or Kobe Bryant's last game so it's gonna
be happy
he was a movie shooting image it I was
with the everywhere
what you got on for Mom bidet stop Oh
what this is that you should have
where'd that copy you should all your
benches the color way down by the way
she is the USA color with Dan I did get
my different go this guy right here is
hustling but you sell in trying to trade
the back oh yeah burn Frank wasn't 11
whose fire kicks is a real so yeah Mike
is a real reseller see look at this man
they're building a court outside of
Staples Center that's crazy
alright this is my number watch us what
you got hopefully this is the winning
ticket number yo5 to G you got my five
one five to help us one of us and we
need talking about our Heights
all right guys they're doing the raffle
now so they're about to call numbers
she's in three more goddamn it
Oh Mike oh I think they're starting from
you
yeah
we miss him do we oh look we've been my
way here I really miss you doing a show
with you guys yeah what's up man you
know what you guys say the people heywho
love it the man himself this raffle is
full of sadness into some way me my boy
really get the wrong numbers we thought
the three when they kept saying three we
were like damn it we have seven oh but
they're starting over here at the floor
oh wait so might I say three I need a
mistake got it stop lying
I'm out of here this last one yeah hi
guys so obviously I don't do it what up
man
all of a sudden all of a sudden fishy we
came into the team at least or see if
they have anything dope oh look they
have all the Kobe all-star jerseys crazy
is it like the 30 is like $40,000 crazy
I look at this jacket y'all this is
crazy this is the over yo Kobe edition
guys they have every single Kobe
all-star shirt and then at the bottom of
every shirt it has his stats for the
all-star game
going all the way to his like number
eight days which is super dope and then
yo these are dope right here alright
guys so I guess they got these kobe
pictures all throughout Staples Center
with just a white background and fans
are just signing it so as you guys can
see we found one that's barely signed so
I'm going to be one of the first people
to do a simple message for myself and
for the rest of you go
you
alright guys walking up to the arena now
I'm getting more and more excited every
step I'm getting closer to Staples
Center and before I get in there I just
want to tell you guys why I'm such a big
Kobe fan I fell in love with basketball
and NBA because I was watching a Lakers
versus warriors game a long time ago I
think it was like almost 10 years ago it
was when Kobe was still in his eighth
jersey so I wasn't a fan really a
basketball at all during the three-peat
era so I'm not gonna say here in front
and be like I was part of all that no I
mean I knew about it but I was more into
like other things like that I wasn't
really into sports I was a fat ass I was
watching one game it was the Warriors
versus the Lakers at an Oracle Arena
Lakers were wearing their blue throwback
jerseys Kobe had on the French blue 12
Warriors had on their retro yellow
jerseys and I just remember watching
that game and just look just watching
Kobe play was just like you can see the
determination in his eyes to even win a
regular-season game which was crazy so
that's where I really just fell in love
with basketball so after that I started
playing basketball myself that was that
and then a few years later that's when I
had the opportunity to actually meet him
at a gas station like randomly he was
there and I got to meet him and get him
to sign my shoes and I had a five-minute
conversation and I'm not gonna lie that
made me even a bigger fan of him so yeah
man that's where I started with all
those puppies
I don't know that was so there are tons
and tons of Laker fans here like there's
double the amount of people that can
even fit in the Staples Center I believe
I know that's probably not true but
there's a lot of people here event
honestly man screw the promos and screw
like the shoutouts like honestly
SeatGeek thank you guys man you guys are
making my dream come true to be at this
freakin game right here man I'm honestly
so freakin happy and excited right now
how you doing oh how you guys doing you
guys will say what's up I'm so amazing
Bob's are amazing Bob's are amazing
i'ma show you guys all the billboards
that they put up on the sides of Staples
Center we got this one yeah yeah we ran
a picture of it yeah oh so so okay now
check this out
this is from championship number five
right here all right guys here's another
one check this one out
Thank You Koby this one's on the corner
of staples right by the Nike vault and
then look at all this stuff
I try and get in a Nike vault man all
right they wouldn't let me inside Nike
ball man let's go see all the other
stuff going on in here watch football
all things
preciate it you're in right now say
what's up hey DMV was good all right so
I'm just walking around checking out
some of the things they got going on
here okay
we got rock climbing right here giant
inflatable Kobe right here and then you
got a basketball court right here where
these dudes are stupid neat about it
come on fam
oh and there's another Kobe thing pretty
guy do you do videos on shoes right yeah
yeah cupcakes yeah there you go and then
there's a guy with the beard yeah yeah
over here they got this thing where you
can oh is it dunking oh no it's only
shooting I thought you could go on I
thought you could go dunk on this day
this is just shooting oh that's why I go
dunk it man but look how many people
sign this thing
look they even wrote over Kobe's Ronnie
what's up am I got the same socks on fan
oh there you go what's up y'all I've
never seen a lot wait a minute
thank you we are inside of the arena I
am honestly getting goose bumps of being
inside of your van I'm going to go
straight to my speed right now I want to
go to my seat already because my shirt
is waiting for me there we have ocean I
think I'm going the wrong way I'm going
the wrong way I'm going the wrong way
guys it goes the wrong way we're going
to section 105 that awkward only when
you try to make up emotional moment
walking into the arena but you're in the
wrong section all right guys here we go
thank you this is me
these are great
let me show you guys everything gave
everybody we got the Kobe love Nike
shirt on the back
Nike Mambo day Kobe last game lanyard we
got this big Kobe book right here I
don't even know what's inside of here
but I'm opening up overall while this is
easily person by by playing with adrian
garcia park penis
Oh
oh there's David Beckham
Oh
oh man they got something special for
sure
with early in the 1986
whoa
I can't believe on me
and in the crazy
last but not least is another great
thing about believe us please give it up
for Gary Beto
we had 19 Laker records he has nine NBA
records and let me just tell you a stat
there's an unbelievable amazing score 25
times over 50 points he scored or 60
points five times and then we all knew
the reward is scored 81
for those graduations
beep sir
player intros
like Kanye's here too
getting anywhere within the
two rows is impossible time
also right
what notice
Randolf window
the boys mr. shott
Oh
baby
every time Toby's gone Toby birthday
because buckle
a minute get another one get another one
Oh
ah
Oh
ha
three
Oh
and the world
man
don't wait so I can't believe how best
when you use with my ice cream
all right guys what a crazy threw up
sixty points on his final game every
second that I got closer and closer I'm
like yo that's that's his last free
throw that's the last time he's going to
check out that's the last week in the
final sound of the buzzer and it was
crazy I was speaking to feet away from
taking a picture with Kanye okay so as
you guys saw guys like first of all I
said Pablo and I threw up the deuce and
he looked at me and threw up the deuce
to Pablo and then like two seconds later
I got closer and I was literally about
to walk up to him right behind him and
say can I get a picture and he was
taking pictures with everyone that asked
him to so he was going to do it in the
freaking girls security he's like no you
can't do it so I was like okay fine fine
so she she put her arm out and I stepped
back and I just stood there she's like
are you can stand here it's all good man
had a great day I cannot
so the line for Nike ball was
ridiculously long I tried to ask the
worker if he can let me in because I
have a media pass four crew kids and he
said no I don't know what that is so it
didn't work so now I'm ahead out I got a
go call a rubric with my 14% of battery
here on mama day it is coming to an end
I don't know enter the next time I'll be
in this oh my god
alright guys so I just got home all the
way here I was just thinking to myself
like man it's been a crazy crazy week
and I'm so grateful for all the
opportunities I get all the different
experiences I get to go through without
you guys none of this would be possible
so I really really want to thank you
guys because I mean there's no other way
to put it like you if it wasn't for you
guys and the way you support me and you
guys watch these vlogs and none of this
would be possible being able to go to
Monday Night Raw being able to go to
Disneyland being able to go to Kobe's
last game meeting Kanye kind of today or
whatever you want to call it meeting him
or saying what's up to him like none of
this would be possible without you guys
so I want to thank you guys I do want to
end the vlog just by saying thank you
see geek you guys are the reason why I
was able to go and had an amazing time
once-in-a-lifetime experience I'm
watching my favorite basketball player
and if you guys want to use my code it
skies you get 20 bucks back off your
purchase on SeatGeek so basically let me
wrap it up for the people that don't
know see geek is basically the best
place for purchasing tickets to sporting
events concerts anything like that it
puts all different websites in one place
so you don't have to go around trying to
compare prices and things like that it
gives a grade to every ticket so that
you know what's the best value like what
you're getting a steal with and what
what price point is the best you can
download it in the description box down
below and the best thing of all is that
you get 20 bucks back off your first
purchase when you use my code qi8
s so make sure you guys check that out I
will spend the rest of the night editing
sidenote shout out to the Warriors
getting the best record in the history
of NBA as they reached 73 and 9 as you
guys know from the bay so I got a shot
about once I'm re I'm done that's it I'm
done I see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog thank you guys for watching
I'm out of here
peace
