today all right guys we're spending the
day at Disneyland while we're at
California Adventure right now but we
have a to a one-day park offer so we'll
be going to both parks
first things first we're going to Cars
Land this is regular people this is us
which I can use my drone right now
so we just went on Tower of Terror in my
opinion that is the best ride in
California adventures probably the best
ride in both parks we're gonna ride that
thing at least three times
don't be cute
in 3 2 1
old-school versus new-school
okay so we've been stuck on this ride
for about 15 minutes longer now we're
leaving California Adventure and we're
going to Disneyland now so we're taking
advantage of the park hopper someone
over here super quiet she's tired
alright guys so we took a little break
to re-energize our bodies and had some
food and now it's time to start
exploring Disneyland you ready he's done
being grumpy I had some bomb-ass pasta
with some shrimp and I'm proud of it
wondering when you come to Disneyland is
there is no diets I don't care who you
are if you eat salad at Disneyland you
don't deserve to be here what is this
polish when did they open this this is
crazy what used to be Tomorrowland is
now Star Wars a big Star Wars section so
they pretty much change all this stuff
I've never seen any of this no this is
crazy
you know
previously you supposed to do that I get
this bb-8 lets up family that was your
impression oh these are like real lights
here oh wow this is dope as hell I know
for sure Harris didn't come to here when
he came to Disneyland or else he would
have bought that look at this is a
lightsaber umbrella
this is hella hard how much is this the
best thing in the world look at the line
I get to skip all of that
all right guys it is time for a
hyperspace Mountain this is the best
ride at Disneyland and now it is Star
Wars theme he used to be just Space
Mountain that was Star Wars theme so uh
yes we're excited so people get left
behind you see she's not about it
let's go okay so we were rushing over to
California Adventure now we just went on
hyperspace mountain it was dope and
we're gonna try to catch world of color
how I didn't even mention that do you
guys do you guys see my shirt I'm
rocking my beaver shirt today
all of a sudden Justin Bieber all of a
sudden this is for Kobe alright guys so
tomorrow is actually let's get that
countdown coming out right now tomorrow
is the last day of Kobe Bryant NBA
career
what up guys so finally but I call home
I'm deadbeat man there's a long day it
was fun and tomorrow's the day like I
said earlier man tomorrow is Kobe
Bryant's last game shoutout to sneak
geek over and over again for sending me
if you guys want to use my promo code it
is Kais it will get you guys $20 off
your next purchase with C geek and yeah
man that's gonna be it for today's long
day tomorrow man has been a crazy past
two vlogs the WWE Disneyland and
tomorrow is Kobe and like this weekend's
it'll be cool too so MN stay tuned and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
