good morning guys starting out the day
with the sneaker transaction what you
got from picture to the stage a delay of
each other trade befell for the I don't
know how long I'm in trying to get a
size five and a half or six I think they
have size 5 size 5 yeah
size 5 moon rock 5 to 5 minute huh you
shouldn't get that base size alright
guys so they didn't want to get anything
except the ovios off fire kicks so we're
going to get some breakfast right now
super excited because tonight is Monday
Night Raw I might have to jump into the
ring and give somebody a rock bottom
good morning Sam
great meeting we had he's doing Amara so
we just hated this place right here guys
I want to say thank you guys man
yesterday I hit a hundred thousand
followers on my Instagram so shout out
to my Instagram followers if you don't
follow me you better follow me man
my Instagram is lit on the road to 200k
200k alert pings yeah go ahead you gotta
run it and what what up what up hey uh
subscribe and follow my boy uh crew
kicks fire kicks and um 100 if you don't
be knowing he's still growing
hi bro are you shot that guy man alright
guys so here's the deal
yeah I'm pretty good major update so
people is DMS intended messages and like
we're just sick and tired of trying to
sell shoes to like other shops and stuff
so we want to start hooking you guys up
and we're going to just sell our shoes
so we created an Instagram account
called crew kicks for sale so the number
of the left number for sale dance crew
kicks for sale is the Instagram account
I'll link it down below if you guys want
to go follow it pretty much any shoes
that we just want to sell we're not
going to be like going and buying shoes
just to sell but anything we just get
our hands on that we want to you know
sell we'll be posting on there and you
guys have to have PayPal so we're gonna
be selling it through PayPal and then
I'm no fun funky business right funky
business because you know you really
remove them block then here this is a
business this is it again right here
we're about to add all these shoes yeah
then all these shoes are here about to
be added so if your PayPal ready our
guys so I got a quick unboxing for you
guys from this website over here called
Street where official I will link them
in the description box so if you want to
pick up any of these items or check out
their website they got some pretty dope
stuff they got some really cool shirts
first of all before I get into this box
let's just take a minute to look at the
hustle the fire kicks putting it right
now how much of those going up for 14
for 10 for 10 Kobe three oh shit
sneaker heads sneaker resellers be like
sneaker resellers be like look at this
guy's exposed mercy BAM
you got this t-shirt black t-shirt with
a picture of Kobe in his rookie season
standing next to MJ I'm assuming during
a free throw or someone else was
shooting a free throw and they're just
chatting it up I might be rocking this
during the playoffs shout out to the
dubnation Steph Curry holding up the
west side they got a whole bunch of like
shirts like that NBA type shirts and
then one more item baseball cap this is
a dad hat as they call it and you got
Kareem abdul-jabbar doing the hook shot
this is Super Dome and you know these
dad hats are super popular they have
different ones band-aid ones with like
MJ and stuff so check it out I decided
to go with the Lakers a Kareem
abdul-jabbar
I saw dad hat you know I'm saying keep
it cool for the summer time to shout out
the street wear official if you guys
want to check them out the link is in
the description box at street wear
official for the dope merch so yeah man
check them out they got the dope NBA
tease
I don't think you ready for today fam I
don't think you're ready something about
the whole shebang alright guys so we
just got to Staples Center Monday Night
Raw it has been a dream of mine since I
was a little kid to sit ringside at a
WWE event Jamie you ready though this is
a monumental moment for me this is a
second WWE event so the reason why would
Lance mountains today is because I was
trying to go for that raw versus
Smackdown feel you know what I'm saying
what you got white cement approximant
word to our train oh man Dan hey Jamie's
right here then who's up
in one day at this very arena I will be
back to witness the Black Mamba Kobe
Bryant's last game is one day away
Teague is sending me guys if you didn't
know like anyone growing here yeah I
mentioned it's like 90 times already I
keep mentioning it shouts Ikki
what's up man how you doing all of a
sudden we're looking forward to seeing
tonight Kevin Owens and Bray Wyatt
they're my two favorite okay all right
we'll have a good time in but my god
guys look at our to me
look at this ready boo oh my god
of the gun
my guys are going on a little bathroom
rice got to pack me back I was on TV
like
I was on TV like crazy I gotta show you
guys the video right now alright Natalya
was like she came on her inches and she
stood like right behind me she was
filling the kid I mean I can't blame her
sure raem on the board yeah with
something hey dude looks good man he's
doing so shit is good man is good hey
boys
there were sneakers hi brother yeah you
too brother
alright you guys have been blowing up my
Twitter like crazy look at this she was
filling the kid you know I'm saying like
you can't blame like look at this all
over I don't even WWE tweeted it like
this is from WWE Universe and they - did
hit your boys right there
let me find the video for you guys
someone tweeted me the video right here
you see that now watch it again man look
at first I throw up the six out after
the six got sick sick sick yeah we got
some crude love all the way from Sydney
man shout out to this guy how you doing
man hey good we enjoying the show
whistles one guy said anything that
stated people Oh
shout out to pi√±as were then kill
seniors yeah you got that one
Oh
that's that goes back
dr. Bell dr. Bell
alright guys Monday night Raw's over as
you guys can see this taking apart the
rain Jamie what do you think are we
gonna show truck yeah I do this reset
experience was crazy guys goddammit
brought he didn't let you check the belt
in fan meet the I take the belt in bro
come on man come on Jamie why are you
gonna do him like that I know but that's
when I saw Roman he I was like that's
why I let him I said brother that's my
title your title I told him man a
hundred percent honestly guys though
first of all clear on the back clearance
he was up to the people did you miss me
you're looking like a hero I came back
on
I let me tell you man this audience has
like 10 times
triple growth oh that's beautiful yeah
man that's beautiful it's working with
the right person
trust me thank you I appreciate it but
guys honestly thoughts like did to me
this felt like a pay-per-view honestly I
was not happy it was a Monday Night Raw
but it was ever who's running front ok
yeah I know you're in the fuck I touch
Barry Weis back my look at my hand
counts a bigger hand smells like small
Watergate second I appreciate everyone
uh oh shit tweeting out that Jonathan
Terry knows how broke my mentions for
sure with that picture with the with the
Natalia dude oh oh
Jamie disappointed though his go sasha
was in and uh yes hey hey yeah that's
good thank you so hold on so guys guys
didn't bring a doughnut I made sure to
sneak banyan tree go
let me get shot right just in case baby
happened to come and say hello I had to
make it don't make sure I brought a
trainees part by did she follow you it
should be like commenting on yeah she
does yeah you should've sent her DFS
like I hit her on this little IOU in the
building tonight and she just like she
just like the post like y'all come on
don't you guys I know you can't give up
what's really going on the scenes but
swag on let me know what's going on next
time you gotta send their private the
end I said I was good for that that show
sorry guys so I'm coming to you guys
from my kitchen I didn't realize until
right this second how great the lighting
is in here I got a pair of sneakers that
no one else has and I'm gonna show it to
you guys on the vlog Channel right now
right here before I even post it on crew
kicks fine line 1721 if you look in a
copy shoes or if you're looking to cop
any Jordans early chances are fine line
is going to have them before they
release and these don't even have a
release date to my knowledge but they're
in my possession so shout out the fine
line and they are legit unlike what
happened last time with another company
which I didn't mention their name but
this company is very legit I'm just
telling you man a lot of people always
wonder like how do I get my Jordans
early you know how am i wearing those
when they're not even released is you
gotta you know you gotta know the
website so you know there's some
websites that are not trusted and then
there's some websites like fine line
which are trusted I mean how do you even
know
big question is how do you even know
efficient your website is just Ilana
it's like you know if you just find it
randomly you know I can't really trust
it but when you're getting like people
like myself or like let's say for
instance nigga head in the bay or you
know other youtubers who are their
knowledge they know they're they know
that they know their sneakers and
they're shouting out these companies
then definitely you know you can trust
them you know I'm saying so go ahead and
get into the shoes because man this is
the first time you guys are going to see
these shoes on YouTube I love that smell
man the Air Jordan one Letterman's these
were created to honor Michael Jordan's
appearance his first appearance on a
talk show which was the David Letterman
Show I love when sneakers have dope
insoles the in salon here says on-air
which is pretty dope quality is really
great I love this metallic shiny back
and swoosh like you don't see that on
Jordan once so that's pretty dope man
but anyway I'm not going to get too much
into the shoe because I do plan to do a
full review on these on crew cakes later
this week so stay tuned for that
hello if you're joining one fan Tom
pants man these are dope is a dog shoe
to have in the collection it was a great
day I hope you guys enjoyed a so you
guys smoke another video and
yeah man about here please baby of the
year runs in the family
Cornish flash with her foot she some day
she's in her easy some day she's in her
valence more light
