I guess I round table right now with the
family before we head back to LA
grabbing some pizza part of it
take him like two minutes if you go hose
going on fire cakes and subject I do get
some good sleep yeah i mean what you
were working last night i was he hit the
hay same we gladly return it yeah oh
yeah did you wake you up I feel happy
burger laughing at the shop you think
you do puzzle but does he feel them and
he'd film them and then he'd move away
to the sky Pablo butter oh leanna wat
water oh oh oh yeah yeah yeah epic baby
falls on wrong thumbnail alert regular
Don then all of a sudden 72 and what 973
at nine you think the Warriors gonna
break the record when tonight yet bhaji
worries gonna break the record yeah
weapon system down you wanna rewrite
history here I his shoulder like coffee
said go get that damn bruh yeah he said
that all of a sudden moon rocks on the
bottom shown the bottom let's just say
then we don't care believe we were
sneakers shoes yeah alright guys so as
you guys remember i shrunk my easy so
we're actually gonna give it to Ava so
she's gonna have a pair of Easy's so
let's go see if they fit her they
probably don't fit her they're probably
a little big but you don't take a sick
Instagram picture that's for sure you
ready you ready to have a pair Easy's
hottest hide behind me damn my piece
baby of the year runs in the family
underage but her foot she someday she's
in her easy someday she's in her veil
Austin
my light
so big norm is like that's the one where
I know it is a little bit well yeah I
got sugar into sure grow into them do to
you oh gee it's usually testing hey that
nice shoes ever I've done hot it's easy
season-high by all right guys we
actually a chewy action alright guys so
we are about to leave the Bay Area
saying bye to my family until next time
what is it why you only made this much
room that telephone broke a six foot two
together luxury red seats we gave you
the red velvet and you're still not
satisfied oh shit officer my butt was
just a cake man yeah let me guess don't
make me Jack the muses again you are the
apple of my eye my sweet cherry pie you
got stout you got grace you always wake
up the pace I know I'm ready and slow
and steady wins the race the snow is
steady so take my coat and butter
I kid alright guys so we just stopped
for gas had to fill the baby up you know
what I'm saying because gas is what runs
the cars you know what I'm saying so
that's just a little something you guys
might not know anyway let's just say
guys these guys got new fire ass mixtape
of next time with Matt can't even I
can't even fathom I got to tell you guys
man I'd be busting his price went up by
price went up if you guys want to see my
freestyle you got to go to this his
channel the fire it's called why do you
guess right you can find a master Chao
who huh oh you want to ditch him right
now look hey that's good nothing's in
the bathroom yeah let me take it slow
sir
you know I got the covers you got the
cubby you got a good give up a game you
Shanna seduce us with her evo gummy
bears and let's just say tacos 150
where's ya oh they're yours hahaha hold
on I miss talking to someone Oh looky
talking a girl fan love Bella Bella
officer didn't know she came out with
the pirate black she said I inspired her
to go buy some check them out hey it's
okay we wear sneakers alright guys so we
finally are in the Los Angeles area we
are about 30 minutes away from home I
guess feeling you had a good weekend I
had a good weekend you know just a lot
of proposals some teary eyes some
haircuts so let's just say some things
you can't stay long
do anything can't say look look he's
lying guys quickly yg okay wasn't good
time hopefully make it return we'll be
back by four sneaker con girl that's
wait for me back next month your skeevy
Club sneaker con alerts you're gonna
light the crew come in May fifteenth we
are two days away let the countdown
begin our it's been going on but we are
two days away from Kobe Bryant's final
game I will be there this is every
single floor that will be there I'm so
excited where are you gonna be doing
colorado game let's just say i'm trying
to make some loose to that i might be
there to enough and what you guys I
shall VT 2 p.m. school wise but up an
hour trying I can skip it or something
like this but as you say mama d I just
have my sis be outside once again I just
experienced the feeling who knows yeah
man is gonna be crazy I can't wait to
that tomorrow I got Monday Night Raw so
I'm super excited about that going to be
ringside with Jamie Tuesday I got a
surprise to where I'm going I can't tell
you guys
staple center really yeah and then
Wednesday's Kobe's final game so we got
a few dope lineups and we got some
special gods as magic can see coming
this weekend too yeah let's just say
it's gonna be a late week on here on
crew TV or so yeah yeah man so we're
almost home so I'll check in with you
guys and a little bit
you know you're into town when you hear
them airplanes found any last words
before we see you I don't know what I'm
gonna see this week let's just tell me
see you brought you one thing all i
gotta say its guises make safe dropping
rule so check out our channels you Dan I
kicks I'll see you probably before I see
him yeah me we cool like that cuz we
about it bro we don't need to sleep
gonna lose 9 about he sleeps he wakes up
like I wanna clock I wake up I go to
sleep late wake up for them about
anything what is he stopped okay bro I
shared memories with you this weekend
don't spoil them we actually did we did
alright guys so I've been home for the
past like two hours but I'm dead tired
so I'm then the vlog here thanks for
watching
you
