praise yeah I actually saw them in the
back of a car on a bumper sticker
I'm just good morning hope everybody's
having a great day what's up guys how's
debate treating you it's just very calm
very calm they're just telling me how
the traffic is so calmer and less hectic
than LA and I told them that I bring
those la vibes to the bay there's a big
big big big big big big thing happening
thank you this everything Thank You boss
dr. Bell we are running a little late
like always so we are on the way right
now we might have about a 45 to an hour
drive then let's just say throw Williams
called he wants his hat alright guys so
we just made it to Santa Cruz we are
currently waiting for Yama to arrive
with his girlfriend Cristina they we're
gonna call this what project what
project Yamaha Yamaha Jake yeah we're
gonna wait for them to get here to
execute project Yamaha that's step one
step two is process of setting it up
it's step three is well that's in Yama's
hands anyway let me get him out let me
sink this in damn Prince Prince
walking up to I don't know like the edge
or whatever you really can't beat yeah
let's talk about yesterday because the
LA team won one the bay area team won
one we go so we need a tiebreaker yeah
we need one a stabilization on right now
Staples Center if this gets 5,000 likes
he's gonna run out Staples Center and
Kobe Kobe's gonna rep yeah this might be
bigger than Kobe's last game that's
actually speaking of Kobe's last game
three more days see gig is sending me
April 13th are you really
are you sitting like row K which is like
rotating we in there alright guys we are
here on location so we're setting
everything up we got the drone cameras
all that all of a sudden he wants a
photo shoot for us is dying for a photo
adorable
there's how you feelin gee I'm gonna get
me I'm hungry though
hungry hungry all of a sudden JB with
the phone JB with the hot lap hit the
dougie we got the what our toes
collection invisible collection so Jay
Simpson toe Jay Simpson
all of a sudden sand boys let me name
those beaters drawn shadows fire kicks i
stacked
icetec fire kick those trying to gain
perspective when it's easy to neglect it
I'm tired of always acting I'd rather
write a directed ain't no way around it
ain't no sense in being selective I know
you can handle anything but you're
affected by the signs driving guys Wow
when you get your license and you get
your license you in a minute you can
give us a 100 while you're driving or
nah but you can never forget
oh look at that juicy kabobs what's up
y'all ready so what's the point of all
these fingers pointing right at me I'm
just saying everybody has a breaking
point a map in front and by these tracks
with these leaky joints birthday party
right now we're not celebrating your
birthday were celebrating the chin on
his hair guys it finally came up the
hair on his chin all of a sudden you
want to correct me this guy right here
is taking care of all the little kids
here no no me tonight it is our last
night even though it was a short trip I
made it sound like we're here for weeks
about the Wade because Harris is here
I'm a what you're a great bowler no I'm
really so
what do you put your fingers in it if it
wasn't him but we already know what
season it is crew season what
the intro I want to give you a testimony
about my life
alright guys so it was teams of vampire
kicks versus watching swag and forget
begin our asses beat then I don't know
sighs got some type of mojo where he's
just playing crazy
