real geez don't go to sleep put it there
down yeah which was to leave in 20
minutes alright guys good morning hope
everybody's having a great day
we're running super late as you guys saw
in yesterday's vlog we are in back in
 time guys
fire kicks learn watch us we didn't get
any sleep so he started don't sleep no
more sleeping in LA then why I love it I
just got a crazy DM guys new diem a
lawyer DM alert I'm up to something your
DM alert question if I had my own collab
seeker would help me if you guys would
buy it like how many guys have you guys
actually buy a shoe that I designed not
a full sneaker that I designed but like
a colorway like a collab we're all the
way to conquer so let's go get our
haircuts and we'll check into it to you
guys in a bit if alright guys so we just
got the urban barber college about to
get this cuts real quick some dope shots
I mean we're super late but we got in
power we got an hour and 15 minutes to
get these cuts in so yeah man let's get
it man I'm super excited
$8 haircuts what that's crazy you know
what it is right yeah yeah student yeah
yeah it's kinda how are you good long
time no see man yeah all the sudden
our guys so I'm out here in the chair by
to get cut by the man oh yeah you
already know I meet the barber if you
guys come here ask for him but we'll see
yeah let's see what he does first oh
okay I see you got to test them out
first but in the bullet oh yeah what it
is always I didn't see ya look at this
huge idea she just walked through those
those are the LeBron LeBron night what
is it color no way I got a right night
they were the freaking the the Fanta
orange Fanta big game this is the first
time I've had my hair like actually
styled and everything so shout out to
this guy right here follow me
I meet the barber on Instagram Jason
hated the barber okay okay all about it
alright guys so we just got to wanna
Creek actually about to get some grub
Harris look at Harris it's good guys I
don't we go to you I can't look at
yourself right here's got a fresh one
and he got the line going damn
feel naked right now then we're at Ikes
right now about to get some sandwiches
I'm about to get the milk don't play is
everything savage you called milk
while headed back to the barbershop now
because I'm in and watching you need to
get their haircuts and then after that
we're going to go back to Harris his
house and do some filming because I
still need to post a crew cakes video
and then we're gonna play basketball
tonight so tonight we're actually gonna
have an all-star game we're gonna be the
LA boys versus the bay area boys are we
gonna do that are you gonna mix it up
we'll play that one first no more have
fun laughter that's what she said all my
stuff all of a sudden Wolverine here
even when you're gonna be fat bro when I
give you a cut oh yeah with Adam insulin
alright guys so we're waiting for men
and watch you to finish up put up all
right you wanna give the people the
address in case they want to come over
here yeah 18:27 Willow Paltrow I spoke
with my dad go do this 18:27 Willow Pass
Road in Concord California
alright guys so we're currently on the
drive home there is a little bit of
traffic I'm stressing outside and
uploaded a four film crew kicks for
today but I'm not going to miss the day
I'll tell you guys that right now
because I've only missed one day if I
could miss another one anyway I thought
it was only necessary for us to announce
I think we should do it even though we
have all talked to the whole crew about
it but I think we should announce the
ten cities for the summer tour right now
yeah pull up the website I mean fire
you're talking to you seems a little
complexity we had you guys submit what
cities you guys are from and what's the
most popular ones we narrowed it down to
ten the dates are not official yet so
we're not going to give you guys dates
the scheduling as far as what cities in
what order are not official yet this is
just a list of the ten cities so I'll go
ahead and say the first city first city
is going to be San Francisco another
city again is nine order but Las Vegas
Viva Las Vegas let's just say we come
into the six Toronto we come in at you
we are we are we happy okay next up we
got a lavish what next up we got the
city of to three Michael Jordan Chicago
uh one of my personal personal personal
favorites let's just say and why see
baby and the Big Apple the Big Apple I
like to say might get a little hot
because we're going to Phoenix College
on the Sun you know after we go to
Phoenix well not after but you know
because we all the tour we gotta stop at
h-town Houston yeah it's just record a
shower you'll go to detail Alice Alice
baby okay let's just say you want to
take it to the to three routes so we go
to North Carolina North Carolina and you
know Winston's we go into North Carolina
I don't know what this has to do with it
but we go and go we go to the ATM I got
Browns in Atlanta
dang I was in LA okay if we got
Brangelina you know there is your
glossary but we go go - easy baby and
VMV tidy every dough ok I made you
wonder we got two more cities let's just
say home we were the hardest Los Angeles
ah
finish it up cute and the last kitty is
rock you for the first time I love you
but the first love you a whale's vagina
San Diego whoa I think that's a more
than tennis and that's it I don't know
what to do san Diego's okay so Los
Angeles San Diego in Las Vegas sounds
like our three extra cities that all
we're not counting because they're close
to home so so the next step like I said
is we're going to announce the dates as
well as the venues as well as we're also
going to be doing some charity events
here and there so it's like there's
gonna be little steps and steps and
we're going to keep you guys updated and
every single every single step of the
way so for all the people that did if we
are coming to your city I can tell you
this end of June no end of July
beginning of August make sure you guys
are all realize man let us know what you
guys you guys are hi you guys already
just get it wrong in a rap with us and I
know panda Panda yeah this dude are you
going to a fashion show you going to
hoop G let's just say kicks on corn yeah
Balenciaga boys might have to legit
check it though damn I didn't get the
red memo I think it I didn't get the red
sneaker memo again John the medallion
brah
John the medallion came through with the
Mario Velvets the Mario Velvets
all right guys it is time for the 2016
YouTube all-star game
fired kicks Killa cab for the 200 go 200
yeah I'm wrong I thought all right
sometimes in life I don't got
nothing there like it duty
you got a 100 for them just enough that
weight bucket
yeah but get buckets wad you are oh
it goes down to the deal you missed that
what's up oh but you got a safe in your
camera so now you owe me looking for you
from camera I get a word very single no
okay no no is that single constantly
basketball trying to set up the cameras
it's game time
Halloween game this is the same shirt
that I bet be adamant women
alright guys so in our Modesto versus LA
matchup stay won the first game we won
the second game you boy took over you
know I had like six out of nine point to
know what I'm saying but we're just
doing pickup games now what what do you
want bro I'm playing basketball he's not
playing back ball guys he's just in I'm
flying the helicopter why are you doing
that I told you those drone shops in a
lottery
I know but you didn't make one all right
okay so we're just chillin right now
here's his house yes everybody says
chillin I'm dead-ass tired about to head
to my house which is like an hour drive
any last words guys no everybody's dead
I started like sub Roman he's ready to
fight someone oh this is always ready
what le alright guys what is going on
good morning it is the day after I just
wanted to pull out the vlog camera to
just give you guys a quick update about
what's going on tomorrow tomorrow I got
a new video on the main channel which
I'm super excited about we started
filming this about a week ago so yeah
that will be up tomorrow and I just want
to remind you guys so I can kind of
build some pipe and kind of let you guys
know and on top of that we are four days
away into a Kobe Bryant's last game as
you guys can see from the camp down me
and the Mamba are going to be in the
same building on April 13th 2015 for his
last game shoutout to SeatGeek for
sending me and that's it man just a
quick update all right kids you got any
words to get the people started off on
the day early yeah we need trouble you
don't sleep I woke up like at 6 a.m. and
fire kicks is downstairs working work on
the weekends on vacation I'm out here
for those challenging remember it's so
interesting - this is default nut I have
an r2d2 - stop easy the are - no not the
tools either everything
