okay I actually got the shot I wanted
shout out to Magic Johnson shout out to
Kareem abdul-jabbar I predict that the
Los Angeles Lakers will be presenting
the Kobe Bryant's statue in the 2018 NBA
all-star weekend since it is in LA
alright guys so we are actually five
days away from Kobe's retirement game on
April 13 2 2016 as you guys can see from
the countdown right here feat gig is
sending me so I'm super excited for the
game I'm not excited that he's retiring
I'm just excited that I'm going to be
there and be able to take you guys with
me right here at staples center so I'm
super super excited for that man
I told my dad I was going to give him
one of my g7x of all camera so that he
can use it for pictures because I had
two of them because one of them was
actually the one that's getting
refurbished and I broke the other one as
you guys remember so now I just have a
broken one in a refurbished one and
obviously I need the new one so I'm
going to go buy my dad a completely new
one for his birthday and I'm going to
give it to him this weekend I kind of
just gave away where I'm going on the
road trip so I literally just bought
those NM DS look at all these bags i had
to bring from my car about the film crew
kicks about to put these on cupcakes as
well as the shoes that i bought
yesterday from at park for a double
sneaker pick up I told myself I was only
going to buy two shoes this month i
bought in three shoes already and it's
only been what seven days eight days
seven days i don't know i hate these
freaking cheaper brown inserts and I
always throw these away I'm leaving in
about five hours five or six hours so I
need to make a checklist of things that
I need to do laundry because I need
underwear for the trip pack make sure
all my equipment and video cameras are
charged up and ready to go also clean my
room throw out the trash yeah it's not
even that much stuff but I made it seem
like a lot alright so here we go I got
all my things done I'm with I guess mr.
ihop himself yeah I us what you go
though the new shipment came in big
trade alert shipping alone haha watch a
low beach welcome how is the house of
joy of G wife Anna I mean how was the
nap good morning this guy
knocked out five hours on the
self-awareness I guess we go over the
back it up sleepy I didn't like
sometimes I see you chickens risking
death azric utilizing sleep whatever son
did you skip to seeing a picture or so
sneaky look at the text picture of all
through you yeah you know she's there
for you like you see she's no first
question though I thought give me the
money you're some lucky the words my
roaches are dear do I wise if we can
push it all the way down blossom
Christie I need the bag back just lon
bang oh you guess G what are those
challenging over it's so interesting to
this default nut I have a r2d2 to stop
easy the Arctic now they're not the
tools either other three little like
Star Wars oh look you do my phone yeah
all the same pickle you got it 65 15 15
it's correct Cinco every single yeah
this is their top first time I here's
his house yeah so guys welcome thank you
I guess so we bout to call it a night
cuz we got to wake up early so any last
words she had to say babe you okay
there's any first words uh good morning
reload oh I think these two gonna be
sleeping together on that bed they want
me to let you go um yeah I don't know
what the vibe is robot oh my god dude i
got like
