what's good crude TV family so today is
another beautiful day it's actually
Black Friday and we're out here in LA on
Melrose and I gotta say we're doing
things a little bit different now
because I got my man Chris dot Mont
Dante that's his Instagram go follow him
he's gonna be doing my camera work over
the past few months with like the tour
and stuff like that
I've had different people do camera work
for me at pop ups and stuff like that my
man Chris travelled all the way from
from LA to Vegas he did a great job he
knew the vision for the vlogs cuz he
watches the vlogs so I was like you know
what we gonna put you on the payroll and
we gonna do some more vlogs so a lot of
the vlogs are gonna be more like him
recording me from now on just go to that
next level like I've been telling you
guys I'm trying to make the content
better trying to do dope stuff and
that's what we're gonna do today so like
I was saying it is Black Friday you know
people go shopping people go crazy
people kill each other over you know
saving 20 bucks off of a big-screen TV
whatever it is today I thought you know
what yesterday was Thanksgiving I was
with Mena and her family I didn't really
get the vlog I didn't really get to do
anything giving and today I want to give
I want to give to the crew so this is
what I'm gonna do actually pack let's go
over here I got my backpack over here
dream crew private-label backpack I
brought three shoes that I don't even
wear that are all dead stock and I'm
just gonna put them somewhere on Melrose
and snapchat or IG story that they're
here and the first person that can come
get them can have them so let's go ahead
and open this bad boy up oh I also got
some crepes oh we're gonna do some crap
away and home safe did this be the first
you know the first show I'm gonna do is
these timberlands because these things
are heavy
these are size 10 champ sports sent
these to me these are like the 2 Chainz
dj khaled timberlands
I don't wear timberlands but you know
what we gonna give these to someone who
will appreciate them more and hopefully
wear them so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna put them right here see this
is actually first of all shout out loose
change shout out the banks this is the
future mag Park Melrose and it's not
open right now but I'm gonna put these
right here and I'm gonna snap a video
and I'm gonna say first person to come
get them can have them so let's go ahead
and do that all right guys so I'm on
Melrose right now and if anybody wants
these deadstock timberlands
you know where you can find them I'm out
here
it's the season of giving you know I'm
saying we gotta get back did you post it
yeah I posted it I give it like five
minutes what do you think hopefully
because my husband to be out here for
other yo you'll want the shoes yeah they
don't want it while we're waiting and
talk about my outfit because I'm saying
it's kind of hot and it's chilly out
here you know I'm saying so I know I
know a lot of people are gonna complain
like oh why are you wearing a hoodie
they tell a hot outside why are you
wearing a beanie you live in LA you got
grandpa shoes on yeah see even he has a
hoodie on
first of all let's show you what he
looks like cuz you guys gonna be like
what does it look like damn
fresh fast for me fine we'll get one
half off all the time yeah he went Black
Friday shopping yesterday yeah but my
goal was to wear an outfit that would
piss hella people off because people
like hate on the way I dress I was like
I'm aware something Ella fire how much
time is it Ben I thought I just said
your name two minutes
all that muscle but he's still in check
my IG story it's a video if it was some
easy somebody would freaking run out of
their freakin bathtub happen and who
doesn't it is to be honest yeah I think
so yeah and it's pretty obvious with the
banks bro what's up
all of a sudden take your IG take your
AG story they sleep in met Bo you think
we could convince Mickey to let me have
a percentage of back Park Melrose like
own a percentage back Oh
Bram's my dude I'm gonna try to convince
Mickey to let me own them a percentage
of Mac Park Melrose I'm gonna call him
later and be like yo let me get it on it
okay you know what whoever comes gets up
all right the next location maybe I'll
give it to someone to like I want to
give a pair to a kid I got those the
tyler the creator of congress or
whatever it is called
so in the emboss the amboy's did you
really do all these good out there
Tracy no I I just went yeah yeah Melrose
transactions hey I got show you the
trunk what size are you
by given one
choose to come they're not that great
though
enjoy him yeah there's some timberlands
around the corner too if anybody wants
hustling out of a sahiba weight one shoe
and then the other shoe is I don't know
if it's still sitting there or not
hopefully somebody got it we got one
more shoe and this shoes pretty
expensive I bought them for about eight
hundred nine hundred dollars they've
just been sitting in my house and I'm
just like y'all I'm never gonna wear
these probably my dumbest purchase of
2017 there's actually a pole that is
right outside of the store cool case so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take the shoes time together and I'm
going to throw them on the pole and
whoever can secure it first can keep the
shoes so he just got one front they
threw it up there and he just got I'm
about to throw another pair right now
let's just say yeah my buddy's up a much
throw him up there wait for him holy
 you got the merch on Black Friday
sale going on right now dream crew calm
go get it let's see how quick they get
it
we don't got insurance to friend yo his
knee is broken I heard that he's this
immense give him back out here for the
crew you know I'm saying yo so they took
the El on the sneakers that I put up
there but I still got something to give
them not the bag stay tuned for the bag
crap protect one bottle not too much but
there you guys go
it's you sure you brought your shoes the
best in the game yo let's get my man in
he got the freshest fit on Melrose
beside myself even though I look like a
hobo
you got the Calabasas shoes socks pants
you got the white tee the supreme bag
this restock today too huh yeah and you
got the supreme hat bit of the day
winner right here
alright guys so we hopped into Ober and
we are headed to burbank right now we're
going to mag park we need to go talk to
Mickey because we're still trying to get
that percentage of Matt Parkman rose all
is he gonna give me a percentage of the
company you know I'm saying your boys
trying to move up to that business
business mindset you know sit in that 7
yeah I know you're 207 on Sundays you
masters oh yeah
all right guys we're out here bank pour
about to show you some steals and deals
that they got going on I don't know if
the deals are gonna still be here by the
time this vlog goes up 10s use $75 they
got a whole bunch of these and you know
what people don't realize is the same
color ways that they've been on these
are the same color ways they released on
the human racers racers the human race I
know I keep saying racers the human race
is the same color it's the colorway of
the bbc1 $7500 way of I used to have
these actually in exactly one weed I
leave to London for London sneaker cons
and in between London's secret con and
Berlin sneaker con I'm going all over
Europe to like five different countries
but I want to wear something in every
single country so I gotta go see if they
have one here this is the supreme dealer
right here oh yeah let me see all right
I see exactly what I'm looking for but
size of these though large large and
that's a medium down there
this is a medium little probably pretty
large is the one you try it on right I
want to see that I think this one would
be the one maybe not now but one day I'm
also gonna get these supreme gloves
because you know we go into some cold
places possibly in Europe as well as New
York sleep your phone's gonna be cold
feel like change
see you the government yeah Oh Yoda all
right this is it a business meeting
I've been unofficially part of the Mac
Park family for two years now yeah so
I'm thinking we take it up a notch in
our relationship how a girlfriend no no
no business all business I want a
percentage of MAG Park Melrose no one
even knows about Melrose yeah
yo minute we hit meat week
okay well all right nice shot Amelia
back partner Rose is coming up it's
coming soon and you want a percentage I
want a percentage you want like the
front part of the store do on like no
one like oh like equity
yeah like ninety ninety ten beeping the
90 you being the ten I mean I like I
like where your head's at
I mean I like you a lot
they said you have a girlfriend I was
still talking about the business oh
let's we can talk off camera please okay
all right guys so recap on what I'm
picking up in case you didn't I don't
know why supreme gloves the cheetah
supreme I'm trying to see if I could get
one more sneaker they called the
consignor to see if you get a lower the
price because you know saying so I'm not
getting the shoes today
it was the off-white Presto's but
hopefully get them next time I'm here
rock Friday shopping was lit thanks
Vickie extended the sale till Sunday or
Monday through Monday come to Mack Park
guys and don't forget dream cool calm
dream cruise sail
okay so now we're gonna walk to because
we Obert here we're gonna walk to a
house that has dumb lights like it just
looks so sick we're gonna go take some
pictures there and then probably just
call uber and call it a night from there
oh damn Oh dance if we gonna do a little
photo shoot cause the lights in the
background would look so lit but I mean
y'all can enjoy a little time lapse in
the time being
alright guys we're done here might be
hella dark we bout to head out of here
I'm about to go back home where I have
an unboxing for you guys so you know
what time it is with that hit the intro
I don't know what I'm doing
another unboxing right here I don't even
know where this is from wait turn his
damn TV off oh the vlogs are about to
get so lit and I said it was gonna ship
the first week of December so I didn't
think I was gonna get it in time for my
euro trip but it came and I didn't even
know it came like I wasn't even paying
attention to the tracking this right
here is the GoPro fusion this is the new
GoPro this is the future of GoPro and
I'm actually gonna put the camera here
cuz the lighting is way better right now
so go pro huge now you guys are probably
wondering wow that's so big like that's
like a downgrade from the last GoPro but
my friends not only does it have one
lens it has two lens this is a 360
camera I want to explain to you guys how
it works but the only way you guys will
fully understand if you don't really
know this type of stuff is by seeing the
actual footage
test number one might be the only test
of the day but watch this I can pretty
much
