you
alright guys so today is a great day so
recently my boy Jamie aka the plug just
started working at mag park in Burbank
so I hit up Mickey who runs the store
and I said yo Micky you know Jamie has
barely even been working there for a
week he quit his old job to come work
for you guys so let's fire him so let's
get it started
I'll let you be seated here just take a
seat over here before gonna have a
conversation with Jim
Tommy felt so far nope huh mad dough is
whose oh I mean everyone's mind clear
specially like Stephen John Stephens
print pretty receptive to you and that's
the one I thought we're gonna bump is
that friend good became best friends
tell y'all better BFFs tablet Wow
like right now I'm kind of in a hard
place because like some of the guys just
felt like you know like when you're like
I'm an asshole it's kind of gonna be
like that yeah I laugh because I know
you
but it took it to offense and like you
know they want me to let you go oh yeah
I don't know what the vibe is robot and
like I feel this really I got like they
all fucking see Mac or me yesterday I
know that's what's tripping me out even
though you're Tommy they protects me
because it's like it puts me in a weird
spot because you know for me the biggest
part of this whole thing is like being a
team and like I don't want any we talked
about this from the beginning you know
they want you come in the plug and like
feel like oh I'm gonna do it I mean you
know you call yourself the plug a lot
around here no I don't yeah like I said
three times I thought I was gonna say
three times a day bro like nah so I mean
it puts it it puts me in a tough spot
and I think like just for now like I
think we're gonna have to like take a
little break and then we'll figure out
how to like properly bring you back in
so you're like fire me but not firing
you can't sign it but I'm a good I'm
your boy right that was like you know I
you ago isn't all that so you know me
like I mean I would your by on a job our
job I to get you an application to
girlfriend your you fire me and then you
I up I mean bro lifeless cam McDonald's
Oh at least Taco Bell but I know he
actually told you I guess when you
picked up the food yeah it was yeah I
mean I just you know I know you gonna
test spot so like I didn't want to like
I mean I did leave my fucking job is
that's what I'm saying that's where it
makes it fuck you I think I do a bit but
you know I mean is with it yeah I guess
the guys don't want the bug here
whatever but I just mean bro wait as
though it is exciting I mean I have to
like I know man like it's it's so crazy
I have to go to another job I mean
because you wanna push it on all but I
mean I I respect guys isn't that crazy
at least talk through what they brought
back is good like I can see never to be
fired
how did it Matt see you over there
you're excited the horse out yeah
hi mind if we talk about a ninja told
you and my heart everyone over here so
you still got the job back you still
gotta go yeah we still the plug but now
hi guys so we got him that wasn't even
that bad honestly like we could have
done something to scare you but this was
just like trip you out yeah
I'm right right anyway for fun I'm going
to get some shots of the drone so we
about to unleash the drone inside mag
part
I just crashed my drone inside I need to
not fly this thing inside anymore look
at this girl but luckily I only broke
the propeller so the drone itself is
perfectly fine
there was no old lady in the way that
made me crash it it was just na-young
metro didn't trust this thing that's why
beautiful morning come on yeah you're in
Nevada no I don't what's your name Josh
I'm Quinn Quinn got that ovo yeah what's
up bear bear I can't tell if you guys
are serious
all right guys mag park is lit right now
oh he went in though was good a shouts
Quinn
Edwin Jack you know this damn I can't do
it the ovo everybody got the ovo Pam I
see you I see what you got in your feet
today
legends lose all right guys so I
challenged a little homie right now
we're gonna play one-on-one right now so
let's see if it can be me
Oh
how does it feel to lose to a
thirteen-year-old you know he was good
yeah that OBO so yeah he had the
Halloween game even though guys fun easy
man
yeah no no no what about soccer that's
good a guy yeah I'm dying man filming
right now as you guys can see the boys
miked up shout out to these guys he said
that all of him and his boys I use all
the catchphrases like all of a sudden
all of a sudden time shout-out to Chris
Andy long max ha ha I'm just waiting for
Jamie right now so we can finish up this
video and then I'm out of here man I'm
tired and I play basketball one-on-one
at lock homie
that's ridiculous man all right guys so
I'm finally back home after spending
like four hours at mag park man the
thing about that story is you go in
there whether you're going shopping or
just to go take care of some business
and you end up staying way longer
because they got one a freaking
basketball court so I got all sweaty and
good thing I wore like my Under Armour
gear today so yeah now I'm going to go
meet up with what cost right now I heard
about that actually because we're going
to be talking about like you know stuff
other than YouTube that I'm trying to
get into like acting wise and things
like that
because you know I'm out here in LA so
why not try to take advantage of all the
fields that I could possibly get into we
are leaving
town me fire cakes and watch gee I don't
know if the plugs going because he has
work but we're leavin town and I'm not
going to tell you guys where we're going
yet but we're going on a little road
trip so that should definitely be a fun
few vlogs why'd you drive to your houses
right here
cuz I was at the bank and then I don't
want to waste more time I heard about
that actually
alright guys finally going home to start
editing and keeps getting Saturn Saturn
man today is a very sad day today let's
bring that Coby countdown out because
today marks six more days until the last
Colby game as you guys know seat geek is
sending me to Kobe's final game I'm
going to be taking you guys to the
journey of the emotional day that it
will be for a huge Kobe fan like myself
like honestly I have no passion to watch
NBA after he's gone it's gonna be a good
one man what's good guys so before I end
today's vlog I had a good time at the
shop today pick these up if you didn't
watch my sneaker shopping video at mack
pockets on crew cakes also i want to
remind you guys that this sunday i have
a new video on the main channel and i
need you guys to support it i need you
guys to share it thumbs up tweet it
Instagram snapchat it all that good
stuff so I'm out peace hello these
Foamposites surprisingly I think it's
time for a new parodies yeah
