let's start today's vlog off by talking
about Wrestlemania for the like three
percent of you guys that actually watch
wrestling like me that three percent
which I still not grown up I didn't do
any reaction video for Wrestlemania or
anything like that but I just tell you
guys some of my favorite moments
definitely my favorite moment from the
whole thing with Shane McMahon rockin
his custom player exclusive Jordan 30s
and jumping off the top of the hell in
the cell crashing into the table of the
rock coming out with John Cena I think
the best match of the night was
definitely the ladder match with Zack
Ryder winning the icy title so it was
pretty cool man it was a great
WrestleMania the main event sucked ass
next year WrestleMania is in Orlando
Florida so you know what I'm gonna leave
it up to you guys
if this vlog can get 15,000 thumbs up
which is kind of crazy I'll go to
Wrestlemania next year in Florida yeah
I'll do that alright guys so I'm
currently just left my house and I don't
know what it is man I'm just like
I'm like I'm just like not satisfied
with doing like crew kicks videos in my
house anymore there's so many places in
LA with dope scenery and dull places
where I can do like reviews and on feed
so I need to take advantage of that
today I'm going to Santa Monica to do a
review on the nmds to give you my full
opinion
liddie almost hit me I feel like I I've
been putting in work but I feel like I
can put in way more work you know what
I'm saying I always I'm never satisfied
if you're always staying like this
you're not going to get anywhere if
you're aiming to go like this you go and
go somewhere so
best place to eat in Santa Monica okay
so the first store that I walk into just
PacSun has a bunch of dope stuff so I
try all this on yo I actually like
these Foamposites surprisingly I think
it's time for a new pair of these yeah
you know that was shoot palace in Santa
Monica which I believe just opened and
they got some dope retros man nothing
like super limited or anything like that
but a few of the past releases from like
a couple months ago so check them out
man I think the Dhobis thing they had is
the Liberty tens which I actually like
but maybe use a window sure but you know
this guy's hat is swaggin look at that
hey yo shout-out to this guy right here
shoutout to Tomo Christian fire cakes I
got more party yeah Arvind I'm done
looking around now it's time to start
filming so this is our beautiful
location that we will be shooting at I'm
going to start at the bench and I'm
gonna end a video on the sand well I
hope so last time I drove all the way to
Santa Monica
I forgot the memory card from my drone
today I Drive all the way to Santa
Monica and I forgot my tripod but
luckily I have my vlog tripod my gorilla
pod and I'm just going to use this so
we're going to make it work man
you
for today's kook except ax so deep and
so one so freakin beautiful man this is
literally 20 minutes from my house and I
never come here I need to start
appreciating the scenery out here man
like honestly by people drive like hours
and travel to be able to come to the
beach and I am fortunate enough to live
20 minutes with 20 minutes away from it
like there's so much I literally I can
come like do my editing here I could
come like work here I could come jog
here like I could take advantage of this
and I need to do that man so if you guys
ever just see me logging from my house
like not leaving for a few days man like
tweet me or something be like yo guys
leave your house and go do something man
you live in one of the most popular
cities in the world you know what I'm
saying so I got to take advantage of
them and I'm honestly blessed to be able
to live out here man this is beautiful
man that being said man I'm just going
to start doing some drone shots at the
shoes that I'm reviewing I don't even
know if I told you but my review opinion
on nmds so let's just say they're not
recyclable that they're just on here
because I'm taking videos so I got my
shoes over there I was ready to take off
and get a dope-ass shot but then my dumb
dumb idiotic self forgot the freaking
memory card again I always put it back
in my GoPro and I forgot to take it out
when I took our if I go by a memory card
I gotta walk all the way up there back
to the Santa Monica third Street and
then come back over here I mean I'm dead
man
huh somebody come carry me man
good morning guys first off I want to
say yesterday after I left Santa Monica
it really came home and just started
editing everything another great thing
is that I finally got my new vlog camera
from Canon they shipped me a refurbished
one so as you guys can tell there's no
little black dots and things like that
on here so I just got to make sure I
don't break this one now anyway guys
I've got some huge freaking exciting
news that I'm so so so excited to tell
you guys this is incredible man this is
like honestly this is like a dream come
true I must sit down for this one
okay so if you guys remember last week I
went to the Miami Heat versus the Los
Angeles Lakers game thanks to see geek
geek sent me because they watch me go to
a few games this past season and
together with sea geek and myself we
created a promo code for you guys to
where you guys get 20 dollars back from
any purchase you make on the on the app
and I guess a lot of you guys did use it
and you just contacted me and they told
me like yo all right you know you did
good your crew killed it so we want to
send you to Kobe Bryant's last game on
April 13th versus the Utah Jazz Kobe
Bryant's last freaking game of his
career do you guys understand this do
you understand how happy I am this is
honestly like a blessing man and I want
to thank SeatGeek
and most importantly I want to thank you
guys because you guys are making one of
my dreams come true which is to attend
the final game of Kobe's career and I'm
gonna take you guys with me every single
step of the way from the morning to when
I wake up to what I wear to what I eat
to getting to the game from being at the
game after the game what's going on in
the crowd everything the way I look at
it is like it's Kobe's final game like
there's gonna be documentaries about it
there's going to be like ESPN reporting
about it there's gonna be like you know
news channels all over the world
reporting from this one game but what
about the fans point of view you know
what I'm saying what about the
oceans in the crowd rather than just
emotions on the court so that's where I
come in and I'm gonna vlog that for you
guys and I'm gonna try to give you guys
the best vlog that I can I'm gonna take
multiple batteries so that my flawed
camera does not die I'm gonna make sure
to give you guys the best experience as
if you guys are there with me so if you
guys happen to miss the last time I told
you guys about CG psyche is one of the
best places to buy all your sporting and
concert event tickets they take all the
tickets available on other sites and
they put them together in one place for
you guys to make it super super easy for
you to find the best tickets available
every single ticket on the app has given
a grade so it's easy again for you guys
to find the best ticket available like I
said before once you download the app if
you do want to use my $20.00 redemption
code just go to the me tab enter in the
word Qi a s and that is it I encourage
you guys to use this man because I know
a lot of my viewers aren't guys and I
know a lot of you guys are going to be
going to a lot of NBA slash playoff
games so make sure you use it I mean
it's 20 bucks off so you know might as
well if you want to download the app the
link is in the description box down
below that is it for today's vlog I want
to tell you guys that the countdown does
start today and it is the countdown to
Kobe's final game the last chapter thank
you guys for watching hit that thumbs up
if you did enjoy today's vlog even
though it was kind of short I'll see you
guys tomorrow oh yeah and shout out to
everybody that watched the new video on
the main channel and now I'm done
peace three hours later show them what
you picked up today
how much do they want how much you saw
them for 200 where can they contact you
