Oh
what's going on everyone so I'm super
disappointed in myself I woke up early
so I don't waste any hours in the day
and I wanted to start all my work early
and then I fell back asleep like an
idiot to me not mine are pulling a prank
on yg today and now I'm running late
it's all good though because one day of
failure is going to equal a hundred more
days of success so gotta stay positive
man always positive vibes and let's just
get to our destination and let's get to
work and this is what we're pranking
what you it if you know what this is
then you know what's up fam I can do it
but your nap oh damn another day keep
sucking it away not a banana this time
that one of the imitation Oh what I
thought it's Friday yeah I know if M is
for exactly exactly why no bananas game
ID apples on Fridays put your bag in the
back seat all of a sudden you're
traveling we're going G alright guys so
we just got the location beautiful
beautiful view of Los Angeles
can I tell them what you guys are
filming okay so they got these guys just
reached 100,000 subscribers earlier this
year so they got their hundred thousand
subscriber plaque so we're making like a
little mini skit instead of them just
sitting at home to show you guys the
plaque they're making like a little like
a montage slash skit slash prank
so yeah we're about to film that right
now get some crazy drone shots this
guy's got to get the lighting down
no game
you
you
you
alright guys hope everybody's having a
great day I'm with the plug himself
hello we got the whole squad uniting
right now for a video shoot it's a
two-day video shoot today and tomorrow
and we're gonna be putting in a lot of
work today imma show you guys a few
things about it but not everything
because I want to keep this a super
secret I'm really excited about this
video and antonyms is ready to start
hustling it's 11:00 a.m. we're supposed
to start filming at 11:00 a.m. so we're
about an hour behind but it's so good
they got the Kylie Rihanna joints right
here ladies hop on your sneaker game
first sneaker pickup of April already
within two days I told myself I was only
gonna buy two pairs this month let me
show you guys what I picked up right now
supposed to be filming videos but we're
buying shoes but they did a restock on
these I didn't really know what the hype
was about I still don't know what the
hype is about I feel like these are like
a realist version of a row shrug but I
don't know I guess these are selling out
everywhere there's some type of hype and
Kanye's even aware of I just got him
four they're comfortable
I like how wide the foot is I'll do a
review on these on three kicks for sure
but
I kind of want to do something to the
nerves way too light for me
no way I'm not gonna run him over with
my car again
I restart we finally G three hours later
shown with you picked up today
how much do they want how much you
selling them for 200 where can they
contact you I like to see p.m. p.m. and
hit up with DMV selling his yn and these
guys sighs sighs what the people on our
side Turner ten and a half ten and a
half G is receipt in box receipt every
charter never tried on I don't know
where the receivers G but just know
they're up thank you I always watch you
fire you do so much in a picture of my
shoes no way I'm ever right now that I
am nice you can take a picture no way
okay all of a sudden this guy thinks is
at a library here again father
alright guys so we just filmed up with
the first half of the scenes we got
about five or six teens done we're now
going on the sand now to the beach
itself we're going to get some drone
shots as well so you know we don't throw
in the drone for the main channel one
time I'm pretty tired right now but we
just started now so keep pushing no guys
I have six on a drag I heard about that
actually official door holder I know you
wanted on one person's take advantage of
you out here man my blog is probably
super short today but after a long day
of building we have finally wrapped up
so man we working hard for you
you know I got a you know I got a cell
like yo let's do this you know what I'm
saying
but we put in work for them not for me
but
so yeah man new video will be up next
Sunday and the new video is today on the
main channel oh yeah whatever does come
out you got us where we are yeah where
are we over at CPK right now but I did
not order pizza I already see five
chicks aiming for the bride
so we're just talking about the tour
right now that we're trying to plan out
we have this CDs confirm I don't know
call me announce the city's coming stay
tuned we're going to announce the cities
this week and then the next step after
that is announcing the date so it will
be an end of July beginning of August I
can tell you guys that yeah anyway I'm
gonna go now because we are gonna have
the bread is already gone look at this
map alright guys so we are back at my
crib we've been here for about an hour
but to end the vlog I want to thank
these guys for helping me out today and
Jamie was not here but we decided he's
got my phone we decided to oh damn I
think I got a little sunburned today
alright yeah we decided we're not gonna
film tomorrow we're gonna from Tuesday
and heal a surgeon because 100-billion
urge could fit in one son now you know
now you know five six thirty five
hundred - bit of rap boyo
I'll sit no YouTube don't even look got
a lot of stats on it that you came in
look I got a book and I got a rook Jonah
- Farooq fight for this hala
