so a pretty crappy day today guys I've
been stuck in traffic most of the day I
drove all the way to Santa Monica beach
to get some drone shots and then when I
got here I realized that I never put a
memory card inside the drone so I can't
do anything with it so I've been in
traffic for another 15 minutes
wait what I've come to the conclusion
that today is the biggest waste of life
ever like I literally woke up
alright guys I went home changed up feel
a lot better about to fly this drone but
there's trees all around so I don't know
if this is the right location for me to
do it except like right above me so I
might go over there but the problem is
that there's dogs and I don't want dogs
to chase me while I'm trying to test
this thing out you know what I'm saying
yes I'm vlogging and I can't find the
freaking tripod for my vlog camera so
usually it's like held all the way over
here now it's like all the way over here
so you can see my Dolce
oh back to light
okay I felt really comfortable after
like a minute I'm always gonna play it
safe areas like this where there's no
trees around and we're good to go I'm
actually waiting for a homie to come
through he's gonna bring his drone to
and we're gonna have like we're just
gonna be testing out our drones and it's
kind of weird it's like when two friends
go and walk a dog together or something
like that but we're gonna be flying
drones
alright guys so this weekend I'm
shooting a video for my main channel
that I'm really excited about I think it
has a lot of potential and we're gonna
put a lot of work into it and that's one
of the main reasons why I'm excited to
have the drone back it's gonna I'm gonna
be doing some shots for that video I
don't wanna tell you guys what it is but
as the weekend goes you'll kind of get
hits and hints and kind of see what
we're doing so
there's auto takeoff mm-hmm no way see
right there yeah
 that's exactly what I knew is gonna
happen
holy crud that takes so quick
alright guys just finished up with the
drone shots with the homie yes yes we
got here man drone boy you got the
updated version on me but it's all good
you know I still got to get used to this
one before I can fly the big boy the big
one so we got some dope shots though
this is first time flying it - so we're
gonna slowly progress and get better and
better and do some dope for you
guys - yes but anyway if you guys wanna
check out his channel he got his vlog
channel going to use a Mobius yeah ope
ATZ yes sir I'll put it in the
description box I'm hell out of breath
just from that little walk bro that's
how out of shape I am but I'm testing
out this new mini tripod for the vlog
camera and I like this one a little more
than the one I used to have but this one
is a little bigger so I don't know it's
gonna be more annoying to carry around
or what but this one is a little pricey
guys this one is 50 bucks and it says it
was originally 80 bucks so I don't know
maybe I could just save this for the big
camera - if I need it I really liked
this new tripod I bought for my GoPro
GoPro I really like this new tripod that
I bought for my vlog camera and I've
been shopping at Target for the last 30
minutes and my car is my cart is really
full essentials and milk
it's okay for guys to have tote bags
it's okay
shout out to Matt park very proud of my
organization skills here guys so I've
got some really bad news I'm I'm just an
idiot man because usually you know when
I clean my sneakers I just used crap and
I just like clean it or whatever but
today I wanted to clean my turtledoves
and I was just lazy so I just threw them
in the laundry and they shrunk I don't I
don't know how this happened but my
Yeezys shrunk
april fools alright guys so some quick
updates for the people that have been
wondering i still haven't shown you guys
the hundred thousand subscriber nike ID
i made for crew kicks i want to be
showing you guys that next week on crew
kicks so stay tuned for that I think
there is something else that I have to
tell you guys but I can't remember I
think I'm gonna end the vlog here I
wanna apologize I know this one might
have been a little bit short
the drone shot or dope to me so
hopefully you guys enjoy that I'll try
to do more dope shots this weekend is
gonna be crazy man we are shooting new
video for the main channel which I'm
super excited about and I told you guys
about earlier in my head I feel like
this video is gonna go crazy it's gonna
go viral but you can't expect a video to
go viral you have to just make it as
great as you can make sure you're
satisfied with it and then if it goes
viral it goes viral that's out of your
power you just have to make the best
content you can make and that's what I'm
focusing on so I'm not gonna be like
your viral video coming soon viral video
coming soon I'm just gonna be like new
video coming this Sunday no no it's
coming out next Sunday new video coming
out next Sunday we're working on it this
Saturday and this Sunday but yeah we
hold on on top of that I'm probably
gonna confuse you guys hope you guys did
enjoy today's vlog if you did hit that
thumbs up man and I will see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog hello
you take your blindfold off you brought
me a Jenny Craig yeah going to the
Lakers game this is Jamie's first
