I know alright guys so hope everyone's
having a great day hope everyone's
having a great evening the plug is here
talk of the town guys we're gonna go eat
right now
go straight get some cheesecake factory
so basically guys if you don't follow
Jamie on Instagram JP JP JP Jamie no
longer works at r-fl I love that I'm
still gonna go there see me from time to
time I'm just gonna be there every day
like I used to
I'm not working there anymore Monday
yesterday the last day it's the best
thing for me at the moment yeah
sometimes you just gotta look out for
yourself you know what I'm saying that's
why I moved to LA is because I dropped
like everything I had over there to come
out here and you know do what I gotta do
for myself to take my career to the next
level you know what I'm saying okay so
you saw me on a conference call with the
guys earlier today talking about the
tour every time we have a little update
I'm gonna update you guys so basically
today's tour was to finalize the top 10
cities that we're gonna be going to
we're gonna be doing 10 cities in two
weeks
I can't say what cities they are just
yet but in a few days we're gonna
release the website that gives you guys
the city so stay tuned for that so you
guys can see that the COBE fate the
black pack for shoes have came out so
far oh wow what's not one - where's it -
I don't they have it - which one do you
think is the best oh damn - done I like
the Kobe won in the Kobe 11 I'm gonna
try to get the force today though
I'm sorry
I'm here to speak to you about one
problem which is spotting a fake shoe
everybody see that guy he's a fraud
champ
he's never pinned the real champ trust
everyone that watches wrestling with us
we're excited for this week's restaurant
mania we're having a big party
WrestleMania this ain't no weekly thing
this is Super Bowl this is the Ayatollah
of rock and Rolla
he's uh he's editing the linen cookies
right yeah and we just film today's or
tomorrow's cooking's and I'm starting
any guys finally all right family I got
a surprise for you oh my god oh my god
oh my god you're lying
yes sir the guy what is it but is it
thing you have to wear this and we're
gonna go this is not a bra this is a
mask yeah it's a surprise so well no
once we get into the card then you put
it on okay okay well let me shower
you ready yeah did you find the bean
yeah I got it kind of nervous I had to
bust out the easy twos though
he's gonna put the headphones and a
blindfold on you have to put the
headphones on actually until we get
closer
how many fingers am i holding up I can't
problem blind as it is I can trust a
really good mask he look like Robin
right now that's what she said okay so
Jamie is in the car so I just gotta log
into this is my seat geek account real
quick print the tickets and it should be
super quick cuz it's literally right
there on my profile
section 102 room 14 lower bowl Kobe
tickets for one of his final games I'm
so excited I'm probably more excited
than Jamie will be Who I am Billa to him
well he for sure let one go in here
while I was gone but I am Mexican inside
you brought out some hot cheetos somehow
some way bro he let one go gee I might
have to just turn around thank you
you're not gonna get brain to you I'm
afraid to yeah well I tried to but it
didn't work so the plugs might get
unplugged tonight
so now you can't see or hear me jaimé
okay jaimé jaimé you're not the plug
you up fake plug your fake-ass plug
I just told you for you to plug just cuz
you paid me can we honor you in exchange
for me for me break it down
okay you know what you know your jacket
huh jacket dude you have it on plug also
I'm sorry right here you know put it in
jacket you a general on drugs I'm soon I
feel part of them yeah you can cross the
street there's a step Oh what's going
through your head I'm scared you know my
true skating now the curb watches the
street right here jump where ends come
on come on keep walking straight Murray
the lights green rocks through right now
let's go come on
walk straight straight straight straight
keep going
oh okay go go straight oh my god okay I
get take the headphones off take the
headphones off all right a couple weeks
ago you told me you told me something
and when you told me that I was like you
know we got to change that so you can
take your blindfold off you brought me a
Jenny Craig going to the Lakers game
this is Jamie's first I'm watching Kobe
Bryant play excited no surprise yeah
good point
well Gracie Kobe yeah Kobe versus doing
wait Wow yo you can't buy the smart
never came to a Lakers game right never
never watched Kobe Bryant play no you
don't care about the Clippers so
SeatGeek
wanted to send me to a game so I told
him to send me to this game and I said I
was gonna bring you so you got a thanks
Iggy so shot alright guys so yeah we're
finally here we got like an hour and 20
into a game time which is really early I
like I never come to just to the games
this early but there's like huge lines
to get in I'm so excited because I'm
trying to see that Kobe play as many
times as possible before it's all said
and done you know what I'm saying so
speaking of the Mambo today is Kobe
Bryant bobblehead night so they're
giving out bobbleheads to everybody but
people are trying to get them before
they run out so hopefully we can get
them because I would have one back at
home my roomie got one when he came
versus whispers a couple weeks ago
probably get another one thank you not
only thank you so much oh yeah um you
know the video free yogurt free yogurt
land I'm hella happy I love yogurt land
shout out to the linkus for the free
yogurt land all right guys so we're
gonna go to our seats right now and see
where we're sitting so we're right here
guys they're pretty dope seats man
alright guys so halftime at the Lakers
game Lakers are actually keeping up
every single game I've gone through that
season Lakers have lost so hopefully
they win at least one game so hopefully
hopefully today thanks our guys so Kobe
hasn't played since the first four here
so I'm going on he's on the fan
the way that strange if you and every
single Kennedy is God and he's in his
third shoe of the day
but Kobe is not gonna look at your pal
Kobe's not gonna look at you
nice Lakers might actually win this game
my Avenue birthday
it's funny how Taylor Swift has a banner
in the Staples Center before the
Clippers do
guys it looks like a weights taken over
by a meme I win this one
anyway it helps them take the lead
to Johnson
damn garage door how's the overall
experience
goes like my mom and back in or for when
I was okay when you when repeats but
that's I never came to see her but
thank seats for that appreciate them and
Kobe only played the first quarter but
it was all good man we still got to see
him lace him up again next game I plan
to go to is his last game and that's
what I never told you guys is that all
those shoes I sold were so that I can
buy a ticket to the game like that game
is super expensive I know but I have to
pay I had to sell over
I had to sell 2000 dollars worth of
shoes in order to buy a ticket to the
Lakers game now obviously I'm not going
to spend $2,000 on my ticket but I'm
going to be spending more than a
thousand which I know that's crazy but
it's Kobe's last game so sneakers come
and go but Kobe's last game that's only
a one-time thing so all right guys so
this is gonna be the end of the vlog
it's actually the morning time I just
put on the same outfit as yesterday
because I can literally just woke up I
hope Jamie enjoyed his surprise I hope
you guys enjoyed watching his surprise
and none of this would be possible
without SeatGeek so I do want to thank
see geek again I just want to thank them
em because they gave me an opportunity
to give my friends something that he
possibly would never have gotten before
which is being able to watch Kobe play
even if it was just for a quarter for
those of you guys that don't know too
much about see geek it is like the
dopest place to buy and sell tickets to
games or concerts basically see beeg
puts all the available tickets from
different websites into one place for
you guys so it's super easy to find
tickets basically every ticket that is
on there is given a grade when you
scroll through very easy for you guys to
find the best deal based off the grade
that the ticket sale is is given you
know I'm saying so basically it shows
you the view of your tickets you just
scroll through pick the one you want and
to make it easier for you guys I did
include a download link in the
description box down below from there
you can go into my promo code that will
get you guys $20 off your first purchase
so basically all you have to do is go to
your me tab go to the promo code and
enter Q I guess and then that
we'll get you a $20 rebate off of your
first purchase so make sure you guys use
it because if you guys use it you know
maybe they'll send me to some more games
to keep it real with you guys so then
I'll have better food vlog footage for
you guys and we can do some dope things
to get there you know I'm saying so see
geek you know I'm ready whenever you
guys want to send me next I'm ready to
go man
anyway I hope you guys did enjoy the
vlog like I said before I will see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog I'm out
here Dreamcoat
