look I've been feeling of the way that
night I said it on the greatest but i'm
better than the up-and-coming ladies
happy going anxious to pick up a shit
chillin with a damn calm place no basics
and listen don't beat so i figured that
would gracie may put it down listen
first off you guys know yesterday's vlog
was depressing as hell if you didn't
watch it go watch it these are fake a
company tried to send them to me
basically he was saying that they're not
fake and I don't know what I'm talking
about and that all the pairs that come
out are going to be just like this the
main thing that I'm trying to get out of
this guy's is for you guys to see don't
just buy off of every website make sure
it's a trusted website or if you do buy
make sure you do get an authentic check
before you rock it or you know try to
show it off and people make fun of you
it's just personal preference like
obviously not everybody cares about
wearing figs but a lot of people get
worried about wearing fake so I just
want to let you guys know and a lot of
people actually tweet DM me and email me
asking to legit check their shoes I
don't reply because through pictures
it's kind of hard to confirm whether or
not and I don't want to be responsible
for that so I'm gonna make a video soon
giving you guys pointers about how you
can spot fakes like for instance
yesterday's vlog I wasn't just looking
at the shoe I was looking at the box
just little things like that so that's
coming soon you will never see these
shoes in my vlog again so anyway look
okay oh I waited like a month for this
and that's my fault because I sent it to
them really late but I crashed this
within the first 24 hours that i bought
it repaired it for 150 bucks the drone
is back oh so i'm going to my first ever
Hollywood movie premiere red carpet
right now I don't know if I'm actually
going to be walking the red carpet or if
I'm just going and there's a red carpet
there but I'm pretty sure no one's even
gonna Know Who I am so no one's gonna be
taking a picture of me even if I walk on
the red carpet but I'm just gonna go so
I could take a dope-ass Instagram
picture hello other than that the main
reason why I'm going is because it is
vitally and Roman Edwards movie premiere
for their natural born pranksters when I
first moved to LA there was two people
who I watched every single day which was
Roman and Casey nice
obviously hopefully I mean Casey one day
I might meet Roman today I've met Vitali
before get up did i watch the Box bump
every day and Nickelodeon watch the
shadow 51 that's my fucking shit I do
every day I watch it I chill and I
greatness fucker you can hate this you
got me team b to the 0 to the e to the T
we gonna put a little passion /
everything seemed looking for a dime for
it anything my ex had lots of a wedding
ring then she left me that's upsetting
man I love really try says no to you
come first it'll be okay up through the
words that a guide you let it guide you
when you can have a nice evening
guys the red carpets over there for me a
car kids be more interested in the free
popcorn soda were you shut up to the
home beach so c-czar mundo yeah nice to
meet you too brother that's sweet you
too man all right there you go
hey yo guys I thought I came in this
building with the best shoes in the
house this guy out did me some good look
at this even though they're Pumas you
feel me I don't really mess with us I'm
not a me feel bad so we're headed to the
after party right now which is across
the street from Staples Center the
reason why I'm talking about staples
thinner is because I'm gonna be in there
tomorrow watching the lakers versus the
miami heat game kobe vs the Wayne way
the last time those two will play each
other so basically shout out his seat
geek seatgeek there the one sending me
to the game they watch my vlog with
Harris when we went to the to the Cavs
game cabs and lakers and they said yo we
want to send you to a game this is a
good let's make a little partnership
going so she's seatgeek shout out to see
geek so yeah we'll be in there tomorrow
and I'm taking a surprise guest with me
but I cannot say who it is because I'm
gonna cut it called editing this cuz
editing G something you let what you do
and you know I'm gonna tell the video
you
Hollywood parties be like
what was that put the answer them
hey wait setting here to do this go
again he's eating good
I blf in the middle of something like
it's a riddle assignment I figure with
dad I got a couple honey muhfuckas
giggling cap so tomorrow shout out the
seat geek man seatgeek got me tickets to
the Lakers game man blessed alright guys
so we just got back home fire keys hi I
got to me a Roman Atwood finally this
guy's man before hey here are some other
cool people to some others youtubers
yeah some so what do you say about these
people selling fakes the geishas let's
just say we don't do fake scenic route
let's just say it's tough mood to go dad
good night everyone see you guys next
time ride your next pencil but my
picture to Dan so I'm gonna start
editing right now and then imma call it
a night oh yeah I'm gonna use my drone
tomorrow which I'm super excited about
thanks for watching oh yeah positive
vibes you see how yesterday I had a
really bad night breaking the law camera
the toilet paper and the sneaker
situation what I went to see woke up at
a smile on my face positive vibes all
day positive vibes going to sleep
positive vibes all week Loki I'm a
rapper but that's another story there's
there's not a lot of consistency on the
leather of these I'm not gonna lie I am
checking to see if they are legit
