it's really late man is 1:30 a.m. I'm
about to stop at FedEx right now because
they have something of mine well I was
in Cleveland and they kept trying to
deliver my package I was in home so they
needed a signature so I did just give it
to FedEx and I'll pick it up so let's
just pick it up have a good night 1:30
a.m. power moves family whip on wheels
shower
we got two sneakers in here we're gonna
unbox them today in the vlog for you
guys that's how we do it today that's
how we're gonna why my soul Piper I know
I won't focus on me anymore
oh okay I think it works is it work
it works it works still oh my god I
literally almost cried right now I
literally called today to pay for my old
G Senate 7x to get fixed at Canon this
one just broke the screen is cracked
thank God is still working and the
picture seems to be clear alright let's
talk about bad luck because as I was
going to wash the pomade out of my hater
I grabbed a towel and like as I grabbed
the towel my last roll of toilet paper I
guess I got pulled with the towel and it
fell right into the toilet it's 2:00
a.m. what next oh I'm getting sneakers
always makes me happy so Tupac six now
I'm only going to show you one of the
shoes because I gotta save one for crew
cakes I don't know why my hairs all
Justin Bieber right now but size 10 and
Jordan Retro 12 as you guys can see that
new Jordan 12 box before I get into
these I got to give a big huge shout-out
to they got a whole bunch of shoes on
pre-order like I'm looking at the list
right now and they go you got the Air
Jordan 12 retro card kind of sucks up
there and put anything on the back but
whatever
BAM Air Jordan 12 flu games this is the
2016 Air Jordan 12 flu games the red
looks a little more brighter on this
colorway then it has in previous years
if you know me you know my big Jordan 12
fanatic man this was the first Air
Jordan I ever had was the cherry
colorway this is the playoff colorway
Wow
there's there's not a lot of consistency
on the leather of these I'm not going to
lie I am checking to see if they are
legit obviously I've never seen a 2016
pair of these so okay so so when I get a
pair of shoes from a website and I'm not
100% sure obviously before I promote the
company I'm gonna check out the shoe I'm
not just going to trust them right away
as you guys can see this tissue is like
a stripe pattern to it and this one is
just solid as you guys can see on the
French blue pair I have the Jordan
letter is way more thicker than on the
new pair that I got you can even see
that the hole sizes are different on
here
this one doesn't even completely go
through you can see the the black on the
under of that one and this one is just
perfectly shaped and this one is in on
this box the black is lighter and on
this box the black is darker Nike
sticker on the fringe blues no Nike
sticker on the playoffs I got one more
Jordan 12 box this is from the master
colorway alright guys this is a dead
fucking giveaway right here look at the
retro card size this is the fake pair
this is the real pair come on man I
should have kin known right when I took
them out of the box it did take me a
little bit to notice but look at the red
around here this isn't even red now I
don't have anything to compare these to
but I'm going to compare them to my
french blues and my Master's alright the
first thing I noticed on the French
blues is that the tile print right here
look at this and then look at that look
at this this one look like it has
chickenpox G this one looks like it has
goose bumps what is this fam exhibit -
look at the size of this right here look
at the size of this one and then look at
the size of that one
this one looks like it's a golden gate
bridge or something fan what is this I'm
not going to lie the
man looks really good but again look at
his look at his lace you see that lace
it's just a dot look it over here it's
actually a poking out line over here is
just a dot I haven't even looked at the
two on here like this so you get to Wow
look at that tea look at that tea you
see the differences this one is a little
skinnier this looks like it was drawn on
with a Crayola from a third grader
okay this back tab right here they did a
really good job I cannot find any flaws
on this back tab let's look at this jump
man Oh Jamie is going to be proud of me
fam look at this look at the white
border on that one and then look at this
one this one has been like pressed this
one looked like it's been painted on
look up look how straight it is and then
look how casual this one is now I don't
have the inserts of the other pairs but
if and what is this and what is this
guys what is this I'm going to cut out
the websites name because I'm not going
to promote the website I'm gonna email
the guy right now and I'm going to be
like yo you try to play me as a fool you
try to make me promote fakes to my
audience
you try to trick me you try to be
generous and send me an extra pair of LG
1996 k12 so that it would take away from
those shoes and I wouldn't notice that
those were fake I don't even know if
these are real so basically I didn't
purchase these guys this guy sent me
these shoes to do a review on as long as
I promote his website he will give me
these shoes for free but he sent me
fakes he tried to get me to give you
guys a link to his website that sells
fakes so I'm gonna email him if he
doesn't own up to selling fakes and then
I'll expose his ass but if he owns up
and says yo they're fake imma send me
shoes right back to him he can do it
over the few months with them but listen
here at crew kicks here at crew TV we
don't quit fakes we don't - so don't try
to play me as a fool because I will find
out I'm pissed man if you play me you
played yourself I swear this is not
freakin planned at all this is not
planned at all and that's what's crazy
as hell I cracked my vlog camera when I
got home I dropped my toilet paper in
the toilet the whole roll my last roll
of toilet paper and then I open up these
sneakers and they're freakin fake it's
only been 2 hours and 38 minutes into
the day and it's been pretty but
positive vibes because positive vibes
will help me get through this day I'm
gonna edit this vlog I'm asleep wake up
with a smile because I'm still alive I'm
blessed I have a ton of other shoes that
are then ticking real people will try to
bring you down people gonna try to trick
you people are going to try to take
advantage of you but you know what we
don't let it happen man stay positive
man be happy I'm out of here
