okay so we're eating right now got that
font a dead chicken panini with that
broccoli cheddar you know being that
good good fur guys so yesterday I keep
watching the sneaker convoy yesterday
from yesterday because honestly it was
so dope to me usually things like that
the time goes by so fast and then after
you realize it but I felt like it was
the day went by had a good pace yeah so
I had a lot of fun and the highlight of
my day was I don't know just being
recognized in the sneaker game finally
Manatee just realizing that and you know
like talking to other people and having
them tell us that that you know our
videos entertain them and get them
through their days or whatever so so
thank you guys man ok so this is the
homie that gave me the carmine Six's big
shout out to him and everybody blow up
his Instagram it's mjt oh and why 92
tell him Thank You Man thank you for the
sneakers what was the highlight of your
day gee everybody oh it's like we do the
shape of fun we just start putting what
we used to conversate on videos like our
sneaker conversations or whatnot and it
just mad love and he's crazy no we're
just recognized
and then we stood there for two to three
hours just taking pictures she's nice
I like how everybody welcomed me to the
sneaker community because you know big
I'm not I'm not the biggest Nicorette
but I'm learning I'm doing my research
and people are supporting my research so
let's just say you know usually
resellers are frowned upon in the game
if you accept it so you're the first of
your kind that's what I love you gotta
accept it of me and my ways so thank you
guys so much let's just say fire fire
kids one of a rare breed Wow all right
guys so we just literally spent the last
two hours at Panera Bread working and
editing we didn't really get to enjoy
Cleveland cuz we were here for like a
day and a half of like non-stop whatever
but we just edited Jamie was bored as
hell because you had nothing to edit we
use on the gram like and girls picture
for sure
uber is outside so we're gonna go back
to the hotel get our bags and then head
to the airport actually so Cleveland it
was a short stay but it was a great
today will definitely move me back man
we'll be back for sure and longer a
longer stay because we need to enjoy it
so I tried to upload a main channel
video for you guys today but
unfortunately after I got finished and
everything and I tried to upload it said
it's gonna take over an hour and we only
have like 30 minutes until we have to
leave to the airport so I want to
apologize because I told you guys I was
in an upload but I didn't so I'll upload
on Wednesday on the main channel this
new prank / messing around that sneaker
con video so that's that we have 30
minutes to spare we're gonna play some
more pool I'm about to challenge fire
kicks let's see who wins trying to get
my foot this guy I literally just made
three in a row this guy didn't record
any of it and he was holding the camera
as if he was oh damn damn you know
proud of myself on that one Oh what the
hell is that hippity-hop her oh oh you
need a major comeback yeah
so you have any oh oh my
oh my god dude comeback season
oh my god oh my god
comeback of the year comeback of the
year without them there
we're running super late man
we literally have like ten minutes until
our flight takes off and I don't know
where the Hellfire kicks is that but if
he got caught off that baggage there
like literally pacing like whoever can
make it first to the flight they got him
hi guys security got him because he
tried to bring the crap protect water
repellent in his bag when I told me to
just leave both at the room it was
allowable but yes please adjust try to
change the rules over here let's just
say fire kicks needed to keep his shoes
dry hey this guy got held up at security
because he tried to bring the crap patek
spray oh alright guys so we are on the
airplane right now less than an hour
less
forty minutes
a boring-ass right he slept so much
we're not
what's good guys goodbye to fire kicks
first want to go home
yeah man what does this say it was a
wonderful trip wonderful time let's just
say more to come so many strangers over
the years I hope you can see the crowd
stay in the same is what I've been
fearing the most and I'm giving you
false
