alright guys so we are at this early was
on early morning over at this building
right now having some waffle shut up for
the homie dream
scare you talking about the journey app
which I've told you guys about been hot
cue ball go talk
alright guys so YG's about to go take
care of some business I'm about to head
towards RIF I'll see you tonight right
would you intervene
I guess sell some shoes I didn't know
about what you're doing a foot no I just
let's just say let's just I'm a talent
right now I'm never driving over that
foot so guys we leave tonight
late night flight 11 p.m. why she's not
going as sneaker game doesn't meet
expectations I guess I guess fire cakes
is only fire kicks in the Mahmood hustle
so what am i - so basically you're
probably wondering why I'm selling some
shoes I talked about this a little bit
in my vlog yesterday but the reason why
I'm taking some shoes - riff - sells
because I really want to go to a few
things and I don't want to just use
money out of my pocket so I rather sell
shoes - use that money towards something
which is going to be a once in a
lifetime experience so shoes come and go
new shoes come out all the time there's
always different opportunities to buy
certain shoes that you already have now
I'm just always do this like stay inside
what's the price I just hope I got
enough
it's prophesize gotta trust she gotta
also and she got some ties that's a plus
her heart is rose gold but she
hypnotized butter rush it's the lost
cause cause and effect of my real lady I
gotta put my mind in check and keep my
sanity sometimes I sit
back and reflect on all my fantasy
sometimes I want a little respect
another casualty or victim to the game
you can't play all of a sudden you tell
my brother David who David got kicked uh
why'd you pulling up like he's dead
Oh like one sophomore one time in our
life any way you raise the ceiling of
course shouts everybody help Leland a
lot we got tickets they send me
screenshots of you yeah yeah all right
down below we have a big set coming out
today I think my boy
Wendy Williams Kenny from there down
below new mixtape I being very edgy it's
really it's really like true gentleman
something these numbers bro what are
this boy easy easy time supreme a day in
the life of her fellow all right guys so
you're probably wondering now why I'm
doing this was it for anyone the reason
why I'm doing this is because I want to
go to
ova1 father crew Army at your house at 8
o'clock that's funny my Jimmy Brown get
this money see you tomorrow tonight I
see tonight hi guys I was literally
about to head home right now and then my
homie over at Nice Kicks Jeff he
actually just texted me to see how I'm
doing and I asked him I said are you at
the offices today so he's at the Nice
Kicks office over here in LA
hopefully I can film in there I don't
know
skates let's go all right guys I'm into
la nice kicks offices as you guys can
see all this nice kick stuff got some
shoes shirts a lot of business
mobiletalk going on in here we talking
about some big power moves so so it's
beautiful outside
shout out to the people at nice kicks
really cool people man Nice Kicks is
like a family in your future there
should be some dope stuff that I'm going
to be filming at nice kicks and uh and
doing some work with them so stay tuned
for that man's so yeah now back home and
I need to pack let's see if FedEx listen
to my note mother I do unboxings I do a
lot of like you know just I did one
prank where I'm firing cakes right
that's my youtube me and yo man yeah
yeah my cakes
alright case but they typing drew cake /
firefighting city of those two addition
pom-pom Ivies you know people just win
when you get latter term high B's it's
like when you when you just follow like
your trend yeah trend right here on your
West drop the shoes that's why yeah that
would be a height be easy but yeah
that's what I have on now people get mad
that I'm wearing it with you
then he gets him for free some time and
I look like all game for shit or email
and so you guys are you guys are the
entourage or what yeah tell him tell him
what that comment was last night What
did he say to you oh you know the
comment was on my home by somebody in
the fire case is the type of guy to wipe
his ass with crap protect you said that
some something some comments man they
say some rich shit like really be
recording this rail I'm recording him no
okay yeah I gotta hear him talk because
it's this this is good footage for like
people see what he goes through in his
life and we're just talking about it
keeping it real so okay we always get
the cameras on I'll be able to see this
or what yeah yeah I mean yeah we're
making like a mini documentary called
fire kicks bitch untold story okay yeah
you want to be in the video and uh sure
went on I'm CEO said to the man hey
how's it going guys I'm transporting a
fire kings yeah this man knows what he's
talking about
free markets you know what they say if
you don't have haters you're not doing
something right man
and let's just say yeah you keep doing
your thing man
thank you guys hashtag free cut free
fire cakes hashtag hook it over some
shoes alright guys so we just got to the
airport just made it to LAX fire cakes
you ready are you gonna do the plug you
ready our uber driver was doing his best
to get us on time we are we have less
than an hour to get to our flight but I
think we should be good to go
I'm super excited man traveling with
these two guys who it's gonna be a fun
weekend even though literally we're only
there for like less than two two days 48
hour boys it's going to be an epic trip
and I'll tell you guys sneak and cons
gonna be lit I still haven't told you
guys why I sold those for shoes like
where am I going but I'm gonna tell you
guys you stay tuned I'm gonna tell you
by the end of this vlog so normally tell
you when we are in there
whenever that seatbelt sign above your
head is eliminated you need to be at
your seats with your still our guys we
are on the plane right now about to take
off in about a couple minutes like 10
minutes and we're actually gonna end the
vlog here so any last words mister club
some psychics
call the fire marshal gibberish sneaker
event and
yes you could come in if you're trying
to sell some shoes that's the man right
there looking for size five ministry
yeah size 5 moonwalk get him off
thank you guys for watching this vlog if
you enjoyed hit that thumbs up if you're
in Cleveland make sure you guys come out
oh I didn't tell them the reason why I
saw both I tell them the reason why I
sold all those shoes should I tell them
in this vlog of the next one the next
item should be - oh my the semester I've
been leaning it on although I'll tell
you guys tomorrow
my predictions of Ben Affleck playing
Batman were 100% accurate it just didn't
feel right every time I walk saw him
walk into his friggin back
