alright guys welcome to today's vlog
episode as you guys can see we're out
here in downtown LA all-star weekend is
wrapped up thank God because it was
absolutely hectic it was still fun but
it was hectic and we just filmed a
little mini movie that you guys saw
yesterday if you haven't seen it go
watch it we made like an all-star
weekend recap mini movie inspired by The
Hangover also we're with watch us let's
go now oh yeah I know you know how do
these at appreciate him helping me out
shout out to Chris - there's a freaking
hair on my anyway yeah so the vibes are
right been a minute since we did like a
vlog like I've just been capturing
footage but this is like the first
official episode back which I'm going to
tell you guys more about because I want
to make the vlogs I feel like I'm just
uploading videos and not really giving
them titles or like I don't know I don't
know but I want to go back to having
episodes and stuff like that so this is
the first official episode back to the
vlog and it's not gonna be daily vlogs
but it's gonna be like the sometime
daily vlogs or something like that
whatever I decide to call it I gotta
think of a name but welcome to LA it's
Tuesday you ready to get the day started
fan even though you're leaving us to say
Black Panther vibes I need to go watch
Black Panther Real Talk but anyway yeah
let's get the day started we're wrapped
up here so we can leave and uh let's go
let's go catch a fire
alright guys so we're driving around La
now back towards Hollywood area and I
decided you know what I'm gonna over
today so I just picked up my first
customer and I'm gonna how is it okay if
I put you in the vlog sir why not why
not
okay I make like YouTube video so it's
not like like YouTube you you never been
on YouTube oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
that thing yeah yeah go ahead and go
what up I'm from London
my evil drivers a youtuber I guess well
you're not on YouTube either oh like
low-key yeah like fashion and although
anyway guys unknown is in LA for a
couple days so you know say we kicking
it right now we're actually going to the
world not the grand opening but one of
the newest sneaker stores in LA which is
kids so we need to keep shakes yes we
need I was thinking do they have cereal
at this one okay so I might get cereal
either cereal or ice cream or both or
whatever I'm really really happy that
kid is in LA I want to become friends
with Ronny fake so or fake obviously his
last name running in funny F I want to
be friends with Ronnie but anyway we're
gonna go in there I'm not sure if
they're gonna let us film hopefully they
do but yeah we're gonna go in there
check it out check out the vibes I might
buy stuff I might buy stuff too if they
have like dope stuff if they have some
of the stuff on the LeBron collection I
did get the the 10 to 15 LeBron kit 50s
online so those should be coming so
don't worry worry about those but
yeah we're gonna go check out the vibes
and check out the new store so we'll see
you guys there and if you're looking for
kids it's kind of hard to find it's like
an apartment complex so it's like you
got to park here and then you enter from
the garage
so you'll see a sign that says kid
outside though go ahead show
buh-bah easy that I can remember
I'm buying the how much are those 110
yeah and that's like 80 pounds
open up your note yeah that hit me
really hard if you have a special friend
just make sure y'all don't fall apart
out the dark into the light all the your
visions they come into life when you dig
deep in yourself when you ditch your ego
yeah it's gonna kind of call it out do
you want to hang out with me
I feel so lost if we don't speak I
brought my chunks for the blue cheese
and I stay a flower basically you know
you claim you got a little bit of milk
left first we got the cabin punch or the
milk in there and then you got the straw
but the cool thing about the straw is
not only is it a straw I mean a spoon
it's just damn it I gave it a damn it I
messed though not only is it a spoon
it's a straw we got the special LeBron
box by the way too this is called the
Kings Crunch or something
well oh um I forgot I don't really soak
it up in there you did ask us for this
for the book yeah exactly yeah
I really did all right guys so we are
back at the crib now and keith was cool
we still got some decorations hanging up
here guys so you guys missed the party
but hey I got a gift for you let's just
say she's gonna give me them the off
ways no I don't know got you some crew
you dinosaur shoes first
usually they call them watermelons you
called them the dinosaur shoes this is
your first pair easy he actually is that
uh Wow I never bought into the highest
rate on the feet you know how is it
wrong foot won't wear there you go
oh they're comfortable they're plentiful
right I'm actually cozy on my plane back
so long that's what I'm saying it's an
airplane shoes no joke
I might fight Japanese yeah anyway we
did go to KITT and your boy did pick up
something so let's see what's in this
kiss was lit definitely if you're in LA
you check out a whole bunch of stores
you got to go to this one it is new to
the la culture
thank you kiss right there even though I
spilled milk all over their full floor
please do not ban me from your store
because I'm definitely gonna be going
back insert clip of me cleaning up the
milk after
I just dropped the milk man the top but
yeah anyway they didn't have my size
they had a ten and a half which still
fits it's a little bit big but with
LeBron ones or zoom generations they
work oh my god you know guys how long
I've been wanting this in my collection
for years now almost 15 years now I've
been wanting these since the first time
he wore them in the rookie game when he
was going with Melo and D Wade till now
I've always wanted them the reason why I
never pulled the trigger is obviously
when I was younger I couldn't afford
them and over the past few years the
shoes already 15 years old so if I buy
an old pair it's not really wearable so
Nike basketball thank you for retro in
this shoe and I finally got it I'm so so
happy
I know Harris Harris if you're watching
this Harris has the og pairs if they had
his size I would have copped it but
literally they only had a size 10 and a
half and they had five pairs of ten and
a half and that's it other than that I
didn't get anything else I wanted to get
the LeBron Keith basketball but they
were trying to charge 150 for that and I
was like now I'm not paying 150 for that
but I did get the little kit cereal box
so I took that home yeah we'll add these
to the all-star collections oh yeah
let's see what did you buy oh we take
these check these I wish you both these
shoes just for this just for this my CF
force is coming out soon let's see what
it looks like with the Travis Scott
swoosh on there oh yeah let me put these
with the rest of the holster pickups
because you can remove unknown was
trying to buy this just plate off me so
you can put it on as Air Force Ones you
know we have to do it this way around
right yeah you got to be different it
sticks right yeah oh my god damn
straight on feet they should make a
black pair of the Travis Scott they have
a green hair that's supposed to be
coming out but yeah you know what you do
right now what you leave with one shoe
or you got one slipper on so yo walk the
walk talk the talk come on man
I'm ready
talk to talk man I'm gonna flight you
buddy now go fight you I'm sick no I'm
not gonna say this we she's bro and he
DS because one day I might be feeling
the flames one day I might be feeling
chrome one day I might be feeling
whatever the hell this swoosh is I'm
sayin so see if you can buy them on even
a check Travis Scott Travis Scott
swooshes if somebody smart they'll start
making velcro shoe shoes with different
designs or hey oh your boy the guy that
makes customs in London why don't you
say yo just make me like a LV supreme
swoosh velcro so yesterday in the mini
movie I remember that I didn't show you
guys two shoes so I'm going to show you
guys those two shoes right now because
in that video it was mainly about Nike
and Jordan Brand but this past weekend
adidas did invite me to their 747 event
and they gifted me a pair of shoes a
shoe that I really really wanted but
wait there was two shoes okay so this is
the first one now this wasn't really an
all-star sneaker this was supposed to be
a Valentine's Day sneaker but Steph
Curry decided to wear this for the
all-star game this is the curry for in
the pink
I forgot what exactly what it's called
but this one is dedicated obviously
Valentine's Day it's dedicated to his
wife so they did like a pink upper and
this is the colorway that they decided
to hold this is the colorway that he
decided to play in and I'm actually
really excited he decided to play in
these because the all-star colorway of
the curry four was so I'm sorry to my
people over at Under Armour it was
really really trash like an all-white
sneaker like this I wasn't feeling it at
all it looked just like the championship
curry for but the fact that he wore
these that made me really happy like
these are fire yeah I got these that's
one of the shoes I got they sent me
these so shout out to Under Armour from
DS and then the next shoe I would
personally say that this it's not I
don't it's too early to say sneaker of
the year but as of right now I would say
that this is the hypebeast sneaker of
the year and that is the Dame Lillard
babe collaboration now these are the
Dame fours and the fact that they did a
babe collab with a basketball shoe is
just mind-blowing to me so now you know
sneaker Conn Bay Area is coming
March 31st your boy might have to bust
these out on court when he plays in the
hoops classic because this is just like
this is screaming my name you know what
I'm saying you got the world gone mad
wgm you've got that signature babe camo
you got the shark print on the midsole
gum bottom like what else do you want
like this is the perfect high piece
basketball shoe this is the perfect IB
shoe and I'm saying like we got the NMD
babes we got the Dame Lillard babes I
still need the red pair which I already
ordered so I'm gonna be getting the red
pair unfortunately you know I'm saying I
have to pay that resale price but I
haven't bought the black pair I'm still
looking for a decent price on the black
pair but again shout out to adidas for
these hooking me up for these I went to
the event and they said they had a gift
from me shout out to Sharif what do you
think of these you said you don't like
him right yeah I'm not gonna lie I
didn't know wgm stood for what he said
it stood world gone mad
I feel just random letters this whole
time now you know Joe's weird
I'm not gonna lie it feels weird well I
mean it like the materials yeah that's
cool it's like supposed to me for a
basketball shoe I guess I don't know but
I like the fact that they didn't just do
like just a print they went all out
yeah with the teeth the eyes and
everything like I like how far they went
with these but I'm not gonna lie does
pink shoes you should I ever file you
like those those are like the high
fashion Balenciaga vibes oh yeah you're
right yeah like it's like a sock upper
yeah yeah it's actually fire I like to
buy them myself
now you know unknown black sneaker
basketball shoe reviews coming soon all
right guys so Oh my screens my stuff
today is actually Wednesday it's the day
after what you just saw unknowns back
here again
yo chillin basically I just uploaded the
mini movie and here's the thing with
YouTube now obviously YouTube a lot of
us youtubers have been complaining about
it but let me break it down for you guys
that think that we're just whining and
being spoiled little baby for us it's
like we do all this and then our
subscribers don't see our videos like
you know what I'm saying
assignment about the money like
obviously we get paid from YouTube we
make a living off of it but it just
sucks because we create this content
daily grind hard edit film all this and
then you post it and it does not pop up
in the sub box like I literally
posted the video okay it's been six
minutes and obviously I have multiple
YouTube accounts so keep refreshing it
and my video doesn't pop up like Tony's
video popped up but my video does not
want to pop up like I just posted it and
it doesn't want to pop up the only thing
that you guys can do is to turn on those
post notifications so basically any time
I post a video you will get notified you
just have to hit the little bell and
then that will you'll be one of the
first people to see my video or else
there's a chance that you'll never see
my videos when I posted YouTube is that
a really weird stage with all of it did
you say this yesterday or did someone
else say it where you said I feel like
for the first time of my youtube journey
I feel like I'm working for someone did
you say that yeah it feels like we
usually with YouTube it's like your own
you're your own boss and you make all
the rules and you you decide everything
but now I feel like I'm working for
someone which yeah I know it makes sense
because YouTube is a platform for us so
it's like I get it but for the first
time ever it's like I don't know I feel
like someone's telling me what to do
someone's like I'm not enjoying it as
much as I used to definitely I'm not
enjoying freedom obviously YouTube like
I love I love making videos I love
uploading on YouTube so I'm not going to
stop but I don't know man I'm like I'm
at the point where I feel like one day
but YouTube's just gonna be like hey
we're not gonna pay you guys anymore
like no more Adsense and then what we're
done no more videos no more connecting
with you guys and it's not even about
the money it's about making a living to
be able to make videos for you guys and
connect with you guys and make content
for you guys so at the end of the day a
lot of people are not gonna understand
where I'm coming from but some people
will understand where I'm coming from so
for the people who do understand where
I'm coming from thank you for being
smart anyway we're gonna go eat because
I haven't left my house I haven't ate
all dates 3 p.m. and I need some food in
my system so are you done for Cheesecake
Factory I haven't been there yes have we
went last time though right no I've
never taken you missed it oh the
Cheesecake Factory we'll see you guys
there guys so unknown walks in and I was
like yo so they got like a full menu
here and he goes wait I thought it was
only cheesecake and I'm just
like they got another food here it's not
just the Cheesecake but the Cheesecake
is fire so you're gonna have to try a
cheesecake I'm gonna pick one out for
you all right I'm ready this is a cute
little day yeah it is yeah but you know
who's missing our other London mate Ryan
Ryan we know you a baby daddy now but
you got to make time for the boys we
miss you stop getting arrested stop
doing illegal break-ins if you're gonna
do one you got an idea for one and but
anyway we bout to go in and eat some
good food guys guys unknown got me over
here at Whole Foods looking for waters I
told them this place is way too healthy
for me even the toothbrushes here
they're organic I can't do it guys I
can't do it man this place is way too
healthy for me after unknown left I
actually passed out on my couch for most
of the day I'm currently on my laptop
I've just been handling some emails
taking care of a few things for you know
the business side of YouTube and all
that one thing I said at the beginning
of the years I want to be more open with
you guys I want to take cares more about
my life you know some of the behind the
behind-the-scenes stuff now I haven't
been posting this year as much as I
would want to post it's just I've been a
little bit more picky about my content
but like I mentioned in the beginning of
this episode I want to go back to these
videos that I upload not just being
random videos I want this to be a
consistent channel with episodes I want
it to be a story I want you guys not to
just pull up to this channel and be like
yo like what's going on like I want it
to be organized anyway what's going on
with me and what's going on next like
all-star weekend was like the thing I've
been talking about over the last few
weeks and obviously it's gone as far as
like a vents go the only thing that I
really have going on is sneaker Conn Bay
area and that is March 31st and April
1st it's the first ever two-day sneaker
con in the Bay Area which is my hometown
which I'm really really excited about
because we are going to be having the
hoops classic for the first time in the
Bay Area so I'm really really excited to
be playing in front of all my friends
and family from the Bay Area other than
that the only thing that I've got going
on besides planning a wedding is
the fact that I have to move out of this
apartment in one month the main thing is
me just trying to find a new place to
live for the next probably for the rest
of this year I love LA I really do love
LA but I'm at the point where I don't
know if I need to be here anymore I
would personally be happier outside of
LA like maybe in Orange County or
Burbank or Glendale but I know for my
content being in LA is ideal and it's
gonna be the smartest decision there's
so many questions and I've just been
thinking about them over the past two
months and really really really trying
to figure all that out but 100% I'm
leaving this apartment I already gave my
notice that I'm leaving so yeah that's
pretty much what's going on with that it
that thumbs up if you all one last thing
of course how can I forget we gotta
check the numbers we are at nine hundred
and fifty five thousand subscribers that
means we are 45,000 subscribers away
from one freakin million 45,000
subscribers until I get that giant play
button oh my god I'm so excited and on
that note I'm out of here
thank you guys for watching dream could
chase all your damn dreams make them
come true you know we out of here
no plans no plans on a Saturday no plans
no plans I couldn't head your way wanna
get to you but honestly I don't know how
it's me against
