and then people know
New York vibes what's going on guys hope
everybody is having a great day today we
are actually in New York City so
yesterday we were in Memphis or two days
ago we were in Memphis and we decided to
stop in New York City for the day or for
two days so that we can handle some
meetings and yesterday we actually just
chilled and we went shopping and and
just you know relaxed a little bit but
today is Monday and today we have some
meetings I'm meeting with the sneaker
con team later and right now we are
about to go to a photo shoot for
something special which I'm actually
wearing it is just super super cold
right now so the photo shoot that we're
doing is for BAM the private label dream
crew collab now I've been teasing this
I haven't official I kind of like posted
it on snapchat here and there I've been
wearing it trying to you know show you
guys some clues and whatnot but I
haven't officially shown it to you guys
so in December we are dropping the
private label dream crew backpacks yeah
I'm dying right now it is so freaking
cool
all right guys so I'm going to take over
the gloves for a little bit because case
is gonna be shooting for this
the lab and yes we can
ready where'd you get you Nicole cause
snoop
those club peanuts for that
I do right here
so you know it's real
okay story guess there
like this was crazy
or whatever New York okay guys so now
we're in this subway we're gonna be
doing shots of myself like putting
sneakers into the bag as you can see the
strap is actually 3m but when you open
it up the whole entire inside is 3m
which I've never seen before on the
backpack I haven't even seen it back
back with 3m straps so we going next
level with this thing
alright guys so let me show you at the
inside of the bag basically all three em
right here 3 em on the bottom 3 mi here
on the back laptop sleeve 3 em on the
opposite side and then even the sleeves
wait what are these officially called
dividers dividers even the dividers are
3m so you could choose where you want to
put it if you want to do half if you
want to put 3 I usually put 2 I usually
put one right here and then another one
I put one shoe here one shoe here and
then I put my laptop on the top one I'm
just gonna do it sloppy right now but so
I usually when I travel for miles like
compute on my laptop not my lap so I put
my camera right here with the gorilla
pod and then we're giving these away if
anybody loves me these are so fire oh my
god we have a few hours before we head
out to out of the city to go to another
meeting and we're gonna enjoy Soho right
now it's getting a little sunny so
that's good
we're gonna go to kids right now and get
some cereal my favorite part of time
cereal cereal cereal cereal we're gonna
go get some cereal from kids they
probably won't let me film in there cuz
they didn't let me do it last time but I
heard that they made the store bigger so
I'm excited to see that and have some
bomb-ass cereal and then we're gonna go
to like Stadium Goods and a whole bunch
of other things also I'm really sad
because Adam and slim are in Dubai right
now so they're not here you know they're
from New York but I'll see them next
month for sneaker call in New York and
I'll tell you guys more about sneaking
on New York later because I got to tell
you guys about the teams for the hoops
classic it's gonna be epic man I'm
getting tight right now someone put the
camera away so when you eat this damn
cereal I'll probably get some videos on
my phone and put it that's what I'll do
all right yeah I live
retail boys boys Cap'n Crunch French
toast crunch cinnamon toast but would
you get for the win for the win alright
guys so we had to stop in Stadium good
one time we went to the off-white storm
got off white and we got the hyper
Dunston retail at whatever hi doing but
you good thank you man you want to be in
it
like I was saying we just went the
stadium Goods no pickups there even
though I saw a few things that I was
interested in I just didn't feel like
buying anything just because I could
just get it off goat I'm trying to get
things that I can only get in New York
City I didn't get anything from Stadium
Goods I did pick up something from the
off-white store the off-white store is
super low-key but they have like the
champion collab there so if you're in
New York
make sure you search it up 51 Mercer is
the address and then we came up on the
hyper dunk off whites at Kipp I guess
people didn't pick up their pairs for
retail yeah so she got a size 8 which is
the smallest size and she actually has
three pairs from the off-white
collection and I have three pairs she
has but she has the complex context to
severe force one so she's kind of like a
one up on me but I have the bit yeah I
have the vapor app but vapor Max's we
both have the hyper don't and yes she's
actually gonna wear the hyper dunks so
even though she doesn't play basketball
but I'm issuing a challenge right now I
guess I'll say right now I want to do a
two-on-two last time me whisper wadis
you know I'm saying I beat him so maybe
he needs a little bit of help so I'm
thinking bharata's and Jackie versus me
and Mina two-on-two basketball and then
you can wear your hyper don't everybody
tweet Branden and let him know we want
that two on two we'll come to San Diego
you know I'm saying we'll come to San
Diego and we will make it happen and
then the losers got to take the winners
out to dinner yeah deal all right
Brandon Brandon and Jackie we calling
you out right now I'll show you guys all
of our pickups later I also got I think
is this way I also got something some
just on Jordan shorts at kids I can't
believe they still had him the blackout
ones but I'll show you everything for
next time when I come to New York I need
to know like I know about stadium goods
but that's like the only place I know
that resells like supreme is there any
other stores that resell supreme out
here cuz nope nah probably not I'm gonna
buy any Vance
I already got the fear of God's waiting
for me Oh
retail boys oh that's another thing I
forgot to mention that so a complex
called me and asked me to entered the
raffle to win the fear of God vans we
both won I don't know how we don't have
any friends we don't have any hookups
literally we both won apparently there
was 500 winners and the thing was to
pick up the shoes this Saturday but
obviously I was in Memphis so I gave my
ID to my brother-in-law
and he picked it up for me he acted like
he was me I didn't tell you guys that
beforehand because I didn't want anybody
else to go pretend they were me and try
to get it so he has my pair secured so I
got them for retail no disrespect to
anybody I got lucky man I had no plugs I
just got lucky at complex con but I'm
excited to go pick up my parrot amaro so
it was honestly a good weekend for
pickups man retail boys retail boys
finally all right let's go to bathe now
they're not gonna let us film in there
too but hopefully we can find some fire
stuff there is Oh
frickin New Yorkers you might go to the
new round two so they open you guys know
I always go to round two on Melrose they
open the round two in New York City
recently poke you want to stop by there
check it out what up chillin man yeah
come through alright guys so we are in
round two first thing that caught my eye
of course I'll fight Air Force Ones this
is not that complex con 1 this is a 10-1
size 10
alright guys so round two pickups
Calabasas pants one for me now one for
myself
off-white Air Force one's for 500 that
was a steal and then everything else we
got is this our uber yeah alright let's
tell it pop the top
yeah we did damage so yeah we just need
to keep warm right now we're not we're
not cut out for this this cold weather
you're fine here - suela marcos I'm
gonna be one of those people that person
is
so yeah we're not cut out for this cold
weather guys we were just some
California born and raised kids
