what's good everyone hope everybody is
having a great day as you guys can see
it is beautiful out here in Los Angeles
I don't know if the lighting adjusted or
what now but anyway it's currently 12
o'clock 12:23 actually to be correct I'm
about to go meet up with yg West so I
can film today's quick kicks video and
then I got to go edit it and post it so
I'm doing a last minute video like I
always do on coup cakes which is really
bad I'm on the edge so I have a old old
iPhone 5 this is not a 5s this is iPhone
5 and it's literally been dead in my car
for months
like nobody's used this phone for like a
year I'm thinking about pranking yg
because he this is the phone that he
uses so he has the five I think he has
the 5s but it's the same shape so I'm
thinking of pranking him and being like
yo can I use your phone and then when
he's not paying attention just practice
on the ground and be like oh Sh I think
I might do it you guys remember that leo
wall art in Los Angeles that I showed
you
well this is what it looks like now it
is Batman versus Superman which is still
super dope but I kind of liked a little
more alright guys so we are out here in
LA live across the street from stay
percent Staples Center about to start
filming with the one the only straight
out of Mexico as you say that what
happened to make up let's chase for many
times did you drop the soap in prison
guys if you don't want if you guys don't
wash your go watch it alright they had
some trouble with the Mexico de la
policia was after your boy I love
alisios after you point I sure there's a
lot of corruption going on but as you
say man I was about to go to jail make
up
in Mexico stays in Mexico I was about to
go to jail Mako's it was it was tough it
was hectic but the end of the day man
leaving Michael damn I so we're about to
start filming the review on the Covey's
damn look at that bag do this size then
the homie Hearne came with a fire check
it out he got the kobe fade to black
pack bro alright guys that's it for
filming today it's hella hot outside
shout out to watch you for helping me
you gotta go to class now I'm going to
watch Batman tonight are gonna watch it
what's your tonight came on today it
comes up like a six or seven long got
that mission Batman Oh is she even
though I don't like been at the Affleck
I still run with Batman what about you
who you got ba bababa
all of a sudden tape open
since you went to Mexico rapping I look
right I won't in public right when that
came I love riding my torturer I wanted
always a yeah what you guys who watches
rest
you guys here for uber I'll trying to
send the picture over huh yeah no I'm
half no chanting my shoe picture
Oh
Jenna bring you their braids
yeah
there's literally no beating LA traffic
honestly like it's there's no winning at
all
91 premium all day tomorrow I might be
making a huge huge decision that would
not like crazy decision like career wise
or life wise but like sneaker wise so
sometimes you have to put life before
sneakers that's corny as it sounds so it
just got to the movie theater wish I got
here a little bit earlier because I know
there's going to be a little line but
should be able to get some decent seats
so it should be good let's try to get
some decent seats and now they even at
midnight there's traffic
what is this family so the movie
literally just ended 30 minutes ago
I don't know man I got a lot of mixed
emotions about this movie first things
first
my predictions on Ben Affleck playing
bass basketball my predictions of Ben
Affleck playing Batman were 100%
accurate it just didn't feel right every
time I walk saw him walk into his
freakin Batcave trying to be all serious
and
I just look like it was like fam what is
this come on G put them back in one of
those serial killer movies like come on
I'm literally not even moving on the
freeway by the way guys if you like
comic book movies it's a must watch I'll
give you that there is good scenes where
it's like wow that was dope of shit and
maybe I was talking a little smack but
it is it is a good movie so I would
watch it but it's not the best comic
book movie it's not and it does Batman
does not live up to the hype yeah so I
just got home
I missed the package so I'm super
crapped out yesterday in the vlog I
showed you guys my room there's honestly
it's it's wet it's worse now yeah it's
probably not gonna get clean until after
Cleveland so I think we just ended on
that note right what am I fucking
talking to bro honestly I'm just gonna
leave this thing outside the window and
I was like yeah I was gonna go for ten
years ago you could have it so he let me
get the size 10 and yeah man does I'm
gonna do a full review on these on crew
kicks so yeah I'm not going to show you
guys too much
