good morning guys it's currently 8:30 am
going to Nike to wait for the Coby ones
from the fade to black pack not sure if
there's gonna be a line or not hopefully
not but even if there is hopefully it's
not that long I brought my laptop so
that I can edit in the meantime cuz I
have a hour and a half until they open
we're gonna turn them
move our I've to ten out of time
it's up to you if you're not in line
we're not gonna wait okay so they gave
us a wristband it holds us our spot in
line and we have 40 minutes to get back
in line before they open hopefully I get
shoes go home do a review uploaded the
cupcakes fast pace I heard they have 150
pairs or so so we should be good to go
because I am number 44 oh yeah people
showing up in line with like literally a
dude in there who has like a little girl
a little guy a mom and aunt and they're
all just gonna buy him like six pairs so
he can resell it man this game is just
so crook
and we argue with crew kicks I hear in
the Grove Nike town but I get the COBE
ones let's go fade to black
Kobe last year that's good show them the
shirt though that's what I noticed
before you give us a table baby
where'd you get that even pop-up shop
you were in New York
how my sister got it like you
behind it what's up bro Josh should I
call me a tenant
all right guys so as you can see I did
get my size 10 so I'm super happy oh I
don't even mention what I'm doing
tonight so tonight guys I'm going to a
concert and I'm going this is really
unexpected like I'm going to the Justin
Bieber concert tonight all I can say man
is shout-out to the frickin plug man the
plug you knows who he is you guys know
who he is somehow someway last week I
hit him up on my gosh angles Justin
Bieber concert he's like I got you don't
even trip few days later he emails me
saying with the friends and family
request ticket request form I fill it
out next thing you know I got tickets
waiting for me at will call friends and
family tickets to the Justin Bieber
concert I have no idea where my seats
are I'm not saying they're freaking VIP
I'm gonna be close to the stage but I
mean I'm gonna be in the arena so we'll
see what it is like if I'm at the nose
please maybe I'll be crapped out but I
mean I can't complain you know I'm
saying I got him for retail price and
Justin Bieber tickets are going for like
freaking six seven hundred eight hundred
a thousand dollars that gets ridiculous
man JB is killing the game shout out to
JB so I'm back home check this out first
of all comes in a special Kobe Nike bag
which is super dope kind of crapped out
but the box is really messed up but
whatever I mean I still got my size I
got the last size ten so a shout out to
Anthony he was actually in front of me
and he asked for a size 10 but they told
him that the box was messed up messed up
and then he's like great so you want a
size 10 I was like yeah I was gonna go
for 10 years ago you could have it so he
let me get the size 10 and yeah man does
I'm gonna do a full review on these on
crew kicks oh yeah I'm not gonna show
you guys too much okay so originally I
said I was gonna do a review on these
today and post them today I decided to
hold off and I'm gonna do it tomorrow
and I want to do it outside of Staples
Center because obviously that's where
Kobe you know scored 81 points in this
model that's where Kobe freaking runs LA
that's where Kobe's created his legacy
so I'm gonna go outside the Staples
Center and I'm gonna record the review
on these and do some dope-ass shots and
fun man so yeah shut up to keep keep
stir and then shoutout to Kobe let's get
right into the nudes alright guys so I
left my vlog camera at home like an
idiot but I just came to the Lakers game
Nam's kidding I'm at the Justin Bieber
concert shoutout to the plug hopefully
it's a good show I never seen Justin
Bieber in concert so yeah we'll see what
happens they'll be interesting man he'll
the people are looking at me while I
vlog right now so awkward so we just got
to our seats and puffs alone so post
Malone is opening up for JB which is
good for me
I'm so blue are you ready for Justin
Bieber you look like a smurf
all right guys so we just got done with
the Bieber concert
honestly what do you think all of a
sudden look it's just still crack it
outside
my god now it's time to leave I'm back
home it's 3:00 a.m. I see you don't
think I'm gonna be able to clean all
this up before I leave to Cleveland
like I'm honestly taking that back to
Cleveland so I might just close it up
and take it like that we're taking
Spirit Airlines which is like the
cheapest airline known to mankind
I think me Jaime and fired kicks are all
gonna put our stuff in one luggage
because we're only gonna be there for
two days we would we literally leave
Friday night at 11:00 p.m. we get to
Cleveland at 6:00 a.m. we have to be a
sneaker con at 12:00 p.m. so we have
three six hours to rest and get the
sneaker con so all I keep thinking about
is what sneakers I'm gonna wear what
outfit I'm gonna wear and is anybody
gonna show up for us that's the scariest
thing I thought nobody was gonna show up
for me
Florida secret con and hello people came
so thank you to everybody who did come
hopefully I don't know Cleveland is I
feel like it's a smaller sneaker
community but we'll see man I'm mostly
on me even if one person comes and says
what's up I'll be happy as hell that's
all that freakin matters to me but we
have a good time man we were gonna have
a really good time I don't know if I'll
ever wear this because I feel like I'll
be a freaking I think it's against guy
code to wear it Justin Bieber t-shirt
but I just bought it because it's dope
maybe I'll just wear it to go to the gym
or not even the gym maybe I'll just wear
it to let me bring this up maybe I'll
just wear this around the house but it's
it's simple like this a guy can get away
with wearing this it's a purpose tour
and then on the sleeves it says Los
Angeles on the back it just has the tour
dates and then it says Bieber see this
is the only thing that I wish I could
just take off because I feel like that
just makes me like I don't know I just
feel weird wearing you Justin Bieber
t-shirt so I don't know if I ever wear
this guys let me know do you guys think
that I should just like keep this in the
closet and not wear this or do you think
it's like whatever where it's it's
whatever it's like wearing 'is this much
we're not really but I do feel like
Pablo I'll see you guys tomorrow and
I've been doing daily vlogs this whole
week so I hope you guys are enjoying
that and I'm gonna continue to do it
because there's a lot going on
dude there is a lot going on and you
guys will see that within the next few
days and weeks and months and years and
year I think that's it
BAM man already in freaking far in four
months for free
