hope everyone's having a great day I
just got to the airport in SFO about to
check in so right when I get back to LA
I gotta go home and film today its crew
kicks video edited uploaded so that's
pretty much going to be most of my day
and then there's a few things that i
want to remind you and talk to you guys
about for the rest of the week like for
instance i'm going to Cleveland I'm
pretty much going to be vlogging every
day for the rest of this week which is
surprising I know the other thing I want
to talk about which is very depressing
as it comes up closer and closer is the
last game of
April 13th is going to be a very sad day
for Kobe fans for laker fans for the
game of basketball and I'm trying my
best to be at that game his last game
April 13 verse Utah Jazz but it's
expensive it does feel good to be back
in LA time to get back to work I want to
be home already so I can just throw all
these bags on the ground on back home
and start filming you always all right
so what's going on oh sorry I kicked it
today with big fire guys so I'm just
gonna go ahead and unbox this already
just because I'm super excited for it as
you guys know I got my nike IDs which
were made in honor of reaching a hundred
thousand subscribers on crew kicks my
sneaker channel crew kicks has brought
so many opportunities within four or
five months i think it's five months now
but it's just it's a blessing man people
are recognizing the channel they have
trust in the channel like these
definitely like companies send me these
sneakers that aren't even really release
yet so that i can review on i'm enjoying
it so much because it's something that
I've always loved and I can finally like
share it with everyone and it's just
it's just the best thing in the world to
me and I really want to I really really
really really want to thank you guys
because right when I announced the
launch of crew kicks like my audience
that was there with a log in the main
channel they were ready for it and it
got ten times bigger than I expected it
to get in just five months so I want to
thank you guys because without you guys
and without you guys subscribing in the
beginning this wouldn't be possible ah
what if this wasn't even it like what it
supposed to just something else and I
hype this all up for no reason oh wow
fail open this bad boy up we know you
don't do this for the rewards you do it
because you have a drive to create and
share here we go guys BAM man already in
freaking five and four months for
freaking months man Dan BAM youtube
congratulations for surpassing a hundred
thousand subscribers on crew cakes
another one do check the shelf out man
this is freaking gorgeous I'm so happy
right now when dreams turn to reality
man that is what it's all about that is
what life is all about all right so this
was the first 100,000 subscriber plaque
I got for the chi somar channel and this
was the nike ID i designed in honor of
that it's LeBron 12 and then second was
the crew TV one and this one actually
happened recently so I just got the
Kyrie tues in this all gray with the
black and gum bottom and then I just
obviously got this one which is the crew
kicks one and you're not going to be
able to see the shoe until later this
week on crew cakes this friday on crew
kicks the unveiling of the honey k nike
ids for the crew kicks channel i legit
been in bed all day man and i'm tired as
hell anyway there's go to the living
room for a second so earlier you guys
saw me on google+ meeting with my
friends achmad YG & farooq we're slowly
getting everything in order and this
step one is here and literally i'm going
to include you guys in every single step
so basically step one is picking the
cities and the names wait taking the
city
these and picking the name of the tour
and that's where you guys come in for
step 1 name the tour com name the tour
com which looks like this so basically
super simple super simple super simple
way out all you gotta do is scroll down
tell us what city you'd like to see us
in so you put your name your last name
your email the city you want us to come
to and then your suggestion for the tour
name and then you just click Submit and
that is it and it also it has the five
pillars or I've metallurgy and my dream
cruise so you can click that and go
watch my videos if you want so that's
step one step two after that is actually
choosing and narrowing it down to the
most popular cities from there we have
to get in contact with hotels trying to
get a tour bus get the venue's get some
sponsors you know what I'm saying we're
trying to do a big man which why not you
know what I'm saying so hopefully it all
works out it's a process so yeah man
step one make sure you guys go to name
the tour com enter your city and
hopefully we'll see you guys soon are
you picking up some fire lately G what
is this LeBrons closet let's get married
so I have a thing you should be doing
the opposite at this time of your life
