I come back to the vein I come back to
this crappy crappy crappy super crappy
weather so it's almost 5:00 p.m. all day
literally I was editing and I was so
annoyed editing I don't know why I think
this because like the TV was on
downstairs just like too much
distractions out here I'll be fine
though I'm survived I got my work done
okay so I just got these from Phil I got
these back in December when they came
out he got him from me discounted shot
to the plug and I got it for 150 but I'm
not gonna keep them I'm gonna take them
to Sol supremacy which is a sneaker shop
outside out here and see if I could get
more than 150 for them and I'll be
chilling so I don't like no actually wow
these are nice I forgot how nice these
were damnit now I gotta think about it
so here since we are actually about to
meet me up at soul supremacy and you
know this window doesn't close
anyway so we're going to the soul
supremacy I got like six five or six
shoes I'm going to sell to them its
issues that I have back home just
sitting there I'm looking to do a trade
but we'll see what happens maybe I'll
get some cash maybe I'll get two shoes
you never know what this thinker game
you know what I'm saying so we'll see
what happens
what's up firms back at it again going
to sole supremacy it for the first time
in a while these are all my shoes guys
look at all these kicks
look at the size rate from what I got a
decide if I want to trade if I want to
get cash this is a hard decision but I
want shoes do ya wanna trade all that
for my special there's nothing you don't
I won back so I got about $700 for that
though all those shoes right there's
about $700 so I can decide whether to
get another sneaker or to get cash and I
think I'm gonna go for another sneaker
show us what you're picking up today fam
he's got hold on yes practically
practically that's your pick up for
today damn first game walk y'all know we
don't do one thing that's a she said I'm
sure y'all are you picking up some fire
lately G what is this LeBrons closet
about to get married so I have a thing
this you should be doing the opposite at
this time of your life I am playing my
well that's Oh all-star games in LA 2018
no I saw way up so basically these are
the shoes I saw the weeds
these beat us sixes
anniversary ones which I don't open
yours in a suitcase tick Covey's I just
got from Phil and HTM will be tens if I
want to get a 2016 fire black I'm gonna
sleep on it walking out with a pair of
Yeezys fam walking out every column with
a pair of Yeezys
I paid pretty much resale for the easies
but all those other shoes pretty much
I've been just sitting at my house back
in the bay and one of them was a size
twelve and a half
the other one is beat as hell like
whatever train bag on the road but this
oh hell no I'm keeping these bro look
this is I'm keeping these on ice until
my other pirate my pirate bucks are
 up like I owe him a lot yeah so
let me just keep these on ice for like
another year or two so shout out the
soul supremacy this is a 2016 pirate
blocks I do have the 2015 imma keep
these on ice you see how it kind of
looks more matte on the bottom huh what
am i trippin more cushioning on the
inside hit a thumbs up if you want me to
do a comparison video even though it's
already done so ed what are your
thoughts on that money I I mean more
cushion for the pushin you know that's
what you say man alright guys so we
decided to come eat at falafel Corner
swags in the bathroom but the lonely
burger sits as you guys can see that
turkey bacon B phenomena just looks
amazing now you love Bernanke if I were
you
he's trying this you can't let go that
thing you let go let me go when you get
so close
three husband
alright guys so on this rainy day we're
in the mood for some yogurt land so
we're gonna get some yogurt Oh guys we
got al bundy from home-improvement never
seen that show i don't know i don't know
that means you took suckers replacement
for express dishes yesterday
chef good I like strawberry so I'm gonna
come over here Pam and we get little bit
of strawberries little strawberries in
there stay healthy always yesterday's
vlog if you watched it when we were
doing the fake fighting scene Bobby took
a jump and his ankle he landed and his
Easy's roll cuz the traction on the
bottom of his Easy's are so gone he
rolled his ankle and no he didn't nobody
even noticed that so I feel like Loki
got hurt but he played it off I don't
know but he just he texted me and he
said he fractured his ankle so pray for
Bobby no just kidding oh yes it was
really fun man hanging out with those
guys man I had a really good time the
vlog was fire so shout out to all the
homies the San Jose crew SJ Bush but
anyway what were we doing fam
what we always do
okay master okay the real key master
yeah they got easy scrap I swear if I
did this right now and I want I'd be so
pissed
Wow it's fake
you know Harris de cemento or I'll admit
that but today I'm going to make history
I'm gonna take his ass down and I'm
going to win I was just talking highly
of you you guys got to get this thing
going right now you know what's the bet
what's the bet what do you want what's
the bet change if I win you got to come
to LA in April with that
yes sir come son you gotta come to the
bay when I pick a random day once again
Jeff Green cast in the bay 2k15
here we go
the start-stop
you left one one
one fan 1:9
somebody's
why get stepped on when you give me the
one step damn
poor clean
Evan I'm down by big points right now
strike
that's a minute back-to-back strikes I
just got a strike so I just got a strike
minor setback for a major comeback I
still got a few frames to window let's
see if Harris can lift ear hairs can
make this three strikes in a row for
Bernie is lost the game for
myself on one thing this is bull man I
had so much confidence and I just lost
him as one frame this is why I don't
like this game
like that on my little blog
what do you did
like
so got to frames/s but I feel I feel
good about I lost
then the parents going to strike right
I'm going to delete this
- oh
I'm very order
what does that mean where's the x-men
movies who's that to deserve
it was the last frame I lost the game
but I guess no go again so that's what
I'm gonna do
there's some competition right now so
it's swag versus here is the who is
going to win this game swag shoot
oh no strike Oh
you are
so air is what
that means they will
let me get them today
is that dance oh that's your
specialty huh
I think this spotless this song was made
for swag and her down in the deal never
comes up though shaming it he hits the
ball in Scott it's going in and out off
the rim he went in mr. Omar yes - watch
your mouth for all the marbles and balls
the balls going is going it's going it's
going
oh my god ladies and gentlemen did have
stopped we're looking at approximately 6
inches well you know ward a little mores
what she told me her the ball is up the
ball is in and out the space of despair
that is the face of despair ladies and
gentlemen has called his corner pocket
all right
the curse of the black ball why can't we
be friends
well here we pray yeah I'm gonna give it
to the competition it was good we just
didn't do our thing I'm on follow-up
myself on Twitter now I'm following
myself on Twitter so how do you how do
you feel about that last one the one
that you hit the black ball I called the
wrong pocket you don't I'm saying but it
wouldn't be the first time I called the
wrong pocket you know you have defenses
it out there officers in out there a
repetition like that did a stress on it
on their last two questions alright
mister diddie facility can we get a
question how does it feel winning both
these last games by default basically
because the other players have hit the
blackballing
please let us know please stand still
stand still stop don't touch the book
I'm touching the mic don't touch don't
touch the mic put your hand down
go so how do you have you don't touch
the mic get over here here so how do you
feel about that how do you feel about it
you haven't won
you haven't won alright so you
doing
you look like - dude from dude
perfect
my main dude leaving the bowling alley
right now holy ally we took a lot bully
alley feel I don't know if every just
took a whole bunch of elves I just took
another one walking out the damn bowling
alley right if I know you're gonna come
outside give you the DVD after all else
you asshole Babji oh hi guys so
we are wrapping up the night it's the
last time I'm gonna see these guys for a
couple weeks I'll see you guys in a
couple of weeks it was a fun weekend
having Q over here hope you guys enjoyed
the vlogs thanks for all love and see
you guys soon so hey okay what he said
there's no one home then I get one I'm
gonna take one off the dome you feel me
but I'm not Bobby Donnell I don't
freestyle dance you only give them
mm-hmm life are like pins sometimes you
got to pick yourself up love you I'm
miss Heisman some just I
understand I'll fight for this you know
pins like a thumbtack
pins fan bowling pins Oh sometimes I
know they come down here and pick em up
pick yourself up life what do you know
about pins so before in this vlog I want
to remind you guys that I as well as
fired kicks and Jamie degrade the plug
we are all going to be in sneaker Con in
Cleveland Ohio so if you are in the area
make sure you guys come out and support
it's gonna be a great day it's gonna be
a fun fun time and it's my first time in
Cleveland so I'm super super super
excited man shoutout to sneak on shout
out to kripp patek for bringing me out
again this Saturday March 26 sneaker con
from 12 to 7 p.m.
come say what's up I'm going to be doing
actually live interviews on the carpet
for a video so if you want to get
interviewed and you want to be on
YouTube
come say what's up to me say you want to
get interviewed and we will do it
alright so I will see you guys tomorrow
with the new vlog I will be in LA
tomorrow so goodnight I'll see you guys
later
ok stop chewing
I've had it this is discontent rescrew
back in a minute
