laughs go when do you be working left
never been to science fair all right
guys as you guys can see I'm ready to go
to the lab Harris just picked me up it's
currently 11 a.m. the second thing that
I am in the Bay Area hi YouTube today to
the bait or side your antenna absolutely
I Drive up I can drive up here my eyes
close out but Butler didn't run coming
up Harris lose an hour from me so when I
do did when I used to live out here
before September we'd see each other
like once a week and that's when we'd
make our videos and stuff if that
sometimes the drive would drain me you
wouldn't even shoot it's a tough time
just get there go he is not now but
today's gonna be a great vlog man we're
going to comic-con after comic-con we're
gonna link up with one of the homies
who's gonna be a surprise but probably
will be in the thumbnail so you guys
probably already know who it is but
anyway yeah we're gonna go link up with
sneak ahead into Bay Alex and um David
right even the plug and David the plug
not even this the name of the socket
David the son Sam so the blood goes in
the socket exactly
so we parked Elif are so we're taking
the uber which is like it's gonna be a
tuna drive but we're too lazy how you
been nice I like your sweater it's
flawless swaggin you guys with the
Convention Center yeah have you been
there yeah drop a lot of people today oh
yeah I'm minute yg are gonna be there
too have you heard about them they're an
x-men one of them plays sharp mater yeah
it's really good carry pretty good and
some people sitting at shitty though but
I think I heard they went to jail in
Mexico I oh yeah it's just a cop or
something that's to say yeah there's
cops here let's just say what happens in
Mexico stays in Mexico need you got to
do what you got to do to get out of
prison
yeah yes I heard because if you were to
go to prison you'd be doing way more you
don't insane sure no drop the soap
cutter Harris found the girl Loki
just looking on something low-key your
outfit is so dope
oh we gotta go first things first we
gotta go to that giant Hunger Games
picture all of a sudden we literally do
anything anybody with yes a myself - was
he really done like this is not right
wanna have a good time what's up fam or
two when you meet your hero
oh man husband my BAE shout out to
myself we literally didn't think anybody
would like watch the videos in here i
watch videos every day
Thank You TV you guys all right
guys I am currently in the DeLorean as
you guys can see check this out this
next level guys watch your hand or more
thank you new FM who did yo spider-man
sneaker game check it oh this is crazy
Hey add me on my skates family tab
excuse me I forgot my facebook password
you think it
he's gonna move I saw you doing a moon I
know hi honestly I'm in love with you
like low key but you're like lucky I
heard why are you so mad why do you
always give me the cold shoulder like
we're in public
my phone's not working
I'm trying to hook it over what bro
Steve one question water the whole
really excited about your new movie
coming out G but I got to admit I'm
teamironman fam
hahaha no he watches the videos thanks
brother
take it easy yeah I got this Batman
decal for my phone all of a sudden Wayne
Enterprises
alright guys that's a wrap from Comic
Con about to dip out now
head out to Valley Fair Mall and see
what happens man shout to Bill
Jamie the great was there yeah yeah from
Star Wars Jamie the great
yeah he's one of the bad guys he signed
my chest it was nice he was giving out
plugs yeah a lot of people's phones are
running out of battery so he was giving
them the plug retail so we just got to
Valley Fair Mall yesterday I told you
guys about how I used to work at Nike my
original first job ever was over here at
Express I saw it there for like four
years and then I quit and then I worked
at Google surprisingly but not as I
could Google smart ass employee I was
like a person that drove them around I
drove the employees around so I was like
a uber for Google but it was dope as
hell because we got full benefits going
inside getting free food and we have
free videos to our chat oh yo guys I
never seen these before this is klay
Thompson signature line with antha the
answer Anto or an ax or an - I don't
know fighting a hoop in home but they're
pretty cool answer
what's happening all of a sudden all of
a sudden hey alright guys so we're
linking up with the homies right now
what's up that what you gotta say to
people what I have to say to the people
we are here was good watch the videos
you have to show they
man look I like that alright guys so we
just walking around right now we
actually about to leave right now
we're going to go to this sneaker shop
that has the keymaster that these guys
have won in like eight times each so I
thought they'd bring me some good luck
you know saying because I was in LA I
ain't got no luck and we got a new guy
that just joined he just came from his
high school game at bel-air Academy guys
give it up for man hi good Diddy swagger
Smith came out the universe's everyone's
gonna comment where'd you get the Jersey
from where you get the jersey from Rosa
what's up so then another whole crew how
you doing man what your name Paul I like
your shoes man you guys got the Jays on
nice nice yeah you're in the ball right
now
today's the day we make history in your
hometown do you have to I mean I was a
dog how you doing man hey boss how you
doing man
hey guys how you doing man nice to meet
you man Jamie hi sorry so let's see what
everybody has on time out of my day what
you got you know this little lb heat you
know that Miami Heat got to bring it
back a little bit what you rockin with
damn same thing I was wearing in the
last blog epub yeah consistency we wear
our sneakers we this is the definition
of where we lose grip we jog on
sandpaper on with our sleep oh my god
let's go found hi doing good how you
doing man is that easy season three fat
Harris you look determined
so let's see what they have inside of
here first of all we got Supremes Oh
plzzz I forgot what those are called
Tiffany's cements if I had to go with
any of them I'd honestly probably go for
the Dons or the easy thoughts crash
master really top we do to go for the
white Simmons what I would wear okay
show sounds good yeah I'm about to put
300 in right now
I'm done
capping out a $20 off didn't make it I'm
not doing more scared oh you hey
everybody don't be like LeBron and choke
so one time to follow me you ain't going
right now I don't know not I hope not
handed me the rifle
if he wins I'm gonna I'm gonna quit my
evening I'm gonna delete all three
channels if he wins right now who made
this
alright guys so we wrapping it up right
here we gotta go
only last words fam just started youtube
I don't know if you want to check me out
sneakerhead in debate vlogs
everybody already knows you bet you -
I'm sorry so you could finish finish
finish was able to say uh shots you got
now shots everybody shout out to you
found you killing a G shout-out to my
twin brother you guys have probably seen
him time into great love you Mary Jane
so I and why lack confidence when you
could always gain it back
I didn't know you're throwing 100 out
there like what end
I was gonna throw the whole put your
passion over everything I'll give us a
free stuff he said beatbox not throw up
gee I'm a spitter freestyle a cappella
fearless shot the Kaiser you know that
involved we got no beat here but it's
off at the top of here when Harrison
best believe that we gonna cop to those
shoes from the fixed cakes here imma
spit it off to the top of the where
ya and I don't do it compare this
Sonny black cause ain't no beat in the
air but it I was fired
your turn damn good good chillin
man someone I don't man alright guys so
I just freshened up I'm back home I'm
about to leave literally right now valen
is here for like 20 minutes
my family is opening up a new restaurant
in Tracy California so today is the
grand opening party so it's been open
for a minute but today the whole
family's together that's like one of the
main reasons I did come out here so I'm
about to go my cousin's picking me up
and we work in a head we were gonna head
we're gonna head there so let's go guys
I'm so excited to have this food I
haven't had my family restaurant food in
so long hi say hi look it's kind of
mustache give me five yeah alright you
have on Uncle Bob house guys Trixie
so bro sounds nice
how you been how are you I like your
jacket
it looks good what kind of shoes you
rocking back at it again with the
Jordans huh I like your haircut you
should learn from him he has nice shoes
on what are these years
Harley Davidson store pickups are here
just let me get steppen alright guys so
I'm getting impatient right here I'm
really hungry
the food is back it up hey does young
Metro trust you oh yeah
oxyde the beginner
we chillin chillin
what's up fam like my glasses know all
the sound beautiful I would do Jersey
for no reason number 15 really that is
done so I need this for sure
all of a sudden they go
