but open he's up I usually don't unbox
sneakers on this channel anymore just
because I have crew kicks my sneaker
channel but I'm not going to be doing an
unboxing for these on crew kicks I'm
going to do a video dedicated to these
sneakers but it's gonna be a little bit
different let's open this bad boy up as
you guys can see we got that new Jordan
12 a retro box let's go ahead and open
these bad boys up okay first things
first I got to give a big shout out to
the dude that supplied me with these
sneakers fine line 1 7 2 1 he hooked me
up with these sneakers 100% authentic
shoes call or text local meetups
available fine line 1 721 is his ebay he
wanted me to stress this to you guys is
that he doesn't have an online store
store he runs through ebay he also sells
through PayPal like invoices so he's
100% legit and I wouldn't tell you guys
to mess with him if he wasn't legit Wow
as you guys can see we've got the French
blue Jordan twelves I used to have these
back in high school when they last
released so happy this is the 2nd Jordan
12 that's come out since they started
remaking him for the retro series no
actually that's a lie because I also had
the PSN wise yeah man check these out
I'm so excited I'm literally literally
gonna bust these out ASAP
I might even rock these 2 sneaker con in
Cleveland what do you guys think
now the reason why I showed you guys
those fake Easy's is not to like Oh try
to like make him look bad I'm just
trying to show you guys like you can't
trust these sites that you guys get your
Easy's from or like Craigslist like
people my DMS are flooded with people
asking me to do legit checks and the
main thing that people always ask me for
is this site legit if you're buying from
a website and they're selling for Yeezys
for 200 bucks
don't you think they would be sold out
if they were legit and 200 bucks like
I'm not trying to make anybody look bad
I'm just trying to show you guys to be
careful when you purchase it easy
often Baymen gasps good morning guys so
I'm headed to the bait area right now
I'm not driving I have a flight but I
need to go stop by I need to go stop by
the bank real quick and then um and then
we'll go from there I wish I woke up
earlier so I could hit up Nike and go
get these freaking do kairi's but
unfortunately I didn't wake up in time
so hopefully them and get them out in
the bay I don't know what's going on but
my uber is taking forever
writing my ubers here actually yeah guys
I just got extra security checked as
there was something on my hands I guess
but I'm good to go no harassment ready
touch my easy so we're good
so in American Airlines working came up
to me he's like he looked at my shoes
and he's like dump them come out next
week hey I guess where you guys from LA
Oh get me good nice same so this is the
worker came up to me is like don't them
come out next week I was like you know I
make youtube videos shoutout to the plug
you
I created that stuff gotta go get my
bags Harris is outside waiting so
everything is going on schedule not that
we have a schedule but we go on a fun
day in the city
so max - when I was getting searching
over at LAX we buddy now they do this
little thing where they like wipe your
hands and then they test it so they had
to tame into the back room do a full
search put their hands in places that
men have never put their hands before I
got out of there so there was no
problems no conflict and yeah
reminds me of Tetris
right here in San Francisco
officially
ha ha have a good day so I'm waiting for
Harris now so let's see we're shot
bender
what's up fast you been through you
wedding planning cake testing today cake
tasting / testing whatever it is I met
with the photographer I'm doing a nude
shoot my woman's oh really yeah isn't it
I was going to let you do it but I want
it to be a surprise photographer why
can't she sure you've already been -
that's a surprise the wedding may change
this video look Oh John better there but
but but
alright guys in the city here finally
Paris city boys lucky I have them into
the city since I moved which is crazy I
miss this place
it's always tradition when I'm out here
the first place Nike give me a size 10
ASAP I want to go so go wow all the
sound Duke fun have a do Jersey for no
reason number 15 really that is done I
need this for sure all of a sudden they
got Bruce Lee's too but I'm sleeping on
these I don't want these when you and
your best friend have matching bracelets
all of a sudden you promise I have it
too but I never wear the fours came out
today they I I'm passing that gum bottom
is fire these are nice but I'm passing
again like that
this is the San Francisco all white
Jordan collection we got the ones
first ones ugly ugly fire fire ugly
ugly okay ugly Dwyane Wade ugly ugly
okay okay whatever
try to grab it with your fingertips okay
stop
oh my god that's pinky they like that
you can do that an NFL this is what they
use in their phone
what that has not fair like I like Odell
Beckham but I'm like if you have this
like here's a bare hand
then I'm out of s just like you like it
barehanded son you guys we're here yeah
yeah yeah let's do it he's got good grip
he's absolutely good you gotta wear the
the what is it called the crease
protectors you all hear that we're gonna
get the screech protector sponsor Harris
all right guys picked up the Duke
kairi's $130 not bad
hey look it's Jesse in the game fuller
how I heard that show sucks for some
reason everything Harris buys is blue he
has a million blue dress shirts he's
looking for another blue dress shirt for
his family party tonight try one more
my mascot better let me see your shirt
colors I see
Thank You pal it's blue Victoria Beckham
collection all of a sudden blue all
right guys we are leaving this city now
Harris good got some hmm you got a job
for you here tonight
I'm gonna go link up with my family
tonight but we're gonna make one more
stop before we go home so it's also a
wedding season guys so there see guys
what I got
all right guys so we are at the Nike
clearance store we're gonna see what
they got probably a hectic line so I
don't even know how long the wait in
line but we're gonna do a quick skim
through maybe they'll have red Octobers
again Wow all of a sudden I do avoid
guys I you should used to actually work
here this is my first Nike job well my
oh your old job bring your kid to work
day
my only Nike job was here but anyway we
looking through the shelves see what we
can find
let's see if we got any fire damn size
10 if this is the red ones I'll be so
happy
Oh what the hell I thought this was the
forest ain't nobody want these alright
guys so uh we went in there we didn't
get anything it was too crowded the line
was like a mile long so we're out here
eyes are what is that no what are you
eating
when I come home to
what is this fam kisses we go over is
your breath stash finance yes you got
this from Nike London Milan Milan it's a
great amount hang right here
Nike Malalai lab monkey lab Milan oh you
have size 8 in those yeah trying to get
a good amount for these rooms they go
for like five four or five Toby Black
History Month oh yeah those are don't
didn't wear I didn't how many pairs yeah
what doesn't VA remember but you don't
want how come you don't wanna there
little tight he pulled out the 72 tens
and I got a size 10 so I got 72 tens
again all of a sudden dude fan dude I
didn't return since being one mask
so anyway Yama just brought me my Nike
IDs these are in honor of from
Afghanistan another one another against
that no don't look Ivan look papers and
um so this is a Nike ID in honor of
reaching a hundred thousand on coup
cakes so I'm not going to show you guys
right now but I'm gonna show you guys my
reaction so I can't show you the other
sneaky don't show those fans those are
even more talented
oh I can't show they're way better and
pick up person oh I love it
hard this was - yeah you know I could
have made the back like that - really
yeah I did my mess out of it yeah so
mean Wow
yeah you gotta get in the lunch counter
with the Angels the angels yeah Oh give
it show the DJ Khaled fan oh yeah so
