Oh
eating healthy really sucks man as you
guys know you know we went to those my
fit foods so we got a fucin here I had
two meals yesterday I didn't have three
but to see what we're gonna have for
breakfast are we gonna have the good
morning sunshine farmhouses steak and
eggs thing we're gonna go with the good
morning sunshine don't mind this
dirty-ass counter it's well overdue for
cleaning okay so I've been meaning to
give a shout out to this brand right
here who sent me some dope pants check
out their Instagram and their twitter if
you want to check out some of their
genes but let me show you guys they got
sweat pants and jeans so this is their
sweatpants it's like that biker style
that's really popping right now you got
their logo right there they're a little
more bagger than I what I usually wear
but I mean it still sweatpants so you
can pull it off they sent me this one
too which is that biker style as well I
probably won't wear this color I'm not a
big fan of the whole Murray this is kind
of like a green to me so I wouldn't wear
this color but like this if it right
here this is the probably one that I
would rock the most which is black
because I always wear black jeans but
again biker style we got some more black
sweatpants I like this fade right here
like this wash a lot another biker one
this is some type of stuff you'd find
that packs on this is dope I like this
one a lot like I said if you want to
check them out BAM alright let's go get
my food
this actually looks good this reminds me
of chipotle which makes me very happy so
like I've been eating these meals and
drinking water the past week and I've
been going to the gym every day playing
basketball doing cardio zone finally
finally finally on the gym grind there
is no nobility in tahoe i got rich man
and i have been a poor man now you're
probably wondering what's in this
big-ass box and it's my drone so I'm
finally shipping it back to get it
repaired I don't know how much it's
gonna cost but I'm a ship it to them and
I'm also going to be shipping out my
other g7x that I broke in Florida wait
am i driving should I Drive I should I
walk this is original I have to face my
problems i saw on the back of a limo
where the two thousand dollars and a
forty thousand dollar gold truck off the
meter had an hour and 20 minutes on it
before i even park so today we win it I
don't even know if they ship out from
your do this ship
Pat ship oh yeah they ship all right all
done kind of want some starbucks but I
feel like this feel like it's kind of
far so anyway shout out to FedEx man
they take care of me shipped out my
stuff got my receipts found some
starbucks time to go back to the cave
and sir editing today's crew kicks video
oh yeah this is the best feeling in the
world of here sneakerhead guys I kid you
not I'm not even saying this because I
want you to go watch the video on crew
cakes that was the best sneaker unboxing
ever and not because I did a good job
but but the company that I ordered from
gave me hella extra stuff i'll just give
you a preview like this is something
extra they sent me so go watch they sent
me how many items 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 like
seven days I'm like seven things and
they send me this too so I feel like I'm
sneaking out of my house i'm bored as
hell it's thursday i got nothing else to
do taking the day off from the gym I
know I probably shouldn't do this but
I'm gonna go treat myself to some
wingstop minor setback major comeback
paydays payday to move this table
you know the plan saying good a man but
what they really mean cuz there was
really no Billy this was all Akane and
that it finally seen when I tried to
tell I'm a passion everlasting put that
in your cerebellum how castor Michael
fella the plug what are we doing
meetings 12am meetings in 12 yet I guys
so we are currently in Burbank
California about to have this meeting
with the homie Mickey on some mogul talk
Jamie the plug in the building we
talking I just told them I just like how
to remind them in exactly one week we're
heading to Cleveland next Saturday the
26 is sneaker cotton Cleveland so make
sure you guys come out and also yeah
this coming week we're going to pick a
winner from Cleveland to be the first
person that we take sneaker shopping in
Cleveland and we will explain the rules
later probably on my Instagram gangster
my Instagram that's when we're gonna
decide that what's up a long time oh
geez i wasn't i was in camera what's on
the back this Travis groans nice oh is
this the diamond 1 i'm about Turks
that's hella hard shot shot shot too
Chevy from diamond I need I should be
worshipped Trevor have it was Chip I
guess we just sat down at this diner hey
fam sub M same shot to the ball hey
shouts a coup case all this done hello
sir shout shout outs to CJ too shocked
to see teachers building
can you wash out to max out to the sky
oh my gosh alright guys so we're doing
after how long it's like a three and a
half hour the longer to have our
conversations I'm your sponsor we're
literally talking about everything from
business to fun to stories to a lot of
look at this guy all of a sudden he
thinks he's flying shit like oh he owes
they might even show me you got the
odious but tired my sponsor bro take
your sponsor this is a thumbnail right
now you got the world yeah you gotta get
in the lunch hour join with the Angels
Angels yeah Oh give it show the DJ
khaled fam oh yeah it's so fucking cool
shot DJ coming so Mickey was in the
radio station power shots promised a
shot on a cruise and DJ khaled was
deluxe major key um oh yes all right
here yo Micky Ward dj khaled we the best
major key that's me ok play the one
where he shouted me up huh oh you did
get up this guy is still at a you
freaking yourself he had to go in the
middle of the street just to take a damn
sneaker picture right I could carve out
the hit you fam bam bam figure it to the
middle all of a sudden G
right here having three our meetings at
a cafe coral so we do man look at the
kick game trihard little tops original
man trihard i gotta give away my red
ones it's just one who wants them kasnia
type i didn't give away some shoes that
you want yeah brother yeah brother yeah
brother i got the shit i'm gonna give
away with my shadows to your shattered
backboards shadows oh no no lows Oh
mommy I love to a place that you went
through finance I do the fucking air
force longer efforts born crazy the
price went up yeah well you're 450 no
wait low tops yeah true that James
Gaussman from jumping on it I butter and
cheese for 140 undefeated I love it no
no I got him off nike somebody tweeted
him as i shared by these i tweeted it
should i buy these like 50 replies yes
yes SS fun yeah work your friend
favorite i was singing it for something
yeah you're really trying since he came
to a labor my price went up got really
high reason but to me this is a big deal
when i was in high school i think i was
a sophomore i took my dad to louboutin
store to buy that Kanye's the jazz / is
a password he wouldn't let me buy him
said too expensive imagine for fuckin
bought those how much really six hundred
dollars six hundred dollars he sit
doubts too expensive the most he ever
bought me for she was 200 and I was the
BBC ice creams the movie would have to
agree with you guys yeah I had in high
school broke so many legs nobody knew
what the fuck they were came in the ice
cream puff mmm i usually vuitton story
wouldn't buy him from me and now if i
would fucking show him what they go for
now everything song as a stockport phone
yeah so now when you see my shoes didn't
even ask for the
if I told how much I pay for that shit
you fucking kill me Jesse dad just buys
this chance to uh I sneaker handbag and
my brother David can I boy looking
aggregate I me on my snap story he says
all my brother Nestor David David got
kicks I put out a mix well have a few
mixes up by pulling out today for spring
break from my kids that you're gonna
live it up your complains about 25
minutes long it's very up-tempo joint I
have a trap hip-hop one in there I have
a few mixes in there they don't want to
talk it when I listen let me just put
that one corner that got me like wow
that was amazing ya think you can become
below is on the back and a bio my
Instagram but if I can go click blink
and listen to it's pretty dope shots and
Mickey no just like there's only one
plug and I met Todd Chester leukorrhea
videos with friction lucky I'm on the go
home not see you tonight in one week
mean him and fire kicks was in Mexico
right now we are going to be in
Cleveland well next friday we're leaving
so technically come on friday so we at
sneaker con and a week from now no week
from now which is saturday 226 my first
time in cleveland have you been to be
one before no
I should say let's just say this is the
biggest thing to hit Cleveland since the
bronze return the crew go anywhere all
right guys Boop thing about these is
they match my socks which I don't really
like to match but when I'm going with
that shorts look
