I got a question guys can we can we take
a moment to appreciate how beautiful
today is since I moved to LA so many
opportunities have come the support has
been amazing the crew has grown and I
just want to say thank you i want to
start this vlog off by saying thank you
to everybody who's believed in my dreams
who has stuck with me on this journey
and you know before I moved to LA like
these vlogs were only hidden like 20,000
views to 30,000 views I know that's a
lot still I mean that's still a blessed
number to have but now we're reaching
like a hundred thousand views per vlog
which is ridiculous like that's the
goals man that's amazing so I just want
to start this vlog off by saying a big
thank you because without you guys those
numbers would not be possible this dream
would not be possible this crew would
not be possible the three channels would
not be possible you guys are responsible
for my motivation so I want to thank you
guys again I'm currently walking to go
get something to eat at the Grove get
myself some breakfast come with me and
let's see what we can find
nike nike nike
you're those new Kobe's are dope I don't
know exactly what the name of those are
but I like them but not for 220 hello
ma'am when I know I so back home that
was a nice little trip to the grove now
I need to get back to work so I gotta
upload crew kicks and i know i upload
crew kicks a little bit late in the day
every day shout out to my clothes which
i watched like four days ago which have
been taking forever to dry for some
reason i don't understand what's going
on with that you guys might have saw me
yesterday bawling in the curry tues the
reason why i haven't done a video for
these on crew kicks is because i'm going
to hoopin them a couple more times
before i give you the full performance
review because i feel like if you're
going to give a performance review you
have to play in the basketball shoe more
than once so i've played in those twice
so after two or two more times or so
then i'll give you a full performance
review how quickly we transform tonight
so i'm finally leaving my house i'm
getting ready to go to the gym well
actually i'm going to the gym i'm going
to meet a surprise partner someone you
wouldn't expect to be at the gym but
someone who's really motivated and
really like hit me up every day saying
like yo let's start this gym grind I'm
like you know what I'm for it let's hit
this let's do this so maybe we could
push each other because we're both kind
of like you know not on not in best
shapes of our lives but i think you know
when you have the right motivation and
the right people around you anything is
possible you know I'm saying seems like
my tag team partner is late but i'ma
walk up these steps by myself
alright guys he's finally here oh he
just pumped up the speed right when I
turn on the vlog camera
yeah I had to warm up and Waka got knee
problems sham all of a sudden anyway I
just got done with the treadmill I'm
gonna go check if there's a there's a
there was too many people on the
basketball court when I first came so
let's go see if it's still crowded or
not all of a sudden the bronze all of a
sudden LeBron James said all right man
so we just ran two games I know that
doesn't sound like a lot but they were
competitive I'm really impressed by your
performance viewers again boards him you
slacked on defense on the second game
tap down cowboy change over you can't
you carry you really check shark you kan
Yorker yeah some guys do it on your own
team like it's so competitive they won't
even shake your own hand after they
score like yo just pass to like not
all right
so just uploaded crew kicks and I'm not
uploading a vlog today and the reason
for that is just because yesterday I
didn't really do much so I don't have
too much footage and that basically is
the deciding factor of whether i upload
a vlog or not it's what i do today
before and what if i have enough footage
for that day because sometimes i feel
like i don't want to upload a vlog if
it's just me talking for five hours kind
of like what I'm doing right now I found
out yesterday that my favorite burger
joint of all time shake shack is finally
in California and it's in Santa Monica
I'm trying to make the most of the day
man because it is beautiful outside is
real beautiful outside some will wear
these right here these crazy rainbow
colors adidas uh why'd I forget the name
flux the flux and the cool thing about
these is they match my socks which I
don't really like to match but when I'm
going with that shorts look yeah this is
how you match your socks with your
sneakers you know I'm saying so sneaker
101 shout out to the soccer game shout
out to hop I don't smoke weed though but
softer dope as hell
gotta make sure we keep the apartment
clean even though it's way overdue we
got three trash bags from the kitchen
that we got to throw out what's up this
is why you don't text and drive people
and I'm guilty so I drove all the way to
Santa Monica and then I finally looked
up the address for the Shake Shack and
it's actually on Santa Monica Boulevard
but it's in Hollywood which is really
closer to where I live so basically I
drove all the way to Santa Monica for
nothing so now i'm stuck in LA traffic
like always what is this fam
this is way too long this guy bought
hella
this is a Yeezy line or shake shack line
all of a sudden vlog camera alright guys
so shake shack wasn't meant to be even
though I drove all the way from over
here I'm not going to wait in a line
with 200 people for a burger I'm gonna
wait till it dies down a couple days
maybe it was meant to be because now i'm
at subway i know this is a huge
downgrade and it doesn't look obviously
as good but maybe it's a sign and
another sign is at my fit foods which
i've been lagging to go to is literally
right there so after i eat this i'm
gonna go right there why are you looking
at me while i'm logging oh i'm still
pissed about this over a hundred people
waiting in line for burgers I mean shake
shack is amazing I feel like shake shack
is ten times better than in and out I'm
happy it's here but I can't wait for the
hype to die down so that i can come
regularly and eat the ship but we're on
a diet yo guys so i just woke up from a
great nap man and as i woke up randomly
i'm like y'all gonna go search through
my old myspace video page and i found
all my old myspace videos and i tweeted
some of them so if you guys want to go
watch some of my old old original videos
before YouTube go check it out myspace
was popping in its day man y'all the
og's the older people know that myspace
was the so I was like you know what
after like a couple months are like a
year I finally gave in and uploaded my
first youtube video which is video
called Afghan fight for the dinner bill
and that did really well I think it got
like a thousand or 2,000 or 3,000 views
i know that's nothing to you guys right
now compared to like all these million
view videos and whatnot but back then to
me that was incredible so we finally we
just continued it and I didn't start
taking youtube series until like
2012-2013 basically moral of the story
is I never really gave up my true love
which was like making videos and
entertaining people and making people
laugh and showing my creativity I'm
finally able to
you know do what I love make it into a
business and and be my own boss so
basically the reason why I'm telling you
guys this is not to like brag about it
or anything like that I'm just telling
you guys you know do what you love take
what you love and turn it into something
great and turn it into something that's
10 times bigger than you expect it to
ever be now I know some of you guys I'm
not telling you guys to go and quit your
jobs and stuff like that you know
obviously we got bills to pay you know
what I'm saying we got families to
support but if you can find time to just
do what you love you never know what the
possibilities are that's the 100 alright
guys so i just got done hoopin let's get
that moment of truth how much do I way
last time I checked I was 195 which was
like two months ago 196 so I'm about the
same that I've been for the past two
months and why should the gold beat
lady
where they walked up you walked up here
like you were Shane McMahon
do the Shane dance
any oh and he got the ones up
Batman Superman already asked you this
question me too I love Batman but these
socks are wet I might have to pick these
up my dad's my superman I'm home damn
anyway we just looking around right now
nothing specific that I need to copy
except a few things but just like
essentials I also have this man we're
just gonna talk mogul talk and enjoy
target as we always do our target is
next level bro you can make yourself I
think I showed you guys this before but
James gonna make his own figure you
don't get it right away but you take
your picture right now leave a color did
run without your glasses and I got
mad eyebrows for days bro I just need to
sit on that my Haitian look at Jamie oh
I'm dying I'm dying
oh shoot the spider plug the spider plow
this is icon talk show hey I talk show
set now guys all right guys welcome to
this power moves with highs and Jamie
today we have our first guest we're
already working on another series for
crew kicks which is going to be a show
that goes up every friday i believe yeah
they were soon he had you and probably
judge will be doing this is the type of
means we have guys that target that's
all good I think I like wearing a beanie
but when it be any season's over so I
look I look now I make a nikeid every
time I reach 100 k yeah you better do
one I know I made one for food cakes and
it came over but Yama has it so he's
gonna ship it to me okay oh you're
cooking show you but I'm not show them
are you get your live reactionary whoa
that's not did not know how the did
that happen there's not you should done
that the inner lining different but i er
but still look with the guy inside music
one time I just don't know not like a
reflective after you do 19 sign you for
that one call the road road to a million
go from the yellow silver play button to
the golden play by trashed everyone uh
that is gonna meet us up at Cleveland
Cleveland meet up I sneaker con imma be
there the hype beats gonna be the
resellers gonna be there they think this
is not me
hey guys yep Ashley here chuckling
screenshot my dm's got bloody G with
legit chicks somebody came from the crew
that actually would fake easy no way
yeah any times B y'all need you to check
this out a check that I was bad
incredibly bad it just there's a lot
that goes into it guys and not just one
thing or another day here really good
the amount of life again really go to
fakes um so we might just a freaking
video because my be answers fan dad
alright guys we ended the blog right
here lighting is amazing and last words
if I love your own risk short voucher
dan 100 100 from the views of the six
the life I parked the IP fam don't ever
get it twisted you see it all now you
see that we write that whoa mom y'all
tomorrow
I'm not doing that maybe we'll see no my
diet starts tomorrow I'm out of here by
ha
