I'll take that it's gloomy as hell today
but it's not raining like the other day
so I can't complain hope everybody's
having a great day hope everybody's
having a great start to the week man
finally leaving the house
Ahmed invited me over for his little
family gathering at his house and then
he said we're gonna go play basketball
so I had to undies the Kobe 11 today see
how they feel first time wearing them
and you're pretty comfortable I'm not
gonna hoop in them though because I
don't wanna mess up this colorway but
it's really tempting I really want to
anyway it's a beautiful Sunday like I
said so let's get out and let's have a
great fantastic day
join me well you already are so I'm
waiting my dear lady
alright guys what up so finally made it
to to town of Sagada it's an honor for
me to be in this city again down to town
all I gotta say is crew welcome to
choose a baby to come out of it you with
the talk yeah they don't know if I'm an
alumni from this ha ha ha ha else again
the high school the high school this is
the old stomping grounds I remember me
Raekwon used to chill right there yeah
Raekwon breath I mean it comes on homey
very common homey cause you heard you're
going to manhood tomorrow let's just say
my my love to say that or is it a secret
what happens in Mexico stays in me let's
just say that if they were having a show
there let's just say homey at night
Cancun what's going on over there this
week Spring Break oh is it really
I think there's something so hectic I
don't even know why we're going like
with like excuse me so hectic let's just
say don't flog my ticket right now
 ha ha I don't want to play you
one-on-one cuz you already be laughs hey
I pay you one of those two what happened
no I want to play wisely that's not
played it was with Paris so I want to
play you too Oh
unlike Harris I'm actually gonna get
heaven it's really about the new shoes
this rim is triple rimmed what is this
fam come on back in the NBA when I used
to play this we didn't have these rooms
right here come on ah ah gee I want to
help
don't worry Abel a syringe is yeah
you're out hold it shut it down for the
way to town referee inside the gym wide
us what you got shouts out to Mickey Mac
parts no a shout out to Mac knows your
baby shot Smith you don't say if you
want to be wrong playing one-on-one
again we can do it but I'm gonna try
these off the first time so let's do it
ha
six or
Oh
you
alright guys so the boy went undefeated
you know what I'm saying we don't lose
out here oh and to today's you I'm just
I lost it I lost the desire damn alright
guys so we're chilling right now at the
moment Casa wait yeah Julia oh all the
light at the job lately did you guess
what song we're doing good anyway man
these guys don't leaving me tomorrow man
so I got this is his supposed to be his
spring break Spring Break pop it me baby
I would be in LA by myself man power
moves by myself look at this guy what is
all over this officer of a sudden I get
him to gymnastics what did I say earlier
I said fire cosmetics stop oh yeah not
shown the car lift edgy let's just say
man we having a good night but we need
to leave we don't go back to my crib I
need to stop and get milk so that gives
must she was any cereal when I get home
mom I told you okay if you want to
listen to life of Pablo you have to
download title Oh mom I gotta go
what's up snapchat family I just got a
huge announcement to tell you guys I'm
coming to Cleveland sneaker con
Cleveland I will be at the creme protect
booth on March 26th so if you are in
Cleveland or in the surrounding areas
make sure you guys come to sneak a con
March 26 I'm gonna be there with Jamie
the plug I'll have to call you right
back fan why would you knock if you're
gonna just walk in how can I help you
so I heard you're gonna Cleveland gee
what's good one enough are you asking if
there's room for one more let's just say
it's time to clean up sneak a call okay
fire kicks crew kicks and the plug
let's just take a minute to recognize
Minnie watch us on the court look at
where I am Kobe is you write that end is
dis homie right here how did you run in
the club it's Christmas is brother stuff
yeah all right guys so we just got done
filming a new game show for crew cakes I
know I've been doing a lot of the game
shows for the kicker Channel but it's
just fun and people enjoy so you're just
gonna keep doing them and so we'll see
you found out found out we'll see who
won between these two guys we put them
head-to-head that's it for today's vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed my basketball
footage of me tearing it up winning two
games in a row let's just say young Kobe
fire kicks Cleveland you ready G I'm
ready go what are you gonna be wearing
to Cleveland that's the question I
figured it out I have no idea you know I
didn't know what she was on right I
don't know Dan
so Cleveland's coming up other than that
I don't think there's any other news I
need to talk to you guys about give this
video a big thumbs up guys because you
guys killed it in yesterday so all they
did get 10,000 thumbs up so after
telling the news the news about the
giveaways let's get right into the news
okay so they got 10,000 thumbs up easily
on yesterday's vlog so basically you
know we do these sneaker giveaways or we
do giveaways
online to Instagram and stuff like that
and basically you pick a winner and then
you ship them out the shoes and that's
it right yeah thanks
so basically I was taught thinking to
myself like what can I do different
because I don't want to just send the
shoe and then the person opens it and
then that's it like we don't see the
reaction we don't get to see what they
have to say so this is what we're going
to do so
we're going to do giveaways to where I'm
going to do a contest through my
Instagram and the winner is going to be
from a certain city that I'm going to
for instance Cleveland so I'll put out a
post or something I haven't figured it
out yet entirely but I'm going to pick
one winner and I'm going to take that
winner sneaker shopping in their City
and we're going to turn it into an
episode for a crew kicks yeah so so
basically it turns into an episode where
I meet up with the guy at the sneaker
store we talk sneakers their style and
then I'll be like all right now I sense
you want to give away I get to buy you a
pair of shoes so they get to buy pair of
shoes up to three hundred dollars so for
the contest let's just say this is
there's an LA one coming up the first
city that we are going to do is going to
be Cleveland so I'm not sure exactly
when we're going to start the contest
but it will be within the next week or
so so stay tuned and then after that
we're going to do Los Angeles obviously
because we live in Los Angeles and there
will be a monthly series on crew kicks
and it will probably start within the
next two months so I'm excited about
that
so it's going to be dope so instead of
just doing giveaways through online
we're going to be doing giveaways and
meeting you guys and buying you sneakers
in person so that's it was that worth
ten thousand thumbs up yeah it's like
idea anyway that's it for today's vlog I
think I should get another 10,000 thumbs
up just because it took a lot to talk
about but anyway I will see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog I will see
these guys in a freaking week good any
last words for the crew before you guys
head and we miss you guys for a week
hope you guys enjoyed the crew cakes
video on Tuesday will be I see then I'll
see you guys on yeah in about a week or
so do you see I think you need some
sleep why do you guys that's it man
thank you guys too
again Chad all right guys
please
