we go leave my house it's so so ugly
outside literally oh my god the rain is
just like it's a windy and rainy so
literally it just like literally went
everywhere within two seconds but I
can't stop the daily grind man you got
to get out and go do what you got to do
so it's time to leave the house so
originally I was just gonna take it over
for today just drive not drive but uber
everywhere but my car needs a carwash
so it's raining so put two and two
together free car wash but anyway I'm
going to finally finally link up with
Jamie because he's finally back in town
from mehico so we're gonna get together
and discuss all these ideas we've been
having figure out when we're gonna start
certain things come along with me and
let's have a great day man so I just
literally drove for 30 minutes and only
got about a mile or two away from my
house until Jamie I can't sit in traffic
for two hours just to get to where he's
at because it's too hectic and he's not
even gonna be done from what he's doing
for another hour anyway so it's like
just hit me up when you're done I will
link up so yeah
maybe that's why I'm so cranky and eat
food
luckily the range is toned down just a
little bit but it is still boring hope
everyone's having a great day man hope
everyone's having a great weekend I'm
here in Irvine California about to hit
up the Irvine Spectrum we're gonna go to
Dave & Buster's today so we're gonna
have some fun there this is my weekend
yeah let's have a good night
Oh
what happened
okay guys so wrapping up Dave and
Buster's
we literally used all of our tokens to
get candy
we had over 1200 tickets so here's the
successful you are eating here you're
eating your candy in line oh yeah you
are
was good are you bro whoa fans from food
cakes through TV all right
driven in the bitch in the car
Daniel okay so back he's back I was gone
for a while I appreciate all the love
and support with my grandfather passed
away to everybody don't snap on
Instagram but I'm back to work
damn man we just been talking the past
hour about everything we've been
discussing over the phone trying to
figure out all these new shows for crew
kicks that we working on tree announcer
yeah I'm sure we haven't even announced
Oh Cleveland yeah we already announced
it was hurt I now sit in the vlog like
two weeks ago saying it might happen and
then announced that it did happen and
then I had we announced a surprise and
then we announced in the last vlog that
fire kicks is coming and now we're
announcing in this vlog that the plug is
coming so three of us that's it the hook
but three of us are coming to sneak a
colleague yg my one of our high priest
is coming the plug is coming and fire
kicks the reseller is coming so we will
all be at the crap protect booth if you
are in Cleveland or in the surrounding
areas come because I swear please let us
know like where the hot shots are at
Cleveland I put it down below let us
know where's the consignments shot the
hot booty shots there's no we don't know
shit where's a good food spot let us
know yes our hotel is gonna be in the
downtown Cleveland area I believe
there's a whole stadium I remember no
cooking loans no no no no abroad texted
me today his house was like nah fam
Laker fan can't do it I was talking
about the OEB way for them I think we
should hold on don't tell her I don't
know I mean there's a thumbs up thumbs
up okay so how many should they get cuz
they kill this shit like they could get
5,000 easy so you wanna go birdie
no no that's rule no no we're not gonna
reach 30,000 let's try bird no well we I
don't even know if we could get $10,000
there's a 10 fuckin 10,000 I mean it's a
big deal we're gonna get away do you
guys think you get 10,000 thumbs up we
will make a huge announcement in the
next vlog concerning it's not just do it
yeah if you guys get 10,000 thumbs up we
will tell you guys the big news about a
giveaway for you guys well it's really
be a giveaway in every single city so
every city we go to there will be a
giveaway but we're not gonna tell you
guys the details unless you get 10,000
thumbs up on this vlog so make it happen
we are honestly at this close mall right
now all of a sudden sneaker sneaker
heads to be like part 18 right here you
know your sneaker head win all of a
sudden you know your sneaker head you
know you know you're a Latino sneaker
head Latino sneaker head to be like man
when I went to Miami everybody spoke
Spanish but I needed you I've been
rocking vans man you know out of
everybody you know out of everyone what
was i rocking last year
no I've been rocking Vance the only
reason why I haven't been rocking vans
the last few month totally know is
because I left them all back home in the
bay no bro you remember when I came from
Coachella and we took that picture on
their board raw
I was waiting remember that photo shoot
I had on this you want to watch my old
sneaker collection you want to watch my
vlogs I've been on Van
I do oh my god I'll go home to the bay I
don't know what I'm going I'll show you
my van collection I got red blue white
YouTube comments in your life part 5
this is Friday night guys we are this is
Saturday night guys
we are here making moves we would like
to say I don't quite a gap party every
once in a while when I got something to
celebrate but now we need to plan
something to be successful so then we
can start celebrating all right family
see there any last words fam for take
you no I can't
there's a copy ready last time we'll
take anything for every support and
we're coming to the shop at revelation
preciate they appreciate all the love
and support I get personally some of
these are coming soon
he wants an i8 BMW I personally just
want a nice Challenger I mean I do but
Challenger is a fucking beast I'll smoke
you in a challenge but I don't know for
that so many people slide into my DMS
asking me for automatic check yo send me
over I feel bad for a lot of fun of you
but yeah it's fake fan Oh some people
see me like check out my easy than I
look and it's like in a blue adidas box
with the ricean like hey come on man
anyway hit me up on Instagram
got me some legit checks Jamie the green
j8y under 18
snapchat same shit fucking down anyway
so hit me up our governments legit chat
shoes for your bar I want the crew
rocking fake shoes I do this shit all
the time because it added up greatness
at it even if you buy them from any shop
and you kind of feel if he give me up
send me detailed pictures of the shoe of
the box of the size tag inside the shoe
the bottom of the shoe I can send me all
that crap kids fishing
it's the way it goes sorry Shasta my
connect trust my tonight in the pay
Modesto area to be exact
anyway so yeah anyway to that girl by
the way our plane is full over here you
over here trying to fit room for another
slice of pizza
hey DJ chocolatey Stinson I think he's
filming the Newgrange from the galaxy Oh
DJ channel coming soon
y'all get to know me I got talked into
it GS smooth 98 on the snap
because usually hear me I'm telling guys
that he's a huge fan or whatever what's
up
I tell ty disguises thank you he says
Jamie you're awesome for that state
state gray and stay blessed and he says
Chuck I choked eyes though he could
smell it to rock guys he's literally
recorded for 30 minutes this vlog
30-minute log Hey
no jabs I don't even want to say but if
people I can make sure funny shit can do
anything give me 20,000 20,000 thumbs up
if you want him to put that part I just
said anyway one more thing to ask one
more thing
damn Daniel okay give me this fucking
camera man all right guys so I just got
back to my crib about to go home and
edit this vlog call it a night I bought
this like it's a obey and Huff collab
hat and the reason why I like it is
because whenever I wear things like this
people think I'm like repping Illuminati
and they think I'm Illuminati when I'm I
don't even think that exist so so I
think it's pretty cool yeah and that's
it so yeah imma call it a night and I'm
kind of crapped out because I didn't
really get any dope visuals for today's
vlog so there wasn't any light dope
b-roll or like a dope intro or anything
like that so I want to apologize but I'm
gonna try to get back on that grind that
Casey nice that flow patience and hard
work that's all you need but hard work
that's more key than anything make it
alright bye guys
like now
