alright guys Nika Khan Memphis if you
didn't watch yesterday's video we got
here this morning so I'm a little tired
but we will be fine Amina's here wearing
her own shirt this is probably the
second smallest think account of the
year the first one being Vegas this
might be it either the same or a little
smaller it's a very small market but you
know we're trying to go to new places
and things like that so let's check out
the vibes alright guys so we're inside
now we are at the crap protect booth as
always we got everybody lined up over
there
they're a little quiet out here so it's
the
hi guys so my man pulled up on me so you
guys probably don't even remember this I
even remember this but he was in a vlog
they weren't like almost two years ago
I'll try to find the clip but we'll
flashback to it it was hilarious one fan
guys he's a glutton you guys subscribe
hey Thank You Man I got a I got to meet
you man hell yeah shots is synthetic
crude I see in 1 0 fufufu linux he'll
not cruise you ready to floss
stay consistent it's just I told you
consistency is key and use cut protect
all right guys so let's keep it real ok
Igor Khan vlogs are being cut becoming
very repetitive same stuff to shout out
this that that that this is what we're
gonna do my man what's up guys all of a
sudden my man unknown vlogs he does this
thing on this channel where he asks
people how much is their outfit today
I'm gonna take some inspiration from him
I'm a link up down below because that's
my boy we're gonna find out who's got
the most
I'm gonna find out who has the most
expensive sneakers at sneaker con and
look who's next to me so we're gonna ask
you how much are your sneakers worth
well what did I pay for them or like I
paid 3300
in our and in February of 2015 but now
since the new pair came out the old pair
everybody wants to get their hands on
one cuz they can't buy the new pair
these are going for like 10 to 12 right
now damn okay these pairs like nine okay
yeah I'm gonna walk around we'll find
out who got the expensive shoes on how
much are your shoes would right now they
probably going for like twenty-five
thirty thirty-five hundred
you guys did a collab with BBC some I'm
sure you got a plug possibility modest
how much are you shoes words three 300
325 some big bed
okay we're here with Miss high speeds
how much do you shoes worth
yeah according to Goethe I would say
like 1,100 1,200 shown what you have on
complex what are they
Comic Con exclusive Air Force One
that's how much are your shoes worth 350
bucks no no we resell wise 800 800 then
I mean they're 900 OC but we're going
back power crisis trying to get better
prices I'm AG part of the triangle wave
runners they were worth retail retail
worth retail you got a retail right all
right there you go how much are your
shoes would I don't know they go to
every chain I think it's like 11 under
no that's like hey now they're like
really it's been a long day without you
my friend let's just say sneaker con New
York
we've already given them too many hints
they already know they even made their
own logos I know they've made you guys
have made your own logos that are fairly
accurate super accurate stay tuned stay
tuned the Jordan Buster's in the buildin
yo how much are you shoes word mine yeah
like 200 let me see an Instagram video
they look real
they're the 215th Oh Jordan 50 years our
guys back at the hotel now and sneaker
cotton Memphis was a good vibe man it
wasn't as crazy as other sneaker cons
it's a very very small sneaker community
out here very similar to what Vegas was
last weekend but they wanted to test out
the market the first time in Vegas and
in Memphis and still a lot of people
came out we sold well we didn't sell out
of the shirts we have like we accident
for the first time ever I made double XL
and we have all the double XL remaining
like people always ask me at every
Meetup how come you never make double XL
how come you never make double XL the
one time we make double XL it doesn't
sell at all like one person bought one
right one person bought one so no more
double XL anyway since we are in Memphis
and I don't know if I'm ever gonna come
to Memphis again I was like you know
what we gotta go to a Grizzlies game
thankfully they play the Rockets tonight
which is a good team Grizzlies is like
whatever I heard Connelly got injured so
it kind of sucks but I gotta go to the
game so we're gonna go meet up with
Mickey right now to go to the game and
we yeah low-key I was just I was
thinking that to to wear some warriors
did y'all lose a charger I don't even
know whose number this is alright guys
so we are going and I will see you at
the arena I'm gonna use my phone to vlog
because I don't can't take this big
thing into the arena yeah we out all
right guys we out here at the game it's
currently four minutes left
and Memphis is getting their butts back
o bandwagon
vinas over here watching the the score
of the Warriors game but it was still
entertaining show watching James Harden
live it's entertaining like crazy but
yeah it was dope experience my goal is
to go to a game from every home team in
the NBA so I'm like that I think I'm at
like eight I'm at eight right now
yeah so another like 20 so I've been to
New York alright but anyway we out of
here I'm tired it's gonna go home I can
beat traffic let's go let's get out of
here you're not gonna take your go
Grizzlies sticks no sorry guys so back
in the room now and we are about to call
it a night we have an early morning
flight about 9:00 a.m. we get out of
here and we're not going home but I
can't tell you guys where we're going
yet because I kind of want to just
surprise you guys and I'm very excited
for it we got some business meetings and
and all that stuff next up we got
sneaker con London and then we got
sneaker con Berlin and then we got
sneaker call in New York and that is
gonna wrap it up for 2017 like I've been
telling you guys the Black Friday sale
is gonna be happening this Friday on
dream crew calm hats starting at $5
shirt starting at $10 hoodies starting
at $20 and a whole bunch of other items
are gonna be for sale dream cool calm I
think we're gonna do the sale starting
at midnight Eastern's but as far as the
sneaker cons go
so for London I will be releasing
something special with krepp Patek I'll
give you guys more info on that very
very soon and then sneaker con Berlin I
haven't decided what I'm gonna be
releasing I might not release anything I
haven't decided yet
so let me know if you're coming to
sneaker con Berlin tweet me or something
so I can see if I should make some
Berlin merch for that event and then New
York City is gonna be very very special
because New York City sneaker con is
always the craziest sneaker con of the
year it is the best sneaker con of the
year and this year is gonna be the
craziest of all time because the
attendance is gonna be through the roof
you know we've been hinting we've been
throwing some hints at you there were
some hints in this vlog too but
you guys a little bit more about what's
gonna be dropping at sneaker Con New
York this weekend so I'll be able to
give you guys more updates on that very
very soon
I'm dropping two different collapse for
sneaker con New York and then that will
be it for the year and that um that's
gonna wrap up my sneaker con journey but
you guys better I gotta go sleep hobby
started this blog but time to call it a
night it did thumbs up if you guys enjoy
you guys tomorrow
oh yeah and also shout out to the homey
who made me this very very dope the
other homie he gave me this Mitchell
Ness Chicago Jersey appreciate the love
guys don't get me gifts when it comes to
the sneaker cons and stuff I just want
to meet you guys I just want to hang out
with you guys and I don't need any gifts
so please guys no more gifts I
appreciate it and thank you guys
and I'm out that's it me in here my no
candy
