they don't know that all they don't know
they don't know you guys I have a lot of
making up to do and I intend to do that
with the next few vlogs I know I've been
super lagging lagging like in my vlog
game has been weak as hell but I've been
sick I've been at home I've been doing
literally nothing but like computer work
so what am I going to vlog today is
gonna be a great day I'm not to go link
up with the guys right now we got a
special guest as we always do in the
vlog today flying in he just flew in I'm
going to go grab something to eat talk
some power moves and then tomorrow night
I got someone else flying in and then
that person is flying in for the reason
for one reason only that's to go to the
Kobe versus LeBron basketball game it's
the final time that those two guys will
meet up and play against each other so
it's going to be history in the making
and you know me I gotta be there so
that's on Thursday there's something in
my eye I am a focus on driving and I
will see you guys oh my god what is this
alright guys so we finally got to
Westwood them back at it again with the
teal outfit is ring time which I was
like goodness what's up there
ready for the copier checked or all
right guys so we are in the works of
trying to come up with this boy there's
nothing official yet but the name is
going to be the cup you're checked or is
it no is it I'm just kidding that's what
I call it these guys like no we can't do
that so we're not gonna call it that but
uh all of a sudden fire kicks back there
so yeah I'm about to go girl we don't
know we're gonna eat it but uh there's a
lot of options out here so we'll see
what we get teriyaki boys sushi boys so
damn what you got that I got oh we got
more coming on day I heard about that
actually when you got me a milk Oh heart
attack I bet she came Trinity what kind
of name is art what's a heart attack
damn we're back at it with the white van
Solomon said it 7g are you guys doing
what's the next move for for you fam
how's the sneaker reality game reselling
game is I got two pairs of heat but I
just haven't been able to sell them so
coming soon coming soon
what's the next hot shoe on the Block
next I'll shoot on the blog are the
blinding Kobe 11s all white that are
going to be coming out the market kinda
iffy right now but I think I got a
problem as they come out they're gonna
be all white Kobe elevenses finding
faulty colors their fire cake fire king
he got that inside scoop it's like windy
and it's hot I don't understand what's
going on man
feel like what warming again here's next
time Francisco freakin crazy but anyway
we just got done eating our sushi we are
about to go get a pen and paper and
start planning some big
Chief cuff yo chick tour coming soon
this summer we're pretty much patting a
little tour trying to figure out what
cities we want to hit up down below pick
your cities comment down below and let
them know what you did you want them to
be in exactly amazing we're also going
to launch a website where you can list
the city you want us to come to and in
the top cities we're going to come to I
don't know we're gonna do like 10 or 12
cities or something like that but it's
gonna be crazy man so summer 16 be ready
and yeah man we're gonna be working on
merchandise like I haven't released
merchandise in like a year besides the
socks which I have just had so I'm
working on three new sock designs I
already worked on them we're trying to
get them produced and obviously when the
tour comes down I'm gonna have like
shirts and things like that so it's
super exciting on top of that we just
got crazy things that we're trying to
work on this guy's too late why I say
why not try to do stuff instead of just
imagining it let's make it happen
you
these are going to go to London London
town he's our philosopher the weight in
Turkey G halal you see though was our
main trick to see you in two months only
the one screen in Turkey maybe out ha
only them at home only village ways I
can see you in two weeks in two weeks
two weeks I heard about that actually he
doesn't live in the trap house anymore
guys no I got a normal place now so
randomly we just decided to stop all
Fairfax I mean literally Fairfax is like
two minutes from my house and we rarely
come here we're just going to check out
like Fight Club supreme there supposed
to be a future free bands pop-up shop
but I think it's close alright so we're
gonna go to flight club first let's see
what they got for overpriced sneakers yo
I used to have these in high school man
these joints are fire I might have to
pick these up right now these are flames
as much as I want these men on behalf
the pastor's I'm in mind too many
sneakers again reach
red sneakers be like damn fire case you
got the hottest sneakers in the shop and
thank you family not just with my thing
how the other fizz
what's your top pick on this wall yeah
something I would wear something with
mr. Risa what was the most hot issue in
the game right now okay I don't know I
don't think those pinnacles up there I
think the first two might be a hot
yourself
oh you got the just dog the
limited-edition one flowing with the
wood goodness you have to Beach one
Tokyo I got a tree let's get out of your
fabric
damn this new car you bought the bypass
positive post with it Oh your thumbnail
might stop you'll be like walking right
into the car
what's up am doing pretty good I'm gonna
write this part right now so let's see
if I can get into
yo this is dope this is a giant water
gun made out of water guns craziness
this dope is he'll take me with the
potion so you got Diamond Supply which I
haven't worn in so long hall of fame
which is pretty dope they got some dope
vibes and then you got comin with this
frickin jogger jeans all of a sudden fam
what the hell
swag I think I found swag
this is a crazy all of sudden
what the hell what the hell is this man
my god over sudden don't look don't show
that
Purple Rain
this is Dobis hello Gurdaspur alright
guys so we live in Fairfax we didn't get
anything from the free band we're not
about that life right now gonna leave
I gotta edit tonight man I gotta edit
that main channel video coming out today
on the main channel so make sure you
guys watch that that's a major key watch
it and I don't know what else we're
gonna do for the day honestly and I just
saw something crazy bro look at this art
first of all they got these fire kicks
and then look at this ultra boost
