Oh
anyways okay yeah I can come why you
want me come it doesn't matter
what's good drink crew family hope
everybody's having a great day I just
had some fire ass Panera Bread I'm
supposed to link up with a fetid hua ji
but man my nose is clogged I feel really
under the weather so I don't know if I'm
still gonna good I'm just chillin right
now oh what is this lady she thought I
was valid so I'm just chillin right now
and I think I'm gonna hit up target
because I need to get a few things at
cuz I got a young Target gift card I
want to apologize for again apologize to
you guys again for the lack of logs like
I said before I've been sick so I've
just literally been home trying to get
better Jamie's been in Mexico so we've
been doing a lot of like face face times
trying to like discuss power moves for
the coming week so the next two weeks
we're going to be doing a lot of a lot
of crazy power moves for you guys so
stay tuned for that we got a lot of
things in the work and I don't want to
just sit here and tell you all the ideas
I have because I want to show you guys
the process and I want to show you guys
us actually doing it rather than sitting
here and hyping up stuff that's not
being done yet so I'm going to wait for
that but I just wanted to let you guys
know
that crew kicks has some crazy stuff
coming guys just know that I'm not
always going to be just sitting in my
room unboxing stuff though fruitcakes is
a network it's going to be something
that you watch religiously five days a
week
oh so stay tuned man cuz crew cakes I
can finally hear you guys crew cakes
it's taking over man one CD at a time
and I don't like to give you guys
information like back to back to back to
back because I feel like if I just sit
here and talk all day it'll be hella
boring but just a quick roundup of
what's going on with like me and the
channels the main channel just hit
250,000 subscribers so that's a quarter
million right there so and then on top
of that I already announced that we will
be coming to sneaker Con in Cleveland at
the end of this month March 26th
I'm coming alongside some special guests
from the crew so I don't know if I
should tell you guys who from the cruise
coming but I'm gonna leave it at a
surprise right now but if you're from
Cleveland let me know if you guys are
gonna be in the house for sneaker con
Cleveland platelets think ik on new
video today on the main channel let's go
to Target alright guys so I'm at the
ball right now and I literally came up
with a new
for the video so I think I want to do it
but I would have to buy something for it
and then I would just return it after
but I would need to go buy some bands so
I'm going to see I might go to the band
storm by bands and then film that scene
if I can't know about that buy one I
will do it yet but I wanted young target
employee group meaning cart cart gang
going in family so I'm in the target
shoe section and I just saw something
crazy bro look at this art first of all
they got these fire kicks and then look
at this ultra boost they got the easy
ultra boost at Target bro what is this
are you kidding me
I'm just kidding is everybody got him
yeah they look better then they better
on me than on the shelves you know what
I'm saying let's get out of here all
right so I got what I need from Target
I'm gonna make a round around the mall
because a few shoes came out today so I
want to check them out I don't think I'm
a cop anything the twos are dope that
came out but I just think it would be
I don't know I just I don't think I'll
wear so I'm not going to cop on those
but they're super dope so surprisingly I
went to about two sticker store so far
champs and reaction and both of them
were sold out of the tooth so
surprisingly they're selling out which
is crazy but doesn't make me want that
more but it's just it's dope to see a
retro Jordan sell out so I would make to
Jordan weekend releases in a row that
the shoes actually selling out because
last week the master trove sold out so
finally Jordans coming back strong man
all of a sudden Vans all of a sudden you
have a size 10 here
sighs ten I think I'm gonna go with
those ones right there I don't know if
I'm gonna keep them after the video or
not I used to rock bands a lot but I'm
not going to hop on it because
everyone's gonna say all the sudden to
me we'll see I'm getting it for the
video right now see if I hold on to
these are crazy sir hello like I've been
walking around the mall with milk tell
me that's not swag as hell milk boy
all of a sudden easy season 750 750 vans
what is this family these are pretty
dope though thanks
now all of a sudden they're popular
again I feel like Pablo when I'm leaving
the mall
I feel like Pablo oh wow it's freaking
cloudy as hell out here in Los Angeles
man bipolar weather
that's for sure what we have out here in
Cali okay we found there was no twos so
shout out to join him Brown they're
killing it in 2016
can't believe I just bought some vans
but it's for the video guys I might just
keep him oh hi pieces of the year 2016
back-to-back 2015 2016 champion Drake
rolled back to back for me this is it
this is goodbye I don't know I've
struggled so much with these data shows
but I made this the way bigger deal than
it is yo okay so anytime I exit this is
the street I go on to get to my house
and look what they just put if this
isn't motivation then I don't know what
the hell is because this is just
freaking amazing this is oh wow
got to get out for this one
yeah look how many people pulled over -
everybody's taking pictures of it this
is new I think they split this up today
she's crazy if you guys remember I did
an intro for a vlog right here it was a
guy hitting a baseball I had a baseball
bat he was breaking the wall there was a
heart so they replaced it with this so
this is crazy motivation every day when
I Drive down the street to go home so I
really like that I got put that on
snapchat too insane so this has been my
past few hours but we got something
right here let's open this up first off
back at it again with the white vans I
think I bought a bunch of stuff I don't
need I'll be wondering this didn't speak
matter when he went to prison he's a
legend man Brooklyn police department
Vincent Kennedy McMahon kind of grew on
me and these would be dope for the gym
so Kevin Owens fight Owens fight kale
black and silver now I gotta send
pictures to my only wrestling friend
Jamie so what up guys so I'm about to
call it a night it's currently or 17
a.m. I just got done working on a few
designs for some apparel I can't tell
you guys too much about that but I'm
super excited about that I need to edit
this vlog so I'm not gonna sleep at all
tonight and then yeah that's how it's
pretty much going I'm supposed to have a
new main Channel video today on the main
channel I'm not a hundred percent happy
with it I didn't get to film the last
scene with the vans that I bought
because I didn't have anybody to film
the scene with me so if I'm if I can
finish editing and wake up early film
that scene put it in there and then
release it like around noon I don't be
good and if it doesn't go up today it's
going to go up Wednesday I believe so
either today or Wednesday it will be
also stay tuned I see a theater piece
they got that young restock y'all
restock gang restart gang
I gotta get a cart
