so as you guys can see we got ourselves
a plain brown shoebox and you're
probably wondering where I freakin got a
plain brown shoebox but all I did was
take my Black History Month shoebox and
flip it inside out so if you want
yourself a replacement box this is kind
of like a sneakerhead life hack you just
flip the box inside out and it goes
right back into position so basically as
you guys can see it's inside our box so
I'm gonna ship these shoes in this box
because I don't have a regular box I
know I should probably double box but I
think this should be fun
but anyway I'm sending these out today
to the lucky winner that won these
through the journey sneaker contest so
I'm a wrap these up and then I got to
return these so I gotta ship these three
pieces of shits out and then I gotta
send these out to the to contest winners
I picked them last night and in the vlog
actually so I'm gonna send these two out
- I don't have packages for these but
send those out so I gotta stop by and
take care of all that stuff and then I
gotta take these bad boys back to Nike
which I was super excited to use this
morning these new running shoes I got
because these they come
with extra inserts but they gave me a
small insert like look this is like a
size eight I got a ten and a half look
how short that is so this is the thin
insert that it comes with and then this
is a thicker one obviously I want to use
the thicker one cuz it's more padding
but they gave me a small a short one so
I got to take this back to Nike and then
I can use them tonight when I go to the
gym
they right here
yes
the only option I get to return item
please don't give bar that's your credit
button because I bought it on the line
so they're not going to ship including
the credit card information
that's security I can't give you money
back it might use this voice silencers
called anyone with suicide so let me do
it about to pull up to the Container
Store I need some more drop boxes my
room is getting kind of over full with
sneakers so I'm gonna stop here and I'm
stopped at the post office
damn they got that young restock y'all
restock gang restock gang I gotta go get
a cart
should be good for the rest of the year
all right this is for the people that
say that I don't ship away my giveaways
I got one stock right here another stock
and the sneakers oh my god I'm so pissed
right now okay so I don't know why I
didn't record this because I was like
walking to the Grove while I was doing
this I had my headphones on
I called adidas corporate and I asked
him about the return policy and Jeff
shoutout to Jeff he's like there's no
reason why any adidas store should be
doing that they should be taking your
order back without problem so he asked
me what story so I told them the melrose
adidas original store said it's like no
that's not it he said the policy is that
they can take back any online return
orders or anything so he's like what I
could do for you is I could I'm gonna
ship you a I'll ship you a label that
instead of just shipping it back
regularly it's an overnight label and
they're gonna refund me with my money
back as soon as they get the package so
literally I'll be getting my money back
ASAP rather than just waiting like three
weeks and on top of that they give you
me a promo code for a future purchase
and if you guys don't believe me because
I don't have the phone call on camera I
will show you guys those emails just to
let you know I'm not lying and at the
end of the day the customer is always
the right shoutout to adidas
now that's good enough fire kicks to the
test I gave him two numbers without
telling him the order and you gotta
guess his Jordans they are
