water bottle top is like a poop stick $2
so almost $30 are going to put in today
another 21 another one another five you
know what another 20 save that paper
people shouts out to me I want to see I
really don't know what's wrong with me
but I feel like complete right now
mine right when I stepped out the house
like all my freakin allergies and
everything just rushed to my head and I
feel way worse
and I think it's good laughs that you
see on but it gets too hot like I'm oh
god like 99 problems right now man this
is just frustrating man but anyway I got
some good news I got off the phone with
CREP and it looks like I'm really
excited because for the first time I
will be coming to Cleveland Ohio for
sneaker con so if you're from Cleveland
if you're from Ohio or if you're willing
to drive from wherever and be there I
will be at sneaker con in Cleveland it's
99% right now we just haven't booked the
flights that's the only thing that we
need to do and I will be at the creme
protect booth and I'll sing it to you
guys already before it's even official
just because I'm so excited with me it's
like I'm I put myself in the same
position as you guys and we make fun of
these certain scenarios that all
sneakerheads go through so people really
connect with me and I'm so blessed to
have that feeling of meeting someone who
enjoys something that I create and who
goes through the same situations as I do
so it's just a blessing to be able to
have people recognize the crew and
recognize me and recognize you guys
thank you guys man appreciate you guys
and right now about to go get some food
a pan-arab and get some soup in my
system and have a good day man so
tomorrow I mean actually you guys are
watching this today today as fire cakes
birthday guys there some guys everybody
show them love in the comments section
down below and make Achmed the type of
dude comments not don't do kinda that's
all I see on your comment yeah man it
sucks cuz it takes over the like the
comes on the video so you know I don't
get all I see the kyster talk with your
own no feedback on the video exactly so
now those are gonna go over your
birthday comments but anyway tweet him I
don't know this dude has like 50 million
usernames I don't know maybe eight
underscore mudan and Modi I am I feel
like one one of those guys follow me on
this and other people that come up
follow me on this underscore this is
that anyway we're going right now to
grab some food and then we got to go
meet with Mickey over at Mac Park to
discuss some power moves so you got a
lot of big things coming for the channel
so I need you guys to just you know
stick with crew kicks cuz there's some
big things coming like I said so after
we go to visit Mickey we're gonna hit up
the gym cuz you guys have been telling
me to go to the gym cuz I'm a fatass so
we're gonna go to the gym and we'll have
a good night guys so ya ready I'm ready
but they got the dopest kid stuff this
this place makes you want to have kids
okay first of all check this eye off
baby Easy's right here this is not by
deed as though disclaimer it's not by
Jesus but still you know and this little
kit right here fitted Angie it's amazing
then fire kicks
and making the hoop higher I'm gonna
vlog and down here bouncing to me now
that's good enough
fire kicks to the test I gave them two
numbers without telling him the order
and you gotta guess with Jordans there
what number this is some three four five
six seven eight seven here at seven
let's see what we got you got the frame
here but money lies the amount of bugs
bunny buyers actually this ISM I want to
say like this final answer that's wrong
if you get this one yeah no no no even
more wrong yeah I didn't realize that no
that's the wrong
yeah there you go Danny lost completely
wrong for a kickflip in G out of
business
ha ha you look so scared you gotta push
it back so as you guys saw we tested him
out with putting the last few Jordans in
order so we said you know what let's mix
it up the switch the colors and we made
a full crew kicks video out of it so
that will be up next week testing his
powers out and see if he knows his
Jordans and let's see if fire kicks has
really earned the title fire cakes I
know me on the spot anyway we bout to
get some running on the basketball court
hopefully there's run we're going up
these epic Hollywood LA Fitness stairs
these stairs it's the mobile talk that's
why fat when you go to the gym and
there's no Road at all someone on wine
so originally I was gonna return these
but I'm gonna still try them out even
though they are like an inch big but I
just want to test them out and see how
they are on the court probably won't be
able to return them one time
you know we were our sneakers and ID
this is up because if you buy
something online you can't return it in
stores so that's kind of like annoying
so we don't play basketball of these yo
these shoes have the worst lacing system
and they fit crazy big this fits like a
frickin eleven and a half it's a size 10
 all of a sudden adidas I'm
returning those I'm gonna play in my
freakin running shoes and I'm gonna beat
him and I'm not gonna make any excuses
let's do this
ah
Oh
okay so I let fire kick swing
haha if you sure you got the real toys
you can see some some moves
anyway we're gonna lift right now I
guess that's the thing what is that what
it's listing how do we lift each other
up no I've never done it so we're gonna
I've done it before I've done it
you know like three years ago all right
what we're gonna do we're gonna do some
press let's get it alright guys welcome
to the first edition of fruit fitness
today we're gonna be bench pressing 35
on each side I believe I could be wrong
35 on each side we bout to get it get it
lit right now the guy doesn't know how
to use a bench press yeah stop it you're
doing the wrong way G messing around
let's just see what happens in Vegas
then
yeah I'm doing eight or ten you do like
a warm-up but feel like ya do one more
there you go baby
work hard you did more than that already
I know but usually when I am my old gym
back in the bay I used to do this work
25:45 you did more right now I know I'm
dying what is this you need a spa I made
it look easy you look like you're you
stressing right now and now we leave him
the stairs walk with me great workout
shout out to fire kicks OH
new new program coming out fire workouts
fire over to my new personal trainer
secure the bag alright guys so we came
to Ralph's to get some groceries for me
this guy's making me eat healthy like I
was trying to get Cocoa Puffs this guy
baby get special okay Pam what is this
we're in a group chat right now and
they're making fun of me because it was
my first day like lifting and stuff like
that yeah you're in the movie alright
all of a sudden BAM so we're talking
about the Caixa sky's the type of dude
comments and we should just do a video
where you guys like read oh yeah that
would be hella funny I'm gonna be the
funniest ones is that somebody commented
yesterday was catch the type of dude to
play dead while his friends are getting
jumped I think that's true and then
somebody said a stupid one and then
someone's like that are funny I don't
support you guys to keep doing it
because it takes away from the video but
some of them are just dumb somebody
there's like guys too type of dude - uh
what do you say some stupid about
Tyson - I forgot it was so dumb I forgot
okay
I can't right now I can't all right I
don't know where that trend started from
but yeah pretty much everybody's just
taking the old Drake jokes and putting
my name on it but if you guys could get
like let's say how many thumbs up should
they get on this vlog ten thousand
because they've been killing the
ten thousand thumbs up and I'm gonna sit
down sit down all my friends and have
them read the comments that you guys say
the type of dude comments and make it
into a funny video so there is no
nobility in Tahoe I don't rich man and I
have been a poor man I choose which the
losers are ritually when I have to face
my problems I show in the back of a limo
where the $2,000 and a $40,000 gold for
May
hey what's going on guys what a
beautiful day out here in LA not hot not
cold nice and breezy no Chris Brown a
beautiful car is awaiting me for me to
go drive today I'm gonna go meet up
right now actually with fire kicks for
his birthday I'm gonna hang out with him
for a little bit just have a good time
we're gonna go to 3rd Street and I think
watch us is gonna meet us
I'm not sure look at my beauty just
chilling right here on this beautiful
afternoon I got to get a suit gotta get
a suit suit suit was good guy so we just
got the third street watch us finally
back hey welcome back birthday boy look
at him he got the fresh white pants the
easy some days in advance oh my god so
fast no the road just over the blanket
oh yeah those are my pants guys those
are my bed take it
hey yo peak rush upcoming shoot I got
this new bus cop guys it's before the
mosque up wow this is the check this a
oh wow
the Brahma bull I need a exhale all of a
sudden like so he likes his fits loosely
yo they got the pink Ric Flair this is
fire
you got that licensed by the WWE sticker
I'm gonna get both of these men the rock
and Ric Flair this is a classic car
cakes hey I love I love wrestling now
all of a sudden WWE shirt shirt some hot
pink and some rocks of Ric Flair whoo
did you really yeah they're freaking
hardly look this one has the rock the
way and then this one is pink and has
refused you knew they had him and he's
no I just saw him and I was like what
the but I'm gonna actually wear
this because me and Jamie are sitting
ringside at raw neck
yeah dude it's crazy in Los Angeles
Holly
yeah Staples Center we're sitting
ringside you know how much it cost you
guys gonna resign Yeah right like all
the Rings like legit ringside like oh we
go put our hand over the DHD and we're
facing this camera so that we're gonna
be on TV what is it oh hi Ross
yeah April April uh no not WrestleMania
I'm not going to Wrestlemania
April something April 10th I think a
staple center April 11 watches spam will
be on TV I'm gonna probably wear my pink
shirt this is the green Goblin's fam
that's a sick ass display the lastly
greeting stop the green goes green goes
then I'm a caustic iris gonna make the
all-star team he was injured O'Shea
Katie really signed that is that real
yeah
oh you had a grand opening
all of a sudden Katie yo so this new
Nike running shoes just came out and I'm
getting these right here a little bit of
motivation and also a new review for you
guys the first row first running shoes
oh my go mourn for oh my god my god
so I did just pick up the new Nike
running shoes the lunar epic fly net I'm
gonna make the its own video about them
it's gonna be my first running review
which is I know my fat ass doesn't go to
the gym but I think buying a pair of
running shoes is a great motivation that
I needed and on top of that I'm going to
be doing a review like I said and then I
think I'm gonna even throw in a
comparison video like the top nike
running shoe compared to the top adidas
running shoe which in my opinion is the
pure boost so yeah so it's something a
little bit different from my style on
through kicks but I mean it's a sneaker
at the end of the day and I want to give
the people what they want to know so
I'll let you guys know for all the
people looking for a new running shoes
whether it's good or not so we'll see
and I just uh
Achmed and yg left they had to go so I
call them an uber since I had a free
Hoover for them I got that free uber
coat thanks to you guys uber QoP use it
I'm just gonna hit up a few more stores
and then I'm gonna go edit and head out
of here
all right guys was good it's currently
12 42 am about to wrap up this vlog I
want to apologize for no not that many
vlogs this week there was only like two
so far it's just been a rollercoaster
for me so my apologies again things are
gonna start getting rolling
there will be no vlog every day this
weekend I hope and yeah man I'm about to
actually pick the winners above the
Instagram saw contest so I already
picked one of the winners off camera
like an idiot so I'm gonna pick the
second winner right now let's do that
okay so I'm going to Instagram this
picture I'm gonna go to the comment
section six thousand comments I hate
your screen contest because I feel like
this is the way I'm doing it I feel like
it's not even fair
like I keep seeing this that's again
between Oh to keep going
that didn't count
right here
because here we go right here this is
the second winner right here of what the
hell I met this guy that's crazy
this was not rigged at all which is
insane but I've actually met this guy so
that's our lucky winner this is the
other winner so I'm gonna send him a DM
as well anyway guys that's it for today
I got so much work to do right now I
don't even know if I'm gonna get any
sleep that I'll be G who won the machine
yet Wow
