it's that Tom for a Tuscan leather
smelling like a break
good guy so we literally just got to
Vegas it is 3 a.m. and it is cracking
because it is Vegas there ain't no
sleeping out here only like at 7 a.m.
that's when people start going to sleep
are you doing guys what happens in Vegas
stays in Vegas oh the blog might be
friends with this time around
check out the Kosmos lobby guys this
shit is next-level I'm about to go check
in though
alright guys check this out so we
checked in and we went upstairs to get
into our room and there was somebody in
the room already so I went downstairs
and I acted like I was super tired I
told him I had a 10-hour Drive and I
only in a four-hour drive and um I was
like yo this is unacceptable
I said I'm dead tired and they said oh
nice mr. Omar we're gonna upgrade you so
they upgraded us check it out the Cosmo
shoutout we got the best and we got the
shower damn coming about damn I just
think this is where all the big meetings
the big decisions have been Mogul talk
bomb the whole time look at this man
although they can't get a dove you wanna
come damn beautiful martyr cuz imma but
it bear
you
good morning from Las Vegas we just woke
up here's my outfit for today so we got
some Topshop jeans some hype dad supreme
boxers Raptors inspired all-star socks
nice target short sleeve hoodie black
ovios I don't know if I showed you guys
the closet yesterday but we got some
fire here for chatot and another pair of
black ovios these are fire kicks my
Balenciaga is with my Nike inserts to
make them comfortable these are yg
West's uh Oxford tans is trying to trace
the moon rocks he's not here but we're
gonna take care of him my pirate black
sand fire kicks pirate blacks thumbs up
alert 20,000 thumbs up and we'll give
away this rope right oh and by the way
guys we have $100 did you guys eat
something did you eat something in the
minibar dream all right
we had a Powerade he told you know how
much that powder it cost seven bucks
yeah we have $100 credit G we really we
musta grub right now we got some snacks
we got to eat this shit right now fan
don't even worry
shoutout to the Cosmo hundred dollars
credit at the minibar
what is this essentials get lucky
pleasure set what the okay let's see
what else we got in here fan
Oh chocolate milk think oh my god okay
hon let's see how much a chocolate milk
is oh oh five bucks man fuck with it we
about to finish this shit um just
sprayed myself smelling good got that
Tom Ford Tuscan leather smelling like a
brick I don't know this is my favorite
cologne right here hold on if you guys
were wondering what the kid smells like
it's that Tom Ford Tuscan leather
smelling like a brick fan we got that
good yarn
I know warehouse let's get three of
these motherfuckers on spray you know
I'm saying like
I think I got on my well so yesterday
was a sad day and I want to apologize
like from the bottom of my heart
yesterday was the first day since I
started crew kicks on September 20th
2015 it's the first time that I ever
missed a video I did not upload
yesterday on crew kicks this is the
second biggest ending streak in the
history of life the first one is the
Undertaker's WrestleMania streak this
one comes to a close second we were a
hundred and fifteen videos that was how
long the streak was and it ended so we
were 115 and one right now so that's
going to be something that I kind of
want to turn into a t-shirt where it
says 115 and one and then it says crew
kicks I'm kind of proud of it you know
what I'm saying it would have been nice
to go to 200 and even 300 but I kind of
let my personal life and my personal
problems get in the way of my career in
my business and my youtube I didn't have
a video it's just I didn't want to you
know what I'm saying I just do not have
the drive that morning to wake up and
film something for you guys so I want to
apologize for slipping I hope you guys
do um accept my apology I know that's
very unlikely for me to go the rest of
the year without missing a day but I'm
gonna try my best and I promise to try
my best
115 and 1 now let's start a new streak
inspired kicks this guy's still getting
ready man
whenever you guys are ready yeah we're
ready all right thank you guys thank you
thank you
what's up hey yeah you're doing damn
Daniel damn back at it again with the
white vans leather premium white
American come beloved looking for
revenge look at the beautiful Las Vegas
Strip in the background G and the Jake
Jake fire cakes came through with the
exclusive 32 south date back know about
that drink in your personal care alright
guys so we just got to dxc dunk exchange
Las Vegas about to go I'm really excited
man one thing that I really like is to
see the different types of cultures
sneaker cultures in different cities so
I've been to like New York sneaker con
I've been to like Florida sneaker pawn
obviously been to Los Angeles San
Francisco and this is the first time I'm
doing anything Las Vegas related sneaker
event wise I guess we're going in and
one thing I hate about sneaker
conventions you know one grinds my gear
what my fucking music is way too loud it
messes up our videos in the vlogs then
you know we got a copyright problem
well I sound like Bill Cosby right now
are we going he always go y'all what's
up ourselves hold on what did you
pulling out a ball you look like you
just got drafted by UNLV fan got the Hat
all that all of a sudden NBA player oh
the sudden getting drafted sign you're
easy since Ellen G
let's get a fan it was good we are you
know I'm saying danke Schoen is not
really dancing right now I originally
moved from New York and I want to say
this guy's a big big big inspiration man
because he's helped me come out here to
do mine all my dreams and everything man
you know I mean I would appreciate our
free shipping Thank You Man so I don't
wait a lot yeah man we moved to LA that
really inspired me to you know really
want to come out here houses I'm from
New York originally yellow I'm already
hustle as it is you know so yeah man
I'll be out here gonna put my youtube
channel yet do the head in there soaked
everyone make our channel my youtube
channel so don't see v2s OD okay
number two and I made comedy videos over
there
vlogs sneaker shades on saying shut the
feed right now and what's up I've never
seen where we are be different are you
sure you over much I'm gonna let you
down below I got you but you anything
dude for sure man little Purdue - out -
Steve shout - Alejandro no you guys
watching shout out to ya counter
Christian so as you guys know you guys
watch it - gothic up the boy right here
we heard Uncas change but the with the
ovios back at it again this will be out
here pull up with the 666 was good fam
hey I wanted to shout out to my homies
back in Hawaii
Angelo show then marker and Mason I
pitched a few hits you originally from
Hawaii
not here oh nice that was a mistake
family I'm just kidding
all of a sudden fire keeps pulling up in
the white back at it again in the white
vans we just got your junk exchanged
this is what I'm talking about
it's way too loud in here gonna get
going
to make I have these shoes right here
I've never seen anybody else with these
these are the shoes that I had Kobe
Bryant sign for me there's only like 700
650 pairs beep I've never seen anybody
with them and he's gonna go in and I
know yeah
with the pet food just like I had Kobe
Sonny
and
you didn't
follow me on instagram under sunny
showing the stock back at it again with
the white vans all right so this guy
want to be in the ball was good hey
shout out to tell us everybody you make
use of my homie Eddie right here hey my
boy Johnny no Johnny fam alright guys so
we're taking a little break from dunk
exchange we're gonna go to the UN and
they have a free heat Locker thing these
two guys are the realest guys ever
because they're like yo guys I got a
question
I was like what's up they're like can we
get a ride with you to uni like I come
through the crew takes care of the crew
so shout out to these guys yeah huh I
got room for one more
he's about to ditch his friends and roll
with me he did figuratively like it
already over a shout-out to Brandon he
left us on my windshield and he put us
YouTube versus you two right there check
out his YouTube apparently he had to go
to work so he couldn't say what's up but
I appreciate you from yo this small is
so weird and it's so dead like what is
your hands
fire kicks hey yo look how packed it is
for this line so basically they're doing
a free play in there and you get one try
if you lose you're done should I call
freedom pirate black Easy's everybody
seems mad at here comfortable
that RPG who won the machine yet
wow I'm not the only one that can win
that shit
all right this guy one guy's a first
winner
all of a sudden there's a winner all
right guys so we just left dunk exchange
it was cool man
we sold out of crew socks we only have
three left I'm keeping one for myself
but anyway back at the hotel gonna rest
up and see what we're gonna do for the
rest of the day are we gonna go back
home tonight are we gonna stay another
night we have the room for one more
night what do you think I think you know
it's been a long day ahead turn a
diminutive relax oh just just take a
break and see what we didn't do guys so
at our hotel Cosmo there's actually a
dope shop sneaker shop and now it's fall
I can't read the name
all weird but they got mags in here
check this out that's a crazy-ass
display case alright guys I want to try
these on right now
alright guys right here this is inspired
by Jordan once the royal royal blues you
know high fashion because they want to
inspire got the breads right here got
the shadows right here you know what I
know my sneaker guys high-fashion
inspired by Jordans
Vegas is just beautiful it's very
underrated scenery man people just they
just talk about the party the party
party party buddy look at it around how
beautiful and the construction like that
building looks I can talk to tip over
fam who made this who made this he
didn't see that from our room you can
literally see that from our room and
it's like trippy bro I forgot to vlog
this morning but I tried to fly the
drone out of our mouth balcony and it
didn't end up so good there's marks on
the window
let me get outside - being on that at
all I didn't even get in five feet off
the ground it started leaning towards me
so I moved it to the side and it hit the
window and then start rubbing on the
window and then it you hear it just
going over like a minute
tattooin what happens in Vegas harvest
over that all of a sudden chapters in
blue now all of a sudden dr. evil
hola bud
you
you
what to answer
