what's good dream who family currently
at the Grove Oh make the clothes you
didn't make it what's up five kicks
how you guys doing did you miss me I
missed you a lot how was Florida
it was turnt family let's just say we
got a little tan I'm just kidding I
don't know if I got that anyway guys
we're at the Grove right now we just got
done filming look at this guy's full
House's coming to Netflix so they got
this like little stand at the Grove
should we get what costs or come do it
we just got done filming for this
Sunday's new video oh I heard about that
actually I heard about that damn Daniel
back at it again with the slippers Oh
pizzas food
we all want to get pizza - you have free
passes the machine
three plays Pizza fam 10,000 thumbs up
and I'll give away a free pizza just
take a video it's already filming okay
cool
what to answer
hi guys so our new show full house will
be premiering will learn on fuller house
yeah well we're gonna have a foolish
because we gotta beat the fuller house
it's really worth apartment and they
don't know where to live
just give me one of these I'm - we love
you - what's the e pizzas bad for me you
know I don't keep one comment down below
if you know who that is I have no idea
who that is
it's a beautiful day in LA guys it feels
kind of good to be back in LA I miss my
friends I miss you guys but I do kind of
Miss the sand between my toes in Florida
but this weekend will be Turk man we're
gonna be in Vegas yeah look you do it a
senator me a fire case we'll be in Vegas
you know gonna be in Vegas me and we
outside of Duncan's chain say what's up
I got some heat that I'm gonna be
bringing and you guys can't offer up I
got two pairs of feet you come in fam
are you flaking lion-like
flake you got to get ran over right now
so we got to get off the road I know but
anyway yeah guys this Saturday dunk
exchange the Las Vegas meet us outside
because it's expensive to get inside so
we will be outside until we go inside if
that makes sense
so we're eating right now I got a chip
charlie Chipotle burrito bowl aw crap
fire kicks got his free pizza is really
free you know Santa will cost for the
few pizzas he's busy looking for a new
trap house deliver shut up to the guava
gods and wasn't gonna say so I
downloaded this new weight calorie
watching app so hopefully jobs fire
cakes are putting me on to it and I'm
not gonna promote it cuz then people
gonna think I'm getting paid to do it
I'm not I just want to let you guys know
that I am trying to get in shape so
twelve people came up to me at the
sneaker oven they're like go to the gym
fat ass this job oh my god that guy was
like what the fuck and then I realized I
go I told him to say that so shout out
to everybody for keeping it real man now
it's time for some Bogle talk alright
guys so we just got done eating about to
hit up the Container Store because I
want to see if I want to buy some more
sneaker boxes
I need up but I don't know if I need Oh
and also I want to buy like a little jar
and then every time I have like spare
change I want to throw it in the jar
that's it and then cuz I see mayor do it
but I don't want to just do coins I want
to do cash I gonna have like three four
bucks of cash in my wallet I want to
throw it in the jar and then at the end
when it's full I'm gonna use that money
and go buy something crazy and I'm gonna
let them choose what I find like that
crazy parrot stickers or like any of
them what's good
I don't know man might take a year it
might take a while what should we call
it though the Mogul jar the dream jar
I'm up to something jar damn didn't even
have the boxes this is the small sizes
they stay selling out man they're coming
these are two small families are for
heels you got any heels to Risa I'm is
gonna start be selling red bottoms I
actually have a friend who wants to sell
a pair red bottoms if any if any of you
girls want to buy a pair of red bottoms
let me know because I got a pair of red
bottoms for sale where can we find like
a jar
you don't have one you know the 3d
shoeboxes what we have is so I think
this is yeah I might buy that what just
it's supposed to be feel like displaying
things but I think we'll be good for
when I'm getting like shots and kicks
and stuff I think it's a good idea I
might get this shelf alert that one
alright five kicks after Chuck has
chosen it right now we're gonna get that
one let's go that in this right here so
all of a sudden it got dark and we're
leaving I want some dessert right now
but I'm gonna control myself I'm not
gonna get any dessert and we got to go
back and film like one or two more
scenes for the video and then that will
be a wrap and that will be up on Sunday
so yeah and I just found out the dunk
exchange starts at 1:00 p.m. on Saturday
in Vegas so we will be there around 1:00
or 2:00 p.m.
no I can't get any I feel like this is
probably having some cereal when I get
back to the house
so yeah Saturday dunk exchange I'm gonna
have a few crew socks for sale I think I
have like 10 left so if you want a pair
of you crew socks all get employed if
you want a pair a dream cruise socks
make sure you come up to me quick and
we'll have a few more so what's up bad
all of a sudden this is sick as hell
look at this who wins Batman vs Superman
Superman actually cook tonight so I
guess but then
I could kill Batman was just like a
punch from what I heard Batman is one of
the strongest he's stronger than
Superman so I forgot was talking to you
no I was talking to someone and at the
end of the day Batman's life though I
like to have another super move now yeah
he gets our division
all right guys so what cost when I say
he actually lives in a trap house he
literally is living in a trap house but
not by choice like he got I think I got
tricked into it he got tricked into it
so he found somebody on Craigslist and
the person rented it out for him and
then a week later he found out it was a
trap house like the other roommate that
he doesn't even know is a drug dealer
and he's trying to get out of it right
you try and get out of anything you guys
want cocaine crosstalk no he's gonna
make us go inside I'm not gonna blog cuz
I'm scared but it's just crazy cuz he's
it's I don't even know he's not here
he's trying to get out of it because he
wants his money back but the lady won't
give him his money back so yeah long
story short but let's go see
cheese on its rice hill map that with
some sketch shit going on in there we
walked in and it was when we walked into
a casus room there was a guy in of girl
sitting there like clothes like and he
had never seen them before never
I think she's a hooker yeah so they were
like my bad yeah so it cost us any good
he's like hey are you guys renting this
room and like oh no no no I just guessed
like what the hell's going on g yr - in
my room Trap House withdrawals chapter
houses new you guys we didn't tell you
also the main master bedroom when you
open the door there was a drape so you
came in PC pasta draping like she was
putting just gonna wrap around it yeah
feeling good for each other taking money
from six seven thousand oh I think seven
thousand dollars you're fit you know
weigh it all hundreds
- no way seven thousand don't fit in
there you put a sticker on it that was
stickers on yeah yeah keep it clean you
know I think top of stickers all right
guys we got this sticker right here we
split so that you guys know I don't
replace this stickies mm-hmm and then we
got the five pillars then ovo collab
water bottle water bottle talk we leave
check what's out of water bottles
down into the first first first of all
10,000 thumbs up
free pizza giveaway I'm gonna put all
the money I have rent on it which it's
just $1 5 2014 he put all six he keep a
20g for emergencies what is that sixty
sixty six bucks
yeah six six six Oh
Oh
