what's going on guys so I just got to
the adventure a mall and LeBron stores
over here it's almost six o'clock it
closes at eight apart no it's almost
six-thirty it closes at eight thirty
yeah i'm just going to shop around
because I literally don't even have any
more clothes to wear I didn't bring them
as close as I'm an idiot
this is LeBron store right here but you
don't even play for Miami Heat I don't
know how often even comes here whatever
let's check it out
I
alright guys so they didn't have
anything
the way I thought I didn't like that
score LeBron if you're watching this you
got to fire all those employees because
it didn't help me anyway
let's see what else they have walk
around there's a white three store right
there but i don't really like adidas at
why do you know indeed us why here 2016
what is going on
his girlfriends over there and trying to
find each other so they got this thing
just chillin in the mall I've never been
a
never been too crazy about Lambos but
it's pretty nice I still take my
soon-to-be I ate over that any day
so I left the mall I didn't get anything
the mall was cool it just sucks man
because when I used to go like four or
five years ago and I used to go to like
New York or Virginia or just different
places every like the camps or every
foot locker they had different stuff
there that you couldn't get at other
states now it's just you go to the
stores and it's like everything is the
same exact stuff the only difference is
like team shirts and jerseys and I'm not
going to buy Miami Heat like stuff you
know what I'm saying like even the
boutiques which are supposed to have
like exclusive stuff like unknown I had
the same exact shoes that you could find
that footlocker like this little point
it just it just sucks so I didn't get
anything
we are at lincoln road mall right now
getting to meet up with some homies in a
minute hopefully if you make it but it's
just beautiful here this place this like
old strip right here with all the shops
reminds me of Third Street Promenade
it's like all of Miami reminds me like
of a combination of downtown San Jose
los angeles and hawaii all mixed up in
one you know i miss my shoes back home i
miss my mattress on the ground back home
i miss my car back home but i gotta be
out here working so i can keep those
back home shoutout to Khalid
please guys how you fell out by any
treating you never lasts all day so much
fun having all kinds of take over
college had so much fun from an LA bro
and have a blast Hogan I'm see you guys
soon in Vegas person like that at the
same place that we are at is the
freaking legend himself Shaquille O'Neal
Jack I said what's up to him as I yo was
good shack that was up at least be
humble because I want bioshock was good
he's looking at his phone he's like look
try to care about that and I go back to
the bathroom took a pitch like 35
seconds and I come back and then I took
my phone said take a picture and a
little shack music Norma shadow Shaq
Shaq and fucking we gotta find the gold
not when you smoke easily okay fine fuck
it let's walk away especially fucking
pissed i was like i have my snapchat
well i got snap and fucking get within
five seconds it takes five seconds of
your life I'm saying no you want to be a
fucking old superstar guy on the phone
okay I should I'm excited yeah I won't
share my feelings don't bother alright
guys so we're gonna end the vlog here I
know it wasn't super long but uh it's
all good you know slim but you gotta say
I'm saying man was I seeing you again in
Florida man it's always nice to see guys
what am I gonna see you again uh maybe
in Vegas you want to Vegas ever gonna be
pretty going to Vegas we're not just
come no not just coming vegas trip the
next one may bago me yeah and in the
summer definitely comes la i was talking
today i meet you up yeah and we might
come to New York soon to New York yeah
didn't come to me yeah she for sure
alright well thumbs up for Miami alright
guys we'll see you
