sup guys so we're currently at mag park
outside Mac Park and this is all all
more stuff that he wants to put on
consignment
I know Mickey's not here he's actually
already in Memphis I'm leaving tonight
like I got a late red-eye flight
hopefully Mac parks even opened because
they've shut down the whole street so
I'm assuming like the hours are really
bad right now because the whole streets
closed off everything is closed tonight
the quarterly soup
alright so most of the stuff that Omar's
putting on consignment is like outlet
fines and stuff like that I know people
always think that when I come do
consignment I do
consignment on stuff that I get for free
which is not the case I never do that
I'm putting these at 150 I'm probably
gonna put these at like retail these
some names in infant use that like to
2230 whole bunch of minutes at retail
we're gonna divvy that retail probably
retail for these whole bunch of like
Jordans you know like space jams 72 tens
like whole bunch of stuff putting this
on consignment what was retail you paid
140 after type of shipping in taxi 140 I
just put up like 150 alright alright so
I get my money back so if anybody wants
to come get this XL for yourself or for
your grandpa
I'm playing this here
so I had $900 store credit and what I
decided to cop was these not for myself
but for Mina
she didn't even you know asked for him
but I saw them and I was like you know
what I'll cop them so got these for a
really good deal they're a half size
small so hopefully they fit here but Air
Force ones usually tend to fit a little
bit bigger than usual so it should be
good to go so I'm about to leave Mac
Park right now I got the Air Force ones
we put up a ton of stuff on consignment
but now we're gonna go back to the crib
I need to go pack because I leave
tonight to Memphis for sneaker con the
day you guys are watching this like this
is sneak I'm a psychic on right now I
have my biggest supreme unboxing yet
from two different drops I think I have
four different packages to open up so
let's go ahead and go to that you
already know the drill
hit the intro and we'll see you home
although this is a special intro you
will see something very different in
this intro so one-time-only
intro now oh hey there there we go there
we go okay so I told you guys this is my
biggest supreme unboxing yet so first
things first we need a thumbnail you got
to look like somebody just like cut off
your leg alright got it
honestly I don't know why I bought this
but I'm really happy I bought it because
this is gonna be a sick display piece I
don't know where I'm gonna even display
it but whatever yeah I didn't even try
to get the robe because I knew that was
gonna be impossible but we got the
supreme matte right here
and I'm actually gonna open it up I'm
gonna like when people come or I'm gonna
be like yeah this this is your bed you
can sleep on this like oh yeah that's so
sick it's just a huge ass supreme logo
that sewed oh so we got the supreme mat
review it's
Priti boxer e-box
bach next up we've got some more stuff
from online I got most of this out all
of this stuff online so I've been
cooking lately no I'm saying wow they
gypped me on stickers do they ever not
give stickers I thought there was just
stickers down they gypped me they said
eff you
oh nope nevermind I got a box although
two box of those actually okay so this
is from like two drops ago or something
like that this is a collaboration with
an anime I'm not too familiar with the
anime to be honest with you I never
watch anime I know my boy unknown vlogs
is a fan of the anime that this is but I
thought it was a pretty cool piece
because like a lot of the things from
that collection like they had like
people eating pills and doing drugs and
I don't like promoting that type of
stuff but this one was pretty cool
because it was like an explosive or
something like that I really don't know
it kind of looks like a moon or
something but it's a supreme embroidered
and then I don't know what this says
honestly but this is like a polo jersey
I have been waiting a very long time for
this and they finally dropped it Oh what
I got that I got both of those alright
so what do we got of course we got two
more stickers we got the supreme pains
forest camel real tree t-shirt right
here so this is just a blank Hanes T
obviously camo print blank Kane's T and
I got the boxers right here but I'm an
idiot and I got the wrong size I got an
XL when I should have got a large now I
know these are still available and
supreme so I could easily buy another
one but I don't know I mean maybe I'll
see I mean it's a stretchy material so
maybe I'll see if it works but I'm
definitely gonna pack this for my
Memphis trip so so dope yeah I like how
it's brown so when I take a in my
underwear you won't be able to see the
stains it's pretty cool how it says
supreme right there in the corner on top
of the forest camo and then last but not
least this was a come up I was so
excited when I was able to secure this
on supreme and this was the one item I
was actually looking
forward - from this drop I feel like
they give you better better stickers
based on better items actually nevermind
because they just gave me more boxes all
those stickers we got this supreme
champion jacket right here and oh damn
it's like furry right here on the
champion logo so that's though this is
for sure going with me you know I'm
saying the unboxings are over now let's
go to packing my bag so cut cut to that
scene so I'm about to pack for sneaker
con I'm like super short on time Mina's
about to show up any minute all probably
like in 20 minutes or so we got to go to
Nordstrom because she needs to make a
return then we got to go to Beverly
Center and then we're gonna try to go
eat before we catch our flight which is
at 11:30 so we should head towards the
airport at 9:45 it's currently 6 o'clock
so we got a good amount of time but I
still need to pack so let's do this of
course we gotta take the Memphis
exclusive t-shirt
oh yeah and just let you guys know I'm
having a crazy sale on Black Friday this
coming Friday on dream KU comm anything
that we have sitting around the the
warehouse in Sacramento so basically
we're gonna be like some hats are gonna
be $5 some hats will be $10 some shirts
will be $10 some shirts will be $15 some
hoodies will be $20 some hoodies will be
$25 if you really want something this is
your chance to get it for a crazy steal
because like I said you know stuff is
gonna be from five dollars all the way
to like twenty five dollars so like 30
bucks for some like jackets and stuff
like that so this Friday dream cool calm
crazy sale now let's get back to packing
I got you a gift
for
I don't know I used all my store credit
on you it's half size small but
hopefully it fits complex come on wait
because there are six and a half but Air
Force ones fit big they look big right
look just about right you know what the
white tab it survived
are you expecting that let's just say
hello Birju are you expecting that no
like not at all we had it in the
keymaster I was like what size is that
and they're like six and a half and I
was like alright I'm gonna use my store
credit so so excited I'm gonna for sure
read these tomorrow you really got you
these right here alright guys so we are
running a little bit of what am I saying
we're running a little bit late so I'm
gonna see you guys at the airport and
yeah that's it that's all the update I
have for you right now and we'll see you
guys alright guys so we just got to the
airport and our flight is delayed like
20 minutes nothing too crazy but I'm
gonna put the camera away for now
because I'm gonna start editing when I
get on the plane and then we're gonna go
to Atlanta for like an hour stop and
then we go to Memphis which is like a 20
minute plane ride from Memphis to from
Atlanta to Memphis so I don't know why
we have a stop there but yeah I'm gonna
check in with you guys when we get there
and then we're gonna start to sneak up
on vlog or I'm just gonna end it right
here I haven't decided yet but probably
end it here so that's it for the episode
and we'll see you guys in Memphis for
the first time ever sneak a con tomorrow
it's gonna be lit all right pace
