we preach we preach we preach preach we
teach we teach what's good guys welcome
to today's vlog hope everyone's having a
great old day
I'm here with fire kegs how are you
doing good
Metro Bowl anyway guys we're stuck in LA
traffic because we're going to downtown
I always show you guys so we're going to
downtown we're going to riff because as
I told you guys yesterday I'm gonna be
trading those five sneakers for one
sneaker possibly I got to go see what
the options are but I got something on
my mind and I'm still not sure if I
should show it to them in the vlog today
or should I wait till sneaker o'clock
you know why we can sneak in comes a big
announcement
we're also filming for Appaloosa
and we're filming for my notice for
fitting for my main channel we're
filming for my main channel I have
things to do - yeah and crew cakes today
- but the main channels our main
priority were filming a skit and
so you have wonder if first tomorrow is
sneaker con in Florida imma keep
reminding you guys that tomorrow I will
be at sneaker continent Florida at the
crab protect booth so it's going to be
live and poppin unfortunately it's only
crew kicks not fire kicks going like I'm
next nigga convention I'm there and
that's a that's a hint sneaker
convention is another one coming soon
not this week already building Vegas
Alma B yeah fire kicks will be in the
building for Vegas next weekend so dunk
exchange in Las Vegas on the 27th and
sneaker con tomorrow the 20th in Florida
so we just joining all the conventions
she Convention Dan i'ma tell apparent
that I'm gonna crash yeah man this
vlogging snapchatting texting there's a
big truck in front of you never know
she's she's using his hand what the hell
is that
who made this I don't know if him too
many hoverboards lover Ford's going on
making our own soon
I like this guy this guy's I with
this guy has kicks
hey that's case yeah fi kicks had to
show you look at this guy's
I can sneak your head
I'm not a reseller but there behind the
camera is a remail guys let me tell me
something I realized I already knew that
I am a reseller maybe later down the
line I could be a sneaker connoisseur
but right now I'ma be a reseller because
like been billions said Benjamin cakes
not been billing sorry every reseller
has a price and I got a price for these
to hit me up G okay
we win with the kicks
looking at some options right now lazy
one the only easy missing from my
collection or the just on blue I think
came with it or somebody added this on
I'd like you to make that big statement
at stake
Wow alright guys so I've made my final
decision on the speakers I want and
should we show them now or wait wait
wait your stick your head you'll you
would like it but if you're just like hi
peace I didn't know about stickers you
know so here you're marking wouldn't
know things I hear this happens you were
what are these these are the 23 then
god I'm learning let us know this is
your closet there's gonna be my closet
so just wait show us some of the stuff
you got in here so right now I got the
you go check with your feet e12
over here that's something we got the
lumberjack just on Three's you have the
cool gray tent man this is just the
beginning this way all right guys so
we're about to start filming this skit
that we're about to do as you guys can
see this is a fit that I bought the
other day
take it takes up dying huh mine cakes
haha bye okay Oh Bhangra suits a bakery
channel coming soon how to cooking cakes
with fire kids thank you
he's always checking on something fam
it's green he was checking us
I can't are in trunk prank I'm gonna
leave the hair of the wig sticking out
of my car
alright guys so now oh wow
lighting oh that is the greatest
lighting in youtube history guys so I
didn't enter any raffles or anything
like I slept on this easy relief because
obviously I have pirate blacks and just
because like I don't know I'm just I'm
traveling tomorrow so I'm like not even
I'm gonna just try to get them online
from my phone but
good luck to everyone that is trying to
get the easies hopefully the real the
real fans get it and yeah what's up
Empire kick
alright guys yeah that's cool alright
guys so I actually forgot to tell you
that I returned one of my sneakers that
I bought this year which was the great
Balenciaga if you guys remember I told
you guys that I have like a sneaker
budget and with that purchase I'm Way
over my sneaker budget for this year so
I had to cut some shoes and it was
either get rid of like three or four
shoes or just get rid of those so I got
rid of those that's $700 back into my
sneaker budget so I'm like even right
now so things are good hey I heard you
heard about how that would be just too
much I heard you heard about that
actually I have learned on the like
shoulders being on be living in a trap
house guys all these guys look who came
something that's gonna be like can you
stop talking about business for one
second and say hello what up y'all
oh you'll do just cuz he has two phones
all of a sudden things is a business man
anyway guys we're target shopping right
now just don't back at Target I'm buying
a pen and a notebook and some pens
because I'm going back to school guys
you heard it here first I just got
accepted into Los Angeles elementary
fourth grades going back finishing my
dream I dropped out in fourth grade to
fill my career in ballerina movie goes
back to school
no idea but I'm hella thirsty and these
drinks of the appetizing he was wrong on
that notebook I tried to buy was $18
schools expensive so I dropped out again
I can't do that fam month back to the
entertainer back to the entertainment
back to YouTube back to my ballerina
life alright guys so we're filming for
crew kicks right now I met as my model
for the day what do you guys think
all of a sudden models guys be nice to
be possible you guys will find out about
this brand we're doing a clothing video
it will be on crew cakes today a really
dope brand so check it out damn cover
achmad and lambswool alright guys so we
finally finished finally done for the
day long day three ideas David the three
videos like two and a half I didn't get
to finish the main Channel video I don't
even know formal posted Sunday if I post
it it's going to be like half-assed and
he was going to custome out so I'm gonna
spend the rest of the day rest of the
night packing I don't know if I'm gonna
get any sleep tonight a long day man but
it's gonna be a great weekend there's
gonna be some dope vlogs so tune in man
and everybody in Florida I will see you
guys Saturday sneak on everybody else
thank you guys for watching
fire cakes is later one down
all of a sudden later book my sink oh
 you couldn't afford a toilet
Reverend I was growing up and I Mexico
gotta make holes in the floor and then
you cover it up
