was a good dream crew family hope
everyone's having a great day I'm having
a great day well I'm having an entire
dad day I don't know why I'm so tired
today actually I do know why because I
went to sleep at 6:00 a.m. what was like
10 a.m. it's all good though like of
editing on YouTube so if you guys follow
me on Twitter you already know this huge
announcement but I am officially able to
announce that this weekend
on Saturday I will be in Florida I will
be at sneaker Con Florida I talked about
this like like literally a month ago one
of my goals was to start getting invited
to these sneaker events one of my
biggest goals is to like start getting
personally invited to these sneaker
events for instance like sneaker con and
put show them how strong the crew is and
finally shout out to cut protect they
are having me at their booth although
obviously you guys know CREP is the
official sponsor of sneakerheads be like
so finally I will be attending sneaker
Con in Fort Lauderdale in Florida I will
also put the address down below but yeah
Florida Fort Lauderdale from tip 12 to 7
p.m. I'm sure a lot of the sneaker heads
that are already gonna be there know
that it does cost to get in but if you
don't know it does cost to get in so I'm
not sure how much tickets are gonna be
at the door come and come have a good
time we're gonna hang out I'm gonna be
there all day just chillin with you guys
vibe in we want to make the crepe booth
the most poppin booth at the whole event
and if anybody can do that it's my crew
because you know we are strong I don't
know if there's a lot of you guys in
Florida so if you are from Florida and
you plan to come comment down below or
tweet me or some time for me to go eat
some Chipotle got myself a free burrito
alright breathable guac
420 all of a sudden 420 yo that was
honestly one of the best Chipotle
experiences I've had in my life
three Bowl good ass food walk was on
point anyway
I even fan so are you my kids I don't
know man ever since he got uses you know
he's too cool for me now all of a sudden
I got beat because the fire kicks in
yeah so we didn't win the game
unfortunately but I ran into you so I
was tempted to put another pony in there
but I'm not gonna do it so that is my
official retirement from that game I'm
not touching it again Alex you won you
are the better man when it comes to the
key master key master in the bay should
be your new youtube channel name I'm
gonna copyright it so you can't take it
actually so anyway guys got my ass up
going to the gym good comments and your
your get your fat ass to the gym
comments I've definitely helped so thank
you guys let's try to keep the words fat
ass out of it because a lot of people
who don't know that I tell you guys to
say that to me think that you're just
being rude to me so they start
commenting back to you guys like hey why
are you being rude that's not nice and
it becomes argument so just keep it a
little more motivational we're like hey
guys go to the gym today you know keep
your word things like that anyway I'm
about to go so let's get a good workout
so I went with my Kobe's today the
kairi's are cool but I just
these Kobe's and as you guys can tell
one of them is missing the cage-like is
so dramatic so I take out on a static
I've been doing this for years I'm a
wizard with the magic no I'm dying look
how this dude is riding this motorcycle
he can't even turn look I don't even
have a helmet this is bound to be bad
I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna make it make it make it make it
make it so amazing how thick like it's
cages or the noise you make him is
nothing but animation what's going on
guys so I want to apologize first off
for no vlogs for two days basically the
reason why I didn't upload a vlog the
past two days is I had some problems
with crew TV but it's all good you know
channel still around town so that's all
that matters and we will be vlogging
daily for the next few days cuz in a few
days obviously we going to Florida for
sneaker con yeah basically I was really
stressed out when I woke up this morning
had some emails from YouTube about some
stuff but uh yeah we're good to go
I needed to release some stress that we
Came shopping right
we really came here for don't lie oh
yeah
easy raffle yeah yeah we're gonna enter
the easy raffle but we're not even gonna
be here to pick them up so I don't even
know why we're gonna enter well I'm not
gonna be here alright guys so this is
the easy raffle line look at this holy
shit there's at least 200 people in line
probably like 30 or less all of a sudden
everyone wants Easy's I just walk into
the mall I saw this guy so so I'm the
kid game what you got 11 see he got yes
sir
we got the easies on we twin in right
here then Costa Mesa got love for the
crew man that's what's up
we saw some other people on foot lock I
mean I adidas that watch cool cakes too
so appreciate all you guys to the plug
would you say I'm having an event in LA
soon so you got to come out all right
sounds good all right all right man see
you shout out to this guy getting love
alright guys trying on my first pair of
Kobe Kobe's Curry's before every game he
writes that on his shoe so instead they
just put it on so but I think he still
writes it well yeah that's exactly his
handwriting I like it because it like
it's all black and then the insides just
all colorful so
guys all right you're probably wondering
why I've had like my hood on the path
like day in the vlog and also on crew
kicks man I got this giant ass pimple
right here I don't usually get pimples
so it's kind of I get really embarrassed
so Sunday we're releasing a new skit and
I needed a net nice fit so I bought this
outfit right here and yeah so this is
gonna be the outfit for the new video
well don't be multiple outfits but
that's one of the main ones and you guys
will see it we're gonna start filming on
Thursday okay so as you guys know Connie
had that show in Madison Square Garden
last week and they had new life of Pablo
merchandise and I was pissed off because
I wanted to get the merch so bad and I
was tweeting about it and tweeting about
it trying to get someone to help me out
that was at the show and a lot of people
hit me up but everybody was on some like
y'all I'll hook you up but you gotta pay
like 130 bucks for a t-shirt and I was
just not about that life
so I finally found someone who was good
hearted and hooked me up for retail so I
want to give a big shout out to Patti
McCoy thank you so much I've met her a
couple of times I think we met two or
three times she's a die-hard crew member
so I appreciate you Patti thank you for
this this is a big shout out to you
thank you for hooking me up and I'm
about to open this and I'm so excited
yes we on a ultra-beam dream this is a
God dream this is a God dream if anybody
has the hat or the hoodie or the long
sleeve of this and wants to be
good-hearted and be a homey hook it up
retail hit me up tweet me and
that's it
getting right off the bat tell the
differences between this pair and the
pair that I reviewed because the pair I
reviewed was a promo sample and
