alright guys so the bag is literally
about to drop in 16 seconds I want this
shut the hell up I want the back more
than the shoes okey hopefully I can get
this you oh it's not gonna be sized so
that's a good thing ah I'm not logged
into my Nikki count I'm pissed at the
corner what how the hell
are you kidding me
great I don't want the freakin hat man
I want the freaking bag go go go go go
ah I got it yes
good morning people hope everyone's
having a great weekend happy Valentine's
Day to all the lovebirds
even though Valentine's Day is such a
commercial holiday you should show the
person you love how much you love them
every single day by them flowers on
random days not just on Valentine's Day
guys but you know still hope everybody
has a great day and I'm currently about
to go to the Grove to pick up my winning
pair of Oviedo Jorden tens in the black
colorway I'm so happy I won the raffle I
don't know how I won is the first time I
won a raffle at Nike out here in LA so
super excited gonna pick it up hopefully
get some OBO jordan clothing too I got
the bag online as you guys saw earlier
but I might have to buy another one
might have to buy another one just
because I'm a high beast and just in
case one of my homies one sit or
something like that so you know he's
always got to look out for the crew but
I'm walking right now and hopefully it's
not hectic shout out to ideas for
today's kick game holy so there's a
line but I think the line is for the
white cement fours I'm going to take my
happy ass to the front
shoutout to sion they just opened the
doors at Nike and hopefully they say I
don't have to wait in the line because I
won the RSVP you feel me we don't wait
in the line if you wonder yeah Oh
if I want to get my shoes I have to wait
in that long ass line and I'm not about
that life right now so I don't think I'm
gonna wait because by the time I get I
already have two shoes on hold until
until freakin 10:00 p.m. tonight so I
rather just go not wait in line because
I don't want them I mean I want the
apparel but I'm not tripping over it too
much cuz I already got the back and
that's like the only main thing I wanted
so so yeah I think I'm gonna leave
so to kill some time before I go get a
haircut I went to Target and picked up
like some hair product and things like
that so stays going by slow but I think
it's just because I'm waiting to go get
my ovios and a brilliant impatient and
it sucks but I'm gonna get them so I
can't complain
alright guys walking to the Grove one
more time for today as you guys can see
got the haircut finally man don't let me
this is what you guys need to do you
guys need to tell me to get my ass to
the gym five days a week and you need to
remind me to get a haircut or force it
ok wry laugh forced me to get a haircut
every like two to two to three weeks you
know what I'm saying
so I think he did a really good job but
you need to go clean up the beard now
let's go pick up these damn ovios
hopefully there's no line
you know that
so I got the shoes finally I'm so
excited to take a home and look at them
and they gave me some pins too which is
so dope so shout out to the ninety Grove
employees the best Nike employees in all
of LA alright guys so and I forgot to
tell you guys that I did by the Jordan
ovo hat and the reason why I usually
don't like Nike and Jordan hats like the
last Jordan ovo hat was crazy freaking
uncomfortable and deformed I like this
one because it is like a baseball hat
it's dad style and it's velcro on the
back which is pretty cool so velcro vo
Jordan dad hat see the gold tag on there
sexy this one was 35 bucks I think it
was a little over price but I mean what
are you gonna do ovo Jordan on the
inside I wish I had the back man but I
have to wait til comes in the mail
yesterday when I bought the 12 they gave
me this pen so I got this Jordan pen and
today since I got the ovios they gave me
in ovo Jordan 10 pin which is so sexy
they weren't supposed to give me this
but I asked the girls like yo can I have
one of those she's like are you buying
the shoe I was like no I already have
them she's like okay you can have it so
she gave me the cement for pin so this
one's super dope I like this one a lot I
kind of like this one more than the
black ovo one but they're both pretty
dope so shout out the Nike Grove
employees now let's get into the Jordan
over your tens in the black box I love
the black box now obviously I'm not
gonna do an unboxing and review on these
on crew kicks because I already did it
even though it wasn't my pair but I will
be doing a video and crew kicks this
week showing all of my all-star sneaker
pickups because I did get three I got
one coming in the mail and obviously you
saw yesterday what I got but first thing
you got to do is smell on baby so sexy
now I can right off the bat tell the
differences between this pair and the
pair that I reviewed because the pair I
reviewed was a promo sample and
the main thing is just that the the
stingray replica stingray is less is not
as good quality as a as the sample pair
but overall the leather looks the same
and the bottom is different and yes the
new pairs do have the ovo on the bottom
you never gonna die just one issue
alright guys what up I'm at the gas
station filling up the tank you know
what I'm saying just got finished
watching Deadpool it was a must watch
man go watch - if you love comic book
characters possibly the best comic book
movie since Dark Knight this was great I
loved it go watch it - thumbs up
excuse me yeah
are you doing okay yeah thank you hey
are you sure yeah oh
