what's going on guys hope everyone's
having a great ass day it's currently
Friday I feel amazing
just left my house finished all my work
got the white pants on you know it's a
good day when you throw on the white
pants you know what I'm saying all right
guys so we just got to Santa Monica
about to go to the Nike store again the
sneakers Express even though from what I
heard on Twitter they don't have shit
again they have like the Pantone pack to
have the air back to zeros but nobody
want that shit there's a reason why the
Pantone pack is still available easily
anyway guys he's back there's been the
first time you've been in my vlogging
like two weeks all right guys get ready
because when it you know it's hot cuz
fire kicks is here five five minutes but
you got on your feet today I got the
tumble leather premium leather bands on
you know because you know sometimes
where am i easy sometimes I wear my vans
yeah all of a sudden in bed with this if
you want maybe
hi guys so about the sneakers Express
store again and they actually have
something this time shot these guys they
have 212 which aren't even out yet one
of these to come out the 27 so I'm
getting them a little early I got my
sighs luckily I'll show you guys when
they're here
and I'm probably gonna go home and do a
review right when I get these shoes I
haven't uploaded a video for cooking
today so I'm excited is yet to trial I'm
excited for the box since it has the old
school ball we got them twelve though so
Nike actually overcharged on the twelve
they charged us 250 but yeah so they
charged 250 for the twelve but we talked
to the reps at Nike and the good people
are gonna refund us so they're gonna
refund us the difference so we get box
price of 190 on the twelve these are
supposed to come out into the month but
we got them early yes I'm vlogging
basically my favorite Jordans is the
Jordan ones as you guys know and my
second favorite Jordan is the Jordan 12
and that's because the Jordan 12 was the
first Jordan I ever got when I was a kid
I've told you guys that before but I'm
about to go home and do a crew kicks
video for this so and they also gave me
this dope a spin so shouts out to the
Jordan gods all right fan would you cop
I caught nothing food retail game I
should've won one shoe the Northern
Lights were you know resale game yet
await a couple months ago homie you know
I know the information if I didn't get
it then so it was actually dope today
yesterday was a disappointment tomorrow
I feel like is the best day to come but
unfortunately I wasn't able to get an
appointment tomorrow right Saturday I
didn't know at all yeah I didn't realize
until together but hopefully something
pops up because if you keep checking the
app hopefully you can get a spot anyway
oh where we going I'm gonna get right
there yeah so we're gonna go grub right
now and then we're gonna go back home to
watch the celebrity game and then we're
also gonna go watch the the rookie
showcase or whatever it's called and
then fire kicks needs a dress shirt
because he's got a hot date for
Valentine's Day yeah let's just say I
got a couple hot date
excuse me excuse me
yeah are you doing okay thank you are
you sure oh you found one now did the
white looks way better yeah makes me not
even want to try the green one on
yeah no job you look better without job
I don't know about the hole I feel like
it's too much too much right yeah too
much with the holes fan so try to give
different Jesus yeah
and those look a little too tight
alright so no go at PacSun we walked out
empty-handed no no Valentines they fit
for a large cake
hashtag Valentine's Day fits yo peep did
the Grassi Drake shirt at Urban
Outfitters this is dope but I'm not
gonna cop this shit
my favorite shirt in the whole wide
world is available at Urban Outfitters
guys make sure you guys snap me at the
back shit when you can't find your size
at the store you undress the mannequin
take the other sleeve off there you go
pick up my things
white long-sleeve and the blue jeans
from PacSun damn shoutout sapphire kicks
shut up these kicks are gonna be on fire
- you know sometimes where am i easy
sometimes I wear my pants
damn so you just choose everyday between
the two okay cool
all right we out of here guys
we teach we teach how can I say no how
can I not
alright guys so it's finally here we
just got home this is the most important
unboxing of my career I've been waiting
for this for a long time
it just came when I showed up so we're
gonna go ahead and open this up for you
guys
shoutout to FK on the camera
fire kicks this unboxing wouldn't be
possible without each one of you guys so
I want to thank you guys because you
guys are the reason why I got this so
that might have gave it away to what it
is but gotta show support to the people
that support me so thank you guys I love
you guys
and Loki let's just say a Danish sneaker
what is your sense oh oh this is my
second one I'm really proud of this one
because this one is more personal you
know what I'm saying cuz they're real
people really effort with my life and my
crew and everybody all my content and
all that stuff
thank you guys we got ourselves a little
letter from YouTube fooling people over
at YouTube so I'll take that up nice new
order learn my price went up excited my
price went up Oh Maj King took that up
you see that congratulations for
surpassing a hundred thousand
subscribers on crew T V
so this is actually my second 100,000
award I'm so excited to have this one
now we got we actually have another one
coming too
so we have another three but right now
we got to go grab the other one real
quick so okay it took seven years to get
this one it took about three to four
years to get this one but we got it
crew kicked took three months we waiting
on that one YouTube call me my price
might not come so here are the Jordan
twelves that I got today from the
sneaker store and they're freaking dope
man I already tried them on super nice I
want to do a quick ass video so I'm
already filming for Kuk gigs right now
okay and I'm posting it today so the
video will be up on crew kicks so that's
why I'm showing it to you guys now but
these don't come out until like two
weeks fire kicks what do you think
cleaning classic must call for sneaker
there's no call for resellers yeah you
saw game two week all right so we've got
the film right now man just get some
nice shots BAM white background know
what you guys Wednesdays look all right
guys so I just uploaded that fire at the
video we filmed probably the best video
on crew cakes to date man months bro not
hours months yeah we broke up as friends
like four times because of the creative
differences we had with that video but
anyway we came up with another idea for
crew kicks so we're gonna start working
on that soon but that's gonna be a
process of a few weeks if a few months
you know that's not thank you you have
to get a whole production team on this
it might take I take I take a while guys
I'm giving away the inserts on my cement
three now I'm just kidding five kicks
you got any sneaker giveaways coming up
if you got some sneakers to give to me
now my feet giveaway you feel me this is
your birthday coming up March 3rd guys I
don't have a peel box or anything like
that but the ends are appreciated it's
going down in the DA hey
hey guys this way we got some did we
come I don't think that's real
we came to throw away the trash and
there's a Louis Vuitton luggage in the
trash but I say it's fake I find kick
says it's real alright guys I got some
good news and I got some bad news what
should I give him first
the bad the bad the bad news is waves
was not ways my bad life of Pablo
Kanye's album was supposed to drop
yesterday and then he tweeted that it's
supposed to come out today and then
right now he just tweeted that the
album's not dropping because chance
whose chance the rapper wants to add the
song waves to the album so
that's the bad news that's the bad news
really think about the bad news the bad
news is that's the bad news and I think
that we're just gonna wait til tomorrow
it is and drop tomorrow probably I mean
what are you gonna do I don't know
honestly yeah years right after SNL it's
gonna drop if it drops tomorrow like
what about the hard coffee and all that
shit or whatever man as long as you get
that album I know everyone's tweeting me
oh here's the bootleg version ripped
from the live stream I don't want that I
want the mastered final product you know
what I'm saying so anyway now that was
the bad news now the good news is your
boy I don't know what it is I don't know
why I get so much
this is strictly luck I have no plug
there was no cheating I won the raffle
for the ovo tens in the black Holloway
I'm so excited I'm so happy I got a baby
I know a lot of people gonna hate on me
and cussed me out saying I don't deserve
them and I agree with you guys I don't
deserve him I got all these weekend
other raffles and got all her shit but I
was not even expecting this but I gotta
I'm so excited
good things happen to good people all
day
every once in a while I don't wear hats
I usually wear a hat to it every once in
a while I won't wear a hat and the back
of my hair always sticks up and I have
friends who don't tell me that it's
sticking up and they let you record
whole fucking videos with it sticking up
so when you go back and edit you see
that shit and you look like a retard so
you gotta edit it out so shout out some
fire kicks I don't know I didn't I
didn't notice it here
hey as you were lost in my eyes that's
why huh
anyway let's eat some food guys and yeah
and our night with some full stomachs I
didn't go to the gym today hello people
tweeted me saying go to the gym fat ass
and I'm sorry guys that just didn't
happen today okay
man when you see the dream driving right
next to you this is the first time I've
seen it on the road and man I just fell
in love all over again oh my god I think
the pass this thing up whoever's and
that thing is Wow I'm gonna get that
thing I swear to god I'm gonna have one
of those I swear to God
I swear to God I will have that car I
will when I see things like that it just
pushes me and motivates me even more I
just got like goose bumps going down my
freakin whole body man that's why I came
to LA that's why business has been
booming since I came to LA and
for the new people I moved to LA in
September of last year October of last
year when I moved to LA all three of my
channels where Evers let me read to them
say ever since I moved to LA my channels
have all tripled in subscribers and in
views which is freaking amazing and it
just goes to show you man when when
people see this is the thing that I've
gotten from this when people see you
living your dream or going out there and
trying to make something of yourself it
makes them want to support you more so I
appreciate you guys for always having my
back I know a lot of people talked about
all my business I've is done there's a
lot of negativity in my comments like
even my other YouTube friends say like
yo your comments are ten times worse
than ours like why is it like that and I
just tell them it's like yo they talk
shit about me they talk shit about
people in my vlogs yet they come back
every day and they support me so I
appreciate you guys regardless of what
you say and that's me keeping it real
with you guys I do I don't some everyone
so while I do reply to a hater or two
but I know that the same people who do
hate it's because deep down inside it
motivates me and it makes me want to you
know change the little things that they
complain about to be better as a person
and give you guys better content so I
want to thank you guys for that and
like I was saying back to the main point
is when people see you doing something
they'll support you more rather than
seeing you sit at home and will sit on
your ass because one it can also help
them and motivate them which is my
biggest thing like since day one since I
started doing YouTube I said I want to
inspire the people to do what they love
because I'm doing what I love and for
six out of the first eight years this
shit was not popping for me I was just
doing it because I really loved it and I
was hoping that one day I would be able
to make a career out of it and now I am
able to make a living out of it and I'm
able to you know make money off this
keep it real with you guys you know I
make money off of youtube like I'm not
gonna say you're playing uh and I'm not
gonna talk money um obviously I'm not
gonna tell you the amount I make but I
do make a living off of it you know what
I'm saying this is my nine-to-five you
know what I'm saying but for me it's 24
hours I'm always on my shit always
staying up with my shit you know what
I'm saying so just thank you guys man
because you guys motivate me and I hope
that I motivate you and
I want to make my dreams come true and I
I never want to see anybody else fail I
don't care if you're my biggest enemy I
don't care if you're my if someone I
hate I don't care if someone you turn my
back on if you're someone that turned
your back on me someone who's on my
friend anymore this is not aimed towards
one person I know you guys are gonna say
some stupid shit like oh he's talking
about this person he's talking about
that person no this is just a general
saying I never want to see anybody fail
why would I want to see people fail you
know what I'm saying there's so much
money in this world I want everybody to
have as much money as they can make you
know what I'm saying so blessings to
everybody everybody make your dreams
come true everybody make your dreams to
reality hustle hard man don't sit on
your ass if you sit on your ass and you
sit and then you're gonna regret it five
years from now ten years from now like
why did I do that why did I stay home
and do nothing when someone else was out
there doing what I want to do you know
what I'm saying don't sit there and be
jealous of someone else who's living
your life you go live your thin life you
make them the one that is regretting not
doing what you're doing if that makes
sense so
yeah I just went into this whole
motivational speech here but I'm just
keeping it from the heart man so thank
you guys you guys are the reason why I
opened up that plaque earlier the other
reason why I'm opening up the crew kicks
plaque in a few months and you're the
reason why I'm gonna be open up opening
up that million subscriber plaque and
most importantly you guys are the reason
why one day I'm gonna be driving that
BMW i8 it's gonna be for you guys
so basically the Nike Express Experian
