what's good guys hope everyone's having
a great day
as you guys can see I busted out the
plan so today is gonna be a great day
today's gonna be a fun-filled vlog
there's gonna be so much going on it's
ridiculous
so basically Kanye's album comes out
today so you know I'm super excited
about that really looking forward to
this album ever since Jesus he's
actually doing a fashion show in Madison
Square Garden right now for yeezy season
3 and I really wanted to go to Madison
Square Garden in New York City just for
it so I can go to the show listen to the
album get some merch but unfortunately I
made the smart move of just staying out
here so I'm gonna go watch it at the
movie theater because they are showing
it worldwide in movie theater so we're
going to the Culver City theater to go
watch it all right guys it's so
beautiful outside but not as beautiful
as the guy next to me why do you
everybody thinks we're a secret lovers
oh the comments I'm hungry as hell d I
feel like Pablo my shoes I feel like
Pablo when I'm working on anything album
covers pretty dope I like that cover
more than I like the title name really
even how his albums are like every cover
is legendary yeah so I think this ad I
think this one was like I think waves
would have been the best title or so
help me God I think
like swish - a little kid like swish
swish swish
all right so we will see you guys at the
theater oh do you take us perfect yes
why you so busy
I already know that I'm gonna get flames
in the comments for wearing a supreme
shirt with the allergy looky-look you
enough put yourself and I ask you please
to cream yeah I know it but I just want
this shirt and it's fun guys album
therefore I don't know why you're not
wearing yours you I don't know man let's
just say my kicks he's in the hotels he
said don't worry this may be still hot
it's not me not to fire kicks people
listen to fire kick all of a sudden line
boys
so
popular goodbye what are your
expectations man you could say this is
the best one yes he shares the greatest
of all time a thesis and that's final
I don't know it might it might be the
last again oh wow oh yeah you're right
close your name cocaine cocaine nice to
meet you broke ice I got my eye on the
food can anything go give myself some
something to eat I haven't ate all day
should we go sit first and then come
back
I said get it right now and there are
ain't nobody got food in the light I
would be looking our guy so we're in the
theater right now watch us why I keep
introducing I know yeah anyway we got to
watch the show it's about to start
everyone in competed last night yeah
dude it's freaking faculty I regret not
going to New York now man
we see alright guys so it just wrapped
up what do you think it was cool man
it was dope it was like it's like we
were talking about it the more I think
old gospel thing I be it it said we
gotta hear you gotta hear it again but I
say I like it yeah I want to hear it in
my car or in my headphones I think the
show was though I would feel sorry for
the models who had to stand there for
seen anybody minutes but it was still
really dope I think my favorite part was
every time Kanye picked up the mic
started talking though is the most
interesting part I want to hear the
album in its entirety and just listen to
it I'm disappointed there's no Drake
appearance yeah those few sprinkles
future yeah Frank Ocean on the end was
super surprising chance the rapper which
I like trains uprisings I like to what
else was there we can't wasn't it no
future was in it no I didn't be doing it
future was it yeah I like that song a
lot but I want to hear the album
hopefully does come out in the next hour
or so
because uh want to hear it already you
know greedy out here it's been six three
years receive the damn album good to go
as far as saying how the greatest of all
time I would like to him like I think I
gotta hear it again but nothing was
taught my I wouldn't I want seems to
beautiful fairness yeah I wouldn't say
that's the greatest album ever so yeah
but yeah I was still dope brother was a
dope vibe in there who's the dope dope
experience rather than just sitting at
home and watching it through okay
I like wait we went upstairs no yeah
okay so we came through this door right
here
so yeah so it was cool experience and
now what you must got to go to class he
skipped class to come here guys and it's
true class under braking but you don't
sleep last night but this is like like
Pablo and I working on homework yeah hey
yo yo you guys never skip class right no
skip class time you go to the back feel
like Pablo don't feel like Pablo anyway
I'm gonna go to this Nike sneakers
Express pop-up shop or whatever it's
called to see what they have
I'm not expecting anything crazy because
if there was crazy shit then you would
have solid all over this Nike blog I
mean sneaker blogs and things like that
oh let's just go see how it is is get
some dope shots for you guys
alright guys so I'm currently in line
right now appointment in the body store
the back I'm coming shut it to this guy
right yeah 339 happy 20-minute no I
thought I'd go back do we meet though
within me we need a real expert yeah we
were talking on Twitter a couple months
ago and then we just met each other yes
cool dude what do you plan on coughing
if they have anything dope anything
other than like the basic Nike
Basketball shit there's gonna be at
every footlocker and every champs will
be pretty cool even if they have the
Jordan 30s I kind of wanna go there if
I'm in managerial issue we should be
able to know a good time you to talk to
God there's a gentleman that went
through the back door I thought
and I asked him he was the guy that
didn't want to tell me from people she's
like it's none of my business I think I
want to do
I just told you I thought somehow to be
them
who the guards are coming
regardless if I saw something go to the
back door
why Clayton said I made an appointment
to come here everybody here made
appointments to be here they spend their
time waiting in line to be here and if
somebody just comes and walks in the
back door I think we should know who was
giving you what stop area to get some of
the hottest kicks before they even
release so you have the opportunity to
check out some stuff just like the
all-star fact that we have here that a
lot of our teen athletes are wearing
inspired by Toronto from Kobe Katie's
LeBron DGM Davis McLaws other stuff from
Jordan in rankin sports
so basically the Nike Express experience
or whatever it is this is how it works
you were supposed to RSVP and every 30
minutes they let a new group of people
who RSVP'd go in and try to buy
something but it's all the same stuff
you could get like a footlocker or at
Nike store the only thing is that they
had Chicago ones it's already four
o'clock now so they're gone now so
everybody bought them but yeah I don't
know if it's worth it but it's not it's
nothing like Toronto because I know
Toronto has everything like stuff that
isn't even releasing until next month so
it's crazy
I don't think I honestly will ever be
able to live outside of California maybe
for like a month I could go somewhere
but nah man I've just been born and
raised out here from San Francisco to LA
and there's still parts of California
that I haven't even seen so it's just I
just love it out here man I like
and I know everyone's gonna comment that
this is the this is the same area as
grand theft auto I know it is it's
inspired by this whole area right there
obviously guys the boardwalk is right
there so so you guys probably won't
believe it but I actually came to the
gym so I'm in Hollywood right now by to
hit up LA Fitness it's public play some
basketball get some cardio and hit the
treadmill you know get a nice workout in
try to come five days a week starting
today I know I always say I'm gonna
start going to the gym but hopefully
this is the real deal we'll see I need
you guys to push me man I need you guys
to force me to come to the gym if I
don't go to the gym at least five days
out of the week you guys should just
like tweet me a bowl of my social media
and be like fat ass go to the gym what
up guys so I just got home from the gym
just showered up feeling all fresh and
clean and I gotta say I don't know what
Kanye is doing man Kanye kind of
frustrating me I know you're not
watching this obviously but you know he
got Kanye friends all around the world
frustrated so anyway hopefully the album
drops today or something don't think I
forgot guys cuz I owe you guys these so
one of you guys is gonna win these they
are a size 10 I can't believe I'm giving
these away but you guys got ten thousand
thumbs up so I gotta do it for you guys
so I'm gonna be giving these away but
I'm gonna be giving these away through
that app journey so you got to download
the app journey I'm gonna link it in the
description box down below from there
follow me and then from there wait for
me to post the journey about these shoes
and that's when the giveaway will begin
and I'll explain to you what you have to
do in order to win DS and it'll be super
super simple and you can win them
through the app so yeah that's how it's
gonna work
and yeah so sometime today on the app
journey I'm gonna give these away and
for the people that say I don't ever get
the shoes away in the giveaway I will
personally long myself going to the post
shipping these bad boys out for you guys
so good luck to everyone
download the app thank you guys for
watching let me get a big thumbs up hope
you guys have a great weekend good night
guys
they basically this is what is selling
the shoe not the quality like all the
other Jordan fours but this one those
right and red Jordan Ford's that came
out recently
