hope you guys are ready for a great day
cuz I'm ready for a great day
really enjoying this weather so as you
guys know I've been hyping up the video
for these right here because I'm like
I'm doing more than just a regular
review on these I'm I'm turning these
into well the videos up on crew kicks
today so I'm not gonna tell you guys
what I'm doing with these but go-to crew
kicks to find out what I'm doing with
these obviously these come out this
weekend I got them early shoutout to
Jerome kicks butt I'm about to go
outside and do something bizarre with
them and I'm I'm just gonna show you
guys because the real video will be out
in crew kicks today so you guys can see
it and watch it in its entirety time to
go outside and do this so as you guys
can see I have already beat these I got
creases and scuffs in them still got
that Nike Air though I need to do a real
review for you guys but I just want to
tell you man don't fall for the hype
because the quality on here this is like
the old retro this is no remaster
honestly like you can see a little
premium leather like right here on the
toe but this upper this is all that same
 as always it's not as bad as the
old release of the cement fours but I
mean this they they basically this is
what is selling the shoe not the quality
like all the other Jordan fours but this
one those white and red Jordan Ford's
that came out recently are better
quality than these so but I mean it's
still a dope-ass call away they still
did a good job I guess whatever whatever
blah blah blah so I'm just gonna tell
you what I'm about to do I'm about to
run over my Jordan cements with my car
so here we go my heart is kind of
burning right now where are they Oh
honestly they didn't come out that bad
should we do it again they didn't come
out as bad as I thought it was gonna
come out so we're gonna go forward now
and do it again there it is
they're definitely you know getting a
little dirty here but I feel like we
could do a better job I don't know what
shoes to wear so I'm just gonna go with
the cyber Mondays I guess
I almost forgot the shoes I was gonna
sell guys I don't know what it is today
but I feel so like irritated and annoyed
I just feel like like something's off
like I don't know what it is like I
really don't like like so and I get like
this I just want to clear that I just
want to format this memory card delete
it and start the whole vlog over but I'm
not gonna do that because I know I have
somewhat some decent footage on here so
I'm gonna control myself but anyway I'm
gonna just act like this is a brand new
vlog and start right now what's going on
guys hope everyone's having a fantastic
day I currently just left my house for
the first time today I'm wearing a pink
shirt yes you guys already saw the white
cement stuff so I'm gonna leave that go
watch the video today on crew cakes
other than that I'm about to go enter
the raffle for the ovo Jordans the black
ones the tens at the at the ovo store
actually they're doing a raffle today
and tomorrow and Thursday
so I'm also gonna be telling you guys
how you can get your hands on the black
ovios because a lot of people have been
asking me where they can go to enter
raffles and things like that so I'm
gonna give you guys a few Oh lighting
it's leaking right now so I'm give you
guys a few tips and information so wow
that's way too lighting is really off
right now
so I just had your poll day it was great
but something I just don't feel right I
feel so weird so I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna put a hoodie on cuz I feel like
that's what's missing like I feel
uncomfortable I feel naked for some
reason so there's a big-ass sneaker
convention in Las Vegas at the end of
this month and it was originally
supposed to be this weekend I guess it
got postponed or something but it's
going down on January 27th in Las Vegas
I'm not sure about the address but it's
called the duck exchange so if you guys
want to look it up it's called a dunk
exchange and I'm gonna put it in your
hands I'm gonna put it in my dream crew
hands cuz I know
Las Vegas got a dope ass sneaker
community and I'm pretty sure some of
you guys are from Vegas comment down
below if you are from Vegas but I'm
gonna leave it up to you guys so check
this out if this vlog gets 10,000 no you
know what make it short well if this
vlog gets 5000 thumbs up me and the rest
of the crew will go to Vegas for dunk
exchange so make it happen I love you
guys and it's up to you guys Vegas are
we gonna have a Vegas vlog at the end of
the month maybe we will we'll find out
I need you to make something happen now
I need you to make sure we get in
without worrying about paying we're not
paying but we're gonna go with it's done
you already have it done okay but we're
going like five deep okay as long as you
say bro and then we're gonna sell socks
we're gonna film and then we're just
gonna chill all right it's liquor so I
was originally gonna go to the ovo store
to enter the raffle but I'm not gonna go
today just because I know that La Brea
is dumb packed right now so finding
parking at this time of the day which is
5:30 p.m. is gonna be impossible so I'm
just gonna go tomorrow and they open to
enter the raffle so basically only two
locations have a no video store which is
Toronto in Los Angeles so if you're in
Toronto or Los Angeles you have from
today all the way to Thursday from 12
p.m. to 7 p.m. to go into the raffle too
to get a chance to purchase the black
ovo tens that's one of the ways and then
I'll tell you the other few ways in a
little bit all right guys so here on
Melrose round two but uh see how much I
can get for these shoes right here see
what they have on want some vintage WWE
shirts but I don't know if they're gonna
have any so
let's see what we can find I mean WWF
all right guys just uh frowned - I did
not shoot inside of there because I was
just chopping it up with a few of the
workers and I didn't sell to push your
tees they passed on the Pusha T's
they're dead stock so I might just sell
it to one of you guys so if you don't
want to push your tees for retail holla
at your boy and then I picked up some
shirts so I picked up one old-school
vintage WCW shirt with Goldberg on it
I'll show you guys right now and then I
also picked up a supreme shirt this is
uh my first supreme shirt so I got this
one right here
vintage WCW Goldberg with the Tasmanian
Devil and then I got this supreme
I know you get tea now
yeah all right so I was driving on the
Brea I found parking
I still got less than an hour attend to
the the raffle for the ovios so I'm a
stop at the vo pop-up shop that's pop-up
shop the flagship store and I'm gonna
enter the raffle
hi guys so I just entered the raffle got
the ovo ticket right here hopefully this
is the winning ticket and they wouldn't
let me film inside as I expected so I
use my phone to get some footage alright
guys so we are about to start filming
while us is in the house acting like
this is a freaking photobooth and
what do you think this is fair because
why do you guys Wednesday's we got the
shots that are right here check this
shot out guys this is the legitness
our guys so we are a beautiful LACMA
once again shooting for watch us
Wednesdays Oh dab on down what's up fam
funk no demons guys okay happens
watch us over here changing getting
naked in public oh my god fam what is
this come on anyway guys I want to talk
to you guys about the second way to get
over your Jordans on February 13th on
Nike calm and on the sneakers app
starting 12:00 p.m. Eastern they're
doing a online drawing so if you enter
the online drawing you'll have a chance
to purchase the shoe on the 13th or the
14th on the 13th so the same day so in
the morning time if you win that raffle
you could purchase the shoes third way
is that you have to check your local
Nike store Twitter account so for
instance mine is Nike Los Angeles and
they're having a drawing online on the
11th at 4:00 p.m.
Kali time they're gonna do a drawing so
you enter the drawing online if you are
selected from the drawing you could go
in store and purchase the shoe check
your area like for instance if you're in
Los Angeles you'll do the Nike Los
Angeles account Nike LA Twitter if
you're in New York I think it's Nike NYC
Nike Chicago Nike SF there so check that
that's the only information I have for
you guys right now if I do find anything
else out I will let you know so those
are just a few ways to get the o vo
Jordan tens good luck to everybody
hopefully it's a safe weekend family
planning on copy always plan on coffee G
yeah resale runs in the family we so
wanted I'm having fun for some people
like me we wear our sneakers damn you
drill it we're looking bottom black ones
you don't like the buckle it's all
around the right the white ones but I
don't look like I'm like all black shoes
I told you that early
I like all black shoes yeah just could
it depends on the shoes like it was a
750 dunk exchange lakhs over Las Vegas
February twenty-seventh 5000 thumbs up
men squash that let's just say let's
just happens in Vegas my not showing the
vlog but we'll give you a good amount of
stuff in Vegas I'm 21
ah okay so we're at LACMA right now and
yg was talking to some girl and he
pulled her and she's like she got her
number and she brought her back to my
place so they're in the living room
together
did you format it before toast huh
hey beautiful daddy how you doing I'm
doing better now I heard about that did
you
alright guys so we just got back from
LACMA why he's taking all the footage
off the memory card so he can get to
work tonight you going to work going to
work then we're going to school we
chilling we good let's get it working
we're gonna watch us Wednesday's on his
channel today what did you say if I
format it all the footage is there I'm
saying like easy I'll need to know the
others good it's all yours family anyway
we're gonna end the vlog here guys I
want to thank you guys for watching even
though the vlog was kind of wack but I
tried to you know
entertain you guys any last words
gentlemen and female females gee ladies
first ladies first would you guys say
Bruce paved the way for us to be first
Hugh shot out two kites as always much
love you mister butter knife and make a
stain Houston Fire case day news injury
does know all my exes are from Texas all
my exes I ain't got no last words but I
do gotta say I love you guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow and hope you have a
great day go to crew kicks go watch a
new video this Friday on cool cakes is
actually gonna be the second half
edition of what are those Adam and slim
go ahead to Hank so yeah see you guys
tomorrow
who's that when do you think
