we treat we preach we preach preach we
teach we teach how can I say all of a
sudden walking through the hallway good
morning guys so today is actually super
bowl sunday but we're not wasting the
day today we're banging out we got some
videos to film we're going to be filming
for crew kicks first we're going to be
filming the white cement video today and
we're doing something crazy with it so
beautiful day today to also beautifully
it's always a beautiful day was ready
together when I see you what anyway and
then we're falling for was us wednesdays
later today we're supposed to go to this
uh we're supposed to go to pomona to
watch the superbowl but i don't know if
we're gonna do it because it's business
over pleasure at the cal poly pomona oh
sorry kappa haha anyway we've got to get
in the car first things first head to
target cuz we got to go get some stuff
for this video so let's do this back
again once again at target but today
it's not for fun we gotta get some stuff
like i said guy woke up late stop him
one girl i was up to 6am petted him all
of a sudden he's dating a sneakerhead
video if you haven't seen it go watch
john mccain channel what do you think of
it all of a sudden dating sneaking i was
great honestly I loved it d on seven I
just love you bro yeah bro we go here
Yahiro that's what it's like dating a
secret oh I know I I hate that struggles
that we go through brothers slightly
meeting you yeah well it pisses me off
like what Oh time you propose I guess
I'm recollection thank you
helmut helmut now hold on hold up this
is what I need this comes with all types
of that work yeah this is perfect
the cheapest ball this is 29 outdoor
nine logs will okay that's good right
this is official NBA well that they're
going to use an all-star game I can't
have you show me unless you have a
permit I have a did you try to tell me I
can't film at target what I've been
doing this for years now I've been doing
this for years they not seeing target
boxes go get basketball now see I don't
last for that then let's just say New
York voice New York boys all right guys
let's get out of here before they
freaking arrest me I'm to start filming
guys you guys are going to see how we
did this video 2016 white cement floors
with the nike air on the back
these are clean but I want them to look
a little more vintage and classic so
let's have some fun alright guys so we
just got done filming the first scene
for the cement video at the park playing
basketball we got some crazy drone shots
so I attached let me show you guys what
we did here because obviously my camera
broke into the camera itself fell off so
we attached the GoPro to the drone and
it worked flawlessly while us killed it
with the drone control where you are
don't even chew I got to catch you I
mean you got me up you can put your
stuff back here well we're gonna have to
move it will put it inside the house
window pick up the mystery girl so
anyway we're still filming we have 40
minutes the film shower and then head
out to the super bowl party so we need
to get done I just posted dating of
sneakerheads a dating is the okay I need
to go buy everybody the running scene
right now yeah man I'm sweating are you
sweating yeah love you bro but damn
deadstock boys work out season two days
in a row ha cause it's a workout I'm
dying you did I know hahahaha just no
family oh oh shoot
I could and with the cement I'll be dope
dude yeah mighty Wes y'all I like the
way I like the desert one's happiness
better with a blue all right yeah did
you know yeah you right alright guys so
I was trying to as watch you which you I
should wear with my fit so it's one of
these freaking hyped up shoes you know
we trying to make an impression but I
think i'ma go with the easiest because i
am wearing a user's shirt I haven't word
this one in a while but yeah this one is
super small like I'm not used to ring
small shirts you guys know we're like a
size bigger than I should but this is my
Vegas easy shirt and then we got the hat
and then the black jeans so awks returns
it is undie as king alright guys we have
left the buildings i had a city slow
roll trap LA traffic always has the city
slope promoter we on the way though so
we will see you soon so much you can
actually date who you got winning the
superbowl guys I mean guy I mean Haji
those things everyone same bro Panthers
revenue what I've been seeing through my
lines can't the boys I'm gonna go away
but ok I want to see I want really want
to pay him any win an amazing oh yeah
yes because I think he's gonna happen
easy to retire after this I mean he's
looking at it ok I'll be I'll be I'm
pretty happy you know I'm a big fan of
Kobe so I think the anaheim angels will
make it to the Super Bowl next year so I
think it's better for tiger woods and
like Russell 14 I started writing a
stupid located except get a good draft
pick and the next year they'll come back
but for this year I'm gonna have to go
with the freaking um I think the Tampa
Bay the san jose sharks
shorts yeah sharks said was a shirt
sanitation oh hahaha got him so we just
got to pomona about a hit up the Fox
Theater and start watching the game man
you know me I'm about to watch this game
all of a sudden she's here watch us
let's go watch this game y'all alright
guys so we're inside watching the game
as you guys can see on this big screen
back park in the building watch us with
the score is 10 0 right now broncos are
winning NFL fan exact bandulus I feel
like the Carolina Panthers its cable
they need to pack their bags and go
hunting rumbles we just boys pay many
strong
you already here guys can check it don't
watch the Super Bowl and then today
watch this blog for the risotto there we
go back problems are up by two
touchdowns now Caroline only has 10
points 3 minutes left what's going to
happen ah see all on twitter is a
Michael Jordan face on cam tonight
that's all I know but I see that is
happening with me
I just want a TV right now I'm trying to
win some he wanted to be where they've
got a free raffle I would know he was
here
the guy that won the female longer the
easy
