you guys want these two let's get 10,000
thumbs up on this vlog and I'll give
these away to my car looks like it's
posing on the street and shit like the
curb that turn tires up I don't know if
y'all saw this but I yeah I accidentally
hit a curve i think i told you about
that so in yesterday's vlog a few people
commented saying case you always do
these giveaways but you never give away
the shoe what's the point like i do the
giveaways guys and I don't always
announce the winners publicly because I
always ask the person who went if they
want to be publicly announced or not and
more times than none they say no because
they don't want people tweeting them or
people harassing them or whatever you'll
be surprised some people get salty when
they don't win and they'll start
tweeting the person that that does win
and they just make them feel hella bad
and whatnot so sorry to the people who
think that I don't give away the shoes
but I do and I'll prove that to you by
uh if the next winners don't want to be
announced publicly I will still show you
guys when I go to the post office and
ship the shoes out so anyway we got a
great day planned ahead so let's go have
a good time trim down the beard as you
guys can see to be a good blog it's
crazy because it doesn't snow in
california but if you go to the
outskirts of it you guys can see that
the top of the hills like over a year
have snow so it's a weird sight to see
out here because you don't really see
that in Northern California but in
Southern California you do which is
insane but it's so dope man um can I get
the egg egg cheese and turkey bacon
sandwich turkey bacon and then can I get
an iced skinny vanilla latte that's good
G house used it house oh damn all right
we'll tell James Harden I said what's
that alright guys so this is what we're
doing today we're going on a little hike
I know that's something that I've never
done before oh my channel but try
something new we're going up potato chip
rocks yes we are hey don't you Brock and
all the sudden he's doing activities
yeah all of a sudden we're trying to get
in shape dudes out here on hikes eating
seeds look at these signs right here the
most important part if you encounter a
mountain lion or rattlesnakes no snakes
am alright let's go so we got ourselves
a 8 mile hike starting this point right
yeah she doesn't think i'll make it but
i know i'll make it yeah we gonna make
it guys let's go hi I can't do this
anymore I think we should head back down
this is too high yeah I haven't even
started yet this is just the warmup
seems like I'm having a great time I'm
not fatigued at all someone behind me
suggested we go back down not gonna say
any names wasn't me anyway still going
guys still going we have made it to the
top so that right there that's the
potato chip I got right there I don't
know what the hell he's just cuz I got a
belly just cuz I eat pizza a lot doesn't
mean with the right mindset and
motivation you could do it you know I'm
saying 10 miles knockdown was that
really 10 miles that was probably
shorter no total on the way to place the
way down to sign my oh okay beautiful
video guys I'm gonna set up the camera
now and get a nice little sunset because
the sunset should be coming out soon so
oh that's dope
ha no
Baxter bark twice if you're in milwaukee
shut up guys that's crazy because that
dog is Baxter from anchorman and we are
30 minutes from San Diego so it has to
be him anchorman the movie no never oh
my god you guys listen that's my
favorite movie of all time anchorman my
cue to leave you guys okay guys time to
go down we just saw the beautiful sunset
as you guys saw from the time lapse what
a time now let's go stuff our face with
some wings
as we were running down I don't know
what happened but my ankle got caught
and I rolled my ankle and this was
within the first like 10 minutes ago
announced oh he still had another hour
and a half so I rolled my ankle I fell
whatever I got like two holes in my hand
they were started bleeding but I put
pressure on them so they stopped I'm not
gonna be a little girl you know almost
30 was low-key but anyway so my ankle I
rolled my ankle it's not that bad i
finished the woman going down Brad
target I got a pimpmobile just one off
the walk all right well we got guys I
don't know why but I'm buying these
because your boy yes yes two showers to
go get some deodorant some milk yellow
gillette fusion proglide I'm super
excited to get this because I'm a big
fan of Gillette and it's yellow I'm sure
what I bought hold this l because I'm
showing that take this l because I'm
showing that what i bought a right take
that L stop alright guys so someone
tweeted me right now and they said all
of a sudden crisis at my work all of a
sudden handicapped so somebody that
works here we're looking for him now is
that him what's up at it was you we just
blogged you who attorney we're looking
for you how you been bad boy I do that I
just saw you to you I know all right
let's find this guy I need to go your
bread now alright guys so I'm finally
home dead ass tired about the shower I
don't know if my ankles swollen oh yeah
it is look at this shit
where's the ball at anyway new video i
decided i'm going to upload it at 11am
instead of 12 am-12 p.m. and the reason
for that is just because it's Super Bowl
Sunday I shouldn't even be uploading a
video on Super Bowl Sunday that was a
dumb decision on my part but I'm going
to do it anyway because I promised you
guys so today on the main channel 11
a.m. it might even be up before or after
this utterly out of it anyway tomorrow
we're still filming even though it's a
super bowl we still filming dead cover
that nipple real Cleveland here didn't
bust out to bar closing power moves
that's why me Justin a foot don't you
hate when you getting shot alright guys
see you tomorrow what up man we are here
with the man Apollo 13 yes sir I got the
shoes right here appreciate you those
doors thank you manage myself
