we're gonna open up a package right now
and usually I would do this for crew
kicks but we got better things for crew
kicks with this pair of sneakers so
let's go ahead and get into it
ah new shoe smell the Jordan for white
cement weight on it weight on it BAM
the nike air I got to give a big THANK
YOU man to Jerome
kicks he actually got me these early and
if you guys want to get your pair
already you can go to Jerome kicks I'll
link the website and the Instagram and
all that good stuff down below and I
believe he's selling them for not even
that expensive I wish that said Nike Air
that would be lit but whatever least a
little good job
hello alright guys I gotta get ready I
gotta go shower and then I gotta head
out I'm running late right now it's a
great day it is Friday and it is
beautiful outside man no more coldness
thank freakin God man oh I love it we
don't have a great day today guys I
promise
what's up guys so I'm outside of why
Jesus state right now it's our weekly
Friday meetup you know what I'm saying
but to go to the prayer yeah I don't
know is that though I always wait for
like 10 minutes a day every taste no way
it's yeah yeah hey who that out the
front oh this day again who that out the
front oh it's Jay again who that out the
front o again yeah yeah I think we're a
little bit
who's your Apple I was laughs but all of
a sudden h-town boy first energy James
Harden freaking I'm the beard the people
noisily is but I think good today thing
we come look good I like your outfit gee
thanks man
some days you're in your easy some days
I'm in my van I'll never my easy but
yeah Mike yeah all right guys so we're
about to go grub right now grab some
food put you in the mood for family one
smoothie mint the sudden smoothie boys
on a smoothie I want a sandwich
nothing too fat today you know he keep
it light since we started on a good note
and she's awesome
what's your Super Bowl predictions fast
uh
yeah what's that Cam Newton yeah Kevin I
feel like I mean everyone oh I feel like
everyone's gonna know my pick is going
to be I'm gonna say Panthers just
because they have stick out your Z's
like boy yeah but let's be honest bro we
we follow basketball more yeah like in
the front I'm not gonna front
yeah I'm not gonna find anything you
know we liquid game shoutout to Kobe
playing great no I'm saying copy 20
million points 3823 game winning bucket
yesterday two times in a row on summer
16 okay so we just had Togo's with Boba
after and now we're very sleepy cousin
and when I'm at a y'all be making fun
about laugh I'm just enjoying like rush
on the fresh set don't hide it this
stuff is like oh yo that's my where you
right here this is your work way that
the line never you killed it
never if y'all want to cuddle I know hit
my business with barbeque in my business
seamount loves getting on him but like
spongebob on crack in a Looney Tunes
character at the desert it was that's
Sudhir say that's what you're say yeah
they say it's all good yo just live life
guys enjoy but enjoy them they call me a
high P so every day so where you going
right now we're going to the just on
pop-up shop to just check it out I don't
know if they have the just on joining
tools but
I don't know I think it ends at the coat
hey closes soon and then it's gonna be
nice kick shop alright guys so we are at
the just on pop-up shop right now about
to go inside me and watch us I swear to
God on sees right there I sort of got it
the right that I would say what's up -
oh yes oh yeah that's dicey that's crazy
I don't like a blog in here guys but
what up man we are here with the man on
fire just serving yes sir I got the
shoes right here
appreciate you those doors Thank You Man
yeah what you know about getting your
pair of Don sees from the man himself
Don see whoa I told while Gemma yo let's
just check out the nice kick shop
because I was originally just gonna come
to get these Don see uh these just on
stands NBA all-star socks I just going
to come to get these and then they had
the freaking shoes so I was like
whatever I'm like imma buy the shoes
because I wanted them as you guys know
and freakin dance he was here I'm an
idiot I didn't ask him to sign the box
I mean I don't know why I didn't I told
him get asked him get him signed get I'm
sorry cuz he was signing someone else's
sabra asking but you came back because
we had forgotten and then we came out
and we saw him walking here and I don't
want to run up to him again be like oh
can you sign it I didn't know if he had
a sharpie on him oh but it's whatever
man
got him in the vlog that was stuff to
him picked up the pair just done
it's just haha stop who's this oh yeah
yeah did you see yeah yeah it stopped up
drink that one here you
all right guys so mean wide us chilling
right now shitty nose recording room
yeah like three minutes yeah where I'm
editing right now he's doing homework
like we said USC parts all around us so
you guys ever trying to come out here
you know watch you wish you got to go
for the Wi-Fi if you need it I got a
call for a lot faster think it what they
can talk about the time
show me pictures of a friend they really
pretty alright guys so we're leaving USC
right now just got out of class
professor Stephenson assigned us 18
assignments what a dick what I asshole
bro it's Super Bowl week Superboy I'm a
big ass football fan just kidding
anyway I got a new video this Sunday in
case you guys have not heard me say the
last couple days this Sunday we got a
sneakerhead skit going up it's hilarious
it's a banger I can't wait
I think it's bad wait oh yeah I hear
it's manga I can't wait yeah it's so
dope I'm telling you guys it's something
that a lot of you guys can relate to so
it's gonna be good man so stay tuned I'm
releasing my video at 12 o'clock on
Sunday
that's Pacific Standard Time so PT you
know what I'm saying I can't all right
I can't Orange oh man oh what else
dancing you know Oh hit the club is it
cool good that's all you got man so I
can't right now
hey people probably doing seriously
can't either
Oh take that up oh you have a gym here
elliptical talk
hello fellas ah I'm off to something
just know that's it for today man hope
you guys did enjoy today's vlog I know I
did I had a great day it was a great
Friday I know I'm just bringing super
late but have a great day have a great
weekend enjoy Super Bowl weekend be safe
I'll see you guys
you
