what's going on guys so I'm leaving the
Bay Area right now I've been here for
the past two days just visiting my mom
my family coming back home because it's
been a minute but I'm headed back to LA
right now and I have a few things that I
need to take care of in LA before we
head to Memphis on Friday for sneaker
Con this weekend actually have some
stuff to handle on the East Coast while
I'm out there for sneaker Kong so I
won't be just going to Memphis I'll be
going to a few places but we'll talk
about that later anyway let's go ahead
and check in get past security and all
that good airport stuff so let's do it
alright guys so your boy is back at the
crib now and as you guys can see behind
me I got tons of packages I literally
came home to 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 packages I
know you guys are about to sing the 21
savage song but anyway you know I always
get packages I'm always doing unboxings
I'm very blessed to have the opportunity
to receive a lot of packages from
companies and unbox sneakers but today
things are a little bit different this
one right here see it already has a
little sticker on it that says greatness
does good this one is not gonna be your
average in boxing I promise you that so
let's hit the intro let's hit the intro
alright guys here it is this is a dope
box as you guys may or may not know
every single year around this time
footlocker does their week of greatness
but this year it's a little bit
different first thing I want to show you
guys that I notice is that my box right
here it says 1 of 250 so this is
literally I am the first person to show
you guys this like I'm the first person
so thank you footlocker for giving me
this opportunity
super dope box right here as you guys
can see like all around it just has the
week of greatness
hashtag greatness does good but before I
show you guys what's inside of this I
kind of want to tell you guys something
in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria
footlocker is actually donating
thousands of shoes to Puerto Rico during
the week of greatness and they know like
sneaker heads like myself and you guys
we have a few shoes laying around that
we can donate that are unworn
so that's why they sent me this box and
I'm gonna show you guys what's inside
this box right now and then we have
ourselves a bag and the card we're on a
mission to find the great ones the ones
that hustle for others not only for
themselves the ones that strive to be
great often on the court okay so you
guys are probably just wondering what's
in the bag so I'm gonna
open it up and there's actually nothing
in this bag footlocker has created a
limited run of these boxes right here
and they've asked us to fill them with a
pair of sneakers so that I could send it
back to footlocker and then they can
donate it to somebody in Puerto Rico who
needs it 10 times more than me like I
said you know I want to say that I'm
very very grateful for this opportunity
because as a youtuber and someone who's
always doing unboxings and getting
sneakers from these different companies
I understand what it feels like to feel
the joy of getting a fresh pair of
sneakers like when you open that box up
like as a sneakerhead it's like one of
the best feelings in the world you know
what I'm saying it's like you waited for
it to come you waited for it to come and
then finally shows up you open that box
up you smell the fresh pair of shoes and
it's just like you want to throw them on
your feet right away for me to be able
to give that experience to someone who
you know is having a tough time right
now in their life or you know doesn't
have the money to afford a pair of brand
new sneakers it makes me feel better and
it makes me want to donate more and
hopefully this video will convince you
guys to do the same so what we're gonna
do right now is I'm gonna go to my
sneaker collection and I'm gonna go see
what sneakers I'm gonna be actually
donating let's go all right so we have a
lot of options as you guys can see right
here to be honest with you guys a lot of
my sneakers are worn and I don't want to
send a worn pair of sneakers I want to
send a brand new pair of sneakers I wear
all my Easi so I got all my Easy's like
you know the frozen yellows these new
Jordan ones that recently came out these
are super super dope I see one up there
that I want to use for this so I'm gonna
get my little ladder right now and I'ma
climb up there and grab it because it's
all the way at the top actually I'm just
gonna use this chair so hopefully I
don't fall off okay I got the shoes you
guys ready to see what they are has to
go back to the table so what the Kyrie
twos now I've never warned a sneaker
it's brand new and this shoe right here
is actually a limited overseas exclusive
Kyrie 2 I bought this shoe on my trip to
Dubai earlier this wall for New Year's
this last year and over the past few
months like I never planned to wear it I
always just let it sit up there and
night now that I get to choose a sneaker
to send to Puerto Rico I'm like you know
what as much as the shoes like important
to me for it being my first trip to
Dubai and all that like it could go on
someone else's foot and they can
mean ten times more to them then it will
ever mean to me next step obviously
we're gonna put these in the bag put
them back in the box ape them all up and
get these ready to go one of two hundred
fifty is officially out of here we got
our shipping label now you guys are
probably wondering case how do I get a
box how do I get the box to send the
sneakers you don't need the box all you
got to do is take your own Ward sneakers
to a local footlocker I believe there's
over a thousand locations who are taking
the donations at the moment so I'm
calling you guys out and I really want
to see you guys do this like I said
footlocker is donating thousands of
sneakers and on top of that they're
donating over a million dollars to
charitable organizations for
humanitarian efforts around the world so
this is what I want you guys to do I
want you guys to take your unworn
sneakers to your local footlocker and I
want you guys to tweet me a video of you
taking it there make sure you use the
hashtag greatness does good and for
anybody who wants to do this who has
watch this video I want you guys to
tweet me the video and I'm actually
gonna follow back everybody who takes
part in this so anybody who goes to
footlocker like I said and show's
themselves donating their unworn
sneakers and donating it to Puerto Rico
I will personally follow follow you guys
back on Twitter so there you guys have
it again footlocker thank you guys for
this huge opportunity thank you guys for
watching this part of the video
Foot Locker we out here greatness does
good hashtag that alright guys so I
wanted that to be the main focus of
today's video so all those other boxes
you saw those will be unboxed on
probably tomorrow's video so last night
at like 1:00 a.m. I met up with swaggy
Diddy and Harris and we actually played
basketball I'm gonna show you guys the
highlights and fun times we had what
that sounded so weird fun times I'm
gonna show you guys yesterday what
happened so let's go to that and then
we'll come back here before we end the
vlog so I could be in the gym he wasn't
with them shooting in the gym come on
fam okay okay okay okay
your boys trying to get back on this
basketball game because New York sneaker
con is going to be the next hoops
classic and it's a little bit of a
different twist to this one because this
one is going to be a three on three
tournament that's eight
front teams three on three tournament
NBA playoff style I have my own team
where the dream coup but before then we
have Memphis this weekend London and
then Berlin I will be at all of those
sneaker cons and I'm so excited but
anyway I'm gonna put my shoes on now my
Curry's we rockin with these today but
if for some reason these are
uncomfortable and I need to break them
in I'm a downgrade and I'm gonna go to
the curry threes just for the day but
right now it's looking like we going
with the carry for so but these bad boys
are
hi Harris is finally in the building
showed up at freakin 338 a.m. better
late than never never late is better
alright guys so we're gonna play this
quick game of 21
y'all want to put something on the line
or no I'll play I'll play you guys for
your crep crates yeah if I win I get I
get your four of them but if you and now
you make yours what do you want he makes
his but like we each got to claim one
thing so I claim if I win I get you guys
I get your to crap crates and I get your
two cupcakes yeah and I you see he says
what he wants from us to if he doesn't
cooperate but he's gonna get up soon how
about if if you guys if you guys beat me
I'll contact then I'll be like I need
eleventh but now you need something from
each other 204 21 oh yeah so that's my
thing to youtube okay putting your hand
out why don't you guys do four cupcakes
too so you take his crap face okay
triple handshake handshake 21 right yes
here's the wager we're gonna play 21
the winner gets if I win I get they just
got crept crates from Shu Palace so I'll
get the there for scrap cakes
if Harris wins he'll get a pair of
Jordan Elevens from me and then he'll
get swags to CREP crate crates and same
thing goes for swag swag will get
Harris's and I'll get them a pair of
Jordan 11 we go set the camera up and
we're gonna ball out right now
finally Harris wait he gave it his all
guy oh my god my hair 18 straight points
before we started scoring so he used all
his energy now you can see he's dead
rest in peace - alleged homicides 11
besides love in 1107 11 all right okay
so Harris I owe you a pair of jordan
Elevens i will get you a pair very very
soon I promise you but to everybody else
thank you guys for watching again this
episode was not crazy like I said I
wanted to keep it very very simple just
so that mainly the attention can go to
the unboxing I did with footlocker so
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow and also don't forget this
weekend Saturday we are in Memphis for
sneaker con the first ever sneaker con
in Memphis and I will have the exclusive
Memphis dream crew t-shirt right there
spoiler alert this is one of the things
that I unbox on the next video so I'll
see you guys in Memphis and I'm out of
here
peace
