today I'm going to teach you guys how to
be a real sneaker head not that you guys
need to know but I'm gonna be doing a
lot of sneaker head Wow lighting on
fleek I wake up start editing and this
lighting is just phenomenal anyway
something like I'm talking too much
right now when it comes to being a
sneaker head you know we buy a lot of
shoes new shoes come out every week we
don't keep all of them I don't keep all
of this sneakers I buy so what happens
is I buy sneakers I'll keep on wear them
and then I'll be like I don't want these
anymore it's part of the game it's like
a trading card you know you don't want
to go to your frame that you want these
you go to a sneaker shop you say you
don't want these so today I'm gonna be
there's like a few sneakers I want to
get rid of one of them is a he's just I
wore them I love them but they're not a
shoe that I want to keep in my
collection for too long but I'm probably
gonna regret getting rid of these but I
think I'm gonna sell these so yeah so
this is the first one another shoe that
I'm gonna get rid of is these because as
much as I love Jordan ones these are
cool but they're whatever to me
it's another struggling to sneakerhead
light when you have just box to piled up
on top of each other
oh the funny thing is I actually just
caught another shoe that I was gonna get
rid of with my my jaw I'm gonna get rid
of these to push your tees because I
thought they were cool and then I tried
them on and they just look retarded on
my feet so I'm gonna get rid of the
lunch lady adidas oh don't tell me I got
rid of them cuz if I got the buffer to
the box for those then I'm kind of
 yeah I don't have the box for
these so I guess we'll just hold on to
I'm probably just give these away guys
sure you give these away I might just
give these away
if this video can get 10,000 thumbs up
if this vlog can get 10,000 thumbs up
I'll give this away to one of you guys
so thumbs up size 10 sometimes you want
to get a sneaker and it's in front of
your face you're able to get it but you
can't get it in your size so a sneaker
that I actually have that's in a size 11
diet I showed you guys a couple days ago
or a couple of vlogs ago was the EZ
Oxford chance so I haven't been a size
11 and I need to size swap them for a 9
and a half or 10 so the good people the
great people over at Mac Park in Burbank
shouts out to Mickey they're gonna do a
side swap for me I already talked to him
and he has my side so I'm gonna do a
side swap now it's time to shower I'm
uploading like I said and let's get the
day started finally I could leave my
house and it's freakin 4 p.m. and
there's a beautiful view
what should have been a 20-minute drive
turned into a 40-minute drive thanks to
Los Angeles traffic
all right guys we hear family Burbank
Burbank we're here been loved
Magnolia
all right guys so as I was looking
around there's one shoe that caught my
eye these right here it looks super dope
and adidas is just killing it minute
they have a nice Kicks version of these
I hate the people over at nice kicks
over to see if I could try to get a pair
and they said they're gonna look out for
me so hopefully I could get the tie-dye
color of these because these are
freaking crazy so I really like these I
feel like these are gonna be so damn
comfortable but hopefully I get my nice
kicks version shout out to nice kicks
hook it up y'all alright guys so I just
got my 9 and a half and the easy
shoutout to Mickey a shout out to Mac
park he's calling out yg guys I want the
rematch did I need the rematch
double or nothing pair of Kobe's I'm
with it let's go there yg are you ready
or what anyway guys I don't know if you
guys have noticed but Mac parks been
getting a lot of attention you guys made
it on ESPN right sort of sports centers
but Sports Center shout-out to B dot and
where what else did I tell you oh yeah
like but Ali was here hello people are
finding out so if you're in Burbank or
the LA area come through man I got a
dope collection I'm always showing love
to you guys so thank you brother
appreciate you alright guys so I got him
so happy I'm probably gonna be smelling
these all the way to my next location
but where are we going
find out next
the window so I've literally been home
like the past three days just locked
myself in there and just been like
editing and like filming like cooking
videos and I need to get out of the
house so today I got out of the house
and I I didn't have anything to do after
back part so I was like I'm not gonna go
back home and sit and do nothing so I'm
going to the mall
I got a huge announcement for you guys
so I will tell you guys a huge
announcement but stay tuned all I can
say is that I am super excited about
this because I'm coming to a city near
you or one city for now one city for now
but find out where I'm coming in a
little bit and yeah and I want to also
tell you guys that this Sunday's new
video which you guys saw me film in the
last vlog is going to be bananas it's
I'm so excited I'm gonna start editing
later tonight just I can get a kind of
feel of it so I can hype it up more
whether I really like it or I just like
it so yeah man super excited about that
because you guys have been asking for
main channel videos you guys have been
asking for sneaker related skits
we're gonna give it to you because I
give it to wait not that the time I give
you what you want all right sounds good
we are in Irvine I believe what's the
area we're actually in Costa Mesa but he
thinks he knows everything
I do yeah can I get extra white sauce
please oh yeah thanks fam yeah yeah yeah
alright guys so al all guys I gotta give
it up to New York ten times better but I
mean it was still good but I feel like
it'll be way better for a late-night
snack
but anyway about to hit the movies right
now it's been a minute since I watched a
movie in the theaters so what are we
watching the bad grandpa dirty grandpa
gonna get our life together what's the
fastest way to the theater all right
yes all you want to be in this guy folks
I'm watching super though by the way
running things around here
yeah today we had a break-in and how do
you say I was enjoying the area but how
do you say it's just that three or did
331 3 it's just that I could have find a
person because he that was really good
damn he knew his stuff
he probably hadn't already known where
he was going to go after everything
nobody yeah yeah what do you take
nothing actually was the point to scare
the person that works here okay
maybe somebody could nose or something
yes my personal so YouTube
nice meeting you take it easy shoutout
to the homie yeah I'm hella red I look
like Caine almost home it's almost 1:00
o'clock man I'm we was looking kind of
long it was I come on Travis get down it
was kind of long it was like it's okay
it was okay movie but anyway I think it
might be huge announcement I'm so major
key I'm up to something in April I check
this out
April 17th I will be co-hosting we'll
all be one of many hosts I'll be
performing co-hosting kickin it chillin
at the 2016 now rose festival which is
new year's festival in Pleasanton
California so Bay Area you don't have to
be Afghan to attend it is an Afghan to
your event but you do not have to be
Afghan to attend and a lot of people get
usually when I do these autumn Afghan so
a lot of these events that happen which
are like Afghan events a lot of people
who are not Afghan are like you I don't
know if I can come so they don't come
and they treat me like all wish I woulda
came guys you don't need to be Afghan
you just come and hang out with us
time you know what I'm saying you can
buy your tickets at the door I'm not
sure how much the prices are gonna be I
haven't looked at the information yet
but I'll keep you updated on that but
when we're there we're just gonna be
chillin hanging out we're gonna have our
own booth it's gonna be poppin it's
gonna be live or blurry so we're giving
you a few month warning - so April 17th
2016 if you're in the Bay Area make sure
you guys come out and support I'm gonna
keep reminding you guys from now until
April and this event is huge guys I
think there's like 30,000 people going
to attend so yeah there's gonna be a lot
of people there so we're gonna have like
exclusive merch and it's gonna be poppin
man so stay tuned and yeah hope you guys
comment down below if you're gonna come
because I want to see how many people
are gonna come and any other upcoming
events I have I will keep you guys
updated on here as well as all my social
media so go follow me on Instagram
cuz my Instagram needs to start popping
you know I'm saying so security going
immune thank you alright guys so it's
time to say goodbye for the day we will
see you guys tomorrow with this beard
gone that's for sure this thing is
getting annoying
I need a haircut my life has just been a
mess this past week I've been like
literally locked into my house and again
remember new video this Sunday on the
main channel so 12 o'clock this Sunday
new video and we'll see you later
they're not fake let's see if they can
tell in the comments so you guys think
they're real or fake psych I know those
are 100%
