two minutes 12 minutes for god damnit
how am I gonna do in 12 minutes money
man 24 minutes let's do it
what's going on guys hope everyone's
having a great day I'm starting my day
are I'm starting to vlog off by going to
Best Buy because I have to go buy a
microphone because we're filming today
and I have wireless mics for my camera
but I don't have a mic that just goes on
top of it so I'm filming skid today so I
need one of those so yeah I was supposed
to go get breakfast with Adam and slim
before they head to the Bay Area but
unfortunately I'm on a timeframe for
filming so I had to take a raincheck
Adam slim if you're watching this I love
you guys we had a great time with you
while you were here
I was so happy you guys came to LA I got
to see you guys twice in one month which
was so dope in New York and in LA next
time let's meet up somewhere else
and just have a great vacation together
it's so dope man we like it's crazy how
YouTube has brought random people into
your life it made you into friends so
that's one of the things that's one of
the main reasons why I love shoes so
anyway I'm running out of breath so
let's go into Best Buy right now and
let's buy this mic super quick cuz I got
an hour drive alright guys so hopefully
this mic is here and it is right here
let me get this one right here I don't
know how good it is but hopefully it's
good enough alright guys so I got the
rode mic super excited to use this thing
this is not the best one but it's the
only one that I could get my hands on
today so it cost like 150 there's a one
that's cost like 200 which I really want
but I'm gonna have to hold off and just
keep this one for now but anyway so I
want to tell you guys about the video
that I'm shooting it is a sneaker
related skit as you guys know my sneaker
head to be like has been doing
phenomenal on my main channel and I'm
trying to think of other ways to make
sneaker related skits on the channel
which aren't titled sneaker head to be
like so it is sneaker heads be like it's
the sneaker heads be like style like
it's it's like that but it's gonna have
a different title and you guys will see
this weekend and I'm super excited for
you guys to see you know just like I'm
already a better film example then I hit
him with a Highline first video with a
dance move with the decimals and boy
with a dancer alright guys so just got
to our shooting location and we're
filming the skit that we are doing the
sneaker skit I can't tell you guys again
what it's about but damn look at that
slag fit
hold on show him the apron quit the
edita all of a sudden adidas apron um
but we're filming right now and last
time she was in my lawyer but he was
saying some foul shit in the comments so
this is my cousin guys just let you know
and that's Ella sell of Adobe see ela
the Adobe go follow her isn't yeah yeah
she's
this national shout your Instagram with
where's the other one
this is my favorite one I did where's
yet what's your name ginger ginger
she's oh right there what's up ginger
found oh she's gonna attack me ginger
take a selfie with me okay ginger is not
about it
she doesn't want Instagram followers
ginger hey what's up am
I took him five hours to pack up his
stuff
uber is uber Oh what up guys so got done
filming earlier this Sunday so stay
tuned it's going up on Super Bowl Sunday
I'm gonna upload it before the game
starts though I'm not gonna do the
halftime show type shit but this is sick
right here as you guys can tell I'm at
Target rain you know oh this is sick too
I got some dope-ass Batman for Superman
shirts I don't know if I'd ever Rock
this shit it comes out this month so
you know they predicted that this movie
was gonna come out last year and I am
Legend all of a sudden easy season hold
on this show um this is a good thumbnail
they're not fake let's see if they can
tell in the comments you guys think
they're real or fake psych
I know Loki those are 100% real guys
come on we don't play that game right
here now I would never hang out with
somebody
where'd it come from it only came from
one source and let's just say shouts
activity shot out to the plug if you
wouldn't be in the crew if you had some
fakes that's all I'm gonna say
so um all of a sudden she's hyper lovely
comments people left on your last vlog
which one I don't know what do you think
is gonna win the Super Bowl for sure the
Panthers all of a sudden Steph Curry has
that has any time that I hate these
thank you
hi Beast we know patches don't buy shoes
