you
I forgot to move my car this morning
from the street so on top of the parking
ticket that I already have now I got to
two parking tickets man shout out to LA
city traffic
you had the city slowed and now I owe
you 63 plus 63 is 126 dollars so not too
happy about that that could have been a
pair of shoes all right guys what's good
so I didn't vlog all day as you guys
could see I put on my shoes I got out
did a cool intro for y'all but I didn't
vlog all day I was with my mom sweating
sometimes and she's in town I didn't
vlog with her how she don't follow my
mom how much enjoy the day and dropped
her off and I'm about to film with Adam
and slim I'm gonna get them on what are
those so I'm bringing back the game show
what are those I think it's a perfect
opportunity to get Adam into them who
aren't the biggest sneaker heads in the
world so it's gonna be pretty funny what
they named some sneakers so look out for
that soon and comment down below you
guys things to think that should be a
crew kicks video or do you think that
should be a main Channel video so yeah
so it's nighttime I'm here in Hollywood
at Adam in Slim's place that they're
staying out here in LA so just waiting
for Adam to come down so that we can go
in and get to work all right
so talk to you guys there all right guys
so before we get into anything else I'm
a mess because these freakin all all
four of these guys they just pranked me
and I'm speechless but it was some focal
area but it was good like ya good heart
in it so it's one on your channel right
yeah
going on his salad this guy didn't even
know he was here but he's here watching
my shows out of the cut
struggling over here with their 500
boxes of pizza
oh no I when is it going up soon just
out of this okay this Saturday on his
channel so I'll link your channel down
below and so we're so now we're actually
doing what the video that I came here
for which is as you guys see we're gonna
do a somebody's gonna comment some
follow in the comments about this
setup but we're about to film the second
edition of what are those it's gonna be
Adam vs. slam oh I was can I go look go
look you're gonna cheat oh we got a
cheater okay okay felt like and so
basically we're going to Adam vs. slim I
was thinking about throwing washy and
I've been in there but I think I'm a hoe
doll I shouldn't get them yeah mr. hell
oh my God look at me okay so we'll see
who ends this and I'm not sure when it's
gonna go up I'm even thinking this might
be a main channel video we might throw
what are those on the major yeah they
did it before watch you okay okay that's
the most popular video on my secret
channel here if you like that I'm so red
look good the prank did to me yeah
alright I am this is ridiculous
very very guys one of the much
anticipated what are those game show and
as you guys can tell today we got some
special guests all the way from New York
City
alright guys so we just wrapped up the
second edition of what are those it was
a great episode I cool lighting right
here I can't tell you guys who won but
all I could say is that it was
interesting there was some controversy
so I'm cheating I'm not gonna point
fingers dude I got a boo-boo here but it
was great and you
and I just want to know why watch us
laptop has heart ology who's your
Valentine who's your Valentine no since
you rejected me not funny difficult yeah
because you over here cupcake in with
Harris when he's married and Aires
why I gotta get married like that my
motto yet come on choose me actually be
what are you guys thoughts on here is
his engagement role besides just chillin
in New York and he hasn't hasn't both
all of a sudden he's engaged I hope next
time is gonna have twins
all of a sudden are you guys gonna see
him in the bed you lose yet yeah I'm
gonna make him vlog from me dead
artificial yes sounds good um so we're
just gonna chill now I don't know if
we're gonna film anything else alright
guys so it's almost 2 a.m. and we're
still chillin huh okay oh yeah Barbara
Shelly oh yeah alright guys let me show
you guys we're gonna do a little mini
skit in the bar right now that you know
I'm saying Chantelle got the kids and I
told her I pick our ass up after school
you don't say I got to do my thing I got
another my next appointment is at 4
o'clock I got my schedule
 you knock before you so
slow Barbara showers but boyfriend you
got one minute long time oh so now I got
a point man yeah I've called you like
two days okay yeah go ahead go ahead
take C tension oh yeah whatever whatever
you know same old same way we always do
good way huh I never see you in my life
what you might forget the chair come on
cheat you go that is that good yeah
yes good you know just to pay you know
16:55 you got an appointment
ha ha ha my brother and he don't get you
up to die easily over accent you would
you want the failure ha ha ha you a
common heritage ah I got you got me
so here Stephen came through and he was
just like you know he came through into
this thing yeah so yeah he's one you
came huh when he came Stephen let's take
a little bit
Oh put this on okay
yes sir here is the best part little key
is the best part everybody because
dollars back let me see you ask fancy
you bank - putter yeah you got that out
show 99 you laughing it's my money
alright guys this is like an unofficial
sponsor for Domino's going on or
something they got boxes on boxes on
boxes so I mean you gonna go to sleep
you ready why would I sleep walking
wrote there alright but we'll see you
guys tomorrow morning before they head
their head into the bay so if you're
from the bay I think they got to do a
meet-up so ya know information you asked
my old hood I grew up there but you know
LA resident unofficially right fire
kicks I will see you guys tomorrow
though alright so make love you guys
alright guys so I'm headed home right
now it was free I know I'm ever spring
we all Hollywood y'all Oh No thank you
sir appreciate it
Hollywood how you been - how you're
gonna shut down inch awesome push me
today if it's with a cup loaded
appreciate it I got you bro I like what
you say
I got you next time to heal you're
too busy talking too busy talking got
you broken when I see how it is
anyway about to head home start editing
this vlog super excited to edit one of
those I'll be filming again tomorrow
some main channel videos which I'm super
excited about new main Channel video
this Sunday
stay tuned i'll tell you guys more about
it in tomorrow's vlog when we're
shooting it
so all I could say is that it's a skit
related to sneakerheads
so the documentary the game has another
album I already came out shoot so guys
let's build all right there so yeah I
don't know if I'm a when I get home
so anyways the last words what you uh
you know price went up damn yeah she
cooks I got new wiry
fish huh our only way to drink barking
hi guys alright guys we'll see tomorrow
over a great day a great start to the
week oh the emphasis there the barber
soap to just two people got arrested at
the barber shop guys see you guys
tomorrow stay beautiful they beautiful I
can't believe today's Monday feels like
it's Sunday
all right peace out guys you know you
got a you know you a vet in this even
though you never won you're still a vet
bro you never want how many times you
doing you Tony
