what's good guys first off I want to
apologize for missing two days of vlog
we'll have a good one feet today and
I'll try to stay consistent this week
consistent this week for you guys it's
really Chloe and nasty outside but it's
all hey mind your own business
you see sure enough don't you see me
walking mr. bill walking talking a third
person who's seen so about to go get
some food with Adam and slim who are
here from New York City and yeah and we
were supposed to film today but it's so
nasty outside so all of our my ideas
needed to be outdoor shot outdoors so I
don't why but I'm liking this weather
like this really like it's yeah I liked
it yeah guys we got a special appearance
by the Sun the Sun is coming out Wow
what a time and Oh what do you got it's
uh thoughts on the new Drake track I
gotta say it's been awesome I say yo I
want to do this to my car I want to get
these three stripes cured that gotta me
dude isn't that sick yeah just not
Hawaii that's though anyway um what'd
you say awesome at 16 we were literally
having like a live to see the first time
they played it I know sound radio the
first time you really did you just
everybody with my dad like pumping that
do is hella funny and then they played
it together like a god and then again
again all my exes know I like my fees in
the middle I like my oh the V in the
middle yeah
there it is the dream the dream right
now bringing these guys here they asked
me why all the comments on my Instagram
they all of a sudden all of us self I
had to explain to them what
we're talking right now we're gonna
figure out what we're gonna build
tomorrow so we're gonna make some power
women for you guys and we're gonna grub
so let's look at this menu now I don't
want to be a fat ass but hi guys so we
just got back to Beverly Center because
I know I should have been going to this
I know I said I was not gonna play this
again but because of you guys because
they're here we're gonna go play the
keymaster the arcade game
hopefully their good luck you guys gonna
try it out right also I'll do it first
so you guys can see all right guys back
again man back again why you gonna play
no yeah ya it looks easy that small and
then like things mad big yeah you know
you gotta you know you a vet in this
even though you never won you're still a
vet bro you never want
how many times you knew all the total
domes in here yeah that's crazy yeah
it's crazy
that's not gonna work
last one so don't let go of the blue
button until you think it's perfect oh
my god you see here so you bowled it
yeah yeah right it pulls it goes through
the hole and then it pulls out the
plastic
you did good though for your first time
the angles going on right now
and that was hella close for the side
too
lots of spider-man shit right now bro
Oh fire cake
Roger that's the worst one
next time I saw brows I felt like this
famous race of a warrior
okay okay yeah that's a good that
position is perfect
he's picky - so my going right now cuz
the key is lowered how is it crooked so
he saw that how was he crooked the key
is lowered how was it cookie but how'd
you creep how'd you make your cooking
the keys but why is it but how leave
that one try though that's too low
alright guys he's retired from the game
hi guys
nice nose again if you guys yeah you go
bro never I'm never gonna do this shit
again behind the scenes of the vlog
behind the scenes of vlogging be like
hi guys so we're living the mall right
now and I gotta go because my mom's in
town so I gotta go kick it with my mom
I'm a link up with these guys later he's
still pissed about losing the machine
yeah I'm tightly introduced into that
shit about absolute steam I think I have
some in New York too so yeah I think
there's a Snoopy shop the hazard in New
York check out their vlog channel to see
what they're about to do because I don't
know what they're about to do but I'll
see them later tonight so this is not
goodbye and yeah all right guys just got
the Staples Center about to go to the
Lakers game Kobe is playing tonight
alright guys so Lakers game was cool
my mom had a good time she meant The
Bachelor I think his name is Ben from
the show The Bachelor
she took a selfie with him Lakers got
killed Kobe played great
almost home but before I do go home I
want to link up with I'm a link up with
Adam and slim again and I but so we're
all gonna just get together and you know
chop it up for a little bit and then
we're actually gonna go take some
pictures right now so let's go take some
pictures
fire kicks it's good it's good fans a
big fan
all of a sudden found so we are here at
the bright lights of black mojave
climbing I want to climb it try it I see
people all right hold on
huh she's coming huh okay I can't can I
do it all of a sudden family all of a
sudden I see do it this is gonna be the
end of the vault eh I know it wasn't
super long or whatever but my apologies
and I want to apologize again for
lagging on the vlogs last week it was
just not an exciting week for me I
really didn't have too much the vlog but
this week is gonna be pushing out I'm
looking to film every single day of the
week for the main channel I know I'm
lagging on the main channel too and crew
kicks this is gonna be dope this week
too so stay tuned for that and oh my God
he's back at it again Loki
these ladies about to call the cops on
this fam bro you don't even need to
climb you just stand up straight you're
already halfway there bro this is just
this is the real end of the vlog any
last words before it's just I'm smart
but is it makes you guys give it a
thumbs up because we're watching you
guys and if you don't give it a thought
wait we'll go away first they give it a
thumbs up you waiting this is a cornball
no there's no waiting that guy right
there just liked it who nah no they're
gonna give it a thumbs up oh my gosh
works hard we see him work hard behind
the scenes he really does work harder I
try man you know it's nothing it's just
but next time yes we're gonna win the
easy oh you said you're not gonna go
there all right so we're gonna link up
tomorrow to kick it so that should be
another dope vlog and that's it from
here we'll see you guys tomorrow all
right
oh my god yes finally okay so I've been
seeing so many people rock to the Oxford
tans
and it's been killing me every
