Adie mode
so I just ate which which got myself a
nice little sandwich and I couldn't
think of anything else to do so that my
wild my food is digesting so I came to
the mall and this is the mall where they
have the easy arcade game the keymaster
so I'm debating whether I want to throw
twenty on it and see if I could win
sneakerheads in the bay
he won his boy won
so I'm kind of salty about that but you
know those are the homies so I'm just
gonna be like congratulations you didn't
play yourself I've been playing myself
so I'm thinking about playing but I
don't know cuz I've already spent $160
on that machine retail for Yeezys is 200
so if I get one of under $200 I'll be
happy because then I will get I would
have gotten I will have get I will I
can't talk
so we got 750s box returns supreme
shattered backboards private black you
know
our guys that's it I retired from the
arcade game I give up
if you guys gonna try it is at the
Beverly Center tradition so
I'm done yeah I'm not gonna waste any
more money I've totaled $200 that I
wasted on the machine I never want I got
close and I don't even care about the
shoes anymore I just want to win the
damn machine
just the freakin said I won but
obviously that didn't happen I don't
think I showed you guys the car that I
have because my car is actually at the
shop as you guys remember so they gave
me this gold 3-series
but the cream on the inside what is this
family first of all I want to apologize
for texting and driving because I know a
lot of people got mad at me texting and
driving and you guys are a hundred
percent right and then I also want to
apologize because when I cussed out the
lady that made me crash my drone I
probably I called her dumb ass and I
said stupid or whatever guys it's a
heat-of-the-moment thing I know it's not
her fault it's my fault like whatever I
shouldn't have been flying it in on the
sidewalk or whatever I didn't know what
was gonna go close to her head or
whatever but I was just mad at the fact
that she didn't she didn't okay it's
whatever no it doesn't matter I'm not
gonna defend to defend myself I made a
mistake I shouldn't have blamed with her
so I apologized and I'm sorry if anybody
got offended some people said that while
they were disappointed in me and they
lost respect for me so you know I just
want to apologize to anybody was
offended by that I don't like to be rude
to people so it's just the heat of the
moment think so I'm sorry and yeah I do
not hate that lady so hope she's still
walking into
somebody laced these soaked nasty this
is horrible Shana nice to unlace tease
now
alright guys so currently walking to the
Grove to grab some food I'm actually
gonna edit there I'm gonna feel awkward
doing that but gotta get work done you
know I'm saying I'm taking this big bag
of clothes that I don't wear the reason
why I'm showing you guys is because I
want to inspire some of you guys to like
grab your old clothes that you don't
wear and you know give them to someone
less fortunate and I'm taking these
clothes to this little dare box right
here and I'm just gonna throw it in
there because I don't know where else to
take it
put a body in there
you
alright guys so I finished eating
finished editing and that meal was only
six dollars which was amazing I think I
found my new breakfast spot every time I
freaking pass through Nordstrom's now I
see the freaking great Balenciaga and I
want to cash out on them so bad I don't
know I feel like doing it right now on
some crazy spontaneous right now
boots so I kind of gave in walk to the
Grove to eat and edit and you end up
leaving with the pair of sneakers I
think all sneaker heads can relate when
I say that's not the first time this has
happened we got one more package to open
this one I hear is actually from a good
friend of mine Bay John and if you guys
know if you guys have been keeping up
with the vlogs for some time now you
know that Bay John always takes care of
me he got me the ovo Jordan tents he got
me the pirate black Easy's and he got me
the moon rock so I can't thank him
enough I owe him so much man like
seriously I owe this guy a lot so thank
you so much brother I know you're
watching this appreciate you I'm super
excited to open this box and I've been
dying for these and my homie Bay John is
actually starting his YouTube channel
pretty soon so I'm gonna link him down
below make sure you guys subscribe he's
a loyal crew member so he's starting a
sneaker channel and it's gonna be one of
the dopest sneaker channels because he's
his collection is out of this world so
y'all need to subscribe now you guys are
probably wondering why I'm not unboxing
this on crew cakes and I'm actually
showing it to you guys and the reason is
because y'all are gonna see what's
really good on cookies today now these
are a size 11 so I need to slice swap it
but amen I can't complain at all
probably gonna regret this book
yes I regretted immediately receipt from
footlocker goddamn oh my god yes finally
okay so I've been seeing so many people
rock to the Oxford tans and it's been
killing me every time I see him I'm like
I want him so bad oh thank you so much
bad job man I owe you so much man this
it means the world to me that you always
take care of me man this is I can't
thank you guys enough oh and I'm gonna
link his Instagram to everybody follow
him on Instagram and go comment on all
his posts right now and say thank you
for being in the crew and I need to hit
up Jimmy right now be like yo plug I
need a slide swap because I need to rock
these ASAP but tonight we're gonna be
filming with these so I don't know if I
should say I swap them today today I
don't know but we're making a video
today for crew cake so stay tuned on
crew kicks cuz all the lighting right
here stay tuned on crew kicks because
we're gonna be doing a video with these
so stay tuned I'm so juiced whoo so just
finally uploaded organize my shoe racks
check this out so this is okay I know
it's super messy over here don't pay
attention to any of this basically we
got the Fantastic Four right there
throw on the Air Force which other tans
right there got the three Balenciaga
like a color-coordinated white gray
black I'm probably gonna sell these I
don't know yet
I'm keeping those for sure but all my
Jordan ones right here I need to sell
probably those and then my swole stacks
right here I'm kind of diggin that it's
right here cuz like I just grabbed my
wallet got my keys in and I'm outta here
BAM he shuts up to the plug all right
let's go cuz BMW just called me and they
told me my car is ready to get picked up
they fixed everything they said it was
super expensive to fix but shouts out
the BMW I got free maintenance for two
years and in the second years almost up
so we're gonna go get this thing and I
want to show you guys something cuz they
just changed my background for my laptop
yesterday because I needed a little bit
of
innovation I feel like I was slacking a
little bit like I was forgetting what
the main goal is and my main goal is now
on my background so just no fan and I
don't know nobody in the basement so I
took off the ovo logo cuz my drone
didn't want to be a high beast I figured
out that's what the problem was no
camera but we're still gonna go test it
out and see if it works
big open space a few trees here and
there but a little high I think I can
manage cars no people so it's all good
let's test this bad boy out all this
looks bad I can already see it leaning
it works alright I'll pause this thing
ma my babies in the air look at her come
down
you see man the drone itself isn't
broken it just does I have a camera now
it's back alive
so I can't fry yeah I can't fly drones
here yeah alright guys so we just got to
Westwood about to start filming for a
crew cake
so today's cooking video is going to be
fire kicks off mud the reseller is back
and today last time you guys saw him on
the streets he was trying to sell the
ovo tents but today he's gonna be
selling some Easy's you guys ready to
see his fit check this out
pity boys shown the kick game hold on
hold on
I even fam it's been a minute minute
minute guys how you guys doing
I'm shelling you know it feels weird to
Undine us these but let's just say the
rooster games still gonna be high after
then it goes down in the deer
I guess you're about to start filming so
we will see you guys in a minute
and let's see if anybody's gonna buy the
easies right let's see if your resale
game is strong enough just like your
pull out game
