shooty one in Jimmy celebrated here I
definitely need a Patti's white cement
alright guys so here we go about to
unleash the beast for the first time the
drone season has begun
alright I'm kind of scared to fly it
last time I flew it it was completely
different a brand and a different drone
so this is gonna be my first time flying
a fan town so hope all goes to a I'm
looking nervous trying to act like I
know what I'm doing right now
all right so I think I did pretty good
for my first test oh wow I just realized
I never pressed record on the freaking
drone so I didn't record anything that's
why we learned guys that's why you
practice and learn right so now we're
gonna really get some footage for you
guys
yo what's good sneak why do I keep doing
the crew kicks intro dammit whats good
everyone hope everyone's having a great
day sorry for no vlog yesterday and the
reason for that being is because the day
before that I just had a horrible day
and you guys will find out why later in
this vlog but I just needed to get away
I needed to get away from LA for the day
so today I'm actually going to San Diego
alright guys so I just got to the mall
here in San Diego LA to do some shopping
first things first got to get that out
of the system you know what I'm saying
sneaker shopping in San Diego maybe
we'll see my goal is not buying shoes
cuz I need to save my money you feel me
just another lovely day at the mall Oh
who stole whose pose first just now we
said trans out you guys
even the Medicaid cell Beaufort's
mystery girl here I decided to vlog take
off right now anyways I'm going to be
today's tour guide to show this one
around San Diego California
so here's getting turn hey this is where
they found it for the exciting email
finding nemo takes place in Australia
yeah I know
I don't know
we're gonna make we're gonna make fun of
us in the car that was a joke in the
comments that's all those serious so you
guys are probably wondering why I'm not
giving you any dope ass drone shots
right now so yesterday when I tested out
the drone for the first time it was all
good I got a hang of it it was going
smoothly I got some shots outside my
house I felt comfortable with it
and then after I went to the gym last
night yeah I went to the gym twist
number two I was like all right I'm
gonna get a dope-ass shot outside of
LACMA so I went across the street at
LACMA all right so I'm gonna keep my
distance from LACMA where the big bright
lights are just gonna try to fly it over
a little bit and see if I could do it
but there's a lot of trees here but I
think the area that I mean I should be
good to go so let's try this thing out
and it was people walking by so I put it
like on this like middle of the stairway
and it went up but it went up and I
started going sideways and it wasn't
even windy or anything and some lady was
walking with their head down on her
phone and the drone was literally like
two feet away from her head and she
didn't even notice so I pushed it up and
when I pushed it up it lost control or
maybe I lost control like I didn't know
what I was doing and they hit a freaking
pole
and it it broke I already fucked up guys
right yeah guess it's too windy it is
yeah rest in peace to the drone within
24 hours it broke and I was really
crapped out as you guys can see from
this footage right here so I took it off
and then I started moving it this way
but then the dumps lady started walking
right in front of it looking at her
phone
yes I get man everything happens for a
reason my dumb look I had so much space
to work with
no trees anything the lady started
walking right here as soon as I started
moving it she started walking looking
down the drone hit the thing fell right
behind her and she just keeps walking
without looking back like she had
but uh yeah man
so I don't have John anymore but I mean
it still works but the camera fell off
that's the only thing so I'm still going
to use it for the vid this video idea I
have and then I'm going to send it in so
I could get a new one so yeah I guess
I'm not meant to have a drone
you
you
you
hope all goes well I'm looking nervous
I found the Phantom 3 this is like the
basic one that all the youtubers use I'm
not going to get the professional
thinking about getting the standard just
because I don't need 4k
