you know with good guys so you're
probably wondering why I have this
electronic snake attached to me and
that's because I'm going to a sneaker
show right now Jamie got me on the list
so he told me to come through who'd be
good for some networking there's gonna
be a lot of big names in the sneaker
game they're one of my biggest goals is
to like start getting personally invited
to these sneaker events by whoever's
throwing them for instance like sneaker
con and all those other events because
you know I feel like we've pretty much
put our name out there in the sneaker
game so let me know if you guys would
like us to come to like sneaker con in
different cities in like that you know
what I'm saying
contact the owners let's see what we can
do let's show them how strong the crew
is and for the non sneaker heads like
the people that watch the channels not
for the sneaker content I want to
apologize I know there's a lot of
sneaker content going up on all three
channels right now but on the main
channel mostly I'm gonna start doing
other pranks and stuff like that I'm
just you know all my ideas are now are
based around sneakers cuz it's doing so
well so my apologies patience and new
pranks will come that don't involve
shoes okay with that being said let's
see how long we got to drive 41 minutes
knows a rut that I believe in I wanna
stow the laptop you all
right guys so the most important part
about going to like a sneaker show or
whatever make sure you bring some cash
all the Chaya alright guys so we're here
at Frank & Son collectible show let's
see what's going on here
there was something
yes
in fun
to become you I've been recording
you
so what I do
I will
I do
oh yeah
come feel this guy zombies ready to buy
stop around
yes I did it look so sorry so I
don't render blood
Thank You boss here right now
the plug is here do I look weird walking
around this I mean it's gonna be
dope ass footage
market where I eat now all the sudden
time
all of a sudden shout out to these guys
know what a kick great thank you watch
the stuff they care man the plugs over
here crash that up what's out of life
John outfit
the wood and
Hollywood Bowl you know this guy came up
to me he's the board's heart appreciate
you heart what are you gonna do with
them turn them into spaceship oh well
other and then just make all the logos
nice alright guys so I'm pushing out I
did not purchase anything which I'm
super surprised about but it was cool
meeting everybody having a great time it
was a dope event next time hopefully
when they have this here we can have our
own little booths and hopefully have
like a little meet-and-greet or
something like that
before I go home I decided to stop at
Best Buy and I'm thinking about getting
a drone so again I bought a drone a
couple months back and then I returned
it but I think we get a different
version out and they're a little bit
cheaper now so let's see I found the
Phantom 3
this is like the basic one that all do
youtubers use I'm not going to get the
professional thinking about getting the
standard just because I don't need 4k I
just need one 1080p so they will go with
the standard because it's half price is
only $500 which is really good so
hopefully they have it in stock and that
will pull the trigger
Katie nice that who just dropped off
fire video today in the snow in New York
City so go watch - it's amazing you all
right back there
all right guys successful trip to
Ralph's got my sandwich now it is time
to go home relax kick my shoes off and
watch the 2016 Royal Rumble alright guys
so the Royal Rumble match itself is
about to start it is a beautiful night
in LA watching it on my laptop it's kind
of like II which is pissing me off but
I'll be fine
so we got Roman reigns the world
heavyweight champion at number one one
AJ Styles number six
Jericho if you haven't already left this
blog because you think I'm a freakin
nerd for watching this then thank you 23
no Jordan Brock class yeah okay my
battery on the cameras getting hello so
I'm gonna pause so I stopped recording
myself watching the Royal Rumble because
I was starting to get a little pissed
off exactly what I predicted happened
and I was not happy with the results but
it is what it is so we'll see what
happens on Monday Night Raw
anyway I opened up the drone it's all
charged up I'm gonna test it out
tomorrow and like a true high beast that
I am I have to throw on the ovo logo on
there God you guys gonna flame me for
that but I throw on these colored
stripes too super excited to get this
thing goin tomorrow man I've logged
batteries literally about to die so
before does I want to say thank you guys
for watching hit that thumbs up hope you
guys enjoyed see you tomorrow
I rarely go out and stuff but you know
tonight I said you know imma go out girl
I'm gonna go out I have a good time with
the homies just rain is hosting this
little Apple event that's about to be
happy
