you know with good people I was about to
say what's good sneakerheads as if this
is a crew gigs video I'm getting
confused man three channels running
through channels is confusing you know
I'm saying anyway I'm at this private
mansion right now about to go inside and
do this video with one of the top
youtubers in the game you guys gonna you
guys ready for this man I've been
waiting to do this collab for a while
now so I'm super excited and this is his
house he's like one of the top dogs and
YouTube bought him this house right here
so let's find out who he is alright guys
so I'm about to shoot the biggest collab
of my career right now with one of my
favorite youtubers and this is his this
it's not your mansion you said one of
them one of them yeah okay guys you guys
ready for this let's just say clickbait
is too strong right now
so this is not actually as a mansion
this is where at USC right now this is
like the housing a UFC so is that what
you know put it right on I don't know
we'll see if we have nothing else to
better capture the title we're gonna put
that out to all the quick big
comment anyway win for Raymond it's good
man I'm tired love to cut though cuz we
can clean all I'm in neither one but the
Charles is picking this up guys happy
anniversary
Kobe Bryant 81 points oh yeah you're
like you're like what are you talking
like what anniversary you're supposed to
pick the picture oh yeah you did so it's
a great day now they need to drop the
damn shoes man this 81-point games shoes
yeah there was a rumor join him pack no
not the Jordan pack that's another one
but that shoes he wore during the 81
point game
there's only 81 pairs of those made day
but I know riff has a pair I want to go
look at it I just saw it on their IG but
anyway
I don't know what we were about to do so
we'll see alright guys so meat allowed
us there on the sushi hype right now
rush hour guys yeah yeah we're in the
same restaurant that was filmed in rush
hour part 4 right 505 there are five
Jack and Liam Neeson sucker
it was amazing but anyway when there
were no prominent appearance - train
wreck yeah I'm always on hive one
weekend sushi yeah whatever
buh-buh-buh-buh and if she
I was in New York the people want to
know yes oh feds are coming Shh
keep it low-key blossom the bed get
suspicious
damn it up don't you hate when you get
screen shot he's watching me 200 yeah
hello key I got arrested break yeah we
going to riff I got to pick up the Kyrie
so I bought I didn't buy him yet I just
told him to hold him for me because I
have to get cash so I'm getting him
today so I'm super excited
so sneaker shopping in LA with Kaiser
right now guys all the coffee shoes is
like home in a box
yeah put the letter exactly where's my
letter at you same with qu cakes at
100,000 what do you call this
the through these are like one of
my favorite Kobe's but these are so
expensive like the red laces one
thousand dollars fifty besides us use
those used to have these are my favorite
here this is my size I would get these
yeah I love these Pusha T's see I wanted
these at first no I don't want them
anymore because the black bears are
uncomfortable you know me I wear my
sneakers how these move or I call those
I call those put your woman on game
your first year for college is right
here look another one push that out to
the plug nobody come on Nike outlet
pickups if you like
Cuddy page Kenny to stop look at that
now hey why do you should have used this
outfit going out going out a tire new
episode wait you don't know you look
like
nah do you all see that she looks really
nice anyway words like what like so
clean you yeah dude I let myself get
grimy out here and now that ever since I
came down but we don't get back you to
it bro the reason is for fear because I
didn't have a consistent partner but I
think the laws guide to cut the Union
you guys I think yeah yeah what did you
tell him you just said you're gonna do
it or what I see Eddie could it you
think you are you need to cut ease
maybe I just I just wanna I just wanna
congratulate okay very much there's no
way for fired case we get Marky I'm not
gonna show you that BAM look at that fit
though or it go alright guys so you're
probably wondering why we're all right
you're probably wondering why I'm all
dressed up why we're all dressed up
right now yeah what you say right now
come here let's say he came in the video
oh yeah he's right here alright there's
voices voices boys guys earlier today we
reach we have three channels we just
tried and grow every single time we
trying to grow problems well yeah
I wrote a long thing on Instagram and
Twitter for you guys and if you don't
follow me go follow me and read it it's
from the heart
thank you guys to all my subscribers
that went to crew cakes and you guys for
all the love and all that hey you guys
put on me but I have to see if it's okay
I love it damn party thanks to some
truth you know what was I gonna say I
was gonna say something right now okay
you know you show your face I never go
out I read oh yeah I feel like I'm you I
rarely go out and stuff but you know
tonight I said you know I'm a go out
girl I'm gonna go out have a good time
with the homies just rain is hosting
this little app event that's about to be
happening right here so yeah we bout to
just have a good time
I don't know we gotta go
I heard about that
I think
got knocked in the face bro yeah please
Oliver feature
I'm gonna show you dead Stockman near
that price
