good morning guys so I'm starting my day
off at BMW and the first time I brought
my car into BMW since I moved to LA so
it's been a couple months overdue I got
to get some maintenance done definitely
need a car wash I'm the last guy that
should be talking about cars I'm not a
car guy at all as you guys can see
though hair it's cut and looking sleek
in so yeah about to just do this real
quick and then go grab some food and
head back home and go put in some work
man you guys could just see how I abuse
the car look at that like sunflower
seeds Mons like just trash like I need
to take care of this and look how dirty
this is like like this could be like
some type of animal pee or something
like what is that what okay so I just
got done uploading today's crew kicks
video which was the wine versus Drake
and if you guys came which was Wayne
versus Drake exclusive review and I'm
about to actually head to riff right now
to go do another review for today's crew
Cakes video for unreleased week it's a
just thinking that I really want and
yeah but we're going to do a review for
it and yeah I hope you guys did enjoy
unreleased week on crew cakes
big shout out to riff for letting me get
four of their unreleased pairs for you
guys a lot of people complain saying
that oh you're not even showing your own
shoes like I can only review my own
sneaker so many times you know what I'm
saying but with that being said I got a
question for you guys because we are
super close to a hundred thousand
subscribers on crew kicks it still
amazes me and it's hard for me to
believe that's why I haven't really been
making it a big deal but it is a huge
deal to reach a hundred thousand
subscribers in a month and 21 days no a
month or 21 days three months in 21 days
like that's insane to me and I've never
my other two channels didn't ever do
this well so it shows you how the
sneaker game and the sneaker audience
has affected QoP and Crew TV and crew
in such a short amount of time and being
able to do something I love and turn it
into a channel for you guys and you guys
are messing with this so thank you guys
but I want to know what you guys want me
to do for the 100 K special so next week
I think on Tuesday I'm gonna be
releasing the honey k special even
though we haven't hit it yet
we're like 2,000 subscribers away from
it but I'm pretty sure we're gonna hit
it this weekend so let me know what you
guys want me to do for the honey K
special episode my ubers outside so I'm
gonna leave outside but I was thinking
even though you guys have pretty much
seen every sneaker I have would you guys
like to see my entire collection in one
video for the Honda Kade special let me
know or do you guys think I should be
doing something else give me some ideas
let me know what you guys think I'm
about to go cuz my ubers outside so I
will see you guys outside
I walk into RIF and within 10 seconds I
find a sneaker that I want to buy into
shoe that I've been wanting for a minute
and I don't know if I should show you
I'm gonna show you all right guys back
again in the Rif offices I'm here so
much I should basically move in anyway
me and Jamie where we gonna be on Sunday
before the Royal Rumble because we gonna
be watching the Royal Rumble we'll talk
about our predictions for Royal Rumble
we're gonna be at franking Suns a little
focus either I'm gonna get the camera
Frank and Sons I can't read backwards as
I say lace locked and loaded
it's a it's a it's a sneaker event slash
other collectibles right well the
collectibles happen on Saturday but
we're doing the sneak around the first
time just to the boy Frankie jr. yeah
where's the address
it's in the point is by doing Disneyland
highlights but I can't find a dress on
here okay here's the here's the address
we're gonna be there
I know perfect pair is gonna be there
from the back the back these are all the
stores that are gonna be there perfect
pairs but I need to get stands to
sponsor me so I'm gonna be talking about
baby you got to do the talking for
standard spread he's the plug with the
deuce are you yeah gonna be there yeah
so he's on Brandon yeah yeah we'll be
there
I don't know if we're gonna be there all
day but we're definitely there for a
while because um we gotta make an
appearance but we leave in four Roma
that's your Auto rumba we'll be out so I
I don't know who's gonna win the Royal
Rumble but I have a prediction that
Roman reigns is obviously number 30
number one here and everyone Roman
reigns is number one and I feel like
number 30 or like number like the last
few numbers is gonna be the return of
Triple H even though he's long
I don't care Daniels coming up soon
thanks y'all I'm in Brock Lesnar should
face at WrestleMania if he comes back so
we're gonna be there I'm bringing out
cool stuff for the Rif booth or whatever
some things I've never seen before don't
expect that hype the hype no nothing
that comes through the stomach pull out
so if you expressly ban ones on the
table or royal ones you're not gonna see
there you go in the next booth but I'm
sure they'll probably have tons of those
but we're definitely gonna have some
heaters I never seen the Sun probably
before the Sun listen no Phoenix your
Phoenix and I got no comment man this is
just way too much bro way too much
sometimes
auntie's hella rare alright guys i'ma
show you guys some shoes i'ma show you
five shoes you pick the one if you had
to pick one which one did you take would
you take raging bull fives that hell
custom joining fours Black History Month
LeBron nines chopper Christmas KD fours
easy rosh ones they were at one point
one plate for 500 i guess it went down
alright guys so we are back here
chilling talking about some cool kicks
power balls
tyrese all stones yeah those are nice
we're trying to start
so basically we're starting a new series
on crude cakes and we're trying to get
other people on it but unfortunately
some people who are high in the game
want some money to be on the channel
we're not gonna say names but no you
just gotta show me you know sometimes
you gotta spend money to make money
it's business oh I'm not even mad at him
I'm not or her I'm no matter
I would do the same thing if I was on
there lovely I was age yeah we're
cooking guys chef curry with the risen
yeah we didn't you know I just don't
want I just don't want cupcakes to be me
sitting in my room unboxing shoes every
single day you know how long did that
last before people get sick of it you
know so we're just trying to think of
dope stuff game shows really like we
want to make it into yeah we don't want
to treat it like a third channel we want
it to be like a main sneaker channel you
know we're trying to get it to the half
a million subscribers that would be dope
by the end of this year I think we can
hit half a million subscribers on
cupcakes no there's no sneaker channel
that has a million subscribers you know
not even close to a million on my main
channel a million in the year where we
are with 98 what roughly hundred
thousand and three months so let's see
if we get a hundred thousand every three
months but the first two months were
really good this last month was like
mediocre for cou cakes I'm not gonna lie
cuz the first you must be put out more
than just reviews and we did like
off my selling shoes on the street you
did like parodies but Harris not here
for the parodies and so we need to
get back to that so we'll get back to
that for you guys so stay tuned no
there's 500,000 dead look last night
it's these two guys who do a lot of
performance reviews what would people
want me to do all my crew kicks viewers
I said I love me thank you turning 30 I
you know just good things happening good
in my life shots of the girl that keeps
me up
Oh perk up Jake why cut probably drink
feature everybody's telling me to do a
future make a review of his mixed people
actually think that I'm not back like
with you in this channel do they
know I'm like the brains behind
everything
yeah guys Jamie writes all my jokes all
the hellos he writes him I look damn
roof got the elephant parents ceilings I
even noticed that Jane this is some nice
little sneaker what do you think about
2016 spaceships
that's a rumor to me like whatever's
Space Jam so now my favorite tester swag
but they're not my favorite I don't even
think then top three in the Levin
section I think the coppers number one I
think the legend at number two probably
number three has to be the bread but the
bread and legend kind of switch off
sometimes on my book but basically
whatever's a lot more know the facts
about the fact though he knows the best
during 11 of all time is the pantone 11
I'm just kidding I'm kidding
that's right dude that she won he
doesn't have a no not to be shit's fired
guys it's fine
so just sit here for five minutes
waiting for the elevator and they notice
limit
so I'm waiting for BMW to call me
they're supposed to close in like 40
minutes and they haven't called me yet
so I'm gonna call them and see what's
going on with my car because they didn't
tell me I needed a loaner
and I might not have a car for the rest
of the night
get some shots so BMW finally called me
there was a problem with my passenger
airbag they got to keep the car
overnight and they don't have any loaner
cars available until this weekend so I'm
carless for the next day and almost got
hit by a car so go look
damn you unpatient ass mother ah so I
just got done like cleaning my room
getting my laundry ready to do tomorrow
you know basic living stuff come on top
in front of me but to start doing some
YouTube watching watching YouTube videos
oh yeah let's check how many subscribers
we got on crew cakes guys because we're
very very close to hundred thousand less
than 1500 subscribers away from a
hundred thousand so that means we're
about to hit a hundred thousand on the
third channel that's three channels with
a hundred thousand that is insane dude
that is I honestly don't know what I can
do to thank you guys I appreciate every
single one of you guys that have
subscribed to crew cakes and if you
haven't go subscribe guys let's hit that
hundred K by this weekend it is Friday
for you guys so happy Friday and let's
make it a good Friday man let's make it
one for the history books let's see if
we can hit a hundred thousand today if
we can I'll do something special for you
guys man I'll figure it out I'll do
something all three channels at a
hundred thousand it's incredible man
it's really incredible to have such a
great team imma call you guys a team and
so great to have you guys as a team have
my back and support everything I do with
the launch of this channel and it was
kind of like taking a risk like my other
two channels you know they weren't even
doing good you know and then I launched
a third one and for some reason all
three of them just started you know
building and the audience was growing
and it's incredible man so thank you
guys to all the new subscribers all the
old subscribers and all the future
subscribers
oh man I'm so excited man this lighting
is on fleek as well that's it man see
you guys tomorrow
stay up stay bus stay working stay
grounded follow me on instagram because
I never promote my Instagram on here so
that's right there all right the money
