congratulate that she oh my fix up my
nigga she who this is false advertising
low gets the gold on there and then the
RCP throws blue on here but it says
Chris politician I reminded saying you
can see Pete Rios like a bootleg guy but
you can look on the inside let's look I
have no idea who that is from Star Wars
if you guys know this guy comment down
below I have no idea this is your price
is way too high you need to Cuddy oh wow
fix this up and get a haircut today
for sure get out to LA oh don't
lose a shout-out Leigh for giving me a
ticket so about to go grab some grub
with the homies right now and see what
the day takes is I'm done with all my
work for the day filming won't take
place until tomorrow so I'm chilling get
the hang out you know maybe go do some
shopping see what's good
alright guys so we just came to Westwood
about to grab some sushi
oh all of a sudden he's into sushi what
did you hear about tuna I heard about
that
wait I'm tuna chicken I heard about a
200 this guy over here what is this why
you pulling out a book oh yeah dudes be
like studying law before I get on a
flight to England there are guys cut off
my mom's over here cut it off check this
out y'all cally tempura rolls your boy
got put on my mr. Fogg himself thanks
for putting me on gee kid game is strong
at Urban Outfitters y'all damn Gucci
flip-flops Urban Outfitters always has
dope things but their prices are just
way too steep
you know what I'm saying I mean I know
that
it's a Frankie where's the easiest
another world
alright guys so walking around Santa
Monica I ran into a fan say what's up
y'all
what's up man how you doing I'm big fan
of your work to you make youtube videos
as well huh yeah this you know here and
there hold on fat I gotta put my hood
because you know I don't want to look
crazy in my hair let's be hella sauce
right now anyway bruh house how's
business business is booming as you can
see I got something to eat
I congratulate it watching sure after
that you on a honey cake oh thank you so
much we made it to the top it means a
lot what I've done without me World Tag
Team Champions coming soon or what hey
you guys don't know we're caught again
we're about to do some classic shoutout
to Rikishi - Rikishi fat wait just wait
on it bro 7:30 so let's eat and then
let's go to the markdown play the easy
can use the game and let's see I'm
feeling a good training you know there's
a good chance damn love is in the air
our success in their success in the wall
with blue major key huh maybe a few man
we're gonna try to win again but we got
some switch ups though three Easy's
shattered backboards Supremes Chicago
shadows or low key I want the shadows
right maybe such a shout-out is stupid
anyway the walking foot
is to party I wasted for 20 yards
machine I must still go until I wake to
one additional washer get it all over
the shutters you got to line it up in
the bottom but you go to the top you
know
James come with me
Oh
looks like we're down $160
 alright guys so look we had another
unsuccessful trip at the arcade alright
guys so call it a night
and not today wasn't the best vlog in
the world but you know still tried to do
what I could fire kicks you're not
yelling Oh Fran what's the hottest shoot
on the block right now mother's shoe on
the blocks are what tomorrow fruitcakes
be sure to watch Stan you're gonna be
right now to watch it unless you're
under lease week Sam release new guys
we'll see you guys tomorrow that she hit
that thumbs up make sure you guys watch
go to watch what everyone say oh crap
almost forgot man we bout to hit 100k on
crude cakes this week hopefully so can
happen this week yeah hopefully happens
this week we're at 96 thousand in just
three months and light what happened
with David what year is week month is in
twentieth twenty two twenty three months
and 20 days make it happen y'all
fruitcakes
I don't cut it Oh shouts out to the
wooden table specify what the plug means
it doesn't mean discount in the supplier
right right I'm a super cool barber
there's no promo code guys are just if
you look at me
