so as you guys can tell from yesterday's
vlog I just got back from the airport
where I just left the airport I just got
back from the bay I just grabbed some
Panera Bread because I needed to get
some food in my system because I know
I'm gonna be at home editing for the
rest of the morning it's currently 8
a.m. what is upon us what's gonna happen
today I don't know but let's get it
crackin y'all guys so check it out
guess what I did drink 1/8 of a cup face
of pays like his water famous Beverly
Hills sign you guys if you are bougie as
hell this is where you come when you
come to LA and take a picture there and
post it on the gram alright guys so I'll
keep it quick with the update for today
so I went home I fell asleep until 12
o'clock finish I'm editing the vlog
uploaded the vlog it's currently
uploading and now I'm on the way to the
gym to go meet up with the homies to go
play some basketball
so on this Sunday we are getting healthy
and getting some cardio in by playing
basketball and I'm really excited
because starting today I'm gonna try to
get some physical activity in every
single day so all the people laughing at
me making fun of me saying and start my
diet last week yes I did it
but I've been watching what I eat and
that's mostly I think that's the most
important thing to me right now is just
making sure I don't eat junk food not
starting a diet but making sure I don't
drink soda and making sure I don't eat
pizza and ice cream all right guys
so we are at the basketball gym the
highlighter himself the highlight
highlight highlighter highlight reel
make the highlight highlight reels how
to make some yeah the undefeated watch
us win tonight okay oh they made it guys
honey cake if you haven't subscribed to
their channel they subscribe cannot be
done without this guy's help so much
from the beach so we bought the hoop
right now guys and you know I have a lot
of speakers in my collection Oh with
your own but I've been wearing these
every single other day
BAM shout out to shout shout outs and
sports
so we just got done hooping guys good
runs good runs man
it felt good it's already dark now and
you know there's always those people
that you play against who you just want
to beat so bad
the last game these freakin five guys
they were like five guys who always play
together there's always that one group
of guys you know what up guys so I
didn't really do anything
all day so that's why I tase fall just
super short
I mean I claimed kind of the guys bet
anyway I want you guys to do me a favor
so one of my good friends at Greece he
created an app called journey basically
to some of the app simply as possible
it's a combination of all other social
medias all in one you post a video I
think the limit is 45 seconds instead of
people replying with a comment or
leaving a comment on the video they
replied with their own video creating a
conversation that is public to everyone
and people can chime in and join the
conversation so it works for all
different types of categories you can
make different types of categories and
things like that so it's super dope
download the app follow me and later
this week I will be doing a giveaway for
some sneakers through that app so it's
journey the link to download is in the
description box no I'm not getting paid
for this
this is just me helping out and
supporting one of my good friends who's
chasing his dream and who has an amazing
vision and I believe in his vision so
I'm supporting him in his next level and
I can tell you guys that it's like it's
like basically having your own reality
show so so check it out the description
box is where you can find a link to
download it it will take you right to
the App Store
I'm here two of the hottest speaker
companies in the game crew kicks fire
have come together we're going to the
dunk exchange there's only an hour left
before it closes we were originally
supposed to do a prank there but since
we only have an hour we decided not do
it we'll save it for another day you
know they're not ready for it ready for
the Potter this yeah what's up y'all
yeah what is this easy season with you
guys man I got smoked retained I'm gonna
go to these sneaky nights man see if
they want to trade with yg West yeah
what about you are you rocking with
studied on the viewers yeah we keep it
black pirate black
wait a minute fire cakes woodsy Easy's
you gotta i got the oreo easy easy there
are sample so you see them a lot
somebody might try to buy those off your
feet low-key so far case tell ma they
just decrease the value of the easy step
this is gonna be deep you see this spot
right here I know how sneakerheads think
then when they see this they messing
with you because they know your greasy
ass hands touched it and they don't stop
all of a sudden found me alright guys so
I got something finally deal of the day
for need all their job shout out to this
guy right here
thank you think you want to promote the
questions that you sell on there yes
alright guys
Negro jails right here yeah you got
these on his account for $48 getting say
wassup which sneakers are yours hey
start out young man businessman
entrepreneur y'all what do you think all
you gonna say believe Doernbecher damn
fire kicks nose no he really know you
stop he surprisingly when I go on
YouTube while I see suggested suggestion
video it's all sneaker shoes right there
these ones check this out $40 $40 so you
know they're all
chill cuz you know you buy and retail at
the wholesale and then you flip on for
fifteen hundred thousand profit arches
thing is when you look at me you know if
you just for sure but the thing is in
order to get in you have to give up a
coat of coaches fire kicks just to the I
just helped sell fire kick sent you and
then uh closes at 3:00 who's gonna ride
a subway how you apply for still drives
you
yeah Yolo draw this again
oh all right guys walking in here with
no intentions to buy anything but the
man came through again he's had been
known to be the plug all right but let
me specify what the plug meet that
doesn't mean discount it means the
supplier right if you looking for
something he'll find it but anyway I'm
just going to show you guys the box and
then I'm gonna do a review next week on
fruitcakes because this week is
unreleased we may keep it with you guys
and basically two days were put into
this vlog as you guys can tell it was a
good day today
I bought two shoes probably about
any but got some good prices you guys
will be seeing reviews on those on crew
cakes next week because this week is
parity week so check those out and
speaking of crew cakes I know I've been
uploading super late every day but
that's gonna change because I'm sick of
doing that so starting today the video
will be up before 2 o'clock my time and
the vlogs will be up early as well
before noon probably like 11 or 12 I
think I want to do I'm not gonna give
you guys it exact time but trying to get
them up try to get the vlog up at 12 or
earlier and get the crew cake so before
2 o'clock so I'll keep it with you guys
I know I didn't upload a main channel
video for the past two Sundays but this
Sunday I'm gonna keep it lit and upload
a very funny main Channel video I'll
hype it up more once I start filming it
actually so we don't that and then I
need a haircut tomorrow cuz this is
getting grimy and this is getting grimy
and Wednesday I'm doing some next-level
stuff so Wednesday
just stay tuned because I like you bit
it anyway
I didn't go to sleep I still have a bed
frame because I choose not to keep it
the big news Harris is getting married
no waves and oh you did a beautiful many
people what
