she'll talk for Mickey Mouse
good morning guys hope everyone's having
a great day or it might be afternoon
depending on when I upload this so today
is the big day the big announcement that
I was telling you guys about
I'm currently headed back home to the
Bay Area for the day I'm going to a
party and in this party you'll find out
what the big news is it involves someone
from the crew I'm headed to the airport
I barely brought anything just one
duffel so no sneakers either I didn't
bring any shoes we made it back home to
the bay so yeah I'm just waiting for my
brother-in-law to pick me up and then uh
go get some food and then
go home and then we have about four
hours until tonight's festivities so
yeah Grammy inspired LeBron 12
representing when I reached a hundred
thousand subscribers in 2015 on my main
channel and now we at 200k so I'm about
to go grab some food for my family
restaurant say wassup to my pops got a
few hours - gotta go so I gotta get
ready
unfortunately I wasn't able to get a
haircut which sucks cuz my barber was
all booked
taking my sister's car so I'm in that
Honda Accord
this ain't no fish my friend come on now
there it is your family restaurant if
you're ever in Fremont come to the oven
on kebab house the Afghan Allen kebab
house we have two of them here in
Fremont one of them is the bigger
surround the other one is like to go
restaurant and did to go on his clothes
because there was like a fire in there
last year so we had it closed for a
while but the big ones open if you want
some the best kebab in the world free
promo for my family
yeah I'm about to go see my little
cousins right now because I miss them I
miss my family it feels weird being here
it's so quiet
I never realized until right now how
quiet is it is here and maybe that's
just because I've gotten used to the LA
life like I opened my window and I hear
people fighting a hare cars honking I
hear gunshots
no I'm just kidding oh here just but
I've seen some crazy stuff outside my
window I'll tell you that it means me
yeah look mom yeah
look here I can do this look look he
destroyed me
yeah we just keep upgrading out here
bruh now we are end up hot class hot
fashion Prius doing it live
fuel-efficient for all them holes you
know I'm saying just kidding are you
guys ready for this big news I think you
guys are ready for this big news
let's find out what this big news is
look at the lose it million dollars yeah
I'm Wanda Casey Casey nicely I know my I
know about that guy scram okay so I
haven't told them what's going on yet
you want to give him a 102 letter but
what's going on okay oh this is we're
gonna almost walk there they don't know
okay I think I'm sort of yeah
sometimes in life you don't need
someone's and unfortunately hairs
couldn't marry Burger King so he is a
having to get married to a human being
so that's already there so getting
engaged
what's up stand up femme let's see the
outfit 20,000 likes for kidding funny
doesn't look right Oh a boyfriend okay
hi guys so um that's the big news Harris
is getting married no way and oh you did
no we're ordering pizza what waiting
good yeah I don't think
I think he meant it with jocasta new
repeatin we engage the penis it's a
prank that's what I got oh my god I'm so
confused it's a prank guys surprised you
over here for pizzas okay I got to see
you
million-dollar smile guys million-dollar
smile hey don't play continues you're
gonna get them mr. bean theme song -
didn't Buddha love cheesecake real late
at night
big announcement Harris is getting
married this is the first step is not
the engagement haven't seen this in life
unless it coming soon so I go you guys
say the people found Pam I did say be a
cache copy yep
does it look like we love you give ammo
100g bring it back
like a tree fan you always got a color
down
what a return fab fab II just came from
the Oscars or what I gave you for prom
well I think I might take ice to prom so
let's do it
more ready
let's just say what happens in the
bathroom stays in the bathroom it's
going
outside of do interviews well I just
want to tell you a really good
I'm fired on unity sir okay
anyway guys we're here at the after
party and it's turn make some noise damn
how does it feel gee I said the FIFA
title you sold all your hey did my first
ball yeah you have your party tonight I
did and now it's over
I don't have any shoe store except these
one what are those 55 terrible times
have you wanna play see where it's all
she wrote
now it's next engagement engagement
party especially coffee we're gonna sell
merchandise yes I'm so worried and
Harrison's gonna be on the front really
good yeah hey hey how are you here
personally dong zhuo any last words
perfect
that's right in the night I love
Diesel's Oh a $2.00 weird dance but you
know Diddy where is e1 Oh Stephen five
months guys all right guys so we're here
at the FIFA tournament of 2016 life Yama
is losing - I'm waiting
I play next game and I'll be the best
good pet
Adam is winning we the best say another
how's it going for you another best not
knowing the one day they don't want you
to play fifa
you don't want you to play people
because you guys suck at it
