you know it's funny man
I put those fishy T's on and then I
noticed you guys are right they do look
like a lunch lady shoe so I ticked them
off because one they don't look that
great on feet to get really
uncomfortable and three my hood is on
backwards
all right guys but seriously the shoes
were super uncomfortable
it looks so wide from the view like
sometimes you just throw on a shoe and
you're like yo this shoe does not look
good on me I have kind of wide feet so I
didn't like the way it looked on me I
don't know if we keep them anymore I
don't know what I'm gonna do with them
but I mean I just like to shoot adults
you know fell over wear them so is it
worth keeping stay tuned and find out
all of a sudden guys all of a sudden how
all of a sudden how to wear boots how to
cut his hair how do i Easy's ha ha all
of a sudden I brought you something yeah
I love his good idea this for you this
for me I know you like come on this is
actually extra-large you go love of
extra-large
alright guys so everybody's back
together while goals scored goals I
heard about that
nothing anymore anonymous so every I'm
done
sayings here he has I heard about it
anymore guys Wow why you guys so mean to
him in the comments who looked at in the
last video because yeah I did call them
Shane's turd they call them a nice matte
red oh yes let me say your that
nonnamous best oh yeah dad I'm down for
though I actually like that because I
like the mouth alright well there you go
I heard about that anonymous mask anyway
guys we are going to get Chipotle shouts
out to Chipotle someone go let's run go
somewhere else
okay not a joke sorry they're so sorry
go meet mr go meet someone you know take
an Xbox not taking Xbox something much
away
I was bad Oh
oh my what a wonderful time ministers up
for the bow side oh shut it down
okay so we just got the riff LA I'm
gonna start filming out here because I'm
preparing for next week so next week on
crew cakes I would like to announce is
going to be C I like to do these themed
weeks you know what I'm saying we had
the uh you don't even
we had the parody week a few weeks ago
so next week we're gonna do some next
week down to the DM z-- week no no
that's the weekend
okay that's later no you should see this
Cup I get in my DMS though oh really
people offered me some crazy shoes and
stuff but don't you hate it when they
get screen shot I hate it reach Aspen I
hate it when I get some person anyway um
next week is going to be unreleased week
so we're gonna be doing a whole bunch of
reviews on a whole bunch of sneakers
that are unreleased either coming out or
before seen like they've been seen in a
place I would yeah I never been reviewed
your next video takes to the next level
baby so we're always next on some stuffs
gonna be coming out some stuff will
never be coming out but crew kicks
brings it to you alright guys so we are
currently filming in the riff offices
for unreleased week and here's just a
quick preview of some of the stuff
you're gonna see that's all I'm gonna
show them you don't tease them like that
bro there we go the size of the box I
strap never see the size that like
that's what she said
shot to the plug until
really on the play so we couldn't bust
out the cameras but Loki can I say we
were say what and be a poor we were
kicking it with your kacl's you were
just kicking it with the NBA player from
the Sacramento Kings burger that's all I
say I couldn't film or anything but he
was just chillin so it's cool man a rift
life series you look skinny I want where
you have a fuzzy thing on top of that
camera because I cut my pubes and I'm
just kidding it prevents win look at
this stuff they got back here man it's
incredible I don't even know if I'm
supposed to be showing you guys this
stuff but I love you guys so you're
although check this out man
ridiculous crazy sneaker collection I
call it a collection because it's owned
by brick here's the thing to me this is
a collection because it's owned by riff
who obviously oh that shoe right there
I love the shoe I need to look at this
so you just find random in here
honey
and even open eyes the rival causes this
world guys we want to do well if we're
not gonna hoop now I'm not gonna go
change but no don't you mataji ya have
to edit Wow so don't you ever go home
yeah I gotta go home guys have to go
home these are the Tony Parker hyper
dunks man freakin crazy
TP logo I love these these are so sexy
oh and be alive bruh these are crazy
look at that look at that
exclusives for ya music Tony Parker
how much do you think this whole room is
worth fill easily in the millions
millions
million-dollar sneaker collection I
would say but the same million-dollar
secret collection
all right what's up guys so we're
currently walking to the girl right now
I mean watch us some guys damn what's up
guys about a link up with other guys cuz
we had to go home so I could edit and we
were doing work BAM we were doing work
TV by truTV doing work next week is
going to be levels but to say no
staircase we did enough work for the
night I think we should take the rest of
the night off
row don't you just I don't get it man
like don't you just hate it what we will
be screenshots hahaha I do make a joke I
just know it
it's been a minute but I'm back at the
Grove um the Christmas tree is gone the
vibes are different take it down
probably like right after New Year's oh
wow
y'all never seen it go that high stop I
swear to God what is this world of color
this is a real brother Sophie so nice
huh yeah we should go to Disneyland soon
honestly guys in the summer time we're
trying to plan a tour and then we want
to all live in a house together for a
month and make it into like a reality
location we can have confession yeah
and have our own little you know what
I'm saying like I'm gonna shake Oh so
hopefully we can make that happen
depending on everyone's schedules but I
think that would be pretty dope man all
of a sudden watch us what Sophia no it
was good what you guys say was good boy
yeah vlogs yes sir so we just got done
eating Maggiano's I had a very light
chicken parmesan it was on the lighter
menu only 600 calories six really good
ABS concentration just know that I the
old me would have got the fettuccine
alfredo with 1500 surely I wouldn't ask
you about this yeah not a problem
the only would have got the fettuccine
alfredo which was 1500 calories but you
know and then another major key water
guys no soda no soda
everybody's on their phone so I'm just
busy she water has business
Moomin alright guys so we're at
Nordstrom and they got like new
colorways of the Balenciaga organized oh
okay oh oh yeah Thank You Man hey shout
out to the homies oh yeah so like I was
saying guys so there's some new colors
of the Balenciaga arenas and
I'm on the edge of getting another pair
I have two already but either the gray
or the beige what fam pick one which one
would you go I go too shiny ones well
this is like the Jordan 3 elephant print
right yeah that's it
these are sick that's exactly thing
throwing me off is this story you don't
know about the deleted footage is that
one of those game that mean yeah dude we
should disguise it oh my I don't know
what I do I'm want them because there's
a Jordan elephant crack baby boomers or
Jordans man oh my god anyway the beige
or the grey I'm probably gonna end up
getting one later this week so damn it's
tempting but the price tag is expensive
shout-out to sneaker head in the bay
with this Tiffany color to Valencia guys
I might have to send up a pair to
customize man alright guys so we just
got to earth cafe I don't know what
we're doing here Bobo's a way I'm gonna
give up Oh boss I don't know actually I
don't know if I'm allowed to give up
football oh yeah I got a I got a proof
of my yeah my personal trainer has the
proof of it this place is crackin with
like Middle Eastern so we fit right in
and
was looking at me because I'm blogging
so on us we don't say where we are you
shout out to the puzzle
oh you doing something right you doing
something right you doing something
right and that's the end of the video
like what 1 a.m. 1 a.m. order my mothers
are you for the moment eligible hit me
to tell me she get off at 10:00 coming
out Mason you get off again gotta go to
the bay tomorrow haven't even booked my
ticket but about to do it because we got
some big news coming I want to thank you
guys for watching today's vlog make sure
you hit that thumbs up if you enjoyed it
we'll see you guys tomorrow for sure
5 true family god us goes goodbye and
let me get in this car fam
Oh God and that's a wrap any last words
you
I like essays man I hope you have a safe
travel safe trip thumbs up before I
leave back sooner than you think unless
you say ha ha ha monday we're gonna be
at the dunk exchange right oh yes sir
yes where we going okay what's the
living crap no we're going to orbit
I'm not going on Montego gonna get
reject all cooking over huh okay and
tell me the way and that's it guys bye
guys we'll see you guys later okay stop
we did a fake kiss like a million times
like three suspects right here I guess
well everybody gonna feel left out
