I just got off the shower right now
I'm but booty naked I want to show you
guys how I pick my outfits like what
shoes I decide to wear with what outfits
I'm currently getting ready for my event
in Riverside California major key so
originally I was going to undies these
for today's show but I have to keep
these DS and you'll find out why next
week why I have to keep these DS so put
those back in for today you know my next
option was definitely a pair of mister
Kanye West's sneakers we got a few
options here but we're going to go with
the first colorway I haven't performed
in these yet and I think they will be
pretty cool to perform with and I
haven't warm in a minute either so
turtledoves it is so we're going to go
with the turtledoves now I got to decide
what pants and yeah you know I'm just
going to wear my black jeans that I
always wear so these ones right here
people always think I wear the same
jeans but I actually have three pairs of
black jeans that I rotate so I don't
always wear those freakin biker ones but
I'm gonna go with these jeans right
there so that's that not sure if my
underwear matters but supreme boxer
briefs
now with the easies the shoe itself is a
bold statement you want to keep your
outfit a little simple I'm probably
going to go with this red and black
flannel shirt and layer it on top of a
plain shirt yeah this would be perfect
to top it all off because I haven't got
a haircut
we're going to wear a hat and no we're
not going to wear the ovo hat not going
to wear a RRIF hat five pillars we're
going to wear this one right here we're
going to wear the five pillars BAM
and this my friends is how I would dress
with the easies cool sounds good alright
guys so all dress outfit is complete I
heard about that actually nothing more
would you what you're working with that
much what I'm working with I got the
Jaspers on oh no you know no joggers
today no joggers see that I couldn't
find my black pants oh I do work with me
these are old-school black pants I only
like them but let's just say the cat
told my black juice
really oh this guy came dressed better
than all of us so we got the Craig Sager
pants on so we're about to grab some
food before we head to a Riverside which
is like an hour 30 Drive probably gonna
be like a two-hour drive because of
traffic and we're gonna grab some
which--which grub and then we are gonna
head out so let's eat alright guys so
just got
my which which these guys are still
eating do my job
all right guys major key we stopped at
the grocery store real quick before we
had because we had a long drive major
key when it comes to events you got to
have that gum because you talk to people
you talk to people you can't have that
stank breath you know I'm saying major
key second major key there is like no
how long
it's prank Bell major key super me it's
cool bamboo cool it's cool didn't mean
to our huh no no okay
major key alright let's go I got what I
wanted so I'll admit it alright
yesterday said I was gonna go to my Fit
foods I said I was going to go on my
ride and I did it and I'm eating candy
but I had it sandwich so it's not that
bad but tomorrow's a new day
tomorrow's the start of the grind
tomorrow
it's always tomorrow but yesterday you
said today hey I hit the gym though I
hit the gym yeah I'm proud of you found
I got it I'm not proud of myself I'm not
disappointed yeah I was working I was up
since 7:00 a.m. editing and YouTube
takes freaking eight hours to upload my
vlog now so YouTube is to blame youtube
if YouTube thought you could fly yeah
dad YouTube is the reason why I can't
get healthy but anyway I didn't know
when to tell you guys this but major key
this weekend this weekend is probably
the biggest news in keopi name through
history isn't it it is that it is the
biggest hugest
a lot of horse yeah a lot of hearts will
be broken this weekend you guys will
find out on Sunday I'm going back to the
bay Saturday and Saturday there's
something going on and then Sun in
Sunday's vlog which will be from
Saturday you guys are going to find out
some huge crazy news I'm not even trying
to hype it up just for high purposes
this is freaking huge like I don't know
for losing someone I don't know someone
if someone came out with some new news I
never know something happened someone
came back what do you think about it I
just said it good I'm cool and I just
wish I got a call before to let me know
just it just happened so fast I find out
someone else yeah what about you I
actually got a text so damn alright guys
so Sunday you guys gonna find out some
huge news so stay tuned for Sunday's
clog addiction long I know what costs
probably got caught up you should try to
steal it no this guy was he went up to
the worker with eating the doughnut you
know where the food snacks are and the
guys like what he said you know where
their food snacks are no free will
caught what cost
hashtag free would cost alright guys so
we finally made it to the event two and
a half hours later but we're on time so
it's good to go and let's see how the
vibe is today you know I'm saying will
there be crickets in the audience or
will it be live I don't know this is the
first time we're performed usually the
skit is me and Harris but we've got fire
kicks tonight so should be dope so let's
see how it goes
Oh baby
this also came on the wrong path back to
Taco Bell to me times available Appel
way up there we already give a little
shout out just got either one that rap
on stage you need to follow wif official
on YouTube
mr. Chu 16 Instagram check now yes sir
check Ohio then you want to be the
blog's open wide in order to say so
thank you for the support brother yeah
it's the homies birthday tomorrow
sup bro hey I want to give a shout out
to a soos he wanted to come buddy
couldn't make it to see at work
hey bro that's it alright man well happy
early birthday and check this out come
on you got the Platinum hover env
anything follow me okay not really shout
out to drink video underscore underscore
save the number hi guys so rant is how
karaoke lounge and fire kicks about to
go right now let's go home Monday
everything I love kitty well everybody
knows that feels left out girl got me
down you got me stressed out and
everything but left the pity you
all right guys so what a time it was a
great day man a great show shout out to
everyone in Riverside that came through
in Sunday like I said we've got some
huge news so stay tuned
that's what is that guys you call me
room service or old Rome kind of so
nasty good morning thank you for calling
