alright guys on the lighting in here it
is so on fleek we're in New York
it's our last day were packing Harris is
in the room on the phone and he bought
these new talent dipping sticks but he
said they were nasty so he gave it to me
so I'm gonna put the Nutella on the
toilet him pretend that I crapped on the
toilet look at my bed look at this guy
hey guys what is that
do you know how to take a shit what oh
that's what is that chi-su room service
roll room kind of so nasty good morning
thank you for calling Roland this is the
operator cross speaking of a insist you
hello call um I was wondering what
outside that's so nasty you guys huh
every plant this is you know
what up guys so I'm in Chicago right now
just left New York City this is our
little layover hour and a half layover
in chat down and I look like crap
shoutout to RTD to all-stars have Austin
I've seen Star Wars the new Star Wars
twice you've only seen it once and take
up the finger pad I feel congested right
now I need to blow it okay oh shit bro
we're about to get jumped off squad bro
his pants are so tight my little sister
called she wants your pads back soon
you're okay right now yeah he's all
those to fuck shit on our videos yeah
yes thank you
hi guys so we just got on our plane
fortunately I'm seated next to the worst
passenger on this damn flight I
requested a change but they wouldn't
approve of it but luckily this seat is
open so
another sweater guys but I only brought
this one with me to New York so keep
going
that ourselves a five-hour flight
Bashara we got TVs tonight Jamie Jamie
is with aunty right now so he is not see
Indian
you know mittens
I don't mean this is a good friend of
mine the gold stitch I don't know maybe
this is phantoms fruit
I wish I knew drink
and we're back in San Francisco guys
show this guy's still half-asleep bro
you slept the whole flight I was up
working we working I'm ready to go to LA
but I got one anyway so guys I just got
off my third flight of the day I was in
New York to Chicago Chicago Oakland okay
no I can't talk about what I hate cuz
and my personal changes in the Amana my
diet starts tomorrow anyway New York to
Chicago Chicago to Oakland and then I
thought I was gonna stay and open for
the day in the bay yeah doesn't stay in
the bay for a day but then I realized
that this Thursday I have an event in
Riverside so I need to come out here so
I can practice for the show with Ahmed
and yg oh then we found out that yg has
school so he can't even go so it just
means I'm performing so this Thursday if
you're in Southern California Riverside
come through and we're gonna get it lit
and then shout out to this guy for
picking me up
not only is he the shoe connect he is
the ride connect so he's we're friends
brother
yo big chart coming soon might have his
own power source bad just know Big Talk
Big Talk hey it was an amazing day for
the young boys but I got a gift for you
oh there's a we on vacation you know he
get gifts that one cuz we got you a new
one
Thank You fitted but this one is a 2000
world - yeah I don't know what that it
has to work with the fucking of the
wrong size that's the size you say take
it to the damn employee and be like no
bro I said you got Jeter he's like he
laughed at me who is this I guys so we
go grab some food him call it a night yo
cuz I got a lot of work sup guys so it's
currently almost 6 o'clock today is
probably the most unproductive day I've
had in the past three months because
I've been pushing and I've been working
every day but today I just felt down and
I had a headache and I couldn't got out
of bed even though I went to a meeting
today which was freakin crazy but you
guys will find out more about that next
week I just feel so unproductive today
even though I did laundry as well it's
just as far as like work and stuff like
that but anyway I'm picking up the vlog
camera finally and we are gonna work on
something so let's go one thing about me
is I love Apple products you guys know
that um I don't know if you guys know
that I don't think I've ever talked
about it but I love Apple laptops this
is my baby this is where I edit
everything on this is the reason why you
guys are able to watch me it's because
of this thing right here and I have one
sticker on it I don't like to
overdue too much and put like stickers
all over and things like that I've just
had this one ovo Aulani but I want to
switch it up and I want to add something
so I'm going to kind of dark I want to
add the hotline bling sticker but I want
to crop out the Apple logo to still be
there so let's see if it works
I'm all done and he's back there return
dad hi guys what's the hot issue on the
block right now fam that people have
missed you they need to know what's
going on
now hottest you on the block right now
are the to be announced all right guys
so me and fire kicks are practicing our
skit for tomorrow show and you guys are
watching this actually so if you're in
Riverside make sure you guys come out to
our event we're gonna be performing
hanging out with you guys having a good
time telling you the resale value on the
kids you're wearing always always know
what I'm saying if you're in SoCal if
you're free for the day it starts at
6:00 p.m. and we're gonna be there until
like I don't know tow it in so alright
guys so we got some special guests yo yo
yo what up y'all feel the camera so guys
I got these new wind
blockers shoutout to KC he suggested it
from Roman so different youtubers are
all using this thing so I got it to so
that it can block out the wind so I hope
the audio is better for you guys we're
gonna go grab right now talk about some
power moves for the summer 2016 right
yessir
it's a world tour not my girl's tour so
stay tuned 2016 famine big things happen
alright guys so we came to get sushi
right now
and I didn't pick at this time I'm
addicted so yeah
I wanted Gucci but it's all good you
she's like this chicken teriyaki place
but sorry I don't get chicken teriyaki
from here and then
I'm gonna get some California rolls
without going tonight mess with but I'm
gonna switch it up and get the Cali
tempura roll suggested by the one and
only
I want having some real sushi like no
looks nasty bro basically but you know
what I heard about that you all want to
keep up like that man what this is the
jar of jelly chicken teriyaki California
rolls is that your sushi roll or your
girl's sushi roll
I got no girls tomorrow man damn bar
cakes
chopsticks chopsticks and this is the me
Chinese it's French its French yeah and
there's a hearing
already come on already he's already
alright sushi was pretty good but I
really want some dessert now no so I'm
gonna grab some dessert because starting
tomorrow I'm gonna start my diet I know
you guys are not gonna believe me
well a lot of you guys are new to the
channel so you guys weren't here during
my dieting stage a few months ago but I
dyed it and then I fell off because I
went to Vegas because we know when you
go to Vegas
everything just heads so yeah
starting tomorrow though gym grind will
start so that's gonna be a new thing in
life and we'll see what happens
it's very weird and yeah Oh God
you know he came back yeah features of
Donald Trump beating him up and
something back in the day yeah dude
shoutout to Vince McMahon tomorrow
during our performance it's gonna come
for the championship FL it's coming in
there who do you thinks gonna win the
Royal Rumble our trainer guys the future
is coming and you don't buy a crepe so
you just you guys know about my Fit
foods you've passed like just last time
I was here okay
promised guys tomorrow would you go to
my food we forget it go sign up go to
the gym over run in the morning alright
guys so shots out the fruit gave me some
new five pillars gonna rock it tomorrow
probably for the show I got to see what
sneakers I'm wearing and there should be
a five pillars hall video tomorrow on
the channel so waterfalls cool cakes and
fire kicks performing together for the
first time ever first time ever well we
making history tomorrow man you make a
big speech Dada that make sure you guys
come on man
I got your brother see if you guys want
Dragon Ball Z you guys probably know who
is oh yeah so I'm about to call it a
night pretty soon well no I'm not
actually I got a lot of work to do I
gotta edit and it what the hell is this
and um talk about a few things I guess
because I'm gonna answer some questions
you guys have been asking and one of the
main question is how come I never went
through with that end-of-the-year Q&A
that I was supposed to give you guys
were you guys asked 10 questions and the
reason for that is just because three
out of the only three of the questions
that you guys ask me were legitimate
good questions not to be rude to anybody
not to be disrespectful to you guys but
a lot of the questions I got the most
thumbs up were very immature dumb stupid
questions and I didn't want to do the
Q&A for the reason to answer dumb
questions like how big is your and how
many it was just dumb stupid questions
the reason why I wanted to do the Q&A in
the first place was to and
questions that are being asked every
single vlog but unfortunately when I had
the little Q&A the questions that I
thought I was going to be answering
weren't even being asked so I decided to
just scratch the whole idea and maybe
I'll do it again in the future but I
just decided to cancel that one so but
anyway that's it for today a long day
tomorrow long night ahead a lot of
editing a lot of work
I might even be shooting tonight
honestly I'm downloading some crew
collections right now that are going to
be for the next couple weeks and there
was something else I kind of feel like I
wanted to tell you guys about or tired
man you got a push man keep pushing even
when you're tired because there's no
room for breaks you know what I'm saying
you gotta want to you gotta want success
as much as you want to breathe you know
what I'm saying so that's why I'm out
here man
I just think about the future buying a
house you know buying a new car I don't
even think about like buying future
shoes anymore like that was my goal like
two years from now like oh I'm gonna
work so I can buy this shoe I can get
this shoe but now I'm like on some grown
man shit like I'm gonna work my butt off
and I'm gonna get what I need this shows
man you get the older you get the more
serious you get I think to take Isis
finally growing up or is he putting any
prawns out here you know so after the
next best thing
Kairi even
one time for one time let's see how
these bad boys are
