yup
what up guys so today is official full
day in New York City it's currently what
1217 so we got out of bed a little late
but we went to bed late as you guys saw
from yesterday's vlog while all guys
attacked us let's just say the bathroom
got more playing time than the bed did
anyway and that's Jeff Fisher welcome to
New York we know your New Yorkers
you guys look like you're from New York
we dress the part I look like I'm from
like Ohio regular go chop wood and you
just got to the NBA store
whoa super excited let's get in here and
hopefully they let me film in here man I
don't understand why stores do not let
you film inside we're not going to steal
your goddamn products we want to show
where we are and I know they're not
gonna let me and I'm gonna be pissed I
love that
that what it all
something smells dumbass look inside
Roscoe's buddy I'm saying we got a 19
everybody shake out
we're actually going to Nike right now
so we're going to hit a Nike we went up
to Nike Mercer but we're going to Nike
town and yeah and then we need to get
suits don't forget we need to get suits
laughs which it should have cheap cheap
cheap Jesus chip suit barking barking
Trotsky broken river what time is the
waste let's go in alright guys so we're
at Nike town right now I'm so pissed
right now because my phone was at 20%
and it just shut off and now it turns on
for two seconds and he keeps shutting
off so don't even have a phone so I'm
freaking crapped out dude me without my
phone I feel so naked they make a video
thank you very she ate it
you always walk out with the bag you
always get something from Nike sponsored
by Nike yeah another one yeah that's so
fun
that's out to the vlog all right so I
didn't buy anything Harris cashed out
again
but I don't catch out like respond to my
90s and Mikey gives you things to me
also you just walk in and they just give
it to you well here know what we call
the uber because we're too lazy to walk
but we about to go get some Shake Shack
finally we haven't ate all day for for
applause we have literally not ate
anything all day
it's a video so video yes I stuck
come on you're gonna send it to my
village on my father my mother hi guys
so we decided to walk because the uber
driver is a freaking idiot it went from
a 1 million doesn't fly on him bro a
16-minute yeah well if you woulda came
oh I wouldn't want us out here anyway
guys we're getting police escorted to
getting pieces police escorted to Shake
Shack
hell yeah guys we freaking made it hey
looks crowded as hell in there but it's
all good we ready to eat behold show me
what you got young kites and cheese
fries chef DS let him know what you got
for us today
she's 5 chain segments with no special
sauce Oh
he's smart success I got a mango
lemonade it's like so nasty
alright guys I'm in New York right now
I've been waiting for Adam and slim and
I've been calling them out on the
basketball court they're nowhere to be
found out here dog this is ridiculous
bro
this is ridiculous like you're my man
okay you're my man what you want out
tell me who from now my hair is favorite
alright guys so we laketop finally man
so the matchup is gonna happen this
weekend man we're gonna whoop their
asses this weekend that look how happy
they are that they're about to lose oh
my god you and your nasty knee bow
you're not I mean I'll tell you Harris's
over this is a best-of-three as I say
Harris quick if I want one in New York
one in LA one in Texas no this is not
gonna be continuing we got to end it
here okay so he came to get frozen
yogurt because that's what grown men do
mine's already done Harris I don't know
what the hell you got bro you always
getting somewhere solar P slash gay love
slurping on stuff so Adam what you get
through Syria because you just woke up
the minds like a mixture of everything
mixture of toppings no yogurt and the
cranberry
this will never happen bro he's a to top
ribbon on the dog I'm dying I know my
foots on your head oh you think I'm a
girl sellers
tell me where you played yourself up hey
screw the government they got a lot to
do with this right here this is
depressing
this was our ass when you think about
Times Square you think about the Toys R
Us story and the curve I thought it was
there I thought it was close the other
day like yeah we look at it and I
brought it's gone well this is
depressing this is depressing you want
to be on the channel alright Cup do want
me to vlog watch my vlog what you got to
say to the people I like to do my famous
funny hi brother
he has all these I got the easy prom
where you also get I got you yeah this
is spider-man coming at you talking to
Uncle Ben right on the phone o Kings
cloak LeBron 12 it goes good shit
spider-man that's the fucking Peter
Parker we bout to say goodbye to
slimming Adam but we will see them again
on Sunday when we're playing basketball
too long throwing down Brody's Cobras
West Coasters get out of them
we're gonna set up the cameras just like
we did for watching Bert Harris so it
should be fun that's it I need to get
some poop truth so we're gonna get some
new shoes tomorrow right yeah you guys
gonna come shopping with us I'm probably
gonna go get the Kobe 11 know what we
should get not getting Kobe 11 throw let
me know which LeBron is always like I
can't wear 13
get any commentaries I don't know if you
like that you're picky any last words
before we see you Sunday
honestly get your practice man that's
all I gotta say good job we have no read
a practice right now I'm saying any
depositors about haven't you guys been
playing for years where's the last time
you played I don't play like like two
weeks ago
- okay that's the reason I played it
like the reason well yeah I played Adam
actually I know yeah all right let me
put it
here's me any last words before Sunday
fan herons k15 ye all sir Cillian any
last words before Sunday any last words
I'm just good luck give me a fun fun
match and I'm sorry man I can't wait to
you know give us
Easy's you know hey what if every yetiz
he said he don't give us too easy if we
went I'm like why generally but I will
see what happens guys nice tune in
Sunday well Monday for you guys but it's
going down man finally do it again do it
again didn't you just go
alright guys so we just left the
birthday dinner we get some pizza right
now even though I shouldn't be eating
this
that's how long beef that beef pepperoni
right now
it's like 1 a.m. but I'm super excited
yes I'm vlogging people stop looking at
me
yeah man New York City pizza I don't
think we can go wrong how you doing boss
good Oh
having a good night good go hit the whip
for New York City fan josh is back can
you hit a wedding good Oh
