so right now I'm actually at LAX getting
ready to go home to the Bay Area for
less than 24 hours and then tomorrow
morning me inheritor getting on a flight
to New York City
it's currently 5 o'clock my flight was
supposed to leave already but it hasn't
left so
we'll see what happens man I'm in these
comfortable ass
sweatpants
but the long as jost rings I come all
the way to my face but I'm super comfy
right now
you know touchdown in San Francisco I
don't know if it feels good to be home
yet usually I get irritated being here
and I want to go back to LA and start
working again but it's my mom's birthday
so I got to see my mom I'm currently
waiting for my dad to pick me up so yeah
and I just wanna I want to correct
myself because a couple weeks ago in a
vlog I said jogger pants are ugly and
people thought I was talking about
sweatpants jogger sweatpants but no I
was talking about like jogger denim or
jogger khakis or non sweat pant material
joggers are ugly but as far as like
jogger sweatpants that's fine that's the
only type of cool joggers I just hate
jogger den of our jogger whatever all
right let's go
I'm back home packing again as you guys
can see and this is honestly the hardest
decision of my life I know I did a video
of saying when I'm packing but I can't
take all of these like one two three
four five six I think I might have to
cut these off so these right here all
right so my brother-in-law got these
freaking sick ass curly ones once you
put these shoes with a little bit of
light and you turn off the lights and
then you let them go in the dark
they look like this BAM that's freaking
insane man look at this it's making my
face freakin light up that's crazy so
there is a few shoes that I didn't take
to LA to meet with me when I originally
moved out there so I'm gonna show you
guys the shoes that I don't really wear
often because they're back home in the
bay my infrared what is that a hair Kobe
9 Nike ID I called these the blue moons
Kobe six 3ds another shoe that I
freaking love Kobe eight ma mercurial
Kobe six all-star Kobe nine all-star
Kobe seven Christmases my LeBron 12 aka
Nike ID
a hundred thousand hundred thousand
LeBron nine Liverpool's
that wraps it up y'all see you guys
and sleep at all
for the whole time we heard you snoring
in the car fat guys look at my bag put
your set side-to-side
I know how big mine is this day I
brought nothing what's up guys so we
just got the SFO ride ahead to New York
City we have a stop in Philadelphia to
go stay with stuff to Meek Mill check it
in right now bother checking our my huge
ass bag check out the kick game for the
airport
BAM all right guys so I thought we were
gonna originally land at four o'clock in
New York but I guess we're landing at 7
p.m.
oh we gotta take a vintage of this view
right here look at this
beautiful
snapchat up that's breathtaking if it's
cool
so we just touched down in Philadelphia
I need Advil my head hurts I need some
food and we got an hour and so we got
thirty minutes so we get on our flight
got hours we take off and basically make
it to New York of cities I was literally
the quickest fight I've ever been on
yeah literally forgot my laptop start
editing and 20 minutes later they said
can you put it away because we're back
on land so I'm on the outside and it's
honestly not that cold but I'm super
excited about still got my slippers on
silhouette sweats
feeling great it's 7:00 p.m. out here in
New York City robotic over the hotel
never going bowling never go
damn alright guys so we just got to our
hotel we are finally on the streets of
New York City this is the best
Philadelphia NY I see we're about to our
new Norfolk one star wars exemption
position I can't talk right now
exhibition that's what we're going we
have to go there and it's none of the
discourse a bowling alley
go away your guys so you got to walk
into Times Square for our first time in
this trailer this year this year oh yeah
first time in 2016 I would say 2017 we
love head of the game bright lights
oh yeah hey guys so I just met I'm a big
fan of this guy I love you I don't know
what you do but I love it I'm just like
you know I do think I love your thing
wait this is the reason why we're here
guys yeah great I'm gonna get a text
tomorrow April don't put that in there
wrap it up we just literally hung out
here for like of it it's ecstasy hi guys
so we're waiting for our uber right now
we're about to go to a lounge
why do you scratch yourself I don't know
okay go hit the whip for New York City
fan is back can you hit a wedding good
goes I'm gonna hit the dab on the dance
floor though it is currently what time
two o'clock in the morning by the grub
on some freaking how long guys I'm so
excited I can't wait to eat that sauce
they got that yeah boy 2 a.m. boy a lot
of guys boy of juice how cold so we're
back in our room
day one well night one of New York City
we literally have only been here for
like six hours and it feels like stuff
it feels like we've been here for like a
day I've been here the whole weekend
about to go home knock out even though I
gotta edit we'll see you guys tomorrow
with an official full day of New York
City on crew cakes today you guys will
actually see Harris's rotation the
sneakers he brought for New York City
last words I love you all is just you to
wait GOP intros to be like
your games in phone
well
