what up guys welcome to another vlog
today is the aftermath of watch jeevers
harris and we're with the crew right now
what's up that shirt everybody that
everyone's good at we could like get in
a row from like lightest to darkest and
then Harris is Harris where's your
bomber where's your bomber jacket out
boys
Palmer boys I heard about that is back
again what do people say to you in
Toronto dude
people love you in Toronto it was so
crazy I like at least a dozen people
write about people came up to me the way
I heard about that actually screwed like
in the flesh it was so I was like walks
off he says nothing else Toronto we
coming soon just know that yeah I mean
maybe we're thinking about bringing why
jeepers Harris on the road so if you
guys want us to come to your city let us
know anyway you gotta hit up like you
right now
so we'll see what we get Harris would
you come up on fam
you know we pick up historic season pick
up
7210 so i said i was ten her resale is
really high on these higher kicks they
got the tennis ball laces paid extra ten
dollars for this bag limit if you guys
wanna buy it
resale fire kicks alright guys so we're
at Nordstrom right now with the one and
only so okay so basically I'm born in
New York this weekend with Harris as you
guys may have known may know I'm looking
at watches because I don't have a watch
I have no watches at all I'm not gonna
go and buy a frickin Rolex or a freaking
Gucci watch or anything I'm gonna keep
it simple because I don't care about
watches I just want something decent oh
these are - this is like my grandpa's
watch that's true you can wear a sneaker
well um I just wanna I'm not gonna wear
it daily
like I feel uncomfortable when I did I
had my last watch was a Michael Kors
watch just like everybody else
I mean pervasive but I want they have
Movado
see I actually like this one the black
with the rose gold but good luck I don't
like the oh yeah I like that leather
shop with a gold trim yes yeah like that
because I don't like chain links
let's see what happens next
alright guys so I'm not getting a watch
I didn't like any of them but I'm just
lighting or okay cool
come on do that the challenge
the huff
alright guys he's back bar kids how does
it feel to get prey
let's just say uh watch your back we
better stop man
you don't know this everyone's loving it
this thing you deserve it resellers like
you are tried you know what you guys
just don't be asking me for kicks and
I'm gonna charge you double the price of
that damn and yeah you guys want the
demand I have it yeah you're like my
projects pretty much there you go
business is booming why'd you guys
bitches in here guys here pieces that
either go guys hate you love you every
day
how's business booming oh oh this is
nicer here wait I can watch the other
villain you'll be interest be like Oh
not games like Oh Oh little kids look at
your phone like you got game Zynga phone
they're just like a thumbnail come on
we're the new one direction like I was
saying meet Harris going in New York
we're going to New York this weekend man
and I want to link up with some other
like bigger youtubers or other youtubers
comment down below who you think we
should try to link up with and please
don't put the bankstream big people who
are never going to reply to me I'm
talking about like people that are
actually in reach you know say of them
now don't just have I know what you're
saying because you know what we got that
connection exactly we got that
connection you wanna make up let's do it
oh man that was great we're gonna tweet
about recording that when were like
that put it right I put it down or that
she put it down you can't do it like
this I'm sorry dad alright guys sorry my
dad got mad at me I knew where we're
gonna go to fly 23 we're going to fly 23
in Santa Monica and a few days we're
gonna go to flight 23 in New York City
you ready
as you guys can see we already grabbed
it who died at the Presto it's Jay again
who died at the front toe again who died
at the first toe Jay again
all right guys so what just happened
I'm loving something we just had some
great great wings super fire butter ever
in Long Beach
lbc home of Snoop Doggy Dogg new style
get up the wing stuff damn fire kick set
some new kicks well the new video you
stepped it up what are these these are
the jby white band flight a versus yeah
whatever so what you got uh you know I
got some blower you calling a yesterday
hey were you called you guys are making
all we just random job they're making
fun of it I was in the shower we chose
the zipper on the side they're making
fun of it I was like this I asked if
you're gonna go horseback riding anyways
those are the Yeti z750 I mean the 550's
damn first look you heard of here guys
first look easy us I like to wear sort
that looks like it but not me where they
look like without the zipper cuz
something loose into my break and then
Lucas gotta honey I heard about those I
heard about though you wear our sneakers
honey doesn't wear underwear any words
is easy so nice as a boy you try to come
at me sideways yeah well I said it wants
to be drink Drake it's Kanye's ultimate
high school okay okay right now how does
your fear God's words I thought they
were two of it I thought they were our
first to assure these are another switch
bitch I want my damn ATM card
Elvis you read Thoreau see you soon
ownership you're hella come here wait a
minute Alice serious area off a shelf
under some photography together boys
understand hello good hundred who made
this fam what you guys enjoyed this vlog
I didn't vlog after I leave so I say I
love you guys thank you guys for all of
this for always and
New York next week me and case game over
it's going to be amazing I've got to say
by the hairs we all certainly brought
him so arrivals instead of departures
but it's all good see you later this
week we go to New York City and what
just yesterday it was sunny in
California and then this happens
Oh
oh so I'm avoiding the rain right now
it's super nasty I'm avoiding the rain
right now dot J miss Chipotle got a few
other acquisitions some sneaker things I
need to take care of I just walked all
the way down one for so I didn't have to
deal with any rain now I have to deal
with the rain again we got a run from
there gonna run from there all the way
up put up to the plug can't your room I
have halfway up come on fam push it away
okay
where we going right now okay it off now
okay hurry up alright guys we are in the
riff offices and Jamie showed me these
they are the fruity pebble LeBron fours
I know Harris is burning right now he's
probably eating his food pebbles right
now as he watches this look at that
bottom they are used but they still go
for a whopping price of $4,500 so if
y'all want to come get these for $4,500
hit up the plug Jamie he won't give you
a discount but he will bring them out
for you dr. feature how much does go for
whopping price of $1,000 sighs you never
and a half shut our hair oh these are
mine I tried to put them on consignment
at rift but nobody bought them shout out
to all the people that came and didn't
buy it
check it so two guys are handing out
fruit really
I just think they got over the shoes so
I gotta take them back
I'm gonna take them back home to the bay
with me and get them sighs swapped it
for my own size because those are 12 and
a half so I'm gonna get a size 10 when I
go back to the bay from Seoul supremacy
and yeah anything else we could show
these people okay we gotta go downstairs
guys oh wait hold on fire kicks all
right that's it all right guys Jamie
pulled out the fire for me look at these
wait what size are these I don't know
oh let's try these are not 11 and a half
they look hell is small
damn it how much so burn burn
let me show them that inside the other
one says way interest-rate great come on
let me get that close shot for these
people laughing all about this you don't
have to Lightning 495 those are the
Tokyo's Rancho juice I heard quality on
that amazing yummy but I'm still amazed
by these men
I got a snap this epigenomes New
York I want these two what the LeBrons
shown the shown courage City Park the
hype on dunks died or if got the heat
man I'm telling you I will attempt oh my
god early drink right
those are sexy as hell
we still need to do the top no don't
show them everything because what the
hell is going on here
it was just sunny man look at this
this is insane look at that car that car
might as well be a boat with this water
goddamn if you're in that Lane man drive
safe
this rain is no joke for some reason I
came and see I can't even long without
my camera getting soaking wet man I'm
like under a thing and I'm still getting
wet
man I'm kind of put gas in ridiculous
yo it up guys so it's currently like 12
o'clock at night I just finished packing
well kind of I'm filming to try to get
all the crew kicks videos I filmed for
the rest of the week so I don't have to
worry about it because obviously I'm
going to New York on Tuesday on Thursday
tomorrow which is Wednesday I'm going
back to home to the bay it's my mom's
birthday I'm going to be there for one
day and then we off to New York City
so anyway I'm ending the vlog here hope
everyone's having a great day and I am
in I want to thank you guys I'm again
and again for all the support lately
it's been incredible like the
subscribers are growing on all the
channels the freaking the support I see
on the streets everywhere when I go
places people are recognizing like the
crew kicks Channel and it's amazing man
like crew kicks has done so much for us
in such a little amount of time and I'm
so grateful for that and it just makes
me want to work harder and build this
channel tune up to the next level man so
appreciate every single one of you guys
that's been supporting as well as crew
TV which has been growing crazy like I
can't even I can just remember like last
year this time I would upload a vlog and
it would get like 5 to 10 thousand views
now we're uploading vlogs and they're
getting 30 to 50,000 views on
Bridget's freaking amazing dude it's
mind-blowing so I want to thank you guys
so much for the love and support man
just keep working hard man that's all I
could say if you want to chase your
dreams you got to keep freaking working
hard because I've been doing YouTube for
a long time man and just recently it's
like starting to pay off man and I'm so
grateful for it and I appreciate it so
much every single morning I wake up and
I just feel so freakin blessed man so I
want to thank you guys do like really
like really really thank you guys so uh
with all that being said man I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another one and this
whole week the rest of the week is gonna
be some epic vlogs from New York so
looking forward to that all right let's
see you guys tomorrow
peace we're gonna take full advantage Oh
waiter
oh my god to zero
