alright guys so we are here after Las
Vegas Convention Center we just drove
out here it took us about four and a
half five hours to get here but we're
finally here setting up for tomorrow's
crazy event the first ever sneaker con
in las vegas it's gonna be a different
vibe than what you usually see I'm not
gonna just be like staying at my line
and just you know taking pictures and
all that I'm gonna actually be walking
around playing basketball doing
giveaways having some fun is JC's
hometowns hey ready yo I'm super geeked
um I brought like the best pairs of my
collection oh yeah I got a barber so you
need you need a haircut we got you over
there sneaker condos the farm we're
doing consignment and buybacks so it's
gonna be it's gonna be fun man I'm
excited yeah I'll see you tonight got
see you tonight
IVA yeah Vegas is gonna be crazy today
bro we're over here setting up car
protect both you already know last few
sneaker cons for myself so I wanna enjoy
them as much as possible and just you
know create as much content as I can and
enjoy this we're about to head to the
hotel I have my own hotel so I'm gonna
head to my hotel I don't know what's
going on my hair but
yeah let's get out of here
yiii oh that's another side that's
running away from you do die my knees
been hurting since then I don't know if
you guys remember but laughs laughs yeah
oh yeah I am going to Germany I could
get to surgery last year on tour the
first day literally right when we left I
tried to jump from the trailer to the
back of our van and I messed my knee up
and that's why I've had knee problems
ever since but side note listen look at
the car right now how sexy it looks cool
beautiful
so these guys are staying at a different
hotel than me you know I'm saying it boy
a sticker con team took care of me put
me in a suite you know that Suite Life
of Zack and Cody you guys I know it's
our security guard for the weekend rah
flexing on these oh hi so I'll see you
guys at the hotel let's show you guys my
twenty thousand dollar a night room at
the MGM Grand and I will see you guys
there all right
alright guys so finally in the hotel
right now and sneaker con team hooked it
up alright they gave me like a whole
villa like we got this couch area right
here and then we got a second bedroom
over our bedroom right here this is the
bedroom don't ask why it's so dark I
honestly cannot find any more lights in
here so it's really really dark the view
is actually pretty late I mean it's not
the strip but it's still dope and I'm
uploading my vlog right there and I
really don't know how to turn on more
lights in here I'm like really confused
because even the bathroom like this is
okay that's that but I don't know how to
turn the bathroom light on like this
lighting was not made for youtubers but
anyway I'm actually gonna shower up get
ready and then I'm gonna link up with a
whole bunch of the YouTube squad today
we're gonna go to a few stores urban
necessities and then we might go to
TopGolf later and that should be fun I
will check in with you guys
in 3 2 1
and I'm already you can see it got night
I mean it it's night now Michael Jackson
Target T $12 can't go wrong
adidas pants green pants and of course
we are finally going to bust these bad
boys out so let's go somewhere where the
lighting is actually good and I've got a
huge announcement it's probably gonna
give it to you guys this weekend with
private label
waverunners it's fitting that the name
is wave because this type of shoe is a
waves and some people are not willing to
ride that wave unless you got the swag
to write that way if now I'm gonna throw
a sweater on top because I know the met
colors don't match with the shirt but
this was I'm gonna throw all black
hoodie on and just wear with that so
shout out to everybody who thinks I
can't dress but I love the way I dress
so you feel me like these are swag and
you know saying I'm about to go pick up
my son from soccer practice with these
they're like a mirror in here something
was good like all right you know what
I'm just gonna stand right here and see
my reflection these are so freakin clean
I don't know if we should tuck in the
soccer now but I don't know buds about
it for me you know
alright guys so we got the guys here I
need initial reactions of the wave
runners you first oh yeah those shoes
are absolutely hideous those shoes are
so disgusting they're gross the fact
that those are attracted anyone bought
those is embarrassing thing thank you
for being real I appreciate that
like like would you go out and buy them
if they had a big ol s on it for
Skechers absolutely not that's exactly
what they look like I'm gonna be like
the way you were wearing them before you
had the sock over the pants yeah they
look like my dead grandpa I'm sorry to
tell you all right Pete I didn't like
him at first but they look better on
heat then the material looks better song
every day it's you know what it's a it's
a that's a way the pants
thank you that's that's a positive what
about if you like how the orange is 3m
you didn't know that did you know that
actually I'm lying I did know that
because I saw a video on mock-ups rare
samples that that I saw like a mock-up
of the shield goochy goochy goochy
goochy raw flux security honestly
anything Kies puts on his feet he rocks
it
he's trying to get a pay raise alright
guys so we just got to urban necessities
we are about to go in there and spend
some racks you saying maybe play the
keymaster hopefully win honestly I want
to win man it's been over a year since I
won bro yeah you guys are gonna spend
some time bro did you got that surgery
though come up anyway yeah we've got to
go into uni don't know if JC's here or
not because like the constant his city
you know he should be preparing for this
it's big this is really big so we found
your store on Yelp you find my store yo
yeah we decided to stop by ice pleasure
to meet you sir it's an honor I heard
you got today come up to the shoe
it'll give you a link do you then pray
regularly camera does that too yeah bro
so then it gives you a breakdown of
every size and price for the shoe that I
just can't yeah so you could do that
through snapchat Facebook or iOS 1110
gang and being just take a picture no
you don't even have to take the picture
get closer
Wow so where to the first store to offer
that we are now allowing our consigners
to wheel in and they are able to change
prices in real time through the
consignment managers so I'm really
excited about that I should go half size
that's what I said but they're so nice I
think they're sauce are like I why I
just don't think they look cool I just
you know what it is it's that it's
natural human it's a natural human trait
the second that we're not used to seeing
something the first thing we said is
others oh this is gonna this is this is
sneaker culture for the next two years
everyone is gonna be rocking these every
other color I don't want to hear it I
don't care how this people are saying
there's the reason I don't like it I
like simple shoes like my eldest ilet's
I like Congress one Stars blazer SB
like there's a lot going on you know I
can see like I definitely see your point
like in the future like that might be
something but paying homage to so many
different crazy to start like New
Balances sake knees like this is this is
all of them like heir Pegasus like
there's so many different inspirations
to the shoe that they'll probably never
admit because obviously they're not the
same brand yeah but like bro this is og
runner's sneaker all day like this is
sauce to me I don't care what people say
and I love the fact that these laces are
this color because if these laces were
any of these colors you would have been
like dust cheese yeah and I love the
different like this is grown and then
the 3m Orangery cheese everybody has the
different opinions comment down below
your opinion on the shoe I love eaters
in London for me bro that's what I say
I'm taking him to Europe for sure these
are the just dog Michigan Jordan Brand
shorts right here fire quality bro does
my pick up as well
out of Canada in Montreal actually well
I'm gonna lie to you he's actually don't
go for that much money okay so I will
give you uh I mean the zippers are great
quality yeah look looks a little used
yeah known dead stock
no no you've got inserting there there
definitely that's not yeah he got a
little used yeah I mean you know someone
give you a six bucks 107 you drive a
hard bargain but I got you the people
over here at necessities urban are great
my man Jacob always screws me over and I
love it
yep you already know what it is Papa Q
out here just drop my son off to
baseball practice got the dad boots on
let me show you how we used to do it
back in my day
backwards
it was it was that one it actually went
it one time one time just that Matt is
this a no I'm gonna I'm gonna stand back
a little bit
I got a duck for cover
that was a little joke save rice that
was justice Barbara twice twice this far
let's get it you gonna put it hang them
up like that you know young happy deal
more in the game you know no big deal
you know just tap it out on top like
Jordan exactly I can't I can't I can't
just go you know I need to stop while
I'm ahead
you know god oh my god okay guys so my
room is super dark so I'm literally
gonna stand here right by this light did
you bring these to match the the match
the interior of the hotel what the red
bottoms yeah yeah the Fugazi Fed bottoms
the fake they're not a fake brother real
bro these are these are fake you didn't
where'd your buddies from anyway guys
all right so basically we went to
TopGolf good vibes and now we're back at
my hotel room and I think we're gonna go
walk around the strip look you want to
go get some Shake Shack later so it
might go get some Shake Shack cuz it's
open till 2:00 a.m. we're not gonna be
doing anything crazy because obviously
we got blazin area with us who's
underage so nothing crazy but let me
just say what happens in Vegas stays in
Vegas stays in Vegas New York on Vegas I
know it's you guys are probably watching
this while I'm there what else is going
on manfist sneaker con is exactly one
week away the first ever these guys are
gonna break my damn sweet man
so yes okay so basically like I was
saying before these guys damaged my room
and had me pay like $10,000 I'm not I
have got to put it in there you're gonna
expose me on your snapchat I'm trying to
say that I have fake you snapchat I mean
Instagram anyway we're about to go to
the god damn what does it go we're about
to head to the strip right now Rock walk
away what am I saying we're gonna go to
the strip right now and walk around uh
catch some Vegas vibes I will see you
guys tomorrow at sneaker Con if you guys
are there make sure you guys come play
me one on freaking one I'm gonna
dominate any last words bro
blazing crew stay tuned steam your con
New York we got something cooking and
you guys are gonna want to be a part of
this this some serious - stay tuned
started from scratch they too
