even the world heavyweight champion goes
through about a few days but yesterday
and this morning was bad but we're gonna
suck that all up and bring some positive
energy ladies and gentlemen welcome to
today's vlog doing laundry because I
haven't done laundry in two weeks and I
wear a lot of clothes like I usually
sometimes wear to outfit today is
ridiculous but this is the stuff I'm not
washing this time because there's no
room this is my this is going to be two
loads right here sweatshirts and
underwears and shirts towels bedsheets
and I'm giving that stuff away so I'm
going to donate some stuff um what else
was going to say oh yeah
everybody that's commenting about me not
having a bed frame I choose not to have
a bed frame the reason why I like the
bed being on the floor is one because I
lay on it on my stomach and I edit so
the laptop is like so the laptop just
sits right here and I lay forward and I
just edit another reason is because like
I really don't need one my room is just
so I can be in LA it's not for me to set
up and be here forever you know what I'm
saying it's not because I'm I don't want
to spend money on it you know I'm saying
this is I just don't care like I prefer
to sleep on the ground like there's no
problem for me like I don't care about
guests coming over I don't care about
that not that I don't love my guests but
it's just not important to me so that's
my little two cents that's my little
rant anyway let's get the day started
because it is 1:30 about to go put this
laundry in then I'm gonna run to the
Grove to go by the shadow ones that came
out it's going to be my last sneaker
purchase of 2015 super excited for that
and then I'm gonna actually do a review
on it real quick for you guys and then I
know I haven't done a review for the
Yeezy 750 but I'm waiting to do that
because I'm gonna do that because it's
already been done by so many people I'm
just going to wait a little bit to do it
probably one of the first weeks of
January I'll do it but anyway too much
talking more action I'll see you guys
after I throw this laundry in
laundry laundry room dingy all of a
sudden some easy first all of a sudden
he has easy weekend high peace - mother
look at this guy watch us go to his
channel guys I've been watching pocket
avid watch me watch this hi PC oh wait
look - hi Beast
oh my god I'm done fam
oh so that's what goes behind the scenes
of filming those little cutaway scenes
you gotta like walk forward and walk
back and a lot of people comment in
saying all of a sudden Casey Casey yeah
guys I love Casey's my favorite vlogger
right now
Casey's mind is insane he's a genius and
it really inspired me to take my vlogs
up to another level so yeah dude I need
to donate a bunch of clothes that I
don't wear so I'm gonna throw it in one
of these things where it's like you put
your toys clothes shoes I should have
looked at the shoes if I had any but
it's uh I don't know I'm pretty sure
these things are trustworthy it's around
by dear America they just pull it down
and then dammit I brought this I just
put it here some of the stuff I haven't
even worn I know it's not that much man
I usually never like to show when I do
any type of like charity or like helping
out anybody because I just feel like the
only person that should see you doing
that is God and you should just do it
for yourself not for other people to see
that you're a good person because that's
not important so but I just wanted to
show you guys like if you have some old
clothes and lying around you know
give it to someone else who will
definitely need it way more than you do
I come here so much they should just
give me a key to the front door man Nike
the Grove
let's go see what chef D cooking yo man
is crazy they still got 72 tens just
chillin here bro ridiculous and all this
other stuff but we going for these are
you yo they got the what the Kobe's I
was honestly like not even interested in
these until I saw him in person they're
freaking all look at the bottom dude
freakin insane but the price tag
no thank you back home time to finish up
laundry switch the white Walker clothes
to the dryer and got my shoes I'm so
happy we go football panties
 up this is California
wintertime and oh no man this just makes
me feel amazing when we buy shoes the
first day we we're on Mickey Mouse BAM
son you embarrassed yourself last time
take one shot all right come off and
make up for last time that's one down
put on the line okay at least you're
hitting the rim this time there's still
shoes on the wall so we're good okay
give us a layup hopefully I got a
question for you who would win in a
matchup you are swag come on come on
that's the next matchup anyway guys we
had the mag part right now this is where
the matchup is happening link in the
description box this Saturday
Harris is complaining I know is about to
happen
Harris was complaining about the size of
the court but guys this is more than
enough room for a one-on-one matchup
what do you think about hair saying that
the court is too small
do you think he's Wilson out he's gonna
win Margie damn your money damn it's
cold down oh there you go finally check
on Rahman you want to it's going down
ladies and gentlemen Saturday at
Magnolia pork
do you dance definitely not ready you're
even with the team if y'all had the
chance
are we in a valley earlier hi guys so
how's business
I didn't hear you I guess you're at BJ's
right now
chi'lan we just aim to kill that boss la
McChicken you know what I'm saying no
pizza no powder doors please
I don't know if you guys have noticed it
but I've been on in no pizza diet
I really haven't ate pizza in a while
hope everyone's having a great New
Year's Eve
if you guys plan on drinking and driving
I know a lot of you guys drinking the
rock no drink my buddy
don't drink and drive use my uber coat
you get a free ride
uber a QoP
you use it I get a free ride and you get
a free ride so we both winning let's go
on then go into 2016 winning what's your
new year's resolution be more Creator
Olimar
my new year's resolution is to come up
why do you use resolutions
my new year's resolution is
they're save I wanted something to
celebrate in a couple months we try to
get a million subscribers we have
parties
we'll work we work in door
we just want to start the year off at
work
yeah major key or major key yo was good
guys so I'm actually filming this from
my big camera not the vlog camera I
don't know if you guys can notice a
difference but I just wanted to conclude
the year of 2015 in this vlog right now
it was an amazing year man we've we
accomplished so much on crew TV the main
channel and within just three months
crew kicks 70,000 subscribers the main
channel literally just hit 200,000
subscribers yesterday our last night so
I want to thank every single body every
single body I want to thank every single
one of you guys who are subscribed to
the main channel earlier this year the
main channel hit a hundred thousand
subscribers in February and we got the
hundred thousand plaque so thank you
guys for that and it's just crazy
because within less than a year we hit
another hundred thousand to make it two
hundred thousand and on top of that this
channel crew cake crew cakes this
channel crew TV hit another hundred
thousand I hope everybody has a great
start to the year take advantage of
every opportunity 2016 drops your way
and yeah man that's it thank you guys
for watching again another vlog it means
the world to me every time you guys tune
in and we will see you guys with the
first vlog of 2016
tomorrow I hope I'm not sure if I mean
for doing anything I might be in this
room all day working so yeah man we'll
see what happens everybody take it easy
man should I tell him why
well hello Josh what kind of my dad's a
difference that's the difference between
LeBron mentality and a Mamba Mattel
remember that you heard it yeah
