welcome to today's vlog as you guys can
see I'm all dressed up it's almost 12
o'clock I'm about to I'm gonna be
dressed up on us it's got camo joggers
yes I said I don't wear joggers but
these are the only camo pants that I
like because they're joggers and I don't
wear joggers since I'm gonna return
these actually because they fit a little
small I don't know why I need a ten and
a half I was gonna do a review of these
four food cakes but I'm not gonna do it
anymore because I'm interning them and
I'm gonna hope you trying to get them
with a discount
Christmas Day Kobe's I know I didn't do
a review of them but these are just Lego
guys I know they didn't sell out or
whatever but if you like a shoot with a
lot of detail this is the one right here
look at that it Fred inner five rings on
the back why because Kobe has five NBA
championships five rings on the back
look at that gold speckle just going
throughout the midsole the toe of it is
crazy multicolored fly net well not
multicolored but two color flying in a
very very light green fly wire and then
the thing I like about the shoe is the
inner of the shoe is crazy like you got
like a ring that kind of looks like a
snowflake and then if you guys can see
the inner pattern has little snowflakes
on it so there's so many detail students
that you got to look at but
unfortunately they fit gums taking them
to the brain hopefully I will get them
in my size soon discounted and then I
can do a review for you guys alright
guys so we're going to Santa Monica
right now they're back
so guys somehow the late
so about to go into three more apples
but it's kind of confusing because the
shoes come out tomorrow so I don't know
how it's gonna work or when they're
gonna call I feel like they're gonna
call you tomorrow be like you'll come up
and pick up your pair which is good
because some people be like are can't
right now you know that but we'll see
what happens man another day into the
lifeboat sneakerheads random sellers hi
guys we're currently at Steak N Shake in
Santa Monica third stream I eat a burger
what you get and you don't have branches
so you're gonna have to run across the
the promenade to go get some ranch from
the grape cafe because you know we keep
it
live with the wrench
where we are we are doesn't live eat it
she's more degrees this is line for the
Jordans yeah yeah the Jordan 20s join it
25 yeah our second stop of the day easy
raffle number two for Monday which is
undefeated in Santa Monica take a
glimpse of this
floki pack but you know not a long way
popular fire kicks butt fire kicks bra
guys we got a raise to go fund me stop
stop you don't wanna want them stop what
would you do if I took them and I've
started I burned them will you be mad
I'm going to give another 150 dogs then
why haven't you in freakin two years
only a different shoe
calm down below give me some suggestions
they gonna say I need casual shoe casual
yeah portable if you win easiest would
you go use the resale money to get a
pair shoes guys we're on the path to the
next stop but we actually have come
across my old stomping grounds in Los
Angeles I actually used to live right
here in this apartment complex remember
this one I don't know maybe some of them
oh jeez we'll remember this street in
this location I'm okay I used to live
right here that exact apartment right
here toss where's my hand at oh yeah
top floor third floor right there that
was our apartment
crazy man I used to come right here and
take all my sneaker pictures and I used
to always Park on these streets I got so
many tickets because I didn't want to
walk from down there to over here to
move my car in the morning but we paid
our fines man
alright guys I literally deleted all the
footage I filmed today because I was so
frustrated with life just linked up with
the man watch us we filmed the whole
thing in the car about how he's gonna
whip parents his ass on Saturday for all
that was epic to that I don't know I
deleted them okay let's recap what we
talked about so basically a lot of
emotions involved that you can't revoke
yeah there is a lot of emotion there was
a lot of emotions that we missed but
here's the thing
so yesterday in the group chat why'd you
said hey is the bet still on that you
have to buy me and she paired the winner
gets a pair of shoes from the other
person and Harris said no we'll save
that for a regular sized court
this one's just for the cameras first of
all where's that that right there just
made me want to shake my head and
low-key maybe this morning you can't be
saying someone what type of mentality is
it I'll tell you guys later we'll keep
going on with your story okay
check this out when he said that I got
mad because I'm not doing this for
cameras and I'm not doing this to throw
a show we're throwing we're doing this
because we want to see this match up
yeah this has to go down yeah we want to
see who's the better man
the court is regulation it just cuts off
on the sides so the panel is selling him
out suddenly I mean even it even if yet
if there's a bigger corner um I would be
good she'd run circles around him this
this small of course to his advantage
yeah that necessary is really the small
force to manage so I don't get why
that's like an excuse or something
that's stop it if you don't say because
if it was if there was a regular score
and if it was regulation it was bigger
I'll be running circles around it I'm
going this for the one yeah
this one okay it's not like it's not
 talking but I'm just I just want to
throw that out there Harris like come on
stop making excuses fan I'm a little
upset that you made the bet go off and
you think that this is just for cameras
wait okay should I tell them why what
kind of difference that's the difference
between LeBron mentality and a mom
moment remember that you heard it yeah
you see LeBron mentality a moment about
how the D doesn't matter what what is
what sighs what Cordys if there's
diplomat or not paying me just come out
of play
exactly this is a member that's you know
what like all I gotta say Saturday June
2nd be there or be square
be there to witness defeat witness
greatness
LeBron's word January 2nd this Saturday
Magnolia Park in Burbank California if
you're not there you're nobody we came
to the wrong floor what's up what's up
villains all right guys so we're at
LACMA right now doing some shots for
YG's new series on his channel a squad
us Wednesday's special guys guys special
guest the kid mister keopi having a
frickin worst day in the history of life
I saw power yeah okay so since he won
the easies and I didn't get them I feel
like he sucked all my power out like it
yeah in like space yam you know when the
little aliens take the powers of the
athletes
I felt like watch you did that to me and
then like I woke up and I was having a
horrible day like nothing's going my way
it's like I'm taking else all day all
right show it to him fam they're yours
and I'm not gonna do a review until I
get my own guys this is it I finally got
my sighs first time actually trying on
my own size
now I see now let's see like why like
everyone is so comfortable well honestly
the Boost Technology film in shout out
to cooky although certain adidas
boost technology you feel me who's
calling yeah who's calling you hello
cheeks
I'm sorry frame I won the raffle not you
okay fire kicks fire kicks you know it
goes down into Bubba look how big this
is like a Kentucky's like a tub of ice
cream it goes down we have to end the
night with some boba he fills me I'm a
new mobile addict you feel me team boba
oh like I'm eating a coconut eating or
drinking that they go down into boba
this is good - this is good yeah yeah
last time we got oh sure whack mmm
what's up guys so it's currently uh
Wednesday and yesterday was a pretty
crappy day for me I don't know I just
felt like I rarely have bad days like
rarely and I rarely show that I have bad
days or that I have any type of problems
but yesterday was just a shitty ass day
and I woke up this morning and I thought
you know it's a new day but the same BS
keeps happening man I got some bad mails
that cracked me out
you know get over it um I'm probably
just being annoying this is very unlike
me but we'll be fine
sucks - the last few days of the year I
wanted to go into 2016 with the positive
vibe and like I keep like trying to
people keep asking me like what am i
doing for New Year's man and like
honestly I don't want to do like I
want to spend New Year's Eve when the
balls drop it I want to be working you
know what I'm saying I want to work I
want to go into 2016 working in grinding
so that I could keep that same energy
throughout the whole year you know what
I'm saying like I did the same thing
last year I don't think I did anything I
think I was just with family but I don't
know I don't have family out here now so
we'll see man I just I just wanna I want
2016 to be amazing yeah I wanna do
that I didn't even think I would be
doing man 2015 I knew it was gonna be a
great year you know saying I have I felt
it yeah I feel it again for 2016 I feel
it more so we'll see what happens man it
all just depends on how hard I work in
and what I do you know it's not gonna be
handed to me so if I really want this
 I gotta you know take advantage of
since I take advantage of being out here
in LA and I came out here for a reason
so gotta take advantage of it anyway
hopefully the rest of the day is cool
other than my own BS my personal
problems
I don't know that I don't even want to
leave the house right now but yeah
I really hope to see a lot of you guys
on Saturday for the Waukee versus Harris
matchup if you're in the Southern
California area LA Burbank Glendale
everywhere if you guys are in the area
if it's a 30-minute Drive it's an hour
drive come through man we're gonna have
a great time it's totally free we're
gonna be there from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. and
yeah and then there's a new video this
Sunday on the main channel I actually
prayed one of the food brothers and it
involves some Easy's so a lot of you
guys will enjoy this so I'm really
excited about that I didn't really show
any of that behind the scenes just
because I don't want to spoil it too
much but all I can tell you is that easy
season is in full effect all right I'm
gonna go cuz I'm getting a call right
now and I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out yo what is this
oh my god somebody please come help help
