you know what's good guys hope
everyone's having a great day welcome
back to crew TV welcome back to another
vlog about I get the day started and
it's like almost 2 o'clock it's Sunday
we got a lot to take care of we got
raffles to enter for the easies that
come out
Oxford tans it feels like I'm doing
another Yeezy a raffle vlog every other
week now man it's ridiculous
I love my camo Jackie it shouts out to
the Travis Scott shirt shouts out to my
cameras whoa Wow look at you I've always
just get like this is a beautiful
20:16 vibes guys 2016 vibes are in the
air yo brothers do right here is
swagging hard man this is the Bounty
Hunter meets Bill Cosby meets Drake all
in one right here this is like the all
in one go to swag daddy himself ladies
and gentlemen good dad brah what that is
swag in brown let this up this flea you
got this from yg Wednesdays
why do you one's a new addition from the
glasses breath reflective or branded a
Gucci yeah what's good what's going on
guys how you doing yeah I like your
shirt you like it they all like you
though I like you though let's get on
this either your raffle hunt they might
do Long Beach so first stop is Culver
City to enter the easy raffle at Foot
action where you going you're going to
shop at the clearance section buy some
new Christmas sweaters fam so as you
guys can see we got ourselves a nice
little line let's go bud
that is as expected
brush shout out to my boy Jamie's in the
front of the line though I'm Haim it's a
bug even the plug got into some Rapids
oh good that's it alright fish oh thank
you brother alright guys so second stop
for the easy baffle is Santa Monica
Third Street Promenade we're gonna hit
up foot lock no champ sports and we
actually have to come back tomorrow to
do PacSun and undefeated so yeah man
we're going all over the places and if
we fail and it's another day in the life
of a sneaker head and the reseller how's
business okay so I'm at flight 23 store
and they got these new Jordan ones that
I've never seen before and they're
freaking crazy
I might actually pick these up look at
how that that swoosh reflects something
- shout-out to the homie over here look
at this cushaw we can see behind the
scene of Hawkeyes dodges Instagram
photos
this cop who made this he needs help
oh my god I can't do this what is this
what is this
oh my god somebody please come help him
help these helpful take help of
take help
where'd you guys go a chance and I think
tomorrow is
third and final stop for the east bitch
the final woman yeah yeah third and
final stop for today's easy raffle hunt
we'll be back at it again tomorrow but
we are at the Beverly Center as you guys
can tell from the well known escalators
so we're going to do that I might have
at the easy arcade game again make it
into a crew kids video because I've
already done it twice in the vlogs and
here first man remote burst-fire King
how's business
another successfully entered raffle will
not successful yet well hopefully
successful hopefully we get that call
tomorrow and we'll see what happens
I don't know what we're doing that what
we're doing now we gotta go fill four
apples
so we want to eat first rowdy hey I'm
hungry honestly if you guys are hungry
you ready here first guys power moves to
the port
whoo all right guys so we are here to
film at LACMA which you guys have seen
its here a million times it's freakin
packed though there's at least like 300
people here what's your plans for New
Year's guys I'm gonna be at home working
since we try to start the year off on a
positive note of working how's business
been boss walk that way Feb 1 2013 sighs
max my very Columbia and today when I
better whoo all right guys so they
wouldn't let us film like on the side
area so they're making a stand in the
front on the street because we have a
tripod I don't understand why maybe it's
a safety hazard or whatnot but why'd us
look at this guy
thing always taking pictures for someone
my bad be nice I know this is your first
time here bro you lived in LA your whole
life now always I always Drive by it but
I never actually got out and I still
haven't walked through it yet Power Move
really go do it fan let's make history
go watch the camera damn history history
in the making
what a time huh alive and Elaine
anything I've never done this yeah are
you guys so we bout to film right now
the end of the year crew collection
award so on on crew kicks go watch it
we're doing the off you guys know
there's been like 20 or so crew
collections that you guys have submitted
we're doing like a little award show for
the end of the year to talk about
different categories we have eight
categories they're gonna be sitting
alongside with me alright guys we better
call it a night these guys are leaving
good night tomorrow is gonna be a very
early let's see if it actually yeah if
it's gonna happen in SMU great they
start off to a great day let's see it
effects yeah what's supposed to happen
8 a.m. boys this is it boys and we'll
prove them wrong just like I proved all
my haters wrong yeah just like we get
2060 poppin 2060 ok I did all right guys
so I hope you enjoyed this vlog hit that
thumbs up tomorrow is the continuation
of the easy hunt part 75 you study I'm
too strong they're gonna try to kiss me
family went in for the kiss god this cat
naughty deal what you were supposed to
this cashmere sweater kept me warm all
day shoutout to my dad circa 1960s guys
show me the heat oh she's the day I get
new shoes couldn't be the first ok so
I'll see you guys later
what up guys the champ is here to give
you guys a quick update before I end
today's vlog as you guys know let's go
to the sticky notes first things first
this Thursday on crew kicks I'm gonna be
releasing this is the last day of the
year obviously it's December 31st my top
10 sneakers of 2015 the top 10 sneakers
that I bought on Saturday this Saturday
on January 2nd Harris is coming to town
to face yg West
one-on-one and you guys are all invited
to come it's in Burbank California
totally free link in the description box
if you want to attend with the address
and all that information
Sunday new main Channel video January
3rd waiting on it and then I don't know
if these two right here are a little
further down the road
this isn't about two and a half weeks me
and Harris are going to New York City
January 8 till 11th we don't have any
plans to do anything right now as far as
I can mean greet or whatever but comment
down below if you're from New York or
the area and you think you would come
out if we hold some type of meeting
great or something like that we're going
for a wedding so last but not least
January 14th we will be having an event
or it's not our event but we're
performing in Riverside California it's
going to be QoP and yg in up men for the
Mahmud Brothers for the first time ever
we're performing together so make sure
you come out if you're in Riverside
California or the surrounding areas yeah
that's it
Hey
