views of LA sup guys so just got done
eating at this restaurant called perch
in Los Angeles check this out it's real
out here real out here in the LA Street
spam
oh we're gonna smell you know what
happened you play his new mixtape in the
CD player yeah Drake put his new make
your comments are getting to her she's
calling me a high beast now all of a
sudden fat okay so I like my outfit very
much right now I've been waiting to wear
this ovo velvet hoodie busted out the
triple blacks today all black she copied
my style hey coffee
I'm sorry I'm not like Kanye / great
okay we can you use your joke once
saying it alright guys so I bought the
Kobe's yo for sure
get a on feet review on crew kicks this
coming week it's New Years week so you
know I'm gonna have something up my
sleeve for you guys and then on top of
that there's a new main Channel video
today huh asking me yeah you remember
the main Channel video I showed you
today isn't it like shocking like it's
so eye-opening obviously someone who
read is like to either fucking seat belt
by are y'all so we made it to Long Beach
at the wing stop they got the halal wing
so we bout to go in right now squads are
you in there
eating I think what's up fat what's
going on so all of a sudden that's what
would one day's the true what's the next
challenge shoot I tell you they were you
be sixty a comic hot way Oh
just know who's gonna win family one
week away from facing hair it's exactly
one week away Oh guys we should say for
those of all my snapchat was plenty of
worry oh yeah you've written warning but
it's I think it's don't be fine it would
be play for those I can make it be sure
to come out you know hang out with us
and everything what I'm all yours your
predictions are still on Harris or what
guys look it is
give it a microphone first so I can bust
like a bubble pop it all together so we
came to this place in Long Beach called
afters where they have some type of
special something special over here that
makes people go like it's cracking in
here right now please do not block the
door down and shout out to the sink
shout out six guy
thanks guys we're gonna start a GoFundMe
to get I've met some new shoes man
he's been wearing those shoes in my vlog
where I met him the day I met him in my
vlog in real life and everything I met
him he was wearing those freaking shoes
and to help me over there was your name
again Matt ACMA there we go I forget so
I'm gonna start a fun buy him new shoes
so guys let's try to raise that he's
like $200 to get him some good running
shoes oh what a heavy day shoe right but
dude this is insane
do the people grow my first time here
too but usually I just do cookies oh
yeah this is a donut and then an ice
cream inside and then another donut I
stick to the cookies but let's try this
brother so it's like a McDonald's
cheeseburger low-key you know what but
we came to urban spam I told was gonna
be calls back good morning chef D let's
see what chef D cooking today after
yesterday there for the vlog you can
just watch I'm about to start editing
because I got to finish up today's video
that's going up so if you are wondering
there's a main Channel video even though
I told you a million times in this vlog
since I go watch my new video
all right oh my god dude fire kick I'm
shaking bro
what are you going bad bro can I get a
picture
