not
that my friend is how you should never
ever wear your Easy's with Nike shorts
high socks in the wintertime that's how
you should not wear uses but the only
reason why I'm dressed in like this is
because I'm just walking across the
street to go to IHOP because everything
else in this world
well most stuff is closed today because
it is Christmas Day hope everyone had a
blessed Christmas day with their friends
and families everyone who does celebrate
Christmas hope you guys having an
amazing day having an amazing week and
having an amazing end to the year
positive vibes I don't really have
anything planned it's almost 2 o'clock I
haven't ate because I have been working
all morning long hey yo check it out we
got the eggs turkey bacon hashbrowns
Nutella crepe time to go in Oh
strawberry lemonade
iPhone 6s
straw wrapper another one
hi guys it's cold as hell but I'm
walking back to my apartment Santa Claus
was inside the IHOP you know after he
did all his hard work last night
delivering all the gifts he just wanted
to relax and grab some pancakes or
something like that you know what I'm
saying whoa my nipples are cold why am i
wearing shorts this is not how to dress
in the wintertime okay I want to have a
end-of-the-year Q&A for you guys let's
do this Q&A let's move forward from all
this stuff let's leave it all in 2015 in
the comment section down below ask your
questions anything the top 10 questions
in the comment section down below that
gets the most lights I will answer those
questions for you guys but here's the
rule I have one pass so out of the ten
I'm allowed to skip one of the questions
but other than that I have to answer
every single question you guys answer
that gets the most thumbs up out of ten
yeah that's how it's gonna work she'd be
interesting
should be fun all right yo what's good
guys so I haven't long much of the day
Lakers are getting their butts handed to
them as they have most of the season
it's all good anyway for those of you
guys that didn't know there's a Nike
store in the Nike Fault that was
originally dedicated to Kobe Bryant but
then as time has passed by it's just
become like a little Nike store that
they have at the Staples Center and
they're actually releasing the Kobe's
that come out for Christmas tomorrow the
Kobe 10 Christmas editions in a special
edition box that's only available there
and they're doing a raffle tonight so
I'm about to get an uber and go to
Staples Center so let's see what happens
yeah
I'm looking for someone right now guys
where is he oh my god dude fire kicks
oh I'm shaking bro where you going
BAM bro can I get a picture
I'm a big ass fat no money - oh my god
freezing out here
why I got the poop is jacket I had it so
there was a great game we just left we
were courtside we're on a mission to get
this freak Kobe Jersey we're on a
mission to get the free Kobe they're not
called me but get the fries Lakers
Jersey that marques
oh my god Boise
move it
it's fire kicks tumble fire cakes look
at fire cakes free fire cakes look at
him
fire kicks and stuff guys fire kicks is
right here get a free Jersey oh wow look
at this guy right when you walk in like
security budget fire cakes came through
I'll try to get one for the whole crew
but the lady please stop drop it like I
was putting a gun or something I clearly
have to drop them in a dish but what's
the resale on their fire kicks fans with
enough these are there's no value on
them can't resell this yo this line is
ridiculous look at this oh it's all the
way to over there
crazy fire kicks don't play I need some
fire right now if you know what I mean
school yes it is so cool so right now
it's 11 like 35
they made us register through the app
now they're getting us wristbands
so we'll see man there's tons of people
probably the chances of winning are very
very low you know so there's at least
what how many people 200 people here bro
look at this 4/5 yeah apparently there's
24 pairs you don't know what
I guess my vlog camera died so we're
using the the iPhone
here's the ticket number family 8 to mix
the tube let's start a chant mix to the
same 8 number 2
letting him buy regular pairs - what the
hell yeah there but look throw at the
white boxes or they take them out of the
white boxes it's none of the white one
they're still dope as hell to me alright
y'all so we didn't win I don't even
think they call 24 numbers I'll have to
double check I missed two of them one
when I was vlogging with my phone but I
have like a little bit of battery on
this thing so we're just gonna dip out
yeah but they were gonna go grub and
then call it a night so do you want to
em yeah it's coming from that way check
about 24 hours yeah it is
that's the dollar 79 right okay and can
I do value fry thank you
all right guys so tonight was a complete
fail all day was a complete fail I
didn't do anything this guy got a Jersey
yeah but for me as a complete fail but
tomorrow should be lit fill me he's
going to Long Beach howl all week stop
for this guy
any last words head what's the next hot
sheet on the market nice house you're
gonna walk you out of the COBE five
rates actually no
Pizza breath double-kiss history shelfie
