alright guys so here's Jamie's truck
about to get wrapped up vampire let's go
say we're gonna go say what's up to him
and then just act like we're stopping by
so we're trying to rush you to do this
I've been distracted I gotta set up the
camera we'll see you guys in a minute
the sense admitted was kind of
distracting Jamie you're off work early
Jamie knows are up to something so he's
like yo I'm not coming up make sure you
got you have to come to the shop so I'm
going to the shop to get it so hopefully
you can calm down and come back up with
us we tried to do the best because this
guy is things I've tried of pranking for
some reason he's holding my Easy's
hostage
I don't know why it's chipping just
because we disappeared for 20 minutes he
thinks that I'm trying to bring him like
how can I set up a frickin prank in 20
minutes I'm just saying fuck you all I
know is that the holiday seasons is here
guys so happy holidays my boy Jamie this
is a good one
I promise you that these are about
hahaha you could hit some extra
protection
what do you mean this but I just want to
make sure you don't get an accident you
have some extra protection and stuff
this is just a mini prank BAM
we had to what we've been in the crew
for a while that we haven't got you so
I'm out of here yeah I feel I feel how
you feel that's what I'm saying
that's the death
Jamie now here a Christmas tree Pizza
breath
Chris history shelfie
