flaps not easy sing it I made understand
singing don't forget that human don't
forget the room Oh what's up guys so let
me tell decision I think so long he
sorta um so what's up y'all welcome
today's vlog it's super dark right now I
don't know why but today we're going to
be doing the first ever prank on Jamie
now I understand we have never pranked
Jamie before I don't know why I get
never crossed my mind maybe it's cuz
they took a little break from i did a
two-month break and i've been living
here for two months maybe that's why but
too busy trying for each other exactly
so we're about to go do that and who is
a chosen one Darth Vader or Lou he was a
chosen one Anakin Skywalker who becomes
Darth Vader well I wouldn't know
anything yeah I don't ever watch stories
in your left it might be stuff you
didn't watch episode 36 Scott all of a
sudden wants to watch Star Wars all of a
sudden 4d stuff and all of a sudden he
turns it off because he was eating food
yeah it was dope the seats were like
shaking and then on top of that like the
seats have like little things so when
someone would get a hit it punches you
in the back yeah it's crazy dude it was
sick with it was it was there was a good
experience but I don't know if I'd watch
a movie ever in Canada why she was
annoyed yeah dude imagine three hours of
that shit punching you in the back I
mean it low key was like a massage at
first but then it was just like Google
and then the water in the freaking fog
the fog smelled so
lucky if I gets annoying huh yeah it was
cool is a cool experience all right so
we're about to go first things we got to
do is go to Home Depot because we need
to buy something and then the second
thing we need to do is go to Jamie's job
and then we're gonna attack you what I'm
saying so it should be cool we're gonna
stop at OVO store cuz these guys haven't
gone never been you know probably I'm
like probably a good feeling of the
aides are coming out somebody catch down
right now it's already four o'clock
they're gone if there and then you have
one you know they do it like the polio
at six o'clock cuz Shauna to the six
damn six got six there's only one card
damn okay so we just got to home depot
by to go find these freaking
we're gonna get some bubble wrap now so
I guess thirty dollars per roll is 30
feet if they have the same size no
that's too small with the shot ones oh
wow it's only twenty bucks here this is
hella cheaper the other one I went to
his thirty bucks oh hell yeah yeah what
is this ringing mini talent pizza and
christmas tree limit our pizza breath
thumbnail Chris history shelfie nine to
five dollars little focus sometimes just
got to get pranked by the show I just in
some Gucci flip flap alright guys so the
whole car is packed margie good fam
where you have I see your hand oh let's
just say if he crashes his car you'll
have some protection alright guys so
here's jamie's truck he always parked it
in the same exact position which is like
perfect for like grand unveiling so
low-key you bout to get wrapped up
vampire let's go state we're gonna go
save us up to him and then just act like
we're stopping by because I'm supposed
to pay him to get my easiest from
himself shout out to this beautiful view
though one brother buddy and hella
paranoid but your brother fan how cute
Jamie clocked out early so we're trying
to rush to do this up it's distracting I
gotta set up the camera will see you
guys in a minute what's up am what are
you talking about that's me you can hold
it this guy is things I'm trying to
prank him for some reason he's holding
my Easy's hostage everyone and my money
wait how did you I'm not gonna ask how
you pulled it off but I don't know why
it's chipping just because we I
disappeared for 20 minutes he thinks
that I'm trying to bring him like how
can i set up here a freaking prank in 20
minutes so you come at me with a
fifth-floor brown stuff bro what can I
possibly do I don't know for yourself
or an outrigger okay we'll go straight
no question up the medics is gonna
happen there we're on the arm I don't
care that's what we're going we're going
back on it again miss Clark cuz then I
always say it's cool it's an elevator
check the other way the real quick why
did you get that later I'll make it a
rule here we go to the top floor that's
not you should not worry I'll making the
rules II don't know what don't be are
you use caution you good even with your
there's nothing going on top floor yet
this one right on floor no want you to
see you let's get I will make my own I'm
dying i'ma make my you're gonna see that
thing wrong is gonna look like little
girls on here you see what happens
behind the scenes of what they think is
a break but there's no freaking prank oh
oh snap chat I'm just saying above your
primal fuck you owe us all I know is
that the holiday seasons is here guys so
happy holidays my boy Jamie oh happy
holidays fat we got you a gift this is a
good one this is a good one oh here's a
good one come on bamm-bamm come on
it was rapping he's getting out this
reference yeah what we're doing though
I'm just gonna wrap you up
alright guys so we're done printing
Jamie doesn't oppose freaking hookah
boys the whole color boa no shit hey
shout out to the fam number we know shut
up man shout out to the homies yeah bro
come on forgive and forget hey colorways
of a senator sounded unhappy if your
order all your River Lake here is that
really the camera use this is for
vlogging daily vlogging I use a bigger
one for them respond what does that mean
for the people that don't know hopefully
Marie okay Robin tricky as cats I want
to be current yeah we destroyed because
one of our homies you always knew he
would always come in and
um I don't know it's but you would
always bring his laptop right oh god oh
he's bringing up something on you my
swaggin I'm swaggin I'm swaggin hose go
ahead and pick a body cash do danced all
night girl you deserves it get a baby
going oh yeah Magic City on Monday you
know what I got I got me some raisin I
got me some home yeah you can never take
me back on Jordan I see that you still
ain't done shit about the other one
alright guys we just got to the Beverly
yg was just trying to blow off some
money nice to have a 5.3 middle of his
first episode of was you who made who
bring holiday shoppers going crazy one
of them just push this off the l a-- ok
later yeah Oh Roger she said the Heisman
Trophy she was awesome she saw us leave
out our guys so we are a few weeks away
where I think we're like two weeks away
yeah everyone second january second
movie yeah we can week and a half except
for something right now yeah watch us vs
harris k15 one-on-one basketball in
Burbank California hat mag park it's a
sneaker store but there's a court right
in the middle all you guys are invited
to come to have a good time it's free
hang out watch the match up that
everyone's been waiting for well that
we've been waiting for and I've
officially changed my decision I'm gonna
pick Harris to it yeah well let's just
say how things going to be a good game
cuz humor damn alright guys so link for
the for the event is going to be in the
description box i'll probably make like
a facebook event even though facebook
events are still like dead but they are
okay we're gonna make a facebook event
if you plan on coming hit that thumbs up
on it way not thumbs up or just
attending attending ok i don't know how
to face of i don't use facebook like
that but why us for harris january
second so cal residents please come
through and have a good time so watch it
was taking too long so we are walking
around the mall waiting for him when you
go find out when they got the easy
raffle for the seven but at 350 is guys
if you guys saw earlier i got my 750 s
i'm so excited I cannot wait to where
I'm like anytime I get it easy I either
where the day I get it or the day after
so I might have to be you know just no
Christmas is around the corner I might
just have to wear them to the Lakers
game if i end up go if i go i don't even
know if i'm going
might be one of those last-minute things
you know what I'm saying but anyway but
yeah that's good a footlocker and see if
they are getting I know they're getting
away find out in the rapids you know
what they call me on these streets man
wonder they call you man do they call
you the young tart target guys I just
found out that there's a target five
minutes from my house I was driving 15
to 20 minutes to go to target every
single time and I just found it why'd
you ever do that wedding there's a thing
called a Yelp I know I always search you
this one ever comes of yo this target is
like next-level like look at this brick
walls and shit all I gotta say is free
mocha again oh it's a travesty anyway
guys I'm just gonna grab some things
probably stuff that I don't even need
but it's okay you know thats what young
target does you know saying shallots
Amina hi guys so I found this dope-ass
thermal at target I got like two sizes
too big because I wanted to be baggy but
it's a camel to thermal for seventeen
dollars this is an easy season shit pen
come on what now I don't like the little
pattern on it the only it was pretty
cool if I was just a section of it it
would be cool triple this is sick this
is good to sleep in bro yeah absolutely
right yeah look at this anna has the
cuff bottoms this is like sleepwear $14
it's still come up why'd you rush to get
us to a little preview of what's coming
what's yet to come bro sleeping in style
why'd you ask Oh sleep what's okay so
the morning after obviously beautiful
outside beautiful not a drop of rain is
found today basically I wanted to pick
up the camera and the vide the prank we
did on Jamie yesterday I kind of feel
like I want to release it early so I'm
gonna leave it in your guys's hands if
you guys can get let's shoot for 4000
thumbs up on this vlog i'll post it
tomorrow it isn't going to go on the
main channel or the crew TV so
regardless of that if you guys get 4,000
thumbs up
on this video i will post the video
tomorrow so it's up to you guys with
that being said thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog I'm outta here guys have a
good day it's a lebaron Taliban almost
yeah dummy dummy dummy and boys either
something
