what's good guys as you guys can see it
is nighttime I have not flogged all day
I'm currently at the hotel Rose right or
no I'm not staying here just to grab
something to eat before we go with the
movies because I'm actually about to go
watch Star Wars originally Harris was
supposed to come to LA so we can watch
Star Wars together but you guys can ask
him to eat him find out why he didn't
come he was supposed to come to LA for
me you guys got 7000 thumbs up on a blog
for him to come that lady come so you
guys can talk to him
I asked Watchi Achmed if they want to go
they said no they don't want to watch
the Star Wars they want to go watch a
stupid Bollywood movie so
I asked this girl and she said yeah so
she doesn't even want to watch his damn
movie but it's okay the only reason I
don't wanna watch this movie is
I haven't even seen the first 500 okay
six of them but okay sex or 5sec
whatever way there are six before this
one yeah this is the seventh one so I'm
six episodes behind basically but I
don't think you need to watch the other
ones to watch this so that's a good
thing so
my god the lighting is so good today
please tell me what I did what I told us
head we left those on camera and
whatever and I sure
yes I was going to feel this shit I
trust the uber driver I don't trust the
people he picks up but anyway she's a
great actress she's going to be in the
next Star Wars for this theater we're
about to watch it in is a 4xd theater so
it has the seats move it it has
in a
in a forest or whatever you smell like
trees and shit and it has width so
there's like weight it has different
effect so it's next levels you get a cup
by twenty-five dollars just pick it
which is insane but I mean it's probably
gonna be worth it so we'll see how it
goes
okay guys so I'm about to walk into this
four X D theater look at this okay so it
has a water rain fog wind lightning
bubble scent and vibration this is how
movies are supposed to be made to watch
what's up guys so wad us us back again
car karaoke crew oh yes champion
whoa-ho-ho fish shows your stance your
fighting stance oh now you got a bow fan
thing anyway guys we're finishing up
sneakerhead to be like and I'm posting
it today to some girl
hangs up men
so sneakerheads be like is coming out
today and refinishing the last two seats
for it so trying to get it done edited
and posted by 5:00 p.m.
ready yeah it's already out so this is
going up tomorrow obviously so quad us
Halloween all right guys we're gonna
start filming cuz we're wasting time
right now so look what the guys just got
you know what you know what it is today
is actually their one-year anniversary
that they started their YouTube channel
so guys coming down below congratulate
them subscribe to thanks man honestly
shout out to YouTube for such a huge
help honesty and like Halloween but I a
man we finally saved up we try to get
them the hundred thousand plaque so
wagers coming in the creme TV you have
an Ellen own they have to send you like
a request of your address so it takes
like a month or teeth but yeah the
strata gets crazy man time flies to be
honest the idea for something like
yesterday you guys wrong Santa Monica I
know right
doing what you got hey getting her video
blocked in Germany and she yeah is it I
think so no challenge I we did know the
first video they know it has copyrighted
music ready and it was black but damn
bro he got the shattered backboards yeah
shattered glass you filming us and you
should watch y'all know about that
that's an easy style check out my socks
guys I got the Darth Vader's with 272
tens it goes perfect shout out the
stands are the perfect audible the socks
are the shoes I should know that socks
yeah the socks are super comfortable any
stand socks was comfortable yeah I'm
trying to get sponsor you feel me
yeah anyway guys I watch Star Wars twice
yesterday I went I went premiere I went
Friday and I went yesterday so back to
back watch it twice it's that good
honestly I want to watch it again so
when you're ready fan yeah I want to see
how much agree to the whole creature so
yeah I don't know if I'd watch creepy
kid though
I want secret I saw her she didn't wanna
I got emotional where is your brother at
is he upstairs
damnit Raja laiá laiá note up 10 look
at that
the front oh hey again put out the front
oh it's Jay again who dad out the first
oh it's Jay again guys we actually have
a special guest coming today to so not
not Indiana Jones over here this is the
easy that's a easy season five yeah no I
like some baggy if you just found like a
hundred G's in there oh you do
come on you dip on your friends no
gloppy damn we all know No yeah turn on
that voice yeah the guy that he was all
of a sudden Roy three hours later what's
up fam even for Halloween game what
something like that one like et times it
now all right guys so Harris just
surprised me I was not expecting this at
all if you guys watch the vlogs for like
the past not if not even it hasn't even
it's been a while since I've since I've
asked for one of these I used to ask for
in the vlogs all the time with a coke
with my name on it because you guys know
how to share a coke with whatever I've
been looking for my last name Omar I
could never find it but freaking hair is
just surprised me with two got the
freaking share coke with Kai's and share
a coke with dream KU this is amazing
thank you baby
all right guys all right guys so jumping
off Harris he's literally here for like
30 minutes he has to go back home 30
seconds so you have about to drop him
off and then I got to go rush back and
start editing this to begin you stick it
to be liked and posted and that means
new video every single Sunday so yeah
Monday Tuesday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday second that happen once
out of 60 videos I haven't how many
times you be watchin your things before
you posted would mean uh I don't have
sometimes I don't worry tired yeah all
of a sudden any last words fam before we
hope you guys enjoyed this video it took
us seven months to me now you guys gonna
like it slow there's a lot of funny
parts I miss you guys share it enjoy
less or your favorite parts what's
already up by now this is the top yes
let us know what your favorite parts are
coming down below and hope you guys
enjoy share it show some love and then
uh Harris has a new vlog camera too so
now from now on his footage is not going
to be freaking this is my new vlog
camera guys this week they're gonna be
no iPhone video no more thank God next
levels stop alright guys he's already
leaving
it was a quick and short 20 minute trip
shouts out to the Drake v-neck alright
here is any last words fam I love you
guys I'll see you soon
so basically this is what a hectic
release day is like I'm uploading my
first main Channel video in two weeks
the fourth part of sneakerheads be like
and to me I thought the video was gonna
suck but after watching all the footage
I think it's actually really good
the reason why I'm so last minute with
it like I'm still I literally still
filmed two scenes three scenes today for
the video and it's supposed to go up
today is because I wanted to get Harris
in it so we did one scene with Harris
I'm probably not going to be done by
five but I'm going to try my hardest to
get it done by five and have it up by
5:30 let's do it first a sappy sucker
share what's up y'all so check this out
man um as you guys know I go home I
posted the video it was hectic I was
late I called you arf-arf
yeah he called me up having fun not just
that you called me
Ahmed tweeted me saying you high priest
where's the damn video my own friends
were mad at me so I apologize guys I was
a little late it was hectic I was trying
to edit a Panera there Wi-Fi sucks so I
had to rush home and then a lot of
people were cussing me out on my
Instagram saying it's 5:00 it's 9:00
p.m. where's the damn video it's 9:00
p.m. I wear something called time
differences guys on the e-sign p.m.
though that's when a three-hour
difference in these I don't know
every time everything it's a slight and
I don't know people were cussing me out
but starting next Sunday the video will
be up early because I've already added
in next week's video and it's it's an
it's a surprise you say we have another
main Channel video next week like Sunday
every Sunday been on ground are we bad
we back baby you know I'm saying we got
main channel every Sunday vlogs whenever
the hell I can brew cakes 5 days a week
and this guy right here me together
we're trying to make a Power Move show
for fruitcakes yeah we're gonna do it
we're gonna start filming hopefully next
week
it's gonna be crazy next up trust every
writer I love my little brother
give away oh yeah yo here over a hundred
entries and spurred me on one day some
crazy girl and January 2nd it's official
Harris versus yg West is happening in
Los Angeles no not in Los Angeles
technically it's LA it's SoCal in the LA
area it's happening we'll give you guys
Downtown Disney we'll give you guys the
exact location this coming week but just
know get January 2nd off if you're in
SoCal it's a Saturday it's night time is
going to be probably around like 7:00 or
8:00 p.m.
our news game weekend New Year's Day
weekend it's going to be the second day
of the year it's going to be a great
matchup and there will be raffles there
will be an after-party so you're all
over the age of 20 and the 18 or 21 it
depends I think we're going to a place
that's 21 and make up 21
anyone so yeah January 2nd party with
the crew and dream crew socks will be
available man that's the move anyway
guys look where we are I don't know why
we're here but we are at Downtown Disney
this guy called me today I'll pick you
our definitely big make you laugh right
we're going to Downtown Disney
um just a long huh and have a good time
and I might just buy some gifts and make
it seem like we went it isn't it sure
and low-key you want to try to sneak in
to visit and you might put remind we
might come eat we just have to learn we
have to find people that are leaving in
ask them for anybody from the to work at
the UI that is not working exam stand oh
yeah man if anybody wears at Disneyland
I know you guys gets like three passes
every once in a while you know hook it
up with your boy you know what I paid
probably like $5,000 a year just to go
to Disneyland and shit but damn times I
think I am probably since I feel better
no no I can't remember I gotta pay for
my Easy's oh I got lucky
yeah this guy's got freakin Easy's off
adidas I got two pairs more for you yeah
so I did get the 750 boost I just folded
because I was supposed to be a cooking
later this week this all good so I have
a thought
I got a size 11 I'm not just traded so
anybody has an easy to solar size 11 I
wouldn't Kevin's worn and not that
beat-up uh I'll do a straight trade for
my ez 750 black you know where to find
them riff LA I'll let you boy we going
to Disneyland
to turn so as you guys know I'm rockin
72 tens because now I'm gonna say that
joke for later ok this guy I didn't know
what when did you pull these out he just
busted these at home let me get a close
shot because it looks like he just went
in some regular 9 so these are the
freaking door Becker's I had those men
and I asked him how much he paid he said
free so I had my boss and me tender
better luck and we bet on the USC
Stanford game we were gonna initially
bet $1,000 when the he backed out and
they went to travelin JIT and then he
kind of backed out and then so I put it
400 and he put up db9 it's time for beat
the fuck out SC xopen and you got him on
your feet now and you've been wanting
those for like a year now
I love the noise okay you guys go back
sweet young man tonight no Drake no
future taking over Disneyland down Plan
C collection unreleased joint everybody
got on the easy season Ivan had the same
jacket on earlier fam everybody got the
easy season 5 on today that's crazy
alright guys - the fireworks are going
off you can't see him but
we came at a perfect timing that's the
cool thing about downtown is like you
don't need to be in the park but a real
more - movies yeah all right guys we
missed it so I'm the worst vlogger in
the world man I always let you guys oh
okay now right when we walk away all the
freaking fire they used every single
firework known to man kya ridiculous hi
guys I got you see I got you check this
out I'm not gonna get take you in the
park but maybe we'll see I don't know if
it's gonna show maybe it will maybe
Halloween Taliban Taliban anyway that's
it for tonight guys I gotta keep it out
guess it's one a.m. hope you guys
enjoyed sneakerheads be like part 4 if
you did hit that thumbs up if you
haven't watched it go watch 30,000 views
in 6 hours I believe 7 hours it's
incredible man
thank you guys even though the channel
hasn't been active for two months still
tons of lovin it's incredible other than
that shoutout to the supreme reso game
too strong I'm selling these use boxers
for $10,000 if you want a cop I'm still
a world heavyweight champion shoe games
still dope love you guys
in what
