wait around
what's up crew TV fam your boy Harris
coming back at you
ice can put that stupid Caitlyn Bruce
Kylie Jenner bitch I want my damn ATM
card okay now that you guys saw that
we're gonna change that don't worry guys
what's up guys it's Harris here coming
back at you from the NorCal headquarters
of Cru TV you know I'm always pulling
stuff out of out of my I'm not a
magician but if you look at some older
vlogs something might say I'm a magician
you never know but yeah I might pull
some stuff out of my hat
I'm wearing a beanie today but you know
sometimes I like to wear different hats
so I got a surprise for you guys today I
don't know if you guys are ready I don't
know if we're ready right now cuz we got
was about to hit this car all right here
we go with me guys ready three shoot no
no you guys got to say with me say with
me ready okay this time for real three
two one
what are they what is this who are you
Paul George no return and I'm not
talking about Michael Jordan when he
came back to Washington so are you
wearing forty five right now huh Oh
Washington okay not when we took up
Rachel the gambling days you know they
don't want the crew to stay together
they don't want us to succeed they don't
want Harris to be loved they don't want
it sometimes our good comes through in
over terms that bad but sometimes the
bad overturns the good so it's kind of
like a like a double-headed coin
whatever you flip you're gonna get the
same freaking be like two-face Harvey do
so he just gave you guys the last 100
hundreds that he's been saving for the
past hundred was
Bay boys baby yeah so maybe you want to
say to the LA guys mocha just a week for
finals what do you have to save about
Achmed what about yg who's gonna lose oh
I told you guys I had a couple more
surprises
Popeyes meats what yeah one more for you
guys I just done you automatic how you
Chris so if you guys can pick one
sneaker on this law would it be
stuff let's see if I had to pick one
well there's all the bronze in there so
that's gonna be kind of okay more ammo
we use our if you have to pick one shoe
I just fuck your bitch that's some good
shit drugs okay you can pick from this
politic
from here from this power yeah okay can
I have two choices okay are those okay
Carmelo's you have the big ones of those
I don't know I have some baby
you only get one Chris just take like
ten hours OMG OMG i legit oh all right
these ones I don't know these count
retail for the whole pack though 500 I
don't you into the 29
all right Shawn what you guy
I came to see a whole are you go where
hold oh except you get a penalty stroke
for leaving the pin in I'm not a caddy
fam this looks like a golfer that's not
racist because the mating cycle woods
not racist Chris it's not racist fam
they does love chicken that's that's
something we know are you just trying to
distract me
Oh Murder She Wrote all right mate all
right mate here we go boating back
groceries
it's a just Saudi our service racks are
have you heard I mean watching about to
go one-on-one I got you all day see some
smart people in north cap there's some
dumb people in SoCal I don't understand
postgame is too strong way too strong
it's it's about just trash just trash
fast how about one two three four versus
then four up there no workhouses so guys
why are you fair game over NorCal guys
versus okay guys what do you say well
we'll eat those guys alive well eat you
guys alive man yes no one row they don't
on it so after I beat watching in the
one-on-one
me gustan swagga Diddy and Chris about
to take on about to take on case MOCA
Ahmed and yg four on four take it or
leave it
some offers on the table is that his
name in mocha vanilla venti how many
shots of vanilla one shots fired shots
fired
offer offer on the table so much to
think on my show is toast your jacket um
huh
we need the backpack when you got this
yeah brah 100 even Mike I'm living in
the future so the present is my past and
you can kiss my yeah and in this side no
disrespect
no disrespect none taken you look like
Willy Wonka Johnny Depp Willy Wonka oh
man oh man he's a knight
that's penguins bro come on they said it
was Mighty Ducks I just fucked your
bitch Gucci Sidney Crosby plays blur no
to be completely honest guys I swear
this is the biggest dicks this is the
biggest dick I've ever seen that is the
biggest dick I've ever seen welcome to
crew kicks on this NorCal explain what
you got on Cyber Monday
damn so good on feet every day my go-to
shoe you might have to I mean
swag the type of dude you really thought
that was my ex I spin I told you the
Mighty Ducks has a yes I have like an
Anaheim a turn ever don't do it let's do
it
so I go Diddy changed into another pair
of shoes the free will is the Kim
Kardashian's who wore it better
oh my gosh Oh Kris
notice how hair is pants actually fit in
sometimes sometimes you gotta grow up
where's they captain with some fam
flexing on one time I can't pull this up
because my calf is so big
watch watch you'll know about that calf
you know who say oh all right guys
signing out signing out from NorCal
headquarters what you guys guys say to
the Krissy family it feels good to be
back something's big come to
NorCal shoutout hunter k yeah I can't
believe that shit was dope
education along like this video
subscribe follow us on Twitter Instagram
everything Oh some singles let me know
yeah that too but appreciate you guys
for know I was supportive and I ain't
got a hundred K yet 100 K crispy chicken
up chickens shout to these two guys for
driving and coming out to Fremont
appreciate most how he's coming through
and we'll get jessica's jessica's mr.
T's T's crew TV North Cal headquarters
chi chi take care of SoCal headquarters
five on five five on five we just picked
up so high so you guys can pick up
someone and move not no mocha he's a
vanilla bean vanilla bean latte somebody
decides not easy I'm not made out of
Steel
