what's going on guys so as you saw I
just love being Doug why didn't just
leave BMW but yesterday I took my car to
BMW got it serviced oil changed all that
good stuff because I'm actually driving
the car to Vegas this weekend for
sneaker con I'm actually gonna be
putting my car inside of my event inside
the venue next to my booth at CREP
protect because I was like you know what
let's just take the cause car inside the
venue so I was like screw it you can
wash your car yeah I'm gonna wash my car
for sure because it morning like when I
get to Vegas I'm gonna wash it there
yeah cuz I don't want to take it and
dirty but BMW washed my car - so shut up
shoutout to Beverly Hills BMW but anyway
yesterday
quick quick clip from from no.9
yesterday two days ago quick clip from
two days ago I dropped off unknown to
the airport we said goodbye to him so
let's just flash to that real quick
alright guys so starting the oh oh my
starting the vlog off at the airport I'm
actually about to drop off I see aka
unknown to his flight back to London but
it's not gonna be too long a bit of a
gap between seeing each other because
I'll see you in a London London London
things next month
very very soon actually like literally
it's like three weeks away oh my god
yeah and then we'll see you in New York
for New York sneaker calling for sure so
we'll see you a couple times before the
end of the year but I'm gonna miss LA
look at the Sun I'm like glowing my
shots like glowing and it has to go back
to that gloomy London weather but we'll
see you soon
hope you had a good time preciate it
thank you for everything make sure you
guys check out this man's channel
killing it lately will link them down
below cuz I think I forgot to link you
the other day but we'll link up down
below uh uh
take that - down below yeah check it out
he killed a great content this weekend
and I'll see you guys back at the crib
now we're in San Diego good ministers
we've came to San Diego gonna do some
shopping
the weather out here a beautiful day
before we left Mina did an unboxing and
I have an unboxing later tonight which
I'm super super excited about literally
I've been talking about this sneaker for
a very long time and it finally just got
shipped to my crib
but until then Mina's got into boxing
while we get ready to park at the mall
you guys can watch that and hit the
intro right all right I'll let you say
it tell them to hit the intro since it's
your unboxing say hit the hit danger
what's in the box I know it's because
I'm totally not wearing eye makeup so
please make fun of me in the comment
section down below
welcome to another episode of unboxing
with me what's in the box
doo doo doo doo what's in the box and I
don't have like a cool cut or anything
so I'm using my mom's knife sorry mom in
advance okay here we have a lovely
cardboard box that I'm gonna unbox for
you all of your food but the real
question is what really is in the box
here you have it folks there's a really
great unboxing you have a great day no
really obviously we have with Nike box I
was just getting to the ice up for those
of you that know your shoes you guys
will know that it's a Jordan one box
thanks for cutting that I like it so the
moment of truth I'm actually really
really excited talking sports like
really excited you just can't tell in my
face cuz clear you guys think I'm never
excited for anything but that's it okay
great so
oh man these are way better in person so
here we have the Jordan one I guess it's
the satin version of the shadows but
it's was it as Elia I don't know her
name
yeah I think it says Elliot sounds good
huh yes also there alright what I really
like about the about this shoe is it has
like totally different textures going on
like I don't know if you can if the
camera really picks it up but you have
this satin and this right here is
corduroy so this is gonna be like my
first time having that on a shoe which
is cool because it looks cool but one
bad thing is if like it does pick up
like the lint and stuff but whatever you
know yo girl is gonna make it work the
question is what outfit am I gonna rock
with you know dream crew merch alright
guys so we just got to the mall right
now and we are about to go in and do
some shopping I definitely want to stop
at the Gucci store because yesterday I
was online on Gucci and they almost felt
they got some dope stuff like I don't
know if it was if it's out yet or not I
think a lot of the stuff was pre-order
there's some stuff that I was interested
in guys I literally just stepped in gum
- I'm just like pissed off because I
literally just undies these and then I
slept in gum and I left my cup protect
at your house cuz remember I was like
sharing my duffel your house it's gotta
always I gotta keep a crap in my wallet
always at all times
probably gotta check out the Gucci store
probably won't let us film in here but
whatever okay just some slight work at
the Gucci store nothing crazy Mina got a
wallet I got some socks now I'm only
Stan's gang but I think high-end doesn't
isn't really a competitor of Stan's so I
was like you know I need some Gucci
socks so got some Gucci socks so anyway
we've got about LV so we gotta turn the
camera off again you know the drill so
guys I saw this strap right here for the
LV bag and I have the LV bag but I never
use it because this strap it comes with
is literally like that pin and it hurts
so I think I'm gonna get this because
this is just swag I wanted to get the
blue one but I mean it says the blue
doesn't go with it look we I have the
checkered one right I had to check
advance I didn't get them on over
but this was this will still look dope
with it though yeah the color alright
guys so got a little Gucci yellow LV
nothing crazy simple pickups I also
bought some diesel jeans not diesel
g-star I got G start jeans I returned
one pair that I bought for like 300
bucks and then I got two for the same
price like they were on discount I would
say the one company which I wish I was
sponsored by which I always promote and
tag is G star
so if anybody had G stars watching you
guys are the perfect Jean I love you
guys as Jean this is not a paid ad yeah
she introduced me to G star before that
I was wearing Express expressed genes
and packs on jeans which I still will
wear I don't have a problem with paxton
jeans but like the comfort on g r g star
jeans last longer packs and jeans are
dope they fit perfect but g star jeans
last very very longer and i like like
literally i wear these black ones every
day so i had to buy some new black ones
o jacobs calling me
damn my phones blowing up today gucci
damn new and LaCava shit
all right guys back at the crib right
now it's currently like 1:30 a.m. I plan
to leave to Vegas at 8 a.m. again I am
driving so it's about 4 hour drive not
too bad happen it's gonna be going with
me I'm its cousin's coming with us too
so they'll be three of us you know
hopefully they will drive through
because I ain't trying to drive all the
way but anyway the package that I was
anticipating is here and then another
package is here too which I forgot was
coming but I know what it is and it's
pretty lit but anyway let me show you
guys what I picked up today like I told
you guys I picked up two jeans I got
these light blue jeans from G star if
anybody wonders what my jeans are it is
G star I know I mentioned that earlier
and then these black ones I get the
super slim fit this is the 3d super Sun
fit I mean I think 3d means like beta
it's extra stretchy like I told you guys
I did end up buying some socks from
Gucci these cost me a hundred freaking
dollars $100 Gucci socks they're
actually pretty swaggy and I usually
don't wear any other socks but stands
and this is a different type of vibe
this is like a high-end you know stunt
type of vibe you know I'm saying stance
is still 10 times better to be honest
with you like this paying 100 bucks for
this
this quality doesn't even compare to a
stance sock like to be honest with you
like this is a waste of money don't ever
pay $100 for a pair of socks
whenever I already bought it so I'm
gonna use it so yeah just a message to
you kids don't make stupid purchases
like me anyway let's open up these boxes
now because I'm freaking plumbing oh god
I don't even know how to say this right
now guys I have been waiting since
August for this shoe I literally bought
this shoe form three months ago for
months I don't know I've been waiting so
long for this damn shoe and people hate
this you literally every single time I
tweet about it people tell me they're so
ugly and this and that it's an acquired
taste I'll tell you guys that I have
never or have been before but I haven't
been this excited for a shoe in a very
very long time like I am going to look
at this I've seen am already in person
like a couple days ago I showed it to
you guys but anyway let's just hit the
intro
what's in the box so guys they just did
a whole unboxing right now but I forgot
to press record
anyway this wasn't even the shoe that I
was excited about I got another pair of
cause fours right here the friends and
family calls fours in the black this is
not my pair I'm just the middleman I
actually bought these for one of the
owners of creb Patek one of the big
bosses of CREP Patek so we don't know if
these are coming out they might come out
might not come out it might be a
different version of this sneaker that's
coming out maybe with the plastic like
j23 did with the with the netting on
here but as of right now friends and
family we got two of the pairs in this
house right now so all right now to the
main package that we're opening today
the one I've been waiting for what's
that one number that comes after 699 700
yes oh my god finally man finally thank
God now now when I first saw the shoe I
didn't think there was boost on it I
didn't even think it was an Adidas
sneakers out it was another one of those
sneakers like the EZ CREP boots that was
just a sneaker that Kanye made but then
Kim posted them and she posted it with
3m and there's three stripes right here
so and you see that with the 3m you know
it's there and then she showed us the
bottom and there's Boost all on the
inside I love this that that little
orange right there the colorway is fresh
like I'll be honest with you guys this
sneaker if this exact sneaker was inside
of a Payless I would still buy it I
would still say that this shoe is dope
this looks like a dad sneaker this looks
like a soccer coaches shoe he killed it
with this one adidas killed it with this
one like they just did a fantastic job
with this I'm sorry I'm excited for
these I'm excited for all the rest of
the easies coming out this year they fit
a little bit tighter I should have got a
ten and a half damn it
go a half-size up guys go a half-size up
well these are so clean oh my god
these are not leaving my feet after this
weekend for like a month I promise you
and these are going on my trip with me I
need another pair I'm gonna buy another
pair mabye ten and a half just cuz this
pair is kind of small on me definitely
recommend going a half-size up on these
BAM oh my god I'm so happy that I got
these bro these are so cool
oh my god if you guys could see the 3m
you could see the three stripes now and
even the orange right there is 3m that's
crazy
this is the Barack Obama's it's
currently now 3 a.m. we bout to head out
at 8 a.m. still gonna wake up you know
I'm saying we out here grinding but
anyway I'm about to start packing and
then I'm gonna edit this vlog then we
gonna call it a day
fire kicks game fire kicks is about to
have the most lip booth but to have the
mostly booth at the sneaker con he's
selling all of his complex called pick
ups I'm gonna do special prices for a
sneaker con because they show so much
love so it's gonna be the most
discounted prices you'll see but still
fire kick prices until tomorrow I'll see
you guys later
oh yeah
