I'm dead serious when I say this this is
the best decision of my life the best
buy of my life the best everything okay
I've been using the same style trimmer
for the past since high school
I can remember since high school have
been using this for my beard and it only
comes in three lengths so every time I
want to trim my beard I do it too short
and I always regretted for the past like
10 years finally I decided you know what
let me try a new one so I went to
talking about when I went to tar yes and
yesterday's vlog I actually bought a new
one this is the best decision I've ever
made in my entire life this new thing
right here this is the perfect length
right here this is amazing I'm so happy
got a haircut beard is trimmed down I
feel like a million dollars yeah man so
if anybody's needs a nice beard trimmer
I do it was fifty bucks super dope
check this out fifty dollars a nose
trimmer come on fam we know a lot of
people need that nose trimmer and they
don't use it they need that even girls
finally it is not freaking freezing in
LA back to the old classic California
weather I'm heading out for the first
time all day
I got a few easy 750 raffles to enter
because you guys know how the drill goes
and now I'm not gonna vlog I'm not gonna
title this vlog hi there were in Easy's
again doesn't it like three times I am
going to I do have my camera with me
just in case I decide to film today cuz
I'm better safe than sorry especially
when I'm linked when I'm linking I can't
talk today especially when I'm linking
up with outfit yg later on alright guys
so
there's a lot a lot a lot of negative
feedback in yesterday's vlog people are
complaining that there's too much
sneaker related content in the vlogs
guys a vlog is waking up and grabbing my
camera and going through my day so
whatever I'm doing today I'm gonna show
you guys so if I have sneaker related
every single day then that's what my
vlog is gonna be I do apologize I'm not
trying to be a dick I'm not trying to be
rude but you can't bash me for for
showing my life and my life being I'm
having a lot of sneakers in it like I
like sneakers you know what I'm saying
if I like the cooking I would be cooking
all the time and then you guys would say
oh you've cooked too much and then
another thing number two a lot of people
said got mad that I talked about the guy
wearing fake Easy's they thought I was
trying to make myself feel better cuz I
have real ones no it wasn't about that I
wasn't even thinking about that it's
just as a sneakerhead fakes are very
frowned upon and it's just funny to us
like in the sneaker game I'm not here to
look better than anyone
I don't wear Yeezys to try to shit on
anyone I don't wear I don't buy sneakers
for anybody else's enjoyment i buy it
because for myself because I like it
because I think it's dope so I wasn't
doing that in a way to make myself look
bigger or better than anybody so if you
guys got the wrong idea from that I
apologize I will not expose or try to
show other people weren't fakes I'm
sorry if you guys took it the wrong way
my apologies and yeah
that's that now let's go and win some
shoes so I'm outside this store right
here called drift where if
spend 20 bucks to get a raffle ticket so
the every 20 bucks to spend you can get
around the ticket I don't know if we'll
buy anything but I think this is
probably a good chance that when the
easiest is I'm sure a lot of people
don't want to pay 20 bucks for a raffle
ticket so we'll see so guys I ended up
spending 45 dollars to get two tickets
and I didn't know what else to get so I
got I thought it would be necessary to
buy the Stan's Star Wars sock since I
already wanted these the Darth Vader so
I got those too I'm gonna wear it when I
won't go watch Star Wars tomorrow about
to meet with the mom would brothers but
I just wanted to show you guys this
beautiful view man appreciate life and
its beauties put your tablet's down put
your iphones down mother nature is ten
times more entertaining than QoP will
ever be and that's a fact
Oh which one was it
what's the word on this 750 third 15
they're gonna be more limited than the
gray one swing
yeah I don't know I think it's even bro
honestly to get one so guys I got a new
addiction it's called Bulba y'all should
Juba y'all should check it out I got put
onto it by one of my homies out in the
hood shouts out to to town el segundo
repping why do you best
what's up man how you doing I hope you
find somebody I hope you find somebody
his life's not easy I'm not made out of
steel don't forget that I'm human don't
don't forget that I'm real hi amazing
funeral they be the same at your funeral
this is your grave kissing your grave
missing your great
alright guys so we just entered another
raffle over at champ Sports in Santa
Monica we thought Paxson was gonna get
it over here but they did not end up
getting it so that's a fail so I entered
a total of two
five six five six I believe I entered
six raffles so fingers crossed
who made this I heard about that
actually I heard about that actually
heard about that action okay so we are
here it is beautiful Los Angeles
whatever the hell it is man we shooting
the intro for watch us thank you sir
as you guys saw from the hotline gleam
music video very similar setting this
area you have to have some inspiration
for that you know I'm saying none of
these softly hi Mila whose house are you
whose house are you at where's your
sister at Mila
yo somehow someway we ended up at the
Grove again not again
Oh Willa Weston you can never check back
to back we're doing some more shots for
while us intro praise a little thing
this little show that is not little big
soon to be just because I'm not that big
you will never be crew kids mother oh
yeah
stop it you know what I might have to
just take you into Star Wars lightsaber
fan we're gonna get chewed up in the
code so yeah we're shooting some chance
for watch us show that he's gonna be put
together for the channel nike's open
that's a good sign for me
alright guys so we bout to call it a
night hope you guys did enjoy today's
vlog wish me luck I'm not the caller and
family still doing here I thought you
left
I'm only nice to you then with those
boxers or shoes yeah why is everybody
yes that these are these are cuz that is
hard
these are shorts but I wanna I want to
get the long pants cause it's cold
show show them the intro just you show
up a sample this is a The Godfather was
at work
that's a I just know G when does it
start like sides it the 23rd idealism am
I gonna see all these guys rejected the
good movie to me because they all want
to go watch your freaking body but this
video I haven't asked them to get a
number and I want thumbs up but surely a
three thousand happy they got seven
thousand thumbs up two weeks ago yeah
because that was for Harris to come that
leg but is he coming hello
thanks here's all right Morello we'll
see you guys tomorrow with another vlog
about you guys suppose me I heard this
is an exclusive crew cake suppose I
heard that that alright I was gonna come
and that's why the black one got pushed
