second best excuse for being crazy I'll
be so infatuated with good one imagine
me I just know my face time and I'll
never see them faster baby look at me I
haven't driven you in two days but
actually I did Drive another day but
just to go across the street
whats good everyone because I'm having a
great day it's freezing I don't know why
the freaking AC was on I need gas
it's can o'clock in the morning I've
been up since 17 17 for everybody else
that's wondering sneaker has to be like
was oh my god what are you doing lady
sneakerheads be like wasn't it
sneaky bitch be like was originally
supposed to come out Friday but it's not
done it's coming out Sunday and that's
on my my life a hundred percent
sneakerheads be like part four will be
up this Sunday if I don't if it doesn't
get uploaded on Sunday I'm dead I died
that's the only reason why I wouldn't go
up so sneakerheads be like this Sunday
I'm sorry for the way no little Wayne
stay tuned man that's gonna be dope
video I'm telling you guys it's gonna be
a dope one with that being said the
future of sneakerheads be like the
series is in your hands people because
if this one doesn't do good we're doing
no more but all the other ones have done
great so yeah I don't know why I'm so
hyper right now but let's have a good
day guys yo what up guys I've been
running around all day the easies come
out this weekend I'll be calling stores
non-stop there's so many stores getting
them which is good but it's just a
hassle because their phone lines are
busy busy busy there's a few rifles
tomorrow about the interim trying to
find out if there's any available today
I don't think there's any today
we need to call but I'm starving haven't
even ate it's almost 2 o'clock man
sometimes he's got to switch it up man
got the Pusha T inspired tubulars on I
haven't wore these in a minute so I
thought I would bust them out I guess we
are out here in the streets of Little
Tokyo you fit in well G not you feeling
you know you got did you tell anybody
we've got you use all your uses to Oh
guys so apparently so I gave my easiest
to rip and apparently cuz I had a size
four and a half just obviously super
small if I women I can buy it and guess
who got my shoe Jane Aiko she mother
shoot oh yeah
I don't mean to I don't mean to I don't
mean to
what do you got on then those are the
Chuck Norris 15 Chuck Norris 350 spam
Chuck Norris defending stand
inspiration somewhere between that
cutting and I got it okay hi guys so we
just came to the riff officer I be
showing us something as you guys know
but all the people that visited riff
they've had what is it Bob like 20 to
apply 23 pack on display but they're off
a display they will no longer be at the
shop they got sold we can't say for how
much but Christmas is easy
yes okay um I want to be friends with
this person there's only one shoe
there's nothing I want to get SS it's
all white oh the SFF store yeah we
should just make this a whole cookies
video
that's like the ones that come out next
year yeah yeah they're pretty cool
all right this is the leather on here's
is nice it's really tumble yeah these
are like terms are coming out virtual
that is it just one of the iPhone came
casual comment that you g7x game sees
him next year
I'm not a big fan of the fives remember
this is the supreme pump so the prey 5
I'm sampling you see that how the boxes
say boom that means it's a sample
really it's the coolster which is our
second example drink yeah this is
another yeah you been tonight yourself
right you know they had the all I wish
you call the white pairs on this play
this is so white and red flowers you can
match ladies oh my god brought applause
this they've been had this this sick
equality they never released it to us
the tumbler is mine let see Maddie I
can't she's a little anymore
laser print twos Dan I'm saying Shanna
to bark expire kids here are the what
size are they all nine thanks yeah to
yellow though how much you're one of
those go for like yeah la machine well
this is when he did it with the baseball
think I'm naked still did the man with
him but no but she's a fresh colorway
there's no calling supposedly I heard
that this is the exclusive crew cake so
pull the head up that alright one's
gonna come on that's right a black
rapper sure know really mellow
eleven's coming up in a pathway
hopefully it's not a pack I don't want
to coming back if it goes up hey let me
see this is basically the anniversary
with the red bottom and the birthdays I
like it like lasers though oh wait this
is from yellowing or it's supposed to be
like that don't know I think it's
supposed to like no I think it's gold
was a white that's random for them to
throw that on there yeah that doesn't
look like it's yellow
yeah I've never seen a eight that
doesn't have a print on the right here
right here under this thing Jack me
while I'm crazy
oh no goldish time these are
phrase my friends are in every room so
do my Grandpop wait I told you your
first me to chosen my first shoe my dad
got me little plate up this early
mine's the cherries I'm gonna kill my
boy get up my night job niggas trying to
bite traffic in casual I'm here you the
game fast-moving another watch makes
like me I feel out of it that's my best
excuse for being lazy do you ever I take
a message queues for being crazy
I'll be so infatuated because one
invention made by Janome on a starving
I know Oh yo what's up guys so we back
home now we filmed the scene for
sneakerheads to be like outside or if
we're about to film another one out here
let's take a look at this yeah freakin
beautiful man anyway I just got a
package I'm not going to open this one
on crew kicks I'm open this one for
y'all because if I open this one for
crew kicks y'all gonna be like oh this
shoe again so just do right now 72
please I think it's or not but
they sent the congratulations letter
what is this a conversation with
Ledger's gratulations on being the owner
of the Air Jordan 11 retro toggle I
brought real change
bout to go a nice run club with Billy in
the gang after we go to our golf club
meeting to go for a little morning jog
guys hi guys so I finally got a freaking
haircut I know it looks all professional
you did
this fixed up I usually just fix with my
hands but the barber did it I still need
to go trim my beard and we got a special
guest I heard about that I heard about
that actually we didn't even meet up we
just walked through the barber shop and
he was already getting cut but we busted
just checkout c31
so we just same two dudes walk in here
with some fake Yeezys dog so fake imma
see if I could get a video but it's
ridiculous man so so fake smile for the
ego fam
oh the sudden these are real
all of a sudden dr. rafael a shout-out
to a hundred and Rafael a riffle a Jaime
Jaime thank you
who's 100 your hundred shout out to 100k
oh thank you I know she talking about I
made I know you've been at my AP finals
is upon us but not for me but oh my god
oh my god
I think the person strategy is is just
walk hella fast didn't know we made eye
contact when they're coming out the door
and I was gonna have really got the
front
Hey did youdid even look at me to try
thing you saw your pair that's what yeah
that's actually you asked them please
believe you yeah what up guys so ending
my night with a little very rare since I
moved to LA you guys have rarely seen me
go to Target but I'm gonna go to Target
the reason for that being is just it's
not as close as it was from back home
it's about a 20-minute drive back home
it was like a 10-minute Drive I know
that's not a lot shouts out to the OPL
rep store right here it's like freakin
come to Target and then my mind just
goes blank I can't remember why the hell
I came oh but you know what I do need is
like a launch an extra laundry basket
not a lot like an actual I don't even
know what I'm trying to say right now
man I'm just too hard I'm just gonna
look around until I find something
basically like every time I come to
Target all right guys that's gonna wrap
up today's vlog super quick target run
was a success
so now it's time to go
back on the Edit grind was my falling
out man
and before I go I gotta say man actually
as you guys know Jamie the great his
little brother actually has a YouTube
channel and he's having a giveaway where
he's giving away some crew seasoned
socks as well as a slick living
autographed hat from Cleo's brand and
let me see here I can give you guys the
full info I use if you guys want to
enter this contest first of all the link
is in the description box of this video
you know what actually I'm not even
gonna make you guys read that if you
guys want to enter click the link in the
description box down below
from there I don't know if I'm glory
right now and make sure from there you
can enter and win Dream Cruise socks
which show up some love let them know
that you guys are from the crew and the
I sent you and yeah that will wrap up
today's vlog I do appreciate every
single one of you guys for tuning in man
another day in my life I will be back
tomorrow with another one
no dj khaled and yemen everybody a great
day
Plus up
all right guys
