cut that out
good morning guys welcome to crew TV
hope everyone's having a fantastic
morning for antastic foreign tastic huh
fantastic day it's currently 8:30 a.m.
this is about the time I wake up every
day but usually I wake up and I stay in
bed and start editing Wow my calves are
burning right now that aftermath of the
first day back in the gym
anyway I'm up early I'm bout to head
across the street to the Grove to go cop
the kairi's I've been wanting a new
basketball shoe I've been leaning
towards the adidas Oh David called
ultralights no crazy lights but I can't
convert to adidas like that yet I've
been wearing a lot of ideas but on the
court I trust only nightly so wolf
now they told me yesterday well I think
they told me 9 a.m. got 10 more minutes
till 9 a.m. but hopefully not because I
just want to get the shoes and go back
home and start editing
Oh
Oh
now of course I'm gonna be doing a full
review of these all crew kids today but
well I'm not gonna be doing it some of
other youtubers are gonna be doing it
but here's just a quick look at them I
think it's a super dope colorway man the
back of the shoe it's just an amazing
design imagine the shoe without a strap
I know someone's gonna do it someone's
gonna take the strap off see what I
don't understand is why everyone tags me
on Instagram on stuff that has like yes
I have these shoes but that's not me man
everyone keeps tagging me like 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12
like people keep tagging me That's not
me man just cuz she's doing
fire cakes got the fire toes
do your pose remember the poses we were
practicing show your face you just got
slapped by Stephanie McMahon Oh
Bollywood meets WWE you got the to step
in I guess but we had anything right now
basically doing editing today's crew
kicks video but this video is up already
so this went up yesterday so you're late
if you haven't seen it dudes eating
cereal and elevator family never seen
that YouTube history we just going right
now bad make some holes popping up since
7 a.m. but you never stopping never
stopping business dad I made a business
value so much that ya keep some 100
fired kicks what's the next hot shoe on
the block you're not gonna get us a new
truck
looking like a marble floor today
there are shots out for this stuff right
here this is amazing please try this man
makes you smarter alright guys so we're
about to start filming right now popular
demand check out this setup for the
video what's up huh
this box right here damn oh that that.oh
someone said your dad game was weak in
my other blog alright guys you better
start man look at the aftermath of a
shooting look at this mess we made and
fire cakes came through check this out
man this is one of the dopest things in
the box that they gave us i'ma show you
guys a quick little preview we got the
styrofoam popular demand cups that is
not a bad drink that's actually the blue
drink so shout out to the homie what up
what up
it's blank popular demand I'm the
founder and CEO appreciate you all doing
this so thank you for having us man
here's know a lot it's gonna be good
Thank You Man appreciate it all right me
and the young kid footprints
we are on the way to undefeated and
Silver Lake to enter the raffle for the
easy 750 booze black triple black this
shoe was like the most the easy that has
like the least amount of information on
release stuff like we just found out
that they have a raffle for this and it
ends in 10 minutes so we're trying to
get there right now I'm ready alright
guys so let's check out this line we
made it just in time
we always like to rhyme undefeated oh
wow the line is all the way around if
you guys could see that's crazy
alright guys so third uber ride of the
day was a success back home I really
like this hoodie this 15 heavy boots
dope as hell I got the one and only but
sometimes it's good to have to do the
same blood around and I ain't talking
about gang members I'm talking about the
one the only wide us yeah then Fido and
all of a sudden us sees how you doing I
miss you guys
all of a sudden here cut boys they're my
audience hasn't seen it yet yeah yeah no
they have it my arm my audience no it's
been like no a sweat in it like two
three weeks they just in your hair and
rajma 92 degrees you're not ugly
Christmas better accommodations so we
played 2k right now we got like ten
seconds Westbrook you're so lucky when
you are sold on the Rockets on the baby
30 seconds less yeah tie game on wall
you know we got to move OH - OH
each one doctor - doesn't matter
let's go let's go - the reason why we
gave him the ball three overtimes all
right guys
the man prevail shouts out to james
harden yo fam how does it feel you got
that Chloe in you I mean you and the
Chloe yeah it was really good fam she
she she good
you know I'm saying what you lookin at
fired kicks van damme lose my cap
reunited okay brethren the kappa ooo
with us hey hey he's the one reppin all
wrong colors yeah
hey hey fam come here
what you rep cut talk then that's not
talked about look like a movie theater
okay guys so we're gonna go grab some
subway as bad as I want pizza
I gotta hold my you know damn I forgot
to send Harris to freakin charger piss
anyway yeah we're gonna go eat right now
cuz we're hungry and then we're gonna
poop again back to three days in a row
I'm going to the gym back-to-back proud
of me I'm so proud of you and that's
like glad you guys finally done with
finals yeah hope to get it yeah we all
hope together for the first time like so
yeah you could you be Paul George I'll
be Kyrie okay
I was gonna say Brian Scalabrine like
Nikolas I should I did call him they
call us it's IEP oh yes
you ready for Harris that's the question
I got one more than one word only look
down fight on hey man it's all love even
though we might the shit the shiitake
will commence sooner or later they will
commence but you know what it's all love
at the end of the day Ares
I think I just just already planned the
next matchup that's not like I say
already play the next batch I'm not even
I'm not even thinking about this one G I
don't think about this this is like
Mayweather when he fought Berto
hey any of you think about this repose
that's about the retirement and now we
go live to free to the Bay Area where we
have regular D standing without with
Harris man even when I eat healthy these
guys behind on me bro
I'm out here I got a Subway sandwich you
know gotta have the ranch the burger I
mean sandwich the chips the haters y'all
make me famous shout-out to my haters
they didn't want us to go to the gym
three days in a row they didn't want us
to walk no but I haven't done it once in
my vlogs I was gonna click bait this
once a DJ counter just do one impression
for the very sick oh you I thought we'd
do it together
no uh you do your best DJ Khaled
snapchat impression you got a point down
the stars
you see guys this is the pathway to
success you know i'ma say blessed up
another one you know they don't want you
to work out they don't want you to go in
the gym they don't want you to cross see
me yes me
you see I says what Fame they don't want
you to walk don't you know why they want
you to crawl man they want you to crawl
well you know what what we gonna do we
gonna crawl we all fly are we gonna fly
okay
as communications yeah you already did
fam we're done with that no more no more
snapchat snapchat yeah do probably for
like a couple more days but it's gonna
go all but he's a genius for bringing
that type of shit wait are you gonna
sneak in here fem are you gonna like
just going I mean are you just thinking
are you gonna actually like sign up you
know I like playing basketball on this
gym because I like to be surrounded by
stars blessed surrounded by the best
this is the only thing that kills me man
this is why my freaking calves have been
hurting is cuz these freakin stairs that
make you go up all right guys here we go
hoop session I'm actually about to break
in the Kyrie that I bother
just ball his life man we buy our shoes
for the purpose that they are made with
hi guys we just got done whooping like
us
I'm in Italy playing we only played two
games
we won one we lost one some dude just
got across that so bad he fell on the
floor it's ridiculous imma go trying to
see if I could see this footage one time
he filming
now you didn't push you I took a bit I'm
kind of feeling this beanie season fam I
usually think I look ugly and be nice
but I think it's cuz the beard but the
beards are gonna be gone tomorrow
yeah mature me cuz I'm gonna get a
haircut so alright guys but we've gotta
call it a night
first of all first impressions on these
well they were pretty well you gotta
wait till next week to find out how they
were dude I don't know if it's my screen
or if it's the lighting but like a
yellow line is going yeah cuz it did
that shit in my kitchen yesterday
any last words fan so wanna see what's
up Deborah what's up oh damn
the storm comes she'll be slipping
sometimes
