what's good dream crew family good
morning
hope everyone's have let me close my
windows crazy windy out here in Los
Angeles I mean still blessed because
that's way better than it's snowing or
raining out here because we live in the
West Coast we live in California we
don't have to deal with all that what we
deal with rain but not snow but anyway
before you judge me I'm wearing the same
exact outfit as yesterday and the reason
for that is not because I'm a lazy
disgusting person it's because I want to
wear this outfit for the video we're
about to shoot right now so I just
really like it I love this sweater that
I got and switched it up
we got the winter vibes going on with
the Timberland esque
Air Force Ones all of a sudden Air Force
Ones about to go link up with us Matt do
I know and and bang out we're gonna
start filming and then um we're filming
a prank and then we're filming we're
filming a prank and then we're gonna
film some scenes for sneakerhead to be
like sneakerheads to be like we'll be up
next week so I'm super excited for that
and then what was I gonna say okay so
I've been up since 7:00 a.m. man
it's Saturday I've been up since 7:00
a.m. woke up cop to 72 tends not for
myself but for my brother-in-law he
wanted him so I copped it for him and
then something hit me I was like you
know how we've been hyping up this whole
yg West versus Harris one-on-one
basketball challenge I wanted to know
how many of you guys would come if we
set it up for for like a literal event
you know what I'm saying for free free
of cost it will be in Southern
California so we'll be somewhere around
this LA area so if you're in the LA area
who would come out and watch comment
down below or tweet me or
yeah yeah tweet me or comment down below
if you would come so I could get a good
a number of how many people would
actually show up because last time we
did an la event it wasn't we didn't get
the best turnout I don't know if it was
because people didn't want to pay for
tickets or what it was but if we do this
one will be totally free of charge and
you guys will get to watch the matchup
of century and I'm trying to make it
happen within the next month so let me
know what you guys think about that I
hate you guys up when we link up with
mr. Rai around at Rory hi guys is
finally back the return weight or even
fat cool finals
worst of all this let's acknowledge that
you got the new uh Hovey oh you know the
more stitching is coming in soon just
wait on it we've got a way what you got
right here bro we got some bread guys
breakfast sub again making something egg
and cheese fire cakes of food addition
goat addition new channel coming soon
this with what's the news to us a new
sneaker on the block these days on the
block let me show you later oh yeah yeah
branch thank you these are the new
speakers on the boss damn we still kind
of drop right now but you know we can
you can make some move higher kicks you
heard it here first so right at 12
o'clock I'm a click and buy I gotta put
it right here you just keep refresh or
cool oh I put and I put the wrong
password yeah didn't you just log into
your account password I told you they'd
do that I don't know whose food pals
keep taking two minutes of the console
dambisa getting I messed up huh mine
says processing logistic it mindset look
okay yeah yeah I know you just wait oh
how did you do before me because I put
my password at before you but you said
pastor I had already press Enter no now
we're in line you know there's an IQ I
think that's hard
let's go when your vlog game is off the
two weeks that every ball blog anymore
harder than it looks
hi guys so we're about to so we were
this guy trying to vlog while I'm
vlogging oh it's going down fam but
we're in the line right now for the 7210
in epic line whether they call 9211
because there's a one-sample gaming I
don't know the same all of a
sudden fam oh you got it - yeah all of a
sudden bro they ain't on fire cakes hey
they don't want to stick his shoes they
don't want it are we gonna get it just
wait
so guys we're at LACMA right now we
decided to come over here and do the
prank ready for the best reaction pump
yeah we're waiting for the very best
reaction we just want to find the one
girl we just make society look so bad so
bad and this videos going to be up in
like a week or two so this is going to
go up after sneakerheads to be like so
just remember this moment right here
with the beautiful lack but I've never
been here in the daytime but it's about
to go down fam you see that girl right
there just she's the one get look over
let's go expose this girl alright guys
man we just got done doing this
experiment and we just got a crazy
reaction crazy
you guys gotta watch this one for sure
like literally I felt really bad doing
this experiment I almost like shed a
tear a little key like it was really
emotional Oh like it's um it's
eye-opening that's for sure yeah so this
one's going to be up in a few in like
two weeks
it's unfortunate man it's probably one
of my like deepest videos ever like I
don't you don't usually see me doing
this type of stuff but it was crazy uh
yeah but it's gonna be coming up soon
I'll keep you guys posted so stay tuned
right now we're actually to go head back
and start filming some scenes for
sneakerheads be like part 4
make sure the tab yeah
why she don't need no introduction I
think company with you right now
no those are the seven second
13b sure
just know Peter to us what's up you
guys hello get some love advice why
people went in on you today I'm Turk I
haven't checked either how long we're
not in the blog you're in there for more
than half of all adult iMessage you're
shooting day are there going to watch it
give some love advice fire kicks collab
riff in fire kicks club right now follow
this guy called me to him in the reso
game was high but he'll they were gonna
pick you know I always fair all tributes
right because Charla I was next to him
oh wait this is not amazing yeah
Oscar sure I got everybody know I love
any Monday I'm about the money remember
that's the white one and that was love
with dr. Jamie
alright guys that's that's enough of
Jamie so yeah I'm loud I'm here at work
beautiful if I were you but you just
said that you don't get another hundred
people coming here yeah they do come in
your shopsite when I comes in I had it
work in them back for a week ago people
were coming in traffic pictures guys
don't ask him he's the plug but you can
give you know discount like I love you a
slice of the ends don't you plug me up
with this it's come on family
I can do I can do something guys but I
can't give you everything
20:15 santa claus be like alright guys
so we just got to cpk check this out
yeah i got some olive oil this is a
virgin margarita
and you guys it should be illegal okay
there should not be a there should not
be such thing as salad on the freakin
pizza
this is the travesty yeah what do you
have to say for yourself
oh this is so much boss can I get some
ranch
that's what we get not good sorry
probably of the book which pizza was
better than the salad are this not what
was horrible 235 I like it
so annoying our guys we back in
tradition at the Beverly Center
confident you're gonna do the easy game
yes sir
I go you just get some more ways we can
you hear I'm gonna do it yeah
or do they do this one right here that
the first one they even telling me to do
the middle one and I think that's the
one where somebody won yeah they did
turtle does
I rock like
why don't you look at this angle before
you do you want me to coach you all
right
I'll keep going keep going
stop oh dude down right there we got it
we got it stopping you wanna cash out of
it Oh too much of the right
how's it doc let me try one you're gonna
mess up on your first love
hey guys I guess in charge of logging
how much money are you gonna spend I
spent fifty it's okay you see miss
Molloy it's okay how does it feel not
winning and other prayer visas that you
already have
yeah and that's why I gotta stay
positive do you have
Wow I've tried
they don't want you to win the game they
don't want you to win Easy's they don't
want the key to success look he may need
a success
tell the folks at home what you guys
just come wow this was vlogging when I'm
kind of love this TV game is really
solid right now because you don't have
nobody's dying over sneakers anymore you
can just a little footlocker at what
time of the day at 8 p.m. and go by the
holiday Jordan 11 usually through the
diode is but we just walked in with
footlocker yes you're distracting me 338
shut up I've got some to chicken okey
but hitherto have a number on about a
400 to me so very strong if you don't
want to shoes just because they're not
selling out you're gonna stick your game
to the wrong piece it's alright alright
for the shoes but I'm burning I'm
burning of a song
oh my god you doing a great job
