welcome to crew t.v you see if you
follow your dreams you can end up seeing
the world and things like this
hi Harry guess what it's everybody else
it's snowing in canada and the homie
over there was your name get mad akma
there we go once i get away they say you
say Oh Jim two on three one two three go
allergy
are you a bitch
finally got him a gun case is one of
those rare breeds you know you don't see
them too often it's like a unicorn but
he's not a unicorn you fill me
in the arms
luck
you
well nothing wrong hey thanks for
bringing the rate that lid
do you suffer from back pain my back
thank you to everyone who's believed in
my dreams believe in everything I stand
for it's part of the crew you guys are
freaking amazing we are just getting
started this is nothing man i can't stop
right here i can't say that i'm
satisfied because we just made me more
hungry man this made me want to get out
there and start shooting new things and
getting on different networks and doing
that kind of stuff for you guys so thank
you man this is for you guys is for my
family's for my friends for all my
dreams for everything mode this is for
about like this is amazing you know I
can
what good crew kicks Oh cookie what's
good crew TV Oh as you guys can see I'm
super happy it's crazy man I mean I
don't know what to say honestly we just
hit a hundred thousand subscribers like
30 minutes ago on crew TV it doesn't
show up on the channel itself for you
guys but me since I see like the
behind-the-scenes statistics and
everything we hit a hundred thousand
subscribers I'm waiting for it to go
public in order to uh to uh make an
official oh no it does show oh it shows
whoa would you look at that man a
hundred thousand subscribers not a
hundred thousand we got an extra 24 on
their baby shouts out to Kobe what's up
crew TV family hope everyone is doing
well this is another segment of wise
harris vlogging crisis bitch I want my
damn ATM card all right yeah there's a
little dumb-dumb think I so it does all
right well change it one day just wanna
say a huge huge huge thank you to you
guys we just hit a hundred K on this
channel man I got some surprises for you
guys today so of course is big it's
gonna be a big vlog today q was taking
care of everything in the socal
headquarters I'm going to take care of
everything in the norcal headquarters
today so um it's gonna be a lot of fun
hope you guys are ready try to make try
to have a fun vlog for you guys today
maybe a couple special guests who knows
you know you know I'm always pulling
stuff out of my pocket you know out of
my shirt pocket yeah we'll see okay guys
we'll see you all right whatever fuck I
think I got more emotional than I did
then then when the main channel hit okay
and I think the reason for that is just
being that the Ku TV audience is like
they love the vlogs and it's like my
everyday life you know I mean so they
really know me and they really mess with
me so it was really it meant way more to
me to be jhanak thousand on this channel
in such a short amount of time honestly
this smile is not going to go off of my
face today I want to thank each and
every single one of you I make a lot of
promises that I don't keep I know that
but it's times like this that make me
realize that I do owe you guys a lot and
that's a lot of dope main channel videos
more vlogs crew cakes man it's been
consistent thank god I've been able to
do that for you guys so you're probably
wondering what I'm going to do today um
first off before I tell you what I'm
gonna do today I was gonna under yes a
pair of shoes today for the hundred
thousands of vlog and I was getting
ready to wear my shattered backboards
orden ones cuz you know that's a shoe
that I really wanted all year and I
finally got it in my size and I was
putting them on and then I was just like
I can't wear these and you'll find out
tomorrow why I can't wear them so I'm
gonna you'll find yeah you'll find out
tomorrow why can't wear them but I just
decided to wear something that I've been
wearing a lot lately which is my cyber
monday Jordan ones so shout out to these
and then I'm actually I'm gonna go and
hang out with a friend of mine we're
gonna go to the mall just hang out it's
a chill day I have to edit a little bit
but we're gonna take a break and edit
later because I have to upload I still
have to upload crew kicks today and um
also on crew kicks today I'm showing my
entire yeezus clothing and sneaker
collection so that's a really big video
for me if you guys know me you know i'm
a big yeezus Kanye fan hi Beast whatever
you want to call it so that's on the
crew kids today and um yeah so it's
gonna be a chill day yeah man okay no
more talking I love you guys 100k vlogs
special we got some special guests here
we're taking to a special place first up
hey buddy shout out to my blue hairs and
Tyson 100 cake the shout out to you bet
thank you guys and shout out to ball
tomorrow we got zeeshan here he missed
out last time yeah I missed out mr. king
yeah we gotta we ought to bring them on
next time hey third special guest fahad
all right now we're at a loss report
first up frizzy Sean first up two
counties that is a min got some bacon in
there you got some eggs no onions though
we don't like onions that's the right
they called me right there yeah golf
hockey for patty's right here for
Patti's just painting something man what
is it called the badmash burger oh
alright guys so since this is the honda
subscriber vlog and usually I go to
regular targets we had to take it up a
notch because I am young target so today
we are at bam super target this is some
next-level you fill me young target in
here I got my laptop too so I'm actually
going to use their Wi-Fi to upload
today's crew kicks video now we're gonna
have a good time do I getting pretty
special guest today hi guys imma get an
introduction No hi so can't cook target
shop right now everyone's eating I'm
just like
this is what you call true dedication
you got the Wi-Fi uploading your vlog
while you talk not vlog crew cakes while
you target shop guys this target is
freaking huge look at the lights you can
get your glasses over here you can like
buy groceries over here this is for his
this been all my life that guy so I
didn't buy anything from target of all
this one another hand but happy cosmetic
section but we're about to go watch a
movie right now we're gonna watch the
Christmas movie what is it called the
night before I've been dying to watch
this movie yeah watch this movie so
definitely you know your boy give you a
review when it's done oh shit yeah okay
but my love my food all right yeah
what's up guys so that movie was
freaking hilarious I'm really happy I
got to watch it so that was pretty dope
so if you want to watch a funny movie go
to the night before cuz it was really
funny so yeah anyway i'm home now man I
know I didn't make this vlog as epic as
it should be i mean this was just my day
that's what the vlogs are there my day I
didn't do anything extraordinary but
I'll make it up to you guys this week it
off shit make it up to you guys this
weekend tomorrow is going to be
interesting because shit might go down
honestly there's a reason why they wear
their shattered backboards today and
you'll find out why tomorrow almost
forgot my laptop in my car guys don't
jaywalk other than that tomorrow what
else are we doing I was supposed to go
out tomorrow night with the guys to kind
of celebrate hundred thousand but I
don't know if I want to do it man
because after reaching a hundred
thousand twice
that million is on my mind I want that
million clock so bad I really want that
shit man I really want it I really feel
like I can do it man why go out and
celebrate when we got bigger goals you
know what I'm saying we got other things
we can work our asses off to get you
know I'm saying so we'll see maybe I'll
keep it super low-key do nothing crazy
I'm gonna be stopping by the popular
demand head office is they gonna hook me
up with some gear so that should be cool
and I think we're gonna hook you guys up
with like a promo code to get some
discount on their website too so we'll
see how that goes and yeah man let's go
inside this house this Oh Smosh t-pain
but ninety percent of these youtubers
look the same Oh slow mo guys they're so
dope
