all right so I must start today's vlog
by doing something I've never done which
is reacting to a YouTube video I'm just
sitting back eating my french toast
crunch the greatest aerial in the
history of life YouTube rewind 2015 a
lot of people gonna say like all you're
just hating on this stuff because you
didn't make it in the video but yeah
didn't make it
JB ran 2015 JB and Draco super one
superwoman is so cool in person she's so
nice I parted with her I have no idea
Village People
why not him I met him I don't know any
of these people I don't watch a lot of
youtubers so write this all yourself
prankvsprank
oh god this is so stupid
I really feel like Jesse can do so much
better than that girl but you know it's
love they put people in there so quick
that I feel like if I was on set I would
be pissed off because I only was in
their foot one second
they brought me an advert is not in here
I'll be pissed
or I don't know who the hell these
people are oh yes I don't know his name
but he's on The Late Show he does this
karaoke Clark Aoki would like Justin
Bieber he's funny
this girl is hideous
this is horrible this is really bad I
don't know any of these people again
just got at this pink hair who are these
people
oh my god I love iJustine she's gorgeous
I've honestly in love with iJustine Tim
I loved him
thank God he's in there tim is one of
the realest and most genuine youtubers
I've ever met who are you smoothly what
do you do all back to the future
Oh Casey alia I did his videos the
probably one of the best vlogs in the
game his style I I try to mimic that
shit so much who's this Oh Smosh t-pain
but 90% of these youtubers look the same
off slow mo guys they're so dope I
forgot what these guys names are
JB's burn edition okay
1-800 to come on fam what is this Jake
was not in this thing don't put what 800
rewind
well anyway overall I was probably one
of the worst YouTube rewinds I've ever
seen last year's was dope because it was
at the YouTube space I don't know I'm
not trying to hate but I think they
could have done a way better job I
didn't see Roman Atwood which I'm
assuming was his own personal choice not
to be in it if I had to list my top
favorite youtubers of all time there
probably wouldn't be any in any specific
order but Roman Atwood myself
Tim DeLaGhetto Joella and just because
she's gorgeous
I just II there you have it what's up
what's up villains about to go pick up
my laundry right now been doing laundry
out there three three loads today three
loads of laundry I'm lazy I don't carry
much shit so I just put it in a little
basket so let's go through this long
time let's go take out the laundry
so yesterday I actually went home back
to the bay for one day I got there at 6
8 I got there at 9 a.m. actually good my
flight got delayed and I came back home
and I got here at 12:50 p.m. yeah I went
unfortunately I was
because there was a loss in the family I
can go you know pay my respects family
is the most important thing in this
world and just to be together with my
family you know it's um being in LA I
don't have any family out here I have
none whatsoever so if something like
that happens unfortunately you know the
best thing to do is to be with your
family and support them and and be
together you know I'm saying cuz at the
end of the day who's always gonna be
there for you family so yeah I had to go
back home but I'm back in that light now
doing laundry all this shit is still wet
this load is dry
I gotta go pumping him back down my
laundry room is so scary like this is
the perfect place to do a prank on
someone so I got to think of something
you know today's view is foggy but it's
beautiful man look at this sky it's
freaking amazing good okay so check it
out first of all I didn't vlog yesterday
and I should have I apologize I went to
the weekend concert with Travis Scott I
got there late
I miss Travis Scott but I still picked
up his shirt so I got some Travis Scott
merch that shit looks like some old
school Snoop Dogg album cover type shit
in filming I'll show you the back
whatever I miss Travis Scott said the
weekend killed it I didn't film because
I don't like filming at concerts that
much cuz it's a takes away from the
experience but I did snap a few of snap
so if you follow me on snapchat click
right there take a picture you can
actually take a picture of this in a way
on snapchat if you use the app so and
another bigger news guys this is crew TV
I'm sorry this vlog was not crazy but
let's show you guys an update on the sub
count
okay so we're currently at ninety nine
thousand eight hundred and seventy nine
subscribers that's a hundred and
twenty-one subscribers away from 100,000
and when we reached that you see that
when we reach that we're gonna add
another one of these - the dream crew
family this is for the main channel
we've reached a hundred thousand earlier
this year it would be amazing to reach a
hundred thousand on crew TV by the end
of this year and 121 subs I feel like
we're gonna hit that today so if we do
hit that today that means tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be the hundred thousand
subscribers special and if we do hit
that today I have to do something crazy
well not crazy but I have to give you
guys an entertaining entertaining vlog
one thing I am gonna do is I know that
tomorrow's vlog if
is 100,000 subscribers vlog is gonna
start out with the dope little montage
and I'm gonna put together so yeah I'm
super excited being able to get 200,000
subscriber channels in one year is
amazing it's crazy because even the
kites on one channel is almost at
200,000 subscribers so we doubled the
amount of subscribers in less than a
year all I can say is that I moved to LA
to take my career take my channels take
my dreams to the next level so me being
in LA for 2016
sky's the limit stay tuned a lot of
people turn their back on the dream crew
but most of you guys stayed loyal to us
you stayed with us even if I miss some
vlogs even if I took some time off for
the main channel you know I appreciate
everyone that does believe in me and my
dreams man if it wasn't for you guys we
wouldn't be here this sounds so like
cliche Van Dyke oh I can't show you guys
that shit this sounds so cliche but it's
the truth man so I appreciate you guys
man thank you guys so much without you
guys we wouldn't even have the numbers
we have right now so I thank you guys I
wish I could pay you guys back but only
what I can't pay you back is by
continuing to make good content for you
so yeah man main Channel video tomorrow
with the trailer crew kicks 5 days a
week I don't need to tell you guys you
guys already know that David vlogs when
I can I'm out of here hit that thumbs up
let's try to get that hundred thousand
subscribers by today all you gotta do is
tell your friends to subscribe share the
videos share this vlog make it happen
Jean crew crew TV on a Kate vlog
tomorrow I hope I'll see you guys
tomorrow you're a little bit shocked
this is there
