yo what up guys so I'm starting this
vlog super late it's already nighttime
as you guys can tell from the background
it's 5:30
it gets so dark so early it's disgusting
it's annoying because I feel like it's
like 10 p.m. right now but it's only
5:30 p.m. like this is crazy
anyway I'm currently going right now to
a sneaker shop called met Menlo Park I
believe I can't forgot what it's called
mag mag Lowe Park or some shit like that
I don't know but it's like the only
place I found that has a size 10 in the
shattered backboards obviously you guys
know my homie baby John hooked me up
with the size 12 that he had so I'm
gonna size swap them size swap just
means trade for the size and this place
I believe only charges 10% so it's like
40 bucks to size swap up and I'm in like
traffic right now and for some reason
there's like an alien high beam going
all the way up it should be obviously I
know it's not alien high beam it's like
a special event or an attraction or
something but anyway uh so yeah man
let's have a great day you know what's
more annoying than anything what I'm
driving is when the car behind you has
some bright ass high beams on like that
is so annoying so I'm keeping my windows
like this so I don't have to worry about
that blinding me right now so decided to
wear these today I don't really like to
I would never wear these with like jeans
or casually or anything like that but
I thought it looked pretty dope with
these joggers so alright so I'm about to
go inside the shop and trade my size 12
for a size 10 finally get these damn
back boards i under yes these today I'm
under as those tomorrow just wait on it
baby its undies week you're a little bit
shocked this is there
alright guys so I was blessed and they
didn't have my size got my size Ted fine
I've been dying for these all frickin
year man finally got him shattered
backboards put the light right there
finally freakin Ghanim diaries of a
sneakerhead man diaries of a freaking
sneaker head part 5000 million gazillion
if you guys didn't know next week on
crew kicks this parody week so I'm gonna
be doing each episode is gonna be a
parody of someone else's a sneaker
collection all nasty collection but is
gonna be a parody of a different sneaker
youtuber I'm telling you families aliens
is after me bro then he's coming for the
kid anyway we found Chappelle lay out
here in Burbank California a can't go
wrong with this man I'm about to get a
nice little Bowl I don't know oh I want
a burrito but I'm just gonna get a bowl
cuz it can't be a fat ass today guys I
figured it out okay the alien landed in
Universal Studios okay I can see it you
guys see right there striking up that's
the freaking aliens okay
there are Universal Studios right there
uh well that's kind of freaky I thought
like a girl was looking into my windows
like what the fuck that's a billboard
with that that's hella creepy alright so
I'm literally just walking around I just
parked my car back right by my house my
my apartment and I was just walking
around the grove and I was just trying
to find places where I can do like on
feet shots at the Chris Paul's and I
found this park in like where did this
come from like there's a freaking huge
car gonna come jog here and there's like
a baseball field so now I'm looking for
a basketball court because if I could
find a basketball court that would be a
dope-ass shot to have for the on feet
because obviously this is a basketball
shoe
Chris Paul plays basketball so I was
trying to see if I could if we can find
a basketball court because they got
baseball right here they got soccer over
there I would have soon they had
sometimes a basketball or something and
again the freaking the beam the alien
beam we can't see that much but it is
poking out right there so they're still
after
yo guys I'm at talk shop right now top
men and I saw this jacket and I just
fell in love
camo bomber jacket for the mother-effing
away in breath this is sexy as hell and
I told myself I wasn't gonna buy
anything but I can't do this man imagine
that that ovo velvet hoodie under this
oh my god this fall my god where's the
cash register FEM where's the cash
register alright guys so I'm at the
books wait what am I doing here I don't
belong here beautiful vibes outside
always let me tell you guys something
if you watch crew cakes and you watch
every video and you watch me get these
originally you know that I got them in a
size 12 and you know I complained about
how they don't lace the shoes another
reason why I hate it as you guys know I
went inside swamp these I bought the
shoe I came back home I tried to lace
them there was no goddamn lace on one of
the shoes so I had to take laces off my
other pairs and at least them up so my
new favorite Jordan one
ha who did yesterday we checked in and
we had yester yesterday we had nine
thousand ninety ninety seven thousand
six hundred and fifty three subscribers
today we've increased I saw here in my
mouth my bad today
we've increased so that was yesterday
we're now currently at ninety eight
thousand two hundred twenty two today
that is 1778 subscribers away from 100
make it happen y'all so I guess that's
it for today's vlog I'm sorry if it was
an insanely dope like you guys have been
requesting it to be
I'm trying guys I mean come on cut me
some slack I'm just kidding I I'm not
human
bye well things right here like actually
bought the velvet hat to the baseball
hats pretty dope put some stickers there
were like two books each camo ovo
