what's good guys finally getting out of
the house for the first time today it's
Friday if you did it know and I'm going
to eat quick stop outside the ovo store
cause remember I show you guys that it's
coming well they announced that it's
opening tomorrow so we're gonna go super
early and try to see if we could come up
on maybe they'll have some sneakers or
something I don't know but hopefully
they have something for the kid cuz um
I'm excited man I'm a big ol vo
supporter so super excited for that
insert goopy comments down below uh but
yeah I'm hungry too it's almost almost
four o'clock oh it's actually it is four
o'clock it's 409 so I've been super sick
I got sick in the Bay Area man every
time I go over there I get sick I told
you guys this before - man it's
ridiculous
I hate it man uh it's been annoying my
nose has been stuffy I feel like it's
going away so hopefully with the next
day or two should be good to go but like
look how dry my nose is I don't know if
this is like a nasty closeup but my nose
is so dry so there's about like 20
people camping out already outside the
store yeah you see all those people
right there just camping out right when
I walked up like I just stood by this
pole all day they were all just mugging
me like okay like what do you have an
exclusive membership to be lining up
here like why are you mugging me I'm not
going to cut you I can only freakin
imagine how long this line is going to
get by tomorrow because people
pacify like myself and tell their
friends who are going to tell their
friends and this is going to turn into a
long last line like people actually
expect Drake to be here Drake is not
going to come here okay Container Store
vibes right now and they have them thank
God I might just take their whole stock
on the sea I never play soccer here that
cost another one another one another one
all right let's get this thing stacked
up man I love showing you guys this
because for me this is motivation cuz I
want to keep working hard and I want to
keep waking up to this view and soon
enough you see those hills all the way
back there where are those hills our
buildings where's the hillside oh I mean
I got to open the window for this got to
open the window for this one you see
them Hills up here the hills right there
one day we're going to be living on
those hills and we're going to see the
view of this city of this area right
here right now we get the view of that
city look at this they change the color
like this is way more clear and this is
like a thicker coat like that's nasty
man so look this is like two different
colors like what the then why would they
change it like I just bought these
earlier this year
okay so after two-day hiatus or one day
I it is separately flogged I'm back I
didn't go to the grand opening of the
ovo store yesterday the line was a
three-hour wait for what Drake was not
there I knew he was not going to be
there he was in Toronto he played all of
La people thought he was really gonna
come he's too big for that guys it's
Drake not Tyga okay he didn't show up
whatever it's a shop it's on a
meet-and-greet dude saying
they sold ovo tens I don't need that
many of them so they had about 70 pairs
from what I heard then an exclusive
t-shirt dad a few good things but
nothing worth waiting two days for in my
opinion but anyways a Sunday so I'm
gonna go swing by they open in an hour
I'm gonna go swing by and see what's
going on there hopefully there's not a
long line because it is the second day
of the storm I'm sure there is people
that are waiting to get in just cuz the
hype is real so yeah man this vlog is
basically based around the OBO store
opening
what do I plan on clock clock pin huh
what do I pan on clop it
what do i pan-pan pan-pan what do I plan
on copying there's a velvet hoodie that
I really want I don't know if they're
gonna have it other than that I don't
know just see what the heavy not I'm
sayin so
alright guys so got me some goodies
unfortunately like I thought it wouldn't
let me film on the inside but I did
crotch a snap so it wasn't even worth
the wait honestly I waited an hour and
20 minutes but whatever I got my stuff
it's the same stuff they have online
nothing special besides they had ovo
tens yesterday and they're all gone now
oh they claimed they're gone it's kind
of fishy because I talked to some guy
who was doing some video work before
when I first got here and he said they
had tons in the back and then the girl
which I'm assuming is like the manager
whatever came out she said no they're
sold out so obviously they're holding
him for some reason but whatever they
obviously know what they're doing with
them that's fine I would have a pair I'm
not gonna be greedy
anyway beside all this ovo I I still
feel like crap my nose and stuff I've
been coughing all day
going back to the bay just not was not
my thing alright guys I'm back home let
me show you guys what I bought with my
raspy ass voice I literally just took a
nap by the way so please excuse my rasp
eNOS okay first thing I got was
something that I really wanted a while
ago but I never bought it online because
I don't want to pay the shipping but
it's the black velvet hoodie as you guys
can see it's a really thick velvet
material barely can see the owl which I
really like I paid 190 for it is it
worth it probably not is it gonna look
dope hell yeah and put that by oh I
forgot I got this too yesterday
Koby Christmas Jersey okay and then I
bought this little things right here
like I actually bought the velvet hat to
the baseball hats pretty dope put some
stickers there were like two bucks each
camo ovo another camel you know keychain
I don't know why I bought this but that
was pretty cool and then two lighters I
don't know why I bought these either but
again they were pretty cooler like five
bucks 15 bucks two bucks two bucks and
then I think this one is like 40 bucks
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait target got the
extended tease fam I'm telling you you
guys keep complaining and saying that
you can't find them but you gotta just
look look at this was the brand Jackson
look at this one I got the marble
extended t but they got next-level shit
cuz they got the matching joggers too
okay matching joggers shout-out to aqua
mint this is from the opment
Ahmed collection you got to get the gene
joggers you feel me look solid gray
extended t look they just got the short
sleeve hoodies - this is ugly as hell
though you look like you go have a
picnic on this shit right here another
pair from the Othman jogger collection
I hate joggers now man fahncy joggers
are so ugly to me anyway I'm not Target
guys I decided to come to Target after
staying home all day and resting my Sikh
behind but it's dryer then I don't know
I just watched that one guys thrift
shopping forgot his name is like it
makes like thrift pickup hauls and
things like that on YouTube and he says
some weird phrases like this is saucy er
than a cocaine frisbee dip so he says
some weird shit I was just watching his
hell entertaining so I was trying to
sound like him but I can't do it
obviously but anyway that gave me a idea
and I think next week for crew kicks I'm
gonna do a parody week so every unboxing
or sneaker review I'm gonna do it in a
parody of another sneaker youtuber so
comment down below what sneaker
youtubers you want me to want me to do a
parody of so yeah I think it'll be
pretty dope to switch things up on the
channel
oh shit fam we made it out the hood they
got the NBA basketball line at Target
they got the shorts the vault shirts the
hoodies we made it out the hood snacks
on snacks cereals on PB&J bread water
keep it simple we don't cook out here
fam
but as boy got the white jeans going fam
look at this blue this swag yo what's
poppin people it's been 2 2 2 2 months
since I uploaded on the channel cry so
more no videos that's a sad face
subscribers they're mad okay let's
forward to now on December 11th I'm
going to upload on channel cry so more
my main channel a promo video that's
December 11th which is next I forgot
what they are three that is and then
from there
December 18th sneakerheads be like part
4 that's going to make people happy so
yeah so December liveth the promo video
December 18th sneakerheads be like the
main channel is coming back to life we
currently have ninety seven thousand six
hundred and fifty-three subscribers on
crew TV that's 2347 subscribers away
from a hundred thousand so let's get two
thousand three hundred forty seven
people to join the crew by December 31st
got it that's it I just wish there all
these post-it notes I'm done for the day
man I'm gonna go sleep some more so I
can be healthy tomorrow so I can start
filming for crew cakes I didn't talk
about crew kicks on the post to no
update today but we'll talk about that
tomorrow and even
what else I don't know what else to say
men
life is short enjoy it all the time to
be alive
love you nine right now
