previously previously on crew TV vlogs
what's good everybody so right now is
the end of complex conde - it's been a
long day and I really didn't get to get
too much of the experience today because
I spent most of it at line but we'll go
ahead and start the vlog off where we
did wait
I'm here at Shopify DRO as you guys can
see the first thing I did today was go
to a raffle for a pair of to NER DS so
let's jump to that real quick so let me
show we're gonna do four else here
Chad's here we're all here for any Arne
human races right hi guys so they're
about the Rick you are in this booth
right now and you have a raffle ticket
you are in the running to win I'm down
for that
of any RDV is it feels different to be
on this side rather than up there
announcing the numbers we get the person
over please oh if I wait out - yeah one
for Mina I tell them I need one for my
wife here on stage two numbers you get 0
0 1 l 2 my number 5 homes in SATs in my
man anyway looks good yeah we out here
you good yeah yeah hopefully we get a
pair of these joints yeah hopefully 0 0
0 2 2
man start the Tendo will amuse and we
have three more at number zero one oh my
- two two more left
this man you've gotta race a lot zero
one one four he's like yep I just made
like 5k Wow one more pair guys the fifth
and final pair that we have here today
to give away will go to number zero one
nine you're recording
oh we got a boost ball so 50,000 thumbs
up and I'll give away this boosts ball
and then I was able to get something off
of the frenzy app there was a limited
drop so let's go to that everybody we're
in line by the way for the Virgil like
make your own t-shirt so we got 20
seconds into the frenzy job lesson 25
complex
zero enter
by with Apple pay you got the $700 one
no I didn't mean city council got it got
it and then I spent most of the day in
line trying to get a custom off white
shirt one of one two let's check that
out
all right guys so majority well our
whole day was spent waiting in line we
literally have been waiting since 9:30
a.m. to get inside of this room right
here this room is the Virgil I guess
booth or room but basically they have
just blank white champion t-shirts and
then they have screen printing right
here and they have a whole bunch of
screens and you can make your own custom
off white t-shirt and the jacket
Nina yeah I mean I got the Levi's jacket
yeah show the Hoff right right there you
can literally put anything that they
have like screens you're like this is
sick it was it was a long way it was
kind of worth it but honestly we're
still gonna take a little bit of time
before we actually get our stone
but it's a dope experience because you
get a 1 of 1 off-white tea like look at
this one right here
still trying to decide what I want to do
with my shirt but in the meantime just
check out the vibe
they off-white three times
check it out so yeah all right so I'm
gonna I'm gonna do that same thing with
the face on the back of mine and I did
mind reverse so that I can repair inside
out and regular film the denim
the fan
Nina stood
and then on the back
try to make sure I don't get my shoes
dirty over here
can I do add one more thing
anyway
all right we need you to sign it to make
this official that you will not resell
this t-shirt all right
we are you know what
all right thank you for
to show you guys final product
I got you BAM I want to get out of here
before I get paint all over myself and
now we're finally here wrapping up huge
shout out to Shopify for bringing me to
complex pawn and now it's time to go
home
your boys exhausted waiting around all
day but I got my shirt and
- oh nice te so
all in a normal time go check the feet
he's good enough they know that now
let's go eat guys pulled up on my man
Jesse came through we out here
accomplished but you got me today no I
know you you try to wait in the line but
hopefully you can come up on I mean I
couldn't a cop some adidas because I
could skip the line order for that
any artist doesn't have those yeah so
you do like a meeting
no I did the wrap-up for them did you
get up there no I tried I tried to but
Oh what is it you like the wave runners
the easy
oh yeah look like a dad yeah work for
was worth yeah yeah
I love them I've been waiting for my
pair but they're just undetermined you
do this if you're watching you're
probably watching to do to send them to
us yeah yeah we'll take the eBay guys
are behind me are they paying you
yeah they ripped them off alright guys
so we are gonna leave complex con I'm
exhausted my head is hurting I need to
eat I have not eaten since like 1:00
p.m. and it's already 7:00 p.m. I'm
exhausted party
how you doing I wrap it up at the mag
part booth better look at what was on my
feet pretty late I was breaking a lot in
next today a lot of people were coming
up to me and telling me that they look
way better in person which I honestly
agree like it looks cool I like them
from images but I like the more in
person so yeah very very beautiful yeah
let's go to nomads it's probably doesn't
close to like later later
all right guys back at the crib we just
got done eating some great food I had
nomads and we are chillin now and let me
show you guys the shirts that unknown
and Ahmed did because their shirts came
out dope I showed them to you kind of in
the lab but this one is unknown this one
is Ottomans I don't think I showed you
guys outfits outfits came up pretty late
with all the colors mine didn't have too
much color it's like I asked the guy to
add a little bit of colors but it didn't
you didn't really do it look you can
kinda see it right there but I still
really really like mine if I didn't
mention it it's a championship so it's
actually a really good quality and then
on the top it says I will not resell
this shirt so I'm really really really
happy with that literally these are
one-on-one shirts probably only 40 to 50
people were able to make it per day so
these shirts are super rare even though
it is one of one each of them but like
the actual like you know stents the that
what is it called
screen the actual screen is just for
complex conso yeah it's really really
dope but anyway so um it actually he
came up to he came up this whole week on
a whole bunch of stuff that he's gonna
be selling so let's just say stay tuned
to his IG story or something I don't
know where he's posting him but Mans
came up on two pairs of off-white Air
Force Ones where they are on top of that
so when we and Ahmed went to go do the
raffle with adidas Mena got Hoffman's
box signed by Virgil Virgil signed it
and he put like you put a fatass whoosh
right there so these were exclusive to
complex calling I believe as you guys
can see it actually has a white tag on
it not a red tag like the rest of the
ten collection you got like a off white
midsole air metallic silver swoosh on
both side and then you've got that
Oregon USA tag on the inside the tongue
has like the off nike air little tag
right there a soft liner is kind of like
how the Air Jordan sock liner is so
that's pretty cool somebody offered you
three grand for both would you take it
yes killed it I personally still like
the Travis Scott ones a little bit more
shout out to Shopify the Shopify family
you know I'm saying got the card reader
right here I'm gonna be using this very
soon shout out to the frenzy app the
frenzy app was super super clutch and I
told you guys that
Ahmed got one of those uh you haven't
got G toys he got another one today and
he came up twice on that thing and then
also shoutout to adidas for giving me a
huge opportunity and now we gettin ready
for sneaker called Vegas maybe because
this weekend we are gonna be in Vegas
for the first ever sneaker con in Vegas
and it is going to be crazy I promise
you guys it's gonna be crazy I was
supposed to have merch there from old
drops but I have decided that I'm not
going to be doing that so I will not
have any merch for sale for sneaker con
Vegas all the merch that is gonna be on
sale will be on sale during Black Friday
Memphis sneaker con will have their own
exclusive t-shirt just cuz I've never
done an event there but I have done an
event in Vegas like I recently did the
tour there so you guys got the exclusive
tour merch but I think your conv agus I
will not have exclusive merch I kind of
just focus on doing the basketball
activity with you guys if you didn't
know what I'm gonna be doing is I'm
gonna be going one-on-one with a whole
bunch of you guys if you guys can beat
me then you get to spin this wheel and
then if you spin the wheel you can win a
prize so I'll be doing that for a little
bit and then also be walking around I'll
be at the creme protect booth and I'll
just be having a good time with all of
you guys so come through say what's up
come chill sneaker con Vegas it's the
first ever single con in Vegas it might
be the last honestly it just really
depends on how many of you guys come out
show love show support to your city and
show the world that Vegas is a good
market for the sneaker world you know
I'm saying so gotta make big things
happen this weekend and I need to get
ready for this weekend and start working
up on my my jump shot so I can be some
of you guys so fan those are all my
things this this and this okay this is
mine this is my job I have it I just
left it at home
Wow okay then let me get this one
