it's laundry day it's almost noon that's
for sure
and I'm doing laundry I'm editing I just
got a package so I'm gonna be doing an
unboxing of the package banners look how
big this thing is
oh look how big this thing is shouts out
to that shout out to that box right
there editing my mattress is right there
because I'm cleaning my room obviously
and I don't have a bed frame yet why
don't I have a bed frame yet the big
question well I'm too damn lazy to go
buy one anyway I'd rather go buy
sneakers so the glow on these things is
pretty dumb that's for sure I got it
like a run over here oh that's what I
can see they almost forgot I had these
man happy I don't even wear these
anymore it's like a demon took over the
easy trend but these are still one of my
favorite easy of all time honestly but
let's put this to the ultimate test
because the easy two is the best glowing
shoe that I've ever seen in my life so
the oh I think I look bronze are way
better
you know the LeBron is way more bright
what the hell that's crazy
look at this view man who can complain
about life when you have a view like
that man take advantage appreciate it
and be happy so it's hard to pay
attention to all the talking so I did
something that's easy for myself to
understand and it's easy for me to
explain to you guys so basically I wrote
down the next few days of crew kicks and
I'm gonna show it to you guys so here we
go this is crew kicks is scheduled for
the next few days so basically tomorrow
I have a double sneaker unboxing which
is two shoes that I was gifted by a good
homie of mine beige on two really crazy
shoes like one that's a grail of mine
that I've been wanting all year long and
the other one is a double-up of a easy
so I'm all
leave it at that tomorrow which is
Friday I'm going to be doing an Air
Jordan one the cyber Mondays review and
on feet so that's actually the on feet
that I'm gonna be doing we don't upload
on Saturday we don't upload on Sunday so
we skip that over to Monday as you guys
know on Mondays we always do a crew
collection which is a fan submitted
collection and we're doing something
special since we just hit 50,000
subscribers I'm gonna have about four or
five collections in one video so it's
gonna be like a 30 minute crew
collection video and on top of that I'm
gonna announce the winner of the Aqua
Jordan 8 it's not too late to enter I'll
have the link in the description box for
that video that explains how you can
enter but basically I'm giving away a
pair of Aqua Jordan aids and I'm gonna
announce the video the winner on Monday
so you guys have all weekend to enter
and yeah so basically there you go that
is the three days of crew kicks I hope
that was easy for you guys to understand
rather than me just talking and looking
at the camera so for the people who are
not subscribed to crew kicks and didn't
know I'm having a contest I am giving
these weigh away it is the size nine and
a half if it's not your size I'm sure
you guys could swap it or trade it with
somebody to get your size all you guys
have to do is watch the video that's in
my description box of this video and
that's it and then that will explain how
you can enter from there so basically
this shoe just came out like two weeks
ago on Black Friday so I just wanted to
do something in honor of reaching 50,000
subscribers on crew kicks in such a
short amount of time I want to give back
to the people who have supported me and
who have helped me get the channel to
where it is today so that's why I did
this so awkward Jordan hates guys it
could be yours head over to crew cakes
so before I head out to the barbershop
I'm gonna see if I could find any cheap
tickets to the Clippers vs. Pacers game
tonight because I really want to watch
part of Paul George playing he's been
killing it this season I've been a fan
of his since I think it's been three
years since three or four years since I
really like watch started watching him
play and I think I fell in love
his game when he was going against Miami
and he dumped on Birdman and oh and the
brought that dunk was so crazy LeBron
gave him props for that and LeBron was
on Birdman team which is which is
something you don't see too much in the
NBA
um so I've been a fan of him since is 24
days and then they when he broke his a
leg off that was like depressing because
he was I feel like he was in his prime
during that time but the way he's been
playing this year is like what the like
how do you come back from breaking your
leg and then get better than the way you
were like it's insane man so shout out
to Paul George I'm trying to find a
ticket I'm honestly doubt to go to the
game alone so let me see they got I put
quantity one so there's one right here
$79 row F and then there's one right
here $500 row a is that courtside that's
literally courtside this is on the court
for $500 that's crazy
put up y'all so I just got dropped off
by uber I don't want to drive I took it
uber about to hit a flight club to see
if they have my size if they even size
swap and now I'm gonna get a haircut at
Legends barbershop over there
which is like a dope-ass barbershop that
I came to last time and I undies today
cyber monday is already one day I wear
my sneakers people if you didn't know I
wear my freaking sneakers I got about to
go to flight club right now and see what
I can do so I don't think they let you
film in there so
so I guess my club thinks they're too
cool
and they don't do size swaps there so
how about it love riff doesn't have my
size either so I don't know what I'm
gonna do I guess I could hold on to the
shoes until I could find my size so I
just got done getting a quick little
cleanup I didn't get a full cut because
I still haven't put my trust in any of
the barbers out here in LA but
here taper at the back just to get
cleaned up now I'm still looking for
tickets for the game right now while
over ladies about to pick me up and drop
me off the Kinkos and then by the time I
get the Kinkos I will hope to have
purchased my tickets print them out and
head to Staples Center to go to the game
and take you guys with me all right so
here we go take your price has to go
down before I buy it so I'm just
watching my own videos you know I can't
believe what I just came up on okay so I
literally bought my ticket at 6:37 like
a minute ago and it says on the ticket
I'm sitting courtside row a for $200 to
see Paul George play courtside I'm
paying $200 if that's not a steal that I
don't know what the hell is now I'm not
getting my hopes up because I feel like
I could be like the second row behind
courtside or something like it's tricky
I don't know how
but if I'm sitting on the freakin court
this is a dream come true
okay this is ridiculous man I got a
question man side note I just got
dropped off by the Hoover side know
whatever happened to Andrew Bynum Lakers
championship Center like disappeared
completely two rings back-to-back anyway
I don't think I'm sitting courtside I
think I'm sitting behind the bench of
courtside so I think I'm sitting right
behind the Pacers bench which is cool
it's lower at the price it's not quite
signs of my dreams are kind of crush but
I still am NOT a hundred percent sure
so let's see Christmas vibes all
throughout Staples Center home of mr.
Kobe Bryant man even though this
Clippers being a banners this is the
home right and I will tell you guys mad
I hope they put a kobe statue within the
next few years outside the arena and if
they do do one I hope it's him walking
off the court after he scored 81 points
pointing his finger in the sky because
that's probably his most besides his
five championships that's his most
iconic moment look at these vibes guys
amazing
right behind the stores baby
Center
at one former temple over full of oil
thank you very much
that was hot
right now faces
pictures of myself and they watching on
TV and there's the funny ones that I'll
show you guys after the games like it
looks like I'm
daddy get them in the boat
put it up turn it back to the Lakers
house now
hey y'all shout out that these guys are
here and that's it guys I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog hope you guys have
a great day
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow cuckoo
website for yeah alright I don't know if
you win you get to choose your size it's
5 dollars a game I'm about to try this
on
