the champ is here what's up guys welcome
to crew TV as you guys can tell I'm
vlogging with my GoPro right here
because if you watch yesterday's vlog I
gave my vlog camera my g7x to Harris so
that he can have a nice decent vlog
camera and I'm actually gonna go buy one
tomorrow I mean I'm gonna go buy one
today so we're gonna go buy a new vlog
camera we're gonna go buy some new
sneaker containers today because I've
got like a buttload of new shoes there's
like boxes piling up up here
so I need to like buy all these and
these are all like these are my Black
Friday pickups this is a Nike ID that
I'm about to unbox for crew kicks it's
already up on the channel so it's della
Bron 25,000 youngest player to 25,000
point Nike ID 13 s they gift from champ
sports which probably is gonna be on the
channel today some other shoes some
other shoes some other shoes so we've
got quite a few sneaker videos that I'm
gonna be filming today I probably film
at least three of the shoes right now
hold on Oh was he dabbing or was he
sneezing I'm gonna start filming and
yeah let's have a good day today guys
all right look at this mess
okay so I'm better go to Nike right now
see if they have the Cyber Monday ones
even though I got them online it's a
shoe I really want to double up on so
hopefully they have oh I called earlier
and they were being really shitty with
me saying like oh well they were raffled
off but we don't know if they're gonna
pick them up like it was yesterday so
they're being shady with me so I'm gonna
go see if they have it in person and
then come back gotta go The Container
still everything gotta go best bye bye
the vlog camera and then go home
probably watch Kobe play in Philly for
the last time because I'm trying to
watch every single Kobe game that I can
take advantage of that so
all right let's see if they have of the
v-shape so that wasn't no they didn't
have them he told me that they might get
him later on this week but I don't have
time to wait for that because my parent
comes later on this week oh this is a
nice little pathway but anyway I just
called Beverly Center Foot Locker and
they have some so I'm gonna go to
Beverly Center Foot Locker y'all are
sleeping on these so I'm at The
Container Store buy to buy some more
well then you don't have the size that I
need they only have the small woman's
heel size I guess you guys did watch my
video cuz you guys took all the damn
containers let's go to Beverly Center
and then let's go to Best Buy hopefully
they have the shoes and hopefully they
have the camera but my freaking keys not
working okay
there we go
so in yesterday's vlog I mean the other
day's vlog I mean so in the last vlog I
mentioned that we mean Harris we're
talking about the faze clan in the phase
house and things like that if people
were commenting like oh all of a sudden
Kai's likes faze like all of a sudden
but yes I just started watching them
like a month ago I don't give a damn it
doesn't matter okay you don't get a gold
medal for starting to watch someone or
becoming a fan of someone since the day
you came out of your mom's vag okay if
you find someone new it's okay to start
watching them and it's okay to be a fan
of their work like it doesn't freaking
matter if somebody finds stumbles upon
my content like yesterday it doesn't I
don't treat them any different to
somebody who's been watching my content
for the past seven years you know at the
end of the day they're still watching
and supporting me so why do I care when
they started it doesn't matter at the
end of the day we make videos for the
whole world to watch so think what you
want say what you want but it really
doesn't matter when you start supporting
on watching someone even if you consider
that a bandwagon what it when you die do
they put a little mark on your tombstone
saying this guy was a bandwagon no it's
just what other people say because
they're jealous cuz they've been fans
before you were and they're jealous that
a new guy can come and like the same
thing that you liked for so many years
you know what I'm saying so it's
ridiculous man stop worrying about
bandwagons and things like that like
it's it's just so annoying and it's ah
when we say all of a sudden it's joking
it's making fun of all the people who
are like that it's not because we're
actually poking fun at each other you
know what I'm saying god damn this
freaking key does not lock all the keys
inside comes with
pretty okay guys so I just walked into
the Beverly Center I went into the store
called tradition and they have the
freaking arcade game and they have
Easy's I'm gonna try to use $40 to win
some Muse ease wish me luck
all right here we go man check this
out if you win you get to choose your
size it's 5 dollars a game how about the
try this are
looks harder than it is 160 as of right
now no one yet
yeah I try that that
will be containing the document
well I didn't win that game
I just lost $40 it's all good though I'm
gonna come back for sure and try to win
again but I'm gonna bring the whole
squad with me so we'll be a fun little
video and yeah basically I didn't get
the shoes and also I got some free
from tradition so shout out to homie who
hooked it up I guess I did make my $40
worth where's my ticket now I hope this
 is a dollar but this is more than a
dollar I'm gonna be pissed and that's
gonna be all for six $1.00 there we go
I've been a winning of many ways we just
got to Best Buy anyways so yeah I'm just
gonna go to g7x and hopefully I'll take
good care of it and I and I won't get
linzinnz dust inside the lens abatement
they had it so I got it but still the
vlog camera is new and improved starting
tomorrow's vlog we will be back on the
g7x without freaking dust in the lens
thank god on top of that I finally
bought a frickin lens cap for my camera
which I lost I suck I always lose
tripods and lens caps and memory cards I
don't know how good the lighting is
right now my tripod right now is the g7x
box not the Xbox but anything anyway I
want a lens cap - I'm about to talk to
you guys about this letter that I got
because it's the last letter that I got
on my P o box before I closed it no more
peal box
do you guys so more AKA young target
that's me
allow me to introduce myself my name is
hitting saw Juan I'm from Ontario Canada
shouts out this six wait I don't know if
Ontario is considered the six
I love your content and all three of
your channels Congrats on 30 K on qu
kicks I'm assuming this letter is oldest
we hit 50,000 recently and I haven't
checked my mailbox on Oh October 23 2015
that's when you wrote this my bet here
is five dollars in which I can hopefully
fund your strawberries for a week so he
gave me five toughest four strawberries
you are a role model to me you're an
inspiration and motivation don't ever
play yourself watch out for the snakes
that's the realest thing he said PS if
you could send me something back it
would mean the world to me my address is
something something something something
something something something so I do
appreciate you hidden 18:13 I probably
said it wrong 18 I do appreciate you I'm
not gonna send you anything back because
I'm a dick no I'm just kidding I'm gonna
send you a pair of dream KU socks homie
I got you don't even worry chats off for
the five dollars from my strawberries
I'll go rest for strawberries tomorrow
and thank you for having the less letter
the last letter to my P o box but anyway
I'm washing the Lakers game they're
actually winning which is surprising and
we're gonna open up the g7x now you know
you always buy something brand-new and
you take care of it for like a week and
then after a week you just start
treating it like crap yeah that's gonna
happen here
battery the most important thing there
is the charger it seems smaller wow it
looks well why does this look so small
did they make this thing smaller or am i
tripping right now I don't know all
right well g7x duffel on camera is black
black back um Dan I feel so good to have
this thing in my head without Dustin
here and all these particles you guys
could see me so clear and live HD
blurriness back to focus so if you guys
want to add me on snapchat you don't
have to go search for my name you can
just go to my channel actually ku TV
this is the new banner
I like it me and Harris try something
our vlogs and more and check that out my
snap code is right there so all you have
to do press on home and it adds me so
obviously I can't add myself but that's
all you have to do press in home and it
will add me so that's how snap codes
work and then the crew kicks banner is
very similar but it's it has that
backdrop
has this sneaker backdrop and it just
did the coup cakes new video every
Monday through Friday and it has the
snap code with my picture and so you
guys get add me on there too shout out
to 51,000 BAM well let's go back to coup
TV for a second shut up to the 94,000
BAM let's get that 200,000 by the end of
the year I really think we could do it
we're one month away from 2016 right now
I'm not gonna be obviously I was
thinking about it and I was just like
you know I'm not gonna upload a main
Channel video until 2016 but I'm like
you know what why wait so I'm trying to
get a new video up this weekend if not
this weekend will be one of next week so
if I don't upload one this weekend I'll
have to up next week so that's for sure
then I show you guys the shirts that
tradition gave me I think I didn't know
I didn't know I gotta show you guys now
okay so since I did that arcade game
with the easies and I didn't win I
played 40 bucks I didn't win it's all
good I'm gonna go back in and play but
one of the homies he was actually a
vegan and he hooked me up with some gear
so he hooked me up with some tradition
here for shouts out to him I got this
one right here tradition tradition on
the back if you guys haven't been to
tradition it's at the Beverly Center in
Los Angeles I got the black on black
tradition shirt I like this one a lot
and then I got this one the liberty
tradition shirt BAM carry on
super dope sir shouts out to the home he
shouts out to tradition at Beverly
Center check them out and you can go in
there for five bucks you could play that
game and try to win some Easy's okay
with all that being said thank you guys
for watching hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'll hopefully see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog if not I'll
see you the day after that but I'll try
no no you guys will see me tomorrow with
the new vlog 100% guarantee it
I'm right here got a long night of
editing so I'll see you guys tomorrow
