hey guys so I managed my all god damn it
my good baggage claim is so long right
now and I'm already late I managed my
time horribly today okay so I was super
distracted anyway my flight got delayed
but I'm still late for some reason my
time management is horrible
I fell asleep in Hoover woke up over
divergences I gave are here I'm here
rather go through security check just
off the five pillars for the hats
wearing the red ones aka the young Cory
Matthews let's get on this plane guys
let's go back home and we'll see who's
picking me up from the airport alright
and while I was waiting in line to buy
these I ran into someone and only white
Iverson mr. Malone here's a little
picture saucin saucin saucin swaggin I'm
swaggin I'm swaggin I'm balling
but they get picked up right then two
people coming to pick me up that's next
level right now whatever years don't
mind shuffle hi doing good for you
where'd you come from down
oh you guys are more excited to see each
other bye guys
all right guys go back to Luna fight
good yeah it was good meant to see you
soon hard friends on my pitch all right
let's go this barbell we love it at the
airport okay so I'm back home finally
after a month to almost two months man
yeah almost like a lot of I need a new
vlog camera like monkey we have to go
buy one tonight so I can give you this
because they look like it's so dusty if
I put it in the light you can see the
doc yeah you don't clean the lens I
can't clean the inside that's all inside
all this dust is from the inside that's
all inside you oh she has I know that's
how I broke the outside and anyway guys
so first up we're gonna go to Nike
Marina because they got some type of
sale and just to go mice around after
that we're gonna go eat and my family
restaurant right you won't need to serve
because I haven't ate that like two
months ago to see my dad I've been see
him in two months
and then I'll see what else we do so if
you guys used to watch the vlogs we used
to always come to the Nike clearance
store in Marina because it has the best
deals
it's like cheaper than Nike it yeah
steals there it's a hit or miss though
usually a miss but I used to work here
actually and we used to find crazy stuff
like cheap cheap deals on sneakers I
would hold him I do some stuff I wasn't
supposed to do not stealing but like I
tell you hire guys no I didn't get fired
and quit not stealing I just did less
stuff like putting the shoe to the side
and then buying them off when I was off
and things like that
I had to haze on that LeBron tens I got
him for errors first deal but yeah but
it's not like that anymore apparently
but I don't know it's been like two
years since I worked it I heard about
that actually do you get sup bro
no you look telling
I still there my mustache Messing
you look skinny found hey where's the
skills and day
see let's go all right here we go guys
first up please we call these the bumble
bees it's a very hot product for Black
Friday the bumbles the Black Friday was
yesterday
white Saturday here we go guys my
favorite ice cream as you guys all know
it's the man shout-out to shock me yeah
hold on red Octobers fan look red
Octobers yeah remember using stuff your
shoes yeah I never did that
I mean these are actually dope honestly
it is basically a red october found a
hashtag thumbnail we found red Octobers
at Nike clearance lochia Moses eg hats
videos here hold the bottle oh yeah hold
on the thumbnail gone wrong excuse me
your store sucks I know it is well it's
good - holiday sales
is so cheap we've been in line for over
an hour now the line literally wraps
around the hole all the lines shorter no
actually the line is right here or this
guy
it isn't it goes all
all around this this way this way and
it's so hot right now they got police
escorts there police s early any LeBrons
to the front of the store like they got
the freakin chores right there your
close up is coming you know right when I
get back
what are you doing levy yeah huh I'm
going going home where now yeah right
now
yeah thank you I put I love you talking
yeah or tonight alright um had to eat at
the family restaurant that was my dad
uh-huh
we bout to go to my house now cuz we
bout to go chill yeah it's cold over
here but I'm not used to this this
lifestyle
hey what's up fam
how you been BRR it's cold in here I
said there must be some clovers on the
atmosphere at 20,000 thumbs up and I'll
move back to the Bay Area and live with
Harris yeah main kinds are gonna place
together yeah dad you dude have you seen
okay I don't know if you know you know
who at the faze clan is no okay so it's
just what I want faze rug huh you don't
like face drug you know phase right oh
this guy's mob and bro is this
wait am I the wrong way yeah I'm gonna
you can either okay on about yeah make
your brother yeah all right
it's popular female right now okay you
know phase rugged I've seen phase
he's like a skinny Arab kid I think he's
era real he lives at home he thinks his
mom and stuff and I never seen it okay
well there's some kid that weighs spams
a out of us
oh no that little kid is not a phase
phase is a huge client it's a video game
group and they all live in one house
it's called the phase house so they each
have their own room it's like seven guys
yeah imagine us like me you watch G MOCA
up and like we all lived in one house
and the thing about it is they all have
their own YouTube channels in the Navy
joint channel Wow
so every day that like they just go in
each other's rooms and be like you
yeah and it's basically like not even
vlogs are like yo they do challenges so
they walk in here what's up you know I'm
doing the challenge so they have endless
freaking possibilities and they also
have other gamers like phase rogue who
listen that their houses in New York I
think or New Jersey and then they have
other guys who are part of their clan
which is like face drug and and he lives
in San Diego and he's like freaking like
21 20 19 or 20 or something like that
it's crazy man so if we imagine second
I'm gonna be game over it'd be epic dude
we basically if you accumulate all the
times that we no homo slept together
anyway we love to you a good amount of
time with each other hotel rooms did dad
have ah everybody's always do this money
that make everyone do lachemann dude
answer you figure how do week ago oh she
like I just came home there was hella
packages shouts out the transports they
sent me a shoe and I didn't even know it
was coming
randomly they just sent it to me you
guys got to go to crew crew kicks on
Tuesday I believe it's gonna go up to
see what's inside this Tuesday or
Wednesday
make sure you guys go over to crew face
hasani's me is gonna start a YouTube
channel
come on smashers hey I just got a whole
bunch of stuff I bought most of this
stuff but shout out the champs they sent
me some free stuff so um I'm really
hyped about that here's you show him
what you bought today at Nike we're
gonna do a little Nike haul for you guys
Dominus I'm Black Friday this little r2
is gonna go to all my other little r2d2
little memorabilia Sable's his toys my
toy collection okay he bought his mom a
gym bag right this is my mom's gym bag
his mama janeshia it's actually fire
bury is the actual color he bought that
for himself it's for traveling all of a
sudden all of a sudden if he Barcelona I
have little Barcelona my sister and my
brother-in-law just went to the Gihon oh
I saw his inspecting yeah during your
brainy whoops 4:0 got some real yeah
yeah dude's crazy they have like a whole
like Museum of just straight barcelona
history and yeah yeah go crazy look for
Madison Square Garden for soccer Oh
myself I got this little football cuz
all of a sudden I'm a football player
little oh you got that yeah these are
not good to keep warm
I'll be honest with you and you start
sweating with this material inside I
weren't inside Black's watching it it
looks three cute enough otherwise I'm
good at that color got socks keep your
toes warm I show you buy socks every
time we go there no I wear them once I
got white box as a no racism the reason
is come on all lives matter I got some
shoes for my mother lies and nurse you
bought that beer big that's my mom my
mom check out my mom sneaker IG
should we post a review on this our
YouTube channel
she's a nurse if she wanted some nice
little comfortable shoes is it
comfortable whether they called don't
look Wow I guess that's Luna fine it's
you twos or threes threes this is mr.
Carson my sweater oh yeah that's why
this is a nice one horses overpriced
them Hasani got so much stuff
get into where right now yeah yeah
that's all you got yeah you had you help
us to fill your head what are you
beginning he'd like for busy she hacked
yourself up I got a favorite art parody
what what good what do I owe you
it's basically free am i fitted or my
favorite damn I'll ever get a fan tire
yeah I'm way different I'm supposed to
give her as this camera today but I'm an
idiot I forgot the freaking wall charger
but I'm sure you can go buy one so
tomorrow morning I'll go buy a new vlog
camera I'm not going to get the Sony I'm
just gonna get another g7x because I
feel like within like a few months a
brand new cameras going to come out
that's the same price and I'm just gonna
get that one rather than pop on this so
anyone so I'm just going to get the same
camera I have hope it doesn't get messed
up take extra good care of it all right
guys so we came to Buffalo wildly
ahem
like spaghetti
I went in the back man from one of those
we came Goulding me and Harris
one-on-one for the World Heavyweight
Championship of bowling I'm probably
gonna get my ass beat we both have it
folded much so
you win here we go guys one-on-one
matchup young Kobe versus what the
hell's your name what's your name my
Harris Oh Harris versus Kobe I got very
smart marketing plan shot on fire
pillars code about to go down I'll take
this check the oil off in my kitchen and
made it into a shirt hold it here we go
shoes off ice is very good at choosing
balls look at the double fisting right
there let's see let's see what happens
here
gotta start strong after all you fill me
region that one just wasn't going down
for the kid all right let's see what
Harris can do here
how did it debit I don't know what that
X means I mean I broke it I didn't
hard rock
you can rob all right
I can go into the counter and tell the
guys what bumpers up
for and under Rosen freaking Club
applause okay and throw that bowling
ball down the dam laying about gay not
pretend you're good okay
all right guys oh shoot here we go man
you got this bro you're so good at
bowling
don't ever even let's help you to come
look again alright I'm going to go get
my money back for you okay I'm gonna go
donate it to children's I like being
with mom
Game Boy yesterday red version
so I believe it's a tie game right now
but I'm done Harris is going right here
he just needs one pin to win
you
you suck me I almost had you
you never has me you never had your
balls
alright guys so here's victorious again
in bowling maybe in Modesto almost see
if you can if he's a three no today
we'll keep you get your claws to that
bandana
who that Justice League pillows though
to our only watermelon
if you get it stuck in the headband you
slit
or if you just grab the Wow
congratulations a lot of people can't
win cloud machines I can shout out to
Harris you got himself a hoverboard how
does it feel to be a part of the Klan
fan even though let me write it for them
because they think I'm not good at it oh
yeah oh I don't have it anymore guys
until I told you guys about the one that
they're working on for me I'm getting my
own custom board soon so stay tuned oh
Sh
dan you've come a long way since that
first time you rode one it's been a long
day without you
hello cash all nonchalant imagine you
take that to Disneyland lucky out yeah
no they won't
oh but I'm so freaking tired bad I
barely got any sleep I gotta go edit
this vlog man and I got an
hour-and-a-half drive home right now oh
yeah listening Justin Bieber and crying
driver I've been working eight days a
week I don't know what today is honestly
I don't want to say it's Friday day
Friday the weekends don't mean nothing
to me fam damn you just been in Oh guys
so we got hit by a car today so we're at
the light and somebody hit us but it was
all good she was actually I don't know I
think she was Afghan oh yeah yeah she
was Afghan and she actually knew my
cousin but there was no damage to
Harris's car and luckily she didn't hit
us at a fast pace but there's no like
there's only these little like now my
car has butt dimples
see a little button boy yeah barely
other yes I don't don't text and drive
kids don't say well we don't know if she
was texting and driving but I mean maybe
she was she was oh it was a red light in
the middle of nowhere
yeah we were at that red light for a
minute - yeah cuz remember like ten
seconds before that was like dude what's
up with this light as long as
everybody's safe that's all that matters
you know and yeah any last words before
we end the vlog because the cameras
gonna die and you I'm actually giving
Harris the camera right now and I'm
gonna go buy a new one tomorrow like I
said earlier so I'm gonna vlog tomorrow
so I don't have a charger Finn it's a
goodbye truck my best friend when I'm
free in the morning if they don't know
if they don't give you a chart if they
don't have a charger try to get one off
Amazon or I'll try to get all families
on let me see what looks like it's a g7
expert I know but like Canon the little
thing is though there's different
battery sizes for different cameras oh
you're the battery inside yeah
close the sleeve yeah so rechargeable
better yeah anyway so that's it for you
guys
how many thumbs up should they get
because we haven't asked them for
somethin a minute yes we do mm no let's
get to thousands good you got my 3,000
for the return little three thousand two
thousand lady do the arrow I get arrow
and live it down okay okay yeah that's a
new way know if they get $20,000 we're
gonna move in together yes if you guys
get 20,000 thumbs up cuz his vlogs gonna
get at least 20,000 views so if he gets
20,000 thumbs up me and here's gonna
move in together Los Angeles yeah yeah
we have to I am imagine those blogs
whole is next level well each of our
camera yeah don't be all bad okay
boyfriend first boyfriend movie this
them who made this you gonna go hit the
road text me when you get home finish
that's the call me jack what hit the
road Jack and don't you come back okay
if this vlog does get three thousand
thumbs up here's has to come to LA in
the next two weeks that's for sure
hundred percent but the twenty thousand
is maybe pushing it but three thousand I
think we could do that easy
alright I'm gonna give you back it ever
born I tell you not they're gonna hit
okay let's see guys what's good bro
always nice to meet you man
I'd been fan I'm some on TV on
