what's up guys so first of all I don't
like Black Friday shopping I think it's
the dumbest thing that stores open at
like 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day you
should be with your family but
unfortunately I'm not with my family
this year for the first time ever so I'm
out at the stores I don't plan to buy
anything except maybe aqua AIDS or the
Kyrie double nickels just that I need to
do some reviews on them and because I
actually want to keep the kairi's if I
get the aquas I'm gonna be giving them
away for the 50,000 ckick subscribers
basically like a little celebration and
giveaway for you guys for all my
official subs and yeah we're just gonna
shop around Black Friday deal number one
camo thermal Polo Ralph Lauren for the
great price of $24.99 originally 45 now
I'm not gonna wear it just like this I'm
gonna wear it to wear where I wear it
and then I have like a hoodie over so
that just the bottom pokes out because I
would never just rather straight up army
long-sleeve like that maybe if it was a
short sleeve but not a thermal that's
for sure so I found footlocker but I
highly doubt that they're selling aquas
or
have left over 6 a.m.
walking out a footlocker and these guys
up I'm a huge fan of Caixa and we're
gonna go say what's up to their other
homie right now line right now that's in
line so let's go find them right now
what if he doesn't even care what's up
what's good bro nice to meet you man
I'd been fan look at that pose shut up
swag everyone cussing Harris and wear a
sneaker sorry I appreciate you guys man
hey yo another homie everyday thank you
for appreciating thank you nice meeting
you
what a garden I made a mistake that I've
never made before usually when I start
filming a new video I format my memory
card and I put it in the camera what I
did is I accidentally put my memory card
in the camera I formatted it and then
yesterday I realized that I formatted it
with what are those on there without
putting it on my laptop so unfortunately
on crew kicks there will not be what are
those episode 2 so we have to redo it
find a new opponent for watch us and
then give you guys episode 2 so I
apologize for all the people that we're
looking forward to that but it's not
gonna be on crew kicks today and that's
my fault
so I apologize but anyway I'm still at
the mall shopping as you guys can see I
got to come back at 6 a.m. to get the
Aqua eights for you guys it's not for me
it's for you guys I don't know what size
I'm gonna get I'm gonna maybe just get
like probably go with the tan and then
worst case you guys to the size swap in
or I don't know hopefully you guys are a
size 10 but I'm just gonna get size 10
that's like the most common one and yeah
it's 2:00 a.m. I'm at Target for some
reason about to buy this new drone for
my vlog shelter here low-key
wait this is actual camera this thing
does not work good they're lying
Thank You a.m. target taupe and I wish
target was open 24/7 7 days a week but
unfortunately it's not it's not Walmart
we don't mess with Walmart too much guys
but it's young target baby so you know
how the boy had to make a return to the
to the to the to the to the dude I just
like started I don't know what's wrong I
mean this I need some sleep I still got
to go home at it this wake up 5 a.m. go
get the shoes i 6 a.m. hopefully they
got mice all right so yeah it's a
struggle right now okey
so I'm back man back at the mall 6:00
a.m. I didn't even rest I didn't even
sleep straight from Target took a like a
30 minute break to edit some little bit
and now I'm back man at the mall
hopefully get these sneakers kind of
trying to turn the crew kicks video into
like a mini documentary type thing I can
documentary like a mini movie of what it
takes to know what you got to do in
order to get a sneaker you know what I'm
saying you got to try online you strike
out online with the Raffles you got to
go chat again person you can't get them
in person you gotta try Nike website
different strategies but hopefully we
can get this one this one falls through
so let's get to this mall unless there's
like a hidden line that I don't know
about dude I'm not used to the camera
being so close to me since I'm not using
this acoustic today I'm not used to do I
need he put a facing both Disney Store
there's no line right now unless there's
like a line outside that I don't know
okay I'm not you need some sleep dawg I
don't know what I'm saying right now
basically
we waiting for footlocker to open
there's no one else here
so we get to go
but I wasn't gonna say oh yeah but it's
almost 6 a.m. I have a business call
at 9 a.m.
I'm even gonna get any sleep early and
I'm delusional
pretty much right so they already have
them on display I don't know if that's
for high purposes or what but I was here
earlier today and they were not on
display and they're right there
they looked dope dude Loki I want to
just get myself a pair a successful day
in the office
got a size nine and a half so we're good
to go I'm going to enjoy them for like a
week do it on feet for you guys and then
I'm gonna give them away because you
know why cuz you boil okay you smart
smart I'm still like half asleep guys a
lot of people can't handle waking up
this early I can a lot of people can't
handle Black Friday I can't I don't
think yeah why does it keep zooming in
man this shit's annoying freaking oh I
hate this camera right now man oh if
wide US was here right now
I hope everyone had a safe Black Friday
I hope everyone got the deals they
wanted got the steals they wanted hope
everybody who wanted the aquas got him
I'm about to check these bad boys out in
the car actually so we're not gonna well
actually you know I'm not gonna show you
because if I show you then that's that's
not fair because you need to go on crew
cakes to see it alright okay when we
finally in the car start the car because
it is freaking hot
I mean cold oh my god I don't know
what's wrong with me they didn't have a
size ten
- I didn't have a size ten but they had
a size nine retro card I don't know why
I'm showing you guys right now because
you're supposed to go to the I'm just
gonna show you my reaction to these I
like these own I mean the quality could
have been better you know a lot of
people said Oh quality's amazing that
keep it really true quality could've
been better
I love the gray on the back that they
made it was less black and more gray on
the back that back area but overall
dopes you shouts out to the Aqua gods
shout out to Aquaman shout out to
Jumpman Jumpman Jumpman imagine if they
made this all leather let me know
overall - dope shoe ooh this purple
glistens on you boy - the Sun comes out
wake back up - on feet of these for the
crew kicks and review for you guys so
head over the crew kicks man subscribe
we're almost at 50,000 subscribers once
we hit 50,000 subscribers I'm going to
give these bad boys away but as while I
have them
I'm gonna enjoy definite unaware of them
that's for sure ooh hello I've changed a
lot
I buy a lot alright that's it for this
vlog man I'm out of here hope everyone
has a great day have a great weekend
great Friday I'm tired as hell stay
low-key I really don't know what to say
alright
this is Q signing off aka according to
your comments they want to be Drake aka
the hypebeast
a.k.a I don't know alright alright guys
see you in 2016
bye
