ah
what's good guys so welcome to another
day of vlogging I'm here with the one
and only watch us but we can't show you
why do you ask what's going on guys look
at that fit for some reason some reason
we're both hella fitted right now boy
maybe it's because we're shooting a
promo for your new series baby I think
that's a little better I think cuz it's
not mr. fish is gonna be official right
I'm gonna start it in December and I
started still working on it like how to
do it and everything you know as you
guys know I ventured into the fashion
slash sneaker and you see yes and wide
US has been wanting to do this for a
while so in a December December I think
because they're you know off of school
when your break gonna have more time so
we're gonna start doing YG wednesdays
well yeah why do you include we're not
gonna give you too much information but
we're shooting the intro weekend huh
we're gonna shoot the intro today and
some promo shots so I'm gonna be
shooting so we're gonna be surely just
ever go into it it's called round two
we're going around to to go I'm gonna go
buy some shoes from there and I'm gonna
take them along the ride yeah we're
gonna be all over LA today so it should
be a good day guys so meet up with the
prince oh the prince is coming guys just
know he's been in my for some princes
yeah princess back but we just got done
filming at round two it's gonna be on
crew cakes today so make sure you guys
watch it oh and it's Thanksgiving for
you guys so happy Thanksgiving hope
everyone's having a blast what are you
thankful for guys John I'm thankful for
my friends family health and bank
account and bitches oh my god am I gonna
be grateful for everything BAM from the
ceiling to the floor whoo bottom to the
top yeah
started from the bottom now we here guys
the unveiling of his haircut is actually
today on their channel everyone's been
asking what's the channel name will link
it down below youtube.com slash screw-up
med it's yg Wednesday Mahmud Bros with
many brothers my mood brothers I don't
know why I feel like I have to go like
this now when you're the one that's like
that keep going like this like I got to
cut off my hair too really yeah but
anyway we're gonna go to Santa Monica
now third Street gives me a thirst you
want to shut down hey yeah so we'll see
you guys in Santa Monica because we're
gonna be in traffic for the next 30
minutes so I know you guys I want to see
that Rd hi guys we made it to third
three before we shut down
I'm hungry as hell we gotta film this
watch us intro video
what are you hungry Mouse team are
getting this Brooke shakes my take on
shake but you can eat there right I
don't know remember we ate that one time
with everybody yeah she's got fries or
something yeah no I think all right wait
text them and see where he's at yeah
it's my blog stay with it do you know
how to do the dab yeah oh homeboys
roll enough found so I'm at PacSun right
now well we're at Paxton right now
waiting for watch us to get these
outfits going I'm like the girlfriend
that's waiting to prove up the outfit
right now okay
yeah all right guys so we just had some
Chipotle meanwhile gos and the prince is
in the building
Wow - happy - Debra Oh Peter that still
are filling some intros for watch us
we're still doing the watch us intro so
we got to finish that up the Sun is
starting to go down but it's all good
because we got the good camera on deck
all right guys
Black Friday deal of the day fire cakes
what's the Black Friday pickup of the of
the year
look at it this is gonna be like he's
restocking on the Oreo racers the pigeon
or first ones the I think these were the
the Buffalo blues once known to the
ESPYs and then you have the Mamba once
stay tuned NOLA are you gonna get the
Oreos they actually restocked you know
yeah fire kicks got the info down but
I've been learning from the best round
it's low-key proud of you go die
fire kicks didn't bring the exclusive
today all right guys
so we're done here at Santa Monica it's
a wrap
try to go back to the crib and finish
working on their video that will be out
today so yeah so we're gonna be pushing
out and grinding out all all night I'm
just gonna spend the whole night trying
to find Black Friday deals so follow him
on TV on you go oh yeah I woke up Andy
man I had to film edit I told you don't
disrespect me in front of the camera
oh my god
