I heard about that actually this school
actually I haven't had your post into
this who me you bullshit after what it's
a prank family my house what's up guys
so I got some guests that came over to
visit me I heard about that actually
heard about them actually it was a
shitty here boat make sure you vote
register now 65 years away and we got
another guess but we can't show this
upper half anyway uh so we're gonna go
to this little cafe real quick cuz i'm
hungry and haven't ate and then we're
gonna huh what kind of food if Emma they
have like croissants that have turkey
and cheese on there let's see I'm
crystals outpost um post-workout meal
thing I went to the gym this morning
guys foot stop I didn't go to the gym
this morning it I woke up I was Andy man
I had to film edit right I told you
don't disrespect me in front of the
camera well I sweating it oh my god oh
really to catch a fade oh I'm gonna
shoot the fair with this guy right now
man okay so the reason why these guys
came over and besides hanging out is um
they're gonna be competing in the second
ever sneaker game show what are those
episode 2 no was the first-ever sticker
game show with this episode to watch us
is defending his champion against what
cost and we're gonna see who wins here
what he has the Bell how do you feel
you're confident going into this one
already got hardy won at once and ain't
no thing to do it twice then
deuce coupe so for everyone that's been
asking for it what are those the game
show will be up this friday on crew cake
sorry ok so we left the house before the
warriors and lakers game started now
here's my theory I want the Warriors to
get the record I do you know I was
supporting them last season Bay Area
native but I want Kobe to end I know
this might be his last season so
everyone's saying he's fallen off he's
not doing good i wanted to have one last
game where he can put into his legacy
you know what I'm saying so he can
prevent the warriors from because
getting the record you know they tied it
that's good enough you know so hopefully
they can do it but anyway we're gonna go
get copies i season I know I hope it i
hope it's his last season just because i
don't want him to retire injured the
thing is he said I he said that if
nothing changes the way it is right now
if nothing changes then the knee eyes
this is it for me basically that's what
he said Sammy hope I don't know man
Kobe's just cuz I want him to have one
last game worth like we know what's his
last game not where he gets hurt ya and
then he's like oh I'm done jacket just
by his body language I can tell he's
really just trying to help these keep
like the youngins out you know and
trying to help the rookies grow but but
knowing him he's gonna keep fighting
ISIL are you so freaking sad Roni
retires like low-key am I even like I'm
serious look you watch you gave me that
three dude that's growing up that that's
cool like for me he's like Michael
Jordan it's Kobe run I pick copy over MJ
any day that's just me though because we
grew up watching exactly I didn't grow
up watching my I grew up both like I
watched Jordan but it wasn't more like
wats I wasn't Indian back yeah i got
into basketball like freshman year of
high school Kobe's like a childhood yeah
that's like that's what's crazy i got
into basketball right around the
three-peat era oh really yeah yeah a
little before then
so that gave me anyway we're gonna go
grab some food right now okay so we're
at
which-which right now or you grab your
little bag yeah you put your name first
off it's about for something Italian
whew so guys I always forget to show you
my food because I always get so hungry
and I eat it I'm such a fat but anyway
it was really good they like the guys
since we can't show it yg did you like
it it's so good well I guess I didn't
give you guys the best vlog today but I
tried um Lakers got killed
congratulations to the Warriors for
holding the record for the greatest
start in the NBA history I felt like
today was kind of like the passing of
the torch MJ passed the torch to Kobe
Kobe was the man of his era Kobe's
passing the torch to curry Curry's the
man of this era that's just my opinion
maybe I'm wrong maybe LeBron had it
somewhere in between there but the way
things are looking Warriors might be
going back to back anyway shout out to
watch you would cost for coming through
today we filmed the second edition of
what are those that will be up this
friday I'm trying to plan some big
special for crew kicks on thursday i
don't know if it's gonna happen i'm not
sure if i'm going to have a main channel
video up on thursday i know i told you
guys that yesterday but sometimes i have
ideas that are too big to just put
together in two days or one day and they
need like a week's work so i don't know
i still don't know yet I really don't
know yet which sucks because it's
Wednesday no for you guys but anyway
I'll see what I can do just pay
attention to the main channel because
something might go it's like a Nike
restock it might just pop up you know
what I'm saying it so I was going
through my old hard drive and I found
some footage which I don't think I've
ever uploaded anywhere
but basically back in like 2012 we did
this thing called 30 days 30 videos on
my channel my main channel when I only
had one channel we were very close to
10,000 subscribers at the time and we
wanted to do something to help get
ourselves some promotion and kind of
make like a promo video that would go up
on the main channel so we went to the
mall and you were just giving people our
business card we had our business card
with our YouTube channel on there and we
were just trying to get any exposure we
could get so if we just went to the mall
and we messed around so i found that
footage and i'm gonna I don't even know
if it's good enough but I'm just going
to go chop it up and edit it together
and see if I get posted for you guys so
I'm gonna end the vlog with that I hope
you guys do um enjoy it and the reason
why i am posting it is just a little bit
of motivation for you guys to see where
we were at back then less than 10,000
subscribers and trying to you know just
hustle it out not just online like
tweeting people but like in person and
where we are now we're almost at 200,000
on the main channel i know it's like
170,000 but i'm just going to say
200,000 and we have three channels now
two very successful ones right now which
is crew kicks and crew TV and yeah man
is crazy how things change and i'll see
you guys tomorrow all right enjoy this
stuff man I'm out of here you know how
we do it baby wearing some shores and
lights look carnage just got a text
message from your girl probably oh I did
two days before la it's a free out near
me
yeah 30 days 30 videos I'm mi good
please check us out on youtube
youtube.com slash guys over 30 days 30
video hey give a shout out to 30 days 30
videos raise their video videos idea
I interested would you rather have price
on monotype okay alright man take care
we out here at newpark mall trying to
promote 30 days in 30 videos we got the
business cards are going to hand them
out
we got a computer
now you have that you have to go on
youtube pick it up pick it up come on
ah back somebody help Timmy Liu to Jimmy
on are you check me out on you to check
me out on you tebya Robert
I tend to do you at the camera
Oh
I just what we're going to do I'm i have
Kasim roll through the mall and then
back there stealing something
Oh
you know 30 days 30 videos month of
Ramadan he's left newpark mall we got to
get a pop and I'm gonna give a shout out
to some of my friends you know Harris
kotak san roque get John Cena shout out
to diddy for sending me that new camera
shout out to shout out to just some
nobody Samantha people what's up girl oh
these are so loud air jordan ones with
the dream come the socks don't even
worry what do you got on vampire kick
