y'all what up guys
Irish yeah but you know I broke up what
up guys so I'm with the one and only
because we can't show you why G because
his hair is cut and they're waiting for
the new video to go off the frank which
we're about to start working on well
actually we've been working on there's
about to be okay yeah I'm editing the
godfathers editing this prank for them
watch us inside and these are servo Air
Jordan ones with the dream cruise soft
don't even worry what do you got on
vampire kick fire kicks bringing the
heat huh shouts out to my boy pg-13 Paul
George killing it this season I bet
you'd even know that what that's what I
said before I thought it was like some
like my like game to 13 why'd you guys
let's just see his lower face didn't
have he looks so much better guys I'm
keeping it very loose who made this
thought you gotta make sure you're not
in the vlog stop his hair looks way
better I'm thank God we cut that man bun
off it's amazing the time what a time to
be alive you know what I realized I uh
suppose we were I know okay yeah I'm
wait you know yeah you do it's like
shaving you know like I look way younger
now but even though I've kept up here
than everything like your ears the same
I just look way younger so the question
is is wha here is West even oh oh did I
do name Twitter very yg was so here's
the thing just sit by to the crew
January early January mean hares are
going to New York for my one of our good
friends wedding so I'm super excited but
the problem is I'm gonna look like a fat
piece of crap
because I'm gonna be looking like an
idiot in my suit so I need to get in
shape starting tomorrow morning I'm
gonna start going to the gym again you
guys have heard the same old song a
million times about me starting to gym
grind but I have a valid reason one I'm
fat too
it can't be good for my health 3 I got
to look good for the wedding you know
what I'm saying so yeah Jim Brian starts
tomorrow and I'm about to go head home
watch Survivor Series even though it
already started shout out to WWE Network
I'm gonna play it from the beginning and
watch it and then edit all night
all right so here's the deal as you guys
know every Monday on ku cakes I upload a
crew collection which is basically your
guys's collections the people who submit
their videos to me I title a sneak peek
like I have many of my other videos
which is basically means like a sneak
peek like a view of their sneaker
collection that which I got from Nice
Kicks and it's worth as far as trying to
grow the audience and get people to
watch the video but unfortunately nice
kicks didn't want me to do that anymore
so they contacted me a few days ago they
told me that they'd prefer me to stop
using that and I'm not gonna sit here
and be like no I'm not gonna stop blah
you know I'm not trying to make enemies
especially in the sneaker game when I'm
trying to grow so I told them I'd stop
using it so from now on you won't see
the title sneak peek so you'll just see
cool collections I don't know what I'm
gonna use yet but hopefully I can come
up with something catchy quick peek I
don't know what I'm gonna call it but
yeah that's that so shout out to Nice
Kicks
no hard feelings I'm gonna stop taking
your titles and I don't know what do you
guys think about that you think I should
be able to use it you don't think I
should be able to use it I don't know I
just don't want any problems or legal
action or anything like that so I'm just
gonna play it safe and do my thing
Wow
so it says my package was delivered but
it's nowhere to be found it's been
missing for two days it's really small
it was only like $10 but I need it for a
video so now I have to order another one
what the that's very alarming my babies
right here if I did indeed put my new
address and I didn't get it that's a
crap out because what if it was
something 10 times better I mean more
important and I didn't get it I mean
it's like the third or fourth package
I've received at this new place and
they've all been delivered this is the
first one that hasn't so I gotta check
that mattress I put right now the few
things I actually want to talk to you
guys about I'll try to keep it quick
because I hate when I get these car
talking moments cuz you guys just
forward through them one I've got a lot
of packages coming sneakers clothing
different things man and I'm super
excited to do those unboxings for you
guys so new whole boxing's will be on
the bait channel also I got a pair of
sneakers waiting for me back home from
which I'm gonna do a review on even
though they came out a while ago the CP
313 yeah man just know I've got a whole
bunch of but my I don't know if anybody
even looks forward to my unboxings and
things like that but it's coming and
second okay now I kind of forgot what I
was gonna say to you guys damn it
oh yeah okay so as you guys know I got
my hoverboard like a couple months ago
from level boards calm and as you guys
know again it broke it snapped in half I
didn't even bring it in LA with me
because it doesn't works but it just
drags on the ground and you guys
remember I tried to fix it that was a
fail so I hit them back up I hit my man
a cup at level boards I said yo my level
board broke
like you know let me get a new one you
know what I'm saying
and he hit me back he said alright give
me a few weeks
give me a month or so and we're gonna do
something special for you so I said okay
we're gonna do something special so
we've been talking and we're working on
something I don't want to say too much
but a new level board aka a hoverboard
aka I don't know there's like a million
names for it
Segway handless Segway the thing new
here you stand on and it looks like
you're moving it doesn't look like you
are moving so basically within the next
few weeks I'm gonna be unveiling the new
one that I get it's actually gonna be a
main Channel video so that should keep
you guys hive and know that it is
something big we're hoping to break the
internet with this
yeah man just stay tuned and other than
that man I am trying my hardest to get
you guys a video on the main channel on
Thanksgiving Day I have a few ideas I'm
hoping to execute them today or tomorrow
I mean tomorrow or Wednesday so just
know that there might there's like a 99%
chance there will be a main channel
video on Thursday Thanksgiving
I haven't hyped it up on the main
channel but you probably will hurt the
views or whatever but I don't care you
guys have waited long enough it's a day
where everyone's gonna be together with
their families so Thursday if everything
goes correctly I'll keep you updated in
tomorrow's vlog there will be a new main
Channel video ok so guys so I went to
the mall today I didn't really vlog my
day but I went to the mall today and I
bought myself two hoodies and a beanie I
don't know why because it's not that
cold here but in January I'm calling in
New York so I'm low-key preparing when I
really don't need to hmm merlyn's zip up
hoodie I rarely wear zip up hoodies so
this was kind of odd for me to fly but
it was 1999
another hoodie this blue this is
actually like a midnight blue with a
little bit of dye in it black dye this
one was from Nordstrom the brand is rail
and it cost me 49 50 usually beanies
look really ugly on my head I took a
chance focus focus focus ok I hope that
focused Mick what is the McDonald's
robbery guy that grimace Hamburglar I
look like the Hamburglar and this shirt
I'm not sure if I put this in the vlogs
but shout out to exile clothing sent me
these dope acts
you bet the 97 it's actually a velcro
strap once my five pillars hats come in
shuts out to fruit fruit I've been
waiting five pillars for merchandise I
have to sit in here I haven't opened I
haven't opened it yet because I'm
waiting for the hats determined so I can
do a nice little video for you guys guys
okay
Black Friday deals start on Black Friday
this Friday but if you go to the mall
right now and you go to hmm they have
already started their sale low-key I got
this black hoodie the other day zippers
on the bottom $15
super dope go cop it they have it in
grade two shout-out to exile clothing I
have not won this one yet oh dude this
shirt right here is dope it was so dope
I bought it in white for Harris now you
guys know me I'm not a Cavs fan but I do
love Kyrie and I like LeBron so this
shirt was just dope itself and I had to
cop it Hall of Fame they both got the
masks on LeBron versus Kyrie and the
reason why I liked it the most is
because I said Survivor Series right
there and it says LeBron the champion
versus Kyrie the contender so Hall of
Fame doe best shirt so yeah anyway I
think that's it for today I can't think
of anything else to talk to you guys
about but hope you guys had a great day
hope you enjoyed this vlog and I'm just
gonna throw my camera out the window
just kidding you got a selfie stick
I mean acoustic I said a man I'd be $20
if you drop us in the club he said man
 that I'll drop it in for free
and I with you I said
