every sneakerheads saturday starts out
like this
it's been a long day without you my
friend okay so here's the deal I didn't
get the dorm Becker's not that I wanted
him I was gonna actually sell them or
trade them for something I wanted but I
did win the in-store raffle fro youth
sighs so yeah anyway I don't know we'll
see if I go pick those no ticket on my
car Thank You LA traffic control I
forgot my freakin so I forgot my main
camera in my apartment so I gotta go
back to the apartment and grab it
because that's really crucial for what
we're doing today so I've been watching
a lot of the old vlogs where I used to
do a lot more edits and things like that
take more time and I kind of rushed the
vlogs now just because I do have three
channels to run and I want to apologize
for not staying - that true - what
brought you guys here so I'm gonna go
back to the edits I'm gonna try to make
these vlogs next level and make them
dope and just add a new type of style to
them I've been watching other youtubers
and bloggers to see what their style is
and I've kind of liked taking little
hints and tricks and tips from them I'm
not copying anybody I'm just I get
inspiration you know I'm saying so maybe
some people will say like oh you're
copying this person's style you're
trying to be too much like this but I'd
ended the day we are all creators we
inspire each other and I don't think
anybody really compa see each other I
think we just you know learn learn from
each other so
uh-uh Yemen come get this camera and
let's go get this day started what's up
guys so finally linked up with the one
and only watch us watch us what's going
on yo we just having some Panera Bread
he didn't eat but it's all good I got my
fixin energy for the morning by far huh
you know I think it's really super super
like coming out the cuts Paulie alright
guys so we just got done pranking watch
us I can't show you all the footage
because it's gonna go up on their
channel let's just say someone went to
the barbershop a little too early if you
feel me you know so majors gonna be on
their channel on Black Friday Friday
check it out Friday so uh yeah he
actually dipped so we don't know where
he's at but call him right now be like
yo fam come back I need a ride home
alright guys so we're leaving Panera
Bread it convinced ye to come back so
he's gonna meet us over there and she's
gonna walk around
and oh yeah we're going to third Street
Santa Monica the old stomping grounds I
gave it to you in a shutdown no look how
mad this guy is all of a sudden all of a
sudden you ever had on you feel naked
ya know the emo voice coming out from
all of a sudden us see with the short
hair fans oh oh alright so now that we
are back in my area of town we got we
got the yg prank out of the way
we convinced them to come back and it's
time to start filming some snake your
heads be like scenes so I'm in this all
ovo fit right now over your shirt all
the old shoes I thought it were the hat
too but you guys woulda went in on me
with the hi beast comments so and we're
gonna be filming at this little park
right here so where's yg I'll look at
him yg is currently suffering from man
button missed man bland depression
all of a sudden mist Nanban depression
yeah I'm about to start filming thanks
for coming back
marques things out who's my capital rep
ooh Oh Oh colors on fair
is he wearing baby blue instead of like
blue blue but you read we frog G Oh
so change back again third outfit of the
day we bout to go to the Grove I'm gonna
actually go pick up the dorm Becker's in
a size six why that I wanted raffle I
don't know why probably just to do a
crew kicks review kicks fire kick man
the raffle game has not been good for me
but good news is I did tell my Chicago
so sorry for all the people have been
hitting love already sold those so new
shoes are gonna be coming to that'll
restock on my inventory holiday is
coming up and people wanna know you're
gonna have aqua eights on deck I might
have the Aqua eight the Christmas
Carolina blues a lot of stuff is coming
up just wait on it all right guys you
heard it here first that's we're gonna
do this
do you guys thumbs up if you're gonna
see a review from kicks fire on the DBS
Arcade Fire kicks I give it a thumbs up
you want me to review the Doernbecher x'
I think they're the the 13th or 14th
15th all three of them will came out no
how many just the one fam just the 13th
okay the 13th came out so I really like
that gum so on this one so check
what are those fruity pebbles fresh
prints I know what's the difference
between these two BAM I don't see you
told me but you know I'm saying but let
me just tell you right now you see you
guys check this out to see the midsole
right here just compare my kicks meet
the only warfare this is much thicker a
lot of people you know what they've been
doing a lot recently they've been taking
this out and putting it yeah know your
role family
what you doing from you honey we're
adding you to the list of people that's
gonna do this yg do the hair is did it
now you're doing it Oh BAM what what is
this
who made this family who made this
anyway I got the DBS y'all let's take a
look at these the box is fire already
these look like they should be a girl
size a girl shoe anyway the Bonner this
is nice material
all of a sudden crisp offense
y'all some fake Laker fans man let's
look you though if it aint Kobe's on
your feet don't put it on phone yeah
yeah next I got those words and then the
floor or the cp3 Wow all of a sudden
clipper fan USC alumni
so a quick grope run these guys broke
sweat it's got energy dude your hair
looks hella funny let's take it off just
I'm gonna show them the back of your
head
look at that the rest in peace ball hey
if you're watching this - lately I'm
just like it's too late
denofa I mean I don't know after I'm
doing Harris who's next
Oh who's next we'll let the people
decide next I don't know Harry's because
I practice the competition is not out
there gee I might have to come out of
retirement is Izanami HP got Derrick
Rose right here you film competition is
not on Paul George fan someone out there
who knows Paul George PG pg-13 there all
of a sudden anyway this guy's gonna go
get a haircut I'm gonna go shower rest
up a little bit and then I got to go to
the Sean concert that's gonna be lit man
I'm soaked I'm so excited
what up guys so we're outside of the Big
Sean concert about to go wait you got
this big ass line right now we showed up
a little late but it's all good
we gonna do something special for you
guys alright you'll be inside right now
big shots on food and fun to be playing
right now we're trying to get off the
bed
first of all we gotta throw it over to
the man both beads right now on stage
let's go
Oh Liam
obese Yaya don't get seconds let me see
if you feel like reading this
motherfucker man let me hear you make
some noise
I want to convey ideas on a face
generation my brother up here was
rocking his visible fly came out DJ both
beasts that's my brother right there for
my mother man since I got into this shit
he'd been rolling with me I remember the
first time I met DJ more pieces in the
club didn't nobody know who the fuck I
was my song had just dropped on that I
can't say we met the mixtape all kind of
mixtape - it was called peaches song I
was up in the clouds at Detroit at Club
Lukens DJ pon visas are lighting on the
radio at the time
I'm saying I said evening and I give you
$20 if you drop your Civic club he said
man fuck that shit I'm droppin in for
3-band I fuck with you up say hey I say
hey cuz labs would ever pop off for me
doc I'm gonna take you on a roll I bake
you might be say we go go around the
world and that motherfucker dream came
true thanks to you guys
this beginning is
yo what's up guys so today is the day
after the Big Sean concert
oh man
oh man every time I get to watch Big
Sean live it is another experience man
he has that thing popping out jumping
high like I'm Jordan or something it's
freaking crazy he debuted two new songs
for us last night he liked giving us the
LA audience a sneak preview of the new
material a big big THANK YOU to mama and
Moe beats he's such a dope dude man I
appreciate you man a lot he killed the
two unfortunately from the angle which I
was sitting I couldn't even see mobians
on the stage because that stage setup
was so high but he killed it man he
killed his before set before Shawn even
came out he was just throwing bangers
out on the for everyone everybody pumped
and he did an amazing job so shout out
again mo beads I appreciate you lending
me over some footage for my dream crew
audience I'm about to go inside right
now and start editing probably linked up
with Achmed yg because we got some
editing to do for their channel and yeah
man it's Sunday for me Monday for y'all
so hope everybody has a great start to
the week stay positive stay grinding
we're almost at 50,000 subscribers on
crew kicks we're almost at a hundred
thousand subscribers on subscribers on
this channel and new main Channel videos
are being worked on so just waiting on
that yeah man I feel good today man I
had a good time last night feeling good
today and it almost felt all right
thumbs up man for that Big Sean concert
thumbs up for you guys and we will see
you tomorrow
