it's so freaking cold right now
wintertime is definitely coming and I
love it when it's not here but when it's
here it's freaking cold as hell and I
hate it but I still love it good morning
oh boy everyone's having a good day
trying to have a good day right now I
had a rough night long night didn't go
to sleep until late probably got like 40
minutes of sleep but the good thing is
that today should be a good day
hopefully and up early it's 849 I'm
about to head to Anaheim and go have
breakfast with my cousins who are just
that last day out here so I'm gonna go
breakfast with them and baby Ava got the
nice Mickey breakfast for you meet all
the characters and things like that so
it's been a dream of mine to meet the
cast so let's go ahead and check it out
all right see you guys there
okay so we're about to check out this
all-you-can-eat buffet right now I'm
going for breakfast first and I'm going
for pizza should we tell them how much
you hate
look at all the Mickey Mouse waffles
hate Tameka Baroni french toast Mickey
Mouse pancakes chicken nuggets eaten
good right now
how's your experience at the Gucci cafe
alright guys we came back to the living
room right now this is their hotel it's
pretty nice this is all you guys brought
you didn't bring any luggage I'm just
kidding guys it's the hotel it's a prank
fad
what's wrong
all right
alright guys so I literally pulled over
in the middle of the street to show you
guys this
la just know it's coming man
I'm going to tell you guys were yet but
just know it's coming when you leave
yourself he's sticking the crew stick in
the car what's good guys so today is
actually the next day from yesterday
what is today's Thursday
yeah it's Thursday um beautiful day in
LA I'm a it's currently like what 9
o'clock a.m.
I know 7 a.m. about to start putting in
work right now I got a film Jordan one
video that I didn't get to film because
then the lighting yesterday basically
for today's video it's gonna be on food
cakes my joint in one collection but
yesterday after we went to dinner my
cousin and them left
it went back home to the bay so I'll be
seeing my family for Thanksgiving when I
go back out there
I hope and
holidays made cool man I don't know
really what else to say but at least
cool I'm enjoying it and I just need to
put in more work man
I can't wait these days you know what
I'm saying so I'm about to put in work
right now and film this Jordan on video
because we have quite a few here there's
nothing crazy but I thought it would be
a dope concept for a video let me know
what else you guys would like to see on
crew kicks uh you guys know your voice
matters to me a lot like I want to do
what you guys want I realized that
recently the past like two weeks all of
crew cakes have been like stuff related
to me I want to do more stuff related to
other people's collections and things
like that so I'm gonna reach out to
people in the LA area maybe some
well-known people and it's their grandma
things like that if you guys know any
sneakerheads in the LA area who have
dope collections like IG famous or maybe
celebrities I can get in contact with
who would be down to do some type of
video let me know comment down below put
their Instagram or something like that
because I'm just trying to network and
get good content for you guys on the
channel and yeah man I think today I'm
just gonna mainly focus on that tomorrow
I'm gonna be filming possibly for my
main channel and yeah for sure we're
filming tomorrow for the main channel
let's hit man I'm super sorry about this
short vlog I hope you guys do not hate
me for that but yeah it is what it is
and everybody hope you guys have a great
day keep grinding out Warriors are
playing at the Staples Center tonight
versus the Clippers I wish I could go I
wanna go I was originally supposed to go
but things didn't go as planned so
that's a crap out but I'm kind of
considering going to the Lakers Raptors
game tomorrow cuz Drake might be there
you know it's Drake season I'm just can
I just want to go cuz I really want to
watch Kobe again
loke you have to take advantage of every
game kobe plays because you never know
with this this season and the way his
body is performing it's just like my
every game might be his last I don't
know but hopefully not so anyway that's
it for today make sure you give this
vlog a thumbs up even though it wasn't
the best in the world I know my real
dream KU people can appreciate it and
we'll hit that thumbs up and I'll see
you guys on the next vlog Oh check out
my new tripod by the way it's a good gun
I don't promote gun violence at all I
think guns are the stupidest thing in
the world but this is pretty badass I
actually got from Target it was
originally a $70 tripod someone returned
it and it was listed at $39.99 when I
rang it up when the lady bringing it up
it showed her best $22 so I got a
freaking steal for this so the camera
just looks sexy I just love this
all-black setup with just the orange
detail super dope just no family
oh all right guys they said he looked
like he was a Bollywood superstar and
they didn't like that so they freaking
locked him up man come on where's the
cops off him here's
