welcome to vlog number 301 now you guys
might notice that the number is missing
out of the title I decided to cut those
out so from now on the numbers to cut it
out dude
cut it out no more of that just cut it
out dude
just cut just did just kind of out all
right just that even Disney would
withdraw spam yeah oh yeah yeah you're
done look what I can do I think my mouth
we're gonna travel from the creative oh
so yeah we ditch the numbers but as you
guys can see in the beginning of the
intro it's still gonna say the number on
there so for the confused bunch of
individuals there you have it
I'm about to open up these this package
I got because I've been waiting to hear
hey you wanna you're over this package
your runs over this baggage stop them
epic box package hey guys welcome
everybody its tbling here coming back
hit you with another sneaker hit s kicks
calm collective kicks on pump hey what's
going on guys use your hands here from T
Blake it's calm then another unboxing
for you guys today
drum roll please bang bang this is from
Stan's calm did I show that the vlog I
bought it from Stan no he didn't same
thing yeah receipt for the receipt
please
we got ourselves to tell the world today
oh my got two bam bam we got ourselves
you know socks come like in a pair right
you don't to buy it like two of them as
you guys can see from the matte black
you get the Big Sean stance
collaboration
oh yeah the BS right here yeah oh you
know that that's no BS fam no BS s
stands for big scrotum right or big shot
oh I forgot about that too nice guy
this one yeah it's not your own don't
you dare broker at all go on dark sky
paradise don't was the album on your car
it's nice
these are fire these are fry goes what
the kids call it on this realm I think
you know you see regular you can see it
yeah o3m baby thunder lightning that's
so badass
oh yeah we try to make the keopi
collaboration suits all I'm saying
see you soon
boo oh shit yeah
wait the three hammer up there oh dude
epic elevator praying click vidcom look
this guy looked like he was out of like
he was in LA for like a week
you know these bags yeah just in case
Harris leaving today I'm going to
Disneyland later on today around like 3
o'clock to meet up with my cousin and
yeah I got a two day park cover so two
days in a row I hope you guys can hear
me because it's super windy and if you
can't hear me that I'm pissed off if I
can't use this footage but I'm pretty
sure I can use this footage and I don't
know where the hell I parked I heard
about that actually
so yeah damn and everything just took a
360 turn man all we were doing was
walking down the street in the cops were
messing with Harris they said he looked
like he was a Bollywood superstar and
they didn't like that so they freaking
locked him up man come on where's the
cops off him
you're scaring me is this this is a
praying fell premises it's a prank it's
not real oh dude you came all the way to
LA for this huh what's up huh
Wow the matchup we've been waiting for
Harris first watch us what do you got to
say to him
I'm ready when you are baby show us some
skills now why'd you was showing us some
crossovers in this exact area what are
you gonna put on him this is all new to
me
shoot a 2-foot shot
Jordan brands newest athlete Harris H
Khattab wins your shoe company i play my
shoes coming out August 14 while the air
here rarest affairs
rasam replace and repeat
yo fam you wasting time Wow bro what is
this the other cricket training or no it
is crooked this is a horrible attempt by
Harris
come on show what you can do to watch E
oh ho give your eyes oh hey why are you
doing at 5 seconds cute tears is dying
Loki's we're breaking sweat guys it's
section is for soccer players all right
please exit I am we're transitioning
from bath okay used to have a logo at
the heart
are in a triangle all of a sudden soccer
sneakerheads Harris k15 cr7 HK 787 holla
at his new YouTube channel dude I want
this Jersey so bad but they never have
my size but I don't want this tight-ass
version I want like the regular version
you know they don't have they don't have
Excel I prefer Excel the software stuff
it's dumps dumb tight
all of a sudden freaking watch us all of
a sudden watch Jesus all of a freakin
certified us this is a mattress
discounters fab I guess a rather short
taking pictures from the lights and like
look at this background but we're in a
public store Sean
so everybody asks about my elbow no my
elbows not hurt I do please I started my
elbow hairs made that rumor up my mom
actually called me one day she said hey
what's wrong with you oh boy I'm saying
I hope your elbow gets better and I said
mom this is my pose yeah so basically
when you're posing like this you want to
act like your elbow hurts and you want
act like your girlfriend just left you
so oh now both of them here now both of
their girlfriends just left them and
both of them okay what causes hand hurts
as you guys can see okay no okay now his
elbow hurts
there you go yeah okay something hurt
god this is guys how to take a great
Instagram photo one-on-one we just got
done eating hi guys
I don't know how he does this thing
anyway this guy got a cane I put her in
yeah okay
this foot hurt and we're walking in
Fairfax because this looks like this big
sneaker Expo type thing from Project
blitz and they got crazy samples so
hopefully we could get in and closes in
an hour like Costco samples yeah like
you grab like a shoelace and you sniff
it and then you put it back so oh no I
Costco you can eat it they just throw
away the wrappers all right guys we here
I don't even know where to start right
now this is crazy
let's just take a quick glance one time
basically I think it's project with this
whole website inventory out here but I'm
gonna show you guys I'm gonna show you
guys a little bit for the vlog and I'm
gonna show you a little bit for a
cooking video so I can you hold it for
me I got
I should have brought my big camera man
I'm going mad right now
so man that was an insane I don't know
if it's a collection cuz he sells them
so yeah but all his personal collections
right now yeah I guess for 20 years
yes one guy who has job it's crazy but
it kind of compares to my collection
just a little bit okay mine's like
probably I'll get hit I gave it to ya
just kidding
what do you guys think those fresh let's
all a lot of sneakers that maybe want to
get back to the speaker he cook cakes
coming soon with possibly then messin
fire alright guys so now we're leaving
I'm gonna leave these guys actually when
we get back to the Grove because I got
to go to Disneyland
a late bloomer but I'm going to Disney
like that freakin five o'clock and
shout out to Ronda Rousey he got knocked
up and then go to jail but Ronda
Rousey's ha I think she's hot
yeah cute she's not hot like looks like
she's hot - she could beat my butt yeah
yeah looky that's kind of what you want
in a relationship you want to be the
dominant one of course but you still
want to be able to know that your girl
can like back you up if you get into a
fight take the trouble
you feel me this is low-key very
dangerous topic
hi guys finally linked up with the man
himself odd us on us big man who's my
kappa rip in a capitalist bellows again
Kappa Delta I think Kappa food okay yeah
take one have you ever many type of cap
if you aim for your message make any on
the streets pride you ain't from oozma
Kappa we ain't messing with you EMS
Missouri I'm repping the rebel of
diagram
yeah how's your day going so far though
I'm good yeah I went to the sneaker shop
they had audio aids and everything
really yeah well I actually heard about
that
hey guys if you see higher if you guys
see him in publicly say I heard about
that
anyway I'm about to head out BAM what is
it I don't know bro oh you are we set
fire kicks push that's him
here from fire kicks right fiery kick
saw you god I'm shaking right now look
at my hand I'm so nervous my god this is
my collection coming out and
retrospective here on complex like this
welke grab use it years from Disneyland
please which color not the people on the
bottle you know I'm not going to buy
them for you because we have to go
because you have to buy when you're
there do you also you and go again next
week but when next year okay will colors
black black just many I don't get me
Mickey they don't happen if you want
daddy
they don't make those are oh you mean
the circle cap I got you better all
right good no I forgot
what an amazing 24 hours it's been man
just having Harris here having the whole
crew together having all the homies
together it's just like it's dope man
you guys see me on the daily just doing
these vlogs sometimes by myself and then
you get the whole crew assemble it's
like the Avengers
it's one power super team and we just
have a great time and we just like we
vibed amazingly and it just clicks and
ideas come to come to the mind and we
just I get inspired I'm gonna work hard
I'm gonna put my team on you know I'm
saying like a lot of people get in they
get motivated by greed I want this I
want that I've always been one to like I
want if I'm gonna put myself on I want
to put everybody around me on you know
what I'm saying so that's why I'm very
selective about
along with and part of the like that the
actual group but you guys are the crew
you guys are all the people who support
me and make my dreams come true and I
consider you guys my crew but then
there's also like the crew who I'm with
on the daily and who I talked to on the
daily you know there's certain people
who hit you up when they need some and
then there's certain people who hit you
up when they ask you just want to know
how you're doing so those are real
friends that's how you have that's how
you separate friends from frauds you
know what I'm saying so everybody I was
with today those are people I can still
consider real friends because they want
to take me up and make me something
they'll hit me up when they want to
check how I'm doing and they want to
hang out to go grab something to eat
they don't want to just you know hit me
up and be like oh I'm shout me out on
this you know I'm saying these are all
real homies from the heart so I love it
each and want every one of these guys
that you saw on today's vlog and yeah
man another day in LA everyday I'm
getting more and more motivated and
tomorrow we start a new journey so just
wait on that we gonna go to Disneyland
back-to-back yo man so we finally inside
of Disneyland it was a struggle balloons
it was a struggle to get parking but I'm
here about to go meet up with my cousin
and have a good it's like it's almost
seven o'clock I think almost seven
o'clock so we have a few hours about six
hours until the park closes so I'm going
to enjoy it I didn't want to do a full
day because I'm still dead from
yesterday and two days just would have
been hectic balloons so this guy
couldn't afford his balloons to light up
so he's like look he's hella depressed
if you just see it in his eyes anyway
it's just the right when you walk into
here the vibe of if you having a bad day
if you're not in a good mood everything
switches it's like flip it's like
putting your phone on airplane mode you
know what I'm saying it's just one flip
one I love it you guys got it to that
person's picture don't even worry and
yeah I gotta go I'm gonna meet my
cousin's at Pirates of the Caribbean so
let's get it
what is that
oh hi
there you go focus focus using vision
hey guys so my cousin left they all went
home because they have a three-day pass
so they'll be back tomorrow and Tuesday
I don't I'm done this is my last day in
a while but before I leave I must stop
in the big Disney Store got the 30th
anniversary stuff right here he got the
homeboy homie right there I forgot his
name okay
all right ladies and gents um currently
living Disneyland and I get out of here
both freaking freezing I just froze my
butt froze my butt off trying to
freaking uh get to my car ah I'm so cool
I'm so tired but I've been working eight
days a week I got so much to edit when I
go home fruitcakes videos main Channel
video not main channel videos cooking
videos is vlog all that blitz shoes
sneaky stuff I got today it's crazy man
and I'm super excited before I get to
what I was about to say first of all
I'll I got here to Disneyland at 6:30 I
believe and I'm leaving at a little a
bit o 1051 I only stayed a few hours my
cousins left because they'd like I said
earlier they're tired and they're coming
in tomorrow my battery's about to die
got to keep it quick but anyway I don't
mind coming just for a few hours ago I'm
so dead tired and I still had a great
time got to see little baby Ava after
two weeks so after four weeks actually
so it felt good to be around some
families the first time I seen my family
out any any of my family since I moved
out here and it's been four weeks so it
is uh it feels great and then I was
going to say I literally just found out
that Big Sean has a concert in LA this
Saturday so you know it's about to be
late whoa all right guys I gotta go
this cameras about to die
