what up guys so today is complex con and
your boy is so excited man I'm excited
it's gonna be absolutely crazy I'm here
with unknown yeah I was good she fire
kicks you know I'm saying he's gonna
find out how much people outfits call
you know how it is he's gonna find out
how much you can sell outfits for but
what he caught but I can find for a
hundred bucks that complex oh yeah
you're gonna do that I don't really know
what I'm gonna be doing but I'm just
gonna be trying to get you guys the best
footage possible and the reason why I'm
here today is because a Shopify so shout
out to Shopify cuz they're the ones who
brought me here today let's go this way
they're the ones that brought me here
today and we'll talk more about that and
the frenzy app and all that good stuff
but basically I just want to get my pass
right now so we need to go to will call
get our passes oh I think we'll calls
right there is that will call I don't
know bro this line is insane Oh God
yo guys finally after an hour of
struggling we finally are inside complex
con man and it is looking crazy right
now brought like just wrap the G wagons
chillin you know what I'm saying like
it's crazy so far I need to go to the
adidas because I got to find a do this
alright guys so uh who's calling me so
I'm gonna be standing there later today
and I'm gonna be hosting but I just want
to show you guys some of the stuff that
they're gonna be auctioning off today
it's not really like an auction it's
just all you have to do is win a little
cool a little like ticket that brings
you to come here and it's like a raffle
pretty much but basically like some of
the stuff like have you even seen human
racers in that color before oh my god
now you see from this angle but they're
gonna be giving those away no this is
the band member one it has a red bag Wow
look oh yeah the other ones Kim yeah the
other one has camo yo man this is crazy
Oh even more human racers over here
these are some samples I guess
this booth is lit adidas killed it with
this one are you guys so we heard that
fear of blood and PacSun they have the
backpack the vans brother are we gonna
go try to get the vans and freakin we
where is it where is it I'm stressing
I'm stressing right now where's paksa so
now we are finally waiting in our first
line and it is at PacSun and we're
trying to get the fear of God fans but
we just found out it's raffle so you go
in there and you can buy anything else I
know they have like the backpacks and
stuff but yeah raffle for the shoes
which kind of sucks but I mean it is
what it is and hopefully we can get some
stuff but we'll see it's looking it's
looking kind of hard right now but
gotta keep trying to him gotta keep
hustling he puffs reseller mentality
I got no reception
you got through did I show you get it go
down go down around 75 or 700
should I know it's hard bro this
you got it
you got it I got it no way I got
something for $559 first cop of the day
fear of God packs on backpack and the
shoes are raffle so we get to enter a
raffle and then they let us know in like
two weeks whether or not we want so and
then the frenzy app just dropped the
merry call me I couldn't get through but
I'm it got one so he came through and
got that that was pretty clutch but
there's gonna be like just random drops
through that app and throughout the
whole day like that just like random
times there's like timers actually and
then like you could cop like exclusive
stuff through the frenzied app which is
super super dope they got the big baller
brand sneaker right here they're lighter
than I thought
I've met a lot of people who consider
themselves the plug but this man right
here today he's the real plug don't act
like I ain't been that guy it was good
yo man come protect family came through
absolutely should we show him what we
show what we got someone what you get
show him what I got yo he pulled some
strings and he got these for me it's my
gift of cars it's my gift no no no I got
it I got it
are you sure oh my god I'm out I don't
want no money you sure your money's not
good my man thank you bro I got it thank
you brother appreciate you man the boy
may you're gone it's what I do see I
told you I'm motherfuckers I'm a real
guy I'll play that shit merry early
Christmas thank you brother appreciate
you man yo man I was not expecting that
mayor told I told mayor when I saw him
earlier if he could help me because he
got the plugs but LaBianca say something
yeah I got you I got you know I rarely
people actually come through
yeah man crazy he came through Andy not
all eatin them you pay for these bro
you want to be mad yo me to tell you
what it is no no tell me don't say
Travis don't talk to me how to stop I'm
not looking I'm not looking in his bag
that's how much if I might I'm not
looking me in this bag hopefully nobody
understands another oh wow these are so
late
you flip them out yeah
Travis Scott Air Force Ones velcro suit
switch it off
you like what you see my man and it's
got a little grill right here look at
the grill yeah so clean shot the mayor
man this man claims that he's gonna
paint the whole complex Kanta 'funny hey
guys it's been a minute how you been
I've been good man yeah I miss you guys
yeah I know I miss you too let's just
say my bay area brother are you doing so
the section of complex calling that I'm
gonna be taking you to now is actually
powered by Shopify it's called Shopify
row and it's got some dope stores in
there so I'm going to show you guys in
there right now and kind of just show
you the dope stores and all that good
stuff so let's go see what they got all
right guys we've got to go take a look
at all the Shopify stores over here
right here we got what is this I like
this
this one a super dope
pleasures daily papers I heard of daily
papers before because they did the
collab with sandal boys you know I walk
heavy with sandal boys and this is their
story I know they're based out of I
think they're based out of Amsterdam I
could be wrong but they got some fire
this is actually hard
crew TV yeah he gave me the collab you
guys yeah he's working there and then
we're gonna drop in the International
barely who go nuts
this is places and faces right here I
don't know they have a curtain so I
don't know if like private but their
jackets right there looks sick
I am John Cawood 143 m
and places and faces
ignored prayers they got the old-school
TVs they say they playing my videos
alright guys so that was pretty much our
pyro it's super super packed so it's
kind of hard to like log in here but you
got an idea of some of the stores that
they have so yes now let's keep pushing
and check out the rest of the convention
I think I told you guys earlier we were
trying to buy stuff off the frenzy off
the frenzy app um it was successful I
didn't have internet connection because
the Wi-Fi here is really bought bad but
this is the frenzy booth and today and
tomorrow they're just dropping exclusive
products through that app so you don't
have to wait in line or anything like
that makes it super super convenient so
if you guys want to download frenzy app
link it's in the description box down
below
I was live bro
that's how you out go okay
I got another one too hey they're not
ready for that commercial though mine
comes out like in three weeks
yo shout-out to friend got the sander
boy joints which one did I get that one
yeah you got the black it's a really
release they come out later on this
month but here we got in that complex
box
I was wearing the orange ones earlier
today yeah I was stunting them until I
started walking around more but I'm
tired man we've been running around all
day and it's been like there's a lot of
homies here but we barely been seeing
each other we just ran into Jake up in
banks their personal combos right now
you know I'm saying I feel like Jacob
spent like 50 racks how much racks did
you spend
how many racks did you spend
I spent like a solid actually you know
vodka like hooked up we didn't like
Parmenter you care
I got to go host the adidas raffle all
right we going to beat this boot now bro
let's get it started
I'm waiting for my parent come in the
mail and should have seen it you with
these instead for tonight I won aware of
so bad
you know how they said shipping November
when the iPhone right doesn't actually
happen my actually came from the
Republican side coordinates
yeah I don't know some random wow these
are nice I've been like tweeting every
week like where is it with her sit Oh
guys the easy waverunners 700 you can
see the boost on the bottom a lot i
didn't think these had boost when we
first saw it and they're giving to get
four pairs away they just added it to
the raffle to size 11s and then to size
seven
there's like a whole bunch of other
stuff that they're giving away like I
showed you like all the human racers I
got my cue cards right here so I can
read off of these and oh yeah
perfect we can open these on camera
all right so 150 Rises 150 of these
Oh
all right so this is what I get to wear
now EQ tees exclusive for complex pond
because everybody is so hyped on the
staff human racers I think tomorrow
these are gonna a lot of people that are
trying to pick either culture the extra
insult or one blue one green that's
pretty dope these are clean it's the
hall
the way
thrown these on right now alright guys
so I got my adidas fit on robot to start
the raffle right now all the people are
coming in let me show you guys a quick
glance of the products now cuz I have
them like in hand this is the very ultra
rare bra you see the red tab you know
what it is ultra rare any Rd just for
the band I can't be holding these too
high because the people behind me can
see right here the teal joints look at
that
oh my god the pink joints we've seen
those before
look they priority showed you the
waverunners autograph jumpsuit by
n.e.r.d.s de maid just like some watches
without the watches like crazy man some
people are gonna come up i think this is
gonna be the biggest come up
super-rare only like four pairs that
those are made as we got the balls
rolling right here
so I'm gonna put the camera away I'm not
gonna be vlogging right now but if
you're here you're here you get to be
part of this and I'm excited thank you
adidas for having me this is like
next-level like I feel like I'm part of
complex console yeah man this is dope
I'll see you guys after the raffle all
right guys so we just got done with the
raffle honestly
that was a hell of fun I had a hell of
fun doing it I didn't want it to end
shoutout to adidas for giving me that
opportunity to be a part of complex con
not just like like brother like hosting
the raffle was amazing giving away crazy
she leave Cuba seeing the people's
reactions when they won these rare ass
shoes was priceless and then seeing
people's heartbreak like it sucked but
like you know that's part of it but it
was it was really really fun so now I
got to figure out what's going on man
cuz like we're down to the last like two
hours a day one I still don't know if
I'm coming tomorrow for day two I was
supposed to go to the Bay Area but I
think I might cancel that and stay for
day two
so we'll see what happened but I'm
trying to find like hot men in them
alright guys so finally back at the
apartment after a long day at complex
con overall day one it was actually
really fun it was very long it was a
very long day I actually got a lot of
good stuff it was a lot of long lines
which a lot of people were frustrated
about but you just have to plot and
manage your time correctly it's like
Disneyland you know I'm saying is like
you can get on only so many rides cuz
you got to wait in line for a long time
so you just got to know how to manage
your way and make connections and meet
people and network you know I'm saying
but anyway let me show you guys my
pickups I'm not sure if I'm gonna go
tomorrow but most likely we're gonna
pull up tomorrow these are in no
particular order I already showed you
guys this the eqt complex con exclusive
these are actually kind of slept on I
know it just looks like a regular all ye
QT but if you lift up the tone right
here it says made for LA you know since
I was invited by Shopify they also gave
me their card reader I actually got one
fire kicks got one but this is a chip
and swipe reader Wireless you know I'm
saying so you can use like if you have a
pop-up and you want accept cards this is
the perfect way to go Merrick Park did
the collab air freshener with the sold
fragment Air Jordan one collab so it
says air freshener right here the other
pair of sandals sandals dandy smell nice
all-black very very nice and then you
got the nice little striped white and
gold very very clean kind of matches the
Jordans I came out as well so PacSun
bjergaard backpack optimist trying to
sell his I might actually use this
tomorrow look how flat it looks oh my
god crazy how Gerry Lorenzo it was just
like walking around bait this was my
last pickup of the day always going on
Melrose I always stopping bait always
friendly people working they're super
sick packaging bait bear break honestly
I didn't even look at this
you just told me that that Jacob in
Harrison and in banks bought when I was
like alright take me and then I I told
him to give me one I'd even look at it I
mean it was gold when I saw that it was
gold I was like say no more this is sick
this is one play 250 no way this is sick
gold and then it's got like the writing
on the front babe barn thing on the bag
I think people are gonna get mad that I
bought another before I bought one of
these I was obviously Jordan man gave me
one and then I had the opportunity to
buy another one so I went in there
hoping to buy Mena a pair a size 7 but
unfortunately didn't make the size 7 so
size 8 was the next size up too big for
her so I bought I bought myself another
pair people are trying to spread rumor
saying that all these are gonna be
produced next year don't don't fall for
the hype like I don't know where these
people get their information ok my
camera died so I'm not gonna get too
much into it but basically I personally
don't think that these are gonna release
again just from what I talked to Jordan
Brand about this and maybe will maybe it
won't but if you want it cop it now
don't wait on it because you might
regret it so yeah so I got a second pair
I don't know if I'm gonna keep these or
not maybe I'll use them as trade bait
but people were selling these for like a
thousand dollars so they were buying
them for retail price 160 doubled up on
those maybe I'll use them as trade me
something get something good in the
future I've been smart with my purchases
last but not least definitely not least
my favorite pick up so far you shout out
to mayor very very like I I really
really appreciate him like getting me
these hooking me up with these like you
didn't have to do it like Brad like I
was so happy I got these like I know
that a lot of people went after the bid
dawn sees and the off-white Air Force
Ones but I was like I love Travis Scott
and I think he did a crazy job on these
all white canvas Air Force One gum
freaking bottom view
the lining is like an off-white color
way on the tongue you've got a cactus
jack logo and then you've got the
upside-down Nike tag upside down Nike
logo kind of like an off-white action I
think that's 3m to be honest - I think
that's 3m and then the main and then you
got a grill lace accessory right here a
grill you got that on both of them this
one you've got like a sad face on the
tongue and you can actually take these
off too so if you don't want to put that
on there because a lot of people don't
really like that best part this is the
swoosh panel so basically you could take
the swooshes off here basic Travis Scott
branding he always does stuff like that
but basically take the sous-chef up here
you just switch it to any one you want
so yeah you could do that one I don't
like this well to be honest with you I
don't like this
this one right here do it like the way
Travis Scott did do two of them Travis
Scott did that like in a cartoon and you
could do that on all of the sides fully
customizable killed it there was fight
Oh undefeated undefeated got shut down
because of a fight I guess they broke
the window of the little pop-up so yeah
pretty satisfied with my day one pickups
probably not gonna pick as much up
tomorrow
and now we are ending the vlog for vlog
one of complex cons to day adventure
don't forget even though we are talking
about complex Cohn sneaker con is next
weekend in Vegas day two of complex con
is tomorrow it should be interesting and
if you did enjoy today's make sure you
guys hit that thumbs up I'm gonna try to
convince Jo liPuma to take me sneaker
shopping tomorrow so we'll see if he
doesn't oh by the way I don't I still
don't know where the hell my iPhone is
so yeah I forgot to call alright bye
