the easy line right now that's it so he
wants some Yeezys probably the youngest
person only youngest person probably too
many easiest in this line it's
ridiculous but we're getting her spins
and then we have to come back at 10 a.m.
I guess to buy the shoes so that's good
you're excited again keep on beautiful
there you go picture so I went home
changed got fresh and I got to go back
in line I have 20 minutes until they
start selling the pair's so here we got
yeah can I please say my piece got fresh
to death then now I'm just ceased I'm
gonna take a page out of Harris's book
and dj khaled another one I got so lucky
baby and I got my size and I'm gonna
throw these motherfuckers all right now
right now we going to Disneyland boy a
lot of people probably think like I
don't deserve whatever and I just got
lucky honestly I really got lucky with
this pair this is the first Easy's that
I bought from retail by the way which is
amazing all right here we go let's look
at these babies for the first time
honestly I don't even know what the real
color of these is because I feel like
images like some pictures the lighting
is weird or whatever I originally
thought they were a beige freakin moon
rocks this is how you start off a 300
log with some yeah it's only right that
I get these on the 300th log because
like 90% of the vlogs that I've posted
have been have had easy in the title but
Wow look at that toe it's kind of like a
Peter Pan toe on this pair I don't know
why but man I need baby even right now I
can't tell what the real color is like
it's a gray but then it's like a very
light light like I don't know man
I really I like I'm I'm gonna wear them
I'm aware of today baby
try
already are all red D behalf ladies and
gentlemen the special guests that we
have been hyping up for two weeks now
the one the only world heavyweight
champion it's without you my friend he's
away how you been found good shout out
to Harris said he made the vlog footage
from his phone
expect more take more goodies I'm
learning as I'm going so are you going
gives your line act snacks okay it was
some slack Misha I'm hungry
what's your opinion of these event I
like a lot
what you gonna damn r2d2 as you guys can
tell you probably know what we're going
since we've been hyping it up so long
but let's just pretend that the ears
don't know we're gonna do something
right now
hey Harris what are we gonna do today I
don't know you know what
well yeah yeah hey here's what are we
gonna do today I don't know you know
what what I think I have an idea today
Disneyland
300 blog from Disneyland here we go
better get turnt I don't think that's
proper thing to say it Disneyland wit
here we go this our first time going to
Disney together we've been talking about
this for like 10 years now so finally
we're making
and everyone's still looking at us like
we're a couple we might as well babe but
ain't heard about that actually
so our first time about to go on is
Tower of Terror unfortunately they don't
have any bullshit yeah why were you so
bad we better go in Tower of Terror
right now
so this is my favorite we're going on
screaming California what this is his
favorite right so guys went on to ride
so far I've already lost my voice
low-key something little key robots
actually we're not gonna eat here we're
gonna actually go and eat Benihana which
is like eight minutes away because we
try to go all out for the 300th blog and
and then we're gonna come back tonight
because we have so midnight here pretty
much to do whatever we want
we're super-excited
and yeah so that's that it's been a long
day without you my friend
it's good here's his first time at
Benihana oh my gosh
hi guys so we just went in grub we're
all full reenergized about to hit
Disneyland we haven't even gotten into
Disneyland yet so we're about to go to
Space Mountain first and then what
Harris Harris you having fun so this is
your first time yes sir
Keira little mattresses first-timer
what's up guys let's go take a lap
around here bitch I want my damn ATM
card yeah there's a lot of people here
so it's gonna be kind of scary I heard
about that actually oh you're right
there
sorry so mom this is the Disney Store
and have sweaters and stuff in here
there's a cool little sweater right
there
what's up man okay yes I have fun
Disney pick up fares take on it monthly
pickups returning you already know today
shout out the boy hkg to China this is
not a really
and as you saw from this last clip yes
I'm vlogging you wanna be on my blog but
gosh I put your name just cut Jessica's
helping us I wanted a busy start alright
here we go
grant it to my employee are two
strictly Star Wars for down right there
I don't think it's a good hat Loki
that's a pretty cool payment all my
change is gonna go towards it
that's so cool
there's got a massive erection right now
is that like temporary means you just
have extreme that's the cutest little
guy I think you can I just look waiting
for BAE twinsies goals it's only right
that we got the moon rocks on in space
you feel me
all right here found moon rock all right
so we just went on hyperspace mountain
they switched it up a little bit it was
pretty cool you feel me they uh it's a
little more lighting in there so you can
actually see the manual and all that
stuff which kind of sucks but they added
some soap elements oh they don't show
you your pictures anymore
that's why
oh yeah I was still cool though so all
to the next one we've got all types of
beautiful vibes brought to Disneyland
world ladies of in balloon cities over
here and then to our right we have the
beautiful
Cinderella's castle fun fact Eris the
Cinderella Castle was actually not a
castle but Cinderella's so we gonna edit
that out
no okay I'm I'm gonna delete all this
footage okay listen bro your I hate bees
really seeing a picture by my friend can
you pose right there yes sir
there we go perfect there you go thank
you
big so much thank you
so I'm walking and I hear how you been
fab is my man carnies go check them out
man let's take your channel out right
now Thank You boss
all of a sudden were in Lake Tahoe look
at the thing is frozen I'm really the
first day I break out my easy that I'm
stepping into snow right now I'm a
savage man look at this a lot of people
don't even know this this frozen area
exists and it went in my shoe
what if I know what if one just went
what budget watching what was it would
you
okay so every time I come to Disneyland
I buy a viola mation so I just bought
two how about the unboxing it we've got
the Marvel one and we got the Pixar one
so they have the kid from up and then on
this one the one that I really want is
either the she-hulk or Iron Man or the
mystery character so let's go ahead and
open it
my Christmas all
they open the shit
and we got ours I was just a bonus
character I got the bonus one in what
one one Ella
who is this though Oh
yeah man I got a regular character all
right here we go
oh dude from Finding Nemo shock fish are
friends not few you know you got it
there you go you got it there you go
hey don't go short now oh man we are
both dead tired look at this guy's
walking
long day at Disney we're finally back in
LA by the hit of I hop because we don't
know
I'm so tired I'm just like dead
I think I'm literally like about just I
just need to get some food on my system
and then I'm collapsing in bed are y'all
so first time what am I saying
they said it's 322 a.m. I'm dead tired
what a time to be alive we just finished
all this food that we got some special
guests we got some special guests back
up in the building it's the car crasher
and I heard about those makeup artists
going to Disneyland with the universal
t-shirt on oh it's a Back to the Future
shirt that you should do with Universal
batting versatile estudios okay but you
see Universal mags no bones you have ya
know wearing them today I will network
your DC Shoes
oh yeah actually I totally can end the
vlog here I think we're going one other
place after this right yes I'm surprised
so we'll see you guys you guys so last
stop of the night to end the vlog we
come into the beautiful LACMA light city
it's going to take a little turn up my
butt is like broken I don't know what
happened but my butt is like broken oh
yeah this is it's like 3 a.m. but we
still here I don't know what we're doing
oh no that's the Balmain hmmm
collaborator at least put some 5 pillars
on fam Oh
also here is doing photo shoot me know
my camera is about to die
hi guys hope you guys enjoy oh no we
gotta do a cigars outro okay alright I
did I talk about myself because he
wasn't too busy but anyway I want to
thank you guys for watching vlog number
300 I appreciate everybody who has
watched every single vlog since number
one we got another 300 coming at you
guys more I'm so tired what I'm saying
right now Harris in the background
Harris you got anything to say for the
end of the vlog at 300 I'm always in a
photo shoot okay anyway thank you guys
for watching big thumbs up for hit net
for us getting to this 300 vlog we would
greatly appreciate it I'm again on what
I'm saying right now gosh any last words
fab he's cold no 300 he heard about to
have a good day have a great Sunday and
we'll see you tomorrow Oh a magic that
shiver roofs I'll chilling y'all down
through these
