good freaking morning let's get in this
car so the time is currently 7 12 a.m. I
was supposed to wake at 5:30 a.m. to go
to the new Jordan flight store that's
opening cuz they got these exclusive Air
Jordan ones
yes my priorities are all effed up for
the people wondering but uh I did my
editing last night so my vlog is
uploading I'm recording a new vlog in my
that's that new JB
alright guys I'll see you at Santa
Monica suppose that all right guys let's
see what type of line were messing with
here in Santa Monica beautiful Santa
Monica I know there's gonna be a lot of
people but there were short notice on
this store opening so I feel like that
can affect a lot of people going to work
and stuff like that
low-key honestly I don't even know where
the damn store is so I see the line but
I don't know where the frickin stores at
let's see how long this thing is oh yeah
we finally at the front of the line two
hours later top of the home
you know we had some cutters but it's
all good believe me to get some shoes
and it's freaking hot right now
what do you get a cop that UNC's LA's
and room fixes hi guys so we're getting
wristbands I don't know why when I'm two
people away hopefully it's something
good if it's something bad will be
crapped up okay we have to pull the
sticks yeah
why so the wristband is for tomorrow for
the six yeah and this is going to get
your place in life okay so you guys are
this is the line for the sixes for
tomorrow I'm not I'm not gonna cock the
one so I guess we're going in now
so they have the sixes but they're not
allowed to sell it to us even though
they sold it to the first hundred people
first all good I'd even want those that
much thank you
so we about to walk in right now freakin
time on YouTube it's about the
experience I got you know limited
edition starts right limited edition a
lot
let me tell you somebody served on all
the people our garden is us in Chicago
this is hell cover their bone let me get
the shoes for someone take my turn I got
the UNC to your honor if I forget the UN
fees
i'ma try on these ones right now so we
got the shoes guys I got the Air Jordan
once the review was gonna be up already
on crew kick so I was I'm a rush home
right now and go film it edit it post it
for you guys now I'm about to dip I need
to breakfast I'm go save up to one of my
homegirls right here that works at the
stores and
I'm dead tired but we got a hustle today
so I'm gonna show you um well I'm not
gonna show you a preview of the show but
you wanna see the full review of the
shoe you got to go to the crew kicks
channel right all right guys I'm Matt
Paxton right now about to get swagged
out with my personal stylist she doesn't
want to be in the vlog but it's all good
okay let's see so we're gonna try on a
few things and then uh yeah wait you
don't have this in my size small small
medium let me try on medium
I'm not that people don't even want to
see you they want to see and they're
kidding they love when girls come on
all the thirsty guys comment
so basically I rushed all the game these
are the shoes that I waited for if you
guys want to watch the full detailed
review on my freakin crew kicks channel
go and do that even though it's a fast I
just rushed the crap out of it cuz
everyone's waiting on me and I needed to
get this video up ASAP because it is LA
it is LA and we in LA you know I'm
saying Russian so everyone's waiting for
me I gotta go I'm gonna shower change
head out photoshoot prank government and
bam all right guys so I just rushed over
here to meet up with the squad goals I'm
not gonna show them all vlog so fire
kicked in the building we saw it would
obviate engine Elevens there's a long
day
and guys I just got an email which I
started screaming lucky ass bro I do I
like it ceases easy seasons approach it
baby
I don't know how it's possible yeah
something usually second oh god no I
won't use these at parties I'm not being
the party I'm gonna buy them and
literally I will put them on right out
of the store and I'm going to Disneyland
right after I'm so I'm wearing them to
Disneyland guys if you guys care okay
fire kick exclusive Pam what are your
thoughts on the easy moon rocks well the
moon is a very bad name for me because
I've at one time back in the day when
fire cakes first started I got the Kobe
Moon the walkers and let's just say I
lost some money in that how many phases
you by about four pairs I was able to
sell one return to one I'm gonna
actually sold one yeah so I'm summarized
hey can you pop the trunk famish this
guy more box water fast
oh shit look at that tide I though that
I die don't shout out to fire pillars
you know I'm saying just what is this
shirt this one say where is this guy
yesterday that's what I want to know
colors of the world where were you at
yesterday family yesterday oig beauties
till 9:00 and in German then we're too
cool for us or Oh guys check
oh that's so close anyway guys so we're
about to shoot right now we've got some
merch right here this is just a few of
the pieces we're going to be taking to
the roof check out these new tags though
oh my bad my bad five pillars oh yeah
look at those tags and then we got the
five pillar mobile right here actually
that's okay you open the door we're
gonna open the door hey you look at the
door and closer now it's open yeah let's
go take a pictures opening I mean it
opened right around our ari
I think my robbed my Lamborghini
family's upgraded so you guys you better
get an exclusive look at what causes a
bachelor pad
yes nice deep 60 the second guys you
know folks that duration
damn dude this is fucking crazy view all
right Devin we came the other day yeah
alright guys so I finally got the five
pillars on check it out long-sleeve this
is amazing
I really like this shirt I'm not just
trying to kiss but it really is though
quality rough look at this next level
look how thick this print is wait a
minute I know you gotta have the gold
chain plug it out to you know just a
little bit just a little bit
okay so we're climbing
execute monetary power there everyone's
in on it but him hopefully hopefully
yeah I don't know why me because it's a
bike we're so high up dude why does it
work like it comes in the Sun this
morning nothing just artistic Ambrose
damn y'all leave this freaking view this
is beautiful you guys actually saw me do
this view at nighttime but look at this
beautiful view in the daytime I present
to you Los Angeles California
whoa oh man we got to get to work now
shooting yeah let's get to shooting it's
like there's like a level like look yeah
a levels to this no fan no call hi we
are
I don't know there's like some shit yeah
you may give us laxatives bro yeah you
taking pictures of us right now photo
shoot boys what's go to a fire kick
screw TV which I gotta say oh the boxer
one the boxer one yeah hey uh you got
some you Z's right you got some sample
unreleased hey you Oh imagine that shit
fuck
rooftop chilling y'all dance through
these
what if it just lands in someone's hands
lucky how did you pick thumb down
clickbait throwing easy look you throw
there like none like what about dude why
does this one here always feel like it
has to come out here man that shit's or
no
anyway we're leaving now because we got
kicked off the roof but we got some good
shots so shout out to the rooftop gods
shout out to the prank
I know lucky that blood right there so
now we wrap it over this one are we
gonna do another shoot on the street
yeah why'd you guys we about to switch
to the second fit right now so I gotta
open this channel from the solo but I'm
gonna be you're gonna send it to us
already anyway oh yeah yeah this is the
second fit on my today but I'm gonna
layer it with this green jacket so I got
this from London Topshop people always
ask me - so I won the easies as you guys
know and guess who else just got the
confirmation email and I wanted to use
these to size a weight and size nine and
a half
well I don't know what size I'm getting
actually but those are the two
confirmation emails we win and right now
I really don't even know what size i'm
getting yet because i'm number 45 in
line tomorrow and then at 7:30 they're
gonna start i guess probably like at
8:00 they're gonna start selling them
and whatever size they have by the time
i get it
just tell me the way you're right
how far is it yeah put it in three balls
away three miles is like a 40 minute
ride no it's not them sorry guys so we
are in the uber right now but you go get
some food the uber do that is actually
put in son hey Bert
excuse me we're driving yes sir yes are
you taking us sushi you are sushi
you want to come with us I come I come
wait a minute that's the makeup dude I
never guys it's a prank
uber prank clickbait uber prank gone
wrong hella clickbait in this day
alright alright guys we just did another
prank the restaurant drop off prank gone
wrong we got the same guy go oh shit
this guy's every time I see let's go get
pizza this guy has a problem well you
gotta follow me I swear let's get the
car he knows right now do you act like
you just moved on la what now come on
tire shop what's this time Shawn wait
til he pulls over that boys out yeah we
should probably get out the car kamalii
tamales de rusha to mother only
what are you gonna do that's just what I
want to know fat what are you gonna do
this cuz you got Easy's on with this
look like huh but this is like mr. break
there's a camera right now
oh hey we just got praying it's a camera
right now charge the camera
damn brother John brother John pray this
dude took a video of it oh it's like
there's white people in there so it's
it's nice go dude
uber uber Yoruba uber uber uber is here
huh oh we're waiting for our uber this
is the one huh
it's October but nobody close oh okay
wrong one then have a good one uber
prank you guys know but that was a legit
prank gone wrong guy is confused
uber OOP nice guys okay he's gonna shoot
me though I'm done man I don't know
what's wrong if you do I got her stuff -
yeah dude
okay I'm telling you there was something
in that rooftop air - atmosphere the
vibe is off all right guys so we finally
got you guys we went over check this out
Charlie rules would you get whatever
sushi guy are you
I love to cook again for some reason we
have changed locations like 40 times
tonight we really don't know what the
hell were doing but guess where we're at
the pink wall still doing some photos
for the photo shoot a 20
more I'd like a million thumbnails in
the oke Oke IKEA loo a savage event so
the people want to know the people want
to know how big is your shoes oh my shoe
size guys I am let's just say no swagger
data is that alright guys so we just
left our first cafe earth cafe
show me fit though real quick oh yeah
can I show the fit like a look i just
want i think nobody saw it though did
they see it I don't think alright let's
just go for then look at the beautiful
face at the top damn you got that oh
five Percy that olive band what the easy
look at that fit though mm hey 360 g3
6507 2000 a was go hey Lucy someone's
gotta hold it the camera so the camera I
think that there you go alright guys so
we're wrapping it up you know I took a
Hoover home
we live on that side of town everybody
else that's out of town we got a special
guest coming for tomorrow's vlog so just
wait on it
I'm so excited the morning don't even
worry that we're up to definitely we're
up to Disney idea well if I get my size
out my size of meeting but I have a
guaranteed pair
yeah that's it we'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah making it making it
council your address it saved it
hi guys we'll see you guys tomorrow have
a good time great weekend everyone stay
safe no point I'm out of here
you
