good morning food TV it's almost 6
o'clock in the morning right now I'm on
the way to my brother to boot camp this
is the fourth day in a row so far for me
so trying to get into shape I lost 10
pounds so far
scales being really generous to me I'm
just waiting for the results to start
kicking it but I got a long way to go
only four days and but I've been
somewhat dieting for a while so I'm
gonna take you guys along with me let's
see how it goes I'm gonna be running a
little bit late as always but hey I'm up
I'm going Oh guys are all having a great
day that awkward moment when you don't
know how to start a video every single
time but you've done this a million
freaking times pause oh I was never
recording in the first place my life
just wrapped up the workout it's too
early I gotta get ready for the work
they know we got out here today we're
the last minute standing shots kill Kim
owner/operator transcend finish let him
know about let me know a little
something about transcends well some
some I wake up every day at 4:00 in the
 morning that's a little song
saying I'm too tired to do this I'm too
tired of that 4:00 in the morning Monday
through Saturday 200 killers so don't be
lazy you know what you gotta make chase
your dreams we are finished and finally
done filming gotta go inside and start
editing so let's go ahead and get it
wide us is gonna be coming over in like
about two hours and then we're gonna
head over to undefeated cuz we got to
enter the raffle for the easies so that
should be pretty interesting I'm hungry
but we ain't got time to eat right now
cuz I gotta go put in work and I gotta
go edit so so let's go do that
so we're in the but right now about a go
to undefeated and enter a that lighting
though dead we're about to enter the
raffle for the easies so hopefully we
can win one of us man the question is if
you win are you gonna keep them we're
gonna sell them cuz I know you've been
wondering if I would with these I would
try and see if I can get that turtle
doves the gray ones oh really yeah like
those more I like those work shout try
and get hey you know I'm like either now
keep it or I'll try and get different
okay show me
so you can also sell them make the money
and then buy the other one
oh that's true too yeah so I think I
think that the great ones are getting
parties are no these bodies are stupid
ones easily the only places that are
getting these are the places that got
the easy season ones you're right
because you had to when it comes to like
secret tapes and stuff yeah yeah when it
comes to the boutiques and stuff they
have to your buy it for like the more
exclusive - yeah right so you'll be for
your at the end of the day you might be
able to even profit off and I might even
wait to the white ones come out then the
white ones are gonna be I don't know
what their I think December but but yeah
we'll see you rather have the white ones
either white or gray to be honest okay
out of all on and off for white black
black pirate brackets haha she I don't
know about the fire blacksmith I love
like it's if the like this I can't mess
it bottoms in are black really you know
I can't match the bottoms I feel the
same way about white shoes really but I
really love this off-white color though
just like you know me I'm like I'm
selling is I have an opportunity easy
I'm gonna wear them the first day
probably if I get up Saturday I'm gonna
wear them it isn't it
I know Sudan do you know special guest
is coming to town they don't know who it
is I know it is oh damn they are they
ready thing they'll do their a special
guest we're going to see you guys that
undefeated uber Mehmood
mhm Oh even your brother share code no
know what's he's not you should see the
advertisement okay plug a shot to look
alright guys so we just got here dude
look at this freaking line right here
this is insane hello people doing this
is the line everyone's bugging us right
now everyone is super
mad and they look like they want to
shoot us are you gonna get on the LA
story oh I should get out at least do it
right now oh why do you ask those people
guys so we got some people over
this is the guy that doesn't know what
to do whoa no they know they don't him
by the guy who put makeup on in the one
I don't make up today but you don't
think you still look pretty
who are you Street there used to be in
the capacitor you sir hey that pink hat
is made by him but this guy Rex I don't
know what lady talking today a little
other boys boys also my voice burns my
other boys breath so won't keep him to
me and then they're like oh you're the
guy who got his makeup done right no way
that's crazy
oh hey they have vintage a VW shirts in
here about the governor
I'm about to go in here after
so we're inside undefeated right now
we'll though abandon one it's empty spot
to enter the raffle right now so
shout out to the people that let us cut
want to know you balanced and get on the
Carnegie's the
oh it is babe baby engine is a baby
we officially in to watch us yeah it's
over there's no more spots
I'm skidding good it killed me so you
guys witnesses cut in line so shout out
to the homies that let us get in line
with them because I was good to the
homies but look at this line is still
long and they only have until 5 o'clock
is currently 4 o'clock this jaywalking
right now Davis isn't a junior what a
little girl bro
we're jaywalking man it's his la that's
like going to New York and say hey I'm
not gonna cross the crosswalk cuz it
says don't walk you know what I'm sayin
like why'd you ask then why'd you push
or like it so we're about to go into the
defeated
shout out to run our test dad to the
homies that he watches it what do you
watch the vlogs our crew kids there on
the wall okay thank you for appreciating
alright guys so we're gonna go eat now
and we haven't decided but sushi has
been suggested these guys are over here
talking business
what's the hell you guys doing a
life-size cage I don't know this print
this story here's like a vintage place
where they just have random oh wow
it looks like applet honestly don't even
worry brother like that man oh you have
magic what it's always like hey hey I
know Loki chanting appreciate em get on
your whip crazy the weekend no no that
way we've game proper yeah do dab no
these are all stores are here
each ones is on Robertson but what she
heard about that one actually I heard
about that one too
they actually having right here but I'm
in West Hollywood
oh really found that was very
happy we're about to actually eat at
Chipotle right now I know there's a
Chipotle scare but Yolo you know what
I'm saying
maybe this will be my last
anyway
let's get ourselves yeah thank you but
although
look at this beautiful setup we have
guys
Chipotle mandate la streets and diesel
jeans you so much alright guys so we
just wrapped up to pull a low-key
business meeting not really but today
ladies grubbing just wanna make sure man
she missed her fun right I heard about
that actually they're like filming a
movie back here about gangs and stuff I
don't know where they went
alright guys next up for the easy hunt
opening ceremony nobody shot at tonight
peace in the world
boom a lot of hype you shot two - or you
know some proud hype yo two other people
do other people call my high priest man
I messed with y'all - what are we going
to someone's backyard like Loki what is
this there for sure not gonna let
me film in here so alright no cameras
right walk right when I walk hi guys so
we came to Fairfax right now I don't
know why why are we here
so we got our shoot tomorrow and I want
to make sure you know I'm saying all my
boys look fresh
so we Dano I guess we're getting
haircuts because we're gonna do five
fillers photo shoot tomorrow so
yeah alright guys so we're here legend
barbershop chat to the homie he's the
barber was good people come visit him
well we don't know he's gonna go to work
right now so we're gonna see what he can
do but you're the second person to cut
me since I moved to LA three weeks three
weeks yeah are you still in LA baby but
it's cool 24 years in LA 20 years as a
barber 16 years as an owner hopefully I
do my banner right here I'm saying I'm
pretty confident my skills but it's all
about what he said yeah I think I'm
pretty sure we'll be coming back so yeah
we're just doing a quick cleanup for
tomorrow shoot so we should be good
shown the beard game
the ATM games
you got cut - I know I'm into the man
bun fan
government right here
and I have everybody in a gulag ability
so we just got the cut just cleaned it
up a little bit then you can get lined
up and do that tomorrow morning
the back it looks good shout out to the
home you did a great job right here
legends barbershop but check out this
basketball hoop I don't know if you guys
can see random basketball hoop just
chillin right there what the hell is
that
alright guys now for some reason we are
at the Grove and here's the big deal
guys Jamie's album drops in two hours so
this is the official countdown party had
to grow for two out
so we came to turn up you're free
yeah I literally say I'm at the Grove
every other boy you live here basically
I basically live here's the Grove want
to like cheese cheese cake or like food
cheesecake I'm full I'm down I'm down if
everyone's down but I looking strong
like an Oreo milkshake oh so he's trying
to be a saver oh oh
I should feel now that you've got like
got rid of everything lucio or you're
used to another no-show them the qiraji
okay oh yeah check it out guys
we're ready for the photo shoot fresh
tomorrow right now maybe you know some
yg yg West Wednesday is coming soon
hey cloud crew cakes what are those men
oh we're gonna do what are those with
all three of them tomorrow
DJ pretty much a mission belt dude
especially my brother bro fire kick yeah
fire key to the old average man whew 11
people he was cute when he said that
when he said ovo 11 I was like he's
joking and he kept saying it I thought
it was a joke no I'm Haley cuz you're in
a group message and he's like guys
weren't you correct and he counted the
we've gotta go it's a bleak I'm done
this guy's I thought I could make you
yeah you won so go get his made that's
why he low-key that's why he wanted to
come to the Grove again he's thinking
about he's thinking about starting a
men's makeup channel so you know leave
some compromise a smooth
right here right here right here who are
you wearing what are you wearing what
what are they heard about this yeah five
pillars let me see this is Sam oh I got
a do that bro
guys the dream is in front of me right
now the dream is in front of me
look at this
this is if you guys watch the vlogs you
guys know this is the goal within a year
and a half and they're gonna I'm gonna
sit in it right now should I sit in it I
should wait what do you think that we
sit in the panel a year and a half one
year one year one year so do you think
if I sit in it they'll give me more
motivation or you know every youtuber
does they take a picture video in front
of the car like this like they just
bought it I can't see how
brah this is amazing
Snoopy look this is the same as my car
like exactly but it's just it's it's a
supercar boom
this is supercar gee
I heard about that actually guys guys go
follow snapchat hey what's up that's it
I know right as you guys can see the
Grove is getting decked out and
Christmas attire
why do you guys yes sir us do you were
talking about in the barber shop we're
like if you actually met Drake what the
hell would you say to him because you
can go to him and say the same thing
everybody says all I would say no see
you have to say something memorable
remember what just remain told us that
he's actually huge you're not gonna say
that because I don't want them to say
the big guy obviously exactly what I
would do okay we're in the heat in the
moment of course it's like some things I
wanted to say or like oh yeah more
motivational like you know what
yeah you know what yeah right
but the end of the day I think one thing
I'll come down to is this yeah no you
don't say that's it I'm like Drake I'll
be like you know that's it like because
everyone he you know me times he hears
men a yo because of the music big fan
man like you checked like look how much
he impacted like you know I'm saying
 we do good things we say wait a day
that's it
you
all right guys we out here at milk bad
word bad word don't read if you're
reading this it's too late honestly so
we're about to get some dessert right
now I've never been here so we're gonna
see what the foot loke I kind of got
hungry in the last 10 minutes
so they got food here - oh no all right
guys so about to call it a day with
these guys so any final words until
tomorrow purpose purpose oh it's Oh shoo
sixty minutes ago I'm about to buy
purpose right now in a very straight way
you gonna buy the first he does make
album right first makeup then he says
easy been a belieber fan since baby
stages i love baby baby tomorrow i'm
about to get that purpose shoutout to
Apple music fan pop on Apple music you
ain't gotta pay for it no more wage free
Apple music is $9.99 a month first three
months free and then you need to get
every album right - how much are they
paying you to say that okay so why watch
us we'll see tomorrow is did that
handshake leaders practicing
that's down from working ready one two
all right so I just got home changed
about to go in a runabout to test out
these shoes that champs gave me these
freakin I don't even know how to
pronounce something you guys know that I
announced about the boner run
listen in to that new JP so initially I
was gonna go to the gym but I realized I
have really good parking so I don't want
to lose my parking so I'm just gonna go
for a nice little jog around the area
and bust out these new freaking shoes
and see if they're good and uh yeah man
so just remember and just know that the
world heavyweight champion is still is
on his mission to claim his championship
all right so don't think I forgot about
that cuz we're getting back in shape now
I've been said that in a minute but the
diet is gonna start tomorrow I think I'm
gonna sign up for like a meal prep thing
where they deliver meal preps to your
house so I don't have to deal with all
that cooking and trying to figure out
what I'm gonna eat bs I thought I had to
take it low-key but we good 30-minute
run well I can't lie it was a run and
walk mostly walk but it's my first day
man first day back in the cardio life
world champ bound life just wait on it
this cars like kind of runt me over
I had a dope Instagram caption today I
said got it was a picture of me tying up
the horses I walked today and I said you
know you gotta tie up the sneaks after
you step on the snakes man there's a lot
of snakes out there better watch your
back I'm just kidding
um but anyway man about to go shower up
I'm dead tired got a lot of editing to
do I've logged a lot today I changed a
lot I can't some people can't handle
success I can't what up guys so hope you
guys enjoyed today's floor and it was
kind of long which is a good thing right
as you guys can see finally I lined up
the beard got the fade going at the back
cleaned up
shout out to let you barber forgot the
legends barber forgot the dude's name
already anyway before I head out I've
opened this package I got shout out to
exile clothing they hooked me up with
some gear so we're gonna check out what
they sent me
check that out check them out right
there show up survive
first off exile you guys can see that ye
I need long-sleeve shirt this is super
dope honestly super simple I like the
back will go
super dope man I like that I like that a
lot
guys if I'm getting free clothes if I
don't like it I'll tell you okay most of
the time if I don't like it
I wouldn't even reply to the email or I
was or I would tell them straight up
like you I'm not gonna wear that but
when it's dope stuff like this yeah but
it tomorrow's gonna be a great vlog in a
long day and then the old wait a minute
dad's fire he's on the back oh yeah
there's something on the black that
exile logo this is straight oh I miss
with this tough man and you got the
Arabic writing at the bottom I don't
know if that says what does that say hey
guys it's a comment down below might say
exile I don't know break the shadow tags
up long-sleeve send me a hat man any one
of them hats I seen the website give me
a hand man I'm just kidding but know
that but anyway if I shout out to exile
hope you guys can hear me I'm talking
although you know it's late now so I
want to him but Yemen flight 23 store
I'm gonna go probably tomorrow morning
to Santa Monica to see her I can come on
board but that being said thank you guys
for watching I would appreciate a big
thumbs up for this one and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
that's it yeah got socked it's like my
sock
we're all not perfect so really it's
Boas Christmastime
