are you recording you take your picture
that's a God does it go sorry Z like the
shit that little MMA fighter we got a Oh
Yama sarovar swagga Diddy Yama Cameron
move cave John's brother south city and
we right here Jim courts right now
flambo we tied what's up crew TV family
sure boy hairs nice insert your stupid
little eyes hurt vlogging thing
bitch I want my damn ATM card yeah all
right you guys what's up man i just got
off work shouts crew TV man we're at
90,000 right now shots all 90,000 of you
guys shots everyone that watches daily
shots all love everything all the
comments really means a lot Thank you
Thank family and so I'd you got off work
right now I'm about to go head home it
just relax a little bit got a special
guest coming to modesto today so let's
see who it is hope you guys enjoy let's
try it has a fun today not make it
boring and here we go so I go on my
Twitter I go to my notifications I go
all the way up and hella people started
tweeting me we made it on complex again
sneakerheads tries to sell over your
Jordans under retail and no one bought
them so i clicked it yup I told you man
a sneakerhead tries to cells over your
Jordans on the retail up stupid ads so
basically this is the second time that
crew kicks has made it on complex if you
guys want to check out the article i
will link it down below it's super short
but they do post the video and super
dope man shout out to complex they show
so much love to the crew they even
linked the channel right here which is
freaking amazing damn and yeah man we
made it hung on complex or I promise you
guys has special guest for you all right
now I want you guys to guess who it is
in 3 2 2 111
oh are you going Jess aww oh don't go
what look at that man fine dude today's
what I say Wednesday Wednesday it's man
bun Monday though it's okay man bun
Monday the girl at Taco Bell was
checking me out yeah we already ate well
I have a needle ding okay good just as
right now whenever I'm ready Jessica's I
told you guys from fremont to modesto
modesto to fremont we don't play MF FM
radio d how you gonna fit what's this on
the call Oh yo what's good dream crew
family I'm super happy today what a way
to start out the day even though it is
late in the afternoon like my new hair
style is called the Skrillex no I'm just
kidding but anyway about to go eat man
I'm starving ah shoulda brought an
aspirin it goes my head hurts Paul I
think I have some in the car lunch so i
had to bring dustin to 1985 gallery he's
been asking me they had con something oh
he is he's gonna show you would he cop
you got riding in the back over there
taking care of us let's see we got ya
see you still undefeated we always on
the feet out here shout out to ryan
always taking care of this Oh a nice 85
tricky sick cards that he just made
that's like the RAM
that's badass so I had to bring Dustin
to Jessica mateusz room with adults this
is our second time here right last time
how do you know got sucked it's like my
sock we're not perfect so real oh it's
Christmastime who don't know okay I miss
about a no Clemmie
Ghanizada your thing one quesadilla a
chicken poor humble he knows everything
see those tacos he carne asada con todo
agua agua see so I used to come here
back in high school with like all my
high school friends and stuff back in 04
after like the football games and
whatever this place is open to her late
so we used to come through I used to do
all my doodles and drawings on this
table right here all right here we go
you have to heat up the burrito taco
that's a taco quesadilla he got him
Jared own get out I got a flag blah
we got air bud what's up what's up here
bud girl was murdered what's up
everybody put basketball with him what's
up guys so uh stop saying that soch as
net anyway it's currently I think seven
something p.m. after I went out earlier
to eat I came back and I literally
knocked out i was supposed to go film I
didn't even film so oh I messed up big
time but it's all good gonna make up for
it this week I woke up also and I had a
package that came through from thread
beast so I'm gonna be having a bonus
video on this channel tomorrow from
thread beast calm but basically there's
a full outfit in here like a full outfit
I have no idea what's in here I don't
know hopefully it's something dope by
the shout out to thread beast and yeah
man what else is going on i'm just
watching the Clippers in mavs game and
i'm working on the computer making up
for the past few hours i've been
sleeping in slacking off man 106 106 oh
it's a tie game with two minutes left I
hope Clippers lose because this is Laker
City Los Angeles oh my god Deron
Williams is on the Dallas Mavericks so
you know I don't let my guests leave
modesto without some mr. T's here we go
Tony I don't take a fire ass pictures
ever I take some good as pictures and
views views views if y'all ever in
modesto man just let him know where it's
at
mr. cheese always holds down yes Sam's
applluse somehow news who you guys think
is the most underrated player in the NBA
honestly first of all Steph Curry I just
seen the highlights of the shots he took
like he tried to get a foul and he threw
it up and it went in that's ridiculous
don't mind my hair right now Steph Curry
is going for back-to-back MVPs and if
he's not getting an MVP it's either um
my brain farted Paul George Paul George
is coming back strong have you seen
these numbers he's putting up and also
James Harden of course is always going
to be really close to second place
because he's always second place with
shouts out to James Harden anyway who do
you guys think is the most underrated
player in the NBA right now honestly I
feel like Chris Bosh is super underrated
as a lot of people don't they overlook
his what he can do because of they think
he's funny how they take him as a joke
but I think Chris Bosh is one of the
most underrated players in the NBA amen
let me know who you guys think it's one
of the most underrated player in the NBA
it's about that time ladies and gents
crew crew fam
that's great seeing you I guess a big
things come through on the phone oh but
that lighting though I just hired my
hair look at that man but I ain't even
monday so had a great time sorry I did
that shit I had a great time today when
Sir 1985 gallery that's just dope so
everyone go check that out at O'Brien no
we sent you yeah hit that shit up he
hooked it up fat so hopefully for you
guys are the same but and what else to
be distant yeah jessica's we all just
got hit the spot you just chill just
relax I was gonna be a long day it's
gonna be a long hard for me to know I
feel now I know how you feel kinda
special the lighting is on Philly fleet
freak huh the lighting is on fleek right
now super on for your neck at the
lighthouse since it's 9pm but to do this
thread beast unboxing for y'all and
Yemen just showing you that we grindin
even when we are at home late night and
we take long naps yes yeah I don't like
Daniel Bryan but fuck it anyways uh I'm
head home I'm a knockout I'm go home
wake up at six to go to work tomorrow so
tomorrow you'll see snapchat to me in
the city to follow him so follow me on
snapchat with an eccentric follow him on
Sanjay we're great duo we're hilarious
hilarious hahaha and we just wrapped up
mr. T's right now we just wrapped them
up put in the car yeah he's about to eat
the restaurant
Tamar crew TV
oh you are do you ask so sorry yeah are
you would go to the country are you
