good morning sorry I'm not excited and I
don't have a lot of energy I literally
just woke up another boobarella
had a beautiful day in la-la land today
marks day 1 of a four day process to get
the easy moon rocks that's all I keep
calling a moon walks they're called the
moon rocks so I'm about to call all the
stores that are potentially getting them
and see how they're handling their
raffles or whatnot whatever
Barney's Beverly Hills so basically I
almost forgot that I have to move my car
I have like two minutes to move my car
off the street if you guys remember
yesterday's vlog and I checked the sign
yeah I gotta get everything done because
I'm going somewhere 12:00 literally have
to leave here at 11:30 so I'm on a tight
little schedule right now and I didn't
even call any store so I'm gonna call
right now with you guys on the phone and
see what people say yeah I'm using the
selfie stick again so we got that that
angle going
thank you for calling Barneys New York
Beverly Hills all operators are busy
right now these remain on the line
everyone's calling for the easies the
whole stock list of all the stores
getting them is already out so I'm not
sure I'm not gonna be like not hide it
from you guys what stores I'm calling
and shit you know good luck to everyone
honestly Oh ten seconds to make this
crosswalk
no time to waste this morning yeah hi I
was wondering how are you guys gonna do
the easies on Instagram okay you guys
aren't gonna do the lineup like you did
for the last one okay on your Barney's
Instagram okay thank you so much Mike I
think she doesn't know what the fuck
she's talking about but let's go to
their Instagram and see if she's lying
or if she's talking out of her butt
whore she's or if she's telling the
truth
we're gonna go to Barney's Instagram
because that would be way more
convenient
Barney's official here we go and turn
now for a chance to buy easy season 1
men's fetch from Barneys New York
physical store locations this Rack will
includes physical stores only and does
not include Barney's comm only raffle
winners will be eligible in-store
purchase register here to win so it is
an online raffle so I guess that makes
it convenient let's just take a moment
to appreciate today's outfit guys just a
gray hoodie black shirt
by PacSun jeans and diesel jeans
I got the gray hoodie from hmm target
black extended t as they have extended
tees biker jeans from PacSun everybody
asked me about white valencies gotta
keep up let me do that
look at that angle gotta keep them
classy going man sometimes you don't say
that just flip it upside down so guys
I'm having a lunch at Downtown Disney
right now I'm not in Disneyland but I'm
in downtown you get you tape on the
Christmas decoration Oh Christmas
decorations and yes I'm coming in
digital then this weekend twice so I'm
gonna be coming with a special guest
that I can't say who it is and the next
day after that I'm going with my cousin
Arvin and baby Ava so we should be late
and yeah man had to go start eating so
I'm swinging my
alright guys so we have my sandwich I
know Harris is super excited for this so
mean Harris are definitely going to be
watching this together man Star Wars
December 18th
that's going to be an epic ass vlog
we're gonna make that the 1-hour Star
Wars walk for you guys if this vlog
could get will make it easy mm thumbs up
will give you a 1-hour Star Wars vlog
Ian Harris and then this movie I cannot
wait for next weekend oh my god and so I
just got done watching the last witch
hunter had been diesel it was pretty
cool man honestly I'm not into movies
that have to do with witchcraft or all
times or things like that but it was
pretty cool just because the beginning
and some of the story had to do with him
a hundred years ago but then the
concurrent storyline took place in
today's day so it was cool and Vin
Diesel so dope actor you know guys so I
just found out what periscope is it's
basically like a livestream app I always
see people talk about like oh I'm
periscoping I'm doing this I never know
what the hell that was you know and I
just downloaded it and I think I'm gonna
start doing it at least once or twice a
week like it's a way for me to talk to
you guys live and have you just you know
ask me questions and just have fun man
so yeah like when I'm driving or doing
nothing I can do it like I don't know
what do you guys think you can add me on
periscope I might do my live first live
feed Oh
maybe Thursday was today today's Tuesday
so tomorrow is Wednesday so let's say
the first live periscope will be
Thursday let's do on Thursday because I
don't know what else I'm doing Thursday
yeah okay so Thursday I'll do my first
live periscope but go add me right now
so it's anytime you download the app and
no this is not paid like I just want to
have a way because I used to do like new
streams and you nails and stuff but it's
just so difficult to because of the
laptop and it just like people didn't
know unless you tweeted about it the
good thing about this app is you get
notified right when I get right when I
get right when I get up on it notifies
you through the app so it's like a
notification so add me on periscope it
sky so more simple Qi a s om AR and I'll
do my first live feed on Thursday so
yeah that should be dope and I'm really
excited to do it I like I want to start
one right now just to see what it's like
but I'm gonna watch other people's first
and then see how I see how it goes man
so
yeah I don't know we'll do like
different editions all - like a sneaker
one where I talk about speaker yeah I
don't know maybe it'll be a better way
for me to connect with you guys and then
we can help you know go over a game plan
together how we can get crew TV to 100k
if you just had 90,000 subscribers guys
oh my god I forgot about that
we just hit 90,000 subscribers on crew
TV we're ten thousand way from hitting a
hundred freakin thousand that's two
hundred thousand two channels hit a
hundred thousand one year if it happens
this year we have a month in more a
little over a month and a half to make
it happen guys and I really think we
could do it so we'll go we'll go over
the game plan of how we're gonna make it
happen on Thursday right so I'm just
getting snacks I'm not actually getting
food that I can cook so I'm gonna play
and I'm about to get some fruits and now
I gotta be out of here man
I can't be staying in this place this
bar before too long too many people and
some just
if I can save $10 on just by once you
know I like it sometimes I just grab
stuff to see how I like it
they almost had me mad I almost forgot
the most important thing milk it's very
very unknown a lot of you guys don't
know how obsessed I am with milk
I love milk I drink milk every day every
morning with my cereal obviously what
else you gonna drink with your cereal
white milk it does a body good and it's
done my life good thank you
I've never broken a bone in my body
because of milk oh hey guys yeah first
time at the crib welcome thank you
you're not writers guest but you
definitely aren't a lot wait I don't
notice it anyway I got another guest
call right here so we're getting
together today because we're making
power moves
Loki listen I was thinking what's about
us how's life
I don't know how about yourself it'd be
like acoustic their house views minute
please from the six fan has views
where's the mocha No so we're chilling
we're about to go over some video ideas
plot scheme it's pretty convinced I'm as
bad as I thought it would be honest as
weird when you have this yeah cuz if you
go yeah no I don't know maybe because
they're like always taking a selfie but
when you just videotape yourself walking
with the thing people look at you every
year yeah nice housewarming party
all my neighbors came and knocked on the
door said we were banging the door too
loud but we were an hour and show me
anyway we just came up with some ideas I
called it over for these guys in the
uber George is arriving now in a sedan
hande while there he is
hello hello yeah hi I see you I'm coming
down right now thank you
oh he's around literally right there
we're gonna prank him guys yeah he's
right there with a uber prank you got a
new message for the people of the case
fire exclusive okay so fire case is
coming soon the resale game so I know a
lot of people told me you guys don't
like me reselling sneakers a place of
business and let me say I can't I can't
another good get together with the crew
went over some game plans for the next
coming week of the videos we want to
shoot things like that so it was pretty
cool
I'm but - honestly edit this vlog and
knock out I don't even know if I got
enough footage or did a good job
flogging today um but I hope you guys
did enjoy if not try to make it up for
you guys tomorrow because we're gonna be
filming some video so we'll be on set
and things like that so uh yeah man
anything else I need to say man not
really
I'm just really super excited even
though I'm really dead right now really
excited to get this channel to 100,000
subscribers tomorrow we're gonna try to
get that periscope going so yeah which I
get that periscope going so get your
juicy questions ready let's keep it
I'm gonna just answer crazy questions it
doesn't matter anymore so whatever you
guys want to ask me feel free Emma
that's it basically all right I'm gonna
start doing what I said I'm gonna do
them started any so I hope you everybody
has a good day everybody has a great
Wednesday and I will see you guys
hopefully tomorrow I know
