yeah what up guys welcome to why I
always welcome you guys like you guys
already know where you at you know I'm
saying what up guys
today we are living life bought ahead
out right now
it's 11 o'clock a.m. 11 o'clock a.m. huh
11 a.m. and some shoes were supposed to
come out this weekend but then they came
out next weekend but then some storms
brought up this weekend I don't know but
I'm going to cop the wheat flux flux
flux Air Force Ones
I'm never an Air Force one guy but I
really like the wheat colorway it's not
really gonna copies and I love the high
table air forces so i'ma go with it I
used to have hella when I was in high
school I was like aha
Air Force one fiend but it's Saturday I
already did shoutout to Phil he got me
the CP threes
literally copped two pairs of shoes this
weekend well I don't even know if I get
these Air Force Ones yet hopefully they
have my size but I cop the CP threes
already shout out the Phil you got him
online for me I tried to get him on line
two but it took 40 minutes and then he
told me he got him so I just ended it
and what else do we have planned for the
day honestly nothing so let's go ahead
and go to defeat all right so we're kind
of lucky because little
but the store is 30 minutes from where I
lived
what am I saying the store is six
minutes from where I live
so I got here really quick about parking
three parking and now we are here so
let's go see if we do get them
god oh and something extra I'll show you
inside
alright guys saw him back home and I'm
gonna show you guys what I picked up so
I went to undefeated they had the shoes
they also had the CP 313 s but as you
guys know I didn't need to cop it
because Phil cop did for me but I should
have low-key copped it so that I could
do a review on them for you guys and
then sell them maybe I don't know that
would be done but I don't want to go
through all that but yeah for review on
the CP 313 s coming in like two weeks
when I go back to the bay and I got a
I'm gonna see Phil and give him a big
kiss but anyway um we Air Force Ones
flux flux or really cold I don't know I
think they're called the Flex a lot of
people think this is a hype true people
don't know why they're going crazy over
this shoe I mean nobody's really going
crazy but I think it's a taupe shoe I've
been wanting a pair of Air Force Ones I
haven't had a pair of Air Force one
since high school in high school I had
like good 20 pairs of Air Force once I
had crazy-ass ones I had the Scarface
one so that was white in black down the
middle I wore those on my 18th birthday
I'll show you guys a picture right now
materials are dope on here you guys can
see that butter right there he's gonna
change your color it's like a change of
heart and then I got lucky because they
had these this is the ovo Jordan hat I
didn't even know they were gonna have
these but I walked in and they had it in
a super dope will be a little go good
quality it's like a flex fit ovo jordan
collection jump manager man cost 40
bucks dollars and if it's kind of weird
so I don't know honestly if I don't know
if I'll ever wear this cuz if it's weird
but it probably will what doesn't make
you pickups Harris gets this inside joke
right here if you guys know a ton of you
guys are gonna ask if I can go cop this
and sell it for you guys but no if
you're in the LA area they do have these
in stock so go to undefeated and they
should have these I don't know if
they'll be gone by then but if you want
to over your Jordan hat they have these
and then they have these if you want to
go cop and yeah I need to start editing
so I will see you guys later
you know we went in when you pull up to
the meter and there's already money
inside and you got 32 minutes without
having to put a quarter in the in the
Machine anyway I finally got out of the
house got done with my editing for the
day I thank God I have to edit a crew
kicks video this past week was hectic
but I got some dope videos for cooking
this week coming up about to go grab
some witch witch
eating a sandwich and all this
restaurants are hella close to my house
and I didn't even know like there's a
Chipotle right here I'm gonna cut back
on the Chipotle today
and then there's which wage and then
there's just like hella stuff right here
so I'm blessed to be able to die just
walk walking distance even though I
drove today what
well yeah it's a video it's not a selfie
idiot so here you grab your paper and
then you
I'm going to tell you they got all these
options right here where we going with
number seven all right guys so I got a
question for you guys first of all I
just marched out my food so sorry I
didn't even show it to you guys but I
was starving so we're approaching 300
vlogs our third or 300 blog is coming up
our third idea I suck at talking are 300
to Lilly we're coming in on our 300th
log and when we reach 200 vlogs I asked
you guys should I stop putting numbers
to the vlogs you know hyvee vlog the
title has vlog 301 302 304 I'm
considering like I did last time to cut
that off - just with titles let me know
what you guys think a lot of people said
don't do it last time let me see what
you guys say now it's a hundred vlogs
later so yeah man 300th log coming up
maybe we'll do something special for
there what should I do special for the
300th vlog you guys comment down below
if I should keep the title or the
numbers and also comment down below what
I should do for the 300th blog all right
what's up guys so today is actually
Sunday so I'm combining Saturday and
Sunday right now because I didn't have
enough footage just shut up you stupid
so I've been looking for a tripod for my
phone something that where I can set it
up and film with the phone because I
need to get one for Harris actually so
when he wants to do shit for crew kicks
he can set up use his phone because it's
he we have the success so I've been
looking for tripods and I went to Best
Buy and finally I found one and it's a
selfie stick but it it has a tripod
stand at the bottom so I don't need a
freaking selfie stick I don't want a
selfie stick and but anyway when I got
home I noticed that I can attach my
GoPro to it too so that was ten times
better and then when I figured that out
after that I figured out that I can
actually attach this to it too
so right now we're super freaking
wide-angled vlogging because we're
vlogging with a selfie stick
now I don't like to call it a selfie
stick so we're gonna call it the crew
stick and I'm not gonna always use it
like this but it just seems cool it
feels like somebody's following me with
a camera right now
and I don't know let me know what you
guys think you should i vlog like this
sometimes I just feel weird dude and I
mean I could just like vlog like this
this I know this technology right now is
like so old but to me it's like new
because I've never had one of these
things anyway let me know what you guys
think all the cameras loose but the main
reason I bought it is so that I can film
a video with with my phone so yeah
that's the main reason I got it but it's
just dope that it works is my GoPro too
and I think it's gonna be actually
actually be really handy with my GoPro
so I'm super excited about that but
anyway let's go ahead and get the gate
big let's go ahead and get the day
started
we're about to go get some breakfast
even though it's lunch I'm gonna go get
some Panera Bread and then we're gonna
see what happens after that man
so I'm sorry about missing yesterday's
vlog my apologies that's another sneaker
giveaway and everyone's asking for the
sneaker giveaways they're gonna happen
during Thanksgiving week when I go back
home because that's where all the
sneakers is and it's kind of like
Thanksgiving so we're giving back you
feel me
so works out perfect all right guys I'm
talking 100 miles per hour right now and
I haven't even a drink coffee and I
don't drink coffee I've never had coffee
in my life fun fact all right my car's
right here time to go I'll do what the
hell Jordan you know we're still
recording second even record like this
knock could be like you my card chillin
I just put this right here I just put
this right here as cheesy as a selfie
stick is it's very very convenient at
times like this so instead of holding
the camera while I'm driving I can just
drive and talk to you guys like this so
let's go ahead and go anyway man week
two of La wrapping it up we're about to
go on week three and I haven't told you
guys this but I'm starting a new journey
this week actually on Wednesdays when I
plan to
but I'm not gonna tell you what it is
but come Wednesday come Wednesday I'm
taking a risk I'm not really taking a
risk I'm just fulfilling a lifelong
dream that I've always wanted to do and
I never had the opportunity and now that
I'm here in LA I feel like this is the
right time and what a time to be alive
you know what I'm saying so uh yeah you
guys will see what that is on Thursday
because I'm going Wednesday I don't
think I'm gonna snap it or anything but
it yeah man and if for some reason I
don't start it on Wednesday because of I
need to contact the people I will for
sure be starting it within the next week
depending up and when it's available day
for me to start so uh guess I want you
guys to comment down below and try to
guess what it is so yeah anyway I gotta
figure out where I'm going cuz I'm
looking for a Panera Bread I think I'm
gonna go to the one by LAX because I'm
gonna be going the airport anyway to
pick up a friends so I think I drink
this frickin stick because it's already
broken I tried to pull it out in the top
ripped off so now if I go like this it's
done all I have to do is shake it a
little bit and it shakes so I'm gonna
return it and see crap out man I was
actually on FaceTime with Harris and I
was like dude look at this and I pulled
it out and the top ripped off and now I
gotta take it back to Best Buy and get
another one but thankfully I kept the
receipt in the packaging and everything
and look it's literally about to fall
right now I can just go like this and
it's gonna fall but what it still felt
out to me the dress was gonna say oh
yeah man I just want to say for every
but I always say this man but for
everybody who's been waiting for main
channel videos they're coming I did not
abandon that Channel I've got so many
ideas for it and it's gonna start
rolling once the ball starts rolling
it's done it's going down the hill it's
not stopping so just wait on it I think
the first video we're gonna release on
the main channel is gonna come black
friday or a little before that so black
friday though is the official date of
sneakerheads be looking at me like part
4 so I might release something before
the week before that but as far as a
sneakerheads would be like part 4 that
everyone's been asking about it's coming
out on Black Friday so that is
six that bleep on 27th I don't know one
of those days so I just remember that of
this one for the people that don't know
about Friday is but anyway I'll talk to
you guys in a little bit all right you
ever walked past something at the store
and you knock it off the rack but you
just act like he didn't do anything and
keep walking don't even look back yeah I
just did that like three times anyway
guys I'm at the Grove right now again I
live so close to this place it's like my
frickin second home now anyway about to
grab something to eat I stay eating here
and just hang out man spend my Friday
night here and nothing too crazy this
week this coming week is gonna be a
grind push out man I'll tell you guys
that man filming some videos we got some
pranks coming I'm on the lookout for a
new camera man I found a few potentials
I got to get in contact with them they
reached out to me so
yeah man all right so here's the deal
this freakin selfie stick vlog camera
thing oh it's too risky my go to Best
Buy without the packaging or anything
and see if I can just replace it and
I'ma buy an extra one too because I need
to get one to Harris for when he takes
over this camera the transactions gonna
happen in let's see if we can get into
Best Buy and change it alright so shouts
out the Best Buy they didn't replace the
stick for me so we back up on it you can
tell this anyway we're gonna have a
little heart-to-heart when I get into
the car right now
because we need to definitely talk
alright so let's go ahead and get into
the car already okay so basically to
keep it real with you guys realistically
I can't daily vlog like you guys know
this like I can't do it and the reason
for my missed blogs is cuz there's days
when I'm just at home editing are not
doing anything and
on top of that but I do post a blog and
it's just me going out of my house you
guys complain saying it's boring now
because I don't have the rest of my crew
with me I'm not doing anything exciting
and I apologize for that like I want to
give you guys dope content so at the
moment I'm gonna cut the word daily out
but I'm still gonna vlog so there might
be about five blogs a week there might
be about four vlogs a week there won't
be less than four there won't be less
than four I promise you that I'm gonna
try my best to daily vlog but I'm gonna
cut the word daily out of it just so you
guys can't say all that he doesn't daily
vlog he's not consistent whatever
whatever whatever I'm doing what's best
for me cuz my main focus right now is
crew kicks and the main channel those
are my two folks main focuses right now
because the main channel has been
abandoned for a month we've got so many
ideas that I'm trying to make happen
right now and I'm in the process of
finding a cameraman so once that's all
set when my goal is for the rest of the
year once the once the ball gets rolling
my goal for there as the years to upload
two videos a week on the main channel
until the end of the year
the vlog channel is just gonna be for
when I do vlog and I have something to
give to you guys so it's very hard to
balance out three channels and it's very
hard to give you guys consistent
freaking uh vlogs like that and I don't
want to disappoint you guys and have you
guys waiting all day so if a vlog comes
it's gonna come like I said I'm not
gonna miss every day of the week I'm not
gonna miss four days in a week I'm not
gonna miss like three days in a row I'm
gonna try my best to give you as many as
I can but some days I might not upload
on the crew TV I'm still doing crew
kicks five days a week Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday I haven't
missed a day of that cuz it's been such
a big goal of mine to get that channel
bigger and the main channel like I said
once it gets once you get started it's
not gonna stop two videos a week is my
goal I haven't decided what days I know
Sunday is gonna be one of the days and
then I'm thinking maybe Thursday or
Wednesday let me know what you think the
second day should be should it be like a
Wednesday or Thursday I mean it's not
gonna be a Friday that's for sure and
it's not gonna be Monday so it's either
ones that are Thursday other than that
man that's it man that's that's just
that's the dilemma right there I'm still
gonna do the sneaker giveaways I have
about seven sneakers I need to give away
and those will all be done when I get
back home when I get back home I think
in two weeks so then I'll be doing all
those sneaker giveaway so I don't think
I'm not gonna give you guys at sneakers
and that time man so I hope you guys do
understand where I'm coming from because
I do want to give the other two channels
my main focus and this is just a vlog
channel so
yeah and I'm not saying I won't go back
to daily vlogging but at the moment it's
just gonna be vlogs not daily vlogs so
that's that I'm gonna put the selfie
stick away because I gotta get home
alright guys so always gotta check that
street sign make sure you can park here
to our parking
8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
except Sunday so basically right they
don't do street cleaning on this so
basically I have to move my car by 10
a.m. tomorrow
10 a.m. tomorrow guys
one of the good things about the parking
in my apartment is that it's no
guarantees so sometime I have to put
sometimes I have to park on the street
which makes me wake up at 8 a.m.
depending on which side of the street I
get so that's good so I've been
productive as far as like waking up
early and getting shit done I go to
sleep no later than 2 o'clock now which
is insane because when I used to live
back in the bay I used to go to sleep at
freakin 5:00 a.m. wake up like that
12:00 p.m. so I'm happy that's changed
that's for sure and it pisses me off
when a lot of people don't appreciate
where they come from or who help them
get there well they just overlook it
because they think they're greater than
something like that man and I just want
to say I wouldn't be I wouldn't have
half the subs I have on crew TV if it
wasn't for my my crew I'm talking about
like the original crew some of the guys
you guys don't even see in the vlogs
anymore so I do want to appreciate him
tell you guys I do appreciate all of
them and I never overlooked that and I
know that they're they were a source of
entertainment for you guys I know
sometimes it's boring when I'm alone you
guys always tell me that but sometimes I
go back and I watch the old vlogs and
I'm like damn our crew is so dope we're
so solid
it was straight entertainment was like a
TV show for you guys basically they
basically that's what vlogs are it's
like a reality TV show for you guys and
we had different people and each person
was like their own character and it
sucks you know times change but I do
want to say that I did appreciate I do
appreciate all of them and without them
I wouldn't be able to have built a
beautiful all the audience that we have
today so when we do reach 100,000
subscribers on Crew TV I'm dedicating
that plaque to my crew and I don't want
to take any single credit for that
because it was all it was all my team
and it was all is everybody that was
down to be on camera with me and
you know she's exposed not exposed but
put our lives online you know so yeah
just wanted to say that let's just take
a moment to appreciate my outfit today
do fifty pants from Topshop leather
skinny fit I think long T from I think I
forgot where I got that from adidas is a
puddi with the 3m stripes another one Oh
finally took this thing out to give me
some extra motivation for the main
channel I wish they give you one of
these every hundred thousand you hit
because if we had to it would have got
another one but we gotta wait till a
million and it will happen for the
people that lost faith it will have it
and anyway
coup cakes hello hello hello hello you
guys be going in so a lot of people are
telling me to disable the comments on
the crew collection videos because
people all they do is all they do is
they roast the person's appearance
rather than appreciate the collection
and a lot of people start talking about
whether those are fake and real man look
at the end of the day all I can say is
if you don't like someone's collection
show us yours anybody's welcome to send
me their collection send me a picture of
your collection at oh my my email which
is a the one that I made just for the
crew collections called crew collection
at gmail.com send me a picture of your
collection and if you want to talk to
Mike about someone else's collection you
think they got fakes you think they're
ugly you don't think they deserve to be
on the channel then send us your
collection and let's see what you can do
you know what I'm saying don't talk
about it be about it you know what I'm
saying and then another thing is that
I'm posting what I'm getting you know
what I'm saying I'm not gonna wait for
the right collections on every Monday is
a new crew collection so I'm gonna post
what I'm getting so these are the people
that I'm getting I only have like two
collections left right now
and then I'm waiting for more people to
email me so maybe no one else is gonna
email me but I'm just I've contacted
like at least 15 people to send me their
collection I'm just waiting on them you
know I'm saying so for all the people
talking smack making fun of everybody be
about it and send us your collection
it's not about was the biggest
collection it's really not it's not a
competition I'm not asking you to send
me
fire fire fire sure I put Easy's in the
thumbnail because that's a hot shoe that
I would attract people to click on the
video which would potentially bring
subscribers to the channel it's great
marketing but we're not asking for you
to have a million shoes we're not asking
you to have the most expensive shoes we
just want to see different people's
collections from the crew from around
the world and we want to hear the
stories like you could have one shoe in
your collection that one shoe it could
be a freaking general release Jordan
that came out a less than a year ago but
it's the story that comes with it that
can make that video so good maybe you
camped out 12 hours maybe some a friend
gave it to you maybe you want it in some
contest maybe you just it's just the
first seeker and it means the world to
you that's what crew collections is
about so if you have one sneaker if you
have a hundred secrets if you have a
thousand speakers if you have the most
general release collection in the world
if you have the most exclusive
collection in the world crew kicks once
you that sounded like a freaking
president speech right now guys and I'm
about to hear the greatest wrestling
song in the history of the well it's the
best wrestling song right now
Dolph Ziggler he needs to be the world
champion if I had to choose another
person to be real champion besides Seth
Rollins that's the current non injured
active wrestler Dolph Ziggler he needs a
push WWE needs a push
former world champion anyway so
hi guys so this is we're gonna end the
vlog if you watch this whole thing give
yourself a thumbs up
not physically don't click the thumbs up
give yourself a thumbs up because if I
wasn't me I would really I only think I
would hate myself if I wasn't me and I
gotta be one of those people that
comments negative shit about myself on
the video that's it thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys hope tomorrow
but if not the day after that alright
there's a lot of dope vlogs coming out I
can tell you that because this weekend
is gonna be late cuz we got a surprise
guest coming 100% all 99% what this guy
but we'll see what happens
all right and Disneyland Disneyland next
week it's lit my dumb
