good
on Friday night turn up I want to see if
he gets kicked off a stage
huh I'm gonna go to yolo guys I have no
idea what we're doing on the face
I have no I'd like that
Holly we will doing makeup
he wants to
cook
hi
we're doing is they learn
yeah I think with haces does this go for
these way to you know the way too much
about this stuff hi drew are you really
do is it probably get a go somewhere
after whatever baby boy your face Rose
let me off here is not hungry it's about
tella ask her
what costs that like white people
working on you guys getting all access
treatment all right guys introducing the
all-new will cost absolutely the same
hi
now getting like getting telling me
I'm gonna do this every day and closing
what these people are gonna chew you I
really no I'm not doing this this is
only a dare this is a fat everyone here
anyone get it yeah we get it there it
was a beer anyway we're out of your fam
we gotta go KITT we gotta go kidnap wad
you were Sam you're probably the only
guy I got their makeup all day not just
a great guy before me time period yeah
Loki's cuz i am ray yeah record this for
the record now mere up keys right here
you know yeah all right i'll pick him up
you gotta go kidnap why'd you guys guys
I'm gonna pick him up we're gonna
kidnappin here and you know we're coming
gotta scare you bro you better like it
no you tell me what you owe their we got
him guys upt them to come out with us I
got you guys are you good because damn
rooftop access right now almost ripped
we're gonna do a shoot here oh we gotta
go here hi guys we are at a rooftop
right now I'm already out of breath you
wanna oh my god you're waitin around
brother would stop a sterling this
bubble oh she's next level Wyatt off you
could see staples
k√ºbra helicopter right here hahaha uber
helic wha bruh this is amazing and we
for sure have to shoot here
ross anyone this you can literally see
every area of LA downtown north
hollywood you want to make history why'd
you be the first person to dab up here
Oh cousin we have enough sir yeah this
is so dope man you can like literally
see like UCLA area Hollywood what
downtown this way
today's been a good day see Cooper
Griffith so you say Clifford I that's
all guys so we're getting kicked out
right now have a good nicer on us
alright guys so it's about to get really
loud kiss is about to be a hell he'll be
walking is going on right here
yeah we know you guys anyway we're about
to go get some freaking cream fight on
guys right over the Trojan land how may
you see alumni so the first you see a
lemon I never to get a diploma but
alright we're still using you a USC
campus right now we're gonna go get some
dessert because we are some that's our
Friday turned out right I love you
follow the buses okay whatever others go
to get creamed all the time I know
she'll etsy GOP freakin 40k on crew
kicks that's hell yeah daddy coming soon
Congrats baby 50k comes you would have a
contest right up your neighbor contest
your channel can hit a hundred K first
or goofy oh wow if I what's the bet
what's the station shit yeah would take
a body no let's do like an I don't know
what is it do you have things that you
got it if oh y'all ready oh here we go
guys cream
every time he Komisar dead all right
well that you guys comment down below
what should be the prize so it's fruit
cakes gonna hit 100,000 by the end of
the year where is the mahout brothers
going to hit 100,000 by the end of the
year you guys choose who gets what prize
and already got it yeah that's me
view
potential alright guys we are calling it
a night currently walking to my
apartment shouts out to what cost to
drop for dropping me off actually i'm
going to show you guys something to get
inside the house but i got to keep it
quiet because my roomie is sleeping and
there's like a freaking helicopter
shining his light on one of these
apartment complexes tricking crazy look
at this
oh my God he's shining his light on me
right now Loki that's hella sick look
I'm getting shine that right now this
helicopter is looking at me that's
freaking crazy is it hella cops over
here or something maybe they're looking
for someone I don't know what's going on
that's a good thumbnail right there low
key
anyway thank you guys for joining me for
another vlog man hope you guys enjoyed
I'm trying to just do stuff in the day
to keep you to entertain you guys
because I know some of the vlog to get
boring when I'm just sitting at home
doing nothing you know so I'm trying to
go out and just have fun and I gotta
like low-key like I don't even know is
the freakin water fountain right here
but my house like that's freaking crazy
I got to go out and explore stuff you
know Paris running to my attention right
now that we have no girls on crew kick
so if you're a girl here see good you
want to showcase your collection hit me
up um send me a picture of your
collection to crew collection at gmail
com and to any guy because and to any
guy who wants to or anybody who wants to
submit their collection to crew cakes
send me a picture of your collection to
add to send your collection to crew
collection at gmail com and then we'll
go from there right now this is the real
end of the floor I gotta whisper but
anyway thank you guys for watching hit
that yep love you guys I'm so blurry
that I'm just gonna buff cause
alright you I don't shave I only grave
grave for the day cuz my beats are so
fire put you six feet under kata under
fire fire
