morning from the Heat team Schatz out to
the heme team we've got ourselves a
problem
ladies and gentlemen because these
little people over here yes these four
white cars one two three four five
actually one of these people have made
my power go out at this point I can't
really do anything just hope that the
power turns back on and so I can freakin
start but it's still early about to
film a crew takes video am i yeah I am
I want to film today's crew Cakes video
I'm doing crew kicks so bad right now
I'm filming in the morning and posting
in the afternoon which I need to stop I
need to film like five videos in the
next two days so I can be ready and
prepared for you guys but I have not
missed a day of crew kicks and we are
very close to 40,000 subscribers so I'm
super excited by the time this vlog goes
up we might even hit it I don't know but
it's freaking amazing so guys I think
for the first time ever I let your
comments get to me so well I really let
your comments get to me but it convinced
me that I don't need these and that even
though I do like them the money could be
used towards something way more
important so I've decided that I'm going
to return my easy 950 s as you can see
they've just been sitting there they
probably will be sitting there until I
go to like New York in January so it's
really not worth $600 and you guys know
I need a new vlog camera so I'm gonna
return them I'm not even gonna resell
them I'm just gonna return them I really
don't even I haven't searched how much
they sell for but yeah
I wish I'd showed you guys my outfit
yesterday yesterday I didn't vlog but
yesterday I was wearing a dope outfits
and this gray hoodie on and I was
wearing these ovios OBO sound radio
y'all haven't seen me wear these yet I
wore Molly yesterday and then I wore
when I was in Vegas so I just wipe my
nose with them so my power came on
literally like as I got done editing the
crew kicks video and was about to go
walk to Starbucks to upload a sad day
man super sad day for any wrestling fan
the World Heavyweight Champion not
myself but the World Heavyweight
Champion Seth Rollins tore his ACL
yesterday in Dublin Ireland which is a
crap out cuz he's the world champion the
storyline was working perfect for him to
where he was gonna I believed that he
was gonna have the championship all the
way to Wrestlemania next year when he
comes back to that when you watch this
vlog just know you never lost his
championship and when you come back you
can resume your your place in history as
the greatest well not the greatest but
one of the greatest world heavyweight
champions that for everybody to talk
who's right now thinking all these guys
are retard for watching wrestling and
thinking wrestling's fake
well guess what fam I'm Garrett I well
guess what fam I guarantee you watch
your Keeping Up with the Kardashians
which is definitely scripted and I know
you watch your soap operas and reality
shows and all that stuff which is
definitely scripted and you ain't even
know it it's just fun man it's
entertainment and that's what I enjoy so
I'm proud of it you know what I'm saying
that one day it will be the World
Heavyweight Champion and you cannot
believe me but it's gonna happen with
that being said I'm leaving my house now
because the videos process champs here
so guys uh it is my turn
guys I know I was telling you guys about
a special guest coming this weekend but
unfortunately he or she will not be able
to come this weekend so we're gonna have
to postpone that but they are coming
next weekend 99% chance they're coming
next weekend but on top of that even if
they don't come next video I'm trying to
record a vlog here but other than that
my cousins are coming to SoCal next
weekend and we're going to Disneyland
and so yeah I'm excited about that
and that's all I want to tell you right
now so yeah guys finally got my butt up
and got myself a gym membership but
super cool like it's literally the one
that I want to be using which is close
to my house is literally a club across
the street from LACMA so if you know
over LACMA is I'll be working out at
least once B once at least three times a
week you know what I'm saying
next stop I got a returning Newsies man
so we got unreturned
he's money I saw these right here I
don't want to film in the store because
they go they cussed at me last time but
these right here freakin so sexy I think
it's gonna be my next pic over here my
next high-class makeover filming so now
that the easies are out of my life that
means six hundred and forty dollars are
back into my life and i hate when i
return something because then I'm like
okay now I have six hundred dollars to
spend but no I can't think like that
I got to be smarter man alright guys so
I parked pretty far from the entrance to
the mall that I'm about to go to just so
I could show you guys this view of La
like look how beautiful this is you got
downtown over there just a busy city
streets this is how la is man always
everyone's trying to go somewhere
everyone's trying to be something guys
never buy these shoes for your
girlfriend Harris I know you're gonna
buy this for your future wife please fam
don't do it that she gonna leave you
real quick
anyway this malt really sucks I'm
leaving I didn't buy anything how to
waste 30 minutes at a mall well I just
caught you guys this freakin won't suck
Pass
I'm never coming here again real talking
to this random guy standing here give me
one reason why I shouldn't dropkick them
right now this is freaking ridiculous
man
freaking ridiculous ah I want to pull
over and find a McDonalds and grab a
cheeseburger but you know I can't do it
and no nothing's gonna pop up like I did
that one day when I was driving that
late nothing's not and I'm not about it
that but that guy is not about it okay
he's not about it man
it's nine o'clock right now I head up
the head office of fire kicks had to hit
him up and have someone throw down to
collab right now so I'm about to go
ahead overtop him its place right now
he's gonna do a exclusive review on some
shoes he doesn't even know what's in the
bag if y'all want to find out what's in
the bag y'all gotta head to crew cakes
today we're about to go interview him
we're gonna get a review on the sneaker
and see what he has to say about it so
we're out here in LA doing some
late-night kinda you're not saying gee
the happened was all around
the Fed the Fed another one what up
y'all so we just got to Westwood we're
doing some exclusive crew kicks and fire
kicks fire Key Club collab exclusive I
hit him up on like yo we need to get
this pop in he was down for the he was
down for the fall never down for the
count
you ready for this family review if you
guys want to see the sneaker review be
sure to check out fruitcake show there's
the gear though so I got this you know
about this I'm representing and you
gotta check out the track
proud to be Pakistani
holy drepung cha your home but always
reppin deaf shout out the hair is huh
he's only happy only with the front oh
wow
Harry sure it's coming soon guys if we
made a shirt just for hairs would you
guys buy it like us with like a 100
pairs or wise hairs vlogging shirt would
you guys buy it low-key
alright so we're gonna start filming
right here for all we doing next level
 we're a Bruin what is it called
break the Bruin Makery later the Bruin
theater about to go let's go to this one
because this one's close right no both
of them roll levels guys look at this
weird crosswalk everyone just walks in
the missing New York City
no lines there is okay so we just got
done filming the review right now we
turn the review into a prank which is
crazy I don't even know how we came up
with that but you know you put you put
two great minds together you put fire
cakes and crew cakes together and you
can come get in fire firing kicks fire
crew kicks right you can't just give
yourself your own and if you cinch it up
it's crooked yeah so we're gonna go put
our things away and then we got a
brainstorm time we got a lot of ideas
coming a lot of pranks coming who Louie
trying to prank fam oh we can't even
save anything we can't save nobody's
safe though nobody nobody all right guys
so we're habibi's right now I'm it's
putting in work I gotta do homework
we gotta stay with the fridge
friends are number one he wanted to go
home after he film to go study I was
like BAM bring yourself and just chill
with me sippin on some orange juice
alive what a time to be alive guys shout
out to the band right here hey guys you
know he spent the night with me not like
that yeah for coming out and hanging out
with me on this lonely night you know he
brought his laptop with him guys
GoFundMe he needs a new laptop please
yeah it took him 20 minutes to transfer
his vlog footage you know yeah just to
open up bring my editing software but
anyway we're leaving Westwood right now
you better drop them off I don't know if
i'ma see you tomorrow - see you tomorrow
wait one on next Friday of tomorrow yeah
next Friday's we push it next Friday
push it we got a prank up our sleeves if
you gotta walk asleep no magician
when they thought we were in London
right now what is this a London bus I
love them mate hey come on come to
London me guys starting things all these
things is pretty big for London but at
least me my brother is five six six
we're starting to get y'all please stop
Friday oh you wanna beat uh no no no
copyright issues I'm going a capella you
can count me Bella
Disney clean I ain't no cream coming out
in the muck tree yes
smoking smoking down token token
one two or three chuck-e-cheese all with
the kids something for the kids kind of
Hanukkah okay let's restart this guy
need help ready one you liked it okay
ready we're driving back home now I got
a comb comb my hair ain't no mayor
I don't shave I only grave gray for the
day cuz my beats are so fire put you six
feet under car that under fire fire
kicks come in soon seat belt puppet Roly
yeah you've been holding that one hold
it mixtape coming soon guys if you guys
don't know spices have a really good
talent of freestyling I've been telling
him to drop a mixtape maybe when we have
time we shouldn't drop a good legit song
so yeah low key times is hectic man you
wanted time to be alive
thank you guys for watching up guys my
name is alright guys so I'm currently
walking to my apartment from my car I
had to park a little far but it's all
good and I checked I'm super excited
right now because although let me see if
I can show you guys this without 40
freakin K in six weeks I did not expect
this channel to grow this quick I'm
honestly so happy and so blessed and it
makes me it's motivating you do not want
to hit a hundred thousand on this
channel by the end of this year and I
know it's possible at this rate it is
possible and let's freaking make it
happen dude I got to come up with some
dope-ass ideas I got a freaking pudding
work crew kicks man when I first started
before I started this channel I had the
idea to start this channel freaking in
2012 I wanted to start this channel and
people told me not to do it and they
said focus on crew TV and your main
channel I waited three years to launch
this channel and I freaking did it and
I'm so satisfied and I'm so happy right
now I know this is nothing to all these
other sneaker youtubers or even
youtubers in general a forty thousand is
nothing but
to me this is a freaking accomplishment
and I'm so frickin happy and to everyone
who's actually went and subscribed to
the channel even if you're not a
sneakerhead I appreciate you guys so
much I owe you the biggest hug hug and
I'm so happy right now I'm like carrying
all these bags I'm like tired but I
had to pull out the camera and just
thank you guys man from the bottom of my
heart
crew kinks I'm gonna try my hardest to
make this as entertaining as possible
for you guys
it's only been it hasn't even been two
months guys in we reach 4,000
subscribers
sky's the limit man take advantage of
every opportunity you get if you see if
you want something man you can make it
possible and just do it man and I don't
know what else to say man I hope you
guys have a great day
everybody has a great safe weekend I
love you guys and I cannot
I can't wait to wake up in the morning
and put in more work I'm about to go
edit right now because we've got a but
dope banger video on crew kicks it's
getting blurry right now we got a banger
video on crew kick today so make sure
you guys go watch that right and if
you're not a sub now you know you need
to go suck alright I'm on here thank you
for watching hit that thumbs up she's
still blurry man alright bye 1 2 3
hey what is the how you been faster
beeps hello hello what's up
