damn it on do enjoy it music playing
what just passed all the way Taliban
yeah what up guys welcome back hope
everybody's had a great day having a
great day had a good morning good
afternoon
currently what time is it
12:55 I haven't had any breakfast oh Sh
I have not a breakfast I've spent the
whole morning editing because I went to
sleep early last night because I was
tired for some reason I was tired but
anywho today is a day of filming so I'm
about to go ahead out of and his beach
to go film an experiment experiments are
a little out of my comfort zone
or people say I shouldn't you be doing
pranks they say it's not my scene but I
do them anyways because I enjoy it it is
always good to send a positive message
and to get these types of videos on so
I'm doing an experiment and I'm gonna go
meet up with a friend right now who's
gonna be doing the experiment for me
because I am NOT gonna be in it today I
am the director I'm director Q which is
gonna be something you're gonna see a
lot in the next few or endure in the
future as far as my main channel videos
I'm gonna have other people doing pranks
and experiments and I'm just gonna be
the brains the editing and the director
with that being said let's go keeper in
Fremont so it's about an hour-and-a-half
way I really grimy I'm really nasty so
I'm gonna stop by home really good
change up wash up my bookkeepers in my
accounting so I got it you know be a
little bit more presentable and this son
is not
that's not helping me at all I look like
I just came in from Hawaii right now but
all right guys so I'm yeah and I got a
little surprise for you guys some of you
guys haven't seen in the vlog for a
while so I'm kind of excited to see
where he's been what he's been up to and
let's get this vlog philippi log vlog
vlog on the road I'm already on the road
but yeah all right guys
Harris case signing out and like I'll
see you guys back on like 30 seconds not
even you'll see me back in like a
millisecond but I'll take my little one
okay bye
hide the weather messed up our video
shoot so we're leaving right now these
are the new stars of QoP right here so
all of a sudden you're calm you're gonna
shout out your Twitter taking over
Almudena monday she's the star of the
new video that we're working on and it
got cut short cuz it's weather but it's
all good we made it work you're gonna
see a lot if people are gonna go in but
shout out to this weather for crapping
itself alright guys
freshened up a little bit got my new
little hundreds shirt with the
hoverboards and my Back to the Future
shirt on and yep I'm off to Fremont
let's see if I'm gonna make my
appointment it's in one hour so I'm
about to jam out some Indian music and
yeah see you guys in a bit school
alright guys I just my goals right here
I just found my BAE look at it so sexy
give me a year or maybe a year that's
you
you know just wrapped my taxes for the
year a 17 months later but we did it all
right
shout out just real quick this one's for
Q have to get
shouts guys so guys um a lot of a lot of
comments and people are talking about me
being a hypebeast now for the record I
never claimed not to be a hi Beast I
have no problem with the heipiess
basically you can call me a high B's
call me what you want as long as you
call it anyway man what's worse than LA
traffic is LA traffic when it's raining
or when it was raining earlier today
because it makes people drive way more
slower but damn this is just beautiful
right here man scene re so sexy
low-key this could be the intro time
lapse but I'm not gonna do it because I
did way too many quarter intro time
lapse so fighting is dope right now I
hate how it gets so dark anyway yeah I
got I got to get to my destination so
what's up guys my bookkeeper ran around
a little bit so I told you guys I had a
special guest today that you guys are
gonna see that you guys haven't seen for
a while so we're gonna find out you know
where he's been and everything so on the
count of three one two three is the how
you been faster beeps hello hello what's
up hey you need a sigh so Dustin the
viewers don't know where were you
there's rumors that you went to
Afghanistan you did a tour when you
joined Isis you know I joined Illuminati
that's why I posted a picture of the
triangles with triangles oh can it make
sense that's what my soul guy is and no
you know I've been busy working you know
there's seven jobs seven kids now so
yeah upstairs I built the hub stairs for
my house and not BJ's DJ's are each
other I miss y'all well Pam how you did
that
they didn't fit I haven't build the bugs
in a while either I get come so this is
what we do we just grab a camera and we
don't put ourselves in the block bro
this is nice it is right
that one's Apple first long story they
took me for right I almost about I paid
I got the plus and I paid 950 for it and
then I went to Apple and I got this one
for 300 bucks
Oh what the hell 128 gigabytes Oh as you
can see my eye is a little infected oh
she's on farted on me yeah pink I know I
think I took a nap today and a fucking
spider bit me then they just got me a
little bad so okay you just had to
fighting right now oh he's also mm if I
am a movie I'm gonna make it in the
fakers but uh you guys follow dusty miss
you guys mean dusty now in the base so
I'm not really from the bay y'all know
from the Freemont from Modesto it all
works out
Chloe something will try best to get you
guys um some little updates here and
there from us on this side high school
do his thing in LA we'll be up here so
miss you know he's gonna come to Modesto
next week next week for so we'll have a
love fun vlog I will possess and
bullying again I think that hit him with
the hidden without try whatever it is
good morning guys the champ is back
another beautiful day in la-la land
with the freaking dump truck just wanted
to end this vlog and say thank you guys
for joining me again
and putting up with my weirdness next
week embarks the start of a new journey
just know that okay oh yeah and also
shout out to champ sportsman if you guys
want to see what's in this bag go over
to crew kicks right now because art
today because I'm gonna be showing you
guys what's in this bag
Chapman Sports sent me so shout out the
champ sports and that's it for today man
thank you guys for watching hope you
guys enjoyed I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another one and please subscribe
man I barely you guys asked i barely
asked you guys to subscribe on the crew
on the vlog channel man so if for some
reason you are new to this channel
please subscribe you know why cuz we're
almost at a hundred thousand subscribers
and if and my goal is to hit 40,000
subscribers on crew kicks by this
weekend so if you're not subscribed to
my third channel crew kicks head over
right now click that subscribe button
and watch all the videos look at my hair
and then respect the World Heavyweight
Champion I'm out of here guys see you
tomorrow this cars about to hit me
head-on what are you doing man come on
idiot
