what's up guys welcome to crew TV
vlogging i'm your host will not your
host but i'm the guy you're gonna be
following for the full day so let's go
ahead and get on it i just got my day
started it's about dude what did I have
for breakfast you're asking a bowl of
Fruity Pebbles cereal a diet starts
today that's not the best thing to have
for a diet but cereals better than pizza
right anyway walking around wearing the
Royal Louis today this felon you guys
did not unnecessary stuff anyway i'm
about to go ahead to the glendale mall
right now because i want to enter the
raffle for the CP three jordan 13 i love
those shoes i'm super excited that
they're releasing pretty limited i hear
but I hopefully I could get them I'm not
a big fan of any other Jordan rather
than the ones right now and i love the
sixes i love the 12 Elevens are the most
popular but I'm not too crazy about him
13s where the second Jordans I ever had
when I was younger I had the playoff 13
and I just love that they're released
releasing a PE so and it's a Chris Paul
PE that's from when he was on New
Orleans which is so dope to me because
during that time when he was on New
Orleans was like whoa to my favorite few
seasons of the NBA like when Lakers are
still on top every team had one good
player rather than all these powerhouse
teams so yeah man it was pretty cool
this is the second week that I've been
in LA this is the first week that we're
gonna start banging out and filming some
dope videos and yes you guys are saying
my haircut is ugly and I don't care it's
cool i like it now you filming
anyway this is the second week that i'm
in la officially and it's time to start
filming so tomorrow I'm going to be
filming in experiment that I've been
having I can't freaking talk today
tomorrow may be filming an experiment
that I'm super excited to do because
I've been thinking about this idea for a
while now and I can finally execute it
this weekend we're gonna be banging out
a lot of videos we have a special guest
that might be coming to town I'm trying
to hype that up for you guys so you will
see who it is when he or she is here but
yeah man it feels good to finally be
settled in and to start finally hustling
and getting this grind mode on for for
you guys to start filming you guys some
new main channel videos so if all goes
right there will be a new main channel
video this sunday if there's not my
apologies there will be one next Sunday
so let's get it going alright so we just
made it for the glendale mall or not we
me alone about the head of this flight
23 store i believe there's only seven
flight 23 stores in the world and this
is one of the seven that is getting the
CP three so so i just entered the raffle
hopefully it's not rigged and the
employees don't take the winning tickets
but it's all good hopefully come
so I'm just gonna make around around the
ball even though i don't really need to
buy anything and just see what I can
come up on hell yeah I'm so happy i love
this weather i love the rain it's hoodie
season baby i love this i cannot wait i
need to buy myself a new jacket I always
talked about buying clothes man i need
to stop honestly but i love it man i
love this weather dude and i can't wait
to go to New York in January guys I'm
going to New York in January not for an
event or anything but i'll tell you guys
later but I got am in the back when that
back i got him kitchen feelings okay we
all talk area we are tied here oh shit
gonna say no turn on red turn right
alright guys so we're out here in
glendale at ikea it's raining right now
but um yeah man one thing I really need
I need a bed frame and I need a table so
I know I'm gonna get a table today I
don't know if I'm going to get it back
red frame because I hope it's gonna fit
in my car and on top of that this car is
about to hit me and on what are you
doing man come on Canadian
on top of that I don't have a cock wait
i forgot what i was saying that freaking
car almost hit me so yeah my camera is
getting soaking wet so i gotta wait to
get inside here so i'm back home guys in
my laundry room right now but I go to my
kitchen we just refurnished at me
you know what the hell is this man since
when did ikea become so expensive it's
like a freaking like 60 bucks for a
table when i bought my last one from
here twenty bucks literally when i lived
in LA last time i bought it white table
from here for freaking freaking 20 bucks
now it's like 60 bucks this is cheapest
one this is dope I just don't know what
I would use this for ikea I'm really
disappointed in you you turn your back
on me you gave me a table for twenty
bucks i come back and in return you give
me a table for 60 bucks that's not how
it works ma'am this relationships over
i'm going back to target and i'm not
going to target today but wait okay
anyway i'm leaving this bitch so LeBron
just became the youngest player to reach
25,000 points so nikeid dropped the
special LeBron 13 option and I pulled
over so I could make wine so I designed
my own and let me show you guys what I
made my night because there's only one
option that I liked as far as the body
so I made mine like that right there so
I don't know if imma keep on my now but
I just wanted to hop on it quick before
it sold out so I don't know hopefully it
doesn't sell out you know I feel like
they should just let it be up there for
a while but a lot of people are gonna
cop to resell and I don't know if I'm a
resettlement out but I'm gonna see how
they look in person give y'all a review
for crew kicks I was the main reason I
did
all right this will be good for crew
cakes to have it on there and I'm
interested to see how hairs design tis
because these designing his right now
hopefully you can copy before it sells
out I don't know what's gonna happen i
don't know if it's gonna sell out or not
but the mamba moment sold out so
hopefully this one does not when the
cops around
Warner brother
so I didn't buy anything from Ikea I
went to the mall didn't buy anything
into the raffle basically my whole day
was me driving around so I decided to
treat myself to a movie so I'm going to
the movies by myself and I want to know
why is it why is it weird to go to the
movies alone when it's a place where we
don't even socialize with each other we
just sit and watch a screen like why are
people afraid to go to the movies alone
I'm not this is actually like the third
time I've came to the movies alone
because I really want to watch the Steve
Jobs movie and nobody else is really
down to go so I'm going by myself I'm at
the grove what up y'all just left the
movie theater this government is
watching jobs it was a cool movie it
wasn't what I expected i was expecting
more of events of his life but this was
more of like it was like literally the
whole movie took place in three
different days over a 20 year span or 15
years spent which is cool I mean it was
something different but it was cool i
mean i don't know if i'd recommend you
to watch it until came on all DVD but yo
what's up guys so tough um currently 10
a.m. well it's almost ten am I gotta go
move my car the thing about where I live
is that I don't have guaranteed parking
so sometimes in the neighborhood itself
there's no parking so I gotta park on
the street wake up early and go move my
car so I don't get a ticket but anyway I
just wanted to do a quick outro for you
guys I know yesterday's vlog or today's
vlog wasn't the best there's gonna be
days when it's typically me just alone
and lay out without what are you looking
if it's funk let me know
so hope you hopefully you guys still
enjoyed it if not you know tomorrow is a
new day I mean today's a new day there's
anything I want to talk to you guys
about so next week I'm starting
something new in my life that I'm super
excited to bring you guys with me on the
road to the top and yeah man that's
pretty much it this was just a cookout
trip to say thank you guys for watching
I'll see you guys tomorrow today I'm
going to be filming a video about to be
heading out pretty easy in like two
hours so I gotta go edit this I'm gonna
edit I gotta film a crew kicks video
because champs sports sent me my first
pair of shoes shoutout to champs sports
if you guys didn't know they sponsor uh
youtubers and they send them
they send them I thought my car was
missing for like so basically champs
sports gets in contact with all the
sneaker youtubers and they send them
some shoes every once in a while and
they added the boy to the list so within
two weeks when crew kicks first started
two weeks after kooky starting on the
second week after the coup kick-started
champs sports hit me up and they said
hey we want to add you to a very
exclusive list of people and we're gonna
send you products so they've only sent
me my first product and it's a running
shoe which is kind of out of my comfort
zone but hey man it's you know it is
what it is and I'm still blessed to be a
part of this list I'm super excited so
you'll see that probably tomorrow on
fruitcakes and uh yeah man that's it for
today and it's actually before I do go I
want to say before we started to cakes
months before we started crew kicks I
would watch other youtuber sneaker
youtubers receive these packages from
champs sports I know this is not the
biggest deal in the world but it was
like I need to be on that list i already
make sneaker related content on my
second channel when I before I launch
crew cakes and I was like why why am I
not on this list now we launch crew
cakes and within one week of launching
it we got on that list so thank you
champs for blessing us thank you to you
guys for getting us to this part to this
success getting us this success on cream
cakes this early into the channel and if
you want something guys you freaking go
get it because anything is possible man
I came to LA to live this
and we are going to take advantage of
that I'm gonna take advantage of
so if you want to make something
possible man don't let anybody tell you
not to if there's a ticket on my front
digital dash there isn't I love you guys
man hope you guys have a great day chase
your dreams because we are the dream
crew we are the crew we are the family
I'm out of here love you guys oh I'm
tired by old heavyweight champion I give
you it whether you're wrong I'm second
Wally you give me a negative 8 no
respect for the champion right now this
is disrespect
