60-plus another beautiful day in LA I'm
with my man unknown basically we waiting
for the for the uber right now but we're
about to head to Melrose and we're just
gonna go you know do the usual check out
the stores see what the vibes are you
know maybe buy some things Siri game for
complex calling the cop in oh yeah we
gotta go shopping
we might link up with some homies over
there - I came and see this sounds like
in my eye I thought it was gonna be cold
so I brought this hoodie and now it's
just freakin hot what you got on feet
today brah you know it's a hot day so we
gotta bring the flames out yeah I got
the the Jordan ones on right here
you already know kick Nike collab going
low-key heipiess we're in the Supreme
but y'all don't know about it at the
low-key Changsha printing is there Loki
Loki Gucci Loki Loki all right so yeah
let's head to Melrose and catch some
vibes over there
alright guys back on melrose again man
and it's like that it's it's so packed
today for a Friday it's like a lot of
people here I feel like there's a lot of
people from out of town that are here
for complex fun so it's gonna be lit now
I know I keep talking about complex con
but guys don't forget sneaker cotton
Vegas is next weekend and I was talking
to the sneaker con team and I want to do
something different so I think what
we're gonna do is we're gonna have a
half court there and I'm gonna play you
guys one-on-one and if you guys can beat
me one-on-one I'm gonna have a wit a
wheel there and you spin the wheel and
there's gonna be different prizes on
there so we're gonna have a little
one-on-one contest that Las Vegas
sneaker con make sure you guys come guys
let's flash back real quick to when he
won the contest
and now they're here kind of crazy yeah
the boss yeah thanks yeah this is one of
the ones out of like one of a thousand
pairs it's like the warrior
these pairs will come with like three
different lease options this patch that
like I wanted to include this in there
because I wanted people to kind of like
get creative and put on something random
like their hat or like a check yeah
backpack and then the quarter a dust bag
oh wow yeah I want to feel the inner
like oh yeah go for you I tell you like
does it build it right yeah yeah so the
velour goes from like the whole in so
it's also totally old yeah sock liner
and then the under the tongue so was
there anything they said like no to or
they do that's you know it's interesting
I was just talking to someone about that
earlier Nike didn't say no that anything
dude this was like and that's what they
kept saying they're like look like
whenever I would call Nate McGill what
about this they like stop asking their
buddies do it yeah like this the first
time ever that Nike is giving you the
opportunity to like just completely like
fantasize of shoes you know and they
were like we're down to make it happen
so I even keep looking back I'm like did
I use it to my potential like did I did
I not there's always like on sneaker
drops there's always like oh I wish I
had this yours like has everything
thanks I appreciate that I keep thinking
on my damn side on this that but I think
it's perfect are you allowed to say like
how's it dropping or just first comes
the info yo so this is going up tomorrow
so we'll be there so pretty much from
these thousand pairs they're coming out
like this month like throughout the the
length of the month complex con we're
not really selling any pairs I just have
like 25 30 pairs on gifting there and
then Nike sent me a few extras to give
people backing I'm gonna end up wrapping
nice like I made crazy oh just be more
fun that way so my rap on the complex
con
then 250 pairs came out it undefeated
this month oh well 250 pairs come out it
needs
in Richmond Virginia this month I have a
special thing going on at Nike where I'm
gonna give away 200 pairs between two
different days and then I'm gifting like
another two three hundred pair sets that
thousand pairs right there this special
box and then full-on releases air max
okay so sometime in March yeah so
there'll be more pairs than just a
thousand my sweet Hines times all right
guys good luck this weekend well yeah if
you can get it all right guys so no
pickup for me but I just want to
actually take you guys to back to the
crib because I have an unboxing from
yesterday I actually got some like
something crazy telling the hit the
intro get injured yes sir to me crazy
thank you thank you
hell yeah appreciate you to put a code
show up do it for the culture of my man
hit the intro now alright guys so
obviously you were expecting than
expected obviously you guys were
expecting and unboxing and I just took
my third L and you'll probably
understand what I'm talking about later
in the vlog but basically I deleted my
unboxing I'm an idiot and I deleted it
so basically I already have the shoe
right here but it's unboxed so so here
they are guys I got these off of the
goat app I'm kind of crapped out right
now so I'm sorry if my Energy's down but
basically yeah I got these off the goat
app and this is an early pair of Yeezys
to my knowledge this is the most limited
easy from adidas and this is a colorway
that a lot of people aren't feeling but
I actually really really liked them I
didn't like them at first just because I
thought it was fake when I saw pictures
of them I thought it was like a fake
pair but then I saw Kanye wearing them
and I was like okay I got excited I'm
like okay that's a legit easy
I love the colorway this color I feel
like is super pop in for the fall /
winter time yo I made a hoodie yeah the
fire kicks with the assist
I made a hoodie inspired by this sneaker
and it goes perfect with it this is my
10 year anniversary merch I didn't want
to just buy him off of anywhere cuz I
wanted to make sure they were a hundred
percent legit so I got him off of goat
just because I know that I could trust
the people I go to verify it and make
sure that I got my money's worth with
this sneaker so I ordered him off of
goat goat authenticated them they were
all wrapped up I got the authentication
card but unfortunately like I said I
accept
deleted that footage so only thing I
have right now is the box and the
sneakers but I will tell you guys that I
did get these from goat and if you guys
want to download go you know what it is
in the description box down below check
it out BAM
these have been called the McDonald's
rapper Easy's they've been called the
semi samurai Yeezys or something like
that but I just called these they'll
come bottom easy vaults that's a weird
name imma call these the gum bottom so
basically this is probably the loudest
Yeezy that has come out and I think it's
perfect for the wintertime and I
honestly cannot wait to wear these as
you can see you've got it all volt of
bright lime green whatever you call it
color on the main base of the shoe the
zebra print is kind of like a very light
faded purple I guess that's how you
describe it
you've got to supply 350 which I would
say is an orange some people will say
it's a red I think it's orange and then
it's pretty cool cuz the lining on the
back the pull-tab is actually a like a
mustard yellow so there's a ton of
colors on here and then a lot of people
don't like the gum bottom I'm a fan of
it just because you don't have a easy
with a gum bottom and it goes all the
way to the bottom plate all the way to
this back tab I feel like that ball
there's a lot of people but I'm actually
a fan of it I think it makes the shoe
very unique
yeah man there's not too much to say do
you guys like I know easy bus that did
get these off of goat as well so I mean
if my word isn't trusted enough easy
Buster's he got him and he approved them
too so it's like yeah Easy's from goat
authentic very happy I pulled the
trigger on these and got these early
because what I heard is 4000 pairs now I
don't know how accurate that is but if
only they made only 4000 pairs
that's pretty limited and the price
might go up on these so let me know what
you guys think I know a lot of people
are gonna say these are so freaking ugly
it's it's it's an acquired taste you
know I'm saying you gotta acquire it Tim
though you're half asleep what do you
think these are like so hi Heidi claps I
was gonna say highlights uh I didn't
want to offend you so it's gonna say
claps and then I combine both what yeah
same color y'all sleep in y'all told me
it's not the same color y'all sleep it
I am a big aside piece what do you think
of these hello they're really nice
like telling you're gonna call yeah it
definitely says reso very very very very
very high come on the section below if
you want me to resell them or keep up
you got my on my bill rival giveaway do
it alright guys so we got a guess
finally welcome back bro
I'm backing this thing you know I'm back
in LA you already you know okay my man
has the best Instagram account he goes
live four days a week no four times a
day my bad he goes alive four times a
day you know like I'll get on like after
4:00 a.m. and man's is like yo banks
good to be out here like 4:00 a.m. I
like I'm just like I get on Instagram I
see her live streaming I tune in your
shirts off always get o me and I'm like
do people like really wear like all
their nice clothes in their own home I
mean I don't know for me like I'm always
shirtless have the time to be honest
they don't see the smart farming my
boxers I don't got a supreme boxers oh
you already know super a buck really but
did you get the new ones though the
camel one yeah I don't bro I got it when
you're gonna invite us through the new
crib come to Atlanta come back look
they're matching guys no shoes but I got
the most fiery though it's gonna take my
alright guys so I don't I haven't bought
anything I'm like waiting for tomorrow
with complex Khan and I guess I can
announce it now but pretty much as you
guys know I am gonna be wearing the
Jordan ones when I go to complex Khan
but then I also got reached out to by
adidas and Adidas wants me to host their
raffle or it's like a I don't know I
don't know what I call it it's like the
adidas Expo they're giving like a whole
bunch of rare things I'll give more info
on it tomorrow when I get there
like there's gonna be like one of one
like I can't but I can't even tell you
guys right now but tomorrow's vlog at
complex con you will see this stuff that
I will be auctioning off I'm low-key
excited what are you gonna cop tomorrow
I'm trying to buy anything today so I
can just that's what I just said I'll go
money tomorrow anticipate spending a lot
of money
alright guys so let's troll some guys
people in the Supreme line sees me say
how long how long you been waiting in
the Supreme line Robin here for 17 days
I just I did I think I think this is the
right line I keep wanting to get some
supreme I mean ah dude this was a
haircut line there's a barber shop right
next to Supreme Oh for real so I can
walk right into treatment
now they got in the line at their booth
no gets less photo before the sunset
damn when Instagram is more important
than the supreme drop the gram been more
important than supreme baby lit
romances out here trying to take
pictures getting hit by bus buses and
whatnot hey show up shop polish show
them your technique with the camera bro
this guy's got next-level tripods I'll
be talking like this and I'll be like
this wait why are we going back this is
in London break and just process oh my
god we bout to get killed bro these guys
are Walden right now bro oh my god we
just crossed the road bruh I want to get
that photo
Harrison ditches and as you can see
right here we have some beautiful night
hello guests camera I'm Harrison Neville
here we have some beautiful off-white SB
blazers these things are absolutely
gorgeous I love the attention to detail
right here with the orange little flap
of flap
we got the shoelace that says shoelace
yeah this is definitely five out of five
fire emojis please put the emotion
screen T WAP please put the fire hose on
it okay so we're at banks this crib
right now and I got to give you guys so
I bought the iPhone 10 okay and I wasn't
home so I was like expecting it to get
delivered and I have like a locker
system and apparently somebody signed
for my phone like they try FedEx tried
to deliver it and somebody sign for my
damn phone and I don't know who that
person is so I'm kind of like been
tripping all day but like brother like
that's the iPhone 10 you know I'm saying
it's the first day hopefully didn't get
stolen as Harrison you know sets up for
his unboxing unbox he's doing an
unboxing guys and he's gonna do it on a
stripper pole yo anyway guys you know
I'll check in with you guys hopefully I
find my phone if not I'm gonna you know
spend these bands right here you know
I'm saying is this is fake money by the
way fake money alright guys so back at
the crib and it was a dope past day
first of all before I get into like the
crap out scenario right now I just want
to say that today was a dope-ass day
having like unknown here jacob in
harrison here and then also meeting
banks for the first time like it was
super super chill appreciate banks for
letting us come out to the cloud house
and hanging out why didn't pick up
anything as far as like shopping i think
he bought you you bought like a necklace
right yeah he bought a supreme tee but
yeah so i didn't buy anything but
whatever it was like dope vibes dope
dope day but man I'm very very crapped
out because I was hoping that my damn
phone was by my door but it's not and
basically I keep checking the tracking
just for some type of update and it says
that it was delivered and it was signed
for by somebody and the name starts I'm
not gonna say the person's name because
it might be like one of my neighbors or
something but it
it was signed for at 5:30 p.m. I don't
know if that's somebody like in the
front office like I said I'm gonna
actually go talk to the security gate
person and see if they can find that
name yo if somebody stole my iPhone like
I'm gonna be so crapped out because I
wanted it in time for complex con to
like take pictures and like brother like
I paid in full for it like I paid
straight up for it so like if I lose the
phone not only I will I not be able to
get the phone for like a while cuz it's
like so high demand right now but like
I'll lose like $1300 like uh it freaking
sucks man that's the exchange rate so
far let me see
$8,000 you bout to buy a Bitcoin oh you
know left a boo man alone for the future
buying Alvey in Bitcoin video coming
soon
like we've been talking about Bitcoin
like since you got here like I didn't
fully know what it was but it's like I
don't know it's kind of interesting if
you're an investor some like a lot of
people invest into it and make a lot of
money into it I'm not gonna get into it
just like I fully don't understand it
but it's like it's kind of interesting
to me but like its own whole like topic
but I don't know it's just like if
anybody had Bitcoin a few like earlier
this year you sitting on a couple years
ago yeah you're sitting on if you put
$1,000 into Bitcoin and like a while
back you were probably a millionaire by
now
millionaire in bitcoins meaning yeah are
you guys so we're gonna end the vlog
right here but let me tell you guys if
you are at complex con I will be hosting
the adidas Expo like I still don't know
what it's called but horrible horrible
next weekend we're gonna be at sneaker
con Vegas so make sure you guys pull up
to that and then yeah I'm outta here see
you guys tomorrow
