okay so Meatwad us right now the referee
if you guys need a run and the world
heavyweight champion about it go to this
penthouse party right now with the homie
will cost
so that's the first stop of the night
we're gonna see where we end up but what
are your plans for the night X I'm gonna
have to start pinning people put all
flags down into my pocket there we go
alright guys we'll see you at the
penthouse we walking into the party
where they played that job man whoa
we are
alright guys so we were at that
penthouse party we had a good time but
we decided to come to Westwood to just
hang out what are we doing out here
you're hungry this guy wants animal
fries on so we're just hanging out do
this so packed right now watch us watch
us how you feel it let's see if we can
find the best costume out here on the
streets wide us you're gonna be the
judge will be jumped in to judge nine
out of draft
anyway it was starting off in exactly
the came up she's the heat are you gonna
team up T throw about I checked you
what's going on here nothing no good car
what are you fam nine out of ten Feb 9
out of 10 ladies what's your costumes
let's go come on
the devil okay a tourist Indian Red
Robin alright I'll give you guys all
eight what are you I'm a a world
heavyweight champion I give you Wally
you give me a negative no respect for
the champion right now
this is disrespect oh this guy got the
what's up fam how you been family Oh
what's up where's your costume ever up
from the beard is your costume i guy
Seth Rollins here check it in watch us
west buzz us I'm the champion no respect
I get no type of respect over here this
is the ocean look at this guy
Hey Halloween gay Taliban all right guys
it's what time is it it is currently 3
a.m. o'clock in the morning conversation
got booked you don't want to be in it
it's too late now out of it want fam
what's your costume fam shout-out to the
connect the plug show them that brought
you got tatted look he couldn't afford 3
stripes adidas so he only got two shout
out to easy hey fire kicks fire kicked
my much heads coming to fire kids all
resolved I give him that Batman voice
the voice Papa talk talk
dunno do Batman voice get home safe okay
alright guys so it's the day after
Halloween I decided to combine Halloween
and today because there is not enough
Halloween footage and I missed two vlogs
in a row so with my apologies to that
mostly great giveaways coming soon right
now I bet the glory I left my car watch
jeez house I was too lazy to drive home
last night so I took a goober from the
party that we were at in Westwood
instead of going all the way to downtown
I just came to my house which is like in
the middle of LA so I'm gonna go get it
I'm about to go eat and then I'm gonna
go get it and then come back and then
see what happens man hi guys so I'm at
this restaurant called shit
Evi or something like that and I got
this built breakfast look at this
it's eggs scrambled eggs turkey and a
waffle this is pretty fattening but you
just gotta go in you're not obtained you
guys look at this pink paul smith
building you guys just saw if you go on
my Instagram you saw me post a picture
here so it's just pink building right
here
it's a pink building
the buildings it's a building that's
pink right there
another cool backdrop in LA you just
find random paintings and our Salt Rock
City shout-out to the monopoly homie say
now I'm just doing photo shoots right
now for no reason on my Instagram
alright guys next up I don't know why I
am just cruising through the streets of
LA this is like a tour guide for you
guys are free out of town and you're
looking for some dope stops to go that
pink wall was that Paul Smith so if you
want to go to Paul Smith next up I'm
going to the Zetas original store which
is on Beverly so let's see what they
have is his Rita Ora is Rita Ora here
low-key very artistic my heart hurts I
need to talk to her why she's the one
fan no no how do you know she's the
mother target right no she's the one not
bother I stop you're not calling Nolan
okay stop you know you used to call me
on my cell phone
to go you think they were out in already
damn this is giving a little sample but
another one is give a steam you already
know these are in the ovo tens Justin
Bieber edition damn show them the bottom
though that's the highlight of the shoot
gumbo gumbo gumbo come on it's just
obvious you know this is why G west
posit right now yeah I'm saying as
little as runs right now for that sure
so what sneaker man oh those are this
six 90s seven six
oh all right you know I know that's just
a sneak you know I'm saying that you
what's your favorite one more just know
we just know what are those one of those
things but you know what what are those
if we if we can little comfortably don't
say we go with the fireball Jeremy Lin's
okay there's a victim huh there's a big
debate people are saying you're your
brother's a bigger sneaker head than you
you see guys um call me are you sure
you're not like that's is the comments
are saying it dude did you see I mean
fire kicks exclusives no fridge and shit
that's next time with my family mean
this is just a sneak peek you know y'all
want some milk
cuz I got no real Stan we're moving on
that no offense Pam why'd you guys hold
this and it's only meeting you here I
got a short sleeve it's like a hoodie
but it's not good it's a swatch horsies
yeah easy season three easy season 909
yeah
oh my god oh this was 30 bucks or
challenges so what's up
okay so we're at plays pizza right now
but I get some pizza how was last night
Halloween man on the wing gauge drinking
drops yeah that's what's about to say
we're disappointed Drake you didn't drop
the album but we know you're working on
it so it's all good what do you expect
new members oh yeah 100% paid purpose oh
shit I don't know
yeah an album like four years ago right
I playing hello rappers on the way he's
riff raff this song with your back
remember oh yeah
anyway guys this week we're going ham in
the video we're gonna do some videos for
their channel just a video from our
Channel
there's a rumor going around that we're
gonna have a special guest in LA this
weekend so
I can tell you it is let's find out you
ready to grind down
it's that season alright guys so I'm
finally home it's like 9 o'clock themes
later but you know we just had daylight
savings so and I'm coming I'm going home
right now I went to Target got some
stuff from my bathroom like hands soap
in a floor rug for the bathroom and man
I had some missed opportunities today
man I got to take advantage of
networking with people cuz I ran in I
was at some store and there was another
youtuber there who actually watch and I
didn't say anything to him I don't want
to say the name cuz because it's kind of
weird from I don't I don't want to put
that person out there and then it's just
awkward I just I didn't approach him
when I should have because I watched
their vlogs daily and
and I was just like I don't know
sometimes I just feel like it's so I
didn't want to be fake come off fake and
just seem like I'm trying to promote my
You Tube so I didn't want to be like yo
I'm a blogger to Zion I just got to
learn how to network man it's a weakness
of mine and then we also met Shia
LaBeouf today which was crazy we were
walking on the street and then we were
walking on the street and I was like oh
I was like what's up shine he's like hey
what's up and he was walking Keller
quick and then my boy shook his hand and
then he's like yeah I have a good day
and then he kept walking and then my
boys like Josh do it and then put my bag
down and he was walking and he didn't
even turn around but he heard him say
just do it and he went like this he just
threw up the thumbs up I kept walking
and he just looked like his back was
towards us and it was just so swag so we
meshed Shia LeBeouf which is crazy
because even Stevens was like the shell
growing up you know what I'm saying like
that was a Dutch show shout out the
beans Aaron Garin but yeah man it was LA
is just crazy because there's like
somebody's left and right it's insane
man
but anyway I'm home now so imma calling
tonight
and here we have a duck boo it's time to
go hunting y'all it is time to go huntin
