good morning guys so I almost overslept
I woke up at 9:20 and I have until 10
o'clock to pick up the easy so I'm
rushing over it says I'm going to get
there in 8 minutes which is at 9:45
which hopefully gets me into the line
technically I was supposed to be there
like 9:00 she said no later than 9:00
but hopefully I can pull this off and
look at the shoes I contacted my bank so
they don't lock my card so I'm good to
go in that case it's usually when I've
been out lady lock my card when I make a
big purchase and as you guys know these
finishers are listed at $600 which is
insane I really don't think they're
gonna be worth $300 but I mean I'm an
idiot I'm dead this is a morning workout
for me man let's go get in the side
vlog what I could they wouldn't let me
blog so I just at least tried to get
some footage for you guys but I got mine
and I got my size so it's late but I go
show you guys when I get home and I'm
about to go film on crew kicks videos I
posted today oh that was a mission and
thank God I made it total came out to
630 I believe it just pisses me off but
amen
fashion is a passion that was so stupid
I don't know where as I came from anyway
it's late alright so back home
time to put work in got to make this
cooking video up today so I got a film
and then edited so struggling give you
guys the first look at them trying to be
one of the first people on YouTube to
advocate as pookins me the first look
exclusives baby you I'm saying so
basically I didn't even need this card
and I thought I lost it this morning
this is the same box as the 750 well I
think this one's a little lighter run
nine and a half freaking expensive it
was either this pen only options they
had where was this pair and the black
pair they didn't have all 4 colorways
but this is a colorway I wanted out some
thick grey laces and yes I did wear this
outfit yesterday I want to sleep in it
well not the pan spoon I just throw in
the pants quick a dust bag for a shoe
that's not even in the dust bag ooh this
is nice quality way better quality than
this bag right here this is the for the
750 look you could just tell by the
picture one more much nicer it is and
here we have a duck boot it's time to go
hunting y'all it is time to go hunt in
what do you guys think man I really like
this thing that they had on the 350
loads
got it yeah I'm gonna leave it for the
video because I'm about to film this oh
 like this so this is the setup I
made for the video I think this is a
decent setup actually I might use this a
little bit more than just today but got
the white shoes or the black shoes the
half black shoes and the white side you
know what I'm saying so this is what
it's going to look like okay see this
shoe damn I don't know if my shorts are
gonna show don't love running pants so
oh no we good so this is my easy Adidas
collection we got the pirate black
Turtledove 750 lip dub ooh which one's
your favorite man let me know so I'm
finally done I'm freakin tired man
freaking made the backdrop and took the
up-close b-roll pic video of the easies
man and I still need to film ID this
video which is going to be up on coup
cakes today for you guys well not today
for me today for you guys so I gotta
upload that it's beautiful outside now
mainly this beautiful view I'm gonna
clean guys damn it I might as well
before I shower so let's do this this is
the grail of cleaning shots off the
Swiffer so guys um just got done
cleaning uh clean the crap out of my
room vacuum clean the crap out of my
bathroom trimmed up my beard I'm gonna
line it up tomorrow when I get a haircut
and then you guys won't be able to see
my double chin because I'm gonna line it
up hold on
when I sneeze I sneeze like 50 times
I've been having allergies today and I
never get allergies I only sneeze when
I'm sick but I'm gonna attempt to rock
rock the rock I'm gonna attempt oh god I
got the burgundy here right now I'm
gonna attempt to walk to the Grove to
grab something to eat
obviously I spend too much money today
so I'm not going to be shopping I'm on
the edge of keeping the nine 50s on us
thank you changing the subject okay I'm
going to attempt to walk to the Grove so
I'm going to be wearing these because
obviously they're super comfortable I
think it's like a 12 minute walk it's a
little literally across the street but
so it is my third day in LA I believe
and I really haven't done anything like
Power Move related except like film two
or three videos in my house for crew
kicks and you guys probably wondering
like what am i doing I thought you were
here to make powerpoints I'm gonna start
doing big things like that next week I
have a few videos I want to shoot this
weekend I always stop to see who's in
the elevator before I continue vlogging
so hopefully I could film tomorrow and
then today I'm going to film with
bouquets video and then next week I'm
going to be going to some acting classes
I'm going to go check out which ones I
want to sign up for because I do want to
improve my acting and hopefully that can
lead me to something bigger as far as
getting into the acting industry things
like that so check out Bay oh she needs
some rest
she's been going to she's been doing a
lot of work lately so we gotta give her
some rest and it is amazing that they're
building like so Christmas maybe is the
Grove they just added this tree what the
or did they do I don't remember if they
did or not but
to me because last week he was actually
a stage one meanwhile gos came in
perform so I spent the last ten minutes
trying to find my blog camera and then I
realized it was right here recording the
view for the freaking intro of the vlog
I'm a freaking idiot but anyway guys
whoa I just got done filming my adidas
collection video and I have a pretty
dope collection man
it's rather new I just hopped on the
Adidas wagon don't hate on me but um oh
why am i showing you guys you guys gonna
watch the video too to see it man my bad
but there is one shoe that I didn't
expect to be in the collection and I
kind of forgot about it it's the water
of those Cruces and sandals I forgot
about these but got them back in there
but anyway shouts out to watch you for
not coming through he was supposed to
come through but he bailed on our gate
so now it's just me a glass of whiskey
adderall and diesel jeans whoo but
anyway I got this big light up in here
I'm about to put this away I'm gonna go
watch this Dolph Ziggler match versus
the miss Halloween wrestling pouch so as
I started yet hasn't studied it's been
on the same commercial for like ten
minutes
all right guys better call it a night my
blog canvass all types of messed up this
lens but it's still fully functioning so
I can't complain I'm on the edge man I
want to keep the night 50s I tried the
more they look cool I should have showed
you trying them on but I kind of forgot
but that price tag is killing me
because I need a new vlog camera and
because I want a Playstation and I'll
use a Playstation more than I'll use the
shoes the shoes are probably won't even
wear until I go to New York in January
oh it's killing me
I got to think about it I don't even I
don't even know if I can return them are
they returnable or sometimes they'd be
doing some weird spinal sail I
don't know I don't even know what the
resale is I haven't checked but just
have a good weekend
all right I love you guys sorry for
another boring flaw by myself
but all my friends are dead like guys or
so I'll see you guys later all right
peace up a-town down on my side look at
this line real quick
type Israel
