this is the first but definitely not the
last time that you guys will see me in
this mirror and start to vlog out like
this I officially am out here now they
moved in them in my apartment
always is are and I'm gonna go get my
day started finally I woke up a little
late I'm so tired last night because I
was so tired last night but I'm here I'm
gonna go eat and then I got I gotta do
so much I gotta buy so many things like
trash cans laundry basket long detergent
freaking towels all that stuff all the
little things main growth engine and
this is my elevator so you'll be seeing
me do a lot of elevator vlogs in here
and let's give this a stay started see
what happens I got my camera and stuff
with me in case I end up shooting I
think I'm gonna shoot the crew kicks
video with Jamie so yeah nope no boo no
boo no boo no boo no boo snapchat in
this since we see the snapchat billboard
it's only right to promote my snapchat
follow me on snapchat it's Q underscore
s Z n for you
I know that talking fadeaway like it
feels so good to be in LA and know that
I have my place here and I'm stable and
I don't have to worry about finding
another hotel or worry about whose house
I'm sleeping at or worry about what I'm
gonna do like it's such a relief man
like if you guys watch the vlog not too
long ago when I was just in the hotel
room and I was just stressed to freak
out and I would drive around in my
rental car and waste money on rental
cars and just look at apartments I go I
want to know like what's it gonna take
to live here here here here
it's all gone man I'm here I'm living
I'm ready to take over man starting next
week there's gonna be a lot of new
things in my life going on and I'm ready
to take you guys with me and I'm super
excited man I just hope I just want to
make the crew grow I want to build this
channel of I want to build the main
channel of I want to build crew kicks up
and you guys are the reason why I could
fix protocol crew Cakes is doing so
amazing man 30 almost 35,000 subscribers
it's freakin insane to me so I gotta
keep just throwing out dope content to
you guys so I got a lot of cool stuff
coming for that so yeah man I got
answered at scar though you know
business on business on business
cuz that's my diet plan Panera Bread so
I'm gonna put my hood on cuz I'm a thug
in these streets you know I'm sane and
I'm gonna grab myself some Panera Bread
and what was I gonna say
oh yeah Lakers season openers tonight
I'm super excited or watch the mama play
hopefully you know he can stay healthy
this season I was trying to find tickets
to the game tonight but really I
shouldn't be spending money on that and
that's like I get like steals like a
ticket under 80 bucks or something in
good seats so I'm gonna keep checking
back on that and you never know man
maybe I'll end up there maybe I won't
tell you never know what can happen in
Los Angeles that's the dope thing about
being out here you know what I'm saying
so oh I need a haircut I gotta find a
barber out here man if you guys know any
dope barbers out here in LA man let me
know comment down below but anyway this
is the Panera Bread so this is like my
new main spot it's like five minutes
from my house so somebody tweeted me a
video of how to clean your lens so I
tried it out and it was a miserable fail
because now I just broke my camera so I
don't have any shutters on my camera
I'm screwed over now god damn it I'm
just some straight bull so now I
have the option of cue to keep using
this camera
how does it look so clear I think it's
just the lighting but there's no lenses
so that's gonna make even more dust come
out and I'm gonna have to clean my lens
everyday so I can either go buy the new
camera putting off because it's $1,000
or I could just hang with this one in
the meantime and I think that would be
the best option because the old me when
I went out and bought it already but the
new we gotta pay rent you know what I'm
saying so although I don't plan to buy
the easies I'm still gonna go try to get
a wristband from Barneys New York just
in case I do decide to get them I think
I might get them and just do a review
for you guys and then see if I'm gonna
flip them or do it I keep them or
whatever I just like to do with them but
I want to go check yeah I definitely
want to see them in person so you know
why not and I'm turning left here so I
gotta wait behind this big-ass truck I
am right in your face bro where the line
is not that long which is good so
they're handing out wristbands and then
the winners can pick up I'm not the
winners but if you have ever been you
can buy your pair tomorrow retells 505
god damn these boots better freakin fly
man crazy life oh look at least this
gate is not as long as they anticipated
which is cool with me we walk you up in
his wish all right guys it's looking
like look at this line real quick
type Israel so it is very lit right now
got my so you got a guaranteed pair hold
on let me try to focus this okay so
I got my guaranteed pair I've got to
come back tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. they
said be here at 9:00 a.m. to be safe you
line up in your spot I gotta wear this
damn wristband the whole frickin day I'm
number 21 so anyone you haven't heard me
say that in a while
but basically I got my boots on deck and
you know when it comes to sneaker
releases there's always that one guy
shows up to the sneaker at least and he
has the pair already he just comes to
show off and get another pair it's so
annoying but there was a guy there that
had the pair he had a black one but I
needed look anybody who asked if I can
look at him because not see him tomorrow
and I want to be the first review on
YouTube of them so I'm gonna get my pair
go straight home and the review video
should be up today if I get them I don't
know what sighs I'm getting
unfortunately it's freaking quiet as
 down here I don't know what size
I'm getting but I'm hoping to get my
size nine or nine and a half ten so I am
Number twenty one in line and I know my
size is probably more desired than a lot
of these other sizes but worst case I'll
size swap Oh
alright guys but now it's time to go
take care of some real business that was
like my own pleasure of getting these
damn shoes let's see how much this
frickin parking is like I worked at a
random-ass office building a freaking
$18 for parking
are you freaking kidding me
that's so annoying
whatever currently heading over to
target so I can pick up some essentials
for the ocean I'm confused I gotta go
this way is this Melrose oh I don't know
if I'm one right away I think I went the
wrong way
around Santa Monica no I went directly I
gotta go to Target to get some things
you know the basics toilet paper I made
a list I mean Michael let me tell you
let me share my list with you guys I
gotta to get in to do list to do over
your collection a diva's collection hot
or not
9950 review that's all crooked get
towel bathrobe sopra uh-oh the little
things you scrub your body with with the
sole but I noticed called so I called it
a soap rubber shampoo cleaning stuff
toilet paper paper towels key chain
slash key ring for my keys paper plates
and cups laundry basket laundry soap
garage closet table for socks and
underwear table for computer room carpet
and whiteboard so those are the only
things I could remember I was waiting in
line for the easiest so hopefully if I
do need anything else will pop up I'm
gonna like go to every single aisle of
Target so I can make sure that I don't
miss a thing cuz I know I'm not damn
well right when I walk into my house I'm
gonna be like god dammit I forgot the
butt plugs
I'm just kidding what the hell what what
who wants that hey this is a pink wall
that everyone takes pictures by Paul
Smith I guess I don't know everybody
always post pictures of this pink
background hey I will go do it too soon
okay cuz I post dope Instagram pictures
I'm dope and I do dope well I well I
didn't even notice this easy Barney
why is it so blurry it took me like an
hour to get here I wasn't at home but
still the traffic even if I were to come
from home it would have took me an hour
I don't know if there's a closer target
to my ex to the house but our apartment
whatever color but I
but I'm not target I'm gonna try to get
this done an hour so he's go watch the
Lakers and hold opener so over yeah man
let's go do this
I'm so tempted right now guys I want a
ps4 and to make matters worse the two
games that I only want are available
which is freaking NBA 2k16 and the other
game that came out today
where's that but I really can't buy this
man especially if you got about to bite
these Easy's tomorrow oh man
I'm so
no world heavyweight grocery run is
complete without the most important
factor in my diet which is my
strawberries this might be the how you
been FEM strawberries
hold on over this one right here this
one's red as they confer on you yep this
is the one you'll comment down below if
you think I made the right decision so I
got some groceries as you guys can see
it kind of looks like junk food but it's
way better than eating out slowly baby
steps for me or very baby steps for me
like I'm crawling still pretty much I
swear I'm gonna need to do a target all
for sure look at this
is the most I ever filled up my car baby
man this is straight beautiful dude oh
my god man the palm trees I can't
complain at all the city lights I think
over there is like UCLA and Wow
no actually I think that's like no I'm
not sure actually but this is just
beautiful man lit nice even though this
cameras low-key broke it's still giving
me a good a good picture man so I can't
complain I'm home right now watching the
Lakers game as you guys can see on the
reflection hot shower a tall glass of
whiskey diesel jeans and bam this place
is just messy this is what I film crew
kicks on yesterday I put the top down
you feel me
all over the place finally got a nice
mirror hot shower
adderall glass of whiskey diesel jeans
hey gentlemen
Hey ladies hey gentlemen so check it out
my rooms a little cleaner keywords a
little but I got my closet organized
let's look at this closet guys look at
the vibes in this closet shall we fall
colors
no bright colors anymore dude the old me
back in high school was straight about
being bright and wearing dope colors
let's just let y'all know that we what
we cop it tomorrow okay
so you see all the subtle colors this is
that easy season color this is the
freakin Drake olive color this is that
you got to go with the white sometimes
go with the black sometimes you gotta go
throw white again some gray vibes in
here some shoes up there let's go to
this side
you know towel vibes I need to buy more
towels because I only have two hat vibes
gymvibes right here ovo vibes toilet
paper white sandal vibes
shoes for days you know I finally
organized this area - hello tomorrow you
will have a baby brother well he's
probably like your daddy actually
because he's a big boot my laundry right
here which is dope cause it's got the
magnetic magnetic max we ain't got to
smell all that smooth I'm gonna put that
back in there actually it is super windy
as hell right now it is so windy right
now
like you can see the palm trees moving
barely I mean there's some crazy vibes
going on right now all the views are
security right here what are you gonna
do in that bike family come on
we still got so much work to do like I'm
still debating whether to make this the
backdrop of my videos and then put my
bed right here but then the windows
right there and I don't want the bed to
like wake me up every morning but then
it was pretty cool yesterday so I might
just do two backdrops do a sneaker
backdrop right here for kou cakes and
then just like a regular backdrop for
everything else so we'll see what I do
man I gotta wake up early to buy the
easies which is a crap out I'm still
hesitant about behind them because they
cost freakin 500 600 bucks actually it's
like nine it's like five ninety look
these palm trees at the Florida action
great might as well just take all these
chicken things down man oh my god it's
like a million this is the thinking
thing about LA there's no piece of
there's no quiet
it's Ricky choppers above us
no p-side no co-op all right calling it
a night I didn't film because I left my
camera in the car and I parked pretty
far I don't have guaranteed parking here
so I got this fine parking over here so
I'll but if you up the bar oh and I
understand that these past few blogs or
the dis weeks vlogs are gonna be pretty
boring because it's just me alone I'm
not doing anything settling and packing
up getting myself settled into you but
starting next week that's when I'm gonna
start doing different things and
starting different adventures I guess my
hair looks weird so shout out to
everybody who's still with the vlog so I
know the vlogs have been going down like
as far as like the views and things like
that because I don't know you guys don't
like me by myself I'm like the probably
the most hated person in the crew but
I'm okay with that as long as you guys
loved the rest of the crew
but anyway man thank you guys to
everybody who did watch this vlog and
I'm gonna try my best man I'm trying my
best to get this la make this move worth
it you know what I'm saying so with that
being said thank you guys for watching
again I'll see you guys tomorrow in
another vlog stay tuned stay ready stay
focused dream crew out of here deuces
ain't I am no longer gonna eat junk food
the diet starts nap
