so picking up where we left off
yesterday welcome to another vlog a huge
vlog well it's not gonna be a huge law
but it's a huge day for me cuz as you
guys know man for the past month since
September
basically the whole month I've been
looking for an apartment trying to find
a way to be in LA and after searching
and searching and searching I have
finally found an apartment and I'm
moving to LA today as you guys can see I
packed up all my stuff even though
that's not all of it but that's mostly
my clothes and some stuff in there and
my World Heavyweight Championship belt
and we're going man one of the
advantages of living in California is
that LA is only five hours from the bay
driving and it's an hour flight so even
though I'm leaving back to LA and I'm
moving back to LA I still don't feel
like I'm leaving too far from home so as
much as I'm gonna miss being here and my
family and everything if I want to
further my career in the entertainment
industry and do bigger things in just
YouTube I have to be in LA so that's the
reason why I'm going like I said
yesterday I skinned my haircut to edit
yesterday's vlog and I'm just trying to
taking like a like a five minute
breather I know cuz there's like so much
to do like I can't even take like I'm
only taking my car so I can only fit
like 10 of these shoe shelves and well I
probably could fit all of them but I
prefer to only take ten of them and I'll
probably buy some out there starting to
move this stuff this is gonna be the
hardest challenge right here
I just hope none of these crack like on
the way like if I hit a bump oh my god I
gotta do some cleaning look at this shit
look at this
now let's go over here and watch giant
hand Oh watch out watch out yeah BAM
ninety percent shoes in here crazy but I
made it work and look how organized it
is we out here
time to go shower up hit the road baby
I'm lucky because I had an extra
mattress but when I used to live in LA
so I'm just using that thing I just need
to buy a bed frame when I get out there
quick trip to Ikea and Costco tomorrow
and I should be settled in man all right
guys so we have officially hit the road
as you can see my car is jam-packed with
everything we are leaving I went through
that face when I was packing everything
I'm like girl I'm really about to leave
again it crossed my mind and then I said
you know what this is exciting this is a
new chapter again this is a new start
this is the last chance this is the one
this is where it has to happen man I'm
literally putting all my chips on the
table here going in I'm checking in
during the fourth quarter and taking the
last shot right now so wish me luck guys
I hope you guys enjoy this basically
this is a new journey a new vlog chapter
this is everything so I'm super excited
for this and I cannot wait
so let's hit this freakin Road and let's
get this shit started but first I need
to eat so I'm gonna go get some Chipotle
but I want to tell you guys this song
has been stuck on my in my mind and I've
been playing it non-stop for the past Oh
with that compliment I'm in love with
the song and I have to give credit to
the man who put me onto it mr. Joe Walla
so guys y'all we played it in his new
video and I downloaded it and I loved it
alright guys this next song I got a
dedicated to Harris since I am leaving
the bay because I'm gonna see him as
much but you'll still see him but I got
a dedicate to to get dedicate this to
him for although I was right I got a
dedicated series for always being there
for me
behind me all these lights they can't
blind me with your love nobody can drag
me nobody can drag me down alright guys
we are about to enter highway 5 which is
like the one road that just takes you
straight to LA and this is pretty much
when you into this road there's no
turning back I mean you can exit and
turn back but this is like the digital -
you know look at that man look at that
dust right there you see that black spot
in my lens how does that happen how does
dust get in my camera man how do I take
that out man
I'm pissed now that it's a new start
it's a new chapter new beginnings I
think it's only right to restart my diet
so starting this point I am no longer
gonna eat junk food the diet starts now
nah but seriously man as you guys know
and you guys always call me out before
it I do have some bad habits one of the
main ones is learning how to diet or
dieting in general I have learned how to
diet I didn't really get up until I went
to Vegas in September and then after
that it just went downhill from there I
kind of just fell off and I've been just
going back and forth from the beta le as
you guys know so it's been hectic for me
to like be in a stable place and having
stable groceries and things like that so
now that I'm doing this thing we should
get back on track tomorrow I need to go
get a gym membership tomorrow I got to
go to Ikea tomorrow I got to go to
Target tomorrow gotta go to Costco
tomorrow tomorrow's gonna be a long day
we gotta get it out I do have a roommate
and they mention that so I'm moving in
with someone who I'm not gonna talk
about or put on camera yet because I
don't know if they're comfortable with
that so I'm not going to introduce
anybody new to you guys I'm not even
sure how he feels about me putting the
apartment in the vlog obviously my room
is gonna be
so I could show you guys my room and
stuff but it's all I need to talk to him
and see how he feels about doesn't
camera stuff and all of that stuff so
we'll figure that out
and a lot of people might be wondering
oh I did get a roommate why don't you
get your own place men I just feel like
as long as I'm out there man I will
sleep on a freakin couch if I have to in
a freaking house that has a million
people because I just need to be in LA
to make these dreams come true to grind
to hustle to make power moves you know
what I'm saying so right now I got a
roommate I just need to be in LA maybe a
year from now maybe couple months from
now I'll be in a better position to
where I'll get my own place and things
like that man
so that man world where's the belt world
champion battle baby all right guys so
I'm at this stop right now about an hour
away from LA this is called the what
it's called but it's an hour away from
LA there's like an outlet mall here I
saw some little pod things it was weird
I want to go see what they are it's like
you just parked your car and do like
what do you do there
this is for gas there's a car chillin
right there
oh is this energy of okay reserved for
Tesla's okay you charge your Tesla I
guess here I was interested to see what
that was so I drove over here but I'm
really tempted to get something from
McDonald's now like I said I'm starting
my diet tomorrow so I probably shouldn't
and I think I'm gonna control myself and
not oh man old man mini thali video
crazy even though of me all the time
it's the seat is so weird to me right
now
so in two
alright guys so it is the day after I
literally just woke up so I look like
crap my hair's in 50 different
directions and I'm ready to show you
guys my room here so here is the first
look of my new bedroom I mean there's
nothing really I could show you guys
right now because my bed's obviously
doesn't have a bed frame but I have a
comfortable mattress I got a few of my
shoeboxes gossip shoes oh dude my life
for filming my towels I'm gonna go buy
everything I need today look at my view
guys
well not it's my favorite thing you can
see the LA city's view right there just
a beautiful neighborhood construction
you know
it's still man I love it here man I got
a good night's sleep already so yeah man
I'm sorry this block was in a super
super exciting and how I'm always saying
that but I've got a lot to do today I
woke up late because I went to sleep
late but let's get it started man day
one in LA has officially started to die
I started life I started man
oh it's so tired maybe this would be a
little better but just looking at this
view
just fucking motivates me so I'm ready
to go man today is not gonna be a grind
more day I'm just gonna settle there and
go get hangers go get a table go get see
how much a bed frame cost go get towels
everything I need to buy everything
today's gonna be just like the move-in
day so tomorrow will be the first
official our first official grind Monday
all right love you guys thank you guys
for watching thank you for following me
on this new journey that I'm starting
let's get a big thumbs up just for that
baby just for you guys cuz I drew it out
to dream cool without you guys I
wouldn't be here I wouldn't be motivated
to keep going man this is this is crazy
man I can't even believe I did this but
I love you guys man hope you guys have a
great day have a great great time in
life I don't know what I'm saying
anymore map asleep so I'll talk to you
guys tomorrow
peace out cuckoo my new desired vlog
camera it's freakin amazing quality is a
one focuses a one so
