how's it going everybody welcome to
another day in LA with me as you guys
can see I'm in my rental car I'm living
life I'm using my phone again to vlog
because I my log camera chargers back
home in the bay but I'm going back home
to the bay tonight I got a line of eight
o'clock flight out of Long Beach so yeah
so you'll get the good quality vlogs
again tomorrow yeah man let's get this
day started I got some big news and I'm
going to tell you guys about in
tomorrow's vlog so thanks for patiently
waiting cuz i know i mentioned it and
mentioned it in yesterday's vlog so it's
a couple day process you know what I'm
saying hurry up man I hate these la
drivers they keep the city slow okay
look at the camera not the freaking
screen nice honk horn doesn't even work
that's too late now should have this
Rory shout out to off my ride around our
re alright guys so i just want to remind
you guys cuz i have told you about this
before but if anybody wants to get a
free uber ride up to twenty dollars all
you gotta do is use my uber code which
is uber qop you get yourself a free ride
and when you use it i get a free ride to
so obviously i'm getting something out
of it i'm not gonna lie to you guys and
be like yo I'm just doing this for your
benefit hell no I get a free ride too so
when y'all use a free ride I get a free
ride so I'm trying to stack up my free
rides and take care of y'all so make
sure you guys use that code if you're
out and you know you're under the
influence or maybe you're just lazy you
don't want to drive use the code to get
a free ride it's like your own personal
chauffeur I'm not getting paid to say
this guy's I'm just kidding free ride so
yeah
you want to get a free ride rubric EOP
is the way to go man love you guys all
right i'm driving right now I gotta keep
my eyes on the road and stop put this
phone away okay right so guys I was
literally at starbucks for the last two
hours taking care of some emails and
stuff and I'm really down I don't know
why I feel like I have no energy or
whatever but going back home in two
hours you know actually like four hours
but I gotta head towards the airport
check out my whip this time there's no
soccer mum but I'll sake of automobile
but they gave me a nice little red dang
dang oh sorry about the bad camera angle
this phone is slippery as shit um anyway
the sliding is on fleek too anyway I
better go walk at the best vodka like I
like literally like 20 minutes to kill
and then I gotta go home and then I
gotta go home I'm gonna go home oh you
feel me alright guys it's go to bestbuy
so this right here is my new desired
vlog camera it's freaking amazing
quality is a one focuses a one so
definitely need to invest in this thing
oh they have an open box one from seven
hundred and fifty nine dollars
yeah that's actually kind of tempting
right now best buy regular price is 949
darlin so no camera for me today I just
prefer to have a brand new one rather
than somebody else's return to aversion
it's just how am I don't know what's
wrong with me I should be smart and try
to get to save the most money but I mean
my vlog camera the real one not this
phone is freaking it's amazing it just
has a little dust on the inside I don't
know how to take it out or clean it if
anybody knows how i can do that or can
send me like a video link like tweet me
how to clean the inside lens of your
camera or something that would be dope
anyway about to head towards the airport
because I have no idea what else to do
and yeah man that's right here and
excited to go get a haircut when I go
back home and this day enjoy these
things are coming in choppers you have
to clean up this side the top is fine
because it's already a little long so
let's do that so I'm back at the airport
in long beach california this Airport is
so small and it's so dope like it looks
like a boat first of all I think they
have a boat restaurant at the top that
the rental car place is literally across
the street from the airport I don't know
if you can hear me because it was planes
flying in there's no walkways you gotta
you gotta when you enter the plane you
walk into the plane you don't take the
little ramp and I had some trouble with
my rental car but I got to contact the
manager tomorrow but anyway we about to
board this jet blue you know you phone
me take care of business and whatnot so
shout out to the plug man
all right as you guys
we roll it into the front we won't roll
into the back actually
there's no walkway here so you just go
to the back of the plane they're just as
long beach
and this is how they do it in
I hope you did good
I'll see you inside back home back back
to life the shoes IAM is back the shoes
are back I've got a package I need to
open might do that right now it's used
to call me on my cell phone you know
cover this light right here first of all
a big shout out to hundreds because they
sent me this but I paid for it so China
honey damn switched it up to point now
about to show you guys i just realized i
can use this camera now so let's get
back to it sticker set i already opened
it is that well as is that ok so just
take a look at these this one's like
this one's doe this one's dope as hell
dope as hell this one's amazing i
already showed you guys all these ones
okay and then let's get to the shirts
check out the tag this is some premium
shit back to the hundreds I don't want
to read all this but y'all can
screenshot it and read it if you want
and then look at this shirt let me put
the camera over here so you can see
and I got my name okay Harris ordered
this in black and he's pissed because
his sleeves don't have this this is the
hundreds back to the hundreds design
this is the front this is the back long
sleeve I love long sleeve teams for the
winter and then this one got the
DeLorean on the front and then on the
back of you got the timer it's freaking
60 shout out to hunters back to the
future they did it Bo collab so i'm
gonna click this camera on charging i'm
I talk to you on a meaning so today is
the next day you hear the people clean
okay that's important guys as I've been
telling you tomorrow's vlog is got some
big news in it you're gonna see a whole
lot of little hints in the background
but literally running 500 miles per hour
right now trying to upload videos trying
to edit this vlog I literally cancelled
my haircut appointment which I
desperately need it so i can edit this
vlog and upload it for you guys i just
uploaded crew kicks and I know it's not
the best video it's another filler which
the fillers are just gonna interview
Harris and I just throw one of those in
there when I don't have time to post a
different or film a different video so I
had to throw in another filler but
tomorrow I'm gonna try my best to film
the OVO collection video so I'm sure you
get everything it's gonna be the first
video on crew kicks that's not sneaky
related will have my OV O's in there but
it's going to show you all the OVO
merchandise i have so i hope you guys
are excited for that other than that man
um yeah I just posted the filler which
is Harris the interview and we hit 34
thousand subscribers on crew cake so
shout-out to 34,000 of you guys who are
subscribed to that channel and crew TV
let's see how many subscribers we are
away from a hundred thousand because
that's creeping up on us and we didn't
even know it stick it had to be like
part one hit a million views this
morning crazy man we just get numbers
right now
it right 87,000 let's try to get 90,000
by what to us today by the end of the
month three thousand subscribers on
trutv by the end of the month I really
think we can hit it man all you guys got
to do is spread love positive energy
everywhere tell your friends about it
tell your friends friends about it let's
get this crew going man um what else man
okay all I know is that I'm I've got so
much to do so little time so tomorrow's
vlog you guys will find out what's going
on in my life all right I'll talk to you
guys tomorrow I have a good day
