greetings earthlings
how are ya welcome to another episode of
where those where are those alright guys
so I'm feeling like Jamie right now I
got all kinds of moods he posted his
first selfie on Instagram yesterday as
you see yeah he's damn exposed I woke up
late so my phone died last night so my
alarm didn't go off so I miss my haircut
I woke up because this guy's was banging
on my door I thought it was a package I
go downstairs and I see him through my
people there was a package Oy
Harris came to come come for an hour
when our boys and before you know our
boys hey bruh by designer okay so it's
with what time is it 12 I live in 53
this is what we're eating right now and
yes guys this is a hundred percent
pepperoni this is pork I'm just kidding
if this be pepperoni and you know you
gotta have the ranch Fitch I want my
damn ATM card Caitlyn Jenner shout-out
to Caitlyn they see you fam posted up in
the bay with the bait when I get the new
blonde camera you're gonna have
I like this one so whatever you do
something you
let's see what kind of ventures years
ago you will make out bro no do it so
weird
oh shit loaded waterfall kick game you
for bringing out today here's LeBron
eight Christmas you know Christmas in
October you'd even gonna give him a
chance to see your Halloween shoes
you're already going to Christmas
Halloween Taliban I have a conspiracy
theory that on Halloween is gonna be a
terror attack looked and drink called it
because Halloween Calvin shoutout to JP
you guys already saw me do the review on
these the dubnation ones are a team you
know I really like that color
the going guy Steve like you the same
quality is like oh yeah this is not
remastered family I like the color way
though I love this song it's so dumb I
hate all these bootleg companies trying
to make this easy Kanye for president oh
my god you know he's actually running I
thought it was a joke but he's actually
running what's in here
hey what up guys so Harris left
I just got ready I wasn't able to get a
freaking haircut so I just like cleaned
up my own little neck and now I'm going
to my little cousin I mean my cousin
Arvin's baby's birthday so a little Ava
whoo you guys whoo you guys have seen
before it's turning one the big one so
we're gonna go celebrate we got a little
Alice in Wonderland themed birthday
party I believe I'm not dressed for the
occasion but others will be so um I'm
excited and I think I'm gonna have one
of my little cousins actually start
pranking people in my family so I need
to buy a microphone because I'm gonna do
a I'm gonna do what Jimmy Kimmel did on
the streets where he went up to people
and he said don't talk in the microphone
for $10 and it was pretty funny so I'm
gonna do that I think but anyway after
the birthday party I got a flight to Los
Angeles so it's gonna be a hectic few
with this vlog itself is already hectic
but it's gonna be a hectic day so let's
go ahead and continue it man because
it's freaking hot tennis AC on man
ladies and gentlemen the following
contest is scheduled for one fall and it
is for the world sorry
so I just got this $10 mic from Target
shout out the target $10 mic who is
calling me at this time on my dad's
college hockey and cussed me out hello
all the way to the birthday oh god me I
had to I was running late I had to get a
haircut all right well I'm leaving to LA
tonight yeah for just two days so I'm
going to a wrestling I'm going to a
wrestling show yeah my friend
my friend you don't know yeah my friend
guy all right guys we got the grand
entrance over here what's up late
birthday girl
I haven't looked at my phone my phone is
dead this oh my god what the hell hey
meet us meet up I got a question for you
guys though
what are those you're like halfway there
you know you get a pass I get a pass I
don't know where are they from
oh shit what about you what do you got
shit now you bar those from your mom
what's up man
somehow you see the winner in both
collection
the other side of your hair Gopal you
looking for a wife he's ready man look
at this these two right here they're a
couple remember that vlog there are you
guys in a fight right now or what Hot
Dog on a Stick can I get out let me take
it please
can I get a number four please is there
security to get this guy away from me so
we're gonna start this don't talk into
the mic and win five dollars prank and I
only have five dollars it should be ten
dollars but I only have a five dollar
bill so hopefully nobody wins cuz I only
have my dollars cash so I might have to
borrow please gentlemen we're here at
Ava's first birthday gonna ask people to
be quiet and not say anything on the
microphone and then they get $5.00 don't
talk into the mic and win $5.00
you love talking to this mic and
don't talk into the mic if you want to
win $5 you understand the rules you
understand the rules
but then I get me going for these dollar
I will cut into the mic all right don't
talk into the mic and win five dollars
you know the ropes you understand the
ropes
you don't talk into the mic and win
$5.00
applause
I hate you hey don't talk into the mic
and you win five dollars okay okay you
understand the rules
in the video don't talk into the mic and
went $5
the jobs are
don't talk into the mic and win $5 okay
I'll talk into the mic and win $5
yeah
don't talk in the mic and even $5 we
watch that video there's you don't talk
in the mic and you in five dollars or
five dollars I have to
well then they don't they in the mine
could you add $5
no she lost don't say anything you win
$5 you understand the rule
Wow you're like five minutes late go do
right here
thank everyone for coming out
sup guys so I'm currently at SFO San
Francisco International Airport but
aboard this flight to Long Beach I just
literally just left a family party at
left Davis birthday and came straight
here I didn't even go home I had my bags
with me and we're gonna get on this
plane blur a Long Beach Long Beach pick
up the rental car I'm gonna drive an
hour from the Long Beach Airport and I'm
going at Six Flags so I'm going to Six
Flags or nine so I think it's called a
haunted for nights or something like
that
so it should be cool and I'm super
excited I look I look hella bulky right
now cuz this backpack even though I'm
not shout out there's a lady that works
at the store over here she gave me a
belt but she ain't give it to me I
bought it for 30 bucks but I needed a
belt my pants were sagging switched up
the easies went to the black pair I
don't really like the way it looks with
these jeans but whatever item I'm gonna
get on this plane right and I'll feed
again out late so we made it to Long
Beach and this is by far one of the
sexiest besides Hawaii one of the
sexiest airports like palm trees outdoor
so don't I love it it just brings you
into that SoCal environment piling and
piling and pop you guys you're gonna
hate me I'm like 15 minutes away from
Six Flags and my vlog camera is blinking
that it's gonna die so I don't think I'm
gonna take it in because what's the
point of me filming for like two minutes
and
I have to carry this thing around so I'm
not gonna take it in I'm gonna try to
vlog with my phone but it's gonna be
super dark so I'm gonna try my best when
there's lighting to vlog for you guys so
hopefully the next scene is me inside
Six Flags alright sup y'all so Six Flags
was cool
it's already 4 a.m. how's it going boss
it's 4:10 a.m. we left sick site that
debris we've got a special guest in the
building ladies and gentlemen
- tongue are you doing better get going
that's right now yeah either the yes
knee can hit all of a sudden why I'm
fighting my own fire kicks channels oh
yeah subscribe fire kicks fire cakes
P sub resource and all views on trees
all community every so shoot I want to
get what dr. cool did you Cup supreme I
got a size 14 but then I got some
sources to drop it so who's your sources
well good download all the videos from
guys I don't know why but we got a dozen
freaking Donuts we're only gonna eat
like probably like three of them tonight
actually my fat ass probably gonna have
like five all right guys we just went in
on 90% of the donuts right now we left
all the nasty ones so if you guys want
the donut
comment down below we're gonna send it
out always do a review because I did a
review last time all right we're gonna
special edition kicks fire it's a collab
we're gonna do a review everybody called
she's fake everybody said in the
comments but you gotta say to them I
gonna say I never wear the fakes but
with the sneakers fake though no right
cakes flowers alright alright guys so
we're gonna be reviewing some doughnuts
right now which one do you wanna do I'm
gonna do this okay go I'll do the clings
alright guys so basically we got this
shout out - what's the name of the place
we got this one Lucky's donut Lucky's
donuts in to town o segundo you see
you've got the double cushion right here
it kind of looks like a cheeseburger and
then you can see the thickness of the
chocolate cream on top it's really not a
smooth texture you can see some texture
over there and it creates more of a
optical illusion so that's the chocolate
overall I give it a 7 out of 10 so I'm
gonna do this none this
the shitter lows so this is what we got
the sugar of those right here yeah you
guys can see the pull-tab is laced with
the new fly net notice in the sugar I
don't know something over here this is a
good support
you just got a from eating good support
like this and once again this has a
power boost cushioning as you guys can
see double cushioning right here and new
technology coming this white thing is
called laser print shout-out to the
retros aids thermos cops now do you
think that this doughnut is hyped
because Kanye was eating it last week I
think that it was high even before that
because you know who is doing it fine
cakes see you had it on yeah alright
guys if you guys enjoyed our doughnut
reviews I just know what you guys think
down below in the comment section make
sure you guys drop a thumbs up and
definitely make sure you guys click that
subscribe button
we're almost at 100k subscribers so more
donut reviews coming soon
any last words
I have four I have three that I need to
give away in this vlog alone so these
are the first three right here the KDS
and the spray the spray no I'll call
these the golden
