let's see if we are still waiting oh
wait oh yeah we're still a supreme
supreme the Supreme jordan 5 just come
out on the internet but I wait I don't
even know why I'm wait for size 13 this
is ridiculous I don't even like these
shoes but if i copy i might trade them
for a shattered backboards what's up
guys as you guys can tell because those
are coming out right now um it is
actually friday so i'm uploading this
the same damn filming because i didn't
vlog yesterday why did vlog but i
deleted it I didn't like it was bored I
didn't do anything but I'm out of breath
on a wide strap stairs i was too i want
to go to the bathroom to run it back up
to see if i got these shoes but i don't
think i'm gonna get it i don't care um
but anyway i'm picking up the vlog
camera just so i can not miss a day and
i don't have to do a sneaker giveaway
and i'm really surprised that none of
you guys have brought up the sneaker
giveaways usually when i forget to do
something you guys are on my butt but
you guys haven't said anything so i'm
gonna remind you and my hair looks
retarded getting a haircut tomorrow
don't even worry i prepared all the
shoes now there's three levels right now
level one which is the regular these are
the first few shoes n imma give away
level two are a little better and that's
going to be a second set of shoes i give
away and level three is like the elite
so this right here are the first few
shoes i'm going to give away I've got
these spray-painted gold jordan 5 size
12 don't ask me why I have these in my
collection they are real I just
spray-painted them they were fire red
5's i spray-painted them gold because
i'm an idiot and i don't know why they
were in my collection but i'm gonna give
those away first I got these KD fours
Easter's I used to hoop in these are a
size nine and a half size 10 these are
size 10 Cirie how they hold its eternal
I can't answer that nobody touched you
with the hell oh ok so
KDE stairs size 10 they're a little beat
up but i'm going to give those away next
I have four I have three that I need to
give away in this vlog alone so these
are the first three right here the kds
and the spray the spray I'll call these
the gold medal jordan 5s next up are
these skate highs i think they call it
these vans so i'm gonna give these away
these are size all the people that are
size 10 are going to get really lucky
this is a size size us 10 okay so those
and then you got these Tiffany colored
flying it's that's going to be my next
one and then these this is the next
level so after I miss enough logs to
give away all these I'm going to move on
to these which are some cole Haans some
lebrons low liverpool's Harris is going
to kill me for giving these away but I
mean I gotta do what I gotta do some
Oreo fly nets the original ones out the
2-point nose and then this is the elite
which is like my coby Christmases my
other Kobe Christmases wait All Stars I
mean All Stars Christmases and that my
nikeid live on 12 grammy-inspired if you
guys want to win the gold size 12 the
KDE stirs or the skate highs I need you
guys to do this comment in this comment
section down below tell me why you think
I should choose you as the winner make
it funny tell me why you deserve the
shoe maybe there might be a kid that's a
size 10 who really needs a hoop shoe you
might get pic I don't know and then this
is a size 12 so if you're not a size 12
our size 10 I mean leave it for somebody
does want it and I'm going to choose the
person who I think deserves the shoe the
most so size 10 for the skates size 10
for these size 12 for these so just
these three do not mention these because
i'm not giving these away do not ask for
any of these because i'm only going off
of these three right here so write in
the comments why you think i should pick
you and then also include your twitter
name if you don't have a twitter i'm
sorry but it include your twitter name
and then um
don't put the WWE com just put the at
and then your twitter name and then also
put where you're from because I gotta
know where you're from because
unfortunately i'm not going to shift
these internationally i'm only going to
do this for the US and canada so only if
you if you're in US and you're in canada
those are the only people in countries
i'm going to send it to so yeah man
other than that don't DM me don't tweet
me to ask you to give you the shoes it's
all going to be handled through the
comment section because this giveaways
for the people who watch the vlogs not
for the Twitter followers not for the
Instagram followers not for the snapchat
followers this is for the vlog followers
so that's a sneaker giveaway and ah look
at this out of stock of course you are I
can't remember when's the last time I
actually got something off nike bread a
kiosk um another thing I wanted to talk
about was men shout out to the 30,000
screw kick subscribers were almost at 32
I believe or we hit 32 thousand
subscribers I'm trying to hit forty
thousand by the end of this month which
is like eight days away I don't know if
it's going to happen i'm going to need
to produce some dope content in order to
make that happen so got to make some
power moves i will be in la again this
weekend for Helen to sell so if you're a
WWE fan and you're going to be at hell
in the cell say what's up to the world
champ do you guys know I'm trying to get
a new vlog camera to the one that Roman
Atwood uses because he's like my
favorite bloggers I just love his
quality and this camera here pisses me
off because it focuses on the background
too much um so we can say oh yeah so
when I do get a new camera this one I'm
going to give to Harris so everyone's
every now and again Harris is going to
blog whenever he does something exciting
in his day so that you guys can actually
keep up with them too because I know a
lot of you guys say you only watch the
vlogs for Harris because you don't like
me so he'll have the vlog Cameron and
every once in a while he'll be added
into the vlog and it will be like a
back-and-forth type of thing so if
you're excited for that drop a thumbs up
for Harris he wants his damn ATM card I
think that's all I really need to tell
you guys I'm gonna be filming some main
channel videos when i get to LA
this weekend going to hell in a cell um
meeting with a few potential apartment
our roommates and things like that I
mean I think that's it man I think
that's gonna be it for today's vlog I'll
be back with a new vlog tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be a dope day for me as
well oh I think I'm gonna upload a video
on monday because i think my WWE hell in
the cell reaction I'm going to make a
reaction video at hell in the cell i
think i'm gonna upload that to the main
channel on monday so let me know if you
guys think I should do that or you think
I should wait until Sunday thumbs up if
you think i should upload that to the
main channel on monday let's see if we
could get like 3000 thumbs up if you
guys think I should just leave it for
sunday next sunday then don't thumbs up
obviously but that will make you guys
wait a week so I don't see why we
couldn't get 3000 thumbs up right okay
let's make it happen I love you guys
thank you guys for watching me talk for
ten minutes 11 minutes and five seconds
I'm gonna go get my day started edit
this vlog and it's hot I'm out of here
shout out to the news crew website late
hi so it's a prank fam look
