okay first off undies King for the day
I love these I'm so happy I got these
shots off to the load table Bret Lowe's
amazing shoe and then as you guys
remember I welded my level board
yesterday and let's test it out I did
test it out earlier and I know the
results but I just want to share it with
my beautiful beautiful dream cool family
I did add some duct tape for extra
security but unfortunately it didn't
work as you guys can see the well broke
off I mean it doesn't hit the floor
anymore which is good but it's still
like really low to the ground like it's
barely grazing it so I can't really
write it and on top of that it's even
more stiff now so definitely I need a
new one at OSHA oh there you go
let's hit in the ground now hi Petey
sweet no bye guys so we finally made up
here II signed his contract with the
crew he's back from the future
Harry McFly so what did you do at
exactly 429 when Nike didn't do anything
I put my shoes on
oh so you confident what are those those
are the what are those mags that's gonna
leave a mark about something so is it
you're just Nike mad cuz I've always
called them here mad Nike Air Max but on
the official thing everywhere it says
only imagine the thinker and the note
wrote I called it the era sorry I have
to add air in there well maybe they're
not allowed to hear anymore of them why
the back of the shoe those heel part
right here this is air mattress in the
back wheel
I don't know guys I've never watched
Back to the Future did I say that in the
yeah you said you're gonna watch them in
Madison's
hey I didn't this target was sold out so
I still haven't seen it take my DVDs him
but he was right so you guys watch the
whole prediction thing Harris said that
he thinks are gonna auction it off can't
be wrong guys hashtags can't be wrong do
your research kids yeah anyway we're at
Chili's are now about to go in Harris
just got off of work and we're gonna
start filming sneakerheads to be like
part 4 yeah there's an air that came
from I think kinkajou side is it
that's where I saw them
what's up money Mukesh damn show them
the hoverboard get that clean shot right
there yeah but you gotta say the snakes
in town it's too many family watch out
when he country grassman there's a snake
in my boot there's a snake so we're
about to start filming go get a film
right here so guys as you remember I
didn't vlog when we were in Vegas but
Harris did beat me for the championship
yes
so today I'm cashing it yeah it's all
yours
holy oh cute SheiKra protect shot
perfect fit this is like way more than
you do that they send me way more than I
need to shut out the crap metamer
shoutout to uh and this thank you so
much and then this was for sure gonna be
worn at the midnight premiere oh yeah no
no yeah I like the wipes under Lisa and
since I owe her a pair of Stan Sox who
like jacked his so I just give him that
one to look like I get a championship
match never bring it so we're gonna try
to use this crepes pray for the first
time for the video and damn I look you
just give away what we're gonna do but
cleaning speakers with Harris hey
everyone today well you need this you
need a jumbo hotdog good okay you need a
crepe microfiber towel creeper cut I was
calling you crepe the other day I was so
upset your fat ass I want it all doesn't
crave munchies okay I love majority of
my cleaning utensils went into the foam
but let's see get put some water or
something same thing a part of the brush
what dude you just have to wipe it why
are you trying to do all that you're so
cool no I mean just like wipe it down
and get the dirt off like a quick wipe
you know if they're actually cleaning
this this thing already have on it
this is why we don't get videos done
this because this guy I'm just kidding
might as well just be cleaning sneakers
with cars step number two is to shake
the bottle and then spray no wait 10
minutes shake the spray and then wait 10
minutes
shake shake shake there's just really
good at this motion but I'm gonna do it
for him alright Harris is gonna apply
this spray right now crap we were our
sneakers okay first coat one ratio I
wish I had those you feel like you're
 up the shoe huh know what the
food was a prank it's a spray that makes
you feel that's a series set along for
ten minutes babe thanks babe don't talk
too much me you just take it easy I'm
for sure gonna use this stuff for nigger
in New York what do you know
can't say I'll see you there
yeah Nordia 48 oh thank you 72 that's
the first and now we wait 10 minutes
samurai bow sanitary is that
anything else would be on sanitize I
don't anything else would be uncivilized
I've only watched it he is his easy
video because I was so salty and I
didn't get you so well yeah
drum roll please
no no coutdown stick a straight thanks
okay so it's been more than ten minutes
but here we go
just got a freaking win and took a
shower gonna do the second coat
test one y'all here we go it worked but
just water going my no really no
water within the holes what up what I
was afraid of it's so try feel it that's
not the first time I've stuck something
on T this is the first thing you ever
stuck your hand and I was dry alright so
it was a success let's start shooting
shoutout to k-e where we wear our
hotdogs you dog spam Harris everybody's
been missing you fam when you gotta say
to the team Harris I miss you guys here
I love you guys thanks for all the love
and support don't worry I'm gonna get
him back to the bay like like if you
wanna save us y'all can't be doing this
they get 5,000 but I'm gonna break that
rule six thousand six thousand maybe I
think about it out stains invade hashtag
couch seasons well you come to LA we get
more exciting vlogs so that's like once
or twice a month yeah once or twice a
month I will come out to LA special
occasions what not so even even when I'm
in the Bay I only see once a week like
here's it literally in the Bronco and
once a week unless you go on the trip so
you not do the dab like yeah there you
go how do you use go yeah it's gotta get
it ready and somewhat this is how it
started someone like was supposed to do
the whip like this was who the whip but
then I didn't know what they're supposed
to do and then you just cover like
Alyssa the quad
the rock is the best hair is really
wearing the universal mags all day
damn how come you only lighting up that
foot huh really lighting up that foot
this is the one guys yeah battery boys
anyway guys as if we weren't bad enough
we're going to get some dessert from
BJ's do it I really hate I'm starting to
really hate this camera it really
focuses on the back too much and the
dust is on the inside and there's a
drought in California so they don't be
filling up these little things with
water but we're ready to get some
bazookas right fam yeah you're not gonna
happen are gonna eat you know
come on family oh I think I'm basedgod
everything for the Mormon Jimmy Kimmel
lion pool bungee puns and the power T
power strapping seeing Adam solace on
cuz it may hear me I'm right here I'm
right I love that intro show I'm sorry
what do you got to say to watch us
he called you out on the court
four words mr. hua ji West just wait on
it I believe that that I know price
isn't on my side
that's okay I love a challenge I've been
challenged my whole life I like it so
yeah we caught up with Wadi after his
game last week and we asked him what his
thoughts on you he said it's something
for the kids dude he got to say to that
Oh always something for the kids are
selling for the dogs you don't want to
be you know racist towards one one side
or whatnot but I'm always some time for
the kids anything about off its
political views on everything he is a
great heart I don't know where's the
next question where's mocha mocha was
last seen walking to class in Westwood
what about Jaime Jaime
he's a celebrity now big time yeah I
heard he got promoted I heard him in
Kalani are going on a date that's right
swag is insert picture
high-speed that pictures pretty funny
swag is he's disappeared he's
disappeared he went back to the future
guys oh so that's what happened at 4:29
unfortunately striving back to the
future
poor Tony G or 429 420 blaze it my 420
blaze it
come on your donuts are please knows
right when you get we're getting dessert
420 blazes up
zooming you know my face No
put up step
stop I'm not gonna use this video yet
it's so slow look at this somebody come
look at this angles I'm going in yo bro
the disrespect I can't deal with people
like I'm gonna cut a ball the ball
every day I'm just videotaping you
novella quiet hey guys I freaking love
these shoes if you ever considered
getting bread loaves and you're not sure
get them because you're sleeping and
these are freaking amazing just look at
that nike air pumping out at you
BAM young target in this bitch wait
where's the gfm young Tara at you don't
target was that you don't target with my
my assistant right now he's junior
target today young cart that's your name
cuz I'm the target you to card damn look
at all these carts on deck see your
cards you know one time off I have a
part sorry
hold hard hey Irish artists keep the
real I have a village oh you never
started you find us let me fit you out
right now it's how you fit all right
guys welcome to Kai's West quad us but I
fit out my boy Harris MTV coming to my
grill happy so today we're gonna pimp
your body oh look at those freaking okay
we're gonna go ahead to Toby we gonna
get them a dope fit something that he
can wear no that's your old outfit we're
gonna go to the new
these are goggles right no no no look at
that one
yes
is it our - yeah oh yeah yeah yeah dude
are we really gonna watch it at least we
got to make that a big deal it's gonna
be we're gonna be gather that's enough
if you guys can think of like a Star
Wars video we can make like a prank or
something that is no because we really
we wanted to do back to future one but
what if we can hover board bro yeah that
was the reason why we didn't do it cuz
it broke it's not Hershel dude this is
like straight even okay here's this is
the I'm wearing one of these shirts bro
the black you can't go wrong with the
black but I like the olive green I have
the olive - okay now we're not gonna do
layers huh look that looks so dope bro
it's all about the simple we're not
gonna get your pants cuz you got some
dope pants so basically that's it just
the t-shirt yeah but this is actually
dope food looks good what do you mean
yours is like right here I'm just like
that's all
no no it's pretty tall just dude see if
hairs has hands catch dare
I don't know what that means because
we're getting an exclusive exclusive
look at what Harris uses on his underarm
area how I stay so dry and hashtag nope
it's game it's a prank fam look look
there's a hidden camera right here
epic target prank I'm gonna what
is it called clickbait I'm gonna click
bait the crap out this vlog for you
people that complain yeah
it's not like I'm putting stuff that's
not end up like it there's stuff in the
thing it's called good marketing I'm
trying to build the audience guys trying
to gain subscribers guys different
people to talk to in the comments of a
business point of view like they did the
smartest thing you could do you don't
recall me to do clickbait Timothy
DeLaGhetto really you said that's how he
got me oh he puts baddies on every
single one here you want to click bait
case really come to Fremont yo what up
guys so Harris guys so okay this game
just came from busy man we got the Star
Wars pants oh my start work for it on to
you but this is why guys are moving to
LA okay
do you know so I'm not gonna see Harris
for a month guys it's gonna be a month
without him please for every day that
you don't see me give me a light I just
can't a second of you know it's yeah
I'll see him to speak Wow yeah say you
see look look it focuses like it's
focusing on your ugly balls and cuz
you're doing your scream hold it okay
bitch I want my damn ATM card okay
you're back I just want to do the wise
hairs blogging pop my damn ATM card any
last words I love you guys fun day I'm
hope you guys are ready for a sinker
head to be like par 4 it's gonna be
hilarious
we only film one scene today happen to
slice my stuff he told me that he's
gonna film is gonna be good
gay guys gonna love it make sure you
guys share it and just let us know how
how much you think you got the aromatics
man you tell me all right guys it's it
for today how many thumbs up should they
get for this vlog since it's our reunion
it's been like a week and a half
1937-38 1738 guys 1000 1738 likes if it
gets more or less than that dude one guy
is gonna get that much either one guys
it'll be a dick and hit it up to go
17:39 no we can't leave it at that if we
get some more like that's okay but we
want to try to get it at the as the
thing so but when he gets
Wow hello spike yeah ice why I'm moving
Taylor you guys
sweet think Terris shallow JP for what I
told my hover barking at the hoverboard
that's it
alright guys talk to you later it's good
seeing you guys
haha that's grazing you guys think so
much I hope see you guys this is when no
pinellia guys how are you looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming down from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voice
