you know what happened man my grandma
calls me say maybe you work too hard
don't worry you forget about me so for
all my crew kicks viewers I got a
question for you guys one do you guys
want to see me show you guys my Air
Jordan one collection because I
obviously I have the most Jordans I have
are the Air Jordan ones it's not the
most but I have a few so let me know if
you guys want to see that on crew kicks
next week
- would you guys like when I would you
guys like if I did a first impression
videos like for instance the Kyrie 2
images just leaked but you guys like to
hear my thoughts about the image and
make a whole video about that and let
you know what I think of the shoe thus
far before seeing them in hanoar do you
think I should just wait till I get them
in hand and do a review on them let me
know what you guys think your your your
opinions are definitely or what you want
to see is most important to me when it
comes to crew kicks anyway you guys have
seen me in Los Angeles but BAM we back
in that Bay Area traffic man so I'm
about to go do a review right now on a
pair of sneakers but instead of just
doing it at home I wanted to do it in a
different environment and I wanted to do
it somewhere that could relate to the
shoe so I got I don't know if I should
tell you because I think this video is
gonna go after this vlog so I think I'm
gonna wait and I'm not gonna tell you
what shoe it is but I'll show you where
I'm doing it so
I'll just tell you guys man I'm doing
the curry tools and I'm gonna film it
outside the place that the Warriors
played their 2015 championship season
the Oracle Arena so all of a sudden with
his hands once Oracle Arena you know
it's crazy man I could remember coming
to this arena in 2007 for the playoffs
but they made it after so many years in
that that time was when this arena was
rocking like crazy like it was still
rocking last year for the championship
but last year I mean 2007 was insane man
so let's see man this this first gate
looks closed so this doesn't look too
good right here so we'll go to that back
one I think that back one is open yeah
this is definitely closed
hopefully we could get in man
all right there's a security right here
let me see if I could go talk to you
how's it going boss I really love to go
out here stay around outside the arena
to take like videos and stuff yeah
okay like if I wanted to go like I just
need to get I want I make video uh
sneaker video so I'm gonna make a video
reviewing Steph Curry's in there sure
and I wanted to Arlene in the background
so if I get like like angle to where the
whole arenas in the background would
that be cool like in the middle of the
park why
okay appreciate it thank you so we got
it guys we're at the Oracle Arena and
we're gonna take a video and shut off to
the security man we made it alright guys
here we go baby
so here's the work so I got to stay in
this lot area but I'm gonna go right
here
so hopefully doesn't trip off of that
this is the Raiders arena there's not
too many waiting over there but there's
a lot of winning over here
I got it man it was kind of dark but
made it happen about to get some
close-up shots and b-roll of the Curry's
check them out y'all if you haven't seen
him yet it's a dope shoe
we'll get my full review on the crew
kicks Friday I believe Thursday or
Friday so Yemen yeah Oracle
so we out here in hole deep oh man I
feel like I come me like once a month to
work on some shit but today I'm gonna
attempt to fix my hoverboard so I gotta
get some jb weld right now so she's
always gonna cost me eighteen dollars
and forty-one cents to fix my hoverboard
I got this shit
shoutout to the plug
what up guys so going on a late night
target run right now got to get a few
things and since today technically for
you guys is the 21st which is the Back
to the Future day I just want to know
what do you guys think
hopefully the shoe did come out and some
of the people actually wanted to shoe
got to copy I'm gonna try to get it if
it does come out and I'm gonna I'll keep
it real with you guys if the money is
right I'm probably gonna resell it if
the if they're not going for crazy
amounts I'll probably give up to Harris
cuz he's a big Back to the Future fan
but I mean I would probably honestly
trade it for like the easy or something
because I mean back to the futures it's
cool but I've never seen the movies so
it would be kind of a hypocrite if I had
the shoe and I never seen the movies so
I'm not gonna keep them never
for myself there is a dope shirt though
a hundreds collab a dope shirt that I
really want even I'm a hypocrite for
wanting that but that's just a sweater
so I don't really care I think it's a
dope sweater so I'm hopefully gonna get
that online and I'm actually gonna go
and see if they have the movie at Target
so I could say I watched it this is
probably one of my top hypebeast moments
of the year I have a lot this year so
whatever I want to see the movie so I
could finally watch it on the 21st so
I'm watching at midnight tonight so I
think that's pretty cool
so anyway alright y'all so they got this
guitar heroes I'm about to go in right
now none of you guys can see me
guys I need you guys to give me a I need
you guys to give me a quick summary
right now what would what do you think
is gonna happen with the Air Mags today
guys go I'll go first
so like I'm not really sure what's gonna
actually happen so let's basically say I
don't think the air mags are actually
gonna release to be completely honest I
think it's gonna be a day - or there's a
couple of things for me I think it's
either gonna be a day for them to set up
a release and just do a lot of press
work and stuff but it's a really big
date and I don't think Nike I don't
think back to the future is gonna waste
to Seattle obviously you see that
there's like so many different shirts so
many different the Pepsi stuff a lot of
these companies and stuff that were in
the movie are taking advantage of it
100%
you know it's it's it makes sense that
they should do it anyway so Nike one of
the biggest things about the shoe being
in the movie you know why not take
advantage of it I think it's gonna go
into another auction thing with Nike
releasing that whole that tweet with
telling Michael J Fox that oh we'll see
you tomorrow
easily I think it's gonna set up a an
auction thing for them why not give
money to this foundation and why not
make a special make it really really
limited but that's my goal on it Jamie
well that's half of the vlog what's that
my color size 11 thanks Rob
I think they're gonna be released isn't
it the onion like they're just gonna
drop the link I don't know where it's
probably one of the most hyped up shoes
releases of all time if not be - one I
think it's gonna be a random time it's
gonna be today I think I don't things
are apparently still but I'm sure to be
between the 405 and all the retail price
resale values bye
the other roof we're random John don't
know when cuz I was a personal get a
tweet and I was like oh shit I didn't
think it was gonna happen but random
random random tweet is gonna be released
like today are you okay if you like
Harrison Harrison Tara said uh they
won't let this days go by like any big
day
no it's kind of retarded to be there if
you top are you gonna keep herself keep
hello he also for sure unless I get a
size 11 I know Harry's been wanting it
I'll definitely take his hold upon
collection me salad but I'll give him
the bag I think I don't think he was in
a reseller the value that well I sold
one out the shop
not long ago for 7,000 and it's the
auction one so I feel if it comes with
power relations and just like the
auction one it might just be you're
looking at $10,000 a week so that's why
it's gonna be way lower than the auction
one because I feel like they're making
hella pairs I hope so but I don't think
so they're like if they release 1500 the
first time in 2011 for the auction I
don't think they're just gonna
mass-produced this other one which is
obviously gonna be better one the time
to the Power laces and then you know
take away from the resale value of what
the thing is that you know in aren't a
part of that in 2011 though they release
they've released less pairs because they
made more money because I was an auction
if they don't do auction this time then
they're gonna make more money by making
more pairs they mean four million
dollars I think there was with with
auction I don't think they're gonna make
that much with the generally space
that's why the ones are gonna make more
money
hundred percent they're gonna make for
ten million dollars over whatever it is
I think you're gonna make most their
money off apparel and shit I don't feel
like I feel like they're not gonna hurt
that initial release I don't think so
I would love to see it for reasons were
so we can get it so we can get our hands
on it I would love it for it to be a
limited generally it's whatever it is
but I don't know I would really love a
pair at all the only thing the one thing
about the auction turn I don't think
it's wearable for a long time I think
it's more of a conversational
coffee-table piece yeah I don't think I
don't think I have I can it is a person
of a human being walking it till it it's
down to the fourth to get to be I don't
thinking as I protect that that
technology in the shoe so I think this
one's in there it's probably gonna have
an air bubble which fire balloon or pop
yeah yeah from from bread from what I
read in the blueprint this one is not
gonna have an air bubble because
everything in the bottom of the chute is
gonna be where the laces extract
basically in tight tighten up the shoe
so there's no room for air bubbles so
this could be another prop shoe so why
not make it into 15,000 pairs yeah that
too
because they might like it's gonna be
whack if you can't wear this shoe yeah
an hour or so or whatever is like the
one you can wear right now not so many
wearable bow even on the box it says
it's not like a shoe that you're
supposed a it shows Jordan I don't this
Jordan I can't remember but it shows you
know someone dunking with them on like
they're not made for for that it's
according to sir
so say now they've released like the
option one and there has Luna in the
bottom or has something to actually wear
the shoe I don't care that comes with
Power laces or not yeah but you know I
think I think it might just be a release
one but you can worry I don't think is
gonna have as much as technology as the
one that is out now what if they release
might have the little light on things
but I don't things I have Power laces if
it does get released what if they do
some crazy shit where they released too
versions like a lead version and a
regular version and then the one that
would be well sign leases like it's a
cool thing a pretty good but like you
know I don't if they do Power laces and
if they do none lead people like hey bro
check this out no no they're just doing
it for the movement yo before you put on
the mags
so Champak if they do it as a pack let
me put another fuck I said earlier yeah
before he start accordion I think I
think that we both was hell
your thoughts on the box is it gonna be
the tube that initially oh yeah
Tamar define it has to me know it's
gonna be a Jordan slide out box kind of
like a drawer box I know
Loic know that's decision I think I
think is gonna be fine no way bro that's
yeah and the yellow the yellow one it
was nice because on the box and they
gave it to them it said from Hill Valley
California the box was super nice
there's a foam on there has the charger
ports everything and stuff like it was a
nice fully pod yeah but we're we're
talking about the path box
oh you're talking about some stupid shit
alright that's it y'all something
alright guys so we're done for this I'm
talking about the box now I'm gonna end
the vlog any last words
yeah we should have done a kukiz video
but we already have a video for coup
kicks the Air Mag video so go watch it
on coup kicked us out now self promo
hair if you got a call oh here's not
even in a guy why are you on the phone
bro we broke up
okay we did break up I haven't been in
the vlogs in a while alright guys that
was ten minutes of us talking bro I'm
not even gonna edit that shit I'm just
gonna leave it in alright guys make sure
you guys hit that thumbs up hopefully
good luck everybody on cop in the air
mags resellers some to me for under
retail I got you fam and the Washington
cookies video and oh it's 2.0 version
signing out here's replacement goodness
a friend they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal same feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming down from
a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
wanna hear right
