our years yokai's guys yo wake up guys
oh whoa gee what are you doing here
it's me Chris I'm supposed to meet you
guys to film in the morning what do you
guys what are you doing here
where's class we're spies fan it's a man
doing pageants House what are you doing
where is he I don't know who's not in
his room go check tonight in his room
yeah he's 9 is real fat what's going on
it yeah I called them you check
everywhere yes they call her the door
was open I don't know what happened I
just know his phone is off what where is
he I don't know you should know you're
here I just phone off I don't know you
were with him ok bro all right let's
figure it out trace back to like last
time you see you can't even remember
what we just did what what do you mean
let me think let me think just give me a
second let me think yeah what do we do
last hold on
oh wait hold on lastly I remember we met
I met Kobe we met coffee with Kobe I oh
my god Bobby's hand you know this ain't
no good laugh
swear to God go swish hey ok so close
Contras sitting right next to you
watching Kobe we're watching Kobe talk
yes that's the last thing we remember
though
sorry guys so we are back inside
the makers studio about to see Kobe
Bryant these guys are going crazy yeah
guys brother keeps don't like yeah it's
getting hotter and hotter because Kobe
is getting closer to this building and
all he's really gonna be right there
are you gonna I cannot believe this I
swore to God I'm gonna do something I
thought this is crazy I'ma be like I
want to be I can't talk right now
guys balaji brought he came over last
night and he brought a kobe action video
see you guys know me sign and i'm like
family you can't be doing that you gotta
play free media today it was a matter
brawl when it comes to Kobe it doesn't
matter anything goes
Wow I know for sure that problem wasn't
the last copy where's case man I know
that's that oh wait yo we tested these
out way remember guys tested these shoes
out when we went to go till we did a
where tests of these Kobe's Brandon can
you stretch me out there was your locker
you lose your luck easy to epic slow
motion
alright guys so we are on the court
right now and we got the new Kobe Pro
tros or whatever the hell they're called
on court and honestly guys I haven't
played in these shoes in what has it
been like 12 years 11 years and they
have made these shoes way lighter way
more comfortable and the upper just
feels so good I feel like this is the
rebirth of a Kobe line you know I'm
saying the rebirth of jocks make it over
there you missed them this is a rebirth
of the Kobe line so your boy might have
to drop 81 right now which right I did
it's just one rubbage I ain't gonna miss
it there you go
oh oh how do you feel and how they do it
really actually really comfortable I
mean obviously it's still an old shoe so
yeah it's not the best shoe in the game
right now but in terms of the
performance retro it's definitely about
you to have on court every once in a
while just to bring back some old
memories and feel like the Mambo when
you scored 81 yeah yeah I use that line
already oh okay so I'm gonna be Kobe you
be smush Parker let's reenact when cuz
you hit the game-winner versus Phoenix
in the playoffs I would do that but no
no really I'm serious jock
Hey
Hey playing with aggression
last time I was calm to someone playing
with a brush
Enda guys at least we have his car keys
I mean yeah that's true I didn't want to
waste my gas where can he be but we
still gotta find him I just I just don't
get it I'm perplexed gee like where can
he be
we should call someone we should Tony
calls her oh shoot you right Eddie
tony was with us yeah yeah that reminds
me Tony let me call real quick yah-tchi
was good brother
yeah have you have you seen guys I can't
find him in know I'm back in the land
right now bro I see that later with you
where I sink I sense that take your pop
up into the dorm brand pop-up I see him
since then Jordan event okay yeah yeah
oh yeah we went to Jordan okay yeah I
think that's where you saw it take yeah
okay got it Jordan right I'm heading
right now thank you very shitty alright
Nick is weird
I got guys
Jordan bro that's where you met pinker
that's what happened next are Fisher
let's go let's get it guys we got Tony
in the building man you know
he spent some great money today oh yeah
we spent yeah a couple read couple
months a couple months of rent I'm
getting I'm getting evicted next month
cause it is the wedding back a little
bit guys oh yeah we got pissed away Mina
I'm gonna get off why she's cool yeah
hold on though we got exposed bull what
you know the cameras beets
eventually redeem are gonna go today we
are going to be interviewing or doing a
QA with the legend himself Tinker
Hatfield the guy who designed Jordan is
three and above not all of them but the
best ones he did funny story I was
literally standing outside wearing my
teacher threes that Jordan Brand gave me
and he pulls up behind me and I didn't
even know and he puts his foot next to
mine and I looked down and I look at him
I'm like oh these are pretty nice huh
and he just looked at me and he's like
yo and then he walked away and I was
like oh my god bruh that's the legend
himself and we just had a moment but
anyway we're here at studio 23 we're
about to check it out have a good time
they got some fire in the building so
we'll see if I have any pickups and
shout out to Jordan Brand again for this
man it's crazy in here let's see some of
the stuff they got going
they had this whoosh in there because I
didn't know any better I'm like well I'm
John there and as I got to know Mike a
couple of meetings with them I realized
that what would really piss off all the
people at Nike which I was really I love
doing that to be honest because that
means that usually means they're like
doing something different so I really
wanted to sort of sort of shake people
up but I also felt like Michael himself
there was a chance here to prove that he
was so important and so powerful as a
cultural icon as a personality and a
player that he didn't need this swoosh
that was really hard to get people to
sort of like like swallow that one but
I'm so glad that we did it
and now it's fun to come back and see
that shoe with the swoosh on it because
it makes it like oh well you did that
yeah it looks it looks cool to me now
because it's I know I remember that I
remember drawing it on there in the
first
but you know the German most perfectly
so this is the place is the place I
definitely remember we were here and he
was here yeah oh it's open
oh whoa what happened fine
guys night skies here guys guys well
this whole thing was what the whole of
yours are right - everything was right
here tink every minute but what the heck
is going on for I can't believe this
they literally took everything out man
we can find some more clicker your
pockets maybe you find something oh I
got it checked anything I'll leave your
shoe up get out
oh my god what are you have card no way
who's going let's go to the car I have
my laptop you plug it in and we check
what's in there to elicit more clues it
has to be something all right
all right let's go come on hurry up
probably just there's one file in here
oh my god hold on let's see what this is
bus crazy
do these guys disguise room let's get
the clues together okay so now let's go
ahead and get into some of the pickups
obviously we've got the ovo whites and
the ovo blacks this is the ovo eight
really really nice quality on these
we've been waiting almost two years for
these to come out let's just say your
boy can't dunk but I'm always at the
Freak milk wrong shoe but I'm always at
the free-throw line we didn't even know
they were gonna have these but we got
the bread toes this was a clutch pickup
I know Mina's probably dying to go grab
her pair right now and show that she got
him - is it shattered backboard quality
and it's not it's as much as it looks
like it is it's really not like
shattered backboard is definitely weight
just feel that for me Mina can you feel
that for me feel that now feel this
right Wow Wow right mmm it looks like
it's the same but it's not
this was another plot twist because we
didn't know that they were gonna have
bees and we don't even know the release
date on these but yo Flyknit Jordan
threes
oh my god obviously we ain't got that
Nike Air but we don't care because this
is an old classic sneaker with new
technology I gotta cover the tag this
one as you guys can see it had my name
on it when I walked into studio 23 I was
handed a bag by my people over at Jordan
we've got the tinkerer Jordan 3's now
you guys if you don't know we showed you
guys these recently but this is a Jordan
swoosh on the Jordan 3 because this was
what tinkers original swoosh I mean an
original sketch had tinker's like the
biggest sneaker designer in history the
goat he's humble so that makes it super
dope I wish I had a one-on-one interview
with them but it was just like all the
media crowding around like this yeah I
was like yeah I was like super like hey
let's break this down that video only
showed his pickups that's it right yeah
but obviously has to be at his crib oh
my god bro he threw a party at his house
what party I didn't get invited to no
party we had a party his house we watch
the game and all that and he gave us
gifts I didn't get any gifts
okay I'm sorry to hear that but that
doesn't matter right now all right this
is exactly what happened let me tell you
all right guys so we are about to start
our NBA Saturday night party as you guys
can see we went all out it's a Jersey
theme you gotta wear a jersey as you
guys can see we've got the decorations
you've got the streamers hanging a whole
bunch of snacks cups plates of what uh
you got oh yeah that Warriors fit look
we got the supreme lounge we need to
take out this trash right here though
but okay all right let's go
our first guest has been waiting for ten
minutes outside the door we're gonna
finally let him in and he's gonna be the
first person to see what we call the NBA
dream crew invite-only party are you
ready sir ladies
hopefully they fit to one size fits most
welcome to the cube I have been waiting
so long for this I ever have pizza all
year just for today got that pizza the
same arena oh that was nasty this ain't
even front y'all I like that as you say
you'll be serving I deserve surgery
working hard you deserve a hard
oh my god he's still got one 25 25 damn
25 any lot so Devin Booker one for sure
oh my god alright guys so you know Kai
so morally throws the best VIP party and
every VIP party you gotta come with a
goodie bag oh thanks to our friends over
at stock ex I have my people that stop
stop gasps and I said let's put some
goodie bags together talk so much some
of this some of the stuff that was
supposed to come and God delayed so we
had to do some improvising but you know
I'm saying the goodie bag still came out
as a success are you ready
alright we got the first one alright
first back home I say goody bag
my kicks last one warm crap protect as
always thank you usable thank you got
the best goody bags in the game like
stuff like that well look I went around
his building four times he was not in
there man I don't know I really don't
get it now this was the last place she
can be why would we even come here oh
she went to the all-star game with Mina
and this was the last thing you did
star 2018 guys the time has arrived we
just got to the Staples Center over here
we are about to go inside thanks to
SeatGeek if you guys don't know cg is
the best place to get your ticket takes
all these websites and puts them
together so you can find the best prices
on the market for any game or event so
make sure you guys check out CQ use my
promo code guys get yourself $20 off but
we are gonna go inside there and enjoy
the all-star game here in the US side
are you excited I don't even know what
to look at yeah there's a lot going on
guys like Shaq and all them or right
there doing their little thing so
everybody's crowded it's super super PAC
just cuz you're saying release yet but
yeah I think mine's more limited so get
in there look at that boy KD thank you
then we got Kobe's retirement jerseys
keyword jerseys Jesus
Michael Jordan just walked in the
building y'all 49 seconds left I game
Paul George again t-bird got it
the board the rosin foul
we block and feed wasted like eight
seconds he could have passed the ball I
give up man it's done this is it this is
it guys guys is gone he's dead no no
wait wait
good God I seen it a snap tight you got
he posted a you guys were had a party or
something something bad yes you guys her
party you guys were like dancing all
star ends right here after the game
wait party oh my god move talk go go go
what do you mean you talk anyway
you have a cute
oh my gosh oh my
take a look oh what the oh my god where
are we I've been looking all over for
you G I was sleepy yeah man I don't know
why you end up here I don't remember
anything Rogers remember the whole
starte game and then they went to the
party and then I just ended up here I
don't remember anything man I really big
spot I found you
okay but I don't remember that sucks
like we have vlog footage was beautiful
we have it all we have the whole footage
you have it all I'll show you everything
I have it all I'm going to show you
right now okay
Oh leaf
