man oh man what a day we have planned
well I mean not really planned but
there's a lot of stuff going on today so
let me tell you guys right now I told
you I told you guys a few vlogs ago I'm
not doing anything for a complex con
well that's kind of change I've got a
few things going on but I'm gonna get
into that stuff when complexes con comes
up I'm not gonna be doing a meet-up I'm
not gonna be doing anything like that
like I'm going to complex con manly as a
fan like I'm going to buy stuff I'm
going to check out like all the
exclusive products for complex con but
I'm not gonna be doing none of that like
meetup type stuff that I usually do so I
will be there obviously if I see you
guys say what's up let's take some pics
let's have a good time but in general
I'm just gonna be going there as a fan
as a consumer trying to pick up some
dope stuff like I said but anyway I've
been getting calls from a lot of
different people hitting me up saying
hey are you gonna be a complex con but
one of my favorite companies in the
entire world
Jordan Brant Jordan Brand hit me up they
hit me up like Monday and they said yo
like we got an exclusive drop in that
complex con nobody has these we don't
even have pictures of these but we want
to know if you want to wear them and I
was like it like what is it like you
know I'm saying like obviously I want to
wear something like dope limited no one
has and they said it's a Jordan one and
I'm like
please please have let me have the honor
of wearing the complex context cluesive
let me have the honor of unboxing these
and having these before anyone anyone
else in the world so Thank You Jordan
Bryan ahead of time I'm not even gonna
describe them I'm just gonna flip to the
unboxing from yesterday when I got them
and let's hit that damn intro man let's
hit it what's in a box all right guys
I've never been more excited to do it
involved I'm about to open up one of the
most important sneakers unboxings in my
youtube sneaker unboxing career this box
was sent to me by my people at Jordan
Brand now usually when I do unboxings
it's a shoe I've seen on the internet
I've seen pictures I know what to expect
but this is the first time ever that I
have no idea what these look like
there's no pictures of these on the
internet I know what it is but I'm the
first person in the world to have these
and I don't know if I'm gonna be the
first person to show it to the world but
I know that I'm the first person to have
it other than Jordan Brand themself open
it up I'm sure you guys have seen it
already because my Instagram if I posted
it but I'm nervous okay we got a message
see you down in Long Beach this weekend
Jordan Brand Air Jordan one retro hi I
can't show you guys some of this
information because this is a sample box
I can't believe this I'm so excited this
is a Jordan one complex Khan exclusive
damn dude I'm so excited oh my god
Wow
do you see this oh my god this is the
Jordan one top three patent leather
complex con exclusive look oh my god
killed it a gold Jordan one and it's
patent leather the whole thing except
the tongue nike air on the tongue they
kept the back part gold right here they
reversed these to the swooshes gold all
now on the bullets goal is black on this
one black on one bottom gold on one
bottom we haven't seen a patent leather
jordan on in a while the last one we saw
was this one over here is - reminds me
of this one I don't know if this was the
last patent leather but you can see that
it's very very similar I'm not sure how
many how many pairs I'm not sure how
they're gonna be dropping them but
complex con will be the only place to
have these and I thank you Jordan Brand
for giving these to me early to rock at
complex con I think I have a nice outfit
for these but we gonna break the
Internet
nobody knows about it nobody knows about
it nobody knows it's coming
top three Jordan one black golden white
this is like I call these the tuxedos
I'm saying I call these the wedding shoe
stay tuned as you guys can see crazy
those are exclusive to complex con with
Union Los Angeles so today they actually
released images of them so I'm not the
first one to post it Union Los Angeles
actually put the posts up about them so
I think they're releasing at the Union
Los Angeles booth I'm not too sure I
should probably clarify that information
but I'm not sure how limited they are I
still don't know that information either
but I'm going home now because I
literally just got the okay that I can
post them so I'm going home to get the
shoes so that I can take some dope
pictures of them and post them and then
I'm gonna head to Mac Park because I got
to handle some business over there and I
just left the meeting - so like a whole
bunch of things going on right now I'm
all over the place it's a Thursday
tomorrow's Friday it's been a great week
I got so much joy and excitement in me
so I hope you guys are having a great
day and I hope you guys are having a
great week - with all that being said
let's now get our day started and I'll
see you guys at the crib and then I'll
see you guys have like we have quick
quick transitions let's go
guys finally finally finally they are
carrying prep protect at Mag Park they
got this little display right here so if
you need your crep protect then you come
to Mac Park you know they got it now so
make you let them know what's going on
for complex con man you know what can we
go to the back yeah if you guys don't
know Mickey and Mac Park they're gonna
have a Mac Park booth at complex con g24
we're in the back corner with full
Locker we're dropping our varsity
capsule we have these dope quality
Shores crisis on it for a minute yeah of
course I know what you're saying another
shirt with a zipper but the reality is
we went really high quality on these
we're really excited to put them out of
course the track striping the mbar City
logo so this is like our high school
like kind of vibe don't get confused by
the box either that's just the shipping
box yeah okay this is not good you know
what's funny is people forget that there
is a lot people skilled in like printers
will always stock and move stuff around
the boxes we got the short sleeve tee
all right simples you guys get it this
comes in black with the white logo and
then of course like a grey this is like
my favorite color way yeah like that
this one's done and then no for mickey
hey mickey fonts for mag park guys it
was a joke
I gave my terry shirt to autumn it
because he slept over and he needed
something away it's it's a little long
and if it's better for him because yeah
yeah yeah so everybody's like really hot
on the whole like track pant like thing
you know like Calabasas of course made
it don't wanna tea this has all the way
so we wanted to go with like 3/4 so it
goes just under over the knee
falls under the knee of course the
lining we have this in the Heather also
and then the varsity M of course
embroider so it all comes together it's
all embroidered and so here's here's the
vibe though yeah I was gonna we got
something a little early Christ of
course already has these yeah but we got
these of Carolina Georgia Blevins you've
seen already on the show
yeah but if you buy a bottom and a top
at compost con you could buy these for
retail from us so straight to 40 no tags
for retail all you gonna do is buy a
short of your choice and a shirt of your
choice and I know not to put guys on
blast but he's already rockin the
complex comics elusive chilliness vibe
you know he's coming Noba shout out to
Marco from Atanas actually he worked
with us on that idea because Mitchell
mess is dropping the Bulls Christmas Day
green and red shorts a complex concept
suggestion guys bring cash to complex
collar there's gonna be so many crazy
jobs just bring cash like if like you
said you can get those for literally
retail early like I don't drop into like
two weeks you can get those early if you
just buy a top and a bottom so you
already know the drill
see you there yeah and the Jordans I
showed you earlier Java yeah of course
of course Jordan right killer all right
guys one of the main reasons why I came
to mag today's cuz I had to put some
stuff on consignment putting this on
consignment just because I bought the
iPhone X and this is not gonna fit for
the X so my iPhone plus LV case I got
some like babe shirts that I haven't
worn yet I'm gonna consign that these
vans that I never wore fear of God
Ballmer I have way too many clothes so
alright guys so I didn't end up buying
any like supreme or anything like that I
actually picked up a consignment check
from last time and it was a pretty good
payday seven hundred and eighty six
dollars and that's from a whole bunch of
shoes that I consigned so if for some
reason one of you guys did come and buy
one of the shoes I did consign shoutout
to you guys if not then you have a
shout-out to the people who bought my
stuff over here at matok Park Burbank
but yeah cashing checks and cop in heat
that's all we do I did do another pick
up I got another pair of Jordan ones
right now so I actually got the the
complex called Jordan ones and then I
got another Jordan one that released
last week I showed it to you guys in the
car I was actually kinda iffy originally
of buying these shoes I didn't like them
from images but when I saw them in
person and I saw the quality I was like
bruh like you know this I changed my
mind I changed my mind definitely
a toaster a
that's easy now it's hot in here
these are the shoes I was talking about
I didn't like these at first in pictures
I didn't plan on comping them but then I
saw him in person and I'm like yo like
quality's dope concept is dope it's it's
it's not it's not exactly what I want
from the shoe and I'll tell you guys
more about it but it's still a banger
damn final boom okay I don't know her
name but she did a collab with Jordan
Brand so what I wanted was an all sat in
Jordan one shadow kind of like they did
the Royals they did the breads and
obviously as a collector I would have
wanted the satin Royals completely sad
but what they did is they did a satin on
the back area satin on the toe area and
then to my knowledge I've never seen
corduroy on a Jordan one but a full on
corduroy upper with a corduroy tongue
and then they've got like a nice little
furry soosh right there so it's not it's
not it's not a satin but it has satin
elements to it so that's what kind of
like crapped me out at first but then
it's like bro you gotta appreciate it
for what it is so now that I saw it in
person I was like you got a size 10 make
he was like saying no more and then I
copped it so yeah these are actually
really really dope I take my word back
on saying I didn't want to cop these but
I did cop them and hold on let me check
all leather insert is always a plus man
got that leather insert on the inside
these are dope man this is basically a
shadow Jordan one just with different
types of materials and I love the Nike
Air on the tongue being red so it's kind
of got that Darth Vader vibe to it so
yeah man I mean as a sneakerhead there's
times when you see images on the
internet and it's you don't like certain
things until you seem in person like a
lot of sneakers look way better in
person than they do on you know sneaker
blogs and whatnot so I'm excited I
picked these up I'm probably gonna keep
the black laces on these I just got like
50 emails right now you can not reach
bitch past curfew now she wakin up some
of you 11 a.m. she already knows all
right guys so I've just been chillin at
the crib for the past couple hours and I
found these lights that my dad left and
my brother-in-law and sisters crib and
it's just like little lights and I
installed them on my shelves I put three
on this one and three on that one and
the cool thing about it is that it comes
with a remote so I can literally just
control it with this little remote right
here so let me show you guys what its
gonna look like when you turn these
lights off they don't all turn on at
once it's kind of weird but like Oh
actually that time they did so as you
guys can see it's pretty lit like little
displays look at my little finn balor
over here I got my supreme shoes and my
supreme gun but then there's also like
another button right here and hold on
let me let me press it right yo yo yo
this this thing it does wonders yo we
need another one of these let's go tokyo
so unknown is in the buildin ladies and
gentlemen he is here for a complex con
weekend are you ready bro I'm so ready
you have no idea are you ready bro I'm
gonna put you on the spot how much does
your outfit cost right already already
let's go you know how it is we've got a
midnight studios New York release you
know that's like I don't know 120 and
with my chela 190 slide flicks this
thing I don't know from Italy 170
European things and adidas nikes ain't
no special the Puma socks though yeah
nice special you know oh wait this is
even out yet although guess ASAP don't
know already
damn flexing on them guys if you haven't
already checked out his channel go check
it out
he does like how much is your outfits
and they've been killing it on YouTube
he's like got the whole European market
on lockdown check out his stuff I'll
link his channel down below check it out
we're just chilling we're like watching
the round 2 episodes on YouTube because
I think I'm in this episode I'm not
but yeah that's pretty much gonna be it
tomorrow we don't have anything planned
but it's Friday
we're probably gonna hit up like Melrose
Fairfax all that good stuff we have a
few other friends who are in town
Harrison Jacob so we'll probably link up
with them too and we'll see what happens
man pregame for a complex con it's
looking like it's gonna be a crazy
weekend at complex con I'll be having
more updates on my Twitter of what I'm
exactly doing there some companies might
have hit me up to be doing something
special for them so I probably will be
announced bro that's mine what if I wore
that to complex con oh my god I would
get so I would get so much love and hate
oh my god I would get love from people
there but I would get hate from people
on social media that's how it is anyway
yeah so um that's it hit that thumbs up
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog and this
weekend is literally gonna be crazy so
make sure you guys tune in
now
middle we now have a metal
