let's start this vlog off by showing you
my outfit of the day first off we're
gonna start with these joggers that you
guys have seen me wear next up we got
the adidas socks shout out to the plug
the target donut boxers fill me this
gray shirt i just bought yesterday
actually our two days ago from pacsun
because I've matter closed I got that
hundreds adidas collab and da collab
like a triple collab sweatshirt so yeah
that's my outfit now I don't know issues
I'm gonna wear but I think I'm gonna
wear either the 750s or the ultra boost
so I think this is no truth yeah either
the ultra boost over the 750 so i
changed the pants i just want with my
regular black jeans but everything one
everything else is the same so shout-out
to the hangers I gotta go get my toilet
before we dip out man because we're
going back home to the bay today it was
a great two weeks in LA but I went broke
man literally I wasted so much money
from hotel to hotel it's ridiculous man
and rental cartoon killed me better go
rejuvenate but I'm coming back next week
again for hell in a cell and Emma I'm
officially back well not officially but
I'm back ladies and gentlemen I'd like
to present to you guys the official
sponsor of the next few sneakerheads be
like the number one shoe cleaning
product in the market man I just got
look how huge this is I'm about to open
this right now you don't even know
what's inside big shout out to create
protect there will be the official
sponsors of any sneakerheads be like
video on the main channel so they sent
me a whole ton of product so we're going
to open this up and we're going to see
what they sent the kid
so let's go ahead and get into this I
got enough shoe cleaner for the next
year pretty much sneakerheads be like
presented by credit for that holy Shh oh
we got crepe protect types for days baby
oh yes cure the ultimate shoe cleaner it
comes with everything it's a little
messed up as the shipping but it's all
good you get the microfiber wipe the
cleaner with two brushes things are
secure we got more cures right here more
cures work here's more cures I know this
is let's just say this box is very
highly flammable man don't even worry
fat man this is the spray the water
repellent rain and stain repellent so
they send me all this stuff right here
man crazy so now that we got all the
products that means we're going to start
working on sneakerheads be like part
four guys so hope you're excited about
that i'm excited i'm about to unbox all
this stuff and send the picture to the
whole crew so they could be jealous that
I got all the shoe cleaner stuff y'all
gonna be clean for days guys it's a late
3am and coming up with crew cakes ideas
over there don't look at that but i did
get another package this was actually in
the p.o box and this is from one of the
dopest people in the world one of the
Loyalists dream crew members like this
focus BAM a nurse from Chicago Chicago
Bulls she's from Chicago so she got me
the Chicago Bulls poker chips and then
she got me the Chicago Bulls nabor backs
this is pretty dope because my first
ever snap back when I was a little kid
was a Chicago Bulls won so I really like
this and then this is for Harris its
star wars shirt I believe it's for
Harris that's what I read in the letter
sews Harris you got a little star wars
shirt it means the world to me when you
guys send me things like this mean just
this alone is the most important thing
to me because this stuff is like it's
stuff that is replaceable but this right
here the words you guys tell me
and.and you guys write to me is the most
important thing in the world so thank
you so much for this almost forgot how
can I forget this man a big big big
thank you for making crew kicks as
successful as it is for weeks in we just
hit 30,000 subscribers and it was the
greatest feeling ever man so it's
unlisted blessing man crew keep this
channel right here is close to hitting a
hundred thousand so that's amazing and
we can add another plaque of a hundred
thousand to the collection honestly at
the pace we're going right now I feel
like crew kicks can hit a hundred
thousand by the end of the year I know
that's out there but let's do it man all
right guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
and about five four three two one I
really want to wear these i bought these
I stood on one well obviously I've been
gone but but he's still anymore now it's
been a minute but I got my baby back I
miss you so much like really shut up i'm
having a long time with my car all my
friends complain because when I Drive I
lean like all the way back and hair is
mostly more than anybody complains we
can't be wrong that's why I dropped them
from the crew you're giving me problems
BMW my digital dash ain't working you
know what fuck it it's just music of all
I'm not a crazy idea shut up okay so I
got these two packages one right here
right here so let's go ahead and open
these up I'm sorry if my mood seems a
little off today I'm not like Jamie I
don't have a million moods right off the
bat baby I don't even know brandis's
right now but we got a hat shouts out oh
this fits actually pretty dope man a
white hat I don't have any white hats i
don't think i've ever owned the white
hat thank you so much guys for the
opportunity it's greatly appreciated i
love your vids keep on grinding and
putting out an amazing content i sent
you a size l long sleeves enjoy the
snapback man thanks again for exposure
you have no idea how much this helps
Sean right there man check it out shout
out to the homie Sean he sent over this
year let's check out the shirt oh no
this will fit me for sure I'm keeping
this this is
though then man what does i say i came
to read this shit I really mess with
this thanks bro I'm really gonna rock
this oh sure what up guys what's up guys
I'm a huge fan of yours don't vlog
please although I'm not gonna read the
message right now because it said don't
bog but i'll show you what they said
Houston Rockets snapback what Dolph San
Francisco vintage 49 or snapback proline
authentic so I think oh I'm an idiot I
could look on the box so shout out the
junior man junior sanchez thank you
brother I appreciate this man these hats
are dope as hell I'm gonna read this
letter when i get home yo nothing feels
better than wearing your shoes outside
for the first time and undoing that it's
so amazing these are really stiff too
i'm not used to this own hair if you're
the one guy so i'm at target and i've
been really really considering going
giving in and buying a damn ps4 it's
been killing me i know it's not going to
be the best decision in my life to do
right now but it's a sign man i come
here and they don't have any and they
don't even have 2k NBA 2k they don't
even have it so I'm like it's just a
sign to just move on guys so this is the
way I'm going to look at it I didn't get
the ps4 because that would have been
like four hundred to five hundred
dollars if that's half the price of the
vlog cameras that I want to get the one
that Roman Atwood uses if I wait and I
get the vlog camera that is putting
getting the vlog cameras an investment
for the channel which leads to making
which leads to you know obviously
YouTube we make money so the smartest
decision is to knock at the ps4 because
it will one waste money and to distract
me but guys so since I didn't get the
ps4 today I'm going to give myself a
consolation prize which is
krispy kreme donuts I'm going to do an
unboxing when i get home guys don't even
worry about it what's up everybody it's
tee blaq here to give you another review
on these krispy kreme donuts so
basically we got the halloween edition
chocolate eyes glazed sprinkle with
sprinkles and then you got the chocolate
ice clays with no sprinkles as you can
see here is a comparison you can
definitely see the sprinkled texture on
here and then on this side you see a
smooth overlay and then over here my
favorite is the maple ice maple with
glaze definitely a fan favorite some
people say this is overhyped this is
like the easy of doughnuts and let me
know which one you guys like best I'm
definitely thinking about doing a
doughnut giveaway so I'll give away one
of these doughnuts and make sure you hit
that thumbs down and yeah check it out
man it's Monday night and every Monday
night my family gets together so we got
to get together about to go link up with
the fambam hidden what did you say to
her shoes what did you say to her shoes
what talent do you have for us this week
alright guys so welcome to a QA Zara
come here let's do a Q&A yeah did you
learn that in your ballet class this is
how you this is a documentary of jumping
and feeling oh what you save on my pants
that's fancy yeah I got I got into a
fight with a hyena are you lying no yeah
I got in a fight with the hyena
and when I have you all bad no as you
can see anyone cutie aren't playing do
your front flip again okay go oh this is
my documentary of jumping over when you
when you come to a place like this I
assure you my goodness that hurt me babe
you used to call me on ourselves our can
you do the Drake dance do it hey guys Oh
lit again shit I'm here I'm chewing with
guys guys say hi Bambi is this your blog
channel yo what up check me out what I'm
coming all right anyway what a party huh
you guys know this is a hey can I tell
him something yeah of course you can you
used to call me on my cell phone okay
I've been enough of that song anyway
guys oh if you guys like that's wrong
tweet it out for me all right you need
to Drake that you use the call me on my
cell phone ok rap I can beatbox really
good ok you're wasting the footage here
you gotta be entertaining all right here
we go
no yep is this a beatbox are you
whispering family this is the best I can
do you're not even beatboxing you're
whispering all right here we go see oh
please unsubscribe like this is what key
Opie has come to Oh be quiet you guys
better see you please got Donna since is
full we just messing on now I subscribe
to my channel his channel I'm just
recording ok anyway let's continue yeah
excuse me hey that we know it's real out
here fam this is a crazy family
turn that off you looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures over
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal then feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real
