it is way too gloomy in LA right now and
I don't like you happy about your
negative but I'm feeling good man
because I had some help from a friend of
mine who helped me find some apartments
last night online so I've got like 10
great options right now but yeah I feel
good today man I'm like running out of
laundry
I mean I'm running out of clothes I got
like dirty clothes everywhere like I
don't even think I have a t-shirt oh I
bought this yesterday oh let me show you
guys the socks I bought yesterday I turn
this music off chills okay so um shout
out to the plug cuz I got a hook-up on
all this shit but I can't tell you where
I got it from cuz I don't want to get
the person in trouble but um I've always
wanted Stan socks but they're kind of
lucky expensive so I had to wait til I
got the plug and now I got him so I
bought these two adidas socks just so I
can wear like whatever cuz I'm out of
stock so I need to buy some socks oh I
got this Stan's sock it's pretty dope
because one pair has big stripes one
pair of small stripes and guys the stamp
the Stan's logo goes on the inside this
is not a sponsorship by the way I'm not
sponsored by Stan's yet so Stan's holler
at me because you know I do sneaker shit
I got this one I tried to get plain ones
cuz I don't want too many loud colored
socks but those two are already loud
this one I thought was pretty dope even
though I don't like the press design
that much but looks pretty dope and then
this one the black print which is legit
so I got for Stan stocks and to Adidas
socks I think I got all of them for 30
bucks which is really good because you
guys know Stan's socks go for like 15
bucks each so shoutout to the plug and
no it wasn't Jamie on this occasion but
anyway uploading today's vlog it's
gloomy outside and
la LAX you see the little X right there
but my sister and my brother-in-law are
coming to town today so finally the kid
has some family in the area oh good good
didn't login Sebastian how does it feel
to be in America for the first time damn
your English is really good
Afghanistan
so we're in third Street right now I
bought some stuff right now shout out to
the plug right now I'll show you these
little pop art toys that I got I wasted
money but it's all good shout out to
Harris
I'll show you guys right now check this
out
one of my favorite movies stepbrothers I
got dale doback and brandon huff so i
got the complete set from Step Brothers
I don't really buy those but Yolo
snapchat game on fleek then I'm gonna
shout out to close this Brookstone man
Brooks come shot at the Brooks no I'd
miss a sharper image
I think sharp Remender went out of
business now
have you ever drink this
it's good
djenka
bring me video yeah why not are you I
know
do you mean gonna do anything
why drinking its catering it's a joke
trick people and make a video you put
blue Gatorade to make you think it's
Windex
whatup guys so I always start my vlog
with that shit just starting it what's
up guys so no no I haven't I didn't just
start it I mean like every time I cut to
a new scene
sup guys so I'm currently in Westwood
right now walking around that prank you
saw was on my mom low key that's the
first time I put my mom in a vlog guess
who I'm with
who's up next but the food breath on the
track no we don't hang out with them -
there you go
cut them off bro don't like the side
chick you know the Queen you won't you
gotta cut them off with the main entrees
yeah exactly like you flaming your your
cheese pizza fam the best in the world
oh shoot you saying I'm the fancy one
and then you're the best one like you
know sometimes like you buy a designer
purse but it's not as good as like the
regular one that you like you like to go
to yeah you know what I'm saying so talk
comparisons over okay but you know what
I'm saying we just walk it around and
we're doing what we do best we just go
get free samples from yoga yes I cuz
it's open till 1:00 a.m. so I got new
shoes on the ride over here no no you
remember that song yes new shoes on a
ride by the tree buddy Ricky my body
your body burning up
oh yeah we're about to go get some free
samples apparently they give you free
spoons if you go to a freakin yogurt
land and you do a yelp review so we're
gonna try to got there bro
I saw apparently if you go to Yogurtland
and you do not do a yelp review you just
spend $15 but I didn't spend $15 shout
out to the plug she gave me this to the
plug look at this thing look how huge
this is compared to this one oh yeah
I was gonna say something a lot of
pocket right now they carry together can
we do a swag like that broken around
Westwood English sorry guys excuse me
can you um I'm just gonna raise your
oppa I'm over driver yeah I'm just going
your URJ wedgie your name wedgie why do
you whistle okay where are you going I'm
going like just two three blocks down
that way I put it in that navigation do
you need directions or oh the cars oh do
you like drink no my third wife like
that one always okay where do you go you
want to go to my house already so soon
she fell
what is this man never been Marquis when
it's shut down hey I'm just straight and
then you just make a left right there
that'd be fun okay how's your night
going we're here that's $50 but what we
don't how's that $50 but come on let's
go let's go go your house looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling when I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what
