on a Tuesday what up guys I'm currently
leaning against the I'm not a soccer mom
but I'll sock your mom Oh Beale and I'm
gonna start today's vlog off with a
little funny story okay so basically you
guys already know what this is man you
guys already know what this is it's my
hoverboard but let's take it over here
does something seem odd about it it's
not straight as you can see it's freakin
broken basically I don't know what part
of the board is broken but somewhere in
here it's broken I know a piece of it is
chipped in there and let me write it for
you guys so you can see I mean it's
still it still works like it still works
but it makes a dragging noise
so basically it drags on the ground
and it still worked which I'm grateful
for but I can't really use it so
and now the battery's dying so basically
I was at my friend's house about last
week I was sleeping at my friend's house
and it was a girl
apparently this is the story but she was
trying to do a 360 on the board and land
it and apparently when she tried to land
it she landed right in the middle
cracking it in half so rest in peace -
my hoverboard I think there's a way I
can fix it like there's some videos
videos on YouTube of how to weld it or
something like that but I mean I'm in LA
a tactic right now I don't know if I'm
gonna have time to do that more of the
story is when you go to sleep keep your
hoverboard by your side what up guys so
I'm about to be at YG's dorm I'm gonna
pull up when I try to pull off the prank
I got the Windex Gatorade it's a Windex
bottle with Gatorade inside of it I got
to be hella sneaky with this so I told
him to just leave the door open for me
because he says what he was praying
come on crap he said he's praying
I didn't even know that was we're
supposed to go but they're selling
Windex in there so it worked out perfect
what's up fam
about the new song are they far they've
realized my Zen of ballet and with the
very finishing if anyone wonder if
she'll free watch our socks when they
come up probably two weeks pussy cold
huh what I'm missing an eye of all you
one very God that you're so I started to
see other all of us in a crib all pets
away with yelling - huh everything the
main screen like without dirty dishes
you think thanks for your winter night I
think my what did you say well what
would work I think so by antiquity no
way today so I think there's someone to
the same but it over yeah yeah I make my
move across a kid it don't try to think
of another I'm traveling a way to create
my brother Brooke are you happy let me
get some opportunity mush is that what
they profess ID us how do you think it
should taste
start drinking stop you doing smells all
coming clean shit thanks like so what
are you doing stop are you doing what
you do is you wanna try it
Isis kobuichi stop turn around with next
challenge stop it has any mine comes out
why I just want to taste it yeah oh shit
I just want to see how it tastes
why don't you see what I see how excit
seeing the when he blows bubbles in that
alfalfa okay you stop how's it taste
what's wrong with you Road
it's not that bad are you serious okay
guys what the hell is wrong with you
stop guys stop with the shit that's not
in the money
stop that's not bad it's pretty good she
can mean it what does it taste of it yo
no baddest for you you know freakin bad
that is hella chemicals kind of hell's
wrong with you oh so stupid
I'm good right now so I'll fight you
good yeah hi stuff I see the moveme will
get my blood shit you me too like a
coverslip dude
- shit you me I'm - you know you sit
your help doesn't come down wrong with
you the style playing when I see this
night you took two three sips because I
screwed that up late shitting 20-below
stop quicker plated it should stop me to
play it like with the beauty talk about
is not what he did then this is not
funny guys I'll see you don't play all I
did I don't clear out of his head stop I
can't take you serious there that I
stopped you fucking - guys fun guys
alright okay one only one lot something
you wanted it
oh I said it all the same ok ok ok
this is generating what the fuck you
need it carries with it the shit you
meeting up a good Gator view but put it
blue Gatorade in here what do you mean
you just got out to comfort you we took
your brains on we could put it under
your sink so what do you mean you had
this shit already will you
not gatoring is gearing smell it oh shit
bring it oh shit
it's a break back oh the cameras right
here
alright guys watching rush so I just got
up and how does it feel bad I mean I
apart of you I felt I knew you were
messing around like that's how I do
damn she's done right no friends look at
it anyway we're at cream right now it's
a cookies and ice cream we're going to
be you know we've been talking about
getting videos for life swings monkey
right now we're going
yeah but every time we got it's too
crowded that's why all right so
basically you pick out your cookie
you pick out your cookie and then you
pick out your ice cream and they make it
a sandwich
break it down hit that dad
oh yeah which was out you haven't seen
people do it you do lose you do I don't
know how to do I want you to all the
city look at this one huh why
which one do you usually do
so we're back at the crib about to play
some NBA 2k15 not 16 next time I come to
your fucking house you know we have the
newest shit pick a language right
yeah the newest what is this your the
newest game I got girls talking on the
street what it is bro come on this isn't
even two K's freaking it wide u.s.
fashion shows and shit coming soon food
works
anyway I'm but last time I was here I
whip this ass into km I do it again take
him out of my face
my ball yeah for my blog I love you I
watched that last night I watch that
last piece of my ball you're a ball of
these damn prawns like tuna that I might
have put down the main channel is really
would have had a million yeah one dude
how many how many
I don't know I was done back then I
would just put off if I could go back in
time row back to the future with well
how do you go to a quick game how do you
go to quick game go to NBA today yeah
all right guys I'm about to whoop his
ass
comment down below who you think is
gonna win and you'll find out in 10
seconds guys let's just take a moment to
look at the score here 59 250 38 seconds
left i'm winning i'm playing with one
hand I'm gonna I'm gonna finish I'm
gonna finish it play with one annual
power traveling Oh God I won you thought
you got a following look at that I'm the
Lakers guys come on Jack fam you don't
want asommus you win it's too easy guys
it's too easy alright guys so I won both
games again Wow no life right now
it's good goody although going oh my god
you guys you saw that only shit
beats being dragged try to break my
equipment look at this guy begin oh yeah
I feel like you want a presidential
election okay first of all Paul George
Miss fig I don't Paul George this is a
car in 41 points this is a choice
potential Jerry mouse this is not the
full address module Rebecca no this is a
tow truck is gonna can you stop run I'm
trying to get a run at you and you're
gonna jump are you in there cheaters
come on you that's gonna be you tomorrow
you better jump on you Mac Apple oozma
Kappa
who's McHale captain Java all right guys
right now stop stop can you think I'm
trying to film an intro for my freakin
vlog all these guys over here you gotta
help my camera into the water to show ya
might as well
this way I don't hang out with other
youtubers grown
RESA like me
hello all right guys so we had the Grove
right now but check out the door but I
said check out the second Ikey oh this
is over there we go I'm ugly
damn it you wanna get on the stage fan
hey why don't we do a show right here
wrong do it go get on say
ladies and gentlemen watch us do the the
dab the dab you got an audience member
alright so this Nike is huge look at
this
I don't care they can't hold me back
about a film in here on everything Oh
everything but the only thing that sucks
about this Nike is I don't think they
have a heart they have a elevator one of
the elevator I'd be lazy can you relay
to come all right you guys got this look
at this this is made up of little dogs
and tell them the story you tell I bet
you every see one like you gonna do if
you tell me this is a new rising how
many you really tells you guys you're
sharing your story
as soon as he walks it when did I ever
nineteen your story even though the
sandwiches gone like you guys okay guys
these are made on if you think I just so
where you say the same thing for the
camera way right now I hate you man I
finish it down
Oh
yeah that's crazy
okay your week family Oh Harris Versace
basketball one-on-one basketball coming
soon
yg burstiness listen to a one-on-one who
do you guys consider comment on secular
I'm a dummy to destroy I know you are
thank you like Mon your side heads up
guys put Metro because I'm about to kill
him I'm gonna kill him
he said the bet wasn't kiddo that he
would go to a Nike and we could buy pick
any shoe and goodbye officer no I think
that's what the bellies I don't know
coming down below I think what is too
quick yeah you are going to Paris yes I
know you can't be wrong sometimes but I
think you're wrong on this one preview
what you're going to do the hair is
super passing the ball oh Jesus I can't
see I can't see that's cute
alright oh yeah we have a good Jessica
with a little pump at YouTube / Tomas
Martinez almost look here show me right
there give my buyer right there yeah bye
but that's alright that's not working
anyway you know bring it over they're
gonna hit do it
then there's obviously no see look I
would be like oh we first bought their
book I'm like respond Jumpman Jumpman
Jumpman
are not sponsored by jump man this is
sponsored by Delta well I don't even
have
I know you're doing the airfare now oh
shit
Oh oops it shit ha ha ha
adidas I got bad so guys we're chilling
at the Grove right now I stuffed my face
in some pretzel pretzels yeah I said it
yes don't even worry um why'd you ask
the people want to know yes we've been
getting a lot of questions about
possible rumors of the mammal would
rather separating and they're saying
you're the Zayn Malik of the bunch it's
just it's not working out don't know
what
that's more what why why ask me why
don't know why why that's me
bye wanna know why but don't ask
this is a One Direction song yeah
I got a question for you I got a
question for you
this is this legit serious question say
what I know no I want to dye my hair
always anyone guys I'm gonna tell you
I'm gonna show you a picture of hot what
color how I want to diet oh shit oh shit
is pop taboos don't even worry was that
you got he's a robot does it oh I hate
when my fucking phone connects the
random ass wife I knew it
this is Keith I want my hair like this
what do you think
oh no you gonna do that yeah why not he
sees man what's wrong with it
is it Zayn Roseanne can pull it off man
they say I can't pull it off
that's a Jiang Shi pull up anything okay
but you kid you're not gonna go break
nice man you're not fully great like
still have black but just like the top I
said yo computers do it and if I don't
like it just color a black again right
you say dude
what do you guys think all the guys are
gonna chew me up all the people are
gonna call crisis our high fees oh yeah
why don't I call you that I wanna send I
got ezybox oh shit gum bottoms come on
man no today in on the crew kicks video
I said I could be a high peace and pick
up the mags everybody commented he
called himself he said everybody said oh
he just said he's not a high peace I
didn't say I'm not a high peace I said I
could be a high PMS
stop putting words into my mouth come on
now you just put words into my mouth
wow wow wow I don't care if people call
me a high B's I don't get butthurt at
the end of the day this is this semester
so you sneakerheads I have my Easy's I'm
a big Kanye fan I have my ease ease the
point of that video and wants to take
five things that I don't have in my
collection the reason I don't have them
in my collections because they're
expensive shoes they're just hated and
they're expensive shoes because they're
high if I were to put regular shoes that
I could go by here and there then
there's no point of they're just regular
shoes I could go by you know saying the
ones I do it that I don't have our
expensive ones you know is it a problem
song I'm a problem solver and the
problem I just saw is that yo oh I think
I'm gonna do it next month y'all take
this a thumbs up if you think I should
pull the same man
I see the problem mother running and
falling apologize I got a couple of
dollars to run a company I mean it all
happens so what a politic my bodies are
you for the morning still as you move be
my friend on my dismay resently known as
100 in it and should be on him said
don't usually come to my said love you
no you're wrong I got you doing bitch
another exaggerate struck by doing its
to God so I'm walking all the way over
here to the street to get it a dope shot
of this freakin LAX sign right here this
is like just shows you that you're
either arriving to one of the most
popular popular airports in the world or
you're leaving
right there baby LAX try to get this
camera to focus
shoutout to watch you for breaking my
camera today there we go
dark sky paradise man I feel my mission
got the same goal
they don't wanna pull but I'm coming
down for a different angle real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't lives in a
while I'm talk to a wizard
