which we know is somebody I got the i
gotta i got the eye i got the digital
dash pause that shit you guys let's take
a look at what crew kicks is done going
into our fourth week first of all I love
the hype or hot video I love the concept
i love the idea and you know the funny
thing is we came up with the video idea
for this
we came up with the video for idea for
this right when we got to LACMA
we came up with a video idea for this
when we got to lack my and we said let's
each do an interview let low let's each
do a review and then let's decide let
the people decide who had the better
opinion so we definitely me and Jamie
are gonna do more of these since he's
like the real one and then I'm like the
hypebeast so it is it's a great mixture
you know what I'm saying so that's that
but the main important thing that I
wanted to show you guys is that the crew
man you guys are amazing look at this
we're twenty eight thousand subscribers
were almost at 30,000 subscribers in our
fourth week of crew kicks it's freaking
crazy so yeah I'm super excited about
that also you guys know I do have three
sneaker giveaways to do and those are
going to happen next week when I go back
home because I'm obviously not home and
I don't have any sneakers to give away
because I'm surely not giving away these
yet keyword yet I'm not giving those
away ever and those are the only two
shoes have right now so yeah man anyway
about to get up get ready and hit Los
Angeles cuz I gotta go find an apartment
and I got it I still the first to the
first one more thing before i hop in the
shower a Roman Atwood is by far the best
vlogger on youtube I love ish and does
anybody know what camera he uses because
I really want his camera and this camera
here I have a problem always with
getting dust in the lens and there's
tons of dust in the lens which affects
focusing so that's that so if anybody
knows what camera romanatwood is
currently using I would greatly
appreciate it after 30 minutes of
contemplating my outfit I'm out of here
simple undies can are you go you just
start according to competing beautiful
gone very chicken
I had to cut visit bay at work right now
shout out to this guy he's been keeping
me calm the past few days on a mountain
la stress and stress I mean dress shirt
I'm tired man imma go to a hotel after
this and go get four more apartments I
don't know where he's at how you sing us
a song all right you got some money I
don't know this motherfucker he got your
name here I gave you money last time got
a copy yeah I guess you got me some
money to I like this guy hold on you
gave you five dollars he did i'm gonna
try to see if I can eat then again I
want to be a billionaire oh yeah hit the
road jack you're not looking outside but
hold on let me give him a little bit
it's rad hat all right go ahead give me
with your mom I want to be a billionaire
so fucking bad by all the bullshit
you see I want to be on the cover of
forbes magazine smiling next to Oprah
and the Queen because every time I close
my g-ma meaning shiny like hello Vivian
city every night oh my well welcome to
prepare imma be named I fuck that up
boom boom boom hit road no more no more
no more it road jack don't come back
what you say all of it all the way
through so me meals all girl that I ever
feel because if you say so I got to
publish it and go that's my approach at
don't come back no more no more tomorrow
right well Jack don't come back no more
I got your funny oh I don giovanni you
gotta be friday friday monday no crime
fighter you damn i'ma tell my people if
you guys see him because a lot of people
come from a lot of my audience members
come and they take pictures with him
yeah they see you in this area i'm at
own give him some rice yes the gall to
lose something you are broke right you
want to be on Ellen so that what appeal
anybody's you know need a fuck up just
look you know I've been out here trying
to wow these white folks I mean these my
school just trying to make him feel warm
and fuzzy and shit you know I tell my
own fight and unless you ask real nice
to know I know I know I know pump I'm
rested in to the challenge that's like a
James revived but you know I'm trying to
cheat you lie with you why kids don't if
I got to cover and a beautiful love so
we'll come with you and your girl you
got got you covered i'm gonna try
I won't make you feel the love did I'm
feeling right now look at these two go
for the mayor easy easy load Destin
Destin hey me drop you that's where I
left truck engine okay thank you very
good it's always gonna be on campus from
put all that you don't fit all that are
you can edit no I'm uncut and put that
off you don't quit alright I like you
now can i bum any change you gotta
change time no cash but hey they gonna
take care of you my people gonna take
care of you when they come out here
they're gonna try catching bomb all
right hey we'll be putting it up
tomorrow no not like in two days two
days today I'll be rich in Cooney don't
fuck with me because I'm machine angle
think by that time 50 you get excuse me
pick on with you peasant not only do I
brother take this man
that's the real plug I know what we had
damn i shaved my beard came too long I
like it anyway uh with the riff offices
not a lot of people come up here to be
giving you this opportunity to see these
cool things we're coming with the yellow
boy power moves my gosh whoa well I
really feel like I didn't mention in the
video but I do really want them nerves
and I really want the galaxies I love
those TVs what about the baby shoes so
these are swag sauce is actually strikes
collection and then this is harris the
collection so harris does where's I'm
too big I mean swagger is I'm too big
but definitely you know swag both 30
bucks OBO so let us know we take it too
hard on the kids jump it punch me with
the Sun pacquiao thing again right over
oh sorry our patio Manny Pacquio
technically just put me right now we out
here we have so much things in here cuz
then I want to really get into it like
we have like oh shit we have all of a
lot of Kobe Bryant air force ones right
here here never seen before I don't
immediate family we got ogia infrared 6s
2001 black cement 3s
if anybody guess is what that is out if
you ever seen I'll give you two dollars
and I leave this here town and then go
back in the shower or the shuttle shops
really close I just pray internal swaggy
P philippe chansel swaggy P we need some
really big rains we get a really big
team now what a time I got a really big
team that I got done filming with one
now I'm going to the other shut up man
he just got into the resale game Houston
games wrong we just filmed this first
unboxing today the first of many if
y'all trying to buy these shoes off him
hit him up on Instagram Twitter most uh
I'm not paypal ready so meetups only in
LA I'm serious hit me up different from
my leg you can get these shoes how much
will talk about that in Twitter hmm yeah
what up guys so I don't know I always
say that but I'm back to my hotel room
looking like the Hamburglar with this
shirt I don't think I'll ever wear this
shirt just like this like when I wear it
I was wear a hoodie on top and just have
it dangling out the bottom but it looks
like a girl's Jess to keep it real with
you guys but anyway back to my hotel
room a productive day man shot three
videos apartment hunting like I told you
guys now I'm just gonna start editing
all that shit so um yeah man and I'm
really pissed off because the three
videos that I shot today including the
two videos i shot yesterday i was
filming only on 720p that sucks so i
just changed the setting on this so
starting tomorrow if the court of the
quality is bad on the videos then I'm
sorry about that on crew kicks but we're
gonna change that fix the settings on
this I sucked when it comes to like
settings and shit I know my GoPros on
the wrong setting to I need to fix that
but so that's that and then I was
talking about the stats of um of the
crew cakes but I just checked like five
minutes ago and the vlog channel is
fifteen thousand subscribers away from a
hundred thousand man that's
another plaque maybe I'm so excited and
that really cheered me up today and yeah
man fifteen thousand subscribers away
from crew TV becoming a hundred thousand
subscribers channel so that's two in the
books man and if we can get crew kicks
200,000 by the end of the year man three
hundred thousand thousand subscribers
channels in 2015 white Oh whoa-ho-ho
with that hair needs to go um yeah man
it's crazy ridiculous man ridiculous but
anyway man wrapping it up man I did a
lot of talking in today's vlog as you
guys can see my mood is way different
than it was about three vlogs ago when I
was telling you guys about my whole la
living situation and all that stuff so
it's because I've been like actually
active and things are slowly starting to
get better and there's beauty in the
struggle you know what I'm saying so
shouts out to Jake whole for that line
but you know there's gonna be bad days
but you just gotta stay positive because
for every bad day God makes it up with
an amazing great day and even if it's a
bad day you got appreciate it because
even though I'm complaining about being
without an apartment out here look I
still got somewhere that cuz I still got
a benefit see Ben I mean I still got
friends who live out here like Jamie who
are keeping me sane and and I still got
a roof over my head and I got food on
the table and and all that so I'm still
grateful and don't think I don't
appreciate that stuff so positive no man
uh and then on that one and I hope
everybody else has a great day hope
every when I was a great weekend and try
to take advantage of everything you have
in front of you man and stop worrying
about shit that's behind you because the
future is important the past the past is
a bunch of memories and the present is
where you just create great
so create greatness baby I'm out of here
good night y'all good morning Oh LAX in
this vision oh yeah I'm up looking as a
friend they don't see my vision pictures
over change but I failed my mission got
the same goal then feeling when I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel
