another day in the streets of LA about
to go link up with Jamie again he's off
to work right now watching a homeless
guy cuts out a tree think this is X
former roommate never paid his rent and
we on these streets man the easies man i
wear these easy everyday bro i miss my
black hair
I left the back home but I got my 750
Simon throw my sympathies on tomorrow so
for over one year now you guys have been
asking me where has this I'm gonna put
you in minute stop so you guys have been
asking me why this guy has not been in
the vlogs for over a year they're saying
oh what's going on how come he's on the
crew anymore finally we reunited thank
you ready for this everybody a hey there
he is whatever I even give him 100 Joe
why are you crying bro oh you're trying
to get oh you're trying to promote your
book what chapter you want are you gonna
do a book signing with flag damn i see
with the fitfam you got the tie what are
those all right family yard areas man
thumbs up we made it out the hood don't
even worry man don't even worry wait is
it focus pretty focus of him get the
focus Perry girl
what up everybody is an episode of a my
dozen jamie vlog dan wait my Corina
fucking right now what's up everybody is
a ma is Mike how everybody this is an
episode of white doesn't jamie vlog
which I have my damn ATM card
with a the most magnificent blogger of
all time underrated self-proclaimed
champion of the world nananana hey I
give it to the kid we're doing a some
crew kicks videos today strike you're
right this would be before after ha yeah
this is one of my very sought-after
shoes that took me forever to get I
kinda sizing and luckily a story up in a
bay had another pair and then lovely
cars here was able to slice well funny
story I never told you you see you see
that the bar code is Mark yeah that's my
bosses this was my box of shit already
yeah let's make months are his shoes and
it's also fun to see got it I don't know
how they got it but originally it is
yeah then I got sold out of the shop and
then I got back to this hello the jet
Derek Jeter once my babies I was alright
what is it Louise are you crapped out on
the online
I caught that online I'm so fucking
shoes a bad day
I know I'm busting ass why you today I
don't wear my sneakers I just like I
know I haven't worn in a while no so
we're not gonna do on yeah we don't be I
give a fuck what it is that way too much
I just don't have time to wear shoes
that's today I hasn't it's from 10 to 10
today we're in these bad boys I had a
worm because I never get to wear my
shoes out so yeah
Chester the no broad day today tell my
big voluptuous women out there I love
you off that Justin is that your uh love
advice in the day no love advice of the
day is was the one I told you later oh
my god I got it this is low
and actually doesn't know your value she
on this every time am I it's that as a
no dr. J
so on yesterday's vlog we said that in
Jamie came through with this that's it
he would be the plug of the year but he
came empty-handed it's not his fault oh
you know he's working on it all right
would we see today to the role of this
hell in the cell production predictions
this one's looking
top anything I just like is that your
bed super dog
the same to not win
oh all of a sudden the golden black make
it safe mom
i'm going to say undertake education
sure and if it doesn't I quit but it has
that something epic hasn't happened the
last one will be fine tombstone on the
top of the server 3 w's PG now that I
can even go up there i'll be i wrote
matches that we will be there y'all it's
going to be a staple center so if you're
at Hell in a Cell Jake is gonna be
dressed up as Bray Wyatt are you gonna
dress up as anyone I think imma finally
move into guys who ever the reaction
will be there so if you guys are at
Staples Center Hell in a Cell cat just
there we don't have tickets yet but
we're working on in your room anybody
got the plug you know let us know
because maybe the plug from ww yet I got
the phone for a long
we'll find out anyway we had chipotle
and we just killed our burritos you be
some tunes for mine my burrito is half
like chewy say what I bid for this on
your slack
read cub leading fear mother laser fire
beer very few cheese comes home hahahaha
just so you guys know that the main goal
besides blowing up an angling like I
don't know nobody
BAM hold on I was about to tap the
screen to focus beautiful it's no fan
just know that's the main goal you have
car loans I have destination goes trust
me trust me that did you rush me yeah
that's a reasonable day when I shut down
there trust me daddy chipotle that's
have a color from now on Triple lip
galveston Paula are some char get you
have to Charlie after King a target
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life
