what up guys so as you can see I'm back
in my rental car my soccer-mom mobile or
suck the mom mobile and half a mile turn
right onto I 405 north towards
Sacramento alright I will buddy I'm
about to go eat right now because I have
an 8 and I got like no energy right now
don't know where I'm sleeping tonight
we'll find a place and yeah man at
late-life for you I would have y'all
guys finally yeah we're about to go
upload a vlog finally after two days of
missing it just gonna cussed me out for
missing two days I'm unsubscribe yeah we
done subscribing to the channel that
he's on are you gonna give him a love
advice so you need a minute to think
about it family you guys let me get a
minute let me get the scenery right okay
scene scenery is key when it comes to
love
alright guys anyway Halloween gang cash
is there don't even worry about it just
know that a fire Halloween vlog is
coming right Taliban movie I'll be a
Starbucks right now Jamie's using my
phone to text my in my group chat
because you - cool - swag dragon Jamie
are beefing Yellen do we have Starbucks
I'm up looting
finally man
we on the hiatus of Knobloch for fun
getting that life gone and young Wi-Fi
in this bubble on target we should
target low key
we served the requirements the bedroom
we own our anymore
doesn't sound right there that is when
he heard a kid when started on the drive
I'm still waiting for the love advice
but we'll get it to go get it at Target
guys look at this dude to be like my car
is compact this is compact parking Pham
what up guys welcome to the first
edition with two BJ's at BJ's with gave
me the grade
BJ standing for big journey so we want
to know what your big journey I'm just
kidding
anyway Jaime's going in on these wings
right here family just get the food
don't even worry bro
friend
you won't let me
I don't like those things out
sweetie barbecue I can't do any spicy
food guys don't ever offer to be spicy
to my family
no we don't have but you need to come to
the bay Jamie hey 3000 thumbs up and
Jamie has to come to the Bay Area and go
to my favorite restaurant
other amenities
me too
they almost up for five thousand on the
one that says a lot to me pal a
but you didn't get 5,000 so silly good
for an apartment right now
yeah man
all kids I know about these bad boys
homework whatever names that shoot I'll
send them something for Mitchell damn
hella cool anybody can get that that's
too easy
no one knows chasing kids I got a
question though what I know those these
are the brands lat
that's nasty
sneaker shopping with Jamie continues
you know we don't mess with mattad for
all all right fine I didn't even think
we were gonna buy anything but we did
sneaker shop shout out to the plug so
fam what you caught them
swagger goody then you know we had the
cop right here too shoutout to Kanye let
me take these out for y'all oh you
already know what it is man I'm keeping
my pair Jamie flip in despair three
hundred ovo sneaker shopping with Jamie
continues this give me a crew kicks
video low-key
kids then they got the undefeated
I know but I just really like retail
don't know you're a trip so it's way
easier people fight just for the
experience
no no they buy because they like Kanye
West dumbass
so people walk in like you know no
friends but we have overseen like people
that fly to Atlanta and they come to
rebel a family again with some love
advice before we split our ways right
now we're at Target you know we're in
the mood
we're like it's a date you know okay we
thought sneaker shopping with Jamie now
we need target shopping with Jamie show
us what's your build us an outfit oh one
outfit for the winner okay damn
oh I like that shirt right there it
looks great
you got the extended tee shout out to
Harris Dan that's a dope fit actually
and then fashionista screw the jeans you
just cut the top and look at the great
job
I feel great with this Danny already got
extended teaser target out fan target is
coming up so realest man alive man
that concludes our day with Jamie
it wasn't the longest vlog but it was
fire in my eyes and I'm blurry tell you
know you know what they call me fam when
I'm out here on these undies when you
see these lights young target shout out
to young riff the plug guys go on his
Instagram and go cut all these pictures
with the plug emoji no don't do it until
until tomorrow's vlog if you see me in
tomorrow's vlog with some nice purchase
and then you guys do this oh don't do it
right now don't touch me no everybody
gonna follow you if you come through
you're not the most famous person I
places me for sure they know that one
I'm the second I'm right after Travis
Scott I'm sticky just know that
Halloween gang is coming fam are you
gonna kill of advice I won't fam come on
you're killing time Jenna wastes time
should act like you got this lover this
this is love without the G
if she don't know what's on your feet
she don't belong on your side
dick something for the speaker heads out
there dr. J right here for you said that
game over bro come on yeah alright
alright y'all so this is where we end
the vlog we will see Jamie tomorrow and
see people through you'll see mr. mark
no but yeah tomorrow's when they find
out I'm still gonna floss mics might not
see you but you might come through
yeah oh so don't tell him what it is how
they gonna know I haven't posted
anything like you're gonna put the shoes
in my trunk all right well Jamie any
last words before we end the Block baby
mama try looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures over change but I
still my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what
