so lochia got excited because I thought
my car was outside for like 0.1 second I
thought this was my car then I realized
I got my rental let me go show you guys
the outside view of my dope-ass rental
because we keep it lost out in butter
shoes untied
hold on keep the sake ooh
swaggy when you have your own socks boy
and your shoes untied but you're too
lazy so let's check this car out though
swag right now look at this thing if you
see me on them streets howl at me you
know this is called 2015 I'm not a
soccer mom but I'll sock your mom
QoP mobile for the next few days so yeah
man I'm proud of this this whip you know
what I'm saying it's not the i8 yet but
it's up there you know yeah what up guys
you already know what it is from the
ceiling lights young target I've been
here about to give you guys a full one
one of the fashion trends of the fall
let's start out with that camo because
camo is popping oh I thought this was a
full camo Eddie it's only half camo we
don't do that you need full are full if
you're looking for some dope jackets man
for a reasonable price reasonable price
you know I don't like that never mind
guys targeting why they like why are you
selling shorts right now even though
these are really soft why are you
selling shorts that's just what I want
to know these green ones are dope though
low-key
and don't you open up that window
Loki's at the night show so I'm at the
mall guys and today is one of those days
where you really really really consider
going to the mall by yourself and going
to the movies by yourself I'm thinking
about going to the movie right here
about myself I really don't know because
I want to watch the second part - maze
runners but nobody has really seen the
first one that I know so it's
unconvenient for the kid so I might just
go on my own but I'm gonna take a walk
around this mall to kill some time no my
mom sending this to my mom oh good
so I put yeah this year it kill some
time and walk around the mall because I
got all my work done for the day
as far as editing and all that stuff so
I'm super happy about that and yeah man
all right guys so this is not flattering
angle but I told you guys to ask me some
questions on I've just the first time
I'm doing a Q&A and forever so I asked
you guys to ask me some questions on
snapchat so you guys just freaking snap
mean and literally I just asked like two
minutes ago and already I have hella
requests so let's see hopefully people
send me videos because I don't want just
like how do you do that somebody asked
me how do I do that those are actually
swagga Diddy's feet so that's how I did
that guys where do you see yourself in
ten years in ten years I see myself in
my future mansion with my beautiful
future wife with my future kids and
being able to support my family as well
as my parents and being on the big
screen so you will see me in my own
Batman movie also priceless season
you know but then you're fired
be a pop artist five top hip hop artists
of course
Kanye Drake I'm gonna go based off of
all time not right now even though he's
not that like he's not as good as he was
when he was he was how he was a few
years away ago I'm gonna go with Wayne
so that's a Kanye Drake Wayne feel like
there's somebody really important that
I'm forgetting Big Sean oh there we go
fuck idiot Big Sean and who else I think
those four are like guarantees and the
fifth one I'm just gonna go based off
some one that I'm enjoying right now all
right I'll go with J Cole I guess cuz I
really do like Jay Cole's last two three
albums and they're classics one their
albums that you can never get sick up
you know there's always albums where you
can listen to a fear a few times but
then there's albums that you can't get
stack up but I'm not here to say that
with that hard to cool thing because I I
just you know started listening to him
sneaker that you've ever bought the
first sneaker that I ever bought myself
but the first sneaker them I can't
remember the first secret ball myself
honestly I think it was the white and
orange double zeros in high school but
the first sneaker that my dad bought me
was the Air Jordan 12 cherries I don't
know how old I was but it was 1996 and
after that I bought the 13s to play off
their teens the year after that he
bought him for me and then after that I
didn't buy any more until I got into
high school and I started buying like
Air Force Ones and stuff because I was
working at my family restaurant my
favorite member of friends this is a
really good question
I really like Ross I think Ross is
definitely my favorite character because
he's just so funny with this karate' and
all that so definitely i'ma go with Ross
what's your favorite song right now my
favorite song right now is I got the
digital - she went a picture with all
the months to just make the visual last
but she's too embarrassed to ask the 6
December man we're trying to set up this
tour for December so we're trying to do
Toronto in New York City and and
Washington DC / Virginia so where else
would you guys like us to come comment
down below we're gonna try to make it
happen the only thing with that is that
we're trying to find out how we're gonna
be able to pay for all of our flights
and shit because we want like the whole
starting six to come which is me Ahmed
yg hair is swag
mocha I don't you guys know mocha is but
mocha and so we're trying to figure out
how we can pay for our flights and
things like that so it's just it's
something that we want to do and all of
the meetups will definitely be free we
don't we don't want to do like a show or
anything cuz we would have to pay for
big venues and things like that so we're
trying to right now just do those cities
and do free meetups which you guys so
trying to figure out how we can fund the
flights and things like that so how you
been found I got like 50 how you been
fans oh good you know
I stopped monthly pickups because I got
lazy to keep me real with you guys but I
am bringing him back for on crew kicks I
was gonna do September but then I
realized I'm gonna wait until October
because I'm gonna get a but if I were to
do September I would have had hella
pieces that I got way before September
so I'm starting in October so probably
November like the first week in November
you'll see the return of monthly pickups
to crew cakes Oh fuckin of course this
mother all of a sudden bro fuckin Lu
well Lakers point guards okay if you
could have one sneaker to the whole
world
Bullock any sneakers subscribe
shit and we out sweaty
where's the place of size for blowing
stuff up ma'am - I just really want to
be in the blog I really love me man it's
another 80 clickers looked up to me
anybody answer all these questions BAM
okay I'm your students gonna try to run
through everything he asked me right now
from the top what's one sport that I
know that I wish I played this soccer
definitely because my dad loved soccer
and I disappointed him by not playing
soccer yes you're gonna be in the vlogs
I heard your jackoff comment I can't
remember what else he said man all right
there you go you got God it's driving me
crazy man Kanye was one those are sixes
why don't he said well he said why the
only Jordans you have ones and sixes I
also have ovo ten it's just I love the
Jordan ones and I don't want to have
shoes in my collection that I'm not
gonna rock all the time
that guy rock my Jordan wants all the
freaking time you guys know that you
know I'm sayin so I just I just love
Jordan ones I don't know and it's been
an obsession of mine this year so maybe
I'll get over it but I really love
Jordan one side I'm not a big fan of
like threes and fours and things like
that there's like some dope colorways
but nothing that I want in my collection
and I'll wear everyday
sup guys I was just wondering what is
swaggy Diddy's real name because I have
no idea
bt-dubs I may be damned so I can do
these real name is Syrah
that's all I can tell you if you had to
wear one shoe for the rest of your life
what would be easy booze low 350 pirate
black
so fuckin comfortable
are you bet man I tell my question for
you eight
how you been fan oh how you been I'm so
good good family oh shit hey yo young
target if you be any animal what animal
would you be I would be
I would be a penguin I really like
penguins yes we will be doing more dj
khaled parodies if you guys go cook that
thumbs up button I think we want to do a
DJ calico sneaker shopping parody so
that would definitely be funny is book
shop gosh how many about your 784 754
how much did I pay for my Easy's I paid
one thousand and two hundred dollars for
my ez 750 s alright guys so that's it
for today's Q&A I hope you guys did
enjoy it let me know if you guys want me
to do it a little bit more often when I
don't let me know if you guys want me to
do these Q&A is more often if you guys
enjoyed it I definitely sit down and do
some more Q&A switch you guys hope but
hopefully I got to answer some of your
guys's questions and thanks for keeping
it lit with me
and Yemen alright alright III so I guess
I got a dis has been my house key for
the past couple days a couple weeks back
and forth from LA to the Bay Area well
not just this but I've been staying at
home and not random
I miss thing at different hotels staying
at different friends houses just trying
to be in LA here yeah because I don't
want to go back home I'm looking for an
apartment out here
there was just times in your life and
you got to make changes and right now is
one of those times and that's why you
guys see me out here so much then that's
why he sometimes I miss vlogs is because
I'm out here and I'm living out of a car
I did have my car my car's back home now
but I'm living out of rental cars right
now so I'm basically wasting a whole
bunch of money on the hotels and cars
and I'm trying to get
apartment so um I do have to sneaker
giveaways to to give up to you guys
because I did miss two vlogs and I'm a
man of my word now so I have to sneaker
giveaways that giveaways that I'm gonna
do once I get back next week to the Bay
Area so a Belkin for your road blows
hopefully I noticed another day cuz then
that would make it three sneaker
giveaways I wouldn't know one of the
shoes I'm giving away is the kd4
Easter's which I give away like a year
ago but the person who won them there
was a problem with her address and I got
shipped back to me and I never got his
new address but I got a pair of kt4
Easter's that I used to hoop in that I'm
gonna be giving away so I'm gonna be
giving those away and another shoe away
next week when I get back home to the
bay because obviously I don't have them
here so I'm not gonna give away
something that's not in my possession at
the moment and yeah man basically uh
home I'm not homeless um basically I'm
making some changes to my life so
that's for everyone who's wondering and
people you guys always ask me to keep it
real with you like you guys say why do
you do daily vlogging if you don't tell
us exactly what's going on in your life
there are certain things that I do keep
from you guys because those are certain
things that I'm not comfortable talking
about even though they are daily
vlogging at the point of logging is to
talk about your whole life but there are
some things in my life that I do keep
private so I apologize for that and
Yemen I'm gonna be checking out in this
hotel in about two hours so I woke up
pretty early today which is surprising
and I don't need that key anymore which
just landed in my Easy's
talk about aim magic or is it magnets
yeah
