I
what up guys so I just got to LAX and
I'm dead tired I barely slept last night
just gonna save us up in start-up water
login here in this microphone guys
talking too loud so I'm going to talk to
you guys when I get my bad right now i'm
here at la people looking at me like I'm
crazy because I brought my I brought the
Hubbard through airport and it was it
wasn't even a struggle with
how about to die right here I gotta go
this way
looking for the hotel shadow and I think
I found it
I gotta go pick up my money in the bank
so I'm going to check in with you guys
right now and I go get that money in the
bank that I left at the hotel last time
I was out in LA so
all right guys
I'm tripping out right now see this is
why I love LA they actually give you a
boy a rental car nagging a key so I went
to her shout out to Hertz rental are
obviously much anyway they didn't have
the economy car that I reserve so they
gave me this SUV for the next few days
and I actually want to extend it because
I got this for like a steal so I think
gas is gonna kill me though I'm it's
gonna be busy until like eight pm so i'm
going to edit um I'm gonna go edit
somewhere and that's what I'm gonna be
doing most of the day so I'm sorry for
everybody who was waiting for the crew
kicks in yesterday's vlog I had to
upload it a little late but you know
don't kill me i didn't miss a day so you
guys don't give us get a sneaker give
away just yet you know i'm saying so
yeah if you're lost pull over buddy um i
was gonna say something oh yeah oh no I
was gonna say was able to say oh damn i
was gonna address something that you
guys said in the comments oh yeah about
my fam about me saying fam I said I was
gonna cut fam out of my vocabulary but
guys nothing happens overnight ok I'm
trying well I'm not really trying but I
wish I could but it's just stuck in my
vocabulary people are like he's such a
hypocrite he said he was gonna cut farm
out of his vocabulary but he's saying it
right now I'm unsubscribing like it's a
freakin word like you know calm down
calm your tits okay anyway let's go
right here sassy is now walking down the
street she's ready to kill somebody this
guy right here is jay walking that's
Elliot its finest and I might just hit
him no okay well we'll let him live
another day live to see another day or
die to be the hero no you either die to
view that you either die to be that you
either live to become the villain or dot
fuck can't believe I can't remember this
right now but I'm just gonna cut the
camera off because I'm so embarrassed
I guess came and see my face right now
dude but what's up everyone hope
everyone's having a great day it's a
great start to the weekend it is
currently friday so yesterday i didn't
vlog much i barely blog at all because i
didn't do anything I was out in la just
chillin with my homies and shit and I
just wanted to end it vlog and actually
tell you guys that I didn't vlog
yesterday but I still tried to upload
for you so I'm going to panera bread
right now to go upload I'm in hot ass
Los Angeles still it's friggin burning
this rental cars on max AC oh no it's
not let's AC and it's not even working
ok future we know ok but anyway sorry
guys for a doll flogged I'll try to be
more entertaining today I don't think
I'm going to see the crew today though I
might watch G they're all busy with
school so hopefully we'll get them in
there tomorrow for you guys and Yemen
have a great day have a great weekend
and we will make sure you guys go watch
the new crew kicks video because today's
crew kicks is the first time we're doing
a skit on that channel so make sure you
guys watch that for sure and I'm gonna
go cuz I gotta follow these directions
right love you guys stay blessed have a
great weekend and this group oh yeah an
update on the beef between me Harrison
swag you know we're doing some legal
work to get them out of their contracts
with all that going on and a lot of
people were mad at the title of that
vlog but you know you know what it is
what it is you know what I'm saying
sometimes you got to put titles to get
the attention of the viewers like if
that title said like something stupid
you weren't it clicked on it right but
it's something interesting so you
clicked on it and you watch you know
what we call that in the world we call
that great marketing ok of course i'm
going to use great marketing to build my
view count for the for every vlog that I
can the more views the more we built the
crew the more subscribers for other
people are hating on the clickbait as
part of YouTube man you gotta do it you
gotta do it you gotta do it all right I
love you guys I'm sorry for misleading
you sometimes but it is what it is what
a time to be alive that's all I can say
all right love you guys hey looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I still my
mission got the same goal then feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
