how can I say no hockey not now
whenever I trip my Bude my double chin
start showing and people always start
writing oh he's getting fat he's getting
fat in my butt chin so truly I hate it
man but I have to trim it every once in
a while because I got to digital - I
also don't feel pretty cool because like
the one day I don't want to have my like
little baby lighting on lined up like I
don't get lineups obviously but I do
clean up my like half-assed widow's peak
and I just forgot to do it this morning
and now I feel like shit and I'm not
going back home until like later tonight
because I'm going to Harris's we're
gonna go see Harris so it's good we got
a dumpling of long for you guys today
should be a great day and I'm in East
Palo Alto which is like straight Hood
like look at this welcome to East Palo
Alto sign right there you didn't see it
but this place used to be way more
ghetto than it is but to get to the nice
area you got to go to the ghetto area
you know what I'm saying so like if I
took you in one of those streets right
there we'd probably get shot
he's ripping this what's up guys so when
to Apple as you saw that guy was getting
turnt apparently he comes into the store
all the time and dances that's what my
cousin told me but I had to return
something currently going now I'm at the
head to Harris so I got myself a nice
it's gotta be about two-hour drive
because of freaking traffic man and this
is just one of the struggles while you
guys don't see Harris all the time I've
told you guys this multiple times this
he lives an hour to an hour and a half
to even two hours sometimes depending on
traffic so but we still try to make it
work just so we can put out dope content
for you guys we're gonna go out and film
a few sneaker reviews and first look at
the LeBrons that come out the Thirteen's
we're gonna get a first look at the 13
thanks to the homie Ryan over at
eighteen fifty fifty eighteen nineteen
eighty five gallery so yeah man
about the head there but I'm pretty
pretty nervous right now because I need
gas and I think the closest gas station
is in East Palo Alto so the boys about
to stop in the hood man pay my respects
young target in this thing you know what
I'm saying when you see me on these
streets just know what it is man world
heavyweight champion don't think I
forgot don't don't think I forgot okay
pulling up behind me
huh
yep young target yep okay I gotta go
guys you can do it
don't stop you got a good momentum now
you're gonna hit the door you messed up
there you go what's up fam heard you be
cup and shoes before they come out film
he's come out out the 1985 gallery I'm
copping DS these came out today as you
guys know the low top royal is very
underrated man and since they have these
still in stock I'm going with the breads
as well so shout out to 1985 gallery you
had to double up today family you look
like a kid in a candy store fam how you
like one I don't wanna like rock these
it's not a following these like to be
honest let's do it on court review then
with the line cross and nothing nothing
too crazy to throw it off a really
simple really nice shoe this is how you
guys buy shoes in 2015 you use the
hoverboard put the range is amazing so I
thought that was your phone
yeah he came through on the red joint
and he is the retching red shirt and red
hat unexpected
I'm leaving number two I retire I'm
never coming back again I'm done
vlogging vlogs are done guys
logs are done life is over life is over
now Afghan weddings back then
I've done weddings in 2015
I heard about that actually oh damn
so I know I said in yesterday's vlog I
would not be copying the Royal ones
because I told you guys about my car
goals now the car goals I mean these are
just I got a good deal man you know the
homie Ryan hooked me up and on feat
these are crazy so and I could I love
Jordan one so yeah sure I bought the two
shoes but the good thing is I returned
the ultra boost which is 200 bucks today
so I went down over to I returned the
shoe and then I bought a new one so I
know I didn't lose money you know what
I'm saying I shoe for sure you know what
I'm saying
huh I saved money yeah cuz I got to shit
I got to shoes for the same price as one
no I'm saying man so hello yeah yeah
thumbs up if you guys think I should
stay in the Bay and then if you guys
don't think I state should stay in the
Bay and I should go to LA comment don't
dislike we don't want we don't like
dislikes alright
now they could get 2000 easy so what the
goal that we put one time was like 5,000
and they didn't get it that was the they
got really close but they didn't get it
so 5,000 likes and I'll stay in the base
but if you guys don't get 500 la wait
this is just not to go this weekend or
to move the stakes are high all right
guys
if this vlog gets 5,000 likes I'm not
gonna move to the bay but I mean I'm not
gonna move to LA you could go like every
week what mics but given what you know I
don't wanna look at your green shit he's
vlogging oh that's disgusting bro so
Harris had one of those freaking Burger
King black burgers yesterday what if
this vlog gets no lights now because
everybody wants me to move to LA don't
go dude how much show okay I'm not gonna
show it I'm gonna look I just don't get
my reaction hello so the hairs had the
new black burger the Halloween burger
from Burger King who has a black bun but
it makes you poop green I can't believe
shit dude you always think this is live
bro that was disgusting it was like it
was like mostly brown with like pieces
of green bro God man things Harris makes
me do that's right I put him through a
lot all right guys I'm gonna try these
shoes on again hey guys here we go
as you can see Kyle Mars on the lovely
red hoverboard aka mine I don't know
what what
Oh guys we have an injury so I get that
he got his toe ran over don't hang
yourself last time you guys came there
was a lot of stuff I didn't show you
guys I looked at the video I sent a
message I said you know what George you
played yourself there was a lot of stuff
you didn't show George you played
yourself congratulations George kiss the
ring
listen all right guys so we're wrapping
it up right now about a head home so I
could go home and pack I got a leave to
the airport in like five hours so I
gotta go get everything ready and edit
these videos Harris we'll see you in a
few weeks actually you won't be on Kruk
TV oh I shouldn't even say that because
then people want to then look you people
tune inches for you critics is this crew
TV Qi TV I love you guys always I'm you
won't see me for a minute but you can
always see me on old plugs can rewatch
him or if i do something cool something
which I probably won't but if I do I'll
send it to Kai's like little clips or
whatever so you guys don't miss me too
much cuz I miss you man then swag is
gonna show you all this dead stock shoes
hey can you leave your head your
hoverboard me no I'm taking it I just I
got on the facts schooling me number
look II just go around hey new video on
the main channel checking out picking up
news on with hoverboard let's see you
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye to these
guys so any last words I love you guys I
heard about live action actually um just
have fun in LA good luck
may the force be with you may the fourth
gooo oh shit yeah you just gave me a
compliment that that means up up
strength you know the strength of mine
let's drink to peace you suck the peanut
foot Oh thumbs up first here's thumbs up
for a kite thing and I know we don't get
5,000 like she's staying in the Bay Area
it's not moving to LA but that's gonna
make people not like we want them to
like the vlog why would it make them not
you won't be by us you want to see me in
Harris that's much but I'll make that
just come visit more once a month yeah
it's kind of a Power Move that's true
alright guys so just no races me we're
splitting up
so guys that come no come no it's like
it in your thumbnail I guess this is the
best time to tell you guys that we're
breaking up this is gonna be the last of
all you guys see us all together it's we
sat down talked about it today and a lot
of a lot of factors going to a lot of
politics we just decided that it was
time
that's one reason is why this is
happening you don't have a fucking
hoverboard a lot of politics and to me
getting hoverboard just in a workout we
talked about it we figured it out that
you know it's better free ologist for
our separate ways and starting his own
channel it's gonna be called wise hair
salon baby so I hope you like is gonna
do some weird
don't nobody things I just activated his
file actually gonna open my own sneaker
account so um my accounts can be called
wise hairs vlogging I'll just be daily
vlogs I hope you don't try to sue me
because I am bro you have a contract
with me I had a lot of fun with food TV
I really had a lot of fun with you guys
the main channel crew kicks I'll also
have to be leaving that channel as well
me too
this is news to me so on my other
channel wise hair is blogging there'll
be wise harris reviewing sneakers and
why his hair is uploading main show
videos there's a lot of drama behind the
state scenes of the Virginia event
there's a lot of stuff that you guys
didn't see um I was supposed to say that
extra day with guys yeah kick tomorrow I
chose to leave early and that's why I
told you just I told Christ we couldn't
hide it from the viewers and we made our
I was a housekeeper the housekeeper and
I just I think he's just been spending
too much time with bb8 honestly and I
feel like they're still friends though
like well yeah we're just gonna we're
still gonna really have a group to chat
with each other all the time
he just buys too many strawberries when
he's by himself having bought
strawberries in a minute you know I
don't eat strawberries anymore he
doesn't even eat them he chops on that's
a guy's week ok that's it
alright so what do you mean it's the
last one and I do
laughs you do that daily motion right
you replaced used my pillow with the zig
Melek pillow I told you that was my
pillow and if you wanted to sleep on it
you canõt I said I want the one with my
picture on it no I told you I deal with
along your picture on it
I sleep with that one between my legs
and it makes me feel comfortable at
night it's hard I sold another thing
between you later you know is that the
only thing you have between your legs
yes I told you that's a rash and we're
gonna go away don't yeah where'd you get
it from huh okay watch was it yd you
knew when his long hair is nice and I
could just grab onto the mat it's cuz I
don't know what they cut off my man but
you might do that out for you you told
me to cut it off I cut it off children
like a man bun at night
I hope looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life your
