so when you see me on the streets and
you know I'm reppin my set I want you
guys to call me young target because the
boys stay in the crib I'll make you guys
a 360 of what's going on right now I
woke up on a daily basis I count the
money man I'm already rich listen to
this and let's all just remember the
fact that I bought a new laptop like a
couple months ago and this thing is
already doing crazy eating nothing
trying to get this crew kicks video and
I want a new vlog camera I'm so needy
man and I can't do it Nova and I wanted
to go buy sneakers today I can't do it
man like I don't need it don't you don't
need it hello so I'm gonna tell you guys
right now don't my Mountain pit here I'm
gonna tell you guys right now you know I
told you how to dress like Kanye but
tonight today I'm gonna show you guys
how to dress like hice the Chi so more
right now okay so basically rule 1 you
dress like Kanye no I'm just kidding
sometimes you know I don't I don't
always go with the Kanye feel like Kanye
would never wear this you know like
Kanye would never well he would wear
that Kanye would never I don't know
about that god damn it
okay this is more like a Drake feel
right here you know what I'm saying so
maybe you know shouts out to the ovo I
have a lot of ovo stuff for no reason
god damn it it's like just too haunting
me with all this Kanye stuff yes you'd
like sometimes I like to switch it up
you know just have I have I do have my
own style despite what some of you
negative people say like oh I might
throw this on where's that right here
this might be the one for today
but how's the weather it's not that cool
I think it's a t-shirt type of day so I
just want to wear something like cool so
I might just wear this it's like one of
my favorite pieces in my whole
collection and the funny thing is I got
this for dumb cheap I got this for like
15 bucks from Urban Outfitters or
something you know I definitely got a
layer so I throw this on under and
that's solid now with this outfit you
know you got to decide what kind of
shoes you want to go with
and is it a Jordan one type of day or is
it a type of day where we want to switch
things up first and foremost man you
gotta go with something sexy oh let's do
yo where'd ya where's my black and white
ones oh thank you I don't know if I'm
gonna keep these or not
where's my black and white ones man hey
Mike I can't find my shoes in this
they're dumb dude
oh you up there down there okay I'd say
it's lit fam it's lit swervin I miss
this thing all those kids in ba got me
missing Bay right now this is kind of
hard to hear but
push it to the limits well guys I know
this lighting sucks ass but I'm at BMW
right now eating seeds I just have to
make an appointment for my car cuz
there's something with the wrong with
the airbags so you always better safe
than sorry but I want to show you guys
my dream car I don't know what it is
about this car but I love it and I want
it so give me about a year and a half or
so
we gonna make this happen the BMW i8
freaking insane man I want this so bad
and I'm not even a car guy but this is
for some crazy
hashtag goals coming soon you know what
the funny thing is man about a year ago
I had all my priorities wrong all my
goals are wrong my goals are tough I
made a list of sneakers I wanted this
year I made a list of grown man things I
want like a list of realistic things
that I should be spending my money on
and reaching my end and sending us my
goals about no sneakers like sneakers
that's just extra stuff you know what
I'm saying and I just had to get my mind
right I'll just show you how one year
can change everything man
so give me a year I will see what
happens I this is why I love California
man I don't appreciate this weather
until I go somewhere lady see us all
gloomy and rainy with possible
thunderstorms and you come back here in
this beautiful County weather is amazing
man but anyway guys I came up with the
new alias for myself so when you see me
on the streets and you know I'm reppin
my set I want you guys to call me young
target because the boys stay in the crib
young target in this better
get it tatted on my chest you know what
I'm sayin and they got that free Wi-Fi
in here I've been so tempted to buy a
ps4 man especially that 2k16 came out
and I haven't played it yet I'm low-key
like dying on the inside but I got to
control myself because I don't need any
more distractions in my life there's a
reason why my systems not working it's
all meant to be man just keep walking
tight
keep walking young target keep walking
young T all of a sudden Harris oh look a
knife and do it well overdue over two
months of a good month overdue look at
this trash get in the car walk life is
good right now for my baby although I'm
planning to replace her oh there's
a bird in this mofo this bird trying to
get a nice little shower to was good
family what's good fam how you been oh
another one another one
oh she got the easy season three old man
damn she's swagging on them something
i'm saucin i'm saucin on you and this is
the after effect so beautiful so
beautiful going for a little cruise
before i have to go back in the house
and start all this computer editing and
work and things like that so i watch
this about to go over this bump I'm
getting pretty advanced I thought I
could grind on it my gaze on that was a
stick a shot dun dun dun
sup guys so I went to dinner with my dad
my sister my brother and they'll watch
the Lakers game after that felt good to
watch a coke debating if I should go in
the morning and cop the Royal lows the
Jordan won the world lows I don't think
I'm gonna go just because I don't think
I'll wear the shoe and it's 130 bucks
that I could just save for something
more important so I got to control
myself as the World Heavyweight Champion
yeah that's it man I didn't really do
anything else today as far as vlogging
but tomorrow I'm gonna head to Harris
cuz we got some stuff to film so
tomorrow's vlog should be as the kids
say late and I'll see you guys tomorrow
man give me a big thumbs up if you can
even though I know this vlog wasn't
crazy and shout-out to crew kicks man
shoutout to crew kicks I'm really
satisfied with crew kicks that's all I'm
gonna say
alright guys take it easy have a good
day have a good Wednesday and we'll see
you tomorrow
back to our normally scheduled
programming or I go try to buy
strawberries instead of going and buying
the Royals tomorrow morning I'm gonna
wake my ass up and imma go to the gym
there we go
Jim sees it looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle
this is real life y'all know what a
