don't use my name to try to make me look
bad and I'm coming take my hand like nah
that's not how all right guys today is
gonna be an epic day our roommate Moka
just left us so it's gonna be kind of
sad but you know fire kicks is still
here great weekend great weekend but now
it's back to reality back to unboxings
and we got two unboxings right now one
of them I have no idea what it is it's
like long and big and then this one I
know what it is so let's go ahead and
open it up if only swag was here to do
the intro on his own but let's just say
it's nowhere to be found
hit the intro what's in the box alright
guys so this one on sale like like two
and a half weeks ago or two weeks ago or
something and I had to get it because I
don't have one yet even though my car is
wrapped in cause I don't own any cause
that I can never find him for retail but
they restocked all them so I got all the
good ones I wanted for retail the BFF
Black Edition BAM so this one just came
out and I got it online I was like
available for a couple hours so I feel
like they did a pre-order on it or they
just made hell of it but yeah the BFF
Black Edition you know me we keep
everything undies we don't open it up
uh-huh not looking a resale like five
fakes
I don't know what the resale value is on
these right now but I give it about a
year or two before these go for high
dollars there you go
pretty cool I mean I like this one I
didn't get the blue one I passed on the
blue one but the black one looks sick I
gotta figure out where I'm gonna put
this but anyway yeah let's see what this
other one is because I have no idea what
this is
wait is this mine
even on this this is not even freakin
mine man the crib yeah poor shadowing up
no mystery package delivery people got
my hopes up on this schedule for today
I'm going to my first Warriors game of
the 2017 2018 season Warriors playing
Clippers here tonight in Los Angeles and
it's only right that we bust out
something special for the game so let's
just say let's open it up all right guys
all set it is a little chilly outside so
I just put on the jacket no warriors
gear like crazy
I'm weren't wearing the curry for hat
from the championship back so hopefully
curry sees that I'll be like you always
good you already know what it is your
boy and I got the Curry's on right here
the black pair not the white pair cuz I
want to get those signed fire kicks got
you I'll talk to my fever all right so
basically I mean you said leave at 6:15
cuz she has to stop I personally have no
plans for Halloween but today should be
fine just because I'm excited about to
watch basketball game ly finally in yeah
get things poppin I'm about to head out
I do not have a g7x which is my smaller
camera which I usually vlog with when I
go to basketball games but I'm gonna be
using my phone today which kind of sucks
but I mean it's better than nothing so
I'll be vlogging with my phone when I
phoned when I get to the arena so I'm
gonna see you guys at the arena I'm
about to catch her right now oh if I
didn't mentioned this already
shoutout to C key because SeatGeek is
the reason why I'm going to the game
today obviously you guys know I always
rep CG and I always work with them the
best place to buy tickets for any event
but we'll talk more about that later
thank you again C geek I'll link them
down below if anybody wants to download
their I can also use my code and get
little discount on your purchase your
next purchase so make sure you do that
and I'll see you guys at Staples Center
Clippers and warriors let's get it
alright guys so we just got to the
Staples Center area and I'm waiting for
me to pull up she should be here any
second now but I'm very very excited man
I feel like I haven't gone to a
basketball game in like two three years
even though it's only been a couple
months since the Warriors won the NBA
Finals in Oakland we actually have a
really really good seats who are like
center court row one you see so gonna be
great again I'm anticipating a very
great game because you know two good
teams obviously Warriors are better so
we're gonna get that W today all right
I'll see you guys inside alright guys so
we just got into the arena
I just got McDonald's I just got a
McDonald's anyway we bout to go to our
seats so we will see
and our seats and yes the dye and I
still started but today is a cheat day
because the Warriors getting a W so see
you guys at there at at our chairs all
right
all right guys so Warriors are smacking
back Cody 74 to 57 Warriors are
dominating I have a watch anyway we're
having a good time right now
yeah we got a lot of move out the way
good you gang
and this game is old
alright guys so we just got done with
the game and we had to stop at Target
one time because I want to get some
groceries Nina wants to get some stuff
for her Halloween outfit so she can wear
it to work what are you gonna be you
already know the man Steph Curry she's
gonna be Curry for Halloween I told her
to be Rikki curry cuz I could give her
my Rikki Jersey but I think she's gonna
go with a new career ampionship curry
yeah we'll see we have two options but I
might put together some hypebeast
out Halloween outfits too when I get to
the crib that would be a good idea for
the video but yeah target hours right
now let's go see what we get
ok back at the crib guys Mina getting
ready for Halloween tucked in yeah like
that yeah yeah like hanging out a little
bit where these just see how it looks
without even without tights on and then
this this would make your outfit perfect
right here let me see that's not funny
where the head thing yeah right there
that's our cue
Irene well that's his Ricky Jersey if
you wear his New Jersey you could wear
that ring yeah seeing is huge
I'm gonna walk in like I'm dying I'm
dating Steph Curry guys know what it's
like basically like my journey from
rookie to MVP type of vibes that's doing
too much I'm gonna be Kanye that's the
only thing I could put together right
now what else can I be a wrestler we're
not alright so I try to do a Kanye
outfit but it on who's it honestly just
looks like something I would wear like
myself so easy season camo t-shirt from
season one obviously the calabasas pants
and then I was gonna burp her Easy's but
like it's so plain that you can't even
tell what it is I'm thinking another
outfit would be to just deck myself and
and like just completely where
everything hi peace right now and take a
picture and be like the biggest hi bees
for you too but then like if I'm being a
hype piece for Halloween then that just
means every day is Halloween because
every day I'm a high beast you know
alright guys so I just want to throw
this in there because I forgot to do it
the other day but I'm throwing it in
here thank you see geek for sending us
to the game we had a fantastic time if
you guys don't know what see geek is it
is like the best market place to buy
tickets they put all these websites that
sell tickets together so you know that
you can get the best price because you
get to compare prices find seats in at
any type of event and yeah I'm gonna
give you guys $20 off your purchase
using my code case so yeah shout out to
see geek and with that being said
downloaded in the description box and
with that being said again now we're
gonna get to what you've been waiting
for so haha go to the conversation where
I sit on the couch and get serious
alright guys so we're gonna have a
little bit of a talk but I promise you
guys this is gonna be a talk that a lot
of people have been waiting for and I'm
finally ready to address it and I didn't
want to address it but here we go
basically I've written down a few topics
I want to touch on I'm gonna try not to
ramble on too much but I kind of just
want to give my opinion on certain
things and kind of just clear the air on
a lot of BS going on out there this is
gonna be like the only time I address a
lot of this stuff I told myself I wasn't
even gonna do it I kind of addressed it
a few vlogs ago but this is gonna be the
full-on thing and I just want to kind of
get it all out of the way and focus on
the future and yeah so let's go ahead
and start with the first thing that I
want to talk about is sneaker YouTube
sneaker youtubers sneaker YouTube beef
drama whatever you want to call it let's
backtrack if you know me you know I've
been doing YouTube for a while now ten
years exactly ten years as of September
and I've always been into just creating
content you know well you know what I
mean I'm always switching it up I'm
always trying different stuff um I use
different trends
I use different titles I use different
tactics that's just the youtuber mindset
you know always trying to see what you
can create to gain more subscribers to
gain views to entertain your audience so
people you know they they look at
certain titles and and videos and stuff
like that and date if you're not a
youtuber you don't understand it Philly
fully and that's what brings a lot of
hate and criticism but I mean if you put
yourself in a youtubers shoes then you
know where it's coming from but that's a
different story basically what I'm
trying to say is that when I came into
this sneaker youtube world about two
years ago I brought something that had
never been brought before which was
mainstream YouTube trends different
titles which were more you know
intriguing to the audience which were
more like I don't want to say clickbait
but you know titles that you weren't
usually used to rather than saying like
Air Jordan 11 review I switched it up
and I said like you got to see these Air
Jordans
coming out soon unreleased Jordans I
didn't just tell you what you were gonna
see I made you wanna watch it to find
out what you wanted to see and the
sneaker world had never done that before
and that's what separated me from
everyone else and that's how I basically
grew my channel you know what I'm saying
and unfortunately it's that tactic it
doesn't work anymore as much it still
works you know people still want to see
they love the element of surprise
I love the element of surprise it's like
watching a movie trailer if the movie
trailer shows everything that's in the
movie you're not gonna be surprised when
you watch the movie when I watch the
movie it I wasn't scared at anything
because the whole trailer they showed
all the scary parts they showed
everything that was gonna happen
so I like that type of stuff you should
too you should love the element of
surprise because that's what's
entertainment you know what I'm saying
if you watch a TV show or a sporting
game but you already know who's gonna
win then what the hell is the point of
watching you know what I mean so that's
what I brought the sneaker YouTube and a
lot of people were mad at
but now they kind of understand it and
now it's kind of too much everyone's
doing it you know everyone's posting the
same titles everyone's making the same
type of content Moll vlogs unboxings
this this it's so oversaturated that
everyone's saying sneaker YouTube is
dead and a lot of these youtubers we're
all running out of ideas every day is a
struggle to come up with a new idea what
am I gonna do and you know being able to
come up with a new idea every day is
what separates you and it's gonna keep
you going in the long run so I've been
telling you guys I'm not happy with my
content I'm not but I've still been able
to release stuff that I'm satisfied with
uploading if I don't like something I'll
tell you guys like I didn't want to
upload this so I'm not uploading today
I'm not gonna upload just the upload
anymore it's too repetitive and I feel
like that's kind of forced a lot of us
to instead of like working together
we're kind of like using each other's
names and taking shots at each other and
just trying to stand out and show the
world that we're you know I don't
youtubers I don't I don't like these
others thinker youtubers so I'm gonna
expose him expose him like a year ago we
were all cool a year ago we were you
know feeding off of each other you know
trying to collab you know linking up at
these sneaker cons hanging out outside
of sneaker cons now I don't hear from
any of these guys until it comes to the
sneaker con and I'm like yo what up
how you doing blah blah blah keep it
pushing you know what I mean you know
what I'm saying I have a few close
friends in the sneaker game which is
like tony mainly cuz he's like the only
guy that I talked to consistently I'm
okay with you know just saying what's up
to people I'm not asking for everyone to
be best friends but I think if we would
just you know I think if we just stop
using each other's names to like try to
get views and stuff like that and we
actually work together we can keep the
sneaker YouTube culture alive I
personally have no problems with anybody
there's a few people who have set stuff
with me and I'm not gonna start beef
with them but I'm just not gonna mess
with them like you know I'm saying I'm
not gonna talk smack about them I'm just
gonna push them to the side and be like
alright that's your opinion on me I
didn't like what you said but I'm doing
my thing I gotta support my family I
gotta keep going in I don't care what
you got
a year ago sneaker youtubers we were all
together we were all clapping like I
said and now we're just kind of all
distant but let's look at the bigger
picture
a sneaker youtubers our goal or my goal
was for other people outside of sneaker
YouTube to take us seriously I wanted to
show the world that we have power in the
sneaker culture like we give people
reviews we tell people our opinions and
to some people it matters that was our
goal that was my goal but now I feel
like we're just going against each other
and it's just a bad way it's it's a bad
way to look at all of us like instead of
us helping each other and showing the
sneaker world what we're capable of and
how important we are together we're now
going at each other's necks and now we
look like a joke more than ever you know
what I'm saying like we need to all come
back together we need to start creating
content we need to show the world that
our opinion matters our content matters
you know what I'm saying it like if I
give my opinion on a pair of shoes I
want it to be taken seriously I don't
want it you know I make jokes I make
funny content I make like you know I
wear a lot of high B stuff but at the
end of the day people like seeing that
stuff and it's important for these
brands and and blogs and all those and
all those people to know that we have an
influence on people you know I'm saying
it's like you know people make fun of us
for people have made fun of me for
wearing a wig and making a skit but at
the end of the day like that's what
separates me from a regular sneaker blog
and that's why our content I feel like
is very important because we can have
fun with it we bring different flavors
to the sneaker world and that's why I
feel like we're so important I keep
saying that so if you want to make
content like making fun of my car like
damdi did I'm keeping it real with you
guys right now like you can make fun of
my car all you want he didn't say
anything personal about me so I don't
have anything against them like I'm not
gonna say be like f you that's fucked up
like whatever if you don't like my car
whatever I don't give a damn I love it
and then also Ray Ray who made a video
about me and it's just like I see you
every sneaker con why are you gonna make
a video making me look bad
when I see you
and then when I do see you after you
make that video you try to shake my hand
and I move back because I don't want to
shake your and you know what I mean
don't use my name to try to make me look
bad and I'm kind of shake my hand like
nah that's not how it rolls he hasn't
said anything about that I'm not gonna
release the video because we have a
known video of him trying to do that and
me saying I don't mess with you don't
don't come near me if you're gonna try
to say say these stuff about me like
bruh
like it's unnecessary it's unnecessary
instead of us making content on each
other
let's make content to show the sneaker
community to take us serious to wrap
this sneaker YouTube thing up sneaker
YouTube it's not dead innit it all
depends on us to keep it alive by
creating content and I feel like working
together is such a huge step because not
only do we get to create dope content
together for our audiences but we get to
bounce ideas off of each other
from now on if anybody wants to make a
video about me go ahead do it you guys
could call me whatever you guys want you
guys can make fun of whatever you guys
want but I'm not gonna address it
anymore even whether it's ray-ray damn d
DJ Dells whoever else go ahead do
whatever you want to do and that kind of
also brings me to the next thing that I
wrote is like the podcast and like the
Instagram post cuz there's a few
accounts where people post stupid about
me there's podcast where they've said
negative things about me and let's start
with the Instagram posts like Instagram
is Instagram you know I'm saying I don't
take anything on Instagram seriously
people can talk all they want people are
gonna be negative there's gonna be
people who talk people who are gonna
call me a culture vulture and there's
people who are gonna post stuff making
fun of me and what I do but at the end
of the day if 99 people out of 100
people like a post or a video or
something I say I'm fine with it if 50%
of those people like it I'm fine with it
it doesn't matter as long as I'm
entertaining some people or half of my
audience or most of my audience that's
all that matters to me I don't care if
one guy's gonna waste the time of his
day to make a post about me talking
about how I'm not here really for the
sneaker culture and what not and like
what have you done for the sneaker
culture what have you done you want to
seem like the real guy you want to
like you guys want to say get on your
podcast and make it seem like you guys
are real in this game and try to you
know make yourself seem better like
that's fine you know I'm saying
everybody's entitled to their opinion
everybody can say what they want I have
nothing to hide you can make as many
expose post as you want but at the end
of the day I have nothing to hide I like
sneakers yes I wear a lot of hype yes I
make skits wearing wigs yes I I've
signed foreheads
yes I've shot my supreme money gun at
the crowd with fake money in it and yes
I've done all this stuff but I've also
done a lot of great stuff which you guys
don't mention has one of these sneaker
blogs sneaker post sneaker podcast
mentioned that I'm giving away ten free
fucking Easy's when I reach a million
subscribers have they helped me at all
no they haven't has has anybody ever
given away ten pair of free Easy's
besides Kanye himself when his last
album came out has anybody ever given
away that many pairs of Easy's for free
did one blog pick it up did one idea
count post-it did one in podcast talk
about that no they point out one small
thing out of a hundred amazing things
and look I'm not gonna lie podcasts
sneak this they have complimented my
work they have invited me which I don't
even remember because I've been invited
to multiple podcasts and stuff like that
it's just I'm sorry I don't remember I
didn't even know you guys weren't so
until you guys started talking so I
guess that's how you stand out you guys
have said good things about me I
appreciate the kind words like if I get
on your podcast which I'm not going to
get on or any other podcasts they're
only paused podcasts that I was thinking
about getting on was the jet d'Anjou
show which I probably still will get on
if he texts me and asked me to do it
again but I'm not doing any more podcast
because it's just like I don't know it
says I don't want to do it that's it I
don't want to do it that's it I have
nothing against any of you guys I just
don't want to do it everything I say on
your podcast I can make a video and do
it on my own platform so I don't plan to
do any of your guys's podcast but what I
want to say is like your opinions your
audience follows you for a reason
whether you're on Instagram
or a podcast or whatever it is your
audience follows you for a reason they
like your guy's opinion I cannot stop
you from talking smack about me all I
can do is kind of you know just tell you
guys that I do what I do to entertain
people if you don't like it that's fine
you can keep talking
you can keep creating your content off
of it and I'm not gonna sit here and
defend myself and convince you guys why
I am whatever whatever it is you don't
like about me but all I can say is that
like I have nothing to say to you guys
it is what it is I'm gonna keep hustling
I'm gonna keep grinding okay I'm not
here to win everybody over there's gonna
be people who hate me at the end of the
day no matter what I do if I donate a
million dollars to charity there's
people who are still gonna you know find
a way to make it look negative and say I
did it just to show you guys that I
donated a million dollars to charity to
make myself look better you know what
I'm saying and if I don't donate
anything to charity people are gonna say
oh well he never donates to charity like
there's no winning in any situation you
know I'm saying there will always be
people who find a way to bring a
negative out or to hate on you you know
I'm saying so at the end of the day just
keep creating your content whatever it
takes to support you guys's family
whatever it takes to pay the bills
whether it's Instagram podcasts keep it
up I yeah I can't that's all I got to
say about that what's next so a lot of
the posts that were like Instagram
talking smack about me was because I
took a couple shots at Nike for not
inviting me to a local LA event to
announce or to show the new NBA jersey I
was pretty salty about that but I didn't
say like Nike or anything like that like
all I said was like Nike doesn't really
mess with me and the reason why I'm so
upset about that whole situation is just
because I've had content contact with
people at Nike and those same people
stop responding to my emails like about
a year ago which was kind of weird
because they had reached out originally
to me and said hey we want to bring you
to these events it crapped me out so
when I did say this stuff on Twitter it
was just like being kind of crapped out
that I wasn't there and and it's not
about being there and wanting to like
personally experience it it's about me
taking you guys and showing you guys
like I want to go to these events
to create content I'm not going for hype
reasons I'm not going to boost myelin
like self-esteem and be like yo I was
invited like no I want to go to show you
guys because that same nike event like
people I know were invited like LSK was
invited he's not even a sneaker guy he's
like a Hooper 2k guy which is cool
because like it relates to him you know
what I'm saying so he deserves to be
there but why can't I get invited you
know what I'm saying like cousteau was
there Bowl is there like what like what
do I got to do like why why can't I get
the invite that was basically my whole
grudge about it and people looked at it
as if like oh this little spoiled guy
why does he think he deserves anything
from Nike like I don't deserve anything
honestly I have never once complained
about free stuff I do not want free
sneakers I am blessed to be able to get
free sneakers from companies but I've
never complained saying oh I want that
shoe how come I didn't get that shoe nah
it's not that I want to go places where
I can create content for you guys you
know what I'm saying if I end up leaving
with a sick-ass box set or Sica's pair
of shoes that's just the W in my book
but at the end of the day if I leave
empty-handed and I know that I got a
dope-ass vlog for you guys and I was
able to show you guys a dope experience
that's what makes me happy you know I'm
saying at the end of the day - if Nike
was to invite me they're getting free
marketing I get to just drive to LA and
go to that event they ain't got to pay
me a dollar you don't have to pay for a
flight they don't have to pay for a
hotel so that's why I didn't understand
it like it just crapped me out people
took it the wrong way people looked at
it the wrong way thinking that I'm like
oh yeah Nike deserves to put a red
carpet like Nike needs to leave a red
carpet out for me Nike needs to put me
on a pedestal no man I'm just looking to
go to events to create content that is
all I want to do man I just want to take
you guys and put you in these events
because we see these events on Instagram
we see these events on the blogs but
what about actually being there what
does it feel like to be there what do
you see when you're there in HD look a
4k look so that's what my problem was
like
I've never once complained about not
getting free stuff like I don't
understand where people you know they
twist up words and they make it seem
like something it's not apologized to
Nike for saying anything negative to you
guys obviously I am a huge fan of the
brand
I have Nike sneakers I spend so much
money on Nike sneakers paying resale you
know going and buying the NBA Nike
Jersey like I wasn't paid to do that I
did that because I I wanted to buy it I
wanted to show you guys the quality of
the new Nike jerseys you know what I'm
saying it's like at the end of the day I
create my content Nike doesn't have to
email me they don't have to acknowledge
me they don't have to give me a cent
they don't have to give me a free
product I will give them free marketing
because I get my content out of showing
their products and stuff like that I
want to apologize to Nike if anybody
from Nike is watching this I apologize
and I want to say this for the people
that have no idea how this sneaker game
works basically you know people tweet me
in they're like oh the reason why Nike
doesn't mess with you is because you
always promote adidas guys Adidas Nike
Under Armour New Balance Jordan Brand
what else Reebok they don't give a damn
they do not give one single damn if you
were one day promoting Nike and then the
next day you're wearing adidas at the
end of the day if you are buying their
products if you are showing though if
I'm showing the world a pair of Adidas -
to you guys for a review to show their
product they don't care if the next day
that I'm showing Nike as long as it's
not the same video there's no reason
because these brands are not looking to
win me over they're looking for me to
show you guys so that you guys can see
what the product is so that you guys can
want to know about the quality the
technology what's new so that maybe you
guys would want to go buy them they are
not trying to sponsor me I'm not an
athlete they are not trying to have me
exclusively
to their brand you know what I'm saying
no brand has ever said oh we're not
sending you anything because you
promoted this brand guys that's not how
it works so yeah that I just wanted to
state that because there's a lot of like
people who get comfy
sneaker con now sneaker cotton as I've
mentioned before I've been doing sneaker
con since January of last year ever
since then I have not missed a sneaker
con in what will be two years after
sneaker con New York this year I've been
thinking a lot about it and I've been
like kind of like at this point where
I'm like is it time for me to walk away
from sneaker con like I've accomplished
so much at sneaker con I've had a line
at my booth basically is it time for me
to you know just kind of retire from
sneaker con which to some people might
not seem like a big deal but to me
personally me not going to a sneaker con
is something that I've not wanted to do
like I it hurts me to even think that I
could miss a potential sneaker con but I
got to focus on a lot of things next
year like planning my wedding you know
getting a house with Mena creating
different stuff outside of YouTube and
starting businesses and stuff like that
I want to put a lot of more focus on
creating the content and stuff like that
sneaker con New York will be my last
sneaker con I'm gonna be doing sneaker
con Vegas in about a week I think it's
next weekend I'm gonna be doing sneaker
con Memphis on the 18th I'm gonna be
doing sneaker Kong London on December
2nd I'm gonna be doing sneaker con
Berlin on December god I forgot my date
December 11th or 12th I can't remember
and I'm gonna be doing sneaker con New
York City
December 16th and December 17th Steiger
con New York will be my last sneaker con
and I'm gonna walk away happy there's no
problems there's no drama there's none
of that I'm leaving on a good note I've
built such a great relationship with the
sneaker con team it's honestly such a
blessing and I have already talked to
him about this situation and I told him
how I feel and they 100% support it and
I don't know if I'm gonna come to
another sneaker con next year I don't
have any set dates or say set plans but
I'm not gonna say never but at the
moment I'm gonna step away from sneaker
con and sneaker con New York will be my
last sneaker con I'm not gonna be doing
any other sneaker conventions I'm gonna
state that right now just because I'm
not doing
Steiger Khan does not mean I'm gonna go
do another sneaker convention sneaker
Khan is the Superbowl of sneaker
conventions it is the holy grail of
sneaker conventions and I want to be
affiliated with the best so I will not
ever do another sneaker convention it's
only sneaker con forever that's it so
what's next
like I said what's next for me is
creating content starting tomorrow's
vlog I'm dropping the boy meets hype
title I'm ending the boy means hype
title I'm still gonna continue the
episodes like we're on episode 127 or
128 right now the episodes number
numbers will continue but I'm dropping
the title of the episode for the moment
I might come up with something new but
the boy meets hype 1 it's been like 120
episodes it's time to get to the next to
the next chapter as far as my content
goes it's always about innovating it's
always about being you know creating new
content it's always about switching it
up and that's what I plan to do so
starting tomorrow you might see some
differences you might see some
similarities but to me this is the next
chapter this right here this talk with
me new guys is me leaving everything in
the past and moving forward and I'll
finish this thing off with some words of
motivation like over the past few months
and over the past 10 years I've dealt
with a lot of negativity I've dealt with
a lot of people trying to hate on me and
I've dealt with a lot of questions in my
own head on what's next and even when
you think you've come to the end of the
road there's gonna be a way to keep
going you know what I'm saying you gotta
throw a curveball you got to try
something new you can't let people drag
you down one neck like negative energy
is always gonna be there you gotta learn
to feed off of it and to keep grinding 2
years ago before I started the sneaker
stuff I was gonna quit I was gonna
literally drop everything delete all my
social media literally every night I was
sitting in my room tears in my eyes
wondering like why why haven't I made it
and I risked everything and I moved to
LA and I changed my life I changed my
life ever since that happened my
confidence has gone gone up I've been so
confident that like you
I might not be doing good right now but
I'm gonna try this I'm gonna do this and
I know I'm gonna make it again I know
I'm gonna keep grinding I know I'm gonna
reach a million subscribers I know I can
do it and you guys need to have that
same mindset it don't matter what
anybody say it doesn't matter what if
your friends put you down if your family
puts you down or if people on the
internet put you down if you are happy
if you believe in something do it like
Shia LaBeouf said just do it guys keep
grinding don't give a damn what anybody
says dream crew I'm out of here I love
you guys hit that thumbs up for all the
positive vibes drop a freaking positive
vibe in the comments section down below
and tomorrow is the next chapter so
let's turn the page
thank you guys if you watch that whole
thing for real
