what is what what are these freaking
soccer shoes bro I mean what am I saying
soccer football Harris it was a really
lonely night I woke up screaming where's
Harris he left me yo yesterday at the
festival this lady gave me her mixtape
and I have no idea who she is but shout
out to the mixtape gods but packing up
leaving this hotel goodbye DC goodbye
Virginia I should have checked out like
three minutes ago and shout out to well
then let's look at my watch look Ava
shout out to east coast for letting me
check out at freakin two o'clock and i'm
rockin with the big light shirt right
now shout out to the DMV local rapper
the movement is crazy big lead check
them out i tagged him on Instagram so go
check out my instagram check out his
music shout out to the whole squad while
here legend um yeah I gotta go man I
gotta pack up their own my sweater
throwing my hat and we outta here baby
it's been real hotel it's been really
real you've housed me okay I'm wasting
time let's go so I'm currently in the
hotel lobby right now I have to check
out so i'm just chillin
until I have to like go to the airport
so not an exciting day at all but I want
to take this time to say thank you to
everybody who's a subscriber on crew
kicks we are coming on 25,000
subscribers so when we reach 30,000
subscribers I'm going to do a giveaway
on the channel and also I haven't missed
a vlog so you guys have are patiently
waiting for me to miss a vlog so that I
can do another sneaker give it I do a
sneaker giveaway for you guys but I
don't think it's going to happen because
yeah because I'm doing them every day
other than that man Virginia man I can't
thank you guys enough for showing so
much love i posted some dope features
and i got so many go creatures any
clothes from yesterday so follow me on
my instagram at Khe Sanh where we just
hit 40 KS to shout out to my 40k
Instagram followers and that's it no
more shout out no more anything so I'm
pretty crapped out because I don't have
any sweat pants for the plane so I'm
soaring camo pants
this is like a soap opera right now sup
guys so
I'm at the airport dulles airport and I
gotta go through security course so
let's go see it's a UH arrest me for
having a laptop that looks like a bomb I
should probably not say those words over
here at this airport but it's okay hi
guys
I don't know why that's right it can be
very much Oh God alright guys so about
to board my flight got myself a five
hour plane ride it's back to the Bay
where I'll be for a few days and then we
are back off to LA to do some filming
and do some recruiting I don't know what
that means recruiting but thanks to the
La Grande man i'll be going to LA man i
only have a place to stay i'm going to
hotel the hotel apartment to apartment
with my friends depending on if they're
home or not and you know just trying to
be in that area just so i can do some
work and you know make things happen so
whatever I gotta do to push through min
make these power moves so that I could
keep delivering you guys more good
content you know what I'm saying
so let's go spend the next five hours on
this plane to basically write down a
whole bunch of ideas write out some
scripts yeah so I'll see you guys back
in the bay because obviously I'm not
gonna blog in the plane unless I had
someone with me but I'm not gonna be
have anybody with me so yeah we'll see
you guys in the plane risk game i watch
risk game all right guys
not no idea what the hell that was but I
just landed in SFO so I'm back home in
the bay
I made power moves on the plane don't
man I copped that $15 y 5 45 hours I was
on my phone the whole time I took a nap
woke up for like hour but spent most of
the time on my phone text in the group
chat applying the emails making some
crazy power moves men and I have a
problem and sometimes I get excited
about things and then I tell everyone
and then they don't come true so I need
to just keep my news I guess to myself
and just hope for the best man because I
feel like sometimes I jinx myself so but
anyway yeah I'm back home and this vlog
is straight trash just kidding yeah I'm
back home so time to go home
tells me so i'm back at the SFO where i
showed you guys this other day but i was
too lazy but look at this then Patriots
got the dope ass case going right now
and I got oh I thought that's a ring but
then i mean the the jets got the what
are those Steph Curry's and then the
Redskins
they got the
they got the LeBron Air Force One Harris
kotaku editions and then oh wow the New
York jet met the Giants I bet newark
John's got the tiger woods and then
freaking Eagles over here got the what
is that really a PE cleats worn by
Reggie White oh these are actually worn
what is this bro what are those this is
the seriously what are those apex what
the let's see who else we could
find here on the sneaker oh my god did
bro there are some weird brands Spalding
oh my god this is a basketball
I don't even want to know who those are
one let's go over here okay some decent
shoes so these are the shoes you find on
clearance at the on eastbay calm who are
those worn by Clete swarmed by Devin
Hester yeah we know you shout out to
another pair of shoes you find on uh it
was a nice little watch their own
today's egos shouts out to the bangles
bangles o bangles over here shout out to
the bangles they used to be my favorite
team when I used to watch football and
let's see what else shoes we fine here
don't know if you get this music playing
right now I need to pause this it
looks the wire find some other shoes
over here oh of course they got the red
flag on the saints won shout out to
Jamie who that red flag exactly that's
what I'm gonna pull out on Jamie next
time he acts foul um what is that a
piece de sac award what is what what are
these chickens her shoes bro I mean what
am I saying soccer football Panthers
freakin they got Nikes over here for
titans
see what we got over here for the
Broncos are ugly nothing we're showing
oh they got the champ acts over here two
shoes they got the reeboks shut off the
Kendrick Lamar and they got the Nikes oh
these are actually dope Yeah right these
are the shoes you find out nike
clearance nike clearance store 3999 and
then you got another niners display who
are these one by Jerry Rice I could see
it off the bat Jerry Rice and then you
have the non accomplished I showed you
guys these ones last time so we don't
need to look at those ones but yep a
quick NFL rundown of the sneaker history
the NFL sneaker history right there all
and I don't how much time out that it
was but yeah what up guys so back home
looking like trash right now but it's
all good that OVO season I really like
this shirt goes with the shoes we got
the shoes up there
this is one of my favorite pictures I
ever took I found this um heart-shaped
the rock on the top of mission peak
which is like a so hiking area out here
in the Bay Area and i found this rock on
the floor and then I placed it at the
top of the hill and i took a picture at
the Sun obviously it's not the best
camera work but I don't know what it is
about this picture of it it's like it's
really interesting to me and I made sure
that I threw the rock over the ledge so
that no one could ever find it again and
yeah i just wanted to share this with
you guys because every morning when I
wake up it's right here I don't know
what it means but it means something to
me you know sorry to get all emo or
whatever but I'm in my boxers I'm in my
five pillars shirt I got my Joey
Gonzalez here coming down you know Jesse
you can supple this my bed and we're
gonna call it a night okay um gotta go
to work tomorrow well I mean like video
work I'm gonna start editing this
and yeah man I'm having a really bad day
to keep it honest with you guys but you
know you got to keep pushing because
life goes on no matter what happens and
you got to stay positive and you ought
to keep working man you got to remember
what's important in life you know not
the bad stuff so i'ma go to sleep soon
and i'm going to edit so love you guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow I brighten up
my mood tomorrow and we'll see you guys
tomorrow right just now mother looking
as a friend they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I still my
mission got the same goal then feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head I wanna hear
