a hot shower a tall glass of whiskey
diesel jeans whatup guys as you can tell
let me fix my hair here as you guys can
tell I'm at the airport and as you guys
can tell I'm on the way to wash away my
shoes in DC so the event is not canceled
because yesterday's vlog I told you guys
that there might be some weather
problems and I'm supposed to go that way
but I want to go this way so I can show
you guys this car over here but anyway
the event is still going on and despite
the weather Mother Nature is being nice
to us it might be a little muddy but
make sure you don't wear your best
sneakers to the event come through but
check this out for all the 49er fans BAM
whipped game too strong I'm gonna look
at these because I know there's some Bay
Area Raider fans watching this vlog so I
gotta make sure we show oh there's
basically every single team over here
actually
here's a Niners on I don't even watch
football use the Niners on we should
find the Redskins one here's the razor
so on my friend
here's the Raiders one there's not too
many uh accomplishments and there's but
I'm too lazy to go find the Redskins one
because we're going to DC you know I'm
saying so anyway go get a much flight
now and I got a nice little five-hour
flight but I'm super excited because I'm
gonna sleep and I haven't slept all
night and um yeah man here's to a couple
great vlogs in the next few days I'm
gonna be in via till Monday and Harris
is actually coming tomorrow morning so
I'm not gonna be with them tonight so we
are the 48-hour boys welcome to 48 hours
with the crew
guys can we just take a second to admire
my airplane attire I got these
sweatpants from H&M awhile ago
and then obviously I'm wearing my Easy's
my Easy's are my life my plane my plane
shoes and then we got the 808 and
heartbreak matching sweater easy season
15 right here crap ain't even seen this
before so my goal for her October 2015
is to cut Sam out of my vocabulary
because a lot of people say it's
annoying and it's a joke I mean it's not
a joke I mean I'm used to saying it but
originally it all started as a joke from
the Hyneman fam ever since last year but
I'm also proposed rate said it and uh
it's not much to say fan so we just
start always saying but I need to cut it
out of my vocabulary side note
you know check this out this is trippy
as hell
touchdown to Washington DC you guys I
feel like I'm in Batman's Batman ice
cave but that other room he had this is
freakin sick gotta go pick up my luggage
which has all my dream KU socks in it
and shirts because I'm who everybody's
dream crew socks at the event gets a
free shirt so shout-out to that and yeah
man it's freakin porn outside but you
know the weather can't hold this back
and then I'll check in with you guys
after I go get my super bodacious swag
in rental cars that have no idea what it
looks like all right but DC always gives
me the dopest rental cars guys finally
at the hotel here in Arlington demons
are here super stressful it wouldn't
give me a rental car because I didn't
have a major credit card I'll have my
debit card which means it works so weird
shit going on over there but but to
check out the next my home for the next
three days my roommate Harris comes
tomorrow so you're gonna have a lonely
night tonight right MTV why'd you guys
come on in
welcome to my crib you know it's a lot
oh shit this thing is pretty huge hold
on are you afraid of the dark I have got
two beds that's a good thing cuz you
know Harris nice to play footsies okay
guys this is something we've been
working on for months now this oh it's
actually a decent view of it it's
raining
check this motherfucker out BAM first
things first I always when I come to
hotels I always get the bed closer to
the window I don't know why but hold on
I gotta do something
a hot shower a tall glass of whiskey
diesel jeans oh wow it's kind of low-key
good to be here man what up guys so as
you can tell him in my hotel room
Harris's bed my bed but Harris is not
here Harris will be here he'll be
landing at 10 a.m. he has a stop in
Chicago he's barely caught his flight
I told him to vlog so hopefully he vlog
so you guys could see that now we'll be
in tomorrow's vlog basically this was my
night I didn't go out I want to go eat
but I came back here and I'm gonna start
editing and super excited to be here
because Sunday is the event and today
tomorrow when Harris gets here we're
gonna spend the whole day in DC as well
as VA we're gonna go to our favorite
spot my homie hallmark Valentino's pizza
so we're gonna go there
we're gonna go to Georgetown hit up Nike
hit up all the spots over there and just
have a good day man I'm honestly I'm
really excited for Harris to come
because we are the 48 hour boys and
without him though 48 hours are complete
I'm just kind of rainy outside still but
still got this beautiful view it's
really nice I love it and um yeah so
pretty much that's that I'm sorry that
the vlog is not super crazy espy outlaw
delicious
but yeah man I can't wait to finally put
these on the market for Sunday
Virginia you guys are going to be the
first people to get your hands on that
oh no not these you guys have been at
these right here the dream crew socks
man this Sunday so it's gonna be 20
bucks but you get the socks and you get
the shirt for 20 bucks so it's a double
whammy
so but the thing that sucks is we only
have excels in the sock in the in the
shirt so but I have a gold sharpie so
anybody that wants me to autograph this
and the shirt I got you and Harris too
and we got some red shirts I'm gonna
give these ones away for free we got
some of these too so I might give some
of these away honestly I don't know yet
but uh I just brought as much merge as I
could so I'm super excited for that
other than that man these are the only
two shoes I brought for this trip my
black ease ease and the Chicago ones I
don't even think I'm gonna wear those I
wear those on the airplane I don't think
I'm gonna wear those because it's
raining and it's so very you know it's
just denchu and I could go through real
quick so this might be my go to use
until I go shopping tomorrow so we're
not gonna touch that we don't drink
coffee I've never had yeah for Sunday
views right now and I just want to say
man what a good time what a great time
to be alive all right I'll have a great
night man have a great weekend I love
you guys day two of consistent vlog as
you guys don't get a sneaker giveaway
today I'm sorry but maybe tomorrow all
right I love you guys have a great day
and looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming out of a different angle this is
real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one and those
ain't laughs and
