oh yes BPA prank is now in full effect
sorry Harris what up guys welcome to
crew TV i'm currently at Harris's house
but he's not even here where's Harris
that's a big question everyone's asking
he's at work but we're gonna mess with
them and we're gonna hide some stuff in
his room and then tomorrow and he
watches this vlog you'll wonder we're
gonna hide his bb-8 so he loves this
thing it's his like favorite little
gadget he has right now this thing is
like super popular or so whatever where
should we hide it though but first of
all he never wants me to show his room
but to get him to actually clean this
shit I'm going to show it to everyone so
let's put bb-8 inside of inside of a
shoe what should i do
Oh notes let's take a big step here
hopefully nothing eats me as I take a
step here let's do it soon yep DBA I
love you but Harris will find you
tomorrow bb-8 is gelling right there
okay what the fuck is this bro oh yes
BPA prank is now in full effect sorry yo
guy what's up guys um as you guys can
tell I'm not vlogging with my vlog
camera right now I'm using my iphone 6s
then I got yesterday shout out to my
mom's upgrade way up this is the best
lighting its cameras pretty cool too i
hope i'm not sure how it's gonna come
out when i edit but hope you guys can
hear me right now i don't know if i
should put my hand let's put my hand
right there i don't know if you guys can
hear me right now but I'm just hovering
man got out of the house and I wanted to
talk to you guys about a few things so
let's go ahead and talk if that's cool
try to stay in this area so that the
lighting is cool first things first man
i'm a low-key stressing right now
because there's a hurricane on the east
coast and as you guys know i have an
event in virginia totally free come
before if it happens um so basically i
got a text from the event organizers
saying at the moment there's a freaking
hurricane and the event is outdoor so i
don't know if i'm going or not I'm gonna
find out tomorrow morning my flight
leaves at nine thirty AM they told me
that they're gonna tell me at seven a.m.
my time whether or not to get on the
flight or not if I don't get on the
flight they're gonna reschedule my
ticket for next weekend when they have
the event so the event might be pushed
to next weekend like I said I don't know
yet so let me move my hand so the
lighting is good I don't know if the
event is gonna be cancelled or not yet
so don't say that oh he said it's
cancelled because I don't know yet so um
follow me on snapchat Twitter Instagram
and that's what you see there see me
you'll see me announced that it's still
gonna happen at the moment it's still
happening it's still happening so don't
say again don't say that all we thought
it was canceled and if it does happen
and weather conditions are a little bad
don't make an excuse bring your ass
there because we are gonna have a great
time it's totally free Afghan arts and
cultural festival addresses down below
you don't have to be a began to come
you're anyone is welcome god this camera
is not flattering at all i need to go
back to the vlog camera I don't like
this um so yeah that's a kind of
stressful situation but we're gonna get
past it hopefully mother nature's on our
side tomorrow morning we will figure
this out and yeah that's that so yeah
that's that next up as you guys know
more okay i'm gonna leave because this
lighting sucks i have a problem with
vlogging consistently it's when one of
my weaknesses on the life of youtube and
I'm working on it the other day I said
that I wasn't gonna vlog daily for a
while but I changed my mind hold on what
kind of shaky right here mmm I changed
my mind so I'm gonna challenge myself um
I'm in a god I dude I'm like low-key
super annoyed right now i think i have
my hat's not found the wrong that i'm
just gonna do this dude okay so i'm
challenging myself so i decided to do
this so i'm gonna do daily vlogging
there's some days when I don't do stuff
but I'm gonna find stuff to do just so I
can entertain you guys
and for every day i miss starting right
now i have to do a sneaker give away
from my own collection so that's gonna
get me to one of law not one it's not
like i don't want to it's just some days
I don't do shit and I'm just not in the
mood but I have to do it for you guys
because I've let you down too many times
and because I think it's the best thing
to do man to give a solid consistent
connection with you guys so for every
day i miss I'm gonna take one of the
shoes in my sneaker collection and I'm
gonna give it away to you guys I know
what you're thinking finally you
actually want me to miss vlogs now but
hopefully it's gonna motivate me to
wanna not this blog and there's gonna be
days when I miss it on purpose just so i
can give you give away a pair of shoes
but yeah man any day i miss I'm gonna do
a sneaker giveaway so that is the new
thing for crew TV I hope that is a cool
idea let me know what you guys think of
that idea and um I mean I want yeah well
it's not that I don't want to vlog man I
want a vlog is just like some days their
shit that's happening in my life and
they put I put the camera down you know
I'm saying so that's that so yeah we
knocked Virginia information out the
park and we knocked out the sneaker
giveaway out the park and I'm really
sorry I spent that much time talking but
whatever man i'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully in tomorrow's vlog you will be
seeing me get on a plane to go to
virginia for my event ocean to get on my
plane to go on my event if not i'll be
at home crapped out of my life and I
guess you guys will just have to wait
and see tomorrow i'm just getting follow
me on my social medias you'll for sure
see what happens that's it man i really
do love you guys i hope you guys did
like the news i broke about the sneaker
giveaways and also another thing bonus
an extra minute of me talking crew kicks
is moving fast man were already at
twenty-two thousand subscribers we just
had 20 like a day ago so we got two
thousand subscribers in a day we were
moving
fast baby and other news we making power
moves baby Dream Cruise season is
approaching and nobody can stop us who
else spent the nine years on eight years
on youtube baby we still going baby we
still going we never gonna stop okay
love you guys thumbs up man I never
asked for thumbs up anymore I love you
guys um and that's it man we shall now
drift off to the night in the night sky
looking as a frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I failed
my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head one
