hey QoP what's up ahead how's your
change old wooden cutout to the clothes
boys they never pay for them they never
papers nobody paid oh no no no what up
guys um welcome to a vlog um I'm in a
great mood today man life is a blessing
man and another day in LA baby but it's
my last day in LA for this week I'll
come back next week but I'm leaving
today because I'm going to Virginia in
two days so I have a flight out of San
Francisco so I gotta go back to the Bay
Area unfortunately and these LA vibes
man they just get you so motivated
that's why I love being out here man and
it's like it's crazy man crew kicks in
one week 20,000 subscribers so thank you
to all my people who went over to the
crew kicks Channel and gave it a chance
and really do enjoy the content that's
gonna be on there and be uploaded on
there I'm trying to get consistent with
the vlog still for you guys it's
something that's a weakness of mine you
guys know that so thank you for bearing
with me there's a lot of adjustments in
my life to keep it real with you guys so
I'm trying to you know focus on my
career as well as getting my own life
together so bear with me and I
appreciate every single one of you guys
so don't think I overlooked any of this
bullshit and I love you guys man thank
you for sticking with me and I know a
lot of you guys could've gave up on me
but you didn't and we're still here baby
and we're still making moves and I think
I was supposed to turn right there but I
didn't so I'm gonna stop vlogging and
I'm gonna go back to doing this right
love you guys
there's something about this la
lifestyle that just motivates you like
honestly is driving in the freeway and
seeing these buildings and just how busy
the city is it's ridiculous man you know
la trappe I got a city slow but I've
been grinding away - OH
exhibit - I'm driving on the freakin
downtown and they're filming a movie
right here like I don't know if you guys
can see but they got the whole camera
crew set up and like they're just
filming a middle a movie in the middle
of LA like that's Hollywood free man
it's just motivating man ridiculous
you ever been to RIF LA when it shut
down on it hey Jamie's coming through
for me right now got to see what I could
get my riff right now before I head out
of town what a good worker me I'm so
salty because the past like few days
Jamie sends me pictures of Travis Scott
coming and hanging out a triple a insert
picture of Travis Scott and Jamie on the
shoe phones and the day I come is not
here like Travis Scott just comes and
hangs out here once at all whenever
Jamie pumpkin tells me has shoes
so can assault superdad you eat your
favorite Oh Mia I did very good
Jojo does your favorite guy have any
change from your favorite bum
I got you fam you all right with me I
don't care what they say about you move
who am I talking to
Oh QoP hey QoP what's up in hair how's
your change
here's a fiver God David I do I like to
hell yeah
hi brother that's the riffle a local
right there found you gotta support him
you know saying look what I'm going home
with man shoutout to the plug wait okay
I was telling them about your Travis
Scott your homie Travis Scott and I make
it stay around please change it XD hello
hello hello yeah preciate when they come
to the shop this is so yeah the memory
glue makes a lariat shot but to leave
asking for his autograph next time buy
shoes and happy longer
wait although you get to love it by
style uh uh oh you're good okay just
drew that picture this a knife this is
love dr. Chaney
you thinking later getting paid when you
getting one that I was getting away down
and that was enough dr. Chaney yeah you
had to put me on blast and tell me that
you said that yesterday you got damn it
hi Jimmy we'll see you in a week now
Chancellor Harris Chester swagger
swagger it's pretty rhythm oh that's uh
I'm not another one day or only went
back to this one I think this
see I don't meet that much but I turned
the vlog camera on to say man oh dude
like 20,000 subscribers on crew cake
sweet that's that's I stated that
already you guys know about that man but
the craziest thing man
last night I went to sleep and I was so
frustrated I was like really annoyed
I just felt lost I felt confused and
someone told me not to worry they told
me you know stay positive God has a plan
for you everything's gonna fall into
place
I woke up in the morning and I got an
email that I've been waiting for forever
and it was I don't want to tell you guys
right now because I want you to I'll let
you guys know when things start
happening with this but it's just a it's
crazy how life works sometimes man and
and the reason why I got this email is
because crew kicks and it's just showing
you within one freaking week of crew
kicks people are already noticing us and
people are already I don't know I guess
it's supporting us and people want to be
a part of crew kicks and they want us to
be showing their there over their brand
or whatever I don't even want to say
because I don't want to spoil it but
just know that crew cakes is is it's
going good man there's a lot of stuff
going on like you guys don't know about
one of them is that my contract is
ending with my YouTube network and I'm
looking to join another network and his
other network is looking to link me up
with a whole bunch of other youtubers so
if you collaborate I also want to do
like collaborate like I want to work
with like beer
to work with me I want to work with
perfect hair like sky's the limit you
know what I'm saying I want to work with
all these big people that are known in
this deeper community why not you know
what I'm saying
they were all normal people we should
never look at each other above each
other your normal ages because somebody
has a bigger sneaker collection doesn't
mean anything just so they got more
followers doesn't mean anything
identity day to sneakerheads gonna have
a conversation and agree on the same
things argue about the same things
agree to disagree about the same things
that have a great conversation just
because it's about sneakers so I would
love to work with any of these guys and
I don't just want to do stupid videos
like I have dope ideas that I could do
with these guys so I'll reach out into
anybody I can you don't understand like
I have crazy thoughts but so Ram what's
up hey what is that to blow that fucking
yeah as you know I know we're back
friend too little hiatus give us a dj
khaled preview what's over came to
another place so let me tell you that
right now we watch again
I just holding your stick room made just
for just for you guys comforter all
about to get into this here we go mom
these I murdered your family don't play
itself
I forgot the color money now now I see
you have duffels of clothes here what is
that for
you know already when there was a war
you ready - darling okay next up Austin
Powers gold nib
new album we in the future we ain't
going back I am your father
how much time you know we won't take the
elevator the ladder up here here we go
these I used to do customs don't ever
play yourself I will no longer do
customs I heard the story about how
somebody stole your shoes and then
ordered you do so many chairs to the
issue let me give you an example or know
somebody blurted something to do if they
saw my shoes I would ask everyone who
stole the shoes please hand them to me
would you like show me here we go I'm
pretending you soldier I will grab the
shoes I'm gonna give it back to yourself
congratulations you play just now let me
explain these 13 years old girl in the
desert in Afghanistan first period never
play you something never buy yourself
who she George I've run out of shoes me
having a shot everything here like ten
times
fairbell Sean the too much he now if you
like it oh don't ever play yourself
I was called Moses Papa blue see what a
place up whatever please
alright thanks TJ Kel mama okay this is
called well my boy swag sleeps over
don't ever play yourself swag if you
forget your shoes I take care you got a
beanie to to the side so
one seat never play yourself so game
over Phil another vlog I'm back to the
bay for a few days and then we're out
Virginia VA voice 14 I already ate our
boys it's going to be a lot of fun
there's on great performances missing me
a lot of great music we're going to be
on stage Hosting we're going to do a
little something too we'll have some
time to hopefully make you guys laugh on
stage hope you guys enjoyed oh we need
to practice I talked about what we're
gonna do exactly really like we always
do and if you don't come congratulations
you played yourself but come have fun
coming out this we're gonna be there all
day from 11 to 8 so just come here with
us it's not going to be anything
exclusive crazy we're not gonna be
hiding anywhere so just go say what's up
dream your socks will be for sale yes
and remember capo don't play yourself
don't play this letter oh you juhi
chawla has DB 82 meter its first time of
the book well officially well they
didn't like when you had box them oh
you're like did you play just have food
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle
this is real life you'll know what
