what you eating there fam you didn't
have enough balls in your mouth last
night no I should be making the kid
hey guys so I think I owe you guys a
huge apology because I haven't been
vlogging and I'm really sorry so this is
my apology
hope you guys accept it and
and yeah so basically let me update you
on what's going on I'm currently in LA
dude making power moves I guess you can
say I know you guys love to daily vlogs
but right now I'm going to have to cut
the word daily out of it and just vlog
every few days so you for the next week
or two maybe two or three weeks I won't
be posting daily vlogs but I will be
vlogging and posting maybe every like
two days every three days so it won't be
daily so um I want to apologize for that
but I'm gonna vlog for you guys so I'm
not gonna go completely Am I
sorry I just ate I'm all gassy as you
guys know the first week of crew kicks
is in the books great results man people
loved it great five videos for the first
week we're gonna keep the ball rolling
on that every Monday through Friday on
crew kicks like I said daily vlogs will
not be daily they'll just be vlogs every
other day or every two days every three
days it's not gonna go like a full week
without a vlog I won't do that to you
guys and the main channel we don't have
any videos prepared at the moment but we
have I have a ton of ideas up here that
I need to bring to life so um hopefully
there's one this Sunday if not this
Sunday then next Sunday 100% you'll get
a new main channel video and
yeah man that's pretty much what's going
on in my life and I I'm out here in LA
men so I'm gonna go actually meet up
with Jamie right now and we are gonna
take care of something with some stuff
okay so yeah let's go we out here only
shoots of California I mean Los Angeles
we on a secret mission yeah intro Farini
well you have to come up with a plane
thing like Rosa say we came up with and
ours
this is love with dr. Chaney
if she don't do the trick don't give it
a tree dr. Jamie
in the night I hear dog the co-star so
right now Kanye is currently performing
at the Hollywood Bowl he's performing it
awaits and heartbreaks and we got
tickets Feb and we always got two keys
you know you know Kappa connects they
say they got tickets ready for us I
won't ecology okay who's mcapples got us
hell yeah and I'm all alumni
you're on my UCLA who's my Kappa the
good thing about losing the cap was
Hannah be from different you have
chapters everywhere I'm a US she owes my
capital yeah they even have one back in
Afghanistan in Pakistan
who's my cap oh really all right so we
go we honestly don't know what's gonna
happen in the next 30 minutes but we'll
see what happens all right guys along
yeah so guys
Ponyo concert was not happening parking
was crazy we couldn't get in I bought
some merchandise no but I'm here with
Rajee West and the man of the hour
never was never the track hoe no they're
not gonna hear it
what's up Fetty WAP okay hey hit a whip
real quick man ah the chopstick let me
know I just got a question for you fam
so we've got to grab in some sushi right
now
we're not really special types of guys
are we how we sushi types of guys no no
no you ever been to Markie when it shut
down eh what up y'all so I woke up next
to this guy this morning this to this
some guys I'm leaving all of a sudden
Kanye all this annoyance
8:08 all of a sudden a noise guys I'm
taking into taking him to a class with
me yeah we're going to USC USC LM when I
first UCLA graduate to graduate from USC
as well get his master's from USC right
yeah so you see a lot of the grand
masters from USC yeah yeah and my
Bachelorette from anyway check out this
shirt I got the Kanye 808 from last
night's show 2015 yeah it was pretty
live yeah we went inside but I bought
the bridge here it show them the back
tax crucial wait alright hello me
8:08 you know arbre and then that's a
whole tracklist right yeah and he's
performing every single song how much it
selling on the line for these we bump
like a hundred about forty let's see
what you're rocking it today damn
let's see you watch us why do you ask
and all of a sudden us see us I didn't
know that she top hat you know is this
kind of topic I see yeah oh so the hotel
was hating on me they wouldn't let me
ride it inside
hey
so we write it over this way is this
your roommate I've been Pham hello hello
hello hello
Bokke hello okay well um are we going
right now Pham Panera Bread Panera Bread
brought to you by Mahmud brothers multi
he's got a lot of brand culture turnover
so guys I'm super excited because this
weekend Oh
Mian Harris will be going to Virginia
and we're gonna husband you guys
Virginia is really fun she tells me I
mean Kaku Virginia tells me guys tell me
that Virginia is always pop in all the
people are hella dope yeah we get we get
invited every single year man so they
show so much love they got more love
than any any any release date in camp in
the USA I'm sorry to say it to all
everybody else but maybe bringing us
back may because they love the crew all
these other cities man think of us I
guess Oh happen this year we'll see what
happens I just want to know I just want
to meet people you know Jay thank God
I'm performing I want to perform exactly
the funnest thing is to perform and see
how people react it with an Ag yeah but
anyway event is free infos in the
description and add somebody done you
know what somebody did what Oh cup
somebody come looking into somebody
comes somebody
oh my goodness or somebody commented on
my pitch and he said I wish I could come
but I don't know anything about Afghan
culture
you come water oh that's all you go to
get more importantly you hang out with
us yeah exactly and you see with the
coaches I guess how much it is how much
let's call the number down below
whatever to help area 1-800 line bloom
to reserve your technology after reserve
tickets they just show up it's free
hanging out we're gonna have dream cream
for sale for the first time ever I want
to see everyone go out there so I can
see the dope vlog footage you know right
I see really no you might pop out of my
suitcase yeah I'm uh he's bringing along
suitcase you bought all day
so we rented out the whole arena guys
so guys this is where we are announcing
Apple is gonna make his decision on the
court I know the decision I'm ready so
you're taking your talents to UC USC or
UCLA so here's a preview of the prank
that they were doing for their Channel
right now
Holly one is showing you Markie Oh you
ever been to UCLA in a USC shirt might
shut down like it was a good family
Ben's just feeling you know showing the
fit bro
what are those man you do the nudist try
Kotz treichel I'm gonna make my own I
make my own and you do the UCLA ready
then all right we brought the film right
now so hey guys how's it going
Chalmers breath why'd you actually lined
up my neck today that out though Barbara
be a man giving caught you know I'm a
barber on the spare time to you know I'm
saying my job on a global barber school
be out here in these streets cricket so
we just got done filming 400 do I miss
playing cricket you trying to trick me
fair it's a prank fab day you can get
drafted fact is my play cookers my
movements nah man we seen a wiki goes on
it's where we cancel the all-star
basketball game we're gonna do the
cricket all-star game if anybody wants
to come here we would kill you yeah he
bros really on his phone
he went right back to it oh babe I'm
sorry the ball came my way
what up guys welcome to Mahmud Mondays
oh hey how are you
so oh I'm sorry
so we came to the mall we got done
finishing there me take eight cut that
off cut that out alright when you I
didn't just cut that up
so we did Raji he had to go back so we
won't see him for the rest of the day
but
basically
 blurt y'all what up man
first off diet season is on a hole right
now because starting tomorrow anyway
he does you know
monthly pickup you ain't never seen
anybody show you their sneaker pickups
in the middle of the line
I get a slice of cheese
we gotta dress like Kanye a lot of
people gonna hate on me the gray version
distant light work
best pizza in the world right now no
actually
can you hook it up with some bread
please free bread glia free breaking
free bread today
please prevent bread game
shut up tomorrow
it's my life
now a lot of people to ask me what do
you drink would you
like
a marinara lemonade Granero lemonade
when Eric you know defense
in there I'm a no rash from you today
where
extra calories nobody too much to notice
an MDM heavy MTL beyond if we sent me my
friends they got money to spend
don't be absurd for MMB no more brothers
shoutout to the love advice with dr.
Jamie shoutout to why is his vlog
what you eating there fan blow the balls
you don't have enough balls in your
mouth last night I think I left my keys
in my car on the Sikhs that my keys are
not in my pocket no someone has the
potential of stealing everything in my
car hopefully not because I see my Butte
and
so so
what do you guys got planned for the
rest of the day amigos watch a Bollywood
movie watch a Bollywood movie okay
sounds great
homework hi let's see homework huh I'm
just recording my life broke somebody
could have stole my whole car so these
freaking jerk-offs yeah you got a park
daily so these jerk-offs took my keys
and they pranked me cheering coughs
these jerk so check their channel for
that stupid footage it's a prank my
heart was racing because if they would
have took my flip if my keys would have
been lost I would have been screwed over
because my spare key is back home in the
bay so I would have had to get my
towed and then have my key shipped out
to me it's not funny family yeah all of
a sudden man bun in the frickin snapback
all alone look at this guy what do you
think would you move it in hey alright
y'all so let me show you guys the ultra
booths the shoe is hella comfortable
these are freaking sick
I bought these I mean there's still
hello overpriced their 180 I feel like
they should be like 150 the most but
super comfortable shoe if anybody's
looking like a casual true to rock all
the time can't go wrong with this
apparently my camera doesn't want to
focus and I'm actually gonna uncage it I
seen it on Instagram people took this
thing off and it looks freaking dope so
I'm gonna do that kind of like a poor
man's easy I'll definitely make a video
for that on crew kick so super
comfortable my word is tonight honestly
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
like you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while don't talk to a wish
