it is not even Bruce anymore he's
Caitlyn you know oh man not again
good morning guys it's early super early
and my package is finally here so I can
finally do this freaking unboxing all I
can say is that a big thank you to my
homie Bay John who gifted these to me
again this is the second pair of shoes
that he gifted to me and this one and I
told him I told him like let me pay for
these and he's like nah man this is your
birthday gift so this is an early
birthday gift probably gonna be the best
birthday gift I get but it's just a
blessing man so thank you again man he's
in India right now he's on this trip so
not sure if he's watching this or not I
don't know if he's gonna be checking the
vlogs but i'ma text him right now and
tell him that I got home and I'm just so
excited and so happy to have these like
as a sneakerhead you guys are probably
gonna see me posted on my Instagram
because I have no patience I really have
no patience but alright I'm but to do
this unboxing video so excited all right
guys we got a first-timer about to ride
the hoverboard
okay bullshit you didn't even do the one
foot technique you just learned how to
do it
hoverboard exercises with Josh you do it
better than a lot of people my boy
Harris can't even freaking do it without
holding on to something damn ride in it
this is riding the shysters turn fam you
got to get on oh right you're going to
advance right now hey so this you got to
get used to the sensitivity and you just
like get used to it with one point and
then when you get on it just relax
first try to get on it and be relaxed
like get on the pole yeah hold on feel
like I'm about to fight it no put one
foot on put one foot on
now you just gotta jump on and just get
your balance once you get your balance
you'll be good
like cozy oh yeah
this is the shortest my hair has ever
been in the Year 2015
oh man I'm just not used to it but I
think it's cool man
no more freaking hair coming over to the
sides and shave when I got that work
well you know that I need ya you know
the other you all right guys so if it
seems we've been called out again here
we go watch this
basketball you guys will fly up to you
guys Adam Lim okay Adam and slim we
don't need you guys to fly out here we
will fly to you guys where we originally
planned to have the match me and Harris
will come let's say December will come
in December and we will face you guys on
that exact court that you're playing on
so start practicing because team QoP
does not lose so be ready get those
shots going and don't make no excuses
when we win all right I love you guys
and we will see you guys soon
what up guys so currently hovering
around I feel weird with my short hair
but I'm getting used to it no more hats
maybe once in a while a hat I'm probably
know where I went tomorrow but the
reason why I wore hats is because my
hair would always come on my face and
would come in my face my hair
what everybody DJ has here from
collective kicks calm we're gonna bring
you another thing alright guys so we
just got back to the Bay Area from our
vacation spot I'm pretty sure you guys
know our snapchats were pretty live this
weekend but so I get is doing his first
real legit ride on the hoverboard
alright that fan but real talk man just
imagine it's right now she was like just
imagine swag like this at school can't
say where you go school but when he wins
that school just imagine him wearing
some Yeezys and his snack snapback and
red beads white iphone beat Dan white
iPhone his white iPhone handphone Harris
has never done it without holding on to
something family it's not hard bro and
get off him backwards stop getting off
forward that's how you hit your foot
Jaime spit $25 on a cheeseburger do you
mean it was his own food we even go with
this No get get on with holding
something hold on to him to get on yes
yeah but when now let go let go just
stand straight okay stop okay go you're
like the funniest person I've watched
like right it like okay try to turn try
to turn there you go there you go today
was actually the official first video of
crew kicks which was a trailer a lot of
people didn't realize it was just the
trailers to the channel so a lot of
people were mad at the comments or
saying that this is what they waited for
no guys you're waiting for the channel
itself every day of the week Monday
through Friday there's gonna be a new
video and this is just a trailer to
introduce the channel which is actually
it has a meaning behind it it's not just
like hey look at me crawling to get some
shoes there's a meaning to it so I'm not
gonna tell you what it is I'm gonna see
who knows so comment down below what you
guys think
meant and I know a few people are gonna
make some funny comments about it and
say oh it meant some something stupid
but yeah just comment down below what
you guys think the real message behind
the point of that trailer was yes okay
we're gonna go eat right now so let's go
eat or buy at this pace we'll get there
on next to my next year's birthday
birthday birthday 2016 because I'm only
27 and I'm only getting better if I
haven't caught you
cuz I'm only 27 and I'm only getting
better if I haven't passed you yet watch
me catch up now for real we were hungry
before Harris has to head back home okay
to end it out
I don't even like in and out but
whatever and I didn't diet this weekend
honestly George well or whatever I want
you to vlog just so I can add intro for
Weiser's log
I
so guys bitch I want my damn ATM card
and there's an intro that don't like
because I don't know why you could say
Bruce Jenner on there he's not even
Bruce anymore he's Caitlyn you know hey
guys wise heads blog you can walk down
the stairs blog swag shorted the
bathroom
how's that taste you can find me push it
up on Frank block on my fucking gang you
a really brown shoes looking as a friend
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming out of room at this
