if but I feel I guess yeah so I switch
my girls around like Brielle's what
everybody so we started the day off by
updating my iPhone to that iOS 9 I heard
it has the middle finger emoji which I'm
really excited about Hey look it to me
welcome to my Wednesday and it's another
typical day in my week but we're
actually going to be putting a lot of
work in today okay the phone is now
starting up today I'm actually going to
be filming a unboxing for crew kicks but
the thing is I can't show you what it is
because it's going to be a surprise for
crew kicks and unboxing is actually
going to go after the review because the
review needs to go first so because the
review is going to be actually the first
video that comes out besides the trailer
I don't know the extra table so I'm just
going to pick up this computer table and
I'm going to put it right here if it
fits hopefully so remove all this stuff
right now
so might as well just buy a new table
right hopefully this fits me and it does
not but we can still make it work
yeah there's no middle finger hey they
got the Afghanistan flag bruh we moving
up and Harris claims that there's the
middle finger emoji somebody on his
snapchat snapchat at it but I can't find
it so I don't know it's kind of fishy
alright definitely this thing needs some
ironing but and I hate my hands when I I
hate my fingers so when I unbox video
things like that I'm gonna be wearing
gloves which is kind of weird but to
stand out and this in in anything you
gotta be a little different so just
remember that so I'm about to step out
go pick up my package I really like my
outfit this is my $12 Target shirt that
I got no $7.99 I'm trippin this shirt
was $7.99 it's just that long-sleeve I'm
telling you plain long sleeve tees are
the way to go for the wintertime you
know it's not a sweater it's it keeps
you covered and it looks dope just get a
size bigger so I'm usually a large but I
got a XL just because I like it more bad
gear because you know I go with the
whole Kanye feel and like this is
something he has in his freakin fashion
show and it's going to cost like $300
like it's ridiculous Kanye come on lower
those prices for us actually release a
collection before you unveiled the new
collection you know what I'm saying but
I heard that the adidas is releasing it
like on October 29th and I got my rib
genes these are actually from PacSun and
I just I did the holes myself so I did
this one a little too big but it still
looks dope so so we bout to step out
right now and now we got to pick what
shoes we want to wear it low-key I kind
of want to wear these but then I look to
army but that should looks dope as
honestly maybe I should just wear some
red truth pop off that like spoke to him
oh this is hot well this is covering
half my shoes so let's see what we got
downstairs mmm
Jordan ones it's done I'm so lazy man
I'm just going to get the mail right now
before I leave I'm thinking this thing
if but I mean I guess the yellow so I
switch my girls around like hey dan den
dan den dan den dan den dan den do it
yeah oh that was smoothly yellow snook
yes yes these aren't even mine this is
the person that used to live they used
to have this peel box so I just need
that stuff in there so this was not the
package I came to get and um I'm kind of
I'm not mad because somebody sent me
this I don't know even know what it is
so I'll just unbox this it's from
Wyoming I'm gonna think okay so I'm
really enjoying this little setup that I
have here I think it's pretty cool but
anyway I'm about to unbox this for you
guys so here we go
I forgot to grab something to unbox it
with but I'll try to open it with my
hands now I want to look like all the
other cool youtubers I'm gonna go Bob
get my knife okay that's what I need to
buy I need to buy a cool knife to open
all my stuff with so if you guys know
any cool ones I'll probably try to find
like a supreme one just to look cool or
something I don't really buy supreme I
don't buy supreme stuff at all but here
we go
I don't know who this is from it just
says East Bay love you both Christ and
hair and then it cuts off so it's from
Washington DC I'm so confused as to what
this could be
George East Bay oh
what the hell did I think somebody got
us some shirts yo this is crazy okay so
I'm guessing this one is for what yo
this is dope a Kobe shirt it has the
snake and it is two four on there
it's a dry fit Kobe shirt that's
freaking stoked what is it plain black
you got the Kobe logo on here
Kobe logo on there you see that I'm new
to the showing like this this is amazing
I had no idea I was going to get this so
this is for me size large perfect it's
for Harris because it's a bronze oh no
way
this is dope Oh Harris is gonna love
this
oh this is safety who got this for us
that's what I want to know I got a text
Harris right now first so the name on
the billing from the East Bay um receipt
is a bet a bot must well uh mace well
like I could be pronouncing it wrong you
guys know I'm horrible with names but a
bet
thank you so much I have no idea who you
are I wish I had like your Twitter or
something on here if you're watching
this please tweet me or hit me up on
Instagram or snapchat or something and
let me know that this was you so here we
go finally got my little thing reset it
up I love this train man this is a
lifesaver I got my life talked about to
make the promo video
because ladies and gentlemen I have the
official date and location totally free
we are going to be in Arlington Virginia
on October 4th Sunday at the gateway
park in Arlington Virginia obviously and
7 8 11 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. 11 a.m. to 7:30
p.m. we will be there all day me and
Harris will be in the house hanging out
even though it's outdoor event we'll be
in the house totally free man totally
free come hang out with us
pick up some dream crew socks we're
gonna that's the first place that
they're going to be available for sale
anyone that buys a dream crew sock it's
a free t-shirt so it's going to be a
t-shirt and the sock for 20 dollars it's
I think that's a really good deal but
yeah Sunday October 4th all my VA people
my DC people Maryland all that good
stuff make sure you guys come out man if
you can I wouldn't even like to see some
of my New York Oh least Coast anybody
it's in the area facilities few hours
away come through and hang out with this
is we're going to be there all day uh
we're not just going to be on stage
we're going to be out and about hanging
out checking out things the whole
festival and it's gonna be fun man like
I said it's free so why not come out and
hang out with us in let's have fun man
be in the vlogs you know have a good
time
um so yeah man super excited about to
shoot the little promo video to send
over to them so they can post on their
Facebook page and um yeah time to get to
work yeah
hey everyone it's that time of year
again it is the sixth annual Afghan arts
and culture festival Sunday October 4th
2015 myself alongside my good friend
Harris will be hosting for the third
year in a row and we are super excited
to be back the festival will be at the
gateway park in Arlington Virginia
starting 11:00 a.m. until 7:30 p.m. and
we will be there all day on the stage
off the stage hanging out with you guys
the event is open to everyone it's
totally free and everyone is welcome to
come I'm super excited to be back again
and to hang out with everyone and
explore the festival and just have a
great time so make sure you guys come
out October 4th to the event arts and
culture festival and I will see you
there
hey everyone hey everyone it's that time
again for the third time in a row and we
are so honored to be there and I was
pretty good when I messed up Sunday
October 4 2015 myself and my good friend
Harris will be hosting for the third
year in a row and we are stupid myself
and my good friend Harris will be
hopefully me and my good friend Harris
will be there for the 4th 3rd 4th 3rd
3rd I think it's 3rd it's going to be at
bla bla bla this year's festival will be
at the blowing danten danten this year's
festival will be at the Arlington this
year's festival will be at the Arlington
Park in all know we'll be at the gateway
park that was good
Afghan arts and cultural festival I
can't wait like I see you guys October
4th you got it hopefully the audio
worked my freaking mic turned off man
better we do that whole thing is it
working now yeah look there's no audio
god damn it
retake so I just needed to get out of
the house so I got out and came out and
I'm on my hover level board
poor cocky and man I'm just riding
cruising enjoying the lot in the air
this beautiful weather this beautiful
day this bull just like the blessing man
you can never take it for granted I
filmed two videos I did a compare my
brother-in-law got his mom materials in
the tents so I did a comparison video
between the mom materials in the mom
Curiel 8 so I did a little cool video
there there's gonna be just bonus videos
that I not bonus videos this is gonna be
days when I just post like videos like
that you know now I know I already hype
up all this stuff saying like oh I'm
gonna have next level content I am you
know what I'm saying but there's gonna
be days when I oh I felt a raindrop
there's gonna be days and I just post
like comparisons or unboxings and things
like that you know I'm saying so you're
gonna get a little bit of everything and
it's gonna be dope dude it's about to
rain and I'm so excited I love this
weather time to go get them sweaters and
so I was doing that and then I filmed it
the other video the one about me meeting
Kobe and I deleted the footage because I
didn't like how it came out
if the video kept coming in going in and
out of focus so I deleted it and I'm
gonna redo it tomorrow as well as the
other unboxing as well as the other
review so I'm gonna do two review two -
I'm gonna from three videos tomorrow for
COO cakes trying to put together a main
Channel video for this Sunday as well
but I might actually release it on
Saturday just so I don't know I haven't
figured that out yet so don't don't
I have no promises yet so don't say like
oh he promises something and he didn't
give it to us so still trying to figure
it out I know whoa and I'm just you know
enjoying life right now so looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal then feeling
what I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
all know what I feel like
