your camera it's looking at me Kim it
can be understanding
y'all dude I just got up and look at
this thing right you're holy ma this
thing is about to go hit my face this is
like killing off the ceiling this thing
is huge I'm having oh my god he's going
lower - I'm trying to focus on this oh
my god look at this guy
this is like oh this is like the dude
that attacked me at Harris's house he
followed me back here I gotta kill this
guy I'm really sorry I gotta kill you
bro so how to kill a spider with
sneakers we're gonna use the Air Jordan
1 blackout you guys probably didn't we
don't have these my mom bought me these
from Germany because I told her to buy
me some Jordan one so she got me these
so kill this oh he's still
there he's still there baby
we have him hanging I think I ripped his
wire it's a wire all right rest in peace
to the great soul sorry brother had to
do it so we pop the music so I don't get
no copyright issues you already know
what it is we're all champ up to go in
do some work right now I'm about to
actually start shooting the trailer the
first video for coot kicks right now and
I'm doing it all on my own because it
has to be done and because I have the
vision finally for it it took a while it
took a couple weeks but here's the thing
that I haven't mentioned this I've been
thinking about making a third channel
for almost two years now and I've been
hesitant because people have been
telling me they said just stick to crew
TV put your clothing content put your
monthly pickups put your sneaker content
on there the first time that I actually
you know monthly pickups was doing
really good when I was living in LA with
Youssef and he told me he said don't do
it right now he said do it later
the crew TV audience and then and then
launch it so I listened to him I
listened to Harris I listened to a few
other people and they all agreed that I
should build a crew TV audience but now
the crew TV audience I feel like is so
strong we grew so quick that I think
it's time because I'm not trying to miss
any opportunities and I have so many
ideas that I want to do that I need to
start crew kicks and it's been two years
of ideas and visions and I get to find
me I've had this blank canvas and I get
to finally start painting on it for you
guys so for all the people that think
I'm just doing this just to have a third
channel just to make money or whatever
no I'm doing this because it's something
in my life that I'm really passionate
about which is sneakers and fashion
being able to help you guys you know if
some people love them with the pickups
they want to know what's hot they want
to know what I'm wearing some people
love the sneaker videos they want to
know what's in my collection what's news
you know what's going on different
things like that so yeah man I'm just
really excited to start this so
hopefully you guys stick with it I just
promoted it for the first time on
Instagram so we'll see how people react
on there hopefully it helps build the
audience and the shoe there's only one
shoe I'm including in the trailer and
that's probably the most iconic shoe I
believe in the most popular shoe
arguably which is these the bread
Elevens now you could argue that the
bread one should be the ones in the
video but I only have the lands
mountains and I think it would be kind
of weird if I have the lands mountains
in the first video rather than a real
pair of bread so I'm using these and
dude my parents
das I need to start wearing these more I
just this is probably like the one shoe
that I where don't wear that much they
look straight des bra
honestly well
we'll see if I wear them today and this
in the video or not that's the whole
concept we're gonna go outside and film
right now so I've got my camera and
let's get it
so give you a quick preview preview this
is the opening shot that's all I can
tell you all right let's get at me look
at that and I wrapped up my hands for
the video you won't hear me complain
about that but pretty much done with it
now I just need to record like the audio
cuts and all that good stuff so oh that
was a struggle man I'm not gonna tell
you what I did but that was a nice
little struggle I'm happy nobody looked
at me like I was crazy even though it's
kind of like low-key empty around here
but well what up y'all so I just left
Target and I got a little calendar I
could ride on I got a long-sleeve shirt
since I got the winter stuff coming in
and I got some a black sheet I'm gonna
use it as my black backdrop for a few
videos that it's gonna be on crew kick
so we just preparing with different
types of things right now getting closer
and closer to launch day so now it's
that time of the night where we hit
today yeah as I go to the gym at this
current moment Harris is playing with a
brand new little toy he got so let's
head over to Harris Harris take over
I'm some guys so today I got special
special special package in the mail
there it is
the bb-8 the Droid you've been looking
for unboxing coming up and we're gonna
go ahead and get into sorry our two
super nice
there's the inner put that beautiful
little baby pea right there okay there
she is baby it's so so nice let's get a
little closer
alrighty so unbox it here we go get the
little charging station right there I've
got the baby the ball got the head right
here so it says to leave the ball so you
can find the base of it and then the
head just kind of and it just sticks on
and then we're gonna put him right here
this little boy bb-8 turned on the
charging port so he's lighting up
okay he's charging I don't know how long
I lost a charge for but we'll leave him
here for a little bit
whoa don't look at me don't you dear Oh
keep like me bb8 he's looking at me did
you just wake up
bb8 your camera it's Kim it can you
understand me yeah you're looking like
dead-on at me holy Sh sorry Artie I
think I found my new favorite toy sorry
man
we'll put these two guys next to each
other right here I'll get you a little
closer
pv8
I'm gonna save us up to the fans let's
get you a little closed off Oh same
thing sir
so this this this little robot is
controlled by my phone so it's gonna be
kind of hard to show you guys a rollin
around but we'll see how it works but
I'm excited to play with this thing now
I don't like I don't never had a cat or
dog so this thing be like my pet
this is it for now I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog thanks
Thank You Harris for sending me your
unboxing the footage I hope you guys
enjoyed that I need to trim this hair
because it's just like overflowing now
the Shawn hunter cut is overflowing now
I'm gonna take care of that on Friday so
what was that line that kind yesterday
we got a lot to stunt about coming up in
the next few weeks so Jamie back to back
somebody looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you'll know what I feel
like got a lot of boys
