what's good everybody your boys pulling
up starting the vlog out on Melrose I'm
out here fire kicks are y'all doing
young mocha anything you know I'm saying
this is post engagement vibes right now
the party was late I just posted a vlog
shoutout to everybody who watched and
she watched and supported it you know we
out here though getting back on the
daily grind it's actually really really
foggy out here in LA but the vibes are
good you can cash out to go it's a cash
shot type of day to cash out type of day
hello increase the limit and we're gonna
see how much we could get for these
Jordans right yeah I like the 60 bucks
60 70 I'll take a hundo I like that all
right but anyway yeah we just on Melrose
nothing planned but hopefully we can
sell those maybe we'll do a challenge
let's see how much we could need for a
100 cash 124 keymaster credit yeah and
then we're gonna use all that money on
the keymaster yeah shout out to the
construction team
all the way
all the weeds around the corner you're
going to do it nothing problem oh I
might go to the game actually then we'll
go to the Warriors game
warriors Clippers boy we might have
actually tickets I'll let you know
stay tuned let's go to cool kicks first
I said we need this for the keymaster
family because you know we plug talk we
eating good today family real good today
go straight to the key man I said we win
the see let's see all right let's see
what machine is hot right now oh my god
by the brown bag alright guys so no cops
or mocha got some sneakers show them no
knots let him see it on the gram you
know say you're right Holloman zhanlin
gram but yeah now we're gonna hit up
around to to Melrose is poppin today
good vibes like I said but no keymaster
W little disappointing but you know some
sometimes you win sometimes sometimes
you lose something I'm sayin so people
get mad they don't see how many times
you lose but when you win they say it's
rigged yeah exactly
you've well you've lost more money
losing than winning yeah I mean it's
pretty known how the keymaster works
these days I mean you know I'm saying we
saw a couple people talk about it
yesterday
Blake went pretty much explained the
whole thing in his vlog so there's
nothing to hide but at the end of the
day there are winners you know I'm
saying there are winners there's people
who literally go put five bucks in that
machine and they win and then there's
people who put a hundred bucks and they
don't win or they win it does it's it's
about timing it's about you know
you know look you know I'm saying it's
like gambling it's like Vegas it's like
the slot machines you know I'm saying
but we took an L today I haven't won in
like a year to be honest with you guys
but you know it might still take a W on
melrose so we got to go to round two and
see what they have I want to see those
Jordan ones that came out a couple days
ago
it's a collab with a female I forgot her
name yo what up exhales car what else do
you have just like some vintage vintage
guys how you doing man you know Braun so
checking in with the man himself mr.
Manny yeah no I goes bro
guys if you haven't seen it we made a
skit like a year and a half ago
and the movie do it in the movie theater
I'll insert a clip right here are you
trying to sit there oh my god oh my god
Saddam Saddam you still coming over
after nothing I haven't seen my man in a
minute where how you been good I'm good
man I'm seeing you I'm seeing what the
dream crew or not as we see how it kind
of know it ain't kind of yeah
that boy got on the merge though we got
on the merge still can I cut you all
right so no cops around to either but I
think we're gonna hit up Fairfax check
out a few stores over there too and then
come I don't know I don't know maybe see
what else but still no double use but
it's okay you gotta take out have you
everyone I don't know what I'm so good
at work me and Mina have a kid we get in
her that we get in this bra a thousand
percent we get in this right here that's
sold it all right that's not verified
this is that fufu we don't mess with
this okay doesn't verify this at all on
Fairfax this sign says it's a rep so I
mean it's not like you're trying to fool
people people yeah yeah he's not trying
to fool people man to selling fake fake
easiest on on Fairfax but like it said
fakes reps so at least he's telling
people so that's just weird
but the vibes are weird today
see how beautiful this guy is but I
haven't seen a sky this beautiful in LA
in a very very long time and give it got
them Texas vibe so it's so beautiful
Texas they put on the IG post yes thank
you know that you both let me tell you
guys this you know I've been saying it
all day Elle's not getting anything just
as you know if you go window-shopping it
doesn't mean you're taking a hell you
know I'm saying you just picking you
just pick you you know what you want
because you just making smarter
decisions and you're saving money so you
taking a W at the end of the day all
right guys so we are back at the crib
right now we just got done playing some
2k and now we're gonna actually go whoo
I'm not gonna take this camera I'm gonna
take my GoPro but I'm gonna finally play
basketball and then curry force so I'm
excited to finally test these out I'll
let you guys know how they feel because
I've been you know praising these shoes
and I get to finally test them out on
court so my whole opinion on this shoe
might change today so we'll see I'll be
honest with you guys I'm not gonna lie
to you guys and y'all ready to the ball
get it
alright guys so we just got done hooping
well we didn't just get done but we were
done we're done hooping back at the crib
doing laundry playing 2k hanging out
mochas last night in town Ahmed and woke
up and just sleeping over I feel like
they're my roommates we got a noise
complaint by my apartment from the guy
downstairs cuz apparently playing 2k at
night there's a little loud but it's my
first ever noise complaint but I'm not
gonna make it a big deal
also my shield t-shirt came in the mail
from WWE so just a side note and bucks
that off-camera but main reason why I
turn the camera on is because I just
play basketball of these as you guys
know Under Armour did send me these the
Curry fours this is the China Edition
this is the first pair that I received
this is the first pair that I played
basketball with I'm not gonna get too
into like technology and all that stuff
but I'm just gonna tell you guys this
stuff that you really really care about
which is are they a good shoe right off
the bat the fit of the shoe is amazing
it goes right to your foot you know that
sock like upper is fantastic there's no
really ankle support on the upper it's
all right here and it's it's more about
where your heel gets placed when you're
like ankle lands and you roll it rather
than this protecting it like you could
use an ankle brace and the reason why I
trust that is just because Curry's had
issue with ankle problems but if he's
willing to play in a shoe like this then
I don't see a risk and I don't see
myself taking too big of a risk playing
in them either so and I play in low tops
too so I'm not too worried about that
I've rolled my ankle in high tops I've
rolled my ankle in low tops I've rolled
my ankle in freakin Air Force Ones
before so it doesn't matter really to me
what shoe you wear let's go over the
pros and then we'll go over the cons the
pros are super comfortable I didn't have
any issues with comfort super low to the
ground I felt like I wasn't wearing
really anything on my shoe super super
light there was no problem with my feet
you know getting hot or you know
sometimes when you wear a new shoe and
your foot starts burning or
or super stiff like what I did is I just
you know kind of break it in before I
try it on and play with it traction was
a one very good although it did pick up
a lot of dust that didn't seem to really
affect the traction on the shoe so that
was good I still want to clean it off
just because it looks super ugly with
all that I don't know how the hell I got
a little stain right there from playing
basketball but you know what we'll clean
that right not only crappy tag but my
collab gone I could do that to the whole
bottom but I don't want to waste my time
right now I want to see but damn now
let's go to the cons and I have two
complaints with the shoe toe area right
here which is just you know it's just
there's nothing there's no like hard
fuse to protect your toe or anything
like that and what happened with me is
sometimes when I backpedal my feet and
my back of my foot on one foot ends up
hitting the other foot outsole going
straight to my toe because there's not
too much protection in there so that
kind of did hurt my toe but other than
that like this whole upper area I
thought it was gonna be hard to break in
but it was super super comfortable so
that was pretty good and now my second
complaint is one that I actually knew
was gonna happen just because I watched
Nightwing's review on the shoe and he
said the same thing the lacing system is
great
I had to release my shoes after one play
just because my foot was kind of like
sliding on the inside but then after I
laced it up the second time perfectly
fine obviously every basketball shoe
well 95% of the basketball shoes they
get more comfortable after the first two
three wears this area right here this
area right here was getting pinched I
guess I don't know what it was but every
time I kind of bent my foot this fused
area was rubbing against or getting
pinched in between the lace and this
area right here so it was like pinching
it on both feet kind of got irritating
to the point where I was okay with not
playing anymore and I just wanted to
take the shoes off because it just felt
it like it started to sting but from
what Nike Nightwing said which
I I know what's gonna happen as well as
that's something that you're gonna need
to break in and it's gonna go away after
time now when I got home I looked at my
I'm not gonna show you guys I'm gonna
stick my foot in the air but I actually
have a blister on that same spot
on the top of my foot which is weird
because I've never had that issue before
but basically what I would suggest is to
leave the lace area a little bit loose
on this mid area so that it doesn't like
fully you know keep your ankle tight in
there so that it doesn't pinch against
it again you're gonna have to break it
in it's not that big of a deal but you
know it can get annoying and someone
like myself like I'm obviously not the
best player in the world but it
distracts you from you know being on top
of your game so I'm gonna give this an
a- which is very very good that's like 9
out of 10 stars I definitely definitely
definitely recommend this shoe to
anybody who loves a lightweight
basketball shoe that is super super
close to the ground very comfortable
upper $120 for this shoe is worth it I'm
gonna say that this is my favorite
basketball shoe at the moment again
shout out to Under Armour for sending me
these um you know Under Armour has shown
me a lot of love and lived up to their
expectations that's they definitely
lived up to expectations and I
definitely recommend them to all of you
guys thank you guys for watching if you
enjoyed hit that thumbs up we're gonna
be back tomorrow with another video cuz
we going to the Warriors vs. the
Clippers game my first game of the NBA
season tomorrow's vlog I'll probably
talk to you guys about a few things that
I have on my mind but we'll save that
for tomorrow's vlog so stay tuned for
that and also shout out to my boy money
kicks because money kicks is going to be
the first sneaker youtuber to reach 1
million subscribers which is insane my
little brother Money cakes very very
proud of him and I can't wait to see him
again soon when we go to Dubai and
create more adult content together and
if you haven't already go subscribe to
him because he's like he's either hit it
or he's like
and followers away from hitting it so
make sure you guys go show him love on
social media and all that stuff because
one thing I'll say cuz I know a lot of
people are gonna hate on it saying in
dis dis dis dis it doesn't matter if you
have money doesn't matter about your age
what matters is the hustle you gotta
respect the hustle whether you have the
surroundings or not if you're able to
make it happen you can make it happen so
lazy people are gonna hate and you just
gotta appreciate the success so shout
out to my boy Rashi shoutout to my
teacake shoutouts all you guys and we
out of UI
