guess who's back y'all guess who's back
in the motherfucking hands family just
got done eating something Arab red that
was my first meal of the day
nice little happy I need me awesome
wheat bread you know gotta run a few
errands to start the day off although it
is almost 3 o'clock I think it is
actually 3 o'clock but first things
first I wonder how many of you guys said
I'm the realist in your head right now
shout out to the little homie who
actually copped my autograph Kobe's are
off me and he sent me this picture right
now and on Twitter and he said thanks
for the shoes guys can you put this in
the vlog so this is a little homie let
me get a better shot because it might be
Larry Bird and he might be the youngest
kid with a pair of Kobe Pease check him
out man he got a pair of autographed
Kobe peas from me so shout out to him
and then the other homie just received
his package - he got my cherries off me
and I threw in a free cruise season
shirt to match it I swapped Jamie's
Jeter's for him so I need to ship those
out to him I actually need to text him
ask him what's his address because I
don't know his address rooms and what's
your address papi and I gotta go to
Target cuz I got a return on that Star
Wars stuff so hopefully they're taking
fall although we wore it we did not use
it out and we are one I repeat we are no
we're not even one week we are less than
a week away from the launch of crew
kicks and I am so excited for this man
every single day new ideas for the
channel popped into my head
and let me bow on these motherfuckers
there's a lot of bad bitches in the
building amen
I get nervous thinking about it because
I'm like dude five videos a week I
already have trouble including a vlog
every day of the week and a freaking
main channel but I'm focused man and I'm
ready to do this
and I got that best crew in the world
supporting me you guys and I know you
guys are gonna take care of me man we're
sharing and and all that stuff man
trying to help the audience grow and I
don't I don't have a doubt in my mind
that we are going to have dope content
and I don't have a doubt in my mind that
you guys aren't gonna love it but I'm
just hoping that we get
the recognition we deserve in the
sneaker community and if they don't give
it to us we gonna make them give it to
us right
all right guys gotta go to Target I'm
walking into this place with two bags
full of Star Wars stuff they're gonna be
like what the okay so I ship Jamie shoes
out but I got another package I need to
open up y'all go you guys are gonna love
this
I'm low-key kind of scared to open this
and you guys will see why but a lot of
people have been waiting for this moment
it is a new charger for my hover board
you guys are like wow that's it but
hopefully it works man if it doesn't
work I'm gonna be soaked up though the
reason why I'm scared is because so one
of the pins is missing too so there's a
three holes here so I don't know if it's
even gonna work but oh let's try man
he'll scaring it yes
is it charging I think it's charging but
it's making that noise which is hell
annoying I don't know if it's charging
or not oh my god I'm like happy and I'm
sad at the same time because I think it
is charging guess who's back y'all
guess who's back in the motherfucking
hands shout out to my boy level boards
calm breath sent me a new charger we get
to go Brett I thought I was gonna be out
of luck we are dancing doing the
Macarena buzzer man I'm gonna name a
green I low-key kind of like lost my
footing on here and I feel like I'm
gonna fall off again but I haven't
really wrote it for like a couple day
like two three weeks so uh it's gonna
take some like a couple of minutes for
me to get used to it
I'm gonna try to go up this curve right
here Flicka my fault oh no I made it
back to being a fat ass and not walking
anymore feels good all right now I got
this thing popping off I'm about to try
some tricks that I've been wanting to do
like I can't bend my knees I had offered
the slaughter growing up so you don't
know what that is google it I'm
literally using my butt cheek right now
okay
okay oh my god I'm done anymore what's
up brothers and sisters or shall I say
brothers because 80% of my audience on
crew TV is male I checked that analytics
earlier actually checked last night
anyway time for that dad part of the day
where I head to the gym I was actually
supposed to start my bootcamp today but
my bootcamp is in Santa Clara which is
literally no not Santa Clara oh yeah
Santa Clara my bootcamp is literally
five minutes from the Levi's Stadium and
Monday Night Football is going on at
Levi's Stadium so it would have been too
hectic so I'm gonna go tomorrow start
tomorrow and we go to the gym right now
though so we're gonna go put in some
work in the gym since I think all
weekend's those I hear this house oh
yeah
trying to come up with the intro for
crew kicks has been the hardest thing I
can take the easy route and just do a
little intro where I go like what's up
y'all welcome to crew cakes on this
channel you're gonna find me being a
stupid piece of crap and slapping myself
in the face with sneakers yeah that's
right sneakers or I can do something
dope and it's just you know mentally
it's not there right now
you know what I'm saying but like it's
like a little ideas bouncing off my head
and one of them's gonna stay
expand it so still got a few days to
prepare that but we already got the
Monday video Tuesday video through the
Wednesday video Thursday video and
Friday video ready I'm just looking for
that first video which is the intro that
I need to work on so but right now the
main focus is putting in some work on
the gridiron grill just kidding I'm
saying uh the gym ok so let's go to the
gym so after I get this little workout
in oh the sky looks crazy right now I
gotta go get some more strawberries
because something I don't know if it's
my fridge at an office I don't know what
I'm looking for but every time I buy
strawberries they get weird after like
two days so I got to get my weekly
supply it's only gonna last me a two
days so go get some strawberries after
this right some more slight work at the
gym man oh the probably the hardest I
went in a while and I'm ready for that
boot camp tomorrow resume that let's get
a baby it's all about being in the vibe
being the role being in the right
mindset take a few days off or you slip
you end up slipping I can mess you up
gonna happen man this weekend playing in
my ear like crazy so I should really
hear what I'm saying but I can't feel my
face when I'm with you that was a cool
transition outside of luck is about to
go get my strawberries and some other
Viking breakfast is the only meal that I
actually buy to take home because so I
prefer to just make breakfast cuz that's
the easiest thing in the world to do a
little part I just get a basket so I
wish I knew how to like grilled chicken
and stuff I know it's easy but I'm the
type where I'm the type where if I don't
know how to respect when it comes to
cooking I'm the type to where I don't
want to try cuz I feel like I won't make
it right and I'll end up like barfing or
something and just like what's the word
traumatizing myself so I don't even try
and my face is super red so
turn up this weekend what's good alright
guys so it's like 3 a.m. and as you guys
can see especially this one right here
this one right here which is still
bleeding something attacked me like
something went in on me you come to me
with an offer I cannot refuse do you see
this is not the championship of motel 6
Harris this is the championship of the
world
any weight division with that being said
it's 3 a.m. I'm gonna edit this vlog now
and that's it
hope you guys have a great day I hope
this week goes by quick crew kicks
September 20th this Sunday oh I'm so
excited
I'll see you guys later
48 hours shut up at the 48 hour boys
shout out to the BV boys love you guys
if you sell me my looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like
