feeling a lot better I don't know what
it was I think someone farted in the
Darth Vader mask and then I had the dirt
that's on all day is it chilly outside
makeup gee you got nudes
because no penis
what's up commissioners it's your boy
what's up famish finally out man
Oh as you kiddies can tell I'm wearing
the same clothes as yesterday will
different shorts but I didn't bring any
extra shirts because I didn't know I was
gonna stay an extra day but I stayed an
extra day right so we didn't get to
shoot the video at all the Star Wars
stuff so I might have to return all that
stuff I'm about to post a new video
right now or now right now in 30 minutes
so I'm just like preparing and mentally
and physically preparing you know what
I'm saying so now watch me whip watch me
laying it and we're gonna go you right
now all right so yeah boy sup guys so
we're Chili's right now I found some
extra clothes I found my Netherlands
Jersey and my hat I'm winning
we're watching some football since it is
the first day of the NFL whole second
day right Thursday what's the first week
I guess we can first week
Niners play tomorrow when I'm not a
football fan you won't see me on that I
like I want a bachelor all right well
it's good to watch since there's nothing
else I want to grant rather watch
football than watch baseball yeah I
don't watch baseball but I rather I want
to get into football just like I don't
have the patience to sit there
I don't play Madden but if I had to pick
the team obviously I'll go at Niners
even though they suck I used to like
bang girls right when they had checked
out Ken Johnson and then Rudy Johnson
and
what was their quarterbacks name I
forgot his name Brad Johnson no no right
guys but that's when I used to watch the
wanna watch football I only watch the
Super Bowl on
Niners my hometown team done love for
them always make Cali it's all same
thing we don't mess those SoCal teams
out anyway all of a sudden there's a lot
of Raiders fans now why because the
street has a Compton Pat salesmen out
the ring oh yeah
there's a lot of NDB fans none of my
business but I've been bumping that so
actually uses LimeWire guys I think swag
knees I took discards wondering you know
we got the Apple music that was a random
fancy alright guys we're gonna red
chillies anyway we're gonna heat the one
weekend still got this red thing on my
face my eyes better guys thanks for all
the worried tweets and phone calls and
letters to guys post geobox I appreciate
it it's feeling a lot better I don't
know what it was I think someone farted
in the Darth Vader mask and then I had
the done all day this week so I got a
pink guy from that er so that nobody can
have a guy for a few hours I want to
you pay your mouth you can talk anything
I'll change it for you but they have
that I don't tell me where he speaks
here's over here if I can kid in the
candy store again with the Star Wars
stuff so we walking around the mall now
damn it's crazy man all the Jordans
sitting on shelves right there the last
like for shoes that came out
anyway we're just killing time just
checking out stores I'm not going to see
you for a while you're not going to be
in a vlog for a while you know because
we're not going to vlog this weekend
I'm not gonna see you until this weekend
all Friday blog do that
no no so Friday it was the last
oh you know we should get oh yeah what
up guys I just woke up it's Monday and
yeah man spent the it when I got when I
left from Harris yesterday I spent a
whole day preparing different things for
crew kicks cuz we are literally one week
away from the launch of crew kicks I was
making like ads and for Instagram and
things like that so follow me on
Instagram and even just getting things
ready so there was not much to vlog
because I was literally just sitting at
this table all freakin day and we
already man
next Sunday will be the first video
which is the intro Monday will be the
first official video so that's Sunday
and then Monday will be the first
official video and then you got five
girls oh my god and then you got five
videos a week Monday to Friday starting
next Monday and yeah man it's gonna be
crazy man ready to start this let's call
it epicness okay and I gotta go right
back to work edit this vlog start
editing more videos for the channel I
just want to be prepared you know know
day by day stuff I want to be ready I'm
gonna throw videos on there and you know
not have to worry about being consistent
I am gonna be consistent so hope you
guys do subscribe to crew kicks at their
channel if you haven't already you know
it would mean the world to me it would
mean the world to the rest of the crew
subscribe join the third channel and
shout out to everybody who watched the
main channel video let me see how many
views we got in one day let's see what
the crews rockaway
Harris's prank on me
it got twenty six thousand views in less
than a day twenty six thousand so thank
you to everyone who did watch support
and retweet and and just share it man
spread the word let's build the crew
let's grow as a family let's take over
this YouTube sneaker industry this take
over this YouTube prank industry does
take over this YouTube vlog industry
it's just a big dream crew family and
anyway thank god it's getting cold
that's it for today I love you guys
world champs still in the house have a
great week house so hard this week this
weekend this year I love you guys have a
good day I'm out of here
yeah goodbye looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head
