10 hi there Meek Mill fancy yeah y'all
having the week know Pumas ain't coming
out the secret not if you're reading
this it is definitely crew season ladies
and gentlemen welcome to another vlog
today we have a long day planned for you
we have a long day ahead of us I'm gonna
go link up with Harris soon but first I
gotta ship these shoes out because I did
cells from shoes to you guys from the
other days vlog and cherry 12 Oreo fly
nets i sold my assigned Kobe's as well
they are going to have a new home soon
and then my cole Haans which are just
down there I need to pack those up too
so but hit the post office first and
then we are out to Harris sardine asking
I ain't nobody I love hardly know it
snaps snaps me snaps it Oh big name
big Nick we follow them on snapchat
after you better alright guys so we are
on the way to sacramento right now as
you can see it's really really traffic a
lot of traffic how you been fat I hate
fat people for a whole week you ready
for next weekend I was uh I was your
oatmeal with your strawberries it's
family got on for coffee in it how was
your gym session it's good think about
you i watch her every morning I know I
work I know he will keep texting me
right when i upload it today hahaha good
intro yeah I know really your fiends are
not your friends and Lester your fiends
me your fries 100 let's just say I'm
bringing my oh good let's just say we're
bigger I know it ties your opinion on
sneakerhead is stupid you're not ripping
your ass yeah dude everything just
because I can't afford to see these
please man finally shocked everyone that
got mad at me is the people who'd never
bought a Draco yeah 10 y/o Meek Mill
fancy yeah y'all having the week know
Pumas ain't coming out the secret yeah
bitch yeah bitch you is love never in a
million years would I be seeing me in
harris hardly to our software game happy
are we found same yeah we all we did we
have that one vlog let's watch that
tonight when we play soccer at sac state
right now so in sactown so meet and
greet in about after the game so meet us
there there's this is a documentary
about your career denden at first he was
in a socket
but now he's a soccer player spots a
fence I gotta get ready I even found
superstar alright guys another rant
coming at you man it's rigged bro we
came into this tournament we're already
out bro we lost the game started here
out yeah but I came at halftime I got my
minutes yeah I did I had the chance to
score at why I pushing the way because
quality yeah it's true I think you're
fixing the game yeah the biggest score
line yeah was a few score can be moved
is that all people we do so we were
screwed yes there's a lose-lose
situation anyway we're out of the
tournament so okay we work to see that
and I paper guy gave the ref on your
dollars thank you to look at this guy
man
yeah that's not me oh shit Travis good
right here you had a bet right now five
bucks says he's gonna fall
ah to pink that I do it is afraid
there's a camera in the totally aware
doesn't seven you press it
no it's a frame ok say ftv I just got
fun it's actually a deputy boom it's a
prank fell if you got pranked oh did you
just say vh1 I just got hacked the
lifetime network i just got an a on your
ankle that looks like a big it looks
like a lotus Wagga Diddy dog maja come
on then I didn't even know my hero you
small I mean tight buddy another sound
like did it come okay I'm gonna read
some allegations that's why what he said
to you okay I don't mess with that who
said that so I said that regard for you
yeah one I don't mess with that either
yeah what else there's a lot of people
playing that so I guess that he doesn't
work either just do it
I think he does a scene where I like
year before my time i Dobson and I doubt
that's it that's it thank you for your
2nd ed Nike commercial
mercure hola
oh thank you what was your what was it
can we get a word with you chi sao ma
here okay so Lamar here Afghanistan news
in the second half you touch Paris's but
the people want to know is that personal
or was it just something for fun he
looked lazy on the latter days and he
didn't even have a Jersey Boys Jersey
end of the game he also spider my bike
let's go here's uh Yama Yama uh Joseph
marks it Markinson from CNN news is this
your last game I can't say but no yeah
yeah btw how does it feel to be
nominated for athlete of the year
alongside LeBron James Michael Jordan
Muhammad Ali and Steven Spielberg you
know Steven he's gonna wake up i think
means stifter easy Yama Yama name for
the fuck up few people how big is your
shoe size I 50-70 38 okay thank you
that's enough questions for today guys
thank you
just lean testing you're watching telly
you see Suri lucidity long yes I oh good
step your selfie
it was a prank oh yeah there's a camera
right there Emily and there's another
one over we're going to pretend for
water on you we did it but since you're
a good customer we're going to give you
a million dollar gift hard cock see
penny jcpenney yeah they open it thanks
for watching hi so more pranks thumbs
down was this here Devon today hi honest
opinion on Harris honestly Harris was a
genuine bad guy after you know he's very
nice cuddly smells really great
honey by Joe new body wash them swag you
did not greater than harris all day I
think what up guys it's your boy guys
here today it's your girl super Kai's
today we're going to be doing a social
experiment that's going to change
people's lives today we're going to
kidnap Harris and then we're gonna tell
cousin Dan you didn't get kidnapped but
then you gotta get kidnap you don't know
they don't know you have no idea it
hurts me to do this experiment but I
have to to spread a message so just in
customs hey I have ten usually come back
I love handy is it to me your cousin has
been kidnapped how do you feel I'm i can
go legit don't look at the camera then
look at the camera social of looking at
the can use me it was just a social
experiment we might it why don't you
stalking we didn't really kidnap it what
is offering Mackenzie what are just
wanting to stop him you don't care I
love him you love me I love the you love
that I love candy bye guys our
experiment with success I think thumbs
up like subscribe down exactly strike
the Internet yeah yeah would either way
it's like it's like snapchat the hat
shop name now you go in my mom's a
summer baby who do you thank you
everyone that comes to the shot that
shows love i love you are even the kid i
took a picture in the winter you like I
thought he thought I was dragged at a
point but then you find out you're
better looking and Drake nah definitely
not I'm not I'm not the six count of
three guy he took three every boy in 222
look guys yo oh I got been in the vlog
right here no he's not subscribed to me
I give him my card but I never fucked at
me quite facing a muggy alright guys
about to call it a night here at the
Harris household about the edit did
Jamie love hangs up hello green but to
call the night we were gonna pick the
contest winner for the Joker poster
right now when the hairs has right here
but we're gonna dance stacked up on his
freaking Star Wars figures
but we're gonna pick it tomorrow for you
guys because it's late in all right guys
so we'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
we're gonna be filming we're gonna be
chillin we're gonna watch the mayweather
fight money team that's adanya so we'll
see you guys tomorrow have a good night
and that's a show hi well you're gonna
watch in the morning but chef at Spago
cave looking as a friend they don't see
my vision pictures over change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
then feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must
