okay first of all it's freaking hot man
and my house is like a freaking
but I haven't been able to leave because
I'm a good fiend and I had to wait for
Jamie to send me these sneakers so I got
a little package I already opened it up
shoutout to Jamie he gave me a RIF
sticker so I'm gonna go put this on the
back board my world famous sticker back
board he sent me these they're not mine
they're his I just need to change the
size for him because he needs to size
eleven these are a size 12.5 and it what
time is it
it's four o'clock man four o'clock I've
been waiting all day for this to come
Derek Jeter
Jordan one's for sale guys I'm selling
Jamie shoes hit me up I'm just kidding
they're not for sale there is he
actually wants one of these really bad
and he's been dying for his size so I'm
gonna swap it for him and get him his
size because you know he always looks
out for me so I gotta look out for them
for him but this quality is a 1 on these
honesty loci I might just keep these for
myself and keep petting them they're
like they're my little dog they're dope
I like this this this material right
here I've never seen these in person
this is like actual like Jersey material
which is insane and then respect
dopes Air Jordan one man Jamie I got you
hope everyone's having a great day a
great Friday it's Friday Wow
wait tomorrow's Friday this week went by
so freaking slow and I hated it because
I cannot wait for next weekend to come
for reasons I can't say but yeah man
let's get this day started finally I can
leave the damn house what up guys so I'm
gonna do a little car ran for you guys
since I'm stuck in a little bit of
traffic but definitely its sneaker relay
well it's not even sneaker related it's
just a rant so let's start this new
thing called walk grind spices gears
okay check this out as many of my sneak
heads know
the ovo Air Jordan tens come out this
Saturday that's cool and all you know
they're limited
I hope best of luck to everyone I hope
to get a pair although I don't have I'm
not going to camp out for them because I
know there's a big-ass line to go camp
out for them what we're hearing Berkeley
am NOT going to that because I think got
time for all that the thing that pisses
me off
I've had my high peace moments don't
blame me you know what I'm saying but I
don't think you should be able to buy
the shoes I don't think you should have
the right to own a pair of ovo shoes if
you've never bought a Drake album I'm
pretty sure 90% of the people who are
going to copy over your ovo tens have
never purchased an album they've either
illegally downloaded it or they didn't
even download it they just know of Drake
and they just want to get a shoe that's
hyped up with a has Rick's name on it
and those Air Jordan tens are dope if it
did not have the ovo logo or the drake
name on it a lot of people would sit on
them and it wouldn't worry about it
including myself that's true but as a
Drake fan and an ovo fan it's a shoe
that I need to have because you guys
know me I'm a huge Drake fan I have tons
of novio merchandise that's another
thing none of you guys have even
purchased a novio article of clothing
and I have to say that you have to do
that but you want the shoe I'm sure that
you have wanted the shirt shouldn't you
have wanted to go to his concert
shouldn't have you have wanted to
purchase this album so if you're not a
real Drake fan and you're just hopping
on the shoe because of the hype give it
to someone who does appreciate the ovo
movement and it's part of supporting
Drake you know what I'm saying at the
end of the day no matter what I say
people are gonna buy the shoe because it
sells high because they want a hyped up
shoe because they missed out on the
easies so I just strictly think people
are hypocrites for wanting to buy a shoe
of an artist
who they don't even support really like
they didn't even buy his album I
purchased every single album personally
and I'm not saying give it to me you
know what I'm saying I'm not asking you
I'm just trying to point out like to the
people I really think do I want this
shoot just because it's a hyped up
shouid drink name on it more do I want
to shoot because I'm a huge drink fan so
think about that and also like if you
actually like if you're a collector and
you like air jordans and you need this
in your collection then that's cool too
but if you're just the hype beast who is
just trying to buy it because the
Drake's name and you don't give a shit
what the shoot looks like cuz you know
damn well you would have left those on
the Shelf if it didn't have that will be
a logo you need to rethink your live fan
because that's not how the sneaker game
should be you know what I'm saying just
and the same thing applies for any easy
that comes out you know I'm saying half
these people I'm not even paid for now
when we don't say all the money I've
invested in caught Kanye tours and
albums and merchandise I feel like I
should receive the shoe for retail if
not for a decent price but unfortunately
that's not the case I paid a lot of
money for my Easy's besides my black one
which my homie hooked me up and I got
those for free which I'm really blessed
and never overlook that but yeah it just
sucks that real Kanye Drake fans are not
able to get the shoes when people who
aren't real fans get them and
to them for ridiculous amounts so that
was my little rant I I think I executed
it perfectly so I'm gonna edit it so I'm
sorry for this four minute and 15
seconds of ranting this about sneakers
and one guy's gonna come and saying why
is think are so important when people
are starting and different countries my
friend it's a hobby you know what I'm
saying it's like you collecting your
pokemon cards or you collecting
something else you know what I'm saying
it's what keeps us happy into what we
enjoy you know what I'm saying that
doesn't mean we don't care about that
other bullshit going on in the world not
not I mean I don't need to call it
bullshit I mean they call it bullshit
because it shouldn't be happening but we
know that there's all that bad stuff
going on let me rephrase that we know
that there's a lot of bad stuff going on
in the world but that doesn't mean we
overlook it just because we're you're
into sneakers or whatever we are into so
that answers that question and now we
are five minutes into this clip and I
will end it right here because I want to
but what up guys so check it out I just
left the gym got a nice little
late-night workout in it's almost a
looking ball it's almost 12 o'clock
actually the gym closes at 12 so but
when I walked out this gym this weather
was amazing cuz it's burning hot in the
day and now it's like warm and it just
feels amazing man I honestly feel like
going and dipping in the pool right now
and about to actually hit out of here I
feel like I'm gonna get killed it's
quiet anyway
I just want to tell you guys man if you
ever going through I told you guys this
before I think I told you a few weeks
ago why is this something if you're ever
going through a hard time in your life
man keep your head up because you know
everything happens for a reason and you
got to just let it happen because then
you can find out why the reasons gonna
why the reason it was meant to happen
you know God has a plan for everybody so
make sure you guys you know just stay
positive even if it's a very hard
situation in your life like losing
someone anything you lost a job you just
stressed out work is too much pressure
anything like that man times times come
hard times come and go man you got to
just stay positive and then you'll
realize why everything happened for a
reason so stay positive that's just a
little
motivation I got for anybody I know I
just want to remind you guys went to
every once in a while you know to you
know just be positive simple as that
you don't be positive and try to be
happy looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head
