what's up fam I even fam reminds me of
Harris so I can cut it with it all night
and pretend the terrorist day 4 of this
red thing on my face I'm currently going
to drop off some paper for Harris it
might be some drugs in there or
something like that I don't know what
here is the side hustle is you know what
I'm saying so I'll talk to you guys in a
little bit you know I don't know Travis
Scott is like not on good terms with
Target but they don't even have the
album here just so I could did he wear
his sneakers alright you're not helping
me
y'all low-key target is going through
too many changes and I don't like it
like what is what is this like am I at
IKEA or something like where's the walls
what up guys so first of all I want to
apologize for no daily vlog yesterday I
got all these boxes that I just threw
down because I'm gonna throw them all
the way a lot of people as a sneakerhead
they keep their boxes because you know
you might resell later on or you need it
for storage as you guys know I have
those little cubbies upstairs where I
keep my shoes in so I'm gonna throw
these all away because they're shoes
that I know for a fact I'm not gonna
sell and I'm going through all my other
shoes and I'm trying to see what I
really don't need and what I do need so
I'll actually show you guys some of the
shoes once I throw these boxes away oh
the poster giveaway everyone's asking
about the poster giveaway I'm gonna
choose the winner for the poster
giveaway this weekend we were supposed
to do it last weekend but Harris has the
posters and we want to ship them the
same day we picked a winner so we will
be doing them this I'm gonna see him
Friday so we're gonna do a Friday and
we'll ship them out Saturday so yeah I
just found out that I'm playing in a
soccer tournament this weekend with
Harris which is pretty dope okay let me
go throw away these boxes guys bye let
me show you guys the shoes that I'm
about to sell I'm not doing it through
my website just because I had some
problems with it in the past and
sneakers so no more sneakers on my
website but if you have PayPal and
you're trying to cop I'll hook you up
great price don't even worry about it
some Cole Haan lunar is you got that
lunar bottom super comfy
size 10 I think I can't tell ya sighs
ten minutes and then I'm this is the
only shoe that I'm low-key kind of
disappointed that I have to get rid of
but they don't wear these at all so my
LeBrons 12 Grammy night inspired Nike
IDs all-star hundred thousand on the
inside damn I forgot it had that low-key
I don't want to sell it anymore
this one says QoP 2015 hundred thousand
it was like the shoe that I made in
honor of reaching 100,000 subscribers
but I'm gonna get rid of it just because
I don't wear them and I'm trying to just
keep my collection strictly to stuff I
wear next up another shoe that I kinda
didn't want to get rid of but they're
retro in next year so I'd rather just
pick up a new pair but size nine and a
half
oh the LeBrons are size nine and a half
these are size 9 and a half cherry
twelves super good condition I mean
there's only like a few flaws like right
here it's like a little crease it's like
a little cut right there but overall
great condition there's no inserts in
here so you have to put your own inserts
but give me up a good price you know I'm
saying dream crew family I'll take care
of you and then these I bought these but
they're our size too small these are a
size 10 in men's size 11 in half in
women's Flyknit Oreos never worn dead
stock
I'll give this all honestly I'll sell
these for retail so if anybody wants
these for retail plus shipping I'll hook
you guys up I'm not gonna make you pay
resale which is like 200 I'll make you
pay I'll just give it to you guys for
what I paid 150
those so those are the three sneakers
I'm selling I'll let your boy on Twitter
if you have PayPal if you don't have
PayPal please don't hit me up because if
it ain't PayPal I'm not trying to get
screwed over again like cheers to that
Oh cheers to that man oh yeah and then
these so as you guys know let me move my
phone I got these autographed Kobe Pease
they are size 14 these were made for
Kobe himself and I'm on the edge right
now of selling these because I don't
know man I don't know they're just
sitting here and I'm a big Kobe fan but
obviously these Kobe's weight mean way
more to me because they're not even
Kobe's they're her achi 2k fives but
these mean way more to me because these
are when I actually met him and he
autographed them for me these ones right
here are just ones that I got from a
homie from another homie and yeah
they're autographed by Kobe both of them
are signed dual signs so I know this is
a ridiculous pickup but if anybody's
interested honestly I'll sell it to you
guys for what I paid and I'm not gonna
say how much I pay right now so hit me
up on Twitter if you guys are interested
for this so yeah it's a really dope kobe
collector's item so oh look at that fire
rack though alright let's cover this so
I like to cover just because it leaves
them as though the bicester II of what's
under you know I'm saying so I had no
Lakers flag is not included okay what's
up fam we're about to go to the gym bad
stop at the bank first actually and then
I don't know if you guys know this but I
am executive member at Costco so I'm
gonna stop by Costco and get some new
underwear oh man great workout y'all
great workout round of applause thanks
thank you but you I see you but I go to
Costco now take advantage of the gas
take advantage of their underwear to get
better I'm not gonna heat does they have
you know they might have salad I mess I
might mess with their salad as tempting
as it is going to be to see their pizza
on that menu I can do it baby
cost goes like a huge Playgirl yeah
low-key I want to buy one of these
what's up fam I even Pam reminds me of
Harriet so I can cut it with it all
night and pretend the terrace damn y'all
y'all gonna be amazed y'all gonna be
camping out a Costco tomorrow morning
when you guys see what they just
restocked on they got the EZ boost what
are those addition Wow hi
you see that that boost technology in
there it's just amazing you got the
honestly these really look like easy
laces low key brown you got the pull tab
on there definitely my grandpa will be
camping out tomorrow for these all right
guys you know when you go into a store
and you don't get a cart then you end up
needing one and then you find an empty
one
oh is this his I'm about to jack this
cart right here I don't know whose it is
put it down leave the scene fleet assume
leave the scene we the scene it wasn't
ours now you got to hide the product
that was in there all right we're good
to go we did it guys that was
nerve-racking down all of a sudden
warriors at Costco Costco about to show
you guys what I picked up first of all
we got the Costco Kirkland is this
Kirkland they didn't have all-black I
was pissed but I got black blue and baby
blue please don't hit me woman
I got blackberries you know I love my
oatmeal with some blackberries but I
also love my oatmeal with some
strawberry shout-out to Harris and then
we got one salad for tomorrow all day
lunch and dinner probably probably not
probably get some chicken or something
and then we got today's dinner which is
a nice Caesar salad with tomatoes and
croutons so we own it all right gotta go
put this card away that I stole we are
taking advantage of that Costco gasoline
but the struggle is real for homeboy
right here he had to put the palm over
he's burning right now what up guys
currently it's 1:30 a.m. a world champ
is back you know what's funny is people
think that I don't deserve this title
you know what I'm saying like I'm the
world heavyweight champion I deserve
this title anyway it's been a good month
and a half and Harris is not caught it's
been a good month and a half and Harris
has yet to take advantage of his rematch
just know I'm ready for your young man
anyway I want to give a big shout out to
somebody who wrote when we took my title
back cuz you know it's so heavy with all
its gold that stresses my shoulders and
I got a letter in my peel box from one
of the homies and I definitely got a you
know shot him out because the letter he
wrote he was amazing
a big thank you to Eric I know Eric
Ramirez as Erick Ramirez big thank you
man your letter was amazing I'm not
gonna read it on here because I feel
like it's just a personal connection
between me and you so thank you for this
man I really do appreciate it hope
you're watching this hope you get to see
this and I want to shout you out and say
that I'm really proud to have you in the
crew
and I want to say that there's a lot of
people like you so I want to shout out
everyone that is like my homie Derek for
just being an amazing support system for
the dream crew and for everything I do
and that's why I do it is for you guys
so thank you I love you guys has been
thank you so much and anytime you guys
write me like that it means a million to
me I don't ask for gift gifts and the
peal box
I don't ask things like that man just a
few kind words is always puts a smile on
my face so thank you how as you guys can
tell - I got rid of the beard so that's
that's something else
this is basically just a little hang out
with you guys that I'm having another
cool thing that I'm gonna have on crew
kicks it will probably be once like
every two weeks or something like that
but it's gonna be me Google Plus in with
like the crew and we're just gonna talk
about different sneaker topics and
things like that so that's another thing
you guys can definitely you know
hopefully look forward to tripped over
my laptop so I went shopping yesterday
even though it's like 100 degrees over
here in California I'm out here buying
winter clothes because as you guys know
me I'm a winter guy I love winter
outfits I got long-sleeve extended tee
long sleeves and things like that and
freaking sweat pants like what that's it
for today's vlog bench players talking
like starters I hated it started from
the bottom now we here we made it Tom
Ford Tuscan leather smelling like a
brick everything was the same but
nothing was the same at the same damn
time
goodbye people looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle
this is real life you'll know what I
feel like got a lot of voice
