you know how to dance the other freaked
out see what you guys moving away what
up guys it's a beautiful day a beautiful
day in the bay today's Monday happy
labor day well it's not labor day
anymore for you guys but tuesday for you
guys but it's monday for me pretty cool
it's my little cousins birthday so we're
having a little pool party so I'm about
the head there right now my cousin asked
me to pick up some pizza so it's pure
torture to be sitting next to two pizzas
right here because I'm on my diet but I
might have a slice i've been i've been
really bad this past weekend I had two
Chinese food I had some of my family
restaurant kebabs but I didn't have rice
so I guess I wasn't that bad it was just
beef and chicken and what I was I had
one other bad thing oh I had chipotle
but it was not I didn't get a free dog
got a pool so that wasn't that bad
either oh it probably is bad but Yolo
but we bout to go hard this week baby
because we have because we've been goin
hard man so we never art the diet never
stopped I just had some bumps on the
road but we back at it baby and yeah i'm
about to go spend some time with the
family have a good day take y'all along
the ride i got my gopro for the pool
with my little cousin so let's have a
good time
I'll you have another ball
oh wow whoa whoa there we go bro what's
up Adam osh got the fresh say no you
yeah don't let me give a fresh a
negative zero on the top who hired you
hi Zara did you have fun to me oh then
you're gonna go again you're not tired
only want somebody else pull their heads
off okay you got the red Octobers here
in something right the Red October
Easy's mojacar phone that's all y'all
look like you're enjoying that
strawberry
it's a prank fam it's a prank we just
got you there's a camera right there in
a tree nananana nobody nobody sofam
white guys so awkward freaking high
school what's going on tell us about
your high school life's how's it what
grade are you in here senior what about
you sophomore so for sure you've partied
I've already see I know about you what
about you where's the girls at college
parties in line like you meant to
college parties you got how many high
school girls you've been with nobody and
I mean high school dances are you you
know how to dance the other freak dance
what you guys moving away I figured peer
pressure I'm trying to explode you guys
come on I want to do people running all
about your high school for life alright
so what's your girlfriend's name
Oh boyfriend syd albright where's your
boyfriend oh there is thanks good how
long were you get how long have you guys
been dating around me are familiar faces
worn out places show them the hair back
all right you guys are a cute couple
thank you right what's your girlfriend's
day my girlfriend's name is um ariana
grande ariana grande okay my mom's house
Miley's earth yo by nobody all right so
these guys are not interesting at all so
we're not gonna talk to him anymore what
up guys so as you can see him back home
I look weird I don't know it's all I
meeting maybe cuz i got this band in my
hair but anyway about to call it a night
man water toast for the great a great
weekend a great three-day weekend
there's nothing in there I just want to
say man I had a great time with my
family I hope you guys had a great
weekend with your family if you spent it
with your family and I don't want to
rhyme along too much but I do want to
say that I'm really happy because we are
at eleven thousand subscribers on crew
cakes I'm sorry I keep talking about KU
cakes but guys I got a hype it up
because the first week is going to be
epicness man it could be the start to
something amazing so if you're not
already for the million time subscribe
to crew cakes I just went through a
whole bunch of BS trying to link the
accounts and whole bunch of YouTube
stuff but I finally got it all sorted
out and uh crew kicks is looking amazing
amazing right now other than that I need
to start working on this Sunday's video
so much going on for me honestly it's
it's uh overwhelming at this point
starting a third channel starting two
channels was hard enough starting at
third channels is going to be a third
channel is going to be crazy man but
like I said yesterday I'm up for the
challenge and it's just something that
I'm very very passionate about as you
guys can see right there so I feel like
I'm gonna give it my all and I know I'm
going to give it my all not feel I know
I'm gonna give it my all but I need
everyone's support man so I know a lot
of you guys have not subscribed because
you're not sneakerheads but it's going
to be more than sneakers its fashion and
all that good stuff so definitely at
least give it a try and roll with us man
other than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys enjoy the GoPro
footage um you guys have a great week
great tuesday and we will see you guys
tomorrow I anything else that's it no
we're out here looking as a friend they
don't see my vision pictures over change
but I failed my mission got the same
goal then feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear
