Yakima's the california Tracy California
whose wife I am I connected to here with
my phone just connects to random Wi-Fi
good whoa Wow hola what's up guys
welcome back to crew TV and welcome back
to this pimple on my for at yesterday's
vlog was so dope I liked it a lot hope
you guys liked it hope you enjoyed it
today is Sunday Monday for you guys you
right there you sitting on your butt or
standing up and on it I don't know what
I'm saying right now I just had to Foley
as you guys can tell I'm sitting outside
the Chipotle and I had a bowl no burrito
we had a bowl yesterday was my cheat day
today was like my half cheat day but I'm
gonna go hard this week
i'ma go hard a lot of people noticing a
little change in my physique you know
what I'm saying so it feels good getting
ready man is getting ready preparing to
be the world heavyweight champion
mm I can't stop wearing these like it's
like a my beaters like I'm sorry man
like I'm sorry I'm out playing them but
I'm sorry okay okay anyway let's see
where the day takes us shall we so I
just just home for a little bit didn't
really do anything and you know until
yesterday it had not hit me that crew
kicks is going to be a lot of work the
sneaker game is so like every day
there's something new happening and I
don't want to just upload random videos
I'm gonna also have a weekly show where
I just talk about the sneaker news and
sneakers that are coming out and it's
gonna be a lot of work but I'm ready for
the challenge
people were already doubting me because
of my past consistency para bum problems
but we'll see how it goes man no two
weeks away crew Cakes men
and I told Harris my idea for the intro
of Ruth cakes which is gonna be the
first video that's uploaded to the
channel which is September 20th and he
likes it so we're going to go ahead and
do that so you know the pieces are just
getting put together the puzzle is
almost finished crew kicks September
20th a lot of people said that they
didn't like the intro either but I like
it because it's not long we don't want
to drag on every video when it starts
you know I'm saying so MN food cake
September 20th subscribe if you haven't
already guys we got some other people in
here that don't know what they're gonna
say but I'm gonna put them in the vlog
with some how I was driving and he said
he's gonna prank me but he didn't do it
so you guys all want to punch the blogs
yeah appreciate you guys no we're not
you're part of it
I'm with Christ I don't appreciate you
thank you yeah keep new what you do
right yeah well I do for you
you're alright now there's other home
yet I'm the homie in the real yes sir
you are in the vlog right now honey and
subscribe
yeah alright so this is my cousin right
here and the goalie
that's my cousin Arvind right there
so the game ended hi right yeah
tie game yeah it was premier versus
trade you know go overtime it's like
it's still tournament play this one yes
of all what up y'all so we back home I'm
in my kitchen right now no we're not
doing another cooking with Kai sorry
guys um I was gonna say yeah man was I
gonna say man sometimes I just don't
know okay
sometimes I just don't know but crew
cake September 20th just kidding
crew kick September 20th give it a year
one year we are gonna accomplish things
that people did not expect five videos a
week Monday through Friday thank you I
got another submission for the sneaker
collection video I can't remember your
name off the top of my head I am so
sorry but I have it did a fantastic job
he's a young young kid and he has a fire
collection and like I said man if you
sent me your collection just be patient
man there's no deadline we're gonna get
to you we're gonna have a sneaker
collection video
every single week man crew kicks now
I'll admit I've been putting all my
focus onto crew kicks and I have not
filmed the main Channel video but I
finally decided that next Sunday's video
is going to be um oh there will be a new
video next Sunday and all I can say is
that this one has been requested but
we're doing a twist on it so it's not a
part - really it's its own video but it
is similar to another video I did and
all I can say is that it's not a diss
video so with that being said I think
it's time to end this vlog I know it was
super short you know sometimes there's
gonna be days when I don't do anything
there was a lot of editing in my life
today and then I just want to thank you
guys because I watch all these other
vloggers and they're getting on a daily
basis there's some people I don't I
don't I have not seen another youtuber
who gets the amount of views that I get
and still uploads tries to upload daily
like the way I do and the only reason
why I still do it is because I know that
you guys the real dream crew family
really does appreciate it and you guys
do enjoy it so I don't do it just for
the reason of growing I do it for the
reason of keeping the people that are
here every single day happy because
without you guys I wouldn't be in this
position so you know I do watch other
vlogs and things like that and they're
just getting like a hundred thousand to
even some youtubers are getting millions
of views every single day like
prankvsprank and like roman atwood they
get a million views every single vlog
and it's crazy and I'm just like damn
I'm only getting 20,000 to 30,000 views
after a few days but I'm like I don't
care because I'm still happy and I still
have my green crew family supporting me
and they enjoy the vlogs and people came
up to me at the soccer fields today
telling me they watch the daily vlogs
like people I know and it's just like
damn like it's weird that we're friends
but you know everything you know ten
times more about me than you know
that I know about you which is crazy so
like it's amazing man and this is crazy
and I just want to tell you guys thank
you guys for sticking with me and loving
my crew loving my dream cool family and
I'm gonna continue to do it for you guys
and the next few months you see a lot of
changes because I'm trying to change a
lot of things in my life obviously one
is my physique in my health by trying to
get back in shape and I think I'm doing
a pretty good job there's no more guys
you're getting fat comments but then
there's also no more crisis losing
weight comments which kind of sucks but
hey what's up I'm not doing it for the
views I'm doing it for myself and my
battery is about to die so it's probably
smart for me to end this before it shuts
off and what else do I want to say
before we end this um stay in school
kids and bitch I want my damn ATM card
that's the funniest thing in the world i
watch today's vlog like 50 times just to
rewatch that that wise here is a vault
vlogging part because it's so hilarious
and the funniest thing is i let it drag
on and it got hella quiet the second
time and then it just popped in there
and i keep dying at that so i'm a weird
human being if you guys didn't know I'm
gonna go edit this vlog it is currently
Sunday 11:53 p.m. wait is it 11:50 p.m.
ours this time wrong
it is 11:52 p.m. and I've got the house
to myself
it's a hidden-camera kitchen show right
now
it's a prank fam that's a y'all have a
good day have a good week have a great
start to the week it's Monday and my
birthday's coming up in two weeks
y'all just saw my netball and screenshot
that and tweet it to me um and I love
you guys alright I am currently in my
boxers
looking as a friend they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head wanna hear
