I had to keep it open for them that's a
nice gesture she was beautiful both of
them work that's how you don't get girls
numbers you guys check it you guys
haven't seen me on this thing in a
minute huh I've been trying to actually
walk and it's dead so it's about to die
any second now so when these things die
they just turn off without warning well
obviously it's warning me right now by
blinking but it just turns off and you
fall so if it's ever making that noise
and you don't know what you're doing get
off right away or else you might end up
falling but anyway welcome guys I hope
everyone's having a great Sunday it's
currently Saturday for me it's almost
5:00 p.m. I started today's vlog late
because I've been waiting for Harris all
day originally I was supposed to go to
him but he's coming to me and we're
going to the city and the video that we
were supposed to shoot
we aren't haven't fully thought it
through so we decided to hold it off and
yes that is a huge pimple on my face I
don't usually get pimples but for some
reason this guy decided to pop up out of
nowhere and hope that doesn't distract
you all vlog yeah just waiting for
Harris I think he's actually here so I'm
gonna go outside because it's freaking
hot right now
were those
extend it to boys the Goulet 17 hours to
the blog then go home extend the tea it
smell it
this is my mom well it doesn't okay yeah
and the random time you wanna see sure
enough guys are you fine
what's up a bit Oh Alexander Wang know
is hella hot inside Alexander Wang
Alexander way man II hope you messing
with the lace man we're so I get that's
why guys I trying to send pictures
alright guys so we're booking flights
right now for my birthday weekend but I
can't tell you guys we were where we are
going
Harris has never been there sucks never
been there I didn't hop in there oh is
it time for wise he was born vlogging
for two eyes Harris farting for tip
bitch I want my damn ATM card we just
change a stupid frickin killed and Jenna
thing I want my dad mr. Bruce I want my
damn ATM card so I got nursing your legs
before no yes I get legs you were the
best of all sure cap game strong Dan all
son councilman oh we can't stop trying
to have the all-star game there it's not
gonna happen I wish it would but Shaheen
on the comment I'm so sorry bro
I hope you know who commented he did it
and then he corrected himself he said oh
I just saw as I know you CV alright guys
but to give Harris his socks
here you go finish give you another one
later swagga
I'm giving you are we gonna do swags
birthday unboxing guys he got a birthday
present in the peel box and two cards
uh you already know man the Virginia
y'all better cop y'all forgot first dibs
hey we got first dibs first but you're
actually my brother-in-law and my sister
took one darn it he said oh thank you Oh
shattered I wish I had shattered stir
rod hair he's a nice row like this alone
I saw the picture of me posted it that
is like him right
yes you can see the carbon fiber squares
on there - oh yeah dude that's like that
dude from the hundreds yeah the wall Oh
sick I'm gonna idea Toby's a good match
real real galleries jibrael gallery wait
how'd you guys find out about real
gallery yeah but he watches the vlogs
and he sent it to him
he sent it to me says it says right here
here's the birthday was not too long ago
if he goes I'm saying even to that oh
I'm just
it says right here I'm changing my name
so I didn't I thought it was legally
already circuited offended legally in my
heart yeah well legally changed right
yeah Joan happy he loves Caitlyn Jenner
Meghan was it your ears you want to be
like her
where were we talking about the group
chat I don't remember that part about
that album oh yeah I said ah gee honey
Margie
why have you said you I said oh gee look
at him no one my automated I was gonna
get slot
okay hello hon let's focus it in shout
out to them
got it
yes LeBron's the red ones can't go wrong
can't go wrong love these going on the
wall on the wall right next to me thank
you guys we're gonna open the or give
them the birthday cards in the car
they're in the car right now so welcome
back ladies and gentlemen we have a
special segment in wiser blogging today
bitch I want my damn ATM card opening
heel box fan mail for swaggered Eddie
first one coming up that was a joint one
right both of our birthdays yeah you
talking about you right now like us
let's get a closer look at the thing of
the boy hey this next one coming up are
your kicks always Raging Bull fives
keychain Harris hey example bolt ice
he's like any chance he was hey thank
you so much I read this five acres out
of Russian read this to you but I
freaked out you clawed your hands and
ice was showing his new club
thank you out out thumbnail view Thank
You Claude
SFC boy is bambam bambam all right guys
you're gonna raise some hell in the city
right now we are about to of course we
gotta hit up Nike first we even decided
will Nike close that 8 p.m. here which
is freakin watch you would expect the
San Francisco location to be open later
but whatever you know we're about to go
and hit up that and I'm going to take
them finally the freaking most amazing
Chinese food place in the entire world
that I've been trying it I've taken them
once and it was close I took him another
time we were about to go and it was
closed so we didn't go but I made sure
it's open this time I'm rambling on too
much man this street is closed Sam do
you found dude do you Deadpool
yes sir shout out to all these guys hey
200 200 cases rapper's 100k on conceive
ish kinda chaotic booty become another
rule date date so we didn't get anything
from that O'Hara spot a sweater it was
cold so he threw it on he's getting
nipply I was I'm cool but I like it but
low on my nipples of your heart I kind
of want cheese cheese cake factory but I
got we got to get the Chinese sweet
cheesecake factory Oh
nah fam y'all gotta have this shit
awesome I can't need but I don't know
family changed it every day but no this
is amazingness though by changing some
co2
I don't care training program Chinese
food like 30-minute drives okay I want
to go here I'm not trippin but if
there's a way we could go right now but
we're going right now I'm hungry
you guys want to go see what the way it
is if there's no way that cheesecake
will get that but there probably is cuz
it's Saturday night and it's getting
dark wait I need a picture though I need
a picture fan so I get a good picture
yeah II know
to the fix
soccer C's own
obviously catfish
here's
anything for pot I don't know what kids
trying to do strap-on angles out here in
the seventh
bandana or when I'm with oh gosh
the man Oh Mike
let's go alright
so season approaching our parkour video
is going to be on YouTube later on this
week we just finished at the Golden Gate
Bridge and these guys are going to be in
it - we're going to have them you guys
gotta be in our parkour video so yeah
it's called hardcore parkour not to be
confused with other hardcore stuff
real simple like railing and that kind
of stuff the other one is beautiful
camera that's written right yeah touch
screen look at that look at the lighting
on that what's your guys names
David David and Justin this is my David
and Justin we're gonna link them up and
lock what's your name to be like yeah
crew TV with the Q check it out you guys
gonna be in it they're going to be in
the hardcore parkour don't get hurt I'm
a big fan of street meat okay so you one
more
and the awkward silence starts now it's
just like 100 meters away your sneakers
don't drop oh your anybody getting out
here
well that San Francisco for you guys who
don't know racial accompaniment
another lovely
okay send this my mom says my mom my mom
all right so it looks like a chest cake
factory didn't work out like we wanted
it to this is called jaywalking and
because none of those are weighing J's
dude has ever done with fuck em slowing
down do you guys ever wonder where that
camera is like in the elevators then we
send the elevator camp yeah it's like
always I'm like one of these like little
corners or something I would simply do
I'm gonna step up oh fuck shit close
open okay yeah okay I'm so sorry so I
knew they were coming so I had to keep
it open for them that's a nice gesture
she was beautiful both of them work
that's how you don't get girls numbers
you guys check it come on bro the car
seats in the back damn damn
so the beef and broccoli is here the
chicken the chicken chow mein the Harris
contacts because I'm so hungry right now
we're about to go in
screw my diet right now oh my god who
cares like a diet
weak little clips of the work everytime
cases are deities sign video delivered
all the trafficking and this is the
aftermath we full hey
maybe making love to it
what's a village you will match with me
you think you deserve a magic me welcome
sure th is nasty welcome to burrow Gump
show a new segment we have crew TV hope
you guys enjoyed that vlog we had a fun
day in San Francisco Fremont we just
kicked it hope you guys have fun hope
you guys enjoyed guys is about to knock
out
I got an hour-and-a-half drive home swag
hasn't heard half hour drive home those
30 minutes wait for me so I got a long
drive home hope you guys enjoyed hope
you guys tune until tomorrow hope you
guys tune in tomorrow and yeah I don't
know what we have in store for you
tomorrow I might not be here I may be
busy at work so another vlog of case
buying strawberries at a grocery store
and showing his nasty freaking waist
training thing full of his nasty little
sweat I didn't say anything until you
showed the sweat oh oh are you gonna
play some poison show my he's gonna play
that back hello um hope you guys enjoyed
hope see you guys soon real soon an hour
and a half drive removal it's gotta be
can be pretty fun I love you guys thank
you guys for all the love in the
comments I read every single comment Oh
given the mean ones to y'all mother oh
I'm just gonna live while you guys
eventine people you know the haters
either their hate is like yes if you
mean it's okay it happens I still love
you yeah hope you guys have a great
morning afternoon and night depending on
when you guys are watching this dream
crew do screw we out love you
do you like my tongue Oh looking as a
friend they don't see my vision pictures
over change but I stay on my mission got
the same goal then feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
wishes in my head wanna hear right
