I did right here's about to go off what
do you think about Harris so yesterday's
vlog was initially supposed to be 16
minutes long
but I uploaded it and it got flagged
because I had the new Travis Scott album
playing in the background of me talking
so they flagged it and I had to take it
down and read it it and reupload it and
I did upload the vlog and so it's
currently still actually uploading and
it's almost 2 o'clock so that's the
reason why yesterday's vlog was a little
bit delayed but I've been uploading the
vlogs around this time anyway so anyway
how's everyone doing welcome to another
day in my life
today is Friday Saturday for you guys
hope you guys are having a great weekend
but we are filming tomorrow I'm going to
Harris's house and he got the day off
we're gonna link up and we are going to
either make it's either gonna be
sneakerheads to be like part 4 or it's
gonna be another video in which I've
been really wanting to do so I'm gonna
I'm gonna talk to them and see which one
we want to do so
I might even try to prank one of them
we'll see you
probably can't do that anymore because I
just said him to trying to prank one of
them but I'm going to the mall because
like I was in my house all morning
editing and getting things ready and I
got I'm getting stuff ready for crew
kicks like I got the intro ready and I'm
going to show you guys later today I got
the intro every video for crew kicks
ready I'm trying to I'm trying to apply
in the the first video for crew kicks
which is going to be like a trailer to
the channel on on the Sunday premiere
that a September 20th and it's so crazy
man we're almost at 10,000 subscribers
on crew kicks and I haven't even
uploaded a video so if you guys have not
yet subscribed to my third channel crew
cakes go ahead and do it man let's try
to hit 10,000 subscribers before we
upload that for this video and let's
make history baby the first sneaker
channel to come through and have 10,000
subscribers without a single upload baby
you know it's funny man it's some people
comment on my videos and they say why do
you make these sneaker videos they're
not gonna take you anywhere I'm not
gonna say anything just remember
September 20th and then remember a year
from now
September 20th 2016 you're gonna see
what happens in one year
and then I'm gonna say I told you so it
really is a beautiful day out here in
California got my shorts my breads but I
can't wait for a fall winner because I
love wearing hoodies even my shorts
t-shirts or hoodies like I just love it
man and I just love the style and just
layering and all that good stuff so I
have a lot of stuff ready to wear in the
winter time so just know we wore ready
all right so I was buying some pants
from PacSun shout out to these people
for helping me he watches the vlogs you
know and I have this Bobby makaveli help
moving out here show him what you got on
with you wit your short let's see his
work shoes guys let's see Y kicks out
kicks and Z's hi man appreciate you man
yeah yeah the mall food was just
stressing me out like walking past my
addictions like Roetzel pretzels and
walking past freaking Sark ooh Japanese
teriyaki chicken and everything was just
killing me so I got my pants and I did
about these two pants I'll show you guys
when I get home from pack zone but
they're freaking fire and
yeah man but to go back to oh go back
home get a car wash because this cars
hasn't been washed in a minute my baby
hasn't been washed in a minute oh this
it doesn't look like that could see this
various things I don't know if I could
tell but but yeah I'm about to go home
stop at Target by the Travis Scott album
even though I have Apple music I want
the hard copy from my car and it's gonna
be like 9 bucks my Friday nights man I
don't every once in a while I'll hang
out you know do something fun but my
Friday nights have become just me like
plotting and editing and doing work man
because you know I'd end of the day
while everybody else is out there
editing and doing that I mean partying
and all stuff we put in at work man
there's a Drake line what does he say
I'm working and y'all out party into the
music that I'm making or something I
forgot I gotta hear this song I'm
slippin right now my mind is a million
places cuz it's so hot but anyway time
to go eat baby let's see where is it at
where is it at don't you open up that
way I'm gone I don't see that rodeo I'm
gonna be hella pissed okay where is
rodeo I'm trippin on now family if they
don't have it I'm gonna cry
breakdown so I asked employee they only
have the regular coffee they don't have
the deluxe I need the deluxe but anyway
I'm in the Star Wars section and they
got their whole thing like this is crazy
this is something Harris needs for sure
even though it looks like this is his
regular skin this hairy guy Halloween
this is a bunch of Halloween stuff a
bunch of apparel boxers shirts
a freaking bike what the hell this is
crazy
how big these wheels are start over
spike I have to get to these toys on
here inhale lift stuff and Harrison's
gonna be in heaven when he comes here
imma bring him tomorrow or he's probably
gonna come without me today you know
they just got random stuff like
rechargeable batteries this is dope as
hell dark Vador rechargeable batteries
fall in cases Harrison's gonna buy all
the cp3 oh he's gonna buy these
headphones these frickin USBs like just
random stuff I'm really thinking about
buying this the complete set all six
movies but 100 bucks so he kind of
expensive but they got crazy stuff man I
really want this one but they're sold
out obviously look everybody took these
the pop arts I really wanted if anybody
finds this one cp3 o or the 88 what is
this one bb-8 or the first stormtrooper
hot let your boy it would be a good
birthday gift just kidding
dude right here's about to go off what
do you think about Harris
and then I'm not even done looking at
all the stuff what is this salt and
pepper okay what is this kitchen timer
okay did oh my god
this is perfect for Harris of a sudden
my picture right now so we are back home
now and I'm gonna show you guys the new
crew kicked intro first off the old one
yes Duff Goldman so as you guys remember
if you guys remember 4qu cakes when it
was just a regular show on truTV
I used to use this
okay well out with the old in with the
new
simple I created this backdrop whenever
you guys see like these little screen
caps and things I've done the videos I
do it all myself you know I don't get
other people to do it I just feel like
if it's my video it should be my
creation all around so this is the new
intro super simple
that's it and I really love it this is
my outro that I've worked on this is
gonna be the simple outro whenever I
need it like I'm quickly editing and I
don't want to add thumbnails and things
like that so I just
yeah next level this is some Man of
Steel my playstation is that so that's
that and then also I got my first video
from the homie Joey he's gonna be
featured on once a week we're gonna do
my you guys are gonna be featured in on
the channel so once a week I'm gonna
have you guys show your collection I
already got the homie Joey you executed
it perfectly
he's a preview that's it
so basically he did it perfectly he had
a shoe set up nicely and then he just
showed it and the main thing I want from
you guys if I do tell you to create a
sneaker collection video is have someone
else film you or set up the camera and
film yourself showing your shoes I don't
want none of this
I don't want people to be like alright
guys so these are my this is this is my
this like I don't want you guys to do a
POV type of video I want you guys to
have the camera setup or have somebody
film you okay so I'm slowly reaching out
to the people who have GME I'm not doing
all that once guys I have over 300 DMS
that are people have sent me their
collection so stay patient there's no
deadline this is a weekly thing on going
on crew cakes forever so if I didn't
reply to your DM don't think I'm
ignoring you I'm gonna get to you okay
so yeah that's just that and
I think that's all I wanted to tell you
guys pretty much for now so uh yes sir
this guy right here this guy my friend
you keep asking about the 2015 YouTube
all-star game I've been trying to reply
to you you don't have a reply button
look this guy got a reply button you
don't have a reply button and I think
it's because your thing is on private
but my friend we are having it the 2015
YouTube all-star game is gonna happen
like it happens every year on my
birthday so stay tuned we are in blurry
mode right now
stay tuned man this is I'm finally
hitting a question
stay tuned good morning guys so today is
actually Saturday just woke up about to
get ready start my day we're going to
film today I'm going to Harris this
house yeah man just wanted to end the
vlog on a positive note instead of just
cutting it off hope everyone has a great
weekend hope everybody's doing amazing
right now you know put that smile on
your face man I just want to get you
guys to you know have a positive weekend
spend some time with the people you love
like I always tell you man don't waste
your time sitting on the couch you don't
know when it's their last day you don't
know any of that so take it a take
advantage of every moment God gives you
go out there work hard even if it's the
damn weekend work hard or just go spend
time and make memories because at the
end of the day you're not gonna remember
a weekend when you sat on your ass and
did nothing you're gonna remember a
weekend when you took your little cousin
to the movies who you never take
anywhere you're gonna remember that
weekend when you get up and you go with
your homies you're gonna remember the
weekend when you go have lunch with your
mom or your dad are you gonna remember
spending time with your brothers and
sisters do something that you normally
wouldn't do sorry everyone have a good
weekend
love you guys stay positive stay
energetic crew season world champ ound
des modeling our muscles so look at this
pimple - looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change
they'll my mission got the same goal the
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like that
