here we go alright guys so today's the
big day today's a big day you got the
whole squad and a whole squad we got a
whole squad roots back in town the
soon-to-be brother-in-law introducing
new characters to the crew all right
guys so right now we are in we're close
to like San Diego at this resort we
rented this room for the night it's the
engagement party I'm looking at my text
okay it's so lit right now like we're
getting ready we're almost ready to go
open the door Sean there's a limo over
here so on the other side it's on the
other side guys we got a limo to go to
the engagement
look at this hold on BAM got a limo to
get to the engagement we're like 30
minutes late but it's all good we're
about to head out right now people are
blowing up my phone but you know I still
got a vlog for you guys but for the most
of the night I cannot blog so I'm gonna
have my friends and my family take over
the vlogs for me so that will be
majority of the vlog but today is the
big day Mina's getting ready so I'll
show you I'll show you guys me know when
we get to the to the limo and yeah mocha
Congrats baby it's lit oh hey all right
you know shot to watch you on the on the
iron right now right it's time for you
boy to bust out of his shoes of the
night you know I'm saying unboxing alert
so I get danger show yourself hit danger
I picked these up a few days ago you
know I wanted to have something special
on my feet for the big day you know
shout this is like CJ so cool vibes
always getting them read wanna not my
first pair but my first pair of dress
shoes for the red bottom vibe you know
I'm saying some slight work leather on
the toe
some nice velour on the mid leather on
the back you know just a little slight
work trying to keep up with fruits
outfit you know gotta show the red
bottoms the cardi B it's blinding
I'll get the Redbox line but still
occasion reflection
I call these big dirt got the most
important thing say limo service is
ready for us we are about to head out we
are super super behind people are
probably waiting for us but you know
people always late to these parties so
guys look how gorgeous she is Dan
looking like a goin in
you know the ceremony's about to start
about to go in right now everyone's
quiet I'm waiting for me to this wisher
her outfit like pink on pink vibes now
all the homies here you know I'm saying
you know swaggy Diddy Omar vibe yeah we
cross on the court and we cross on the
dance floor here yeah it's hard today
I'm not hairspray - Gucci Gucci game so
we're about to go in but I need you guys
to take over for the rest of the night
okay so you guys I'll take a little
overs and then you know dance for
advisors you know saying even you you
got to take over everybody got to take
over for a little bit tonight throughout
the night so what's going on guys it's
your boy lies and today we're at cases
engagement he's getting ready right now
they brought a girl right now
what's going on y'all kikes was
currently dancing right now with his
fiancee and I just want to take a moment
to say so say something for Kairos
actually types of you're seeing this I
love you bro congratulations you deserve
the best you deserve the world bro I
could use ask you remember when you
first started you too bro you're hella
passionate about it and like I'm just
hearing like my heart hurts in my heart
like I start tearing up because like of
how much I respect you as a person how
much I respect you as a I guess
something more you're like I'm Idol to
me and I just love you bro like I want
to congratulate you owner congratulate
Mina
I'm happy that she's a part of our
family now that's a good thing I was
stuttering a lot because I like
everything it was super hard talking
because like this is something so
important to me to my family to Kai's to
meet herself to her family
yeah pretty much I just want to say like
kites congratulations bro I love you I
love Mena things like both of you I hope
you guys have a healthy and happy life
yeah all right Shawn
Mickey warrior checking in wearing a tie
for the first time in such a long time
but we got to do it one time for Chi
Savina congratulations I'm excited to be
here engagement I'm DJing and I don't DJ
often so this is a real treat and I
charge the charge we could have mounted
a DJ but now this is family I'm excited
to be here food was amazing I'm like
kind of in culture shock but I really
had some really good food and you know
you don't get these curves without a you
don't get these curves without eating
right so are eating a lot and case that
weight-loss challenge isn't over but I'm
excited to get this weight-loss
challenge going and for all the haters
out there I'm gonna let y'all know right
now
we're not losing weight to impress
nobody or losing weight because we want
to be healthier people and at the end of
the day we want to be good people and
I'm just rambling because there's so
many negative comments in this world and
you know to those that put that energy
in the world I wish you the best I wish
you the best day and
we're gonna keep on winning
and that's it I suck with this vlog this
is why I'll never blog but I appreciate
the opportunity see y'all later
we're gonna be DJing who's swag indeedy
taking over crisis vlog band we just
have food I'm stuff but all I gotta say
is guys I love you you're a real one and
I hope you are enjoying your night I
have to take the vlog over how to come
outside because I was too loud in there
but man you're a real one you've been
there since day one I've known you for a
long time and I hope nothing but the
best for you and Mina of course nothing
but the best and yeah I think they're
gonna start dancing so I'm off to go
back but I'll see you guys later
alright guys good night from the fam
what an amazing party what an amazing
time hope you guys are all footage from
everybody man we exhausted but huh we're
gonna have to party up and that wraps it
up crazy night yeah late night late
night now it's time to get ready for the
wedding
ha stay tuned
