ready Oh buckets okay Josh guys i just
got a package I believe my package is
here guys it's time to open this give me
a sec hey yeah thank you
look what we got here y'all this is a
big big box so I already know what this
is super excited to finally get these
and super excited for some of you guys
to have these in your life so let's go
ahead and get into it I need to do one
of these by the way so if anybody wants
to give me a birthday present I would
love a new uh forgot these are called
box cutter exacto knife there we go aw
crap there we go I need to bring back
opening boxes with Mexican music because
remember I used to do that but dunno
energy man too much Jim life right now
all right here we go y'all oh here we go
so here we go stuff but what was up
share your stuff why be featured on our
feet oh you already know what it is
Rock'em apparel alright so shout-out to
rock on my panel ladies and gentlemen I
present to you the first ever dream crew
sock wow I'm in love man they killed it
dude a big big shout out to Rock'em
apparel man y'all ready for this man you
are oh snap we got some extras shout out
Oh shout out to Rock'em apero throwing
in some extra socks for the homie man
damn it i don't even have shattered
backboards i need these and this is
Columbia's I believe I don't have
Columbia's either
it's all good though homo I like the
backboard when I Morocco's for sure oh
man this is crazy I got another extra o
another extra one man they be hooking it
up I didn't even order these ones man
shout out to Rock'em apparel check them
out man they got the best custom socks
in the game this is crazy man this is a
blessing man did you have my own sock
like what the hell okay so the people
that don't know like what's going on on
the stock obviously we got the dream
crew logo we got the new QoP logo on
there before it's at 07 I changed it to
qo p so the sock itself just has a whole
bunch of QP phrases that you can't fully
see but they're on they're like no
friends just family what else crew
season right here world World
Heavyweight Champion just friend friends
just family no friends just family day
I'm right there because you guys always
here say damn and it's just like all
over the sock so it's pretty cool you
got the rock them on there too and then
you can see the print is still in there
it's freaking sick 1 800 health air is
super satisfied with these and can wear
these with the Oreos
Oh 5k we're both Orioles a way where
that does it young these are the first
Oreos been not even where you guys think
about this which one do you guys like
more like you can make a what flynet
Oreo I like the new ones obviously
because it's more black but these are
like my running gym shoes so I beat them
up a lot which is crazy because people
like be selling these for ridiculous
amounts ourselves they complain about
the noise man and I'm sure how you guys
are wondering when and where can you
purchase the socks the first place you
guys are going to be able to purchase
them is going to be in person in
Washington DC we're going to be having a
live event we're going to be performing
at the Afghan arts and culture festival
we were there last the past two years
this is the third year that we're coming
again so October October fourth
washington DC more infos coming soon
like the address and all that stuff it's
going to be a free event from what I
know it's going to be a free event and
we're going to be selling the socks and
the cool thing about that is that we're
going to be able to autograph them for
you guys if you guys are coming out
there and I really don't want to
autograph the stock itself unless you
really want me to so I'll probably just
autograph the Rock'em thing and I'll
have a gold sharpie on me the whole time
so super excited and then after that we
might have a few other events that we're
going to sell them at but they will be
online in mid-october in mid-october
that's when we're going to finally sell
the socks online we'll have about ten
autographed ones that's it and then
we'll have all the other ones left over
from the event so don't it's good I know
it's like a month and a half away but
it's just that we're holding them for
the events first and then we're gonna
them online so stay tuned for that I'm
sorry that it's such a long wait but um
the event is the main priority I'm gonna
go cherish these socks a little more so
I'll talk to you guys in a minute all
right so I'm coming to my cousin's house
he's been out of he's an importunate the
past few weeks so I brought my own bread
because we're gonna make sandwiches and
I call a diet so i can only read bread I
shouldn't even be eating bread but
better safe than sorry hi hi Ava ah hi
what are you doing are you in your ball
pen are you a basketball player soccer
player let's see oh let's determine your
future soccer or basketball pick ok
tough to soda duck okay Laska what luck
fitzy basketball you stalker the duck
okay here we go babies making life
decisions right before us basketball air
ball let's try that again hailey open
festival pockets oh my god buckets
buckets buckets buckets knows
that who's this
there you ready Oh buckets but the
basketball it ma
bucket are you taking my phone how you
like technology let's go basketball
don't move it get the ball get the ball
yum play soccer let's see if your soccer
player big 12 oh ok this is the decision
right now we saw your basketball game we
saw your soccer game which sport do you
choose if you don't then nothing I have
cheddar I just need to slice it yeah
cheddar it's not family yeah she takes
the soccer ball final decision excuse me
how does it feel yeah I you can't eat
the mic ma'am you've chosen soccer as
your sport how does it feel what are
your goals in the coming season but
there's nothing in my hand we got Stewie
right here Stewie's in a condom style
video so it's a celebrity you know I'm
saying niggas are here trying to make
power moves there you go hey guys I got
some yogurt I kept it simple no candy is
just some fruit in there
you know I got a sweet tooth I uh I
gotta you know keep it on its balance
you know can't just cut sweets out my
life right away so even though I'm on
this diet gotta have a sweet was a while
cuz I gotta get your sweet once a while
I know it's been a while my mixtapes
coming real real soon in December so
just stay tuned stay tuned so I came to
dick's sporting goods but I need
something for the gym I just kind of
forgot what I needed but I know I needed
something so I've got to look around
till I remember what I needed cuz I was
initially gonna get this book weeks ago
but I went out of town so I said I don't
need it but now I need it all right so
let's go so I found what I needed it's
actually kind of girly but a waist
trimmer waist trimmer i was gonna say
waist trainer waist trimmer helps burn
fat and lose calories you just wrap it
around your waist while you do your
exercise and trying to get the gut gone
you know what I'm saying so I gotta do
what I gotta do man second stop on this
beautiful day you gotta calm man target
it's been a minute I hate to admit it
but uh targets clothing game low key
fell off like what is where minions now
like they used to have Batman last year
like come on now this is something
Harris would wear that too well this is
their Halloween costumes well they got
to oh my god sriracha please guys unless
this is your Halloween costume do not
buy this this is stupid so before I head
to the gym i'm reading the comments of
the Hat video and guys okay i made a
mistake the hat says love you don't need
to comment a million times saying that
if one person wrote it I got it it says
love you idiot if you don't know
then don't and give people the
wrong info dumbass afghani ok I thought
it said love cuz I asked someone but I
guess I was wrong damn beer looking
saucy right now I can't even lie
and I'm trying to avoid going into the
gym right now with disappeared game is
too sexy I stopped to hit this gym it's
time to break a sweat test out this
waist trainer i bought and get a pushing
man i've been talking for four minutes
already oh man great way great oh man
great workout guys I'm about to take
this waste thingy off and see all the
sweat on there oh I just feels wet it is
soaking look at this oh my God look
at this Wow how the hell am I gonna
watch this thing I feel like Harris is
gonna say something but you using that
is gonna be make fun of me or something
but whatever we need triple we never
trippin off you Harris k15 we are not
tripping off of you looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures over
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal then feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of wishes in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile
