welcome Crew TV family the champ is back
and today I'm not only the champion of
the world I'm the champion of snap backs
I'm gonna put this to the side for now
as you guys remember last week I told
you I would be doing a snapback
collection video for you guys I haven't
done it in a while and I thought it
would be pretty cool for me to share
with you guys just because people always
ask me like where did I cop that
snapback from that I wearing my vlogs
and things like that so let's go ahead
and start this video off by saying thank
you thank you big thank you to all my
snubs followers I have 26 thousand
followers on snubz if you guys don't
know what snupps is schnapps is an app
where you share your collections mainly
I post my sneakers on snubz but I stood
aside it you know what I don't collect
just sneakers I collect hats and a few
other things so from now on I'm gonna
start putting different things on my
stuff to count snupps is also very easy
to use it takes a few steps just to post
your item as you guys can see me doing
right now so if you guys want to check
out my hat collection on snupps go ahead
and do that
you have any questions I'll be able to
comment and communicate what you guys
tell you where I got the hat from
actually I'm not the only one who does
put other items on snupps you can check
out other people who have put their hat
collections and it's just a fun app to
like see what other people have and see
what other people's hobbies are and all
that good stuff definitely check out
snubs make sure you guys add me check
out my sneakers check out my hats and
you know what it would be interesting to
know what you guys want to see from my
other collections comment down below you
know I have a crazy soft collection I
also collect you're gonna think this is
cheesy but I collect Disney Vinylmations
maybe I can throw those on there alright
guys so let's go ahead and get into my
snapback collection I think it's only
right to start with what's on my head
right now and that is a simple let me
get closer for you guys
Anaheim Mighty Ducks hat so I'm not a
hockey fan I don't want you at all
I barely know anything about the teams
or anything like that but growing up
Mighty Ducks was like one of my favorite
movie and when I saw this snapback with
the logo on it
I'm getting this now the funny thing is
let me show you guys this patch because
it does have the 28th 20th anniversary
patch for the Anaheim Ducks so it's
pretty cool two Michelin s but the funny
thing is that I actually wore this hat
to a Lakers game at the Staples Center
and people coming up to me in there
looks like boom and this is Kings
territory I'm like I thought they were
talking about Sacramento Kings but
really they were talking about LA Kings
the hockey team and then finally one of
the security guards don't come in here
with that hat
this is Kings territory and I was just
like Oh makes sense let's go ahead and
get to the ones that we have here first
off another favorite if not my favorite
hat the top season ovo hat I got this
from the Oviedo store the online shop
over here we got the ovo iolanda you
know reps of Drake on the back you got
the almighty region on there and I added
the little ovo pin on there just for
some extra little flair so next up you
know I was born and raised here in the
Bay Area it's only right to celebrate
when your home team we've been
struggling for the past eight nine ten
years has finally made it to the top of
the mountain so definitely this was a
must cop Golden State Warriors
championship hat 2015 world champions
baby you got the trophy on the side as
you can see it went with like a
heathered body on here
white and black snaps on the back
usually I don't like hats that have
under brim designs but this one is cool
because it's the NBA Finals am i doing
it the right way yet they got the NBA
Finals like wooden floor and they have
the confetti like they just won but the
funny thing is that they didn't even put
NBA Finals on the floor of the auricle I
don't I don't know if they did it in
Cleveland but they didn't do it in at
Oracle but the thing about this hat and
Harris pointed this out to me is they
were so smart they made a generic NBA
championship hat and then they just
threw on a warrior's logo on there so
say if this was the Spurs that went to
the finals they would they would have
produced this hat but they would have
just threw on the Spurs logo
so they never made Cleveland once they
never shipped them anywhere good job
adidas next up I don't wear this one too
often anymore but when I did get this
originally I was wearing it like every
single day a basic black Nike SB hat
kind of dirty
whatever the cool thing about this one
is when you wear it his brim is really
flexible so it like cups so it comes
kind of like a baseball cap and then it
has like it's not a trucker hat but it
has little holes in it you guys can see
that so it's kind of breathable pretty
cool probably the only Nike hat I have
just because I don't like the way Nike
usually makes their hats fit except this
one so next up a lot of people actually
ask me about this hat this is actually
my friends brand shabazz a Siddiq he
made his own clothing line and this is
one of his hats House of SNA I'm not
going to try to pronounce the real
meaning of the real pronounced nation
pronunciation of as you guys can see I
my grammar and my talking is horrible
but I'm not even gonna try to pronounce
it because I will say completely wrong
but I just called the house of SNA and
this is a dope simple hat you know not
too much going on quality is amazing on
here I really like this snapback because
you got the double snaps on there it's
not just a one stamp on all along you
got the double on there as you guys can
see House of SNA calm if you want to cop
this hat next up another friend of mine
a couple friends of mine over at five
pillars they're always hooking me up
they're always giving me dope dope
shirts and dope things like that and for
the first time they came out with some
baseball caps and a lot of people are on
the edge about rocking this color but
let me tell you guys if you rock this
color with confidence you can pull it
off not to be copied but the way I did
BAM five pillars baseball cap I call it
salmon because it reminds me of the
salmon colors - push it push it I wore
at the VMAs when Kanye perform run away
for the first time and a lot of people
wondering what the Arabic riding says I
believe this one says patience so I
really like it because I believe Paige
is the key to everything it's the key to
success working hard being patient and
all that good stuff so I really like
this one you know you got the five
pillars written out there with a nice
little gold been rocking it a lot lately
if you guys follow me on my IG and my
daily vlogs you see me rock this a lot
so shouts out the five pillars check
them out five pillars Co if you guys
want to cop his hat they also have four
other colorways I have a purple one too
but I think my somebody in my house
stole it because I can't find it next up
um a dope dope dope collaboration hat I
was lucky enough to get this because it
sold out like five minutes after I
bought it online it is the Toronto
Raptors alongside o vo strap back
correction not a snapback it is a strap
back gold ovo logo the Toronto Raptors
old-school dinosaur t-rex logo with the
gold Raptors logo so they did a crazy
job they released a whole a whole
collection and I was able to get the Hat
that I really wanted any ovios like my
favorite and I always get them in black
because then I can wear them with
anything so I was happy to get this one
this one is a little pricey it was it
was sixty bucks plus shipping so I paid
almost close to 80 bucks I believe for
this hat and that's the highest I've
ever that's the most I ever paid for a
hat which is crazy I think but I'm
definitely really happy to have this one
in my collection as well next up you
know got a shout out my voice again of
people right out and filth with their
custom 5 panel I don't have any 5 panels
actually except this one so shout out to
own filth you got the leather patch with
the engraved on the filth logo on there
5 panel you got the leather strap with
the own filth written on the top and
then on the inside you got the own filth
written too so details are crazy on this
ode Phil com2 check it out and yeah
really love this my only 5 panel and
probably will be the only 5 fine lines
of rock next up this brand sent me this
hat
shoutout to cousin a death super-simple
they got the rope
there I don't have any snap backs with
that rope except this one and then their
logo right there good quality hat
shout-out to cousin a death check them
out as well this past year's NBA
all-star game was in Brooklyn New York
no it was in Madison Square Garden and
then a few games I believe the rookie
game and the dunk contest were at the
Barclays center I was at a flight club
in New York City and I saw this hat and
I'm like black hat I'm not a nets fan
but it represents me coming out here for
the all-star game and I had to get the
NBA all-star weekend hat my favorite
thing about the Hat is that they got the
all-star weekend a subway system logo on
there with the 2015 Brooklyn's - New
York front Brooklyn Nets logo side
all-star Star logo great hat that I like
to wear hats that also have meaning that
I'm able to cop from different cities
and things like I go to so it was cool
because I was there for all-star weekend
and I lived to get this hat so I got
this hat because it was um it's weird
like it is so weird like I can scrunch
it up like this even the brim and then
it just goes back to normal it is a
diamond supply hat the brim is super
flexible which is good and bad so you
can wear it like a baseball cap you can
wear it like a regular snapback you can
do anything with it wear it in the gym
it's super flexible it's like made out
of spandex pretty much diamond snaps
that they have on all the snap bags
right there diamond hats cost like 40
bucks
I believe this one was like 20 bucks so
super cool I don't usually wear hats to
gym but if I did I would wear this one
just cause it's spandex material next up
um this hat is actually custom made by
one of my homies JP customs old-school
San Francisco warriors logo snakeskin
brim Oh fire make skin strap on there
get a good look at that with the
Mitchell nough slow go jerry west logo
and bam that debt this is just a dope
hat to me i love rocking this hats like
this with like the snakeskin and all
that usually go from like 150 to like
$500 like bit just on ones and things
like that but my homie made it himself
so big shout out to JP customs next up
we have a red hat which is kind of the
only colored hat I really have besides
the pink five pillars one I got this hat
from the Drake first little wing tour
earlier was it this year or last year I
think it was this year I can't remember
but it was a great first little wing
tour I knew they were going to have this
hat and I was dying for it and finally
when I went into the arena this is the
first place I ran was to the concession
stand and I had to buy it because the
tour itself was sponsored by capcom
because they had the whole versus theme
going so we got the ovo capcom basically
collab hat you got the ovo logo wearing
that like Street Fighter bandana I
forgot the main character's name foot
he's wearing the little headband which
is freaking dopest crap super dope hat
super bright I don't wear this one that
much but after we looking at it I'm
definitely gonna be what rocking this a
little bit more yeah this hat was like
40 bucks at the show but I think it was
worth every penny because this hat is
only available there ovo as you guys
know I got a lot of ovo hats and
speaking of ovo hats I also got this the
same night from the show another $40 ovo
hat the red ovo owl hat Oh blurring out
doesn't want to show can't go wrong
black ovo owl green brim October is very
own on the inside and I actually I
actually I actually don't wear this hat
anymore because it's deforming like it
looks retarded on my head which I'm kind
of pissed about but next up you know oh
that is last because I have a double up
I have a second NBA championship 2015
Warriors hat
I'm just keeping this one just to have
an extra so yeah I'm not giving it away
calm down people last and final hat I
did not do this on purpose as someone
who's really into hats and fashion and
things like that even though it's like I
know it's kind of easy to do but it's
just really it means a lot to be able to
put my own logo and may create my own
stuff and create my own brand things
like that so when I was able to make my
own
I was really happy and these are only
made about I think I mean how many of
these dirty hats I only made 30 hats
they sold out basically instantly when I
put them online and I'm really happy to
wait I'm supposed to have two of these
oh this is the oh the one that is my hat
is in my car but this is the sample
version that has an error on it but I
still show you guys basically my
emotional talk just got ruined by all
that but anyway this is the first ever
snapback I made for my dream crew family
I made about 30 of them like I said and
this is the sample one like I said so
you can see that they are missing a and
dream crew so QR e w the W is missing on
that one so this is just the sample one
that's an error and I did the O seven
the O 7 represents the year that I
started making YouTube videos and it's
the reason why you guys are watching
this and the reason why I'm here well I
make more dream crew hats I have a few
designs that I'm working on but nothing
official yet so stay tuned for that I am
happy to tell you guys that that was my
hat collection now it's not 50 million
it's not a thousand it's not a hundred I
believe it's less than 20 but that was
my snapback collection video again if
you guys want to look at my picture more
pictures of my collection and all that
stuff stuff head to my snubs account
where you can check it out you can check
on my sneaker collection as well comment
on my picture and just tell me to check
out yours and I'll definitely check out
some of you guys as a sneaker and hat
collections as well maybe I'll like them
drop a comment maybe even follow back
description for the link to download
direct link you ain't got to go to the
App Store and all that stuff you just
click the link down below and it will
take you directly there the Hat champ is
here the champ is always here thank you
for watching you guys have a blessed day
have a great weekend dream crew family
wrap-up good bye looking at the frame
down seeing my vision pictures over
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal then feeling what I'm doing
but I'm
coming from a different angle this is
real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my
