uh mrs. real five I hate it so no the
champ is back home
anyway guys welcome to another day in my
life currently about to start shooting
this hat collection video that I
promised you it will be up on Thursday
so it will be up tomorrow on crew TV as
you can see I'm breaking in the new
backdrop with the poster that I'm
supposed to give away the Joker one a
lot of you guys have been asking where
is the poster giveaway why did you hang
up the poster that you were supposed to
give to us that's not the one that I was
supposed to give to you guys that is
mine Harris has the one that he were
supposed to give to you guys so let's
give it away right now shall we here's a
three-step rules of how to win the Joker
poster ok first rule you got to be
following me on instagram and you got to
be following the guy that made this
artwork Vartan underscore arts so it's
VAR EA n underscore arts but you will be
able to find his direct link to his
Instagram through my Instagram because
rule number two all you have to do in
the picture don't comment hey pick me as
the winner I really like the poster all
you have to do is tag five friends you
tagged the five friends and that gets
you entered into the contest rule number
three sit back relax we're going to pick
a winner next week live on crew TV and
the winner will receive their free
poster will ship it to them and that's
how it's going to happen we're going to
pick randomly there you go Harris is
also going to be doing a giveaway to he
has another one so we have two posters
to give away but this is for the 1i have
his will be given away on his Instagram
either later I don't know whenever he
decides to do it but that's that I took
the brief abused i was back ten dribbles
what up guys so having with withdraws
from LA one of the funnest weekend's and
a wild man is having the whole crew
together it's like family it's like
brothers it's like we don't we don't
even spend the day apartment we just
come back together we click man you know
it's hard to get everyone together
especially you know everybody got school
and work and grinding it out and man
it's just an amazing feeling to to be
able to get together and just create
memories that will last a lifetime and
eat what's even more special to me is
being able to put it on the internet for
you guys to enjoy hopefully we will get
together soon my birthday is all in
September 21st so I'm trying to convince
everyone to come out for my birthday to
the bay area so we can have a little fun
in the city sorry to get soft and evil
and you guys but you know
important things than money in and all
that that stuff you know money makes a
survive but at the end of the day the
smiles and the memories are what keep us
happy and that's that's real money to be
anyway I'm dead I just went to my second
day in a row of bootcamp workouts I just
know that this boot camp is kicking my
butt and it feels great and I am dead
but we are here and we are pushing baby
because if I want to be the world
heavyweight champion and I got a I got a
you know I got to get on the level
levels are you know let's go second Jim
runner today but to hit the city sport
club up I'm gonna do some light cardio
and basketball just break a sweat you
know hit the sauna and I just want to
say that yesterday's vlog you guys last
time I checked you guys got 4,000 likes
if you got into 10,000 likes I would
uploaded that unedited version but y'all
barely halfway there from what i seen
you know it could change overnight from
my European followers who haven't seen
it yet so we'll find out so happy we
don't want to upload it all right guys
we've gotta call it a night my hair's a
little poofy right now since this vlog
is super short I'm gonna put Harris and
Jamie's 10-minute conversation for you
guys from it was supposed to be in
yesterday's vlog but I cut it short
because they be talking for way too long
man and yeah I hope you guys enjoy shout
out to JME shout out the Harris hope you
guys have a great day but to go knock
out and I will see you guys tomorrow ok
yo sup boy boys boys and girls welcome
to another edition of why is Harris
vlogging
bitch I want my damn ATM card and this
episode white hairs locking we've got
I'm gonna turn this bad boy download
yourself and hear me one time for the
one time this episode of wise hair is
vlogging is brought to you in part by
five pillars CEO go check them out check
out the IG SC some sure for coming send
me some stuff yeah you know five pillars
boys got that dope stuff so this vlog is
sponsored by this is a special edition
of why is this segment called wise hair
is vlogging when Harris vlogs is called
yes why is it annoying yeah so I
sponsored by five pillars check them out
and here we go today on this episode I
got my boy young Jaime AKA young Jamie
aka YG o YJ whatever you want to spell
it it doesn't matter you know the boy
Jamie and yeah so basically i'm gonna
throw Jamie in the hot seat right now
I'm gonna shoot him maybe 10 11 12
questions I don't know I'm just gonna
keep going i'm gonna put a minute on the
clock we might go over it's okay don't
have some fun we have some time to kill
so here we go i'm just gonna go rapping
questions and let's see how it goes all
right dang I wish you guys come to Mesa
person or we can tweet and weigh like 5
minutes can really get
look at another time hi here we go this
guy's gotta go through all this bill
babe all right here we go first question
favorite pair of jordans blush and
please favorite actress oh fuck all
right got it white girl yeah baby uh
favorite actor oh fuck I've been to
watch the one pasta 1s ago um favorite
type of food one word that describes sky
so mark she I think I was the same dream
of the more like ambitions ambitions
ambitions of a rider one word that
describes my hip Oh campus i tested one
word that describes swagga did he oh I
would say jelly bean cuz it's hard on
the outside soft on the inside hey all
right one word that describes yeah
here's oh very lovable okay let's just
get some other questions in our muscle
keep going sure he come yeah you better
not hang out beep your way I whip your
hair boy but what is the Emmys I don't
know okay I next question that's
question so Raymond funk
kendall jenner or Caitlyn Jenner Oh
mother Kendall or Kylie she's legal oh
yea rather i get i like dating Barbies
too okay I'm my mama if you had to date
one dude from the crew hashtag no homo
who would it be hurt on the job okay um
favorite movie of all time thank you my
20 there's a new bromance come down
let's see um if if someone can play any
actor in Hollywood right now can play
Kaissa Omar in his life movie who would
it be Jerry Ferrara which is off turtle
from Entourage
oh it's a good one I think if one actor
can play swagger daddy in his life movie
who would it be we're on the golden
wings cast hobbits no shit oh and all
right one person can play me in my life
movie I think hmm oh what a beauty oh
yeah pesto they're funny guy so I take
that as a huge compliment all right guys
I'm gonna wrap that session up of a hot
seat with young Jaime tune in next time
assume is gonna be in the hot seat all
for you i'm eating oh shit okay here we
go the next episode of the hot seat is
about 5.0 sir lingsha party my wrist
right now faster million official take
this shit who the bathroom oh ok any
special guest is cursed all right here
we go rapid looking favorite patient
maple donut favorite feature on a song
Thank You somebody was featured a guy
like shit that was what ya years old I
mean just going if it was back in high
school like anything Akon RT pain jumped
on really if it's now now it's probably
trick up soon yeah Drake drink of course
here but no questions but what song
first touch but i love i love those
songs where it's like 67 of like my kind
of drake eminem like forever yeah
forever what else you got you got a
motion my way was a fire one this long
by itself was good but when Drake did
his my way little remix on it killer all
right
fredward
favorite t-shirt of all time wait what
sure you have us from the kids analogy
like damn that sure was fires fun
okay my way I think it's gonna be the
sure I had think my sophomore junior no
no no seventh or eighth grade and it was
my team on my phenomena might be one of
my first nike shirts and it's a nike
basketball it was white and it said nike
basketball in red and like block letters
old silver on the on the rest of us was
I kind of popping out like 3d does my
favorite shirt I wore that like as much
as I could until you know to keep
watching it like after a really long
time it starts getting holes and stuff
from the dryer or whatever so I started
like ripping it up I still worried and
now then we're at the beverly center
right now and there was a sure that what
has that same exact things on in ripped
and it was ripped oh ok I see you fam in
the Corvette it was it was ripped and it
feels like seven hundred dollars so i
was just fuck all right favorite ad lib
on a song of all time ad-lib like it
never hard boy shoo shoo shoo
mrs. real five actually I hate it so
another boy for Rick Ross 00 who else
who will one last one I will ask
questions
if you can't hit if you have a red
button in the blue button you click the
red button automatic a million dollars
and then the blue button you can either
win
a hundred million dollars work method
which impressed
one hundred million dollars on the blue
and it's 5050 and the red one is
guarantee one mil guarantee one meal I
like to play it safe I don't gamble I've
yeah I have never gambled my life
scratches ain't like that so yeah but
hypothetically speaking if i can get a
million dollars to the press of a button
and it's guaranteed i'll take it I'll
help out my family how about my brothers
everything you know that's kind of tough
to me how about my driving your family
on a 50-50 gamble right yeah you can
have a hundred million or you can have
zero but on the other hand you can have
a milli or a milli so if you can cut it
down to 5050 odds on that were like you
click it you know you're guaranteed that
one meal why I just invested in some of
them go if you like these will bring
every hat you have the chance to press
the button
and this button destroys one model of
LeBron look what to say let's go random
shit so what is my least favorite of
Rahman no yeah no yeah basically what
model wouldn't even he liked that one
models okay
and I'll doing for the Jordan from my 13
my least favorite three so your dreams
go fir trees down for everything yeah
they're pretty booty ok but like it's
just so nice to rocky because it's not a
talk show you see before i like the
floor for Star Wars maybe top three or
four I'll is different I like three
couples into freebo's on here
online for you all enjoy oglu 7 i'll top
seven five six seven or eight for me you
looked over the sixers so i don't like
it
yes except right for me one work
that describes and life right here
were they strengthen my friend now guard
camp is all about fucking 10 minutes
already ok uh uh here we go over it's
gonna be full of stressful stress for
the 821 626 stressful at age 26 huh
can't really tell but a few too little
bit gray hairs over there I just shows
I'm grown it happens over time all right
guys I'm gonna sign out right now we'll
catch you guys at home if we're gonna
rip right now right now you were right
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I still
my mission got the same goal then
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wish
