oh good morning guys
so I have to wear of man-bun this whole
walk but look up at the bed together
why'd you miss me haha whose and this F
this is when hey hey hey like it like
what do you think blue anything you have
anything
oh yeah I do that good what do you when
you wake up where do you wake up the
next morning and you think you have a
body but it's really not one so low-key
I woke up less in the middle of the
night I looked over I'm like the ham so
I got a baddie in the bed we don't end
it what you guys yeah I like it
no he does everybody in a bed I saw I
lost the bed so I gotta have the man but
in here is just missing a knife hairs
grow I don't know I think the bed is in
the car you had a crazy dream last night
oh alright but it's our last day in LA
even though we got here yesterday we had
a really fun time last night my battery
died so I wasn't able to finish the vlog
yesterday just kind of cut off but we
have a good day before we leave we got
the full day to mess around Paulie go
get some food right now go shower up
check out we gotta check on 30 minutes
and yeah we'll take you guys along the
ride so any heights
I don't do write about you my life is
roller coaster day so guys so we were
but we in the lobby right now waiting
for our car to come and the homie came
up to us what's up man some actresses in
reppin season
so we're kidnapping yg and his man
button we're going back to the bay right
now meeting me Anna
hi guys yeah meet-and-greet at two
minutes and two minutes at the pier 39
39 right by the seagulls Sam 369 here 69
yeah catches there and you know someone
says so say where the Chris Brown and
Tiger who mean you I don't know is a fan
of a fan part 3 the hoos a 3-0 I've hit
a few girls in my day so um I don't know
do you date younger women because then
you could be Tigers highly generous but
okay I'll be Chris Brown now me I want
to because we're fine I'll be tell no I
know how you got a girl like that I'm
old Tirol chains
yeah oh yeah tacky - uh we're going to
eat in Westwood right now I don't know
what I'm with the type of what I'm in
for but technically I'm not supposed to
have another cheat day but why these
guys always been funny when I talk about
diet when you're on vacation with this
baby
I look at this traveler row this what
I've learned I tell myself all the time
when I'm on vacation whatever on
vacation no matter what there's no like
look like you can try I tried my hardest
eld but you're left with no options but
I come to LA so much that it's not even
a vacation like you just got at your
table saying all of a sudden was all I
know is that last night I fell asleep on
the balcony and I woke up with a
cheeseburger in my hand and I could not
refuse that and it was the best burger I
like a lot of us - who put the
cheeseburger in my hand but it was there
I kept the radio oh my god guys there's
two versions of these vlogs that you're
watching us record and one of them's
unedited and I if this vlog gets 10,000
likes I'll really post the unedited
right but it's so bad that I have to
keep the likes hella high that I know
it's not going to reach that unless
y'all really really really want to see
it so here we go
oh my god you're gonna hurt someone fam
alright guys I'm about to teleport to
the future see ya so we are currently at
Nike town Los Angeles what's up with the
vibes today guys it's kind of down right
now
in the arms
guys messed around these Oreo racers
right now all of a sudden I need a
shout-out to the blood
some people come to Nike BAM hold on
hold on hold on famish put the perfect
hair exclusive get get the back at the
back one time then raccoonboys
raccattack coon right my new favorite
animal
oh sure hold on a second we come in
tonight Guillen what are those
have you ever been tonight you wouldn't
shut down bro have you ever been tonight
you wanna shut down bro
one word to describe everyone's weekend
watching enthusiastic guys happy
Paris frustrated she was resting I was a
cop cop was blogging by myself right now
and
probably really weird like certain
youtubers have that look I don't so
popular thing I'm sending it's like my
family like India or something
I'm not Indian I am half-pakistani happy
and paying for parking right now and
move ran into a young Jaime yo sup boys
boys boys and girls welcome to another
edition of why is Harris vlogging bitch
I want my damn ATM card this episode of
wise Harris vlog is brought to you in
part by five pillars CEO go check them
out check IG I'm sure for coming Center
I made some stuff and here we go today
on this episode I got my boy young Jaime
aka young Jamie aka yg or YJ whatever
you want to spell it it doesn't matter
you know the boy Jamie and um yeah so
basically I'm gonna throw Jamie in the
hot seat right now alright here we go
first question favorite pair of Jordans
blessing 3 favorite actress oh fuck
I saw her so handsome I like got it
white girl uh favorite actor oh ha I've
been to watch the one Austin personal
favorite type of food one word that
describes Chi so mark she nothing
I also say dream of the world ambitions
ambitions one word that describes so I
could Diddy oh I would say jelly bean
because it's hard on the outside soft on
the inside
hey one word that describes yeah here's
oh very lovable sorry what do you think
Jamie and Harris are talking about in
the other car
kendall Jenner or Caitlyn Jenner Oh
mother Kendall or Kylie she's legal oh
yeah brother I get I like dating Barbies
- I think they're talking about women
relationship relationship goals love
love if you have to date one dude from
the crew hashtag no homo who would it be
her on the job okay and probably talking
a lot of smack about us for sure
favorite movie of all time
liking my - um there's a new bromance
come down Harris probably you know
trying to get some good deals on
sneakers and Jamie's just like South
Beach has 1,000 I got you fam all right
guys I'm gonna sign out right now we'll
catch you guys it all right if we're
gonna rip right now right you were right
so here is just cashed out he got him
overboard right if I was ready here oh
he's good
oh shit it's a miserable fam hover for
them go up the curb go up the co pham
look at this hoverboard tricks oh no
you're not just bounce mode
oh the up M faster than the clobber
looki so we're gonna get some DJ's right
now why do we put that I said if this
vlog instead doesn't like some upload
unedited version it's not gonna happen
alright guys so as you can see we've got
serving as j im7 no no I need it
involved 10,000 likes I asked Jimmy let
me go through a small and look look who
is texting guys
casually casual conversations
then Jamie your mixtape another day I
thank the Jamie and I was like yo bones
Malone is on the cover he sends me a
screenshot of this school like this cool
oh my god
Jamie makes a family joke guys
so we're about half way back home right
now Harrison Diddy is right here swags
on the phone because exactly one minute
ago it became his birthday on the road
so Harris any birthday wishes to sweat
so I wish you many many many more inches
in height and lining years in life okay
cut short
ladies and gentlemen another inch taller
in the car we call super Cory like it's
your birthday is like your birthday for
me in the club better than above my back
my flow marzo vote me go there for me
all my visiting but my MA hey boy if
it's not I have to go get my change man
know what the way I ever get the change
family so that away Pam okay
your sup boy okay every time I fine okay
every time I every time I voice I'm
gonna do a different person so I did
Joella today is a hook he's a football
he likes to play a little bit of
football
so so so the best I think
two out of three members of crew TV have
hurt their knees on no one cares about
our knees lady laughter that went away
is is that what you was looking for Joe
ha gotta turn you off him you can as a
friend they don't see my vision pictures
over change but I stay on my mission got
the same goal then feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voice
