what welcome back and yeah welcome to a
new vlog and we are officially on the
road to Los Angeles here we go guys epic
weekend so much plan for you so little
time but that's how we do it over here
crew TV we like cramming big things into
little ones yeah so that's what we like
to do over here couch TV we like to have
a bunch of fun and we really can see
each other they all show up the booth
guys I apologize you guys have to deal
with this guy for the past 5 vlogs but
these next two blogs out to be fire and
machine so I'll check out the moon one
time for the one time I just realized
that the past like four vlogs has not
had a single soul for myself like yeah
it's this guy in the strawberries $3.99
he only had five dollars for it's like
naming your dog virginity and say you
lost your virginity stop to the gas
station I got these gyro lays it's six
o'clock in the morning
you know what one road trip right guys
rapid knock good morning guys it's like
gyro exclusive the official league come
in a Virginia on you o HK on in VA
October 4th in the OC I mean Oct for
Tennessee now Oct October October qo h k
VA right it's four million sure if this
guy on a vlog channel would be hour-long
fog special every day
where's my 80 words you again a leaked
interview which baddies are coming to
the talk before Tokyo gives a wake-up
it's all five all right so already been
four hours on to the road trip and I'm
already fucking I'm already sick and
tired right now
it started in four minutes since his
road trip and I'm already tired now I'll
go back home before sleep just one look
we're outside the gas station we stopped
to get some refreshments for about an
hour away and we were parked in the
front but we moved as soon as we left
because swag still in there
so it's scared of when he comes out
and here we have a wild sake Diddy not
knowing where the world come at me bro
so we have finally checked into the
hotel this is a dope oh time stay here
before double bed swags already
thank you broken fan he's already
getting comfortable this is me there's
the bed we're gonna be sharing you but
look at this Los Angeles view baby this
is motivation I'm gonna take over this
city pretty soon boy look at this
got to pull all that good stuff chill
vibes what are you yeah take a picture
damn is it a girl is it a girl then huh
watching what they did in the last one I
put it on the intro that's what this
track that we made but I can't really
because it's really bad like I think
shots that these guys really bad like
personal messages and everything okay so
like I said we're swimming so we got
some GoPro water Harris met his vine oh
I met big Nick in snapchat video I said
oh yeah okay super cool
are you single
or not Oh No let's just say I'm single I
ready to me in YouTube in GOP right okay
when when do we know she's that start
when he knows that start alright guys so
check this out we are all in the boobs
right now what up guys so we're about to
go to Santa Monica shop around and then
grab some dinner
Kirsten dinner we buddy hello tell me
would you ride around around around my
rari
mixtape coming soon time snippets very
birthday dinner he was born for his
birthday
yeah birthday cake it is birthday - oh
dude you should stop that
cuz you understand I'm ever alright guys
so we just got to Santa Monica I'm here
with the random stage yeah how you doing
sir I'm doing Gary what are you doing
here today I'm going to be tough on
irori
right all right sentence right around
that run round irori no finish the
sentence right around that Rory
thank you just 1 million dollars
so right now we and I can check just do
it my name is watching West now imma
just do it oh shit I just brought with
the same word now we've got to go to 800
degrees
what's the worst and we have decided our
swag has decided that we are going to
700 degrees pizza 800 800 degrees pizza
and this I already had a cheat meal
earlier today I'm just gonna have
another cheat meal and just make it a
full-on cheat day but I was told by five
$5.00
I saw a NW last weekend so I asked him
if that looks skinnier because I lost
seven pounds since then the movie is not
the movie so they said yeah so we're
doing good guys unknown source where are
you taking us them I just wanna know
that was Jay Mia hello crickets crickets
G cookies going from Rafael a shadow
allergies Duran Duran
damn everybody
we out at the bonfire right now having a
good time look up cracking it
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
still my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of voice
