who's up next really prevents on the
track you extreme cool my chest
your fam show Sophia wait wait wait good
morning guys good afternoon good day
happy weekend it is the weekend how are
you feeling nobody's in answer okay woke
up today grab some breakfast now it's
time to do something I haven't done in
two months might be three months I've
really been keeping track but I'm going
to cut my hair you guys all I asked you
guys did me the hugest favor and you all
said cut your hair well most of you said
cut your hair so I'm gonna do that for
you guys so thank you to everyone who
did comment that I had like 500 comments
on that vlog man appreciate it
after that I'm gonna go to the peel box
I got a few things to do and then bla
bla bla la la Lu you'll see where I end
up tonight and it's gonna be a turn book
cuz she's just happy that the crews back
in town
I'm back baby I'm back baby
fresh cut boys all day baby I left the
top I don't know if you can see because
it's kind of dark
I left the length of the top and my boy
sheisty shout out to my boy shyster
during the bay you need to come to him
we just did the sides in the back taper
getting back and length on the top get
that suit back look I'll show you guys
later but this roof is messing up the
vibe right now so I feel good though man
it's amazing what a fresh haircut can do
for you bro God it's been three months I
felt like this I feel amazing right now
all right guys now for the moment of
truth
first off man big big big shout out to
my homie by John he hit me up my homie
but John hit me up on Instagram and I
followed him a while ago because uh
I forgot how like he had like some of my
pictures and I went to this profile and
I get some dope sneakers and I hit him
up because I initially I thought he was
from out here in the bay and I was like
yo weak I'm trying to do a sneak peek of
your collection and you know he told me
it looked like I think it was like three
hours away or whatever but but we've
always followed I've always so I
followed him and you know he told me I
was like alright one day you know
hopefully I can make it out there we
could do a sneak peak of your collection
cuz he has some dope stuff and then that
was that you know and then when the
Wendy's came out he hit me up and asked
me if I got him and I told him I struck
out I couldn't get him on line I didn't
want any raffle so he said he said I got
you so I hit him up on idea and I might
go with some if you was I let me know if
you can help me out and then if you have
any and how much how much how much can I
get him from and he hit me back he's
like he's like what size do you need and
he said don't worry about it and I was
like are you serious it's like yeah he's
like I am and I told you I got you so I
told him my size he got my size he
gifted him to me which is freaking
amazing and it's just like a blessing so
if you're watching this man I know
you're watching this he was he's part of
the crew family he's been watching the
vlogs he's he's an amazing dude I'll
link his Instagram down below if you
guys want to follow him and check out
his collection but again man definitely
you know I can't thank you enough
you a million times over text but I want
to do a person to need to video so thank
you grow and I'm so happy to have these
and you know I'm not gonna sell these
you know I'm freakin wearing beauties
tomorrow
right when I unbox them I might even
throw them on but like I can't thank you
enough and it's crazy man honestly it's
it's a blessing to be able to have such
you know dope people in this world who
are just willing to look out for you
Brown box inside a brown box baby
there we go you see the winning ticket
on there too
sighs nine and a half oh I'm so excited
right out but if it's a prank it was
like a block of box of rocks
okay okay
oh my god I'm so happy right now
ladies and gentlemen I introduce to you
I've never been on a sailboat but as of
right now I'm a pirate the pirate black
easy boost 350s baby oh my god Oh
I am so happy right now
Oh
dude by John did honestly thank you man
thank you so much I'm so happy right now
I'm like oh you know my favorite part of
this whole shoe is that white boost at
the bottom oh my god alright and for the
people just to let you guys know that my
boy gets that real real champ sports
receipt as you guys know I have the
other pair too
man these are just amazing
Oh dudes just
alright guys I'm so excited because I
got the shoes and now I'm gonna go play
with the Droid draw and I call it a
droid I gotta go play with the drone for
the first time in the daylight and
actually get you guys some good footage
hey what's up did I get hella do a man
button but I'm not going to do it
because as you guys remember I said I'm
not a part of that trend but just know I
could do it I don't want to here we go
drone time baby
so um after further review after seeing
the footage I got and the footage I saw
online
I'm really disappointed I've decided I'm
gonna return this thing because one it's
shaky you could see the legs in the
camera and maybe I wasn't doing it right
but the other thing that sucked about it
is like I couldn't press record from the
controller I had to go under and click
record on my GoPro so basically I'm just
going to return it after watching it I'm
like wait how often am I actually going
to use this if I ever really do need one
I could just borrow one from someone but
I don't need it at the moment so I'm
just going to make the smart decision
and return it so for all the people that
were looking for there forward to drone
shots my apologies but I think I just
quickly jumped on the hype because I
really wanted one and it's whatever I
mean it's still cool thing to have I'll
probably get one later on but right now
for the price that I got afford which
was a thousand I don't think it's worth
them so I'm gonna take this thing back
I'll be back again another day in the
gym
I'm grinding now my rings it's 1:00 a.m.
I might introduce anybody I'm just going
to pass the camera over because y'all
muhfuckas I've been asking for this guy
to vlog for the past like six vlog y'all
don't want me no more so I'm gonna make
a vlog just so we can hear
what's up everybody welcome to Paris
takes over crew TV for the weekend we
got the birthday boy right here
so we have the birthday boy right here
Rinda martial arts all weekend
oh yeah
a challenge
please stop negotiating we have shots in
my my barber
fresh stuff give me a one time someone
zap try out this new thing was letting
go to the
dear Barbara always my swag
driver chasers like Chris wag leave
refrigerator yeah so first pit stop
we're at a BJ's buffalo there's one
o'clock I haven't slept I work for live
in LA in spot for out 13 hours our work
yeah going to be a fun trip for that
little guy's birthday right there here
we go next stop my house I got up boxing
from a secret head living at here no I
love you guys and it's true
can you turn this off oh nice nice to
meet you where is all of this first of
all be in a California drought so the
water falls out you don't have water in
them second of all see how the music
stopped for me so I hairs just made a
friend nor any reunited old friend back
inside separating frame right now is
outside of the video
no I swear us that look at this car
though so I got shocked in the hallway
probably there that's my guys did I work
here this guy one show weekend my ass
what is yeah that's the retro look at
where the handles action not that hey
open it
this is no room we're not here you get
they gonna think them yeah that's funny
bro mood 17 JV helmet Danny how many how
many how many how many moods you got for
sure you use the updated stop turn every
day
papi hell yeah brother bro it was either
this or we pay extra five bucks and get
a Honda Civic are you back at that
harvester five dollars 15 s 5 all the
bits we out here try to save money bro
you just going
oh what a crew TV we got a box and she
has 200 Dan that's good
so I actually unboxed my Easy's in this
far away so that's two on bottom
people's yeah safety first
this is your first ever unboxing on this
channel on the next one or the next one
but you ain't did nothing about it
next one hmm you ain't doing nothing
about it that's a big box that means
it's a Nike Plus I know what it is
guesses guesses the crown jewels really
yeah I guess that's it is not for
plugging the chanter no way it has to
become jewel
thus you can't come up with anything
else do you got take my pick it's late
family anything comit√© subway you have
the green ones obviously LeBron ten
money I didn't see that salt you know
like I knew you the boxing your heads
Africa yeah he already has the green
your opinon Jade it has to be there it
has the blue ties the purple one with
the pink bottom the one I said right you
know
count your as you have the blue one is
it the blue one
it has the blue one yeah thank you guys
he's really good what Tobal oh he's
gonna pull out the galaxy shows up to 20
colors on galaxy came out with that
galaxy didn't come with the 'plus Yeah
right
i know i'll show after no fair enough
ready no gold so gold sushi voice oh
good sushi boys as you can see mercy
these are staying the Nike+ and i'm
hoping these never released in the u.s.
today i did they I think they did yeah
where'd you get this from for like
where's this guy from
from Texas god Dan that goal is amazing
the Brunton is probably the best round
of all yeah just this is a must for me
I'm gonna wear I'm gonna watch on my
laptop
alright guys we're gonna end this vlog
we're leaving to LA in a few hours so
we'll be doing that vlog tomorrow
hello-o LeBron time man magnet time oh
gosh let's go to LA listen
yeah sorry 30th birthday now it's cool
Nikola 48 all right good
I'll see you guys tomorrow right take it
easy have a good day
stay blessed and don't forget to whip
yourself just whip yourself to the like
button like this I'm just kidding y'all
laugh like this but y'all gotta get the
hell up out of here that you can like
this oh yeah first Cowboys
