all right guys are you guys ready for
this this is all let me fix the hair
real quick this right here what I'm
looking at is going to be the backdrop
of all the future crew kicks videos of
possible main channel videos of possible
crew TV videos I don't know but this
thing I finally have one of these and
I've been morning would like to make
something like this for so long now and
I've just haven't been able to do it and
finally I got it
ladies and gentlemen I present you guys
the new official you Oh P back job BAM
what do you guys think simple it's cool
it looks sexy I got the Joker poster
100,000 subscriber plaque two more
spaces empty for the coup TV hundred
thousand subscriber and the crew kicks
hundred subscriber when it comes my
wrestlemania chair that's what i'm gonna
be sitting and yeah so from that one
when you guys see me doing little videos
and things like that i'll be sitting
like this angle and then look at that it
just looks dope you know what i'm saying
like this is not the camera I'm gonna be
used obviously I'm gonna be using this
one I had it set up so that I can make
sure that angles are right and this room
is still a mess but it will be flicks
Twix fixed by tonight but I yeah I think
it looks cool so super excited happy
that I finally got it done you know
painted the wall did all that good stuff
and I'm about to leave now like I would
have finished all this but let's go
outside because my head's about to
explode right now
so yesterday yesterday's vlog I talked
about briefly I mentioned wanting a
drone but I said I wasn't gonna get one
and then today I don't know what came
over me but I was just like going
through YouTube and I was watching
different people's videos I'm using it
like I mentioned yesterday I was
watching praying for his prank isn't
just he was using it and then I seen the
towel to use it and I know Yousef uses
it and then I was like damn it I want
one so I'm going to get one right now
because you know what
I don't know man it's just one of those
things that I want now because other
people have it and I think that the
visuals are amazing and it's just a sick
thing that I want to add and I want to
make videos like that so I'm gonna go
get one
well I'm like super excited to go get
one but the one I'm getting is gonna be
is actually made for GoPro cuz I the
other one has a camera built-in but I'm
getting the one that's made for GoPro so
yeah I'm super excited about to go get
this one so let's go cuz my battery's
dying best bye here we come
it said they had it in stock online so
hopefully they have it here now or else
I'm gonna be salty and imma cry I found
it right here chillin on display
now I gotta find some help as you can
see of her appetite now because I'm
going home to play with my drone I have
a lot of learning to do and excited to
use it man
yup Hill's me alright guys finally got
this thing going
took me like an hour to update it I had
to update it but I got everything on
there got my phone on there it got a
little dark but I'm gonna put my camera
right here and then let's test this
thing out all that it needs to charge
BRB I guess here we go super dark out
but we still want to try this
the drone footage that I got I mean
there's no point of showing you guys cuz
it's so dark outside and it didn't come
out that was that good you could only
see the pool barely so I'm gonna do it
again for you guys tomorrow and because
I want to play more with it but I almost
lost control a few times and I was like
panicking like I said but I'm about to
go to the gym right now and I'm about to
listen to this new weekend album so I
gotta connect oh man
alright guys got a nice little break a
sweat I honestly didn't go that hard
today man I wasn't even gonna come today
but this is more of like a rest day but
I still can feels weird being able to
see myself hold the cam right there but
yeah man I'm ready to go home listening
to the weekends album like I said and
it's pretty cool I mean it's got the
same vibes there's all these other
apples it's a little more poppy but I
still rock with it I really liked the
the tell your friends often like they
met all the mainstream songs I got a
real listen to all the other ones so I
get a hang of it and I'll give you my
full review but as of right now it's a
good check it out I'm not getting paid
to do this
but as its Cobham but I'm I'm looking
forward to checking out Travis Scott's
album not saying I'm a big fan of him
but I definitely want to see what he can
bring first first album I believe it's
his first album right anyway
the real big album that I'm waiting for
is Kanye and Drake so if you if you're
reading this I'm waiting for views of
the six okay
I'm out of here I'm literally walking
into Luckies with five bucks I don't
have my wallet I don't have anything I
only have this five bucks that's been in
my gym bag for the past month and I'm
gonna buy some strawberries
so hopefully strawberries are not more
than five bucks where's the strawberries
uh they even have strawberries is pretty
late mom okay we found it
what is this you spin this vision
here we go here we go yo here we go yo
$3.99 - I like that price alright guys
another day is done edit this vlog watch
some TV and knock out tomorrow got a
long day long day I hope you to the
drone shots for you guys that's it
love you guys take it easy outside
goodnight shut up don't talk about
Domino's I can't Pizza all right guys by
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
