got the drink and me going back to back
going back to back what up guys we're
all champion in for another daily vlog
I'm actually gonna do my wall today but
anyway let's start the blog off I want
to show you guys a few things you get
down here on my laptop it's like
sometimes I just sit in random spots of
my room and put my laptop down and just
do crap but anyway when I was in New
York I was at sneaker Con and I met the
homie who was on YouTube Richie Lee and
I talked to him I was like yo I seen
your videos they're pretty dope and then
I told him with your videos I make
outside have you ever seen sneak right
be like and he's like oh yeah I seen it
and he's like yeah and he was telling me
how like how like well put together it
was so shout-out to the homey really and
he asked me if I wanted to be
interviewed for his uh for his video so
as you can see if I could focus this
your boys in there check me out
swag and hard but anyway yeah go check
him out man Richard Lee his YouTube
video see me drop a comment about me you
know it's all about me I'm just kidding
but yeah check him out he's got some
dope video so check him out
yeah so that's the first thing now the
great amazing beautiful people at
Rock'em apparel are so quick like just
yesterday I was talking to them and
they're like ok we're gonna start the
orders and then today they sent me a
picture of the orders and they shipped
them out to me already
so I'm gonna show you guys the picture
and then the product should be here I
don't know I gotta check the tracking
but here is a picture preview I post it
on my Instagram if you follow me maybe I
shouldn't even show you guys maybe I
should make you guys go to my Instagram
you know what I'm not gonna show you
guys if you guys want to see go follow
me on Instagram it's a high so more um
I'll show you a little preview on let me
see
that's it that's all you guys get so if
you guys want to see what the socks look
like go to my Instagram at Kai so more
and go follow me okay cuz I'm almost at
40,000 followers than I'm trying to hit
it okay anyway that's the world
heavyweight champion you know it's come
to my
hello guys what are you doing here I
know you're expecting to see me no you
know I am here I'm gonna give you about
five seconds to leave my house I'm
coming for your WWE Championship because
I am mr. money in the bank you want this
huh watch your back you hit me you want
this you have to earn it okay that
championship will be mine
all the way to the gym right now also at
the gym I finally have to go buy this
paint right here so I could paint my
wall been procrastinating on this one
right here
but yeah I'm not excited to do that
I was excited at first but i'vei've got
messed up when I realized I gotta do all
the work and do all the work you know
I'm saying well yeah we're going to the
gym first things first take it easy
today as far as the cardio goes because
this knee is feeling weak today so I got
to make sure the knee is getting better
and better so that we can move to the
next level and
I mean it's only Wednesday and I'm on
the edge if I should cut my hair before
this weekend like I'm like I've already
grown it out this much so I might as
well just keep going I don't know what I
want to do with it but I look at old
pictures of my damn I missed the fresh
tapers and all that good stuff and I'm
just like uh what do I do what I do so
I'm like putting it off but like I
always ask you guys should I cut my hair
and only like one person replies guys
should I cut my hair or no what do you
guys think let me know should I bring
back the fresh tapers trim the top trim
the sides or should I just like you know
trim the sides leave the tops long and
just bring back the taper maybe I don't
know like comment down below or hit me
up via MSN message all right
late got the drink and me going back to
back going back to back back to that gym
boot workout gym workout gym workout is
officially done just working out later
today finally gonna go get some paint
you got it then you gotta have a world
tour as that's your world tour your
girl's tour
guess we going on to the city all right
guys it's got all the basics got the
blue paint this cost me about 50 bucks
which I'm kind of pissed about the but
you know it's all good sorry that the
camera string is coming in the way I got
to do what you got to do it yeah man so
we just started I sprayed on the texture
to give it that bump look the way that
this has the bump look so first things
first I'm doing a good job there but I
think I need to add some more
can't tell if it's too much or not
yellow and let that dry for about 30
minutes now
all right here we go
all right still some wet spots but all
done crazytown that's not the best job
guys I'm gonna tell you right now if you
are ever lost and confused and you don't
know what you want to do it your life
sit back relax take a breath because
everything happens for a reason and if
you don't know right now you're gonna
know one day why it took so long and why
you didn't know before like until this
year I didn't realize what I really
really really wanted to do and I just
felt like the eight years that I was
missing from what I really want to do is
was for me to learn a lesson and it it's
crazy how that works and I'm not gonna
tell you guys what it is yet because
it's still like something that I'm
keeping to myself but pretty soon on you
guys will know what it is and
I just want to tell you guys to you know
just stay positive because even if you
like having trouble in school and you
don't know what your major is and all
that stuff trust me it will come to you
all right guys stay positive and just
know that you know the best is yet to
come
all right never stress we go into the
gym boy back to back we don't look back
to back in pace
hold on don't tell me I didn't bring my
basketball shoes I'm so dumb I was just
so hyped right now dammit
well then I thought I had basketball
shoes in my trunk but I guess not so I'm
going back home I'm sorry now wake up
early and come back again
goddamnit cuz I'm out of gas - so I
can't even come back today okey I should
go home get my shoes and come back
that's so annoying what though that was
that I went home I got my shoes then I'm
going back so I just got done proofing I
honestly should even be playing
anytime I start to appreciate being able
to walk off the court more healthy
without injury
as long as this need stays healthy then
but I'm I'm gonna take a few more shots
and then I'm gonna get out here nobody
says I don't care what anybody tells me
men
I had a really good two weeks right now
I've been having a really good two weeks
as far as dieting all right so now all
it looks like there's a glare so now
that the wall is all done I can finally
put all this stuff back where it belongs
like literally I've been sleeping like
with all these shoes right here and my
coveted championship belt right there
the walls all painted I can get this
stuff organized fixed my new backdrop
finally hang the Joker poster and
finally do the giveaway the only thing
that I'm like trying to decide is the
mayor that used to be right here I don't
know if I should put it back right here
or if I should even keep this mayor like
this smears old I mean I could just
simply clean it but I guess I could just
keep it I kind of messed up up there but
oh that's fine
I like that I just got done watching
some YouTube vlogs I watched Roman
Atwood
I don't watch daily I watched him like
once a week I'll just check up on the
channels i watch Roman a annoyed I need
just bought a new vlog camera I'm super
jealous because it's like a thousand
dollars and I'm like it's so tight but
that's gonna be my next camera probably
hopefully and then I also watch I don't
really watch prankvsprank I used to not
like them that much but recently I've
been watching it because I like his
drone shots drone drone drone drone I
want one of those too but I'm not gonna
get it right now because I have other
priorities first that I need to worry
about but that would be pretty cool to
get in the near future
I think that's hey that's it that's all
I watch III watch I don't know history
honestly I don't know his real name
but mystic got jokes right mister guy
jokes i watch his vlogs i watch his
vlogs too and then you guys know i love
just reins videos but i wish you've
logged more just rating if you're
watching this probably not but i'll
shoot you a text tell you to vlog more
and I love Tim's vlogs too although I
wish you used the real camera I hate
when he uses a cell phone but you know
Tim you can't tell him anything
and yeah so those are like the youtubers
I usually watch on the on a daily basis
not daily basis on a weekly basis I
check in and I'll just click like the
ones I think the most interesting I
don't even watch my vlogs after I upload
my vlog I don't watch him after that day
oh by the way I got something coming in
either Friday or Monday and I am so
excited and I'm not gonna tell you how I
got them right now but when I do get
them I'll tell you how I got how I got
them and obviously it's a shoe but I've
just I just feel blessed man like it's
amazing didn't like I'm not even I'm not
I'm not gonna get into it right now I'm
gonna wait till they take the shoes come
and I'll tell you guys a story of how it
happened and one of the most amazing
people who hooked me up with this shoe
and all that good stuff but Friday try
to get the shoe can you guys guess what
shoe I got I'm pretty sure you guys all
know a shoe it is yeah man so I'm really
excited to do this all tomorrow I might
actually hit the mall tomorrow too cuz I
need to get some outfits for this
weekend because it is swag and Diddy's
birthday weekend we turning up
not really but
yes it's gonna be lit as the kids say
this very weight right lit no nobody's
here okay it's gonna be lit man so uh
yeah but you just think I'm losing
weight or what because I'm telling me
I'm a fat ass now anyway all right guys
I'm gonna end this vlog here what is it
it's Thursday
it's Thursday for you guys so hope
everyone has a great Thursday hope
everyone has a great weekend tomorrow
spend time with family spend time with
friends and all that good stuff so just
watch looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I failed my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
wanna hear
