you
this is like the third time that I
formatted the card and just restarted
the day over i'm currently by my pool
right now um i went to the gym already
I'm just I'm gonna fix myself up because
y'all be saying that I looked at Preston
that I looked sad like I just started
crying or something but I'm about my
poem but to start swimming get some laps
in went to the gym already went to Whole
Foods and had some salad already so I'm
eating healthy got the GoPro footage as
you guys saw already I'm like I'm and
I'm not even trying already but yeah man
if you guys watch yesterday's vlog you
saw me announce that I'm going to be
doing a hat collection video as you can
see I got this hat on with the flimsy
brim I'm doing a hat collection video oh
my god this thing is horrible i'm doing
a hat collection video that will be up
next week so stay tuned for that for all
the people that want to see my hat
collection and then also i'm going to be
doing something that I've never done
before which is I'm gonna be releasing
some dream crew socks so if anybody's
excited while my lens is super dirty and
there's dust inside
thus being inside is the reason why I
bought this camera now this camera is
dust inside too but but yeah Dream
Cruise socks are going to be released
soon so for all my sneaker heads and
even if you're a non sneaker head and
you just want to rep hard dream crew
socks are going to be coming out soon
they're actually being made by one of
the top like custom saw companies which
is Rock'em apparel I got in contact with
them and they're just hooking me up with
the dough price to make them and I'm
gonna put them out there for you guys to
pick up if you guys want them and also
working on shirts and um one more thing
that's it ok so now finally it's already
like 5pm 6pm let's get the day started
alright guys i'm in the hot tub now just
got done doing some laps and all that
goody good stuff but I'm gonna talk to
you guys right now like keep it like I'm
just gonna act like you guys are homie
that I'm talking to and I'm just talking
about YouTube life pretty much you guys
know I took like two breaks within the
last month and a half and one of the
things I usually do like when I do take
breaks is I I worry whether or not you
guys are going to stick around or if
you're just going to big all screw this
guy and move on or whatever but as far
as like the past couple of logs you know
it's been consistent I think like two
vlogs ago we did really bad and it only
got like fourteen fifteen thousand which
was like why this vlog is like so good
of me inheres playing the guitar like
this was so good how did it not get the
views and it's all about you know just
creating good titles and putting good
thumbnails but it's also about like did
a lot of people turn their back on the
channel and the crew and things like
that but I really don't believe so I
feel like a lot of you guys stayed with
me and I really appreciate it so moral
of the story I really appreciate
everyone who does stick around when I
take these breaks and at the moment and
I'm not taking any breaks there's no
plans to take breaks because i feel like
i got the ball rolling right now as far
as like staying consistent and I got my
mind in the right place and yeah my
voice seems a little down it's just cuz
I'm like I'm out of energy today
honestly but yeah I just want you guys
to know like I really appreciate you
guys and it's crazy because this channel
is close to hitting almost 80,000 which
is super close to a hundred thousand
earlier this year the main channel hit a
hundred thousand and it's just crazy
that just to know that my my my people
who are subscribed to the vlog channel
or like so like so our cover my phone
are so like loyal to the crew and it's
like we're about to hit a hundred
thousand that's like main channel level
it's just amazing to me and just
appreciate it and and hopefully we could
make it happen man it would be a dope
accomplishment to to have to get another
plaque it would be a real dope
accomplishment I don't put the camera
away before I drop it in the fourth so
pretty much I took a nap after i
showered from the pool and now i am here
the best place in the world this car is
about to hit me I need to just get a few
things get some breakfast for tomorrow
some strawberries are that good good
healthy crap I just had a sandwich right
now with wheat bread whole grain wheat
bed who is disgusting but gotta do what
you gotta do a man world champ out you
know what I'm saying so so I'm super
excited I've had in my eye on this for a
minute it's like a GoPro jaws it like
clips on to anything and you guys can
see I'm gonna take this and play with it
a little bit I want to do more GoPro
footage type things in my vlogs editing
the vlog the way I used to do with all
the cuts and edits and all the cool
stuff so I'm gonna start doing that
again for you guys because I know it's
kind
been at all sometimes and things like
that buddy we get back on it right I
look at hella ref had no reason and my
hoodie's holding my hair back so yeah yo
it's crazy here is like Bollywood goes
back to school today or something I'm
pissed they don't even have strawberries
here when you take a cart and you don't
buy
you just abandon it randomly / so i just
love targeted I got my GoPro thing and
I'm an awkward person but I hate when
other people make things even more
awkward for me like I was standing in
line and they do that the register was
like looking directly at me and he's
like this but and I just like smiled cuz
I didn't know if he was really looking
at me or something behind me but I just
like acted like yeah and I went to my
phone then when I went to the register
to pay like I was in the back of the
line he didn't say one word to me so
obviously he wasn't really talking to me
so I don't know what the like I don't
know I'm just awkward person so I feel
really weird but anyway imma go home
and yeah
yeah this is a really really bad blog I
feel like and I'm really like I don't
even want to upload anything but I'm
still gonna do because I know you guys
want me to but and there's just like
days and I don't do crap like I answered
a few emails today I did it at the vlog
but it was a plain boring day man so my
apologies if you are not entertained by
this blog but I can promise you that
this weekend is gonna be turned so yeah
okay bye if it is afraid they won't see
my vision my mission got the same goal
coming up from a different angle this is
real life you don't want to feel like
what
