do you know some Jake trick Drake you
don't know Drake as the future World
Heavyweight as the current let me
correct myself as the current World
Heavyweight Champion
it's only right that I get my house back
in the gym I've been consistent with the
general really happy about it
are we going to the groceries sorry are
you going are you gonna go get groceries
huh that's your swimming pool have you
gone there before I went there when my
mascara today but i'll give you love you
mean cones are you can get a little look
at it ok ok i don't have the key yeah
well we can never flinching oh yeah what
I don't have the key Mila dinner Chad
climb up that tree you want to climb the
tree go ahead me let you make a knee
sorry we can't climb the tree this go ok
Mila are we going you know why I Everson
what are you doing I'm about the
interview are you ready yeah so you just
got shouted out by the Kardashian kids
how does it feel okay okay hold on you
have something on you live can you do
the the whip and the Naenae for us all
right go ahead sing it oh good together
go do it together let's finish this
interview you went to Taylor Swift
concert last week I was done say hi to
her ya know okay good job think you can
you sing whatever songs yeah we you can
be bad and now he's a bit mad but take a
look at you done your baby now we got
bad luck huh all right that's it for the
goods are thank you for your time and I
feel made you out are you still an
interview hey what all right here you
take the camera okay there you go bring
every year are you an interview me there
you go we're doing cow I'm really close
to the camera and I'm hanging out right
here big you know were you making videos
oh well when you're making videos can
you do to wibb you want me to do the
whip a midnight I lived it went to you
follow it have you Aidan there you go
hey guys like just ate in here tonight's
my best friend bizarro listen I don't
know if you guys can be at their shoes
anyway um you have a girlfriend hello
and uh talk the answer you know like I
met a lot of girls so once this Los
Angeles saw where my girls oh then he
said hi I asked me out on a date then I
we went to starbucks i got a Frappuccino
no way i was awesome all right here we
are the best in the universal good job
oh yeah shawn mendes shawn mendes Erato
before no and I left me fun Oh jeepers
tonight now I need some bud bring me
back good job I got fitted Malik going
under but no don't make it I can breathe
funny money I'll be need a stitches keep
going I don't know it apart what else
songs you know do you know some Jake
good trick Jake a drink you don't know
Drake hey hold on do you know you know
sink frozen sing frozen the snow blows
what of my mind and that not a footprint
to be soon k number by
how we like it women instead heaven
knows I tried don't let them in don't
let them see be I don't know what do you
mean you're just doing it candle it back
anymore Mila can we get a word please
what are you doing what up guys as you
can see I'm ending another vlog like
this hope you enjoyed this short vlog it
was super short I know taking over by
his mostly Zara but just want to say
thank you guys for joining for another
day of vlogs and if you guys want to see
more of Zara you can follow her
Instagram yeah is Instagram and she's
one of the most fashionable fashionable
kids I've ever seen in my life so follow
her on Instagram um it's run by her mom
by the way and um yeah I had a few
announcements over today I think I told
did I tell you guys about that why my
posing like this um I don't know if I
told you guys I can't remember if I put
it in yesterday's blog but everyone's
always asking me about my hat
collections and my hats and what kind of
hat it was so I decided next week I'm
gonna post the video on KU TV showing
you guys my hat collection because I
haven't done that in like three years
next week hat collection video that's
one announcement second announcement um
I'm working on some new apparel / merch
for you guys because everyone's been
asking where they can cop like shirts at
and I've decided to make I've been
working on a few new things but I
finally decided what shirt I'm gonna go
with so new shirt will be coming soon
the first place that
one of the places not the first place
but one of the places I'm going to be
selling the shirt is in my event in VA
so we are coming to virginia in october
i believe it's october forth so no is it
oh well it's washing it's in washington
DC technically but I say Virginia
because they're like right next to each
other pretty much I guess I don't know
but yeah so we'll be coming to DC
washington DC in october so make sure
you guys are ready for that and we will
be sure selling the shirts there as well
as selling for the first time ever i am
proud to announce that we will be
releasing dream crew socks made by one
of the best custom sock companies out
there Rock'em apparel you guys if you're
asleep your head you guys know Rock'em
apparel shout out to the homies over at
rockland apparel i got in connect with
them i told him i wanted to make some
socks they hooked me up with a great
price and we're gonna make them happen
for you guys so QoP dream crew Rock'em
apparel socks are coming soon so stay
tuned for that i'm super excited as a
sneakerhead being able to have my own
sock is like an amazing an amazing
amazing amazing amazing thing so anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog will
see you tomorrow with another one about
to get ready start my day go hit the gym
World Heavyweight Champion bound and I
love you guys pieces good day okay
herckel either they look any older than
the e Johnny nobody a villain
