good morning beautiful world another
beautiful day out here in Los Angeles
California it is fall time but it is
like a hundred degrees I don't know
what's going on with humanity right now
but I'm not enjoying it I want to start
wearing hoodies again and all that stuff
and like brah
I don't know what's going on your voice
starting the day off well I went and got
a haircut you feel me getting all fresh
I'm about to start my day off had Toys R
Us this was my childhood like dream
place like I loves coming here and
buying wrestling toys but today I got to
come because I want to buy my niece
something because she's turning 1
tomorrow and I want to get her something
dope so I've had a few of my eyes on a
few things but I'm gonna finally come
and buy it and then wrap it and then
take it to them tonight and I'm gonna
sleep over their house tonight just so I
can be there for her birthday at
midnight and yeah so let's go ahead and
go inside here and see what we can get I
wanted to get her one of these like cars
but the thing is is like she's turning
once was she she won't be able to drive
it but obviously she'll be able to use
it when she gets older so I don't know
if I should wait to buy her one of these
like I know I didn't buy an i8 but I was
thinking of buying her and i8 clickbait
buying my i8
also shout out to the homies Fran and
sandal boys lighting is kind of bad you
know I'm wearing my sandal boys BBC
collab right here they just hooked me up
with one of the og colorways this is
like one of the original original
colorways that they came out came out
with BAM
the orange yeah this lighting sucks the
orange joins right there you can see
super super clean I love the way it
smells so imma be that's gonna be my new
go-to like I've been wearing the hell
out of the bbc1 so it's time to switch
it up and rock the new joints and then
he also gave me a sandal boy's carpet so
this is gonna be going my in my
apartment that is super super dope I
actually like the quality on that dope
so I'm gonna ask him if we can make some
dream crew carpets because yeah that's
lit alright so basically I need to go to
Beverly Center because I also want to
get her like a nice fit I might buy her
Gucci or something like that because you
know she's turning one it's time for her
to get exposed to that Gucci life so I
might go see if they have any Gucci fits
bra it is brought a C on max right now
it is so freakin hot alright imma
checking with you guys either at the
Beverly Center or at the lunch with
Ahmed so I'll see you guys in like
literally one transition so alright guys
so I just got to Sunset Boulevard which
is like it was way further than I
expected but apparently we're having
this meeting at a sushi place so I'm
happy about that
Ahmed is already here so I'm just gonna
go inside but while I do the meeting I
got an unboxing for you guys of what is
potentially the best Jordan the best
general will release Jordan if it is a
gr of 2017 so yeah check that out and
I'm gonna go get some sushi
give it up hit it and drop what's in the
box
what's up guys all right guys don't mind
a headband your boy you know getting
ready we're gonna be unboxing some
sneakers you know it's gonna get a
little hot a little sweaty so you know
you got to get that headband going but
anyway we bout to open up this package
right here and this package right here
is from soul Steel's I've done a few
unboxing from Stahl Steel's I always
promote it to you guys because it's the
best and cheapest place to buy sneakers
it goes with the monthly membership so
you pay monthly for it but you get
access to some of the craziest deals on
on sneakers supreme vape all that good
stuff link is down below if you guys
want to sign up it's well worth it trust
me it's very very dope yeah so this is
where I got those from and this is one
of those shoes where I wasn't a fan of
it at first I've actually told you guys
I wasn't a huge fan of it at first but
the more I see it on people's feet on
Instagram I'm kind of falling falling in
love with the colorway I feel like if
you have the right outfit on with the
right jeans or the right pants like
these get bus you know I'm saying and
Tim what does that even mean I don't
know but it sounded cool so yeah so
these are growing on me and I was I got
them early from Seoul Steel so of course
I'm unboxing for you guys so let's do it
so these will be dropping in November
there was a silent release of these on
the Nike sneakers act but it was super
limited sold out instantly and they re
releasing well basically the general
release of it is gonna be on November I
think it's a second Saturday or the
third Saturday of November I can't I
can't remember let's go ahead and open
this up as you guys can see we got the
infamous Jordan 11 box now the Jordan 11
is always saved for holiday season
usually they release some low tops
during the summertime but they usually
save the grand-grand Jordan 11 for the
wintertime and it's the biggest release
of the year and over the past few years
they haven't disappointed and when they
announced that they're doing the red
color way and this colorway I wasn't
really too excited but now that I see
them in person and I've seen them in
pictures and stuff like that I'm
starting to like this sneaker a little
bit more so I cop them and I was like
you know what why not big why not cop
them because one I can show them to you
guys and two I can you know
I guess biome right Jordan 11th always
have that nice packaging the little
thingy right there and here we are
BAM this one is inspired by obviously
Michael Jordan's college team UNC oh god
it's been a minute since I've had that
smell in my life so there's been a few
reviews of these on YouTube so I'm not
going to get too much into it because
there's already been a there's been a
few I think Mike the compass might have
been the first person to bring it to you
guys first thing off the bat that I
noticed is that they didn't go with the
Jordan element cut that they've been
doing the past like couple years they
went with the cut that they did on the
last year Space Jam so it is a higher
patent-leather I mean this is the Jordan
11 you can't complain about the quality
this is a Jordan 11 you either like it
or you don't like it because you don't
like the way it's constructed I
personally like it I like the og high
patent leather look of it a lot of
people don't like that because they're
not used to that but if you actually go
back to the og Jordan 11s that's what it
was like copper drop I'd say this is the
cop if you have the opportunity to cop
these for retail I would say get up man
this is a sneaker where a couple years
from now it could be in the 450-500
price range so if you're able to get it
for retail I would definitely go ahead
and pull that trigger
SiC I was gonna do this unboxing on crew
kicks but uh let's just say stay tuned
channel is coming back I promise
alright guys so fire kicks right here
he's about to see my car for the first
time ready I knew about it the first of
I haven't seen it yet oh yeah yeah you
Milo with you but I never got to
actually see you
what do you think it's so clean it's so
clean and person pictures don't even do
it just it you see the black on black
design right here yeah see that's like a
hidden thing it's hard to tell from
pictures and I didn't get a ticket and I
forgot to put money in the meter so we
went in today so far it's dirty yeah
yeah we're gonna say G so I was driving
past Melrose and there was a available
parking spot right in front of round 2
so I was like you know what I could
spare a few minutes so I'm gonna stop
and around 2 and see if they have
anything just for the hell of it and
hopefully there's time on the meter our
25 bro we went in
all right guys no pickups today there
was a few good things but got to control
myself
guys let's take a freaking ride down
memory lane my old apartment freaking I
don't know why this keeps happening like
lately but I keep getting packages at my
old apartment I don't know who's sending
them last one was from addi does the one
before that was from Stan's but my old
roommate texted me and he said I have
another package here so I gotta come
pick it up but let's just say it we goin
never forget your roots this is where
mr. bill mr. bill and wad you were but I
hated these damn elevators because they
always took so long dance
I got hit up my stance people let them
know I don't live here anymore
honestly this might be one of those
vlogs where we hit the intro a few times
so hit the intro field 360 technology
feel adapts at a body temperature to
keep the foot comfortable all right so
we got these socks right here but it
also comes with this right here which is
Wow adapt to the body temperature to
keep okay we already read that attempt
adaptable okay
premium twist yarns make it two times
more durable than its competition this
is so cool I remember when these are so
dope when I was a kid so it's dope that
they sent me one of these but I gotta
hit them up and say I don't live here
anymore so please stop sending me
packages here okay let's go about our
day alright guys so I know I'm sin the
same spot but basically I went and got
like gift wrap and some gift bags and I
bought my niece these like little cute
house slippers would like the little
bunny on top but I'm gonna start
wrapping these gifts shower up finally
and then I'm gonna head over to their
house because that's the move man that
is the move you guys wish you could flex
these these joins our limited you know
saying I'll take these over the Jordans
any day of the week
