her cousin Nikki Johnny yo Eddie yo turn
the mic up yo it's a prank fam what's up
Oh where's DJ don't ever get into Oxford
fam oh I like to throw back
there's got a nice little pickup we just
had a bomb breakfast ladies I was too
into it we had I had eggs and some
fruits and you know you go take the
shoes off on here it enough yet yeah
side would you come district so we've
been working on this for a little over a
year now and I think we're ready to
finally get all the world yeah
all right here with my band member
Harris also likes to go by death of
desire that's his rock band name oh yeah
and my name is keith musio not first
we're gonna sing a melody that's
inspired by one of our favorite movies
fast seven I need to tune my guitar
first
okay I'm ready
you ready I was all right I was born ice
is death desires and oh we're gonna be a
loser Nikki John and Jane maybe
villanova zindagi
like a rock or it's up over me there's a
very good song baby yeah good singer
other water ain't the one that reminds
me of my mom okay
death by desire your rings inside my
cell to die I don't want any g6 mom
you're a piece of shit tonight second
you know luck be it my room don't call
my phone I will text you ever I want I
just want to listen to simple planning
good Charlotte all day mom shut the hell
up for you don't even like her anymore
that was sure my mom mom yeah you're
right guys that's a preview of our
upcoming rock album rock on it's called
what's our I will called it's called a
few mom if you mom make me fish sticks
all you want is coming out soon we got a
whole lot where's my telephone
I wrote some for yes - I'll see you in
um Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
I'll see you on Friday
five five days interview number two swag
how you feeling about your birthday
another day closer to you being the big
3-0 how does it feel I can't get my real
age like that
she just got too big too - right yeah
the big two - are you gonna bring the
100 back so no like no what about the
chapters the one under it are they
capable of handling they're not it's not
about being capable it's it's about
tolerating the truth and for a lot of
people that's hard to believe
oh my god yes the truth is so
far-fetched now that the lies are coming
above it
it's like mesmerized you didn't even
give a 100 but your explanation of
giving a 100 was a 100 in itself
I gave such a good explanation that I
might even make him register for fall
semester for class
yeah got me thinking about going back to
school and shedding tears right now on
it's the cannot be it was a 100 it was a
100 it's like an invisible 100 you know
what I'm saying you know it's there but
you can't say it was there you know it
just happened to be there that was a
class this is probably top 10 kilo few
moments of all time really
I'm tired too damn tired a able to work
at eight days a week oh yeah we've been
working eight days a week we don't know
what today is but I just tell you this
weekend we're gonna have fun for so I
can birthday swear
who'd what up guys so I'm home right now
the champ is home now and I'm watching
SummerSlam I don't know I think they're
gonna make Seth Rollins win and uh yeah
for all the people that think I'm a nerd
okay you know what I'm enjoying this but
anyway as the World Heavyweight Champion
I should be in attendance but I'm taking
the night off to you know just rest up I
played basketball yesterday I'm tired
you know I just need some rest
pretty much that's it so I'm gonna do
that anyway I'm uploading today's vlog
super late just because you know I had
to do the hour-and-a-half drive back
home posted the new video but this vlog
yesterday's vlog which you guys should
have watched already his fire for the
people that said I fell off somebody
some people told me I fell off and I
needed that you know so I can show you
guys what the crew is capable of living
life showcasing it for you guys and
letting you guys enjoy with the funny
edits and all that good stuff so hope
you guys did enjoy yesterday's vlog
thank you to everyone that helped make
yesterday's video amazing and here comes
the man himself Seth Rollins these are
like two of my favorite wrestlers
honestly
in the white suit Seth Rollins and the
white jumpsuit he looks like the white
ranger he's gonna get eaten up on
Twitter oh my god
I like it I like it anyway I gotta show
you guys something else so I bought this
online because I needed it for a new
video so it's kind of a hint at what
upcoming video is going to be now
although I am the world champion if you
guys know a thing or two about wrestling
there's something else that gets you the
championship pretty much and that's
being mr. money in the bank so from now
on if Harris wants a shot at that
championship he's gonna need to cash his
money in the bank and oh my god I just
notice how hideous my hair looks I'm
sorry for my Shawn hunter comb-over but
money in the bank baby so I had yeah I
had to get this fur I had to get this
for the new video I'm working on and
it's pretty cool too because it opens up
but there's nothing inside right now
anyway yeah I've got pretty much the
whole WWE prop store in my freaking
house now
I'm gonna go watch the match y'all so
I'll seek speak to you soon
what up guys so um this is my little
outro I'm recording from my laptop is
the first time I've opened photobooth on
my laptop in like three years but anyway
this is the closing argument just
kidding
I just want to say guys thank you guys
for your ongoing support since I decided
to start vlogging back up again hope you
guys have enjoyed the last few hope you
guys had a great weekend and have a
great start to the week blah blah blah
Blau like good stuff love you guys
honestly I do I'm not just trying to say
this to get on your good side or
anything you guys are a hundred percent
why why I'm still doing this thing I
don't do it for my own enjoyment I do it
to put smiles on here guys's faces so
yeah man and also side no mean hairs as
you guys saw we're starting our rock
band so make sure you preorder our song
on iTunes it's not available right now
but let's just pretend it is I'm just
kidding we're not making a song but that
would be funny if we did but anyway um
maybe you guys could start a petition
will really make a rock song or
something I don't know anyway um I just
wanted to say also to all the people
that sent me DMS on Twitter I mean on
Instagram of your sneaker collection
it's really hectic I've got over 200 DMS
from you guys of your collections some
people are just showing me pictures of
their boxes which I didn't ask I asked
you guys to send me a picture of your
shoes because I need to see what's in
your collection not just the box so um
if you did send me one just wait
patiently if you do want to get my
attention you can also tweet me tweet me
a picture I think that would probably be
the easiest way to get my attention so
even if you DM me still tweet me so I
can see your collection my Twitter is at
Kai so mark if you if I already follow
you you can DM me on Twitter but I
prefer you just tweet me on Twitter and
definitely I'll follow you back and then
if I could follow you I should be
sending you a DM with info on what I
need you to do for the crew kicks
sneaker video so that's just an update
on that I know everybody's still waiting
for the poster giveaway that I was
supposed to do I'll be doing that this
week as well as we're working
I'm figuring out how we're gonna do the
hoverboard giveaway as well so I'm still
gonna give away the hoverboard so for
all the people that comment everyday
when are you doing this
what are you doing this just hang tight
I'll announce it on these vlogs and yeah
man pretty much it again don't mind much
crazy hair it's all over the place
hope you guys enjoy it again love you
guys I'm about to start my day off
post this vlog and then we will see you
guys tomorrow with another one okay dude
screw my sign go finish it you know I
never know what to say when I end these
so bye guys
q Q right did you do nice cute
