and we'll mix a cracker dream crew
family welcome to another day another
vlog another life another love every
time you see somebody wrote in the
comments that my raps were written don't
you ever get interested son I do not
write my rap those are all free styles
when I work on my mixtape then I will
start writing I don't have a ghostwriter
that's for sure fresh off the last vlog
how many of my people DM me for the if
you guys didn't watch yesterday's vlog I
asked you guys all my sneakerheads if
you guys want your collection to be
showcased on crew cakes my new channel
in September when it launches I'm asking
you guys to DM me a picture of your
entire collection not multiple pictures
just one picture of your entire
collection and if if I like it or and I
want you to be on it I'm gonna ask you
to record your collection for me send it
in and then we feature it on feature it
on cooking so if you have trouble
understanding that watch yesterday's
vlog where I fully explain it that was
just a quick sum so I don't talk too
much but anyway I'm about to go kick it
kick it with Bay right now so let's go
see who Bay is because Bay is Bay and
y'all don't know who they is but here's
Bay alright guys don't wanna date right
now but I can't show you
because she doesn't appear in the blog
alright guys never mind here she is I
must ask you a question later guys as
you guys remember in yesterday's vlog
Harris had
a little problem on he was lining up his
beard or trimming it he's gonna be like
that the whole day 20,000 read minds and
he will show you this mustache read mine
you say you don't want to do it fam fam
Oh
fams bit of freestyle for us yo yo I'm
chillin at the mall I don't go down the
halls because oh I see swagger did he
looks like he was thirsty so he was
sucking on the hey I don't want to say
it we got our water cuz you know ii
didn't thirsty because maybe is he going
so I I even fans raggedy you know me be
done and all your assistants the end
because he likes to suck on dudes hey
look at your guy right there Harry
Harry Styles alright so we left them all
but before we go to Harris's house we're
supposed to meet him at his house but
we're actually coming to Party City
because we have to get fake blood
because I'm gonna attempt to prank
Harris so it's gonna be a good yeah
we're gonna go see if we can find the
fake blood all right guys so we got the
blood super easy to find simple blood
you know from Party City so it's easy
but we're gonna add Harris has texted us
to meet him at the yogurt place so we're
gonna get to me okay are you a yogurt
type of guy are you an ice cream type of
guy your ladies want to know I'm
actually ice cream type of guy but you
know I wouldn't mind you know
so I hear your birthday is next week gee
my birthday is next week the 31st action
so how old are you turning really really
like into the States America 22 on Adams
face time okay so how old are you
turning Feb 22 22 so if you guys want to
send then you strike some birthday cards
to the PIO box I'd appreciate it peal
boxes down below try to send them ASAP
so that he can take them too
I can't see where we're going but
something a snap so we can open them on
camera the whole crew together that
would be dope you guys will record it
will the swags birthday vlog will open
up the birthday wishes that you had sent
to him and then my birthday's in
September so September 21st so if you
want to get your birthday wishes to me
then I'll hold on to them but no gifts
guys just like write letters you know we
don't want gifts you know we can we just
want we want to hear from you guys and
see who they dream who family is and all
that good stuff so but if you want to
send gifts we don't mind but anyway
let's go get our yogurt and let's go
prank Harris after that
I'm a classic my back alright guys if
you're queasy to seeing blood do not
look at the next scene hold on
this is fake though but we got him we
got him good
he's watching the footage right now
you're i fam this looks so ridiculous
like hey the sixth thing when I was
doing off mahadji's one of their videos
that they didn't post I was doing shots
like this like I came up to him like
I know cocoa butter when I smell it cut
ready for tea - but hey it's a pop-up
always in life
all right guys are going ahead liquor
store to get some dreams in sorry
look at this this stuff won't even come
off man it's like permanent just might
not i'm already cooking up some ideas
yeah ain't cooking up nothing
the little beakers watch out for it so
here it's the first time you've gone
without holding something though you're
not you don't use your body to move it's
your feet I don't write finkles Oh what
I don't think you should go towards that
that would be a on Funniest Home Videos
yeah back up back up there you go there
you go G damn side with the quickness he
learned how to do a hella quick fam
that's my bill you still don't pin me J
going we should hang it somewhere and
then have like oh you gonna take the
camera to G alright then fam
let's take my whole life aren't you what
up y'all so I should not be doing this I
should not be playing basketball but
we're playing basketball my knee is weak
I'll never get a complaint cuz ya'll
just talking about me what's up
what's up man what you got on fam I just
want to know like are you a bag of
skittles or something I mean Cavs tip
Joey oh my god riff-raff and JB got a
song coming out together I'm so high
I've got to go hoop though
it's gonna die any second now honestly
so it's a bad time for you to learn
because when it dies it just shuts off
and you fall oh here we go
first three-pointer with the hoverboard
ever on YouTube
bounce pass guys oh my gosh yeah threw
me off
youngkyu Rizal
Oh Harris with the clutch and one big
Satan hairs okay this looks like they've
been on the other court hey oh okay I
don't have 19 points game points right
here waffle in Harris's face this is how
you shoot
photoshop's for pictures okay these are
all my crew members right here members
hi guys so we ended the night after
basketball we went home we showered and
now we're here to play basketball you're
gonna play two games so hopefully I can
win here ago sick fighters is that a
world tour your girls too
holy you get it go
we
what's up guys
a Vinton
I just woke these guys bowling game 1
I'm looking up again oh there it is it
reduced supply - so here's one both
games a bowling I lost by like three
points each round but you know martial
arts bruh it's what I do I don't know
why you play against me whatever
no I decide to go bowling but it was
still fun though
my name is Harrison I like sausage
anyway we're gonna end the vlog here
that's disgusting fan cover we're gonna
end the vlog here talking to all the
homies that DM me their sneaker
collection some of you guys just DM me
the box I don't want to see the box we
want to see what's in the boxes so take
you so if you guys don't know what I'm
talking about watch yesterday's vlog
yeah so we'll see you guys tomorrow
we're fat asses right McDonald's line
but I'm not eating liar got three
cheeseburgers I said give me one
cheeseburger
give me like four I've been eating so
good the past two days bro you're gonna
be on vacation I don't know mother
alright guys any last words fam
so I love you stay blessed stay positive
maybe a life to the fullest tomorrow
thanks for the tag and you qu right oh
did you do
