yeah hey oh thanks for when you come
tomorrow please bring my belt trample
you tapped algae see I'm not I'm not I'm
not afraid to show you guys who I am but
I'm not doing shit and when I wake up
all these other youtubers they get up
get ready let me get ready okay good
morning flawed camera what stop no you
just turn it on her we just act like
we'd seven our day started getting on it
anyway getting my day started with some
breakfast healthy breakfast so welcome
to cooking with kies
episode some 50-something I don't know
today we're gonna be making oatmeal good
old old meal shots out to mr. colonel
that's not mr. Colonel but in order to
make oatmeal you gotta make it good how
do you make it good you ask well then
let's move over here to the kitchen get
some strawberries some definitely some
organic blueberries and going to need
some milk we'd like to get reduced fat
milk and then since we're going to leave
our kitchen which is in the living room
and we're going to attempt to pick up
all this stuff with one hand should get
it in their skills now let's move to our
living room so there's our ingredients
right here for our oatmeal you'll
definitely need a microwave I believe
I'm the first person in the family to
use it I'm going to undo yes this thing
make sure there's not like plastic
covers or anything all right so this is
a variety pack but we're definitely
going to go with the maple brown sugar
today so as as you guys can see which we
get all every grain in there you know
soon and where's our measuring cup Nancy
Nancy not damn it Nancy ask you for one
freaking thing and you can't deliver
there's a goddamn measuring cup
found it all right two-thirds milk mix
it round and round okay microwave on
HIGH for one to two minutes and then
stir again so come on over here and our
Bowl is not microwave friendly it's okay
130 so we're gonna do a minute and a
half and then that's easy
and now you just wait in the meantime
let's go ahead and cut some strawberries
up guys it's been a minute 30 seconds
later our lovely since the nancy has not
done jack crap for us but we get the
ball out here and you can see we got our
oatmeal nice and sexy smooth this thing
over here Rebecca Eduardo hey you're
duardo Sam the strawberries that I could
I didn't show you guys my strawberry
technique but 10,000 revines and i will
show you guys for sure the main priority
in today's oatmeal is going to be
strawberries so I'm not going to add too
many blueberries I'm just going to add
three these are not even blueberries or
blackberries my bit juice in there and
there we go ladies and gentlemen give it
a nice little stir mix of fruit open a
mix of strawberries and blackberries in
there there we go cooking what case
morning special hope you guys enjoy oh
my god um love you guys this is not a
crime scene so what if I'm about to get
on google+ with harrison swag we're
gonna have a little talk but usually
when i get on google plus i put some
wrestling music on and i make a grand
entrance and they always going all what
great bosses it's gonna be killer foot
ya know like that up all of a sudden
brother clothes annum fuckin who does
palabras
this is you nothing we generate stupid
at times
what's up what's up fam stuffy the
chance here hunter get the shot
undergoing my hair yeah hey oh thanks
for when you come tomorrow please bring
my belt trample you tapped algae what
are you covering her fam with you cover
e huh with you covering I shaved my
mustache right no let me see no so sigh
captain you can see this no that's all
you're getting you still have a beard
though I'm not gonna be in the vlog
tomorrow guys yes I got the beer oh I'll
take that belt tomorrow just bring it
second put in my room you can use it as
your new mustache fam so no this is not
the same day as yesterday with the
cooking tutorial um today Saturday the
day you're watching this so like many of
my sneaker heads I woke up early to go
try to cop the easies off of pac sun and
finish line and that was unsuccessful I
didn't wake up for footlocker and all
those websites I did make up an Adidas
tweeted the link and they did this thing
and I waited about 30 minutes and then
it said sold out so I did not get the
easies sucks but that's okay guys you
know that day goes on hopefully if it's
meant to be it's meant to be i'll get my
pear at the end of the day I'm still the
World Heavyweight
champion ah I have to announce something
and this is for all my sneaker heads out
there I'm doing something a little bit
different I had this idea in mind a
while to go but I just held off on it
because I've been saving it for crew
kicks the channel so this is what it is
I want to put you guys on crew kicks
there's a lot of you guys who I want to
see your collection but I don't live in
your area I don't visit your state's
that'll visit your countries but here's
the chance to be on YouTube and be on my
channel and beyond what could be one of
the best sneaker channels out there so I
want to see your guys's collection and
if I like it I want you to videotape
your collection and send it to me and
then you will be part of crew kicks so
this is what we're doing so I'm gonna
have you guys DM me a picture on
Instagram of your entire collection just
one picture don't send me 50 pictures of
each you I just want one picture with
all your shoes in that one picture I'm
gonna reply back to it and I'm gonna
tell you whether or not i want it i want
you to be on the show so basically if i
hit you up and i tell you that i like
your collection i want you to pretty
much have someone film you showing off
your collection um not on an iphone
camera i'm not going to be accepting
iphone camera videos I want real camera
so either a video camera or a DSLR or if
you have a like good quality camera
you're going to be eligible to be on it
basically you guys are gonna just be
like you guys have seen the way we do
our sneak peeks you know I hold the
camera and i videotape hair showing off
his kicks you're going to need someone
to video tape you showing off your cakes
show your personality talk about your
stories why you enjoy sneakers all that
good stuff I'll get more into that when
I see the pictures but yeah send me one
picture
and we're going to start I'm going to
start asking you guys to start filming
those within the next 2-3 weeks so that
when the channel launches I have a
couple episodes ready so again if your
sneaker head and you want to showcase
your collection on YouTube this is your
chance chance all you got to do is send
me a DM on instagram it's at Chi
Cellmark you IAS oma are with the
picture of your entire collection and
then we will move forward from there all
right love you guys I'm sorry I do not
have a full long blog for you but
tomorrow's blog will be fired because
I'll be with Harris and so I got like
you guys always enjoy and I'm still the
world champion and I told Harris as you
saw in yesterday's Google+ that I will
be defending my championship against
them tomorrow so Harris I'm ready for
you everybody else find out who wins the
championship it's cool that we're gonna
actually put that up when it tomorrow
SummerSlam so let me give you my
SummerSlam predictions as well I believe
that Undertaker will be Brock Lesnar in
the main event I believe John Cena will
beat Seth Rollins in the WWE
Championship a match but i have to say
that i won Seth Rollins to win I feel
like J&J security and Kane are going to
return to help him win I still think
John Cena's going to come out on top I
think Sheamus is going to be Randy Orion
as much as I want and you want to beat
Sheamus I don't think Sheamus is going
to cash in so those are my Summer Sun
prediction so I'm the World Heavyweight
Champion thank you for watching I will
see you guys tomorrow and it is crew
mother effing season Bowie looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal then feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like
a lot of voices of my
