and then we're going to a few more other
stores so the mission for Yeezys is
still on join us will you
aw damn I'm a Louisiana no mater and I
get that shit accumulated never thought
money had a boomerang they finally
famines over everything that's a
limerick really yeah the time I'm
leaving
no you want it so tariffs o'clock g-men
you gotta see the people before they
leave they'll see you in two weeks a
scholarship and st. no tuition for
having no way ambition and ain't no long
for sitting your wedding hi guys we are
about an hour away from home now and a
lot of people asking me on Twitter and
Instagram and in the YouTube comments
actually am I gonna cop to 350 low black
whatever they're called but come on now
you guys know if we got Kanye Kanye's
name on it I'm a high beast for it
because i'm a huge Kanye fan so I have
to have it so of course I'm gonna go for
the black pair unfortunately I do not
have any connects or hookups or any of
that will be s so I'm gonna be hunting
for them like a true sneaker head will
be I'm hoping you will be the first pair
of Yeezys that I get for retail because
I definitely eat a lot of hair
which sucks and you guys know me like I
wear my Easy's like to other people they
viable wow this is super scary right
here I don't know why but it is just so
dusty and I feel like I'm about to get
lost into a tornado right now anyway
we'll survive write to me as a Kanye fan
it's just something I have to have the
love of sneakers the love of Kanye put
up together that's his collector's item
this is gonna be with me till the day I
die these will be passed on to my
children or whoever that I decide to
give them to you know what I'm saying so
these are shoes that mean a lot to me so
hopefully I can get the black easy lows
and I will be on the hunt for them with
all my sneaker heads tomorrow so good
luck to everyone I hope the real real
people who want to actually buy and wear
the shoe get get to get up yeah look how
beautiful that is like it was just all
dusty and Sandy and then BAM look how
beautiful oh god man and went from take
care to nothing was the same and now we
go to the views baby computers would off
y'all so I'm finally in bed but we still
gotta edit so I can't just sleep I've
been home for the past few hours oh but
look at my messy room shoes everywhere
wait a minute who's that so the hell are
you so tomorrow we're going to San
Francisco like I was telling you guys
about the easies whoa there's a store
list of stores getting them so we're
gonna go try to enter all the raffles
that we can so it's like any last words
and keep it eight more than 92 wait you
wanna hear sickened by 1738 man went to
go watch Straight Outta Compton for the
fifth time
like what anyway oh yeah so people
wanting to know about the Joker possibly
giveaway it's coming soon also I just
found out that I'm gonna be doing
another giveaway for something that I've
been using a lot in the vlogs you guys
are anything what I'm talking about
hoverboard
on the poster I'm gonna give away a
hoverboard - what yeah I can't choose
you to win us for them so guys I'm give
a hoverboard away the people that gave
me that they're gonna they want to give
unto my audience and I was like hell
yeah we gonna hook up audience so we're
trying to figure out how we want to give
it out right now but just know guys
hoverboard gut boo all right sorry the
camera disconnected but I mean the
commemorate cargo flight to do these
some but yeah
hoverboard giveaway coming up coming
soon when I figure it out
Joker poster have giveaway will probably
be tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog or the
day after that and then I will see you
tomorrow and stuff y'all bein that stuff
right now
and early 9:38 a.m. like how you feelin
but you know for the love of sneakers we
are out here that's up trying to win
this raffle for the easy know who sent
mine it's literally wrapped around like
it's
it's fine 300 maybe 400 people oh it's
like 500 I think out of 500 they
probably have like 30 pairs hopefully
one of us gets it right watch on forever
all right let's get in this line man
half the people in this line don't even
want to dance
are you selling half the people don't
even know what the shoe is they're just
family members you know it's great let's
see what happen hi guys we come to the
line this guy right here he already has
them on like what are you doing why why
you gotta do this to everyone fam I got
this mm-hmm
he said he wasn't you watch coolkid's
right yeah thank you your shadow is
really no joke Thank You Man
appreciative what's your favorite video
you asked the main other for just always
say like your collection yeah your
collection that you reveal is really
we got we got more coming time King bro
thank you thank you guys what's the odds
family point zero zero zero two
Google by the last four numbers
Jassa told me so it's a follow me on
instagram it's dynamite
did you in the easies ever oh no did you
go to undefeated yeah we didn't get off
alright man alright so quick update from
the city put the camera down we did not
win the undefeated raffle but I love the
way they do it they do it to where you
entered the raffle they give you a
ticket they put it in the box and then
they pick it in front of everyone so
it's none of that
shady behind-the-scenes stuff you know
I'm saying so shout out undefeated go
off right now that person one person not
one person like 20 people one right one
person one then he went to the other
store waited brought his two kids and I
think it was his mom
resale game strong you gotta support the
family you know I'm saying anyway we're
gonna go we entered another store too
and then we're going to a few more other
stores so the mission for Yeezys is
still on join us will you alright guys
so we just went to our third store bait
so technically we vote enter all I need
to do this I'm gonna give my point to
you little driving to get into the
raffle for me we entered we went to
another store called bait where they did
the raffle and this was so dope like I
actually bought something I bought it
nice little laptop case I'll show you
guys really nice yeah there's some dope
figurines that involved it but so we're
going to the mall now so we can enter
for PacSun and champs so and I don't
know if what Jesus is doing it still but
we'll see but anyway I hope everybody
else is sneaker hunting for the easies
are going good and I hope this helps off
for people who are wondering how to buy
sneakers so this is basically how to how
to buy sneakers how to get the sneakers
you want on release date so yeah without
a bot but you know it's just about luck
you know the fate yeah
if you have a four-leaf clover then your
chances are way
ha field we just sent two packs of
actually willing into a drew apple foot
better than zero man now we are leaving
this city you know what a beautiful
scene the trolleys I'm going up the
trolley for a selfie for you guys this
is an exclusive crew kicks
I've input
got him team
Tale of Two Cities explicit before
anyone seen it you see not yeah you're
gonna see that wh he post other
instagrams or instagrams is this becomes
a book or do they wait the pictures
ready for the book no more one hundreds
no chapter one no more all talked about
in the vlogs we're gonna retire the 100
days and gentlemen I present you okay
guys the 100's are retired for now but
we're doing the vlog chapters again so
if this vlog it's 4,000 Mike's history
will be made we will get chapter one in
person from so make it happen alright
guys you gotta go find the car now we
need to wake up that early so I get
daddy's there girls call you so I get
daddy
whoa whip game whip game clay nothing
feels better than when you walk up to
your car and you ain't got a ticket on
the dashboard
you feel me I'm never gonna say anything
but we'll meet like moving a large cap
in the squad goals at midnight
I'm about to get jump in on this thing
where could they be possibly going that
demon those these guys have lights like
there was it I'm wondering why they're
roaming around the streets at freaking
midnight anyway I just left the gym and
then I went to go get groceries for the
next week and a half because as you guys
know I'm a fat pizza and I got to get on
my grind again so I went to go buy a
whole bunch of fruits and OPL and salads
and yogurts and 3,500 for the coat I
just felt really good when I went to the
gym hit the sauna got the sweat dripping
ready to go home take a shower get to
work on some writing some scripts for
the next few videos I have one video
that I wanted to release this Sunday but
I can't release is this Sunday because I
don't have a problem the props coming in
Monday let's move over here to the
renovated kitchen with the new washer
oven microwave Oh where's the that's
right there I think needs to be moved
there we go guys late night snack
strawberries how about a week ago I
would have had pita or something on
purpose here we go okay so first things
first remember earlier I told you I
bought him a bag from that store bait
I bought this dope laptop bag so I told
you guys I had to all of a sudden edita
sneakers to show you guys big shout out
to adidas for making quality first off
before we get into the slippers since
you can't see their slippers now
obviously don't think about it all
they're custom shoes although my ID does
come with the lights little dust bag
like for slippers like probably not even
gonna use it but it's still dope that
they threw it in there but anyway I
present to you guys the crew
oops their crew seasoned custom slippers
check it out
embroided - it's not like iron dawn or
anything that is fully embroidered with
the leather strap and then I requested
gold on the inside but it kind of looks
more yellow than gold on the inside as
you can kind of compare but you know so
cool another my adidas y'all ready for
this bang out now this is my first pair
of tubulars but first off the bag let's
get into it y'all
inspired by one of the sneakers that
I've been trying to get for a while now
but it's like impossible to find for a
good price and to find in my size these
are inspired by the king push it D does
the Pusha T adidas collab shoes I just
love of the colorway it's like that
creamy creamy buttery light light light
light light brown and the materials are
a go on these you know and the only bad
thing about these is that adidas messed
up on him I asked them to make the shoe
say King Kai's they made it say ice king
I gotta talk to them tomorrow and see if
they can you know do anything about that
but I really don't want to send the back
or anything because it already took long
enough so honestly just probably gonna
just keep them like this and I really
like a man so definitely if you guys are
into adidas you know adidas is slowly
starting to come up thanks to Kanye I
personally think Kanye is definitely
responsible for a lot of people hopping
on adidas including myself I will admit
that and they're just really seeing
comfortable
dope Styles dope colorways these are the
same price as buying a regular pair from
a store you know I'm saying they don't
overcharge just because they're customs
which is sick and their customization
like the my adidas part of the shoe let
me get a good angle let me focus this so
for you guys follow so like actually the
actual my adidas of the shoe is lasered
in there it's not like printed on its a
actually lasered so ain't nothin it
ain't going nowhere
another my adidas that I got a while ago
was this one and this is the dream crew
one and I actually got these through the
my adidas app where you can put your own
picture I mean my own little thing on
Photoshop and I just like put it on
there shoutout to adidas man to kill in
the game right now honestly
Nike watch out are y'all that does it
for today's vlog man hope he did guys
did guys did hope you guys did enjoy um
like I said don't mind my slick hair I
can't even stand looking at it so I'm
just gonna poof it up a little bit have
a good night
tomorrow I'll be be I will be painting
this wall again spend time with your
family I've done this a million times
but you can never spend too much time
with family so everybody spend time with
your family this weekend make that a
requirement make it make it a must get
out of the house put your phones down
get off of YouTube get off the TV get
off the computers go hang out with your
family alright love guys
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it start
