the waters like a river and I just use
my imagination I created my own boat and
turned it to my creation whatup guys so
today we are filming in Hollywood
straight up start the vlog out first let
me say hi I haven't said hi hi okay I'm
not too busy but we released videos
today
obviously I'm cruising down and we're
gonna film in Hollywood because we need
the stars for this video and it's kind
of hot but we decided to film later in
today's so it got a little bit of chilly
but yeah we gonna have a good time and I
left my vlog camera at home at Hoffman's
house so that's why I'm using my phone
so the quality is gonna kind of suck but
it's all good
alright so we'll see you guys anyway
guys so part of the YouTube life
yesterday we showed him the first
struggle which is yeah staying on set
for like hours and trying to get the
videos done the pranks the second
struggle is some time ideas don't work
out so he came to film for my I wanted
to do a prank I don't know if I should
say because I might do it later
I came to do a prank in Hollywood
waffles what is this area for vote act
theater waka stars I don't think it's
called for Aikido anymore but it didn't
work out there's just too much movement
going on and it's we can't get the right
angles and all that stuff but we're
gonna film for them next and we're at
Wild Wings right now
and I'm looking like Justin Bieber right
now yeah honestly like meeting him at
Coachella was like top five moments of
my life
he's a cool I think he's cool that you
know he's a dick I mean yeah he's a day
but I'm saying like his music yeah yeah
well at least he gave me the he do this
to you
yeah cuz I was I went to give up my hand
to shake it and then he just went like
this in any look they never tell this
story when I met Kanye I didn't meet
Kanye well he's walking out Kanye while
you told me yet pehle and Kanye was
walking out everyone starts trauma but I
was like one of the first one that get
up there was like Kanye Kanye getting
security guards and I went up like this
is dappled I'll say hey this is one my
beautiful like this like this Kobe story
so what happened I commercial my high
school right and everybody was stand in
front of the gym by went to the back cuz
I had some Intel and I come out from the
back and he comes out from the back and
I put my hand and he bowed my head a
what's up cheese and yeah my my speaking
you know you can put a quote on my fault
it was just like what's up cheese
that's time Loki you met Kendrick Lamar
right oh yeah ok but Kendrick Lamar was
uh he was working out of my high school
so I'm at Kendrick Lamar it's pretty
huge cool dude I like he thinks I have
photoshopped a picture obviously I did
not but in same picture no Kendrick
Lamar is super cool dude this is when
was it before it's last one I wasn't
kidding with the name it was a Lucy bro
it's like what the hell what's going me
the white van
no no yeah I know what is that I won't
call the people are yelling out right
now by when I met him awesome a pop song
hey you guys he's 7 foot so let me later
mine
Kenji Kenji Kenji Oh gooky mad city I
haven't found it yet but became a city I
just remembered I just remembered
where's the Kenji picture oh right there
yeah Straight Outta Compton
you see Photoshop that it's not
photoshopped bro he's all leaning on me
I was like you're not you got to sort of
lean on at their feet yeah shouts out to
Kendrick Duke collab by mood Brothers
Kendrick Lamar come you know we just
don't appreciate a comment so you know
check that out ok dot that boy looking
like a Hollywood star with the Rose run
dude boys miss melny that's ever been
seen bro she runs a soup
y'all gonna throw some shade at me but
one day fam just wait on it we gonna be
on these stars my name's gonna be on the
stars so not only did my video not work
here but RV didn't work either guys but
Hollywood is not the place to film
because it's too much going on but
whatever you learn you have to learn and
experience you know people are just too
you see somebody to keep walking you
know it's hectic like yeah people
thought we were like when we're like
trying to walk up to them and do stuff
they thought we were like trying to sell
them stuff like there's so many like
fake spider-man's and people trying to
hand out flyers and stuff like that out
here that is ridiculous but anyway I
gotta check with my uber is coming so
another uber drive right now
we go by like amigo
okay Sunday night
city of dreams right now I feel it in my
system
take the camera family I got it I got a
spit one for you guys this guy was about
a drop like the hottest mixtape fire
let's get it
there's a given I'm gonna drop the
hottest mixtape y'all can and have in
taxable Oh
battery
did Charlie get off
bull riders do that to guys are till it
dies the
y'all came at me sideways I'll turn
y'all straight it's like I'm going
fishing I just need a little babe the
waters like a river and I just use my
imagination I created my own boat and
turned it to my creation yeah everything
I say it has a story behind it
I'll be shooting threes like the Bulls
like I was Heinrich oh but I never take
time off while I do a little like DeRose
it's only because I got some injuries
and come kicking it with side hoes damn
what's Urban Outfitters man beat them
one on three oh okay all these are the
youtubers in the game and they're not
even real it's like you found me on
discount like I was a steal I could keep
going for days I ran I'm not a rapper
I've never been violent but your girl I
swear I'll kidnap her
put her in a place the freestyle isn't
ending this is the beginning of the
ending damn I shout out to the homie
yeah what's your name
Teddy shout-out to Teddy wait where did
you originally see their video you saw
their video first yeah yeah
back home we came he's out thanks for
saving something good meeting you
hey what's up y'all another day in LA
the homeboy Jamie show them the wrist
where new watch alert your boys
strolling down that hoverboard life all
day every day I'm gonna take this shit
to their for it when I go to Virginia
October but you saw amazed right now you
never seen no we gonna get him on this
he's gonna bust his ass anyway we
outside of riff we're about the good rip
just chill for a minute you have all
right we have rip with the homies it was
done
city watching the vlog so high man thank
you we go here we go all I have asked is
keep a more than 92 with me was like I'm
swaggin I'm swaggin
watch out for post Malone though he's on
the cameraman he's someone to look out
for oh all of a sudden he's a Trojan fan
I peace be like USC fan weekends at UCLA
but you guys are you ceiling love nice
yep yeah yes sir what's good family even
we had the mall right now what's up bro
something how you doing say hi to the
people this is little sister hey yeah
yeah she's part of the crew officially
now you guys have seen her in their
vlogs but she's making her first public
appearance GOP history
she's actually replacing swag so filling
in the calories chapter 3 chapter
chapter 3 what is it gonna be titled
awareness replacement chapter 3
replacement so I'd be like what's up
them all right guys exclusive right now
you guys know this man carries fire
around okay we've seen his his
collection back at college
but today we're getting the classics a
look at his collection from his hometown
of to town El Segundo reppin ladies and
gentlemen right now I'm gonna give you
guys a sneak preview over the crew kicks
channel what we have in store for you
ladies and gentlemen the sneaker
collection of what up what up its your
boy Prince so almost all of em you got
it some kicks over there let's start out
over there oh yeah let's go let's walk
over there first of all he got the OKC
color room going on right now hopefully
you know I'll watch home before I start
with the kicks what the kicks mean to me
right here yeah these are my my kick
medals oh yeah these digs so right there
you know okay I'm gonna start off with
something basics back in the day y'all
Chuck's we're cool bands were cool but
like the tees were even better
that's some next-level shit that did not
a lot of cameras a sample a sample to
sample so you might not see it it's
something basic right yes now this one
of my personal faves the Kobe fours
oh my basketball shoe you can see high
school high school boy was dunking a lot
done a lot of people on these make some
big moves with this one so this is by
far my favorite coffee shop ever worn
one word to describe that shoe and what
you did in that cheer one word to
describe this shoe is power power okay
what's going on in this picture
did you like like a fly come right here
whoa so this one I ran down the thing
and at räikkönen started the dougie at
the end and everyone ready you can see
they're clapping because you know my
boys and I get all the girls in white
hood and I'll show you a little bit this
this is a little art damn new logo for a
hat go for how you know I said it was
inspired by the Lupe Fiasco first album
so a meta Mahmood who made that you know
things
Madonna thing in never-never land
okay so I'm gonna start with the basic
these are the original Jordan 1ls
lifestyles they were real good cool shoe
you can see they're inspired by the
Jordan ones and you can see this this
air the journal ins fan
yeah but inspired by Jordan ones because
you know the lifestyles edition yeah so
and this is a new material right here to
that and didn't put souls in them back
in the day see you wore those without
souls
why didn't you just take Souls from
another shoot you know what because
sometimes in the sneaker game you've got
a good earned respect and that's how you
earn respect in my hood damn town
this was another what if I wanted to
beat people up track spikes and ice as
usual you know I got these for free most
of my shit I got from free from the plug
shoutout to the plug I got some uh this
was a classic you know when I start on
them when I went to that 18 and over
clubs 13 and under I got first ones the
golden edition
damn everyone's joints everyone's
jumping on the Air Force Ones but you've
been on it I've been on it Finn my clown
on let's get a closer look at this yeah
look at the laser print right here
trying to get the new laser print when
it first came out already found and
these are almost close to dead stock
close to this near dead star and I got
what else I'm talking I see plastic with
the chucks as usual you know you got to
have some of the house in LA
another pair of track spikes you know
your boy was hurdling so I hit it and it
kind of got messed up sided tape it
around but you know I was moving fast
and then I got some of these some Nike
as B's some you know some chill stuff
you know for skating for this back to
skater days and one of my prized
possessions stop first Nike SB a gold
box the Google box please check out the
box you can see the dust is still on
there because you know I stayed dead
stop and shout out to swaggity don't
worry your sneakers and check these out
guys so original ovo Nike SB s these are
dead stock as you guys can tell change
them up with the green laces size 10
these were my high school you know first
ever Nike SB dunk my father like I
looked at my looked up too big you know
shoe heads and this is the first shoe I
got so be sure to this one right here
and any feel I am right now in the mood
of selling up so please DM me if you
want to you know
size 10 and these go out for like at
least cool to 300 dollars so you know
I'm gonna hook you guys up for maybe
like 400 that's actually my my
collections for you know back at home
and you know tune in next time once I go
to who-knows-where for my new collection
all right we got one sneaker question
for you yes out of all these shoes I got
one question is collection it's amazing
he's got some fire we've never seen
before and um yeah we're really excited
about to have you on the show thank you
so much sir
thank you I love crew kicks
you got some files downstairs if you
know what I mean you know the Mehmood
hospital stays fighting
bring on a special gear nobody showed up
fam and just just ready yeah hey welcome
welcome
what'd you get I'll tell ya okay oh yeah
we back at the world-famous crib and so
Jamie took me to this place right across
the street from Rick check this out
y'all fruity pebble doughnut hole so I'm
about to go in on this
this is relationshipgoals this is diet
goals right here so to all the people
hating on my my diet and everything this
is for you guys all right time you sure
you don't want something
you guys wanna watch part one of the
collection here's just a preview are you
trying to go back and look through all
the blog's to find it we had 200 vlog
spam you know saying hi that's you
that sugar right there like I don't
think i'ma take another bite of this
it's too much fat too much sugar looking
at the frame they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I still my
mission got the same goal same feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life
