my hand I'm the man I rap I made films
and I'm hanging out with dudes from
Pakistan oh oh wait so I can hear our
city is going into a car karaoke for you
but on you
oh my fucking
we are officially about that la life
right now we finally made it and you
know you're in LA I say this every time
you know you're in la-la land when you
see the traffic about to go meet up with
some special guests that have never been
in my vlogs before you guys are about to
see history being made right here all
right next scene is going down in QoP
history in youtube history all right
move your foot a little forward get a
feel of it
see how sensitive it is so when you have
two feet all your money all your yeah
okay wait keep your foot straight like
you're standing there you go another
first time we're right here
just dance 3 I'm steady okay I'm
standing yes it's now tilt your feet a
little forward
why'd you
you think that you having a seizure fell
Oh yo now Leona
I can't tell if you're going cuz you
know how to do it oh just cuz it's
downhill oh my god once you get a feel
you're good I think it's the man but
what games you know what you can do we
can do this what games do you have for
Xbox okay I suck it okay let's play for
you for them I'm about to play fifa I've
only won one game in my life and that
was Justin yeah if you want to come get
a fem Xbox are taking over the house BAM
there's a TV turn on with it there we go
we out here telling the Xbox to turn on
we're not walking around the house we're
gliding around the house like 2015 is
upon us family alright so I just came up
with a million dollar idea and I'm just
gonna give it to you guys because I'm
not probably never gonna pursue the
dream that you might have of making this
come true but some if one of you guys do
end up inventing this I want like at
least 20% share of the whole company but
imagine if you have one of these and you
add a vacuum to it and just clean your
whole house like that's so convenient
and like it's fun at the same time can I
ask you a question
pretend you're Street person hype has
vacuum e ever been fun for you yes no no
but now it can be my back ok so we are
outside
I can't really tell you guys what
happened but we pretty much got pranked
by the Bollywood King weekend I'm not
gonna talk about either just no day guys
or is it or is it her
is it super we're waiting for our uber
driver uber she said no pie
Oh Hoover's here so I'm being a complete
douchebag and riding my hoverboard
around Urban Outfitters
YouTube life am i said YouTube live what
a nose get those something my hips
honestly something my head would rock
one day like you'll just not even like
like he'll like low-key just beyond
snapchat be like what up Mondays and
then you go down to the street and it
goes back to himself but anyway I'm
about to eat everybody's gotta close
it's almost 9 o'clock I need an outfit
for the video we're shooting tomorrow
for my channel and but I didn't find
anything oh this is dope
Roscoe's no yeah I might have to call
them oh my love
all right guys so we are done with urban
bow to go eat and then we're gonna start
filming a little video for my either
crew kicks the new channel or the main
channel I don't know yet depending on
how good
I admit thinks he's a freaking expert
over here I'm just waiting for him to
fall on his face but you will but anyway
man it feels really good to be in LA
anytime I'm in LA I just get that vibe
the hustle bah it's a grind vibe and you
know soon I can't speak on it too much
but soon the boy might be coming back
you know I have to go DeRose though make
my return
come on babe
damn I didn't get you he's just like he
didn't fall at all he's like well I got
the stinky shirt I copped that Star Wars
shirt these fools got $20 van you both
let him know I got only one painting
come ups and then I returned something
you think I like so if anyone
a new new segment YG wednesdays how to
steal how to get good steals on cat
shopping why do you watch Wednesday
why do us Wednesdays they wait on it
guys so we are at UCLA right now it's
like what time is it like 10:00 o'clock
I'm not stopping so he just played the
sneaker challenge yeah I can't say
anyone don't say someone OBO Thirteen's
it was it was a good competition both
men came with great answers with speaker
names but we need to know a name for the
show right now we're calling it guest
the sneaker right so we need guess that
sneaker we need more of a unique name so
cuz I'm gonna do different contestants
so right now
Mahmood bros or the first ones but yeah
but anyway we're gonna wrap up I don't
know we're gonna do now but we'll see
okay motherfuckers sup guys so another
day in LA well a full day now and today
is grind mode camera work we are going
to Venice Beach the film originally we
were going to go to Hollywood but we
said let's be smart businessmen and just
go tomorrow because we were supposed to
go twice we're supposed to go today and
it go again tomorrow but instead we're
just gonna go a full day tomorrow
I'm directing today and I'm shooting for
these guys I'm sauce and I'm stop saying
I'm saying oh you so yeah oh my god what
is this we got the cast of
what does that thing YMCA over here I'm
gonna go get my Gucci I'm here any
all right okay so what he's about to
spit a freestyle right now I do tell
them me to freestyle but I said what's
my staff fam you spit one you got that I
can't do it the way you do it man
oh my god oh my god she'll float I
haven't got the authority we walking
down the street trying to beat his Mead
no PG 3j we're going down venoth
cruising the streets yes I've locked you
out in one two and three yeah
I just want to know here you got I can't
I can't wrap it blog you got a voice
right now see which way we're going to
go in the right lighting Taliban you
know you're good at something called you
for something you know upset except my
audience I love you goat sir
listen I'm about to spit a freestyle so
here we go when I see this fool I'm like
yo you ain't a pro keep walking you in
the d-league
hey hey you just need to pray I'm from
the Bay but I'm staying in LA I got my
camera in my hand I'm the man I rap I
make films and I'm hanging out with
boots from Pakistan freestyle guys is
changing the tires over there it's gonna
take them a while oh I don't care man I
get uber z' everyday I don't drive
anywhere it's like I'm I've had my
license taken away
swag daddy you're killing the game huh
yeah I killing the game it's still
recording
Oh mixtape coming soon Real Talk I'm
gonna drop a mixtape just for fun you're
gonna be on it FEM hey just give me on
the vocal see an Arab amor vocalist like
oh you're like a Chris man yeah so I'll
do like the freezes I'll do the worst
and then you come yeah why'd I have a
song and then I comes in at the end it
says some foul shit like yeah grassing
you in the club last night with them
penny yeah see it's good its mitts meant
to be found laughing I'm sorry
so again guys
why yesterday on the white Kobe by Kobe
white anyway guys we went for the uber
right now
you guys ready to go to work do it like
I said so on my channel and helping out
these guys like I want to do more behind
the camera stuff so you're not gonna see
me in a lot of the prank skits you'll
see me but when I do like pranks and
stuff I'm gonna be more behind the
camera and just having like Harris do it
or somebody else do it or things like
that so your boys taking a back seat and
literally back seat so cuz yeah I mean I
want to put more creativity put my
creative thoughts into the video process
what I'm saying so it's not always about
to being the star of the show when you
can create create great content great
great content generates great content
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the YouTube playground for pranks every
youtuber who does pranks has made a
video on this in this area as you guys
can tell from all this familiar
territory and we came on a perfect day
after day game plan and start shooting
oh boy
Venice Beach ain't ready or maybe they
are luckily I don't have to take control
my six-pack you know see like those two
guys right there perfect all right guys
we got a hurt get your address then you
gotta start faking people you're gonna
keep the man button in town so we out
here carving right now boy how's it feel
watch a new video our Frank coming
Alberti out its audio yeah you guys hot
or what we out here up the architecture
you already know what it is
the architect I've not that architecture
the architect hey when these guys fight
behind the scenes you guys don't see the
fights they got some funny fights I
usually you know when you're around a
couple and they fight in front of you or
some friends and they fight in front of
you it's awkward these guys entertaining
entertaining yeah what does he call you
next step mate
fighting with a mother watching fighting
with up watching anyway there's a gospel
over here of a whole bunch of wine I
ever since I remember we're moving
around because we've got in pretty much
YouTube's life if you stay in one spot
for so long and starts dying down so we
got to move around and find some new
victims but we're getting some good
reactions man that's all that matters
and then after this we're going to do a
challenge prank video which is like
we're gonna pull something out of a hat
I can't really see what it is we're
gonna pull something out of a hat and
then from there we're gonna whoever
pulls don't have to do that brain but
it's like how different I can't really
say but it's gonna be before my time
yeah check up with you guys in a minute
six hours later guys we are finally done
so the video that we just finished up
which was picking up girls in weird ways
the challenge video it went from just
being a fun challenge video to being a
freaking a lesson like this is it
couldn't have come out any perfect
perfect er is that a word it's perfect
there a word
perfect it's not but we're not making it
work we're gonna make it work it
couldn't have come out any better okay
basically what I've learned over my life
is that if you want a girl you can't be
the nice guy because if you show a girl
too much attention she's not gonna
appreciate it she's gonna treat you put
you in the friend zone and not care
about you you have to be a dick to her
you have to show her a little bit of
attention but you have to just you know
put her in the back seat and you know
just be rude to her and that's exactly
what this video proves after all the
things we did being rude to her was the
one that got a girl's number so if you
haven't seen the video already one of my
main channel click the link in the bio
and I mean doesn't link in the
description all right guys we're gonna
go get matching tattoos now yeah what do
you want
I thought we're gonna get the little
flamingos on one leg Oh
another out pink
alright guys this is the closing
ceremony of today's vlog the 2-day vlog
la special hope you guys did enjoy hope
you guys have watched all the videos
you've been shooting the past few days
because they should be out by now well
most of them or a few of them but oh it
just make it all happening anyway I'll
let you guys know I'm sauce and I'll
stop saying stop saying are you all a
game no let's do that
is that a world tour wait girls tell I
know what she meant when she said to
open up more to the fingertip trigger
pin to the trigger fingers I did another
one I did another one you still ain't
done shit about the other one got the
dream kill me going back to back going
back to my guts eat drink get me going
back to back I took a break from views
now it's back to that you met them what
you doing over there fam it's suspect
with that one hand oh just churn the
milk huh hey guys honestly though guys
killed it this weekend it was ridiculous
man we did we ran out so much and work
in a week is I don't know he doesn't
know what today is Chi security whenever
kinds comes in town honestly it's like
the extra gear motivation so by moving
tomorrow much types of contra doing
another video tomorrow you're gonna plug
in two videos two videos obviously yeah
and we're just grinding out you know I'm
saying right Thank You manager be enough
miracle and yeah stay tuned watch on the
videos Kop family love you guys thanks
for watching we'll see you tomorrow with
another vlog many met last minute
messages fan messages
watch the new stuff and be sure
damn protein shake boy team work out
what is this head protein shake but he
ain't even workout but uh yeah bye guys
bye guys looking at the frame they don't
see my vision
pictures always change
my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
