where you straight out of them and
sitcom hey he can't tell me you get
cells locations I'm getting it what's up
guys so you guys know that feeling when
you walk into the house you got a brand
new shirt on all your gear is brand new
right now I feel amazing I got a brand
new shirt on brand new pants on hold
shoes new hat so my whole fit is
basically doing and I feel good about it
okay so I don't know why I'm sharing
that with you but I just them because
five pillars hot new Nike Tech shorts
that I really like shirt from PacSun
that I basically got for free and time
to go to the post office cuz I got to
pick up something that I'm super excited
for so let's go pick it up and then I
will show you guys what I got
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
big thank you to Robert at level board
comm for sending me this and I once not
using it guessing this is discharge o ye
that ye so I finally got one
all right so this thing is freaking dope
it's kind of hard to learn at first but
I pretty much got a hang of it already
so let's put the camera at you
I'm gonna see Harris and and them later
tonight so I'm gonna have them try it
out for the first time as well and
Harris said that he wants to try it on
grass I don't think it will move on
grass but I don't know we'll see the
power of it
I'm gonna make him do it on regular
floor like I'll hold his hand or
whatever but this thing is smooth baby
this thing is I can't wait to make these
videos like we're actually gonna shoot a
video with it my man actually shipped it
to me overnight just so I could have it
so we could start filming with this
thing
I'm not even putting the camera on you
this is good he came to the theater with
ears on huh no nwa 3d yeah won't meet
you won't meet you what made you want to
do that what made you want to do that
what are you doing this
in Toronto exclusive things I even found
a man we're gonna go see this satanic
Kakaako Stan are you serious you where
you straight out of them and sitcom
locations I'm ganna stood where you see
out of G sprouts farmers Marco the
grapes right I'm straight a Castro
Valley been about to go watch the NWA
movie right now
Harris made it through the topper you
guys were in the theater right now
all right so these are help right now
my legs feel so jealous first time on
hoverboard watch out for the grass you
okay oh he let go of me okay
he's alright real at the pro do it now
he had more practiced in this god damn
this looks so nice on here six enter the
end yes god damn
thank you too much don't think don't
think
take Titanic
it's amazing let it go 2015 back to the
future
no one's walking anymore so they might
as well be on something that walks cool
yeah Marty McFly you know we're
basically hi crew family like it's 3:30
a.m. Harris and I'm just left but I call
it a night I got a long day tomorrow
because I'm driving myself to Los
Angeles I'm going to LA to film I gotta
go get some new shirts cuz we wanna I'm
working on some new shirts for you guys
so new shirts will be coming now
everybody's been asking me why is there
nothing available on the website well
unfortunately I took off all the
products because inventory was low and
also on top of that I had some troubles
with a customer who tried to scam me I'm
not going to go too much into it but
yeah it kind of sucks
anyway I don't talk about that because
I'll just crap out my mood it is what it
is anyway working on some new gear for
you guys so I'm gonna go to LA and get
some new pieces and then from there
start the printing and all that good
stuff and then yeah man so you guys will
be coming along with me hope everyone
has a great day hope everyone has a
great night hope everyone has a great
weekend I think this might go up after
the weekend I don't know how the time is
going right now but
oh yeah Straight Outta Compton my
overall review I think it was really
good definitely check it out don't wait
for everyone else to tell you how good
it is go watch it as soon as possible
hopefully you guys have seen it by the
time this is out great acting better
than I expected ice cubes son killed it
for those of you guys don't know the
character that plays Ice Cube is
actually his son so go watch that and
that's it for today I don't want to
ramble for too long but thank you guys
for joining me on the first ever vlog
with the hoverboard you guys will see
plenty of it the next couple of logs the
next couple weeks until I break that
thing out of excitement it's already
bruised up from testing it out my dad
tested it out as you guys saw from my
snapchat so anyway I love you guys hope
you have a great day I'm not even gonna
ask for thumbs up on this because
you guys are just amazing I don't need
your I don't need you guys to show me
how amazing you guys are how would he
know how amazing you guys are and love
you guys tired lose them up always have
a good night
peace out looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life
you don't know what I feel like that a
lot voices in my head wanna hear right
