oh my back we should so we just got done
filming some content for crew cakes over
back family Harris got the hover board
on deck brother back to the future
it's coming bro it's coming back to the
futures coming you got the LeBron we're
launching crew kicks in September we're
not waiting until 100k on this channel
because I was so impatient and I just
want to make you happy man we got we got
material coming for you we've shot at
least I interviewed Harris
I interviewed hold on sighs here we
interviewed swag and I'm breaking those
interviews up so those are new videos
every day for you to kick screw kicks is
gonna have a new video five days a week
Monday to Friday a new video on coop
Monday through Friday a new video on
crew kicks so once crew kicks is
launched you're gonna have crew TV daily
vlogs you're gonna have crew case five
days a week you're gonna have a main
channel once a week so starting
September main who's the winner man I
took I take take these little breaks but
I'm gonna make it up to you guys so
we'll shout out to everyone who stay
patient I think they're ready for crew
kicks no they're not they don't
understand I'm weak so then that push
the September back oh I don't know a
thumbs up if you guys want crew kicks in
September thumbs down
no don't thumbs down but I promise you
guys this guy's been working pretty hard
yeah really really really hard you guys
are gonna love crew kicks it's gonna be
amazing gigs is gonna take keopi to the
next level keopi vision to the next
level for me and hopefully you guys
follow us cuz it's gonna be a crazy ride
now we're gonna take you guys with us
you know wherever it takes us you guys
are going to you good you you want to
give us it's been a minute since you
give a hundred you want to give one and
I can't come out over time you know damn
temper that is how many lights do they
have to give for you to give a 100 they
got 3,000 for Harris yeah mm oh yeah I
think you got like four five you get
five five for a 100 if you really want
to return like Jordan yeah anyway um
since we did take a little break we do
have a giveaway for you guys should we
go show them the poster how many do we
have
I have two to give away we have two
posters to give away guys so let's go
look at them right now
I gotta show them my five pillars hall I
got some good fine silver stuff - yeah
okay so first of all okay first of all
do not show my room fan okay I'm not
it's just me but you I shout out the
artist all that good stuff and then
we'll decide how we're gonna give it
away we have so we have two year let's
right here G oh yeah I know we have two
those that he gave me he has one I have
one and we have two to give away yeah
shall not so they give away you got it
let me tell you guys this is not the
post that we're giving away hey this one
this is one of one this is back in 2007
yeah yeah you made that I made that
myself Harris K in period four look at
that autograph right there fire okay so
we're gonna get two of these posters
away these are I saw this picture online
I sent the picture to Harris and he told
me he's like bro I was gonna get you
that for your birthday so I was like
yeah I was hoping he didn't see it and
then he finally saw you send me a
picture I saw it off of Mila Khalifa's
Instagram
shoutout to me but that's out -
biblically fish actually tweeted one of
my video oh yeah the best no she did
okay so Christ you know he sent me
pictures
he's not I'm about to buy this this
painting right now and I said no no no
wait wait wait is it why I was gonna get
this for your birthday shy of the artist
shut up
or is he from LA so he's a you know I'm
doing two posters for us to give away to
you guys oh this is for you guys and
this is from Vartan garnet yan
here's his IG look that's his Instagram
Vartan underscore art make sure you guys
give them a follow this is the dark
night original starry night featuring
the one and only just look how beautiful
that is guys this is just Atticus sorry
night like Van Gogh's Starry Night his
original painting that he did you have
the Joker you have one of these one of
the most amazing scenes of the most
iconic most memorable scenes in the
history of comic book movies so the way
that we're gonna do the giveaway is
Harris is gonna give one away on his
Instagram and I'm gonna give one away on
my instagram so follow him it's Harris
k15 follow me guys Omar and then
sometime this week when I have the
picture on my wall and Harris is gonna
post a picture of it here or on his wall
or someone I said yeah and then we'll
write in the title of the picture how to
enter the contest but it'll be super
easy for people who don't have Instagram
I love you guys but make an Instagram
and enter the contest and yeah so pretty
much it will be sometime this week so
just wait on it so we just went in on
these Donuts and I was so excited I
forgot the vlog oh but there's just
three left
dryer
I'm so tired I don't want to drive home
I've iced tea but strikes out tonight
good morning from swags house right now
it's afternoon
I always got on swag for waking up so
late but something in the air in this
house makes people sleep late I woke up
the same time as him so we woke up
back-to-back anyway so as you guys know
crew kicks is coming out in September
and so I haven't showed his collection
for like a year and a half so one of the
videos we're gonna be releasing the
first week of crew kicks is gonna be
swags updated sneaker collection so
we're about to film that we wake up late
but we put in work right when we wake up
so we're bout to start from that so
we'll see you guys in a little bit right
quick update if you guys didn't know it
wasn't on camera
I made herons tap out so I won the
championship back so I am the current
world champion Harris says always on
camera didn't count whatever blah blah
blah man up man abort
there's no time for excuses in this
entertainment business
I am the world heavyweight champion okay
and nothing will stop me you tried to
get me last night but no hope you
couldn't Harris this is a personal
message to you I am the world
heavyweight champion
soo-jung quick update as I walk out of
Home Depot going home to work on this I
watched a few movies while I didn't vlog
one of them was I watched Paper Towns
loved it
great movie the actress in it I forgot
her name she's awesome
she's I love her what else did I watch
there's nothing i watch the fighting one
what is it cool
damn it was Jake Gyllenhaal it's called
I watched that one really good too kind
of predictable but what the hell it's
called but for the first time ever I
went to the movies alone yeah that's
right I'm a loser I went to the movies
alone and I watched Fantastic Four
somebody please get me my goddamn money
back because that shit what that shit
was whack worst movie I've seen in a
long time it was cheesy I honestly
thought about getting up and want to get
my money back like it was horrible and
I'm a big Michael B Jordan fan I love
him I think he's a really great actor
but I was so disappointed in the script
the villain the whole movie in general
was just trash don't watch Fantastic
Four guys do not watch Fantastic Four
it's the worst Marvel movie I've ever
seen to be honest with you
super excited for tomorrow because I'm
gonna be going and picking up something
from my peel box and because they're
just gonna have to wait to see what it
is but I will be unboxing it and using
it tomorrow so I just thought I can use
it if that's a hint
I'm out of here man
they honestly comment down below shy
come my hair I know
I'll leave it in your guy's hands I
trust you guys okay I'm out of here
bye-bye looking as a friend they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I failed my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life
