what's up guys welcome back to crew TV I
know Christ hasn't uploaded regularly
for you guys and I talked some sense
into them so guess what whoo TV daily
vlogs we're back tomorrow you're
probably wondering why I'm holding some
Nike Air Mags my hand right now well
that's because we're at 1985 gallery
here in riverbank California in the 209
my hometown and they'll be having their
grand opening on august twenty-third at
11am and on the grand opening there's
going to be stuff from Huff they're
gonna be doing some giveaways black
scale will have some exclusive stuff in
the shop and also some air jordan retros
will be here exclusively just like the
Pantone 11 and the legend blue 11s and
many other retros that release in the
past year burrito million kites will be
here for the grand opening as well to
pick up some sneakers to hang out and
hopefully see a few you guys here so
make sure you guys come out here support
august twenty-third at 11am you want to
be here first to get all the hot stuff
that's gonna be here hmm hey yo Ryan you
got these in 11 for me so those are the
only ones that I got on display but
everything we got over here is retail so
let me know whatever you need retail
you
