it's currently 12:30 12:30 I did wake up
early and I was editing and then midway
through editing I just got so frustrated
like I hated what I was editing like I
just had to delete it and and I was like
I'm not uploading today if if I'm not a
hundred percent satisfied with the video
and I don't want to upload it like I'll
just feel like I'm half-assing it so I
just deleted the footage and we're
starting fresh today today is very very
very exciting wait today is a very very
exciting day because I am expecting a
package which I am so so excited about
and hopefully it comes today I mean
sometimes like the deliver the the you
know FedEx or UPS will like you know say
it's coming today and then it comes
tomorrow or something about hopefully it
comes today it's here it's here
let's take is heavy weeing always no
time baby hit the intro alright guys so
like I mentioned I am very very excited
for this unboxing I have been waiting
for this for a while I was actually
supposed to receive this at whoever just
texted me about the kadai I'm just
kidding at Amina I was supposed to get
this package during sneaker con Toronto
and I was actually gonna wear the
sneakers inside of here to sneaker Kong
but that did not happen because they
told me that mine's a little extra
special compared to the one that
released so this is a sneaker that's
already released for sneakers so let's
go ahead and open it up
oh my god this is huge
this is heavy alright so as you can see
this is like rap on rap on rap with
bubble wrap one of the craziest packages
I've ever received I've said that a lot
but this is by far one of the heaviest
and one of the craziest first off as you
can see you got the U Under Armour logo
right there the UA logo you've got this
little handle right here you've got a
little lock right here on the top like I
showed you you got the 4 SC logo right
here you've got a little what is this
I think this tells you the temperature
right there I'm not too sure exactly
what that is
gotta do it on this side too he's ready
I'm so excited for this Wow smells like
a mosh just straight wood in the inside
of that as you can see obviously we've
got ourselves a sneaker right here in a
very very nice velvet bag like this is
not just satin this is velvet the SC 30
logo right there yeah this is this is
insane right here you've got two shoes
one unforgettable finals performance
let's relive history Wow and then you
can see they have like mock-ups of the
curry 4 on the inside right there that
is so freaking oh I almost dropped it
that is so freaking dope Wow
ok so let's remove this right here BAM
this is so sick oh my god little paper
and he oh my god alright let's read this
one right here what a difference a year
makes after falling short in 2016 I
turned that moment into motivation and
came back stronger that setback led to a
greater comeback and I don't let this I
don't want to let this feeling go I'm
taking this vibe with me into the season
and focusing on what's next winning and
I want to accomplish a lot more this
season have fun more rings more
everything hopefully we're doing this
all again
here here's some more blessings and then
you got kirti's signature right there so
a personal letter letter from curry
obviously you didn't write it for me but
it's for this boxset so you get a
personal letter from Stef degrees with
70% you miss box is actually made to
store cigars in so you can keep your
cigars fresh or whatever it is I don't
smoke cigars I never have I don't think
I never will but I have a cigar box now
which is cool so basically it comes with
an actual cigar okay no that's not
that's not cool don't smoke guys do not
smoke we get this Steph Curry cigar
holder we got what's ours we back baby
that's what it says right here on the
cigar holder with the Steph Curry logo
on it hello
there's anything in there and then this
is the cigar cutter right here but it
also is used for something else I don't
know something with golfing
oh god you could kill someone with this
you got the Steph Curry logo right there
Under Armour logo right there nice
detailing okay so you got those two
things the cigar the cigar cutter the
cigar holder and then you got the hat
right here this is a number four hat
this is for Curry's fourth sneaker right
there
Under Armour logo right there no none of
this stuff comes on the version that
came out so it's cool that I was able to
get this so I really do appreciate it
Under Armor because this is like crazy
like being born and raised in the Bay
being a Warriors fan a Steph Curry fan
this is crazy to have this this is
insane so thank you alright we open it
up and now we get to the second sneaker
now I'm sure you guys have seen the
sneaker itself but I'm gonna show it to
you anyway because I haven't seen it
personally but we got one right here and
then we got the other right here this
one also has a little tag on on the bag
and it says game won 28 points 10
assists 6 rebounds three steals game to
game so basically it has all the games
with the stats on it I'm assuming that's
the colorway he wore with this shoe
right here and that's how many points he
he scored and I believe he was
undefeated in this colorway that's what
that's what the
the rumors are is that he's undefeated
in this colorway but I believe he broke
that streak on opening night cuz I feel
like I think he did wear these for half
of the game so you might have ended his
own streak there but I can't believe I
finally got um
BAM oh my god woah this is one of those
shoes where I don't I don't know if I'm
ever gonna wear these because I don't
know I do not want to mess these up at
all I want to keep these in this can I
want to get these signed oh my god if I
could get these signed that would be
amazing okay so as you guys can see this
is the all white colourway the NBA
Finals colorway the finals undefeated
colorway of the curry 4 I believe this
is the first color that he debuted I
could be wrong but I believe this is the
first color way that he debuted on court
he did something which really never
happens is he didn't wait for this
season to start to bust out his new shoe
he said I'm throwing these on right away
so he was like one of the first
signature athletes to debut their shoe
in the NBA Finals which is crazy he's
got to give kudos to curry for that and
Under Armour the insole is pretty sweet
it has a number 2 logo on it I'm not
gonna take it out because it might be
super hard to put back in but you could
kind of see it from there got the number
2 right there because this is Curry's
second championship second championship
second second
that's right so yeah so that's the first
colorway now let's go ahead and get into
the second colorway which a lot of
people aren't too happy with but people
wanted the all-black colorway with the
yellow the yellow fade on it but we got
that this one instead this one only has
a game 3 stat on it it says game 3 26
points 6 assists 13 rebounds and 2
steals BAM we've got the black upper
with the white midsole this right here
is bruh
this is butter you've got yourself like
a nice little suede upper right here you
don't see quality like this on a
basketball shoe and that's why I really
really like this like for actual
performance basketball shoes like you'll
see it on retro sneakers but you won't
see it on actual new performance models
so I love the feel of this right here
this this suede right here is so sexy I
definitely
I'm not gonna hoop in these because I
want to keep these as nice as possible I
might hope in my China editions but I'm
not hooping in these ones right here
that's for sure if you are a Warriors
fan and you are into sneakers there's no
reason why you should not go after this
pack like this pack is a must like yeah
it brought this is crazy all I can say
is uh stay tuned that's all I could say
okay so believe it or not today is the
second day since I started working out
again
I said believe it about to go for a nice
little run it is so hot outside but I
know that I can get a good little sweat
out of me get some cardio in there run
around a few blocks and come back home
and that will be my exercise for the day
I do have a meeting later with an agency
which is huge this is just kind of like
the next step to see what happens in my
career not just on YouTube but outside
of YouTube like you know movies
commercials you know potential different
opportunities and things like that so
I'm interested to see what happens and
I'm probably not gonna vlog there but
I'll take my camera obviously to the
process of it unless you guys know how
everything goes but again yeah I'm
trying to get back in shape man the
Diaoyu does start right now it doesn't
start tomorrow it starts right now I've
been trying to eat healthy I've been
trying to stay active and y'all could
talk all the smack you want and say this
diet isn't gonna last but I'm finally
here in LA so I could stay consistent
you know I'm saying so let's get this
run in I'll be back in a second and
let's go break some sweats and break
some hearts you feel me yeah a bit red
man it's so freaking hot my phone is
heating my headphones are heating up
it's way too hot right now I don't know
why I'm running out here my apartment
complex has a gym but I feel like the
street is better than the treadmill
so we are here let's go come on
almost done all right guys so I just got
to this office right now I'm about to
head to this meeting I'm about to get
out right now and I'm not gonna take my
camera but I would check in with you
guys after and let you guys know how it
all went so yeah see ya yo back at the
apartment and the reason why I'm here
and not out vlogging for you guys is
because there's so many little things I
need to handle you know preparations I
need to handle my engage mind I can't
even talk basically I'm not gonna talk
about it too much but I'm handling a few
things Mina's mainly doing all this
stuff because with our culture the
woman's side is supposed to handle the
engagement party so your boys just
sitting back and relaxing but you know I
still gotta you know make sure my
family's come in and and you know all
that good stuff so there's like things
here and there that I'm handling but for
the main part me and it's doing it so I
love her yeah shout out to the shadows
here anyway like I said earlier I did
have a vlog and I ended up deleting it
because I wasn't happy with it like I
was like it was annoying as hell but I'm
gonna do a quick summary of what that
vlog was about the NBA jerseys as you
can see this is the old adidas one out
with the old in with the new this is the
new Nike one champ sport sent it to me
shoutout the champ sports really
appreciate it they sent me this one
which is the swing man like I said not
gonna get too much into it but the main
thing I want to tell you guys is that
this does not fit the way the old indeed
it will adidas ones do pick this back up
okay
okay basically you could see that the
adidas one is a little bit more baggy
the Nike one is fitted you probably
can't see it too much but you could see
how much longer it is those are both
size XL this one is fitted I would
recommend going a size up if you do not
like the fitted feel if you like it a
little bit looser like I do go a size up
this thing is a little bit slim it's not
super slim but it's made for an athletic
body so like I said a champs gave me
this one but I went personally to Nike
and I bought myself the on-court Jersey
and it was crazy because they actually
will check this footage out right here
yeah
oh yeah so basically they gave me this
bag with my purchase so I was able to
get the authentic on-court Jersey right
here one thing I do want to point out
about this Jersey is that the encore
Jersey the one that they play in is $200
the replica swingman is only a hundred
and ten dollars this is a really good
price point but if you're gonna pay the
extra ninety dollars I would say go with
this one because this is what they
actually play in like this one is
full-on stitch you can see right there
it's stitched it's a little bit lighter
the trim is different like you could see
the quality on the trim as well as the
stripe one thing that this Jersey is
that has that the other one does not
have is the little patch right here that
shows you how many championships that
championships they've played for it also
cuts off right here for a snugger fit
like a more athletic fit compared to the
replicas where it just the replica one
just goes all the way around like
full-on along like you can see that the
replica one the swing man goes all the
way around with the yellow ribbing it
goes all the way around right there you
can see that but on the actual on-court
one it does not do that so it cuts off
it's way better materials way lighter
and the big concern here is whether or
not it's gonna rip now you can kind of
see how my number is like all messed up
you can see how its kind of stretched
out not really but basically the reason
why I bought this is to test it out
whether or not it's gonna rip but then I
obviously ended up deleting the video so
I yeah I tried to rip it and it didn't
work so I don't know why LeBrons ripped
or the two other guys in the NBA I don't
know what their names were but those
guys jerseys rip so there's a total of
three jerseys that ripped in the NBA
which is kind of concerning but if
you're gonna buy it and just wear it
casually you shouldn't have to worry
about it ripping if you plan to play in
it and it gets a little sweaty and it
might rip I'm not sure I really don't
know what's going on with it but from
testing it and like stretching out these
numbers like I really did it like fully
I did it I don't want to do it again
because it already got damaged a little
bit I'm obviously not gonna rip it maybe
I'm not strong enough but that was a lot
of talking it's good to go I approve of
it and I definitely think that new Nike
jerseys are better than the previous
adidas ones and I think it's worth it
but again I would definitely go with the
on-court one for $200 ah I know I've
just been talking like most of this vlog
I haven't like done anything too crazy
but do want to give you guys another
update on what's going on with Vegas and
Memphis so Vegas sneaker con is the next
sneaker con it's the next event that I
am doing that is November 11th and in
Memphis is the weekend after November
18th we recently did Vegas for the tour
not too long ago as last month we did
Vegas for the tour at urban necessities
for Vegas we have decided that Vegas is
going to get a preview and first dibs on
the Black Friday sale now I told you
guys about this that on Black Friday
November 25th I believe that's Black
Friday we are gonna have the best crew
sale of all time we are literally gonna
take everything we have leftover that's
just chillin in the warehouse and we're
gonna throw it online for you guys dirt
cheap like super super cheap just
because I know Black Friday is all about
getting some steals and deals but we
want to give a guess a first-hand
preview of what is gonna be available so
basically Vegas you guys will get stupid
crazy cheap prices on dream crew merch I
think we're gonna bring a hundred random
items for you guys and I don't know what
the prices are gonna be but like dream
crew shirts are either gonna be like 10
or 15 bucks hats will be like 10 bucks
if we have hoodies hoodies will be like
20 to 30 bucks or something I don't know
what we're gonna get rid of what we have
online but a small chunk of it is gonna
be brought to sneaker con Vegas for you
guys so the dream cruise sale starts at
sneaker con Vegas but for Memphis I'm
working on a special t-shirt so Memphis
gets an exclusive just because we've
never done any event in Memphis
I've never been to Memphis so Memphis
you guys are getting your own dream crew
t-shirt and yeah it's gonna be super
super late I'm very excited for both of
those events in
stay tuned here you did sneaker YouTube
guys Tony's car is sitting on brakes
right now he got robbed when I saw that
I was like wow what the hell and it
hurts to look at it just sitting on the
on those brakes probably that damages
the car more than anything right guys so
wrapping up the vlog now such a busy day
tomorrow I got so much stuff going on I
need to wake up early I want to go maybe
play basketball somewhere if I can find
a gym to go whoo bad there's like no
gyms in LA I tweeted about this and I
freaking hate it it is what it is man
I've been having thoughts about if I
still need to live in LA or if I can
live on the outskirts or of LA or
whatever it is or I was even thinking
about breaking my lease here and leaving
this apartment to live closer to Mena as
well as like my my niece and my sister
in them so probably gonna just keep it
keep you know just stay here I am kind
of outgrowing this apartment but you
know be kind of a waste of money to to
break my lease and leave here and I
don't know what the consequences are or
whatever but yeah it is what it is you
know I'm saying
genku appreciate you guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow tomorrow's vlog he's gonna
be all over the place but
we gonna have some fun trust trust me
