so we're basketballs and I'm too tired
to talk is this whole vlog I've been
like I'm tired I'm tired
touchdown in New York City people I am
at JFK right now I did not get more than
20 minutes of sleep on the plane
shouts out to JetBlue for the free Wi-Fi
but to get my bags take a taxi to Times
Square or my hotel resides and then I'm
gonna try to check into my hotel but I
don't even know if they'll let me
because it's so early at 7:00 a.m. but
I'm super excited sneaker con later
today I have no idea what I'm doing
after that but trying to make the best
of it baby New York City any time I'm
here to blessing it's an amazing
experience and I'm ready to not sleep
for the next 48 hours I'm trying I'm
gonna try to get the best footage at
camp for you guys for sneaker by
the way
hey we are here New York City my hotels
right there that's the same hotel I say
that when I was on Good Morning America
which is right here Good Morning
America's right here and B I'm about to
walk to Times Square
got to go pro going which I'm super
excited I keep talking about Toys R Us
is literally right here and dude it's
like 8:00 a.m. and look at Times Square
Rach in I love it here man I Love New
York I don't know if I would ever live
here but I just love being here I need
to snap right now I need to hit a Foot
Locker cause it's open at 8 a.m. foot
lockers open at 8 a.m. crazy man crazy
all right guys so I'm at Nike town right
now
or Nike store whatever they call it we
check this out
so it's the Jumpman logo but it's made
out of all of the
defend Jordans it's pretty tight two
o'clock I literally got here at 8:30
a.m. been waiting to check in and here
we go Oh God
beautiful bad beautiful couch not so
beautiful view but I'll take it
desk TV I hate the standing showers but
man I can't complain man blessed I have
a bed that's all that matters man about
I need to go to sneaker con man everyone
take me up to eating me go on get a
shower get ready and I'm coming for
sneaker come on with my hair judo chop
bang and y'all alright guys let me show
you my outfit for sneaker con I just
bought this jacket literally like two
hours to go from H&M I have no idea what
that says if anybody knows what that
says let me know
Topshop pants the want to be leather
ones and then my easy boost and then you
know I had I've been rockin for a while
my boys brand I'm sure you guys check
that out everybody's been asking so I
don't know if it's focused or not but
definitely not focused right there can't
go wrong
simple simple baby alright guys I don't
know why I'm dressed like I'm about to
be in the snow it is beautiful weather
it's hot again I cannot watch out there
right now go ahead so you guys
they're out here hustling I haven't even
gone inside with something hey so you
gotta say to people oh it was awesome
all right say what's up y'all ever seen
it come out now here's didn't Congress
not en about that yo
I don't even know where to start right
now there's like going on right now all
over the place but what is going on and
this is crazy
I really don't know where to start them
I really go
I see the shirt
I'll go man there's so much going on
dude I can't you can't find anything man
you have a summer I do Harris with you
now I wish a nice like a pickled egg
yeah
okay I do my balls every day oh
yeah they appreciate you wanting
something so do you do you you know no
not it is my boys good though man I
do laughing - yeah you wanna see what's
up - the Glock Bruce people subscribe
below thank you man for you and say
what's up guys yeah honestly they're
like too much going on like I can't even
compare prices watch it even like see
what's different between every table
because there's so much going on
crazy mama girl looked interested
boy talks pizza show all right good
all right so we were pressed on a
fashion blog my name is Nick called high
fashion H III fashion 7:21 on tumblr and
instagram so follow crew you already
know then departing the crew family so
make sure you guys
you and Mayor presented an amazing
collection he wants I think and we're
just entertaining to walk like I watch
all other
you had a watch
like a snake good thing we do we do
and can I ask you to say one thing to my
boy he buys the shoes but he doesn't
wear the oh man really got him held a
raggedy swaggity where you take maggot
anyway miss me after all that's a
cardinal sin so he should put you in
sneaker jail thank you but these guys
gotta be in-laws their official dream
crew family
push your channel go ahead say whatever
you want
cause I interrupt it was good our
watches he wanted maybe I'll give you
your eyes right check it out we'll link
it down below
great what you got to say should we come
check it out camp is on CIMB iz0
Sosa yung Joc love you big dope videos
man I appreciate me
it's ridiculous I can't find the shoes I
want the shattered backboards for a good
price so
over there on that side they're selling
them for the lowest is 325 and then on
this side of the building they're
selling them for 500 so it's ridiculous
like why are the prices different or you
kind of sell them yourself
few more slow down for the humming oh
we're vlogging how you want to be in it
the master new tune
he knows everything I appreciate you man
to the
making money I'm looking for backward
man thank you what's up shout out to all
the followers out there yes sir yes hey
subscribe to him he's and he's amazing
hey Martin he wears the speaker's he
just bought his Royals 244 these Royals
and he already put them on so it was
good thing all day oh you know you going
straight out another block man yeah
subscribe 100,000 subscribers rupees
keep shoutout subscribers it's all good
I got you so this star right here by far
has the best collection here he's not
selling anything
I don't think
you
I was a shout-out to my mom my dad
you could be in part of the pyramid take
it easy man
by anything take the cube leader
I'm gonna cry really the
there was a lot of people that said
what's up man
but unfortunately I couldn't cash in a
deal for the shoes I wanted and I'm
gonna cry
life ain't fair I know I'm just tired I
need to go i'ma go to my hotel I have it
nice this last night I ate yesterday at
like 8 o'clock p.m. a p.m. 9 p.m. and I
have not 8 cents only I need to go eat I
need some sleep man I've never been more
excited to see a bed I'll talk to you
guys later
god damn
what's up I don't know man I'm out here
man I just woke up I was tired as crap
dude I got like two hours I woke up then
I had no idea what was going on
I got felt like I was in a third
dimension or something but I'm here now
and I'm alive and I haven't ate I have
not 8 and 24 freaking hours and I'm not
hungry I don't know what's wrong with me
I have no idea what's wrong with me like
what's going on I'm about to go to this
pizza joint because I don't know it all
Steve I'm when I go to this pizza
the girls here
let's take up it's so crowded right now
so if y'all so we are New York City
Street walking right now with the homies
a TVI outdoor man show kinda good time
in New York City showing sights on a
jean good besides here we are the
beautiful sights msg all know it's on
the opposite side of this yeah but yeah
we just cruise around it's like 11
o'clock having a good time and enjoying
it man we still need to get that - on -
we've been talking about this for too
long time I seek I saw my brother yell
bro and he thinks he's better be
involved well you understand who you
guys think is better invest about me or
slim you know I'll go you wanna want I
don't want to climb stairs to go to
bring a basketball now I'm too tired I
am talking this whole vlog I've been
like I'm tired I'm tired next time we're
gonna roll you bring Harris Harris I
watch you bro yeah I want you here to
shut up I want you Harris it could be a
one or two late okay yeah yeah well it
doesn't take multi out man all right you
know we need at a minute because I don't
talks a little - so we got to get
them in that do how about am watching
you be on the winning teams okay okay
just know it's coming by the end of 2015
we are going to have that amulet we're
gonna livestream it that would be epic
you gave the central have breast I'm
gonna have a live audience if you damn
bear finals this is where I've been a
year and a half you're talking about I
know
all right we're gonna start a fundraiser
actually so we can make it happen
yeah donate link down below okay all
right well yeah we just walked around
and uh that looks pretty good I might
get some dessert or something no how
does it feel to be in New York for the
first time well I've run these shoes
from down
not everybody we are in the heart of New
York Times Square you know hey have you
ever been on here for the ball drop now
I will never be able to get any school
yeah I heard people be camping today
I am doing the pepper on the stairs like
it
hi guys sorry that my shirts off
apologies but man great 24 hours in I
wasn't even 24 hours it was like 20
hours shouts out to everyone that sneeze
akan you guys showed so much love man
you guys made me feel welcome to the New
York speaker culture meant a lot
shouts out the slimmin mo for kicking it
was neat tonight
shout out to Ritchie Lee I'm gonna be in
his interview video for his main channel
so check it out I'm gonna be on there he
asked me some questions for cause he
always does these uh
speaker confession questions so check
that out and shout to Mayor shout out to
everybody man shouts out to everybody
man Chazz it to everybody New York City
I love you guys tomorrow
I actually just booked my bus I'm taking
a bus to Washington DC so I'll be in
Washington DC for the next few days and
um yeah I'm tired man this my song right
now but look at this mess man a thumbs
up New York City for one of the best
cities in the world big thumbs up not
from evil for New York City I love you
guys man I'm but this edit this vlog
take a quick nap and then about to DC
man ah too blurry
just like my vision right now but did
you know that looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal then feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head wanna hear right you must take
it
Rooker's a smile the only one that knows
ain't laughs in a while
