you're gonna get your own blooper reel
right now oh you remember when you went
to go get the ball I love you not only
that look at my life man SSS all SS all
s is that you to be like it so clapping
so guys welcome to my vlog channel I
said that like I can learn from friends
currently driving to the mall got a few
things to return and get some things for
my trip that's coming up one of the East
Coast this weekend New York City first
stop for fun and then VA for fun and
also for my cousin's wedding and it's
gonna be a great time and I'm super
excited and at the moment we have no I'm
not doing any meetups or anything like
that but I will be at sneaker Con in New
York City so if you guys see me there
you know come up come to me and say
what's up man trying have a good time
you know hook me up with some good deals
on some sneakers and shit you know now
honestly I can't buy any shoes so if you
guys see me buying some shoes like
tackle me or something because I should
not be spending any more money on shoes
I'm way over my budget and that's
another thing I wanted to talk to you
guys about I don't want to bore you but
um a lot of people ask me how I get my
money to pay for my sneakers mostly my
expensive ones like my Easy's and it's
it's simple man i budget my amount of
money I can spend on sneakers total like
I have a budget which is like XML and
that's the amount of money I'm allowed
to have towards my sneakers and say my
budget is like right now my budget is
maxed out but if I really want to buy a
pair of sneakers I have to sell one that
I have so it's not like I'm just
spending money you know what I'm saying
I'm using the same money that I've been
using for sneakers the good thing about
being a sneaker head and collecting
sneakers is that even if you wear your
shoes they still have value depending on
like the limit and
and the condition and things like that I
see people buying like everything that
comes on every weekend for what like
you're gonna have it for a few months or
maybe a year or two and then you're
gonna get over it like I get over
sneakers quick that's why now I just
like I really think if I even need it in
the first place so instead of having all
these BS sneakers I've bought a few
really good sneakers this year because
I'm managing my sneaker money right so
so yeah that's for everyone who's asking
me I'm not rich I don't make millions of
dollars on YouTube I wish I did I don't
have another job I just do YouTube right
now and that's how I'm making my money
and that's how how am I making money for
shoes is I'm just budget budgeting it
right you know so yeah so I returned
some vans the Disney vans I bought like
two month like a month ago three
remember and then I returned the shirt
at PAX and I bought some joggers so I'll
show you guys the joggers when I get
home
that's all cricket but I'm gonna walk
around the mall for a little bit that
I'm a head out because I gotta go to the
gym you know get that that that that
cardio in I'm like this is me right now
in the gym right here steady like I eat
just so I workout just so I can eat but
I need to diet and workout so that I can
improve but right now I'm pretty much
steady so I'm not gaining weight I'm not
losing weight
it sucks but I don't know I've been cool
with if I need to stop so I think I'm
gonna start to die after this East Coast
trip because let's keep it real I may
get hella fat when I'm out there so I
got to eat that good good east coast got
the good food they got the best burgers
ever I don't know why I look so red but
I'm not like that in person I think it's
just the lighting here so yeah I'm about
to go to footlocker right now let's go
see what they got right it's super windy
so I doubt you guys could hear me but I
kind of cover up the mic but I'm at the
gym and you know I was the world
champion yeah I admit it I lost my title
their errors but I'm back here in the
gym and work hard so that one day when
the time is right I get my rematch and
I'm able to claim my throne as the world
heavyweight champion
I even found what's the wager 180 fellow
you team me core team Drake Greg man
what about you Pam team me car team Jake
team Jake boy no low-fat me just won our
first game we beat Phil I hate to be hit
two threes on me but we still out here
baby
go get another double use okay got these
super cool joggers you know I drove 30
minutes to the mall to go get it because
there's no PacSun around here you know
it's like a windbreaker with the sweat
pant material and then hey what's the
one thing that employee should do when
they bring something up take the damn
sensor off but no so annoying man so
annoying so I got the receipt I'm so
frustrated that I might just return him
and not even keep him anyway I had a
question for you guys as you guys know I
did get the easy boost 750 so let me put
these right here and I don't know these
came out a while ago obviously and I'm
on the edge of doing a review video I'm
gonna leave it up to you guys because
you guys are my homies you guys are my
family you guys are my my crew I want to
know if you guys want to see the sneaker
review because I'm only gonna do it for
you guys I'm not doing it for the views
I'm not doing it for attention I'm doing
it for you guys if you guys want me to
do a review for these so if this vlog
gets 3000 likes I will definitely do the
easy boots review review for you guys
here's the funny part about it so even
if you're not a sneaker head and you
don't care about the review I want to do
it so that you will enjoy even if you're
not into sneakers therefore I'm gonna do
it in my fob character I'm gonna throw
on my unibrow I'm gonna get all Fabi and
I'm gonna review the EZ boots for you
guys so if you guys want to see that
3000 likes on this vlog and I will do
that for you guys
so
a little something to switch it up and
to make everybody enjoy it you know what
I'm saying so other than that what's
going on in my sneaker world I'm not
going to do a review on these but damn
these are sexy as hell a lot of people
just passing on these I think these are
really underrated I know the whole red
sneaker thing is like it's not getting
all outplayed but it's like super
popular I'm not gonna say it's outplayed
but a lot of people don't like it on the
for all right guys let's go Chee midday
oh no you ain't got no drama
I don't know these lyrics let's be
honest oh damn it hey with this happen
and I'm driving
phoner dry phone on Drive I'm gonna be
Jays right now it's so eyes birthday so
we are going for his birthday dinner and
it's gonna be fun man they got squad
coming through so we're gonna have a
good a good little day happy birthday so
I big 22 man I remember when he was like
we grew up man and he was just like a
little twig little kid he was shorter
than me and now he's almost touching the
ceiling the very building we walk into
man and so yeah man uh happy birthday to
the young gun
young ha ha and
thumbs up your sois birthday this is
like perfect weather right now it's not
hot it's not cold no rain no Sun it is
like this perfect weather and I'll tell
you guys right now I hate the summertime
and the reason why I hate the summertime
is because I hate summer fashion I'm not
a summer fashion guy don't wear like
wearing shorts I don't like wearing
t-shirts I like layering and I like
wearing pants with shoes and
that's just my style like I view it's
summertime and I'm layering right now
like that's that's just who I am that's
just what I like so I'm happy that this
is nice weather though like I was like
wait does it even sweater weather and it
was sweater weather but I just went with
the shirt so too much talking I let's go
easy making you youtube debut right now
hey thanks for cutting me out of so
highs last last year's birthday party
you weren't there yeah I was oh oh yeah
we made up for right now then hi guys we
are here at BJ's now Chris where you
been edgy well what you been are you
hungry gone bro I'm doing my thing you
know they gone Chris is strictly team
Nike so he can't come around me because
I got a Dita's on so we need like a 5
foot there we go family but we can still
keep it cool right come on ugly guys
yeah huh oh damn burning does it feel to
be 19 G 19 and I'm feeling blessed man I
still feel young you know how it is out
here man but my real I don't know who I
am I'm is Toya and what they don't know
me for show us I was the inventor QoP
aqua - you know you a hit sir no sir
botch Oh forever you gotta get the water
- oh yeah
you're gonna get your own blooper reel
right now Tama oh you remember when you
went to go get the ball I loved you not
only that does that look lady Hey look
really face up girl there's a lot of you
watching right now what you got to say
come on what is that
oh hi
Oh
Harbor
you can see it's not the look that why
she's still rats okay I'm in the dark
nigga like was head okay likes camera
where the fuck is okay fire words yeah
is gone the cops looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures over
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal then feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear
