tell me who you see if you're
short-sighted then what are they God
moves we have not slept in 18 hours just
kidding a song for the fans gee that's
how you gotta say gee if you have to
kill one person from the crew who would
it be
I know I talked about the heat hashtag
works like I said where it's like new
videos up new videos you like for three
engineers out like this all the time you
guys see this it's good to do it would
be like I'm trying to get my GED but
education
in a quarter mile turn right on July 4
in a quarter mile stick your head to be
like part three and we're going to get
Roscoe's chicken and waffles right now
so excited I almost forgot the blog this
for you guys check this out you know
and we have to get the mac and cheese on
time you ever come to LA man make it a
priority to come to Ross this is the
best is the best waffle you will ever
have
the words can't describe
right traveler
ya know there's a little kick 5 shoes on
the floor
he's like Pete Pierre City well just
know just know the mango Jam can I do it
like one day that we can either log and
I've sent you the footage in yeah giving
hairs that old camera
I just know that no matter tell me who
the baddest bitch you see 13 don't watch
the last 10 seconds of this vlog
paradise so we're about to dip out guys
we're packing up our trunk one last time
before we head out of here Shawn's
performing at the Staples Center but we
are not going sorry Shawn see there man
you know Duncan change is cool I will
see you guys on the road probably
I see a little silhouetto of a man
scaramouche scaramouche will you do the
500 yeah my name is cries easy come you
let me brush it be
alright guys that wanna what what was
their favorite part of this trip even
though it was only a day and a half
those who favor up your highlight
when we got back to my comics places and
nice
we have to section via the little
there's like talking everyone's whole -
that was just - you know what I like
this is hella sick that like I mean I'd
know it but I don't realize all your is
the people the people yeah hello
older people not other but like people
that are my age I'm used to like younger
people coming up to me me like oh watch
your vlogs but a lot of people that were
like my age or around my age came up to
me and told me that they watched the
clogs daily and I just forget like that
and I what he actually tune in every day
to watch these things and I think
usually it unmotivated because I feel
like that we know like we're not rolling
back if we are made by nate is see
somebody feel so much love from
everybody sorry everybody that was up to
us shout-out to you guys all the people
we met outside a trip at that really
mean a lot to you guys and I head around
Santa Monica
right now and Harris has been knocked
out for the past three hours he hasn't
moved a muscle or hearing or the Franco
scream
I'm relatable
all right guys I like power moves at all
so we try to get them we hella got you
bro
here we elegant to bring brother Frank
there's a camera here
Oh camera the water looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smiled
