think about geez all I go hey man what's
up y'all we in Bakersfield California
what the hell are we doing in
Bakersfield I don't know what we go in
LA and we just randomly we called this
guy at 5:00 a.m. and he was down to come
with us so swag is here too he wasn't
supposed to come but he's here Harris
everything happens for a reason with
that green striped shirt freakin Harris
in the bathroom I've been driving the
whole way here this is gonna finally
Drive the baby is dirty look at just
their tail that's let's take a moment of
silence honestly a moment of silence for
all these bugs right here god damn
and I'm about to clean the windows too
because there's a lot of
we're not late now guys go on a DPLA
downtown and then taking care of
business man man chuckles out there
Mikey chicks all over hey my plate
alright guys so after two hours three
hours and 20 minutes of business we are
finally here for pleasure but we have
not ate since last night when we had
Taco Bell so we are starving so we're
going to get Taco Bell right now I mean
we're going to get cpk right now get
some good pasta possibly some pizza
I got summer clothes on even though at
least giving me this nasty grimy
sprinkly weather I'm literally
sprinkling on my camera so get ready to
have some fun finally Salome Salome
Salome Salome telephone telephone
telephone food
I have to go in man we have to go into
this
I've been value been fair
even them we're about to check out what
they have if they come up hi guys ovios
damn white hair yeah hi guys he just
left rape
we each picked up one shoe well mine
shoe wasn't from riff my shoe was from
the homie but these two got some shoes
but what shop would will show you guys
the shoes when we get back to the we get
the Optimates place but Paris how you
feeling what did you say so I got a
shirt from the bad guy from spider-man
Hisense anyway we're gonna hit up
Fairfax now and we're gonna hit up Nike
town then we're gonna link up with the
mahmud brothers ok anyway I just deleted
a whole bunch of footage I couldn't play
friggin anyway why don't you go talk to
you guys in a little bit all right bye
so we're at Fairfax now and of course
hair it's too scared to cross the street
real dudes cross the street yeah it's
raining right now guys so I'm gonna put
my camera away before it gets
electrocuting me and life and look
living life that's a sick picture right
there look at Harris for LA parking
Harris got the book bag on deck the
money bag on deck if you're in LA and
you park someone you're not sure about
it always look for signs because I used
to live out here and I used to get a
ticket a week do you get starstruck
Harris I don't unless it's like if I see
if I ever do meet Kanye West like I will
be star circle but look these abilities
are literally waiting for celebrities
what about you you get starstruck what
celebrity would you'll be choked up with
behind the bar
LeBron and Kobe when I met him I was
comfortable after like 30 seconds that
Kanye I would choke because I don't want
to say something that everyone else is
gonna say you know oh I'm a big fan you
inspired me like everyone says that so
he's now I watched your wives war no do
you don't be disrespect you I'm sure
they have he's like damn you original I
respect that
wrong person all right guys we're gonna
go tonight you know and see what we can
come up on so walk it in with nothing
walking out with nothing huh sorry woody
cashed out
we don't really need to worry about it
but yeah man it's time to go rest I'll
finally take a breather and then link up
with the crew and do what we need to do
brain hopefully the rain goes away for
tonight so we could just relax let you
run it on 30 30 minutes and leave in 24
hours I'm running on 0 because I edited
the vlog and then I tried to upload it
and this was internet it's slower than a
freaking turtle go back oh my god so
guys we are at Matt's house uh-huh Ahmed
Ahmed obviously the name of the cave
where I'm hot sauce and he's not here
but we are here was i eating cereal with
no milk fan that's what happens when you
have no milk in the house you here at
milk was expired gee not good house
warming Hamid gets a negative one oh I'm
gonna look at him first and then I'm
gonna show you guys okay so happy to
have them easy 750 boost whoa now I
officially have both ez Adidas and I
have one Nike Adidas so I'm one away
from having the full set I just need the
easy one but damn these are amazing man
there's some crazy qualities
sorry for all the sneaker related
material on today's vlogs guys but it's
our addiction so sorry I'm not sorry
that's material I'm gonna get in clothes
for my homies you know you can just see
it changes color with the way you're
headed
I like the white you see why a lot of
people think the bottoms are the same on
the 350s but no they are different I
might wear these tomorrow yeah a review
video coming soon I might just save
these for critics the main launch of the
new channel so you want to show us what
you picked up gee let's do it oh and
then you know we got the extra laces
that Harris didn't clean up for me I'm
just kidding I want to try I'm not gonna
put them on yet I just want to look at
them too so you don't have to do
anything so I love you bro shout out the
riff this is the pack well half of it
but this is the CDP pack but not
mistaken that you came in what twenties
twenty
yeah cuz they equals 23 yeah no that's
not for you that's for the fan to people
at home but damn Boyd es pair homes yes
3d s3's super dope gets a little
something on the inside the quality was
like the new ones are gonna be
remastered when they do come out with is
this better quality yours I feel like
the tongue is for sure from where I saw
so far you show them the inside yet yeah
sure thing that doesn't have a very try
tomorrow
oh you don't wear sneakers JK got a cool
pickup that I try to convince them to
buy because I thought they were cool and
they are very comfortable and they're
the best they are all about comfort and
I'm about skateboarding pretty soon so
they are used and hence why the white is
kind of faded but that gives it a story
these are who lands mountains meters
that's what they're called that's what
they are that's what they do the comfy
and they will be leaders
it says shrink-wrap do stuff yeah gotta
keep it saucy
I'm gonna keep like this I'm not going
to take the full thing off of it I like
this beat-up look to it their fur gets
sick dude I really like shoes and you
got them for a steal those are sneaker
pickups they didn't buy anything out
there bought something from Diamond
Supply but we'll talk to you guys soon
all right stick around
every time we come to LA we go to
believe it or not
that's where we're going why is Kais
running I don't know what crisis is
running I've never seen any mileage
his pants he's trying to get his
underwear we're not sure okay thank you
Stevie the weather got a lot better
theater gloomy la but we still love you
Los Angeles I'm probably covering one of
the audio things I think you're good oh
that's the rumor so about to get into
the uber right now here we go here BAM
infinity game backseat Saiga got us in
the front
what's up brother how's it going man you
go about the bin meet up with my G right
now and have a good time you put these
in your cargo pocket son that's a card
was it for
we aren't Santa Monica right now but to
go check out the napkin store and
there's some bloody music going on over
here I just want to know where's that
coming from
oh yeah there is a contest guys are here
these are the grail of my grail these
are the shoes I want more than anything
the eighty one point game Kobe's now
this is not the version he played in
because you can see the 81 logo right
there on there but damn there's only 81
pairs of these so fire flaps craziness
oddballs are back together
how're you guys doing why'd you shown
the man bun Monday but Monday crank
coming sooner I'm gonna go behind I'm
coming hey I'm coming for you though he
watches the vlog so you said what's up
to us Thank You Man appreciate it I
appreciate you guys I guess it's about
that time to go grow let's go grub y'all
it's a prank bro it's a prank it's a
prank Jing prank it's a grilled cheese
challenge you guys we had our but still
confused about her but we are at
they can change they can shake I call it
big shot yeah that's mine that's mine
yeah
what you doing you enjoyed that you
tella the sweet tooth inoculate I can't
stop a Nutella shake there's Nutella
fate I'm gonna get a Nutella crepe or
else I would have got that
yeah thank you yes
the ladies love q would you get a
grilled cheese and subscribe Harris back
again you got hella rad you should be
legal in America as much as really good
timing is right to mention that right
now my girl I was like it's illegal to
have the burgers why not have bread like
you to give me some like you're kind of
cute we all should have tip their phone
over here dad with your rollaway you
know general education
regular burger all right guys ready
we're gonna play a game before we start
eating one word to describe the person
to your left okay I'll go first
sexy 100 gorgeous
thank you it's supposed to be me that's
not what I'll take it you know when I
come to Santa Monica I gotta grab my
crepe Nutella crepe baby all day all day
a day all day every day all day a day
all day
I wish you guys to taste this with me
field try this oh yeah hold on let me
focus sister okay I can really admire
this move there you go take that bite
what hey man I got hairy elephant okay I
made him buy those shoes look at him and
then he got the extended C going damn he
bought this shirt today so I got some
type of good but you thought it was that
car you got under that car all day
general education on the next episode of
the real world
swaggy Diddy and I'm gonna go at each
other and we get a confession from hua
ji all right guys so we're gonna call it
a night I hope you enjoyed this first
day of LA we're leaving so this is a
short trip but we will be vlogging
tomorrow two last words for today's vlog
FEM general G's min general education
means high school hey easy season damn
my last comment is that the champ is
coming back watch your back looking at
the frame they'll see my vision pictures
always change but I see
my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs and
