looking at my family I listen to it
every time I still other words does that
work the champ is here and we're gonna
start today's vlog off happy Friday well
happy Saturday for you it's Friday for
me it's Eid I got my belt right here and
looking at myself
filling gravy today but hey got myself
an unboxing for you guys
I opened the last package which was this
belt with uh with my um with my lint
roller so today I'm going to open my
package with a water melone so
watermelon I don't know how I'm gonna do
this I might have to put my belt down
this package is from 8 & 9 clothing so
shouts out to the homies at 8 & 9
clothing they sent me a little care
package so yeah and they taped the hell
out of it so let's see how we can do
this
is it actually ripping I don't even
think it's ripping it's like folding
oh we 89 clothes you're gonna check them
out first things first
you've got this plane over this is dull
it's simple play plain gray t-shirt and
she's got the logo 8 9 logo really small
right there I love their tags their tags
are dope dude that and I went with the
size up usually I'm a large but I went
with the XL just because I like my plain
shirts a little loose and more
comfortable ooh
I'm super excited for these okay check
these shorts up okay BAM
DS all are dull I'm not a big fan of
white shorts but I love the print on
these look at that it looks like some
Arabic writing and then sewed oh well
this one's dope check that out eight and
nine got the four stars got the stars on
the sleeves at the eight or nine on the
sleeve and then the back BAM
got the logo on there nice okay so this
is just like the gray one except it's
black on black with the logo longer tee
and then you got the logo on the the tag
on the bottom
another black key
this one and oh this is a tank top and I
got a large in this yes yes little logo
again a gray oh this is dope
yes gray heathered T and you could see
like that line that just goes over the
front it's sick and look how small the
branding is amazing it's amazing man oh
this is sick you guys know I love
tie-dye and all of this is though I mess
with this okay so this is a Thai Thai
tea and it's got the black paint on
there so it's like kind of hard to see
but that's what makes it interesting you
know everything in this package is dope
like really dope like these are stuff
that I'm really gonna be rocking with
and I'm definitely gonna be wearing this
stuff all night and then my next couple
trips that I have so big big big big big
shout out to the home he's at 8 9
clothing check them out link in the bio
if you want to check out their website
and I believe we have a promo code to
sew the promo code is down there you can
give a certain amount of percent off and
the champ is here again this stuff is
really dope so I'm about to go hang all
these up probably wear one of these
today and yeah man shots at 8 or 9
clothing man means a lot and yeah
there's some pickups for you so now
let's get the day started so I just got
a random text to come outside from
swagger Diddy
we're gonna go to Seoul supremacy right
now besides going to sell some sneakers
because it's like over shoes Yeah right
he's selling shoes to get more shoes or
shoes slash shoots it shoes over shoes
and then over life but anyway of it
these children in the benzo gray
interior with the white outside
Oh coke boys alright guys we had
Chipotle right now grubbing it up got my
burrito right now swags goddess
I hate folding it falls but anyway
there's bigger news so I always get back
to the future ever I've never seen Back
to the Future 1 or 2 I don't deserve the
air mags but anyway if you guys know
Chipotle has something on their secret
menu called a case Dorito which is
basically a burrito but they melt the
cheese but now I've been getting this
for years now but now they charge the
extra three dollars and 50 cents to get
a quesarito because it holds up a line
so they're trying to prevent people from
ordering again so now this burrito came
out to $11 $11 for that but it's so good
that I had to do it anyway
the new champion Ava's the new champion
she took after my school she'd be
walking already okay we got Ava she's
gonna give us a sneaker review okay tell
us about this sneaker what is your
favorite part about the shoe okay she's
going to the bottom oh she likes to toe
okay what would you change on the shoe
what don't you like about tell you
roasted the tongue okay she's not a fan
of the tongue he liked the Allred look
check it out okay I always looked so
white and this is lighting is not
helping at all anyway I'm on the way to
the nest
wanna Harris's house because
spontaneously we're going to LA tomorrow
morning he's going to get some things
for his business and I actually need to
go to get some shirts for new
merchandise that I'm trying worked on so
we decided to take a one-day trip to LA
just me and him
and perhaps somebody he's gonna bring
somebody with him and yeah we're just
gonna fun one day LA business over
pleasure trip but we're gonna 50%
business 50% pleasures so because we
don't know house doesn't often get to go
on trip so we're super excited for this
one and I keep looking at myself I gotta
look down here but currently but yeah
I'm just on the way right now so I will
definitely check in with you guys when I
meet up with Harris so hope everyone's
having a great day by the way y'all
looks beautiful just look at yourself to
bear and just compliment yourself
because you deserve it okay you small
you boil all right buddy oh yeah
Harris's house right now it's almost
3:00 a.m. we're gonna leave it like so
thank you guys for getting 4k like our
4k lights and it looks like I'll be
purchasing my ticket on Monday
we'll see now this vlog how many places
they have to get is this the only one no
this is tomorrow as well so I'm just
gonna add on to tomorrow well on this
after after this clip right here we're
gonna pause it I'm gonna edit this and
the new day starts digging in 4,000 like
nothing by the way you cheated huh that
chair shot was that big huh
what sure when I hit the chair and I
came on a ball no me didn't get it good
though yeah it was not it wasn't ready
for him people say we should buy a
trampoline and restful you can get a
trampoline back here well you have empty
grass field anyway we're leaving La soon
I think it might just be us two honestly
should we call soy and see if he wants
to go pro at the gym right now you just
took a picture of the basketball hoop in
a bow it wasn't when we shoot an image
it will see you Danny look at the Barons
coming in your boy brought back the
sideburns the Martin chops our guys in
this 11 had a good team with their
families even bar we accrue to you hey
Jim season it alright guys we'll see you
in there early tomorrow or we'll see you
on the way to LA tomorrow looking at my
family I'm Sam and I listen to every
time I store all the words they could do
my money I can't think look at the
difference that I've seen no vision do
you know what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like
I wish that my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while
