did you come on it this is my good man I
even fam I'm good fan check it out we
gonna start this vlog off with something
I promised you yesterday Oh
judo chop bangs which is the much
anticipated event the main event
headlining WrestleMania Harris versus
case for the WWE World Heavyweight
Championship belt now you guys know I'm
the defending reigning undisputed World
Heavyweight Champion
but I had to defend my championship
against Harris so here is the video from
yesterday and I just rip a name
okay are you biting me
would be in timeout here what's going on
yes I had a buy a double patty burger
I'm trying I'm not gonna fill them
performance beat Stefan carry on the
projects I think I'm off party my
brothers but I'm deep enough corner here
we go the trophy presentation cuz you
get up to let alone sit down okay I'm
John table and new world champion mr.
terris Kotak
oh my very much but not tonight
see this you have this right now I'm
coming back for a did you pepperoni this
is mine sup guys welcome to the real
intro of this vlog I'm at the gym right
now boxcar who've been brought back the
NBA had been my gym look the outer
bounds line is the wall so if you hit
the wall you add a bow this is BS but it
works to an advantage sometimes you know
so anyway about to start playing so I
gotta go yeah we want five games in a
row and then we lost and now we hear
what's up Phil how you been fab
what's up them
chod - Joey missed the wide-open layup
alright I'm definitely the guy that goes
to the gym and just plays basketball and
says I'm working out so I need to stop
doing that I need to start doing some
real stuff but I just love basketball
the next minute is not for the people
who are gonna complain about me
complaining about my knee and injuries
so if you're one of those people who
comments stop beating stop whining about
your knees stop whining about your ankle
Harris mostly fast forward but I just
want to say that my knee is starting to
get a little puffy so it's like some
fluids up in mo whatever but a little
bit of pain minor pains but hopefully
there's a tenant - anything serious is
found out that we're hoping later
tonight again so I'm about to be balling
out twice today and I'm just gonna go
home and relax now but I still got to
shoot some stuff for sneakerheads to be
like part three
i'ma do that tomorrow
what's your name are you from all you
know it okay
feeling like Heath Ledger rest in peace
guys hold up light on lights please
so you guys did something amazing
yesterday or today we asked you
yesterday in the vlog to click the
thumbs up if you wanted to if you wanted
Harris to come to the East Coast with me
next weekend or in two weeks because I'm
gonna be going next weekend but he can
only come the weekend I leave so we said
if we got 4,000 likes on the vlog he
would come and it's at 3,000 right now
it's it's 9:00 p.m. almost 10:00 p.m. so
that's crazy to me because that's like
one of the most likes we've ever got on
a vlog which is amazing which shows that
you guys love Harris
so because you love Harris we love you
well now we love you regardless but
shout out to every when I click the
thumbs up yeah man are you guys really
want Harris to come to the East Coast
but if it's only for reaches 4,000 so if
you haven't already go
thumbs up yesterday's vlog but first
thumbs up today's vlog for that amazing
wrestling match for these amazing
basketball highlights and I'm actually
going to play basketball again for the
second time today cuz I got the memo
that we are hooping at my old high
school so we are about to go play even
though I'm having these new knee issues
bald is life and it feels kind of good I
iced it so um should be good
should we get to go gonna take it a
little easy you know I'm saying because
already played today so I'm not trying
to pass out or anything you know
yeah we'll see you at the gym guys all
right guys so we are here American high
school my old stomping ground and we're
about to play knockout we played three
on three but we've got to play knockout
something set up the camera for you guys
you can see this intensity
yeah yeah
that crowd doesn't care you how does it
feel to win back-to-back no I made my
shots when the county yeah so I wasn't
having the best night
but now it's 2 a.m. and I'm in the
drive-thru line for Krispy Kreme donut
because that's what will get me to be
happy um so yeah about that munch down
on six Donuts probably only have like
two or three yeah right and I hope
everyone has a great lead from my Muslim
celebrating Eid I hope you have a great
day
I'm gonna go home after I get my
doughnuts and start editing this vlog
and then and then it's Friday and I hope
yep you guys have a great weekend
I'm gonna set a goal for you guys I said
this last time but you know just spend
the weekend with your family and just
make some memories okay I gotta pay for
my food so alright that's kind of rude I
shouldn't have cut you guys off like
that but I'm trying to put my camera in
a nice position I know that's too heavy
oh right here but yeah man just try to
make memories with your families and
get out of the house man get off your
phones get off the computer and make
memories you know oh no I'm fine thank
you I didn't get the moon thank you have
a good night just try to be nice to
people there's a lot of random people
who we are rude to and we don't even
notice it like maybe a waiter at a
restaurant or someone at the
drive-through you know never look down
on anyone because it's not fair to them
you know they they are doing their jobs
because they have families to support
and sure they might be having a bad day
like I've been rude to employees and
stuff because they were rude to me but
if someone's just doing their job and
you look down on them just because
they're working in a drive-through and
you have a better job that doesn't mean
you should treat them any lower than you
you know what I mean everyone should be
equal and just you know try to make
people smile like the other day
yesterday's vlog with me and Harris from
the drive-thru and the guy told us that
we made his night he had been working a
whole day
he's at the drive-thru all day people
come by get their food they don't
appreciate him but we took you know we
had fun with him you know we really we
gave him something he could go home and
tell somebody in his family about like
oh you will never believe these two
crazy bearded terrorists came to my
window today and they just were so
hilarious they called me Michael Jordan
so you know just trying to make
someone's day that's that's the goal for
this weekend spend time with your family
and make someone random smile random
person random his personal injury go up
to them told my joke tell
they look good do something like that
okay so yeah that's that's the goal for
this weekend and I'll try to do it too
so anyway about that in this vlog
because I'm going to get on the freeway
now and then be home and edit like I
said so love you guys man thank you for
sticking with me thank you for being a
part of this proof and the video this
Sunday meant
let's take your heads to be like part
two okay oh oh part three all right love
you guys looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you'll know what I feel
like got a lot of voice
