okay one time two time what one time I
promise to never do that to you guys
again
what up crew fam it's good to have you
guys here with me today because we're
gonna have a great day
because I'm going to kick it with the
crew today you are you know what it is
well not kick it we over here
business before pleasure we are shooting
sneakerheads to be like part three I'm
gonna make a stop before I get to
Harris's house but we're gonna be
shooting you know having a good time and
right off the bat because I know you
guys love in Harris's in the vlogs I
don't know if Sykes coming or not but
big thumbs up for this video
and so I know where my real dream co
pham is that you know what I'm saying so
anyway yeah withdrawals from last
night's Jay Cole & Sean concert man it
was great Oh
craziest thing so I go on Instagram and
I posted a picture like at 1:00 a.m.
which I never do because that's so late
you know you know you gotta get the most
likes you got a post prime time you know
but I just decided to post because I was
after the show and I wanted to post one
for Sean and one for Cole and I posted a
picture of the Big Sean set with Sean
and DJ Moe beats in it and Big Sean
liked my picture which is freaking dope
that shows that it shows that he looks
through who tags him and all that stuff
so I was pretty crazy shouts out to Big
Sean
mn just had a really great time last
night you know and now we are in a great
california√≠s traffic I shouldn't know
back then I was it goes fast cuz even
then I was infatuated with just sitting
at the top I said I should have known
back then and that I wasn't gonna stop
cuz even then I was infatuated with just
sitting at the top and I don't know
buddy in skyscrapers they get all this
Star Wars stuff bro you need this phone
you travel show your bag doesn't get
lost again I need this
now this next time you travel Oh guys
I'm playing this right here this is a
Star Wars fanatic so upsetting him it's
RT duty our team RT DT behind us right
now is that for the East Coast next
weekend I mean in two weeks you guys
comment down below if you want Harris to
come to the East Coast with me oh my god
what look we're gonna hear let's see why
that's your new kitchen
yep this video gets five thousand three
thousand likes
Harris has no choice but to come with me
to the East Coast yeah
Virginia though you can't cook four
thousand four thousand it's never
happened could never happen no four
thousand lights yeah and me in case I'll
go go to Virginia and we'll spend a
weekend so it's two days and it's
getting probably to the best of long as
you guys are gonna see so well I'm going
regardless for my cousin's way yeah I
won in New York first and then I'm gonna
be in VA for a couple days and then it's
my cousin's wedding and then he if he
comes you would come that weekend I
leave Saturday so let us know and it
will have like a little meet injury
creamy I think we need more cowbell more
cowbell what else was I gonna say oh
yeah I'll be it I'm gonna go to sneak
accountant in New York so Tom I sneak
your heads in the NY area I will be at
sneaker con New York so I'll let your
boy if y'all want to give me some free
shoes you know y'all got my number I'm
size 11 by the way hey Ben fam he's
having way too much fun right now
the JH j j8 set out to Jamie the great
he came through with another clutch
pickup shots out to the supplier I can't
tell you what it is yet he called me
last night he called me last night
oh he told you what it was yeah hey
Angie look out for me - fingers crossed
I gotta pick it up on Saturday it's
grails on grills on grails and it's -
shoes that's all I'm gonna say what a
pack I what's up guys so we got here is
this house about to film
swag up in here damn the self-proclaimed
champ
Najee you gotta pin me if you want that
thing you got a pin me come on fam okay
watch your back G watch your back swag
the Kurt we're gonna see who ends with
the championship by the end of this vlog
you got it right now but watch your back
G orange
cuz I got you orange right here fam
orange is the new black damn do it we in
Florida but it's gonna be some South
Beach tonight it's not beaches fan Hey
look at his hair look skinny or what
yeah Ramadan problems it did scare you G
cause his car dirty but your kicks clean
click whip whip clean kick game clean
you for me you know what the best
footage was from SF is when we were in
the car and we were doing know yourself
came on and me and you are held in sync
and I think we practiced that but we did
not practice it people Oh the hub thing
yeah I do that same thing with the honey
one time I was on your basketball game
and we said yeah eat and we both watch
that be large I think I've watched on me
like 50 times it's sort of gonna be logs
should have been a main Channel video
he's we have been half a mil of yesh
banger
it's been a hundred fifty something like
hunter 17 crazy crew TV line still
number one man yeah he was still no top
top crew TV video goes to swagger Diddy
oh yes Oh for Kings Channel off-camera
can't can't tell you my ideas you know
too many snakes out there you see this
grass of field feel the grass we've got
some start if you mow it there's some
snakes excuse me y'all ma TMZ TMZ let's
see how you been how's your relationship
I heard you're dating slide yeah I mean
him mean swagga good he's always busy
bye thanks bro TMZ honor what's up fam
hey man
and then there was two but we're going
to get dessert now we're not done
filming but swag left yama left just us
two we're gonna film some scenes who
hand scooped the prank no thank you
yes can I get one Oreo cookie milkshake
okay why no whipped cream and me the one
is a strawberry a strawberry and then
one more milkshake is strawberry no
whipped cream yes that's it thank you
three nice guy
no no I got it not me for I got it no no
no I got stop it stop it up for me
please they're not Niki that's fine this
week for the twenty one time three time
what time that's not game it's not good
game you're God you know in my country
we do the wrestling yeah thank you
Michael Michael like Jordan you're the
Michael is the man big shout out to
Jordan yes sir thank you
I baked video I send it to my mom in
Afghanistan and I show her what I'm
doing in America yeah you ought to say
hi no ok I won't with you Michael is it
shine Michael is right auntie Michael
say hi to you thanks you for everything
we all have milkshake today's shout-out
to slim I say happy birthday to him time
to hair is missing you dudes been way
too long
are you coming down
fingers crossed mrs. Lim I will see you
on the August first maybe hopefully
music good guys this weird route and
we're fasting at the same time and this
thing is just so beautiful it's so
simple and 75% of our earth is made of
it but it's so I think so many percent
of our body is made of the two lines all
75 percent cheeseburgers but that's
another story that's good the good jokes
okay
Michael is taking too long with our
milkshakes my crack goals me like this
guy cracked his phone twice in one week
twice in one week and I've had an iPhone
for nine years
and it was the first time I cracked it
in get it that he must connect it back
into the code to go on its reef all
right there you go thank you I love you
Michael what's up fam how you been
welcome we just got sponsored by Carl's
jr. to do a new taste test on these
hands scoop ice cream shakes and malts
so we're not getting paid but we're not
getting paid we paid them to do it so
here we go taste test
first of all big things - Michael you
made this good Wow Wow
you know I don't like the sweets I'm
more of like a entree type of dude but
uh man this is oh man do it like the
Food Network people do you know like
watching
your overall milkshake was great but I
feel like you lack in such areas as
sweetness and I think that if you were
to use a little more Tabasco sauce it
will give it a imp that it needed when I
crunched on it yes yes i grooved and all
very exquisitely and let me take another
test yes
not enough salt in here I can taste it
use way too many shrimps as opposed and
you didn't use the secret ingredient
which is trama yes so you know I'm it's
gonna be a new for me unfortunately
we're gonna have to cut you from
cutthroat kitchen good now if I would
get this at a restaurant I would send it
back I would eat it if it doesn't come
on outside I would send it away just not
tip five people problems but
city boys when you wear these you would
be enemy house you don't bring you a
glass of water you bring your wife make
a toast to you in the bathtub and wash
your back we the best
listen what is this come you ask me
I yield sweet a bit George I assure you
coming out here today maybe are you
being fair Chester of luck yo you cannot
win a trip every year live I know so
many kids come up to me asking you about
some shelter to the bug it's funny as
herelet be commencing like what she was
what sizes of shoe I tell them and then
they come back by try as far can you go
what's your name Jamie oh my god your
comes is free yeah watch the vlogs it
was yeah do watch honest thing is a big
fan show them what you got for me though
no just give them a preview you show
them the box it's okay Mirian here
trying to surprise you know they the
crew got a show
yeah comment down below if you know
what's in that box
toes damn Jamie coming through
hey hey bruh we got to do a new sneak
peak for you for crew kicks talk point
okay don't give it all the way you will
go give them a little bit of your kicks
not everything but up guys so I'm back
home or about to be home in like five
minutes
and it's 2:00 a.m.
2:31 a.m. about to edit this vlog so
I'm about to edit this vlog and then
call it a night and but I want to tell
you guys me and Harris had a wrestling
match today but I did not put it in this
vlog because I feel like this vlog was
so good so good and I'm gonna save him
for tomorrow's vlog so besides all the
other stuff that we told you to comment
down below also I want to see multiple
comments by the same usernames that's
what I want to see definitely comment
down below who you think won the
wrestling match for the championship
belt which is right here what do you
think I think won for the championship
belt comment down below it was me versus
Harris in an Extreme Rules match up and
that will be in tomorrow's vlog so stay
tuned for that other than that man thank
you for joining me for another day of my
life I'm pulling into my house and you
know I'm blessed to have you guys a part
of my crew the crew fam you guys are
amazing man and ever since I started the
vlogs back up it's just been so much
positive energy and so much love and it
has just been it lifted my spirits man
and it made me want to keep doing this
man so thank you to everyone who's you
know didn't give up on me didn't give up
on the crew and it's still here watching
the vlogs and it's still you know reppin
so it does mean a lot to me and don't
like I said yesterday it's not no it's
it doesn't go unnoticed so thank you
again I love you guys straight up
straight up positive energy every day
positive vibes you can't go wrong and
just try to surround yourself with my
advice for you guys today is to surround
yourself with people who make you better
and surround yourself with people who
believe in you okay don't hang out with
the friend who's always bringing you
down don't surround yourself with people
who are being lazy you know your dreams
are not gonna come true by imagining it
coming children your whole life you got
to make it happen you know so and spend
time with your family cuz that's the
most important thing you don't want to
regret that so I'm about to pack up all
my bag now pack up grab all my bags get
back home start editing this vlog
tomorrow the main event Harris versus
Geis part 1 if there's a rematch I can't
tell you guys you'll find out tomorrow
and uh yeah man
I love you guys have a great Thursday
and uh yeah that's it man
GOP signing out looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voice
