this year I'm gonna go to the or
whatever their watch
boo became fooled again
it's here guys
it is here the moment I have been
waiting for since I was like 10 years
old I've been wanting one of these and I
finally pulled the trigger so I I'm just
gonna come up with a special way to
unbox it how should I unbox it try to
find something we're gonna unbox it with
a lint roller okay let's try this out
super excited if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I asked you guys so I
got a few packages coming this week I
asked you guys how I should unbox things
like special ways and like unique ways I
got the idea from some guy named
Christopher he's a skater on YouTube I
don't know his last name but he unbox
his stuff he unboxed one thing with the
magnifying glass in the Sun it was
pretty dope and then he unboxed with
chopsticks and it actually works look
there we go we got it unboxed oh okay I
can't okay I'm gonna have to look at
this and then show it to you guys I told
you guys months ago that I will be the
world heavyweight champion and now like
I have said the champ is ladies and
gentlemen I present to you my World
Heavyweight Championship belt
look at that thing I've wanted one of
these since I was a little kid and it
just fits you feel like you have so much
power and why did I get it you guys are
thinking like why did you waste your
money on that you can't fight on
childhood memories okay this is like I
feel like walking into the gym with this
every day just to get my confidence up
it's just to make myself feel like damn
like I'm the man you know what I'm
saying so I just bought this as a sign
of you know motivation you know to get
to the top of my dreams you know what
I'm saying
so I don't know if you guys understand
like what I'm trying to say right now
but when I look at this it just makes me
want to like make my dreams reality even
if it's not even like being a pro
wrestler it's like
my career dreams or anything like that
you know what I'm saying so it just
makes you feel on top of the world so I
don't know if you guys understand where
I'm coming from but the champ is here
baby feel like Seth Rollins I feel like
I just cashed in my money in the bank
and I got my championship
I needed this for a video to intent and
yeah I should just fall I'm just gonna
vlog with this every day just like wake
up and be like what's up guys the champ
is here again and I'm just feeling like
the man right now let's just be honest
my BAE's going everywhere with me now
and we ain't putting on the seat belt
let's just be real alright guys I just
walked but I don't know if the new shoes
I love but my knee is killing me
I wrapped it up with my headband
maybe it's the pink sock I don't know
which is like a little pain
but nobody gives a damn about you
sup guys so just like the gym wasn't
feeling it today man my knee was killing
me for some reason I don't know I've
never had any problems shut up Eris and
yeah man it was just annoying me and I
just kept think it was frustrating me so
I just left we're just having a
one-on-one top right now guys oh because
appreciate this talk right now so all
tomorrow I'm going to start shooting
this weekend's video which I could tell
you guys by now it is going to be
sneakerheads be like part 3 now usually
when you make a part 2 or part 3 of a
video or of a movie or a song or
whatever it is it's never as good as the
first one you know what I'm saying but
when it comes to the sneakerheads videos
there's so much that you can target that
each one of them is really good I think
this one is going to be way better than
the first one and the second one because
the ideas I have for this one are
hilarious and they are so relatable
hashtag relatable so just the heads-up
sneakerheads be like part three is
coming out this Sunday I farted and I
need everyone's ongoing support because
we want this to go viral like the other
two did the other two are doing amazing
one of them's almost out of milk what's
going on
you know I got the W that we've Monday
Night Raw going on downstairs the Miz
getting chased down by Big Show
okay Oh RKO
RKO bam pin um
rested and see it Ryback going up top
game over
one two three anyway oh yeah
sneakerheads be like you know damn well
I'm throwing the easies and sneakerheads
be like Bombers feed me more
Suicide Squad trailer was insane did you
guys see that oh my god I got goose
bumps 2016 the year of villain movies
whoo well not really but it's the year
of good movies like we gotta wait a
whole year I hate how they released
share trailers a year before movies come
out
we got Star Wars at the end of this year
we got Avengers I believe next year
right is it nice year or 2017
I don't know man I always I always hear
these movies and I'm like I don't want
to be dead by then or I'm gonna be live
so hopefully I get to be alive and it's
Quan Chi
it's a horrible mindset but anyway this
is going on too long guys how long is it
it's like almost six minutes okay but
supplement fam yeah Ben fam world champ
fam
today's Tuesday yesterday was Monday the
first half of this vlog was Monday um I
decided to combine the two days because
yesterday was kind of a dull day and I
just didn't want to post that dull day
so first things first
those shoes are trash I'm gonna be
returning those actually I don't know
man
this is probably the worst Kobe that's
come out since the fives in the five no
the fives are good this is one of the
worst Kobe's period it looks cool it
looks dope I really like the design and
everything but they're not comfortable
on the court I hated the low tops and I
hate these like they were comfortable
but they were just so hard to break in
and so stiff back here they're going
right back to the box and they're
getting returned if you guys didn't know
Nike gives you 30 days to test out your
shoes so even though there weren't
warned you can store return them so
taking these motherfuckers back and I'm
going back to mine but I'm getting ready
to go to the gym and run some errands
and then sorry for the bad angle and
then concert tonight man super excited
to go see my boy Shawn Don he's not my
boy but when my inspirations gonna see
Shawn down I might go to the concert
like this so I'm gonna go see Shawn down
tonight and J Cole and yg I don't really
care about what I do but he's gonna give
us some slapper so it's gonna be late as
the kids say these days him and I'm
super excited I bought my tickets in
February so I've been waiting like five
months for this so
Forest Hills Drive tour tonight baby we
are in there BAM brah the train tracks
just went down I was about to pull a
fast and furious you feel me
and cut oh look at this dude right now
oh the highlight of my day
so you guys are gonna be really mad at
me but not gonna take my blog camera to
the Big Sean concert and J Cole concert
um it's just something that I didn't
want it it's just something that I cuz
you know first of all last concert I
went to they wouldn't even let me take
my camera in so I had to go walk all the
way back to my car so I prefer to just
leave the camera at home tonight you
know I'll get some footage on my phone
for sure for you guys so um yeah man but
let me show you guys what I'm rocking
with you know I'm rocking with the big
shine adidas so definitely this is a
must I take the in sold out because
they're not the most comfortable shoe
and I'm throwing in my Nike running shoe
and I don't know if I should wear this
hat or if I should wear my crew hat
that's right there but oh I wish I had
the other two adidas Big Sean collabs
but I don't but yeah but throw these on
and then I'm headed out and I also can't
really show you who I'm going with
because times a change and you know what
I'm saying so I bye guys
I'll see you guys when I get back from
this show well I have my phone so I'll
get a few things for you guys so this
isn't goodbye
it's watch
traffic subtle flow like that well make
the ground ball best
gonna get with everybody
this one
repeats itself is Ari Gold these rappers
always buy each other slows safety
they're my nigga Harris did we write the
roll just imagine but surely niggas have
your robos Nestor look around I'm a
white boy
about this already the name of the song
is called
Sancho pain I personally the song but
they area I'm gonna keep it under which
other day I'm gonna be honest when I
tell you honest I don't even know where
the fuck central pays
you paid me a million dollars right now
I couldn't point to that bitch over the
fucking back but what I do know is
central pays seems like the type of
place get really rich people go when
they got a lot of fucking money am i
right what do you want to go like
vacation on a yacht be photographed or
some cool water we see obtain glasses
and bikinis say like that title
if boo became food in
it's a man right now he got millions of
fucking dollars he got a billion dollars
he got everything that we think we need
he got the money
he got the big ass really got to
genetically unattainable white you got
everything that we think is the perfect
life right
we get somehow this dude is fucking
miserable rightfully but yeah you got
families but you got a family right now
that come from where we come from worse
conditions there where we come from they
couldn't afford it to get to this fucker
so right now we get some hang on they
got more happiness and joy it loves this
man ain't got shit oh yeah they have
what do they got the heat oh yeah
what do they got that he don't come
that's more alright guys don't mind my
white arms and my cut shirt I just got
home from the concert for sales drive
tour was a lit okay so let me show you
guys everything that I got because since
I had VIP tickets which were like the
first five rows all were considered VIP
first things first I wants to focus
right there
the Jay Cole Forest Hills Drive tour VIP
we got that like something that's
actually useful like you put your
headphones in there your iPod or
whatever little bag and then they gave
this they're just kind of pointless but
it's cool whatever
it's like a blue bandana that I'm not
gonna use and it just says Jay Cole in
the middle they didn't give any Big Sean
stuff which kind of sucks and then this
is the back it says Mountain View
California so they gave that and then oh
they gave these supplies is that's a
jelly cold tour 2015 so all the VIPs
stuff that's pretty much for Jay Cole
and then let me show you guys the tour
merge that I bought I bought the
straight-up clean
Greenville T you know I'm not the
biggest J Cole fan I mean I started
listening to him when he came out with
Friday Night Lights but you know I just
wanted to get one cool shirt to kind of
rip it so I got the dreamville shirt
shouts out to Jay Cole is really cool
guy we met him last time he was in the
Bay and then we got the paradise t-shirt
which is printed horribly it's crooked
as hell but it's still sick and then on
the back it says Big Sean his signature
and then dark sky paradise 2015 so this
one's pretty dope I got this one for
Harris to actually in Staples Center
this Sunday and Jamie the gray has extra
tickets
so I might pull a fast little mission
and go to that show we'll see what
happens you know what I'm saying but
anyway hope you guys enjoyed this 2-day
vlog even though it wasn't the best let
me put this back on my shoulder even
though it wasn't the best
I am your world heavyweight champion
case I would definitely and most start
that over
I will definitely appreciate it if you
guys help me out by giving it a thumbs
up and sharing it and shouts out to the
people who are posting on their
Instagram and snapchat and all that
Twitter and everything that telling
their followers to check out QoP check
out crew TV because those are the people
that you know really want to see crew
kicks launched and who really are loyal
loyal Woodrum crew members so don't
think your support doesn't go unnoticed
I see it all I see all the tweets I see
all the tags I might not reply to
everything but I do see it you know and
I'm sorry I'll try to reply to more of
you guys more of you guys because I want
to have that connection with you guys I
don't want to be that guy that never
replies to as homies you know doesn't
reply to his crew so fam we got to do
this together you know we go into the
top QoP
you say what you want it doesn't matter
it doesn't faze me
you could guys yeah I hear I hear the
voices in my head when I do achieve what
I want to achieve in my life I'm never
gonna forget where you guys are the
people really supported my dreams and my
dreams go bigger than YouTube or despite
what you guys some people think they
think that I'm out here just I have
goals to reach a certain amount of
subscribers know I have goals to be able
to put food on the plate of my family of
my future kids you know buy my parents
cars buy my parents houses now I'm not
gonna tell you I said this before I'm
not gonna tell you guys exactly what
major decisions I've made that are going
to be
up in the future but stick with the crew
stick with me and you will see in the
next few months why I am the world
heavyweight champion and I will remain
the world heavyweight champion you see
me on the small screen right now right
the computer screen well there's only
one more screen that I'm able to conquer
and I'm going for it that's all I could
say royal heavyweight champion q I'm out
of here
comment down below what my wrestling
name would be if I was a pro wrestler
random no love you guys
COO TV COO fan I'm out of here
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like that a lot of voices in my
