Bam Bam Bam is a beautiful Sunday
afternoon it's a beautiful day fam I
even BAM sup guys subfam oh yeah really
good to be home it's another Sunday
yesterday's vlog was pure fire emojis it
was really dope it was so good and it
was so entertaining and I love when
Harrison swagg vlog without me even
knowing because when I go home and start
editing i just find footage that i have
even seen you and it's just funny to me
so it's like a surprise you know it's
like me watching the long for the first
time so all damn there's hella traffic
so yeah man it was so good that i felt
like uploading it to the main channel
but then people would have been like
what is that you took a break and you
come back with that fault traffic on a
sunday got me feeling some type of way
after this musical feel i started from
the basement made it to the skyscrapers
the way out here at lowes try to get
some new kitchen tiles you know we
remaster in the kitchen so got to get
the kitchen tiles with subfam are you
been fam running sucks nice to meet you
got the whole squad squad goals first
passion look
I was going to get them tiles on tiles
on tiles on tiles so I found no longer
available we're in my Easy's like they
send beaters they are my bidders their
shoes okay where are your shoes I cut
these shorts to you can see I cut my
make my own style you feels me so we are
at the second most crowded place on a
Sunday besides the Disneyland we're at
costco now so i'm gonna get some costco
things that i'm excited because i bought
this towel and I've had my eye on it for
a while it's like opening something it's
a cool towel it's supposed to stay cool
when you let it so good for the gym and
either it's a big waste of money or it's
actually gonna work so we'll see what
are those what are them finally bruh
what are those what are those about to
test out the new Kobe's you know one
cock tease for the court so we're go see
how they work out
you
whoa all right so I just played
basketball for like two hours you need
to get some Gatorade or something in my
system man times and got to give you all
the Kobe review in the car and the
review of this micro band actually works
so you just wet it and then what is it
called the mission enduracool or
whatever the mission then whatever you
just wet this and then you Pam take the
water out and bam and then it stays cool
for like it stayed cool for like a good
like two hours and then I just redid it
right now so I just put it like this in
between games i was just wiping the
sweat off my face and I really works man
so it's pretty cool this is not a paid
sponsorship by the way I wish it was but
it wasn't and then the kobe 8 review I
mean the Kobe 10 review I wish it was a
kobe 8 but they don't make those anymore
most ladies looking at me hella weird
drive in and kicks so overall from day
one which is still you know getting used
to the shoe look at me to eight eight
out of ten and you know super stiff at
first but after a few games definitely
started to kind of break in and get
comfy my foot was a little loose in them
because i needed to retie on but i'm
super superstitious or after I time for
the first time I don't like to read
Wyant time because then I think I'm
gonna get hurt or something but that's
just me being superstitious but that did
happen the last time two times I rolled
my equals because I did untie my shoe in
between that so
just saying but anyway grip was cool it
was a little more than I needed like
there was times when I was trying to cut
to the go get a set a screen for someone
away from the ball and like it could get
caught on the ground and made me trip
but I mean just got to get used to
lifting my foot higher i guess but super
stiff in he at this area like i told you
yesterday there was one a time when I
went for a layup and I landed on my heel
and it just was so stiff that it just
felt like I thought I ripped my Achilles
for like it they went through my head
but I didn't thank God stood up and
finished but it was just super stiff and
it kind of hurt for a second and dammit
I think I just need to really play with
them more so as of right now eight at a
ten overall good basketball shoe great
for a few on an cool support I guess I
don't really care about ankle support I
like playing in low tops but I don't
like the low tops of these so I just
went with the high tops it's very
thinner than the Kobe nines as you can
see so that's a change i kind of like
that i like i like the lower I like on
you gotta figure out as in okay I like
the body of the kobe 9 and i like the
upper of the Kobe 10 so I wish those two
had a hybrid and that would be the
perfect basketball shoes so that's that
I'll give you more review in depth once
I get more into the shoe and once the
crew kicks channel launches guys um
we're gonna do on court like real on
court sneaker reviews me and my boy Phil
you guys know Phil he's gonna help me
out I told him I'll give him free shoes
as long as he helps me out so he's gonna
be helping me out we're gonna do encore
performance reviews for you guys um of
all the new basketball kicks except like
the wack Chinese brand ones and things
like that like we ain't gonna be messing
with know that none of those brands that
you can't even get in America or a
canada or most of europe like those
freaky like to Jamal Crawford shoes or
like the freaking peak shoes I will know
we ain't messing with that we are going
to be strictly Knightly Knightly
Knightly Nike Adidas and
maybe reebok I don't know what else is
there I'll mess with Lee leaning just
cuz Dwyane Wade but like that's an
actual good shoe but these others brand
shoes that we can't even get in America
and we mess with those but but y'all
asking me what we will deliver for you
guys okay so yo here's to all the stuff
we picked up from lowes you know got the
new tiles I'm not to see they're gonna
be great i'm too lazy just that I'm so
tired my mom got them good coming in
there is but I got some dope unboxings
for you guys this week okay so just wait
on it just wait on it I need to go on
the shower and I'll blow and a shower
more times at nine-thirty if you guys
missed other vlog you know obviously
wait for this to focus this flooring is
so old and disgusting and it's gonna be
gone soon we got the new fridge up in
this you know what I'm saying oh damn
it's looking kind of full right now I
don't know why I'm showing you guys this
wait to dip at the filter on didn't even
put the filter on I drank this water and
it's unfiltered it's disgusting it's a
straight toilet water disgusting I
didn't know anything oh I don't know
it's probably all the dark grey okay
here we go Hey so bill it's the next day
it's like twelve o'clock right now but
to upload this vlog but wanted to throw
in the last few words before I do we got
to get this channel to a hundred
thousand because I am dying to launch
crew cakes like I have so many ideas
that other people are doing now because
I'm sitting on them you know what I mean
like if you have an idea and you don't
do it someone else is gonna think of the
same idea so you need to do it before
they think of it so I have so many ideas
then I'm just holding on to them until
crew kicks launches but the thing is
other sneaker sneaker channels are
coming up with the same idea and it's
gonna mess up my vibe you know so I need
to make this channel reach 100,000
subscribers so like I said on my Twitter
yesterday man do whatever you guys have
to do man let's get crew TV to a honey k
let's build the crew tell a friend tell
your family share it on all your social
media on snapchat if you think
something's funny in the end of logs put
it in your snapchat so people can see it
and then they go watch it too man we
gotta together like honestly I'm nothing
without you guys like I can grow without
you guys so also like I said yesterday
I'm getting some packages and I want to
make the unboxings interesting for you
guys so comment down below how I should
unbox it I want to unbox it weird maybe
like unbox it with like a pin unbox it
with like a spoon unbox it by just using
your feet something interesting you know
I mean just to make it fun for you guys
uh and they're not sneakers either
they're just random stuff so anyway
thanks for watching hit that thumbs up
love you guys see you tomorrow and
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot
