money rules the money talks morning miss
him so I was gonna kill you
sup guys it's Monday please go vote for
me on men but Monday's Instagram alright
guys good morning going to San Francisco
for the day these guys looking like they
about to go camping for a month it's all
these bags easy on TS and minutes today
welcome to my crib done god damn you
just have out of the trunk Arad told you
I'm gonna question is
what's up fam ily family let's have a
good fun day don't know what we're
actually gonna do but I think we're
gonna yeah yeah so come along and enjoy
this ride with us
damn the visas you want to hit him with
us once in the morning 100 or what and
the bike morning would be there right
now you know that the mindset all of a
sudden reppin USA USA this muddy chink
has money much money rules the money
talks
it's a beard gang I use butter for my
beard of the whores ass game time I
can't believe it's not butter pretty
much and yeah here we go
and Oh we'll do the don't judge me
challenge good and then
was he doing
that's why I'll do that do this alright
kicks of the day here we go first one up
mister swaggy Diddy in the what
go ahead explain yourself undies you
know you're getting a little too closer
to my shaft you not Mike what's his name
Samuel Jackson talking about Samuel oh
shut up - Samuel Jackson denims what you
up do myself
don't I'm not a baby ok sorry next you
got your boy HK and the LeBron one
blacks blue time crisis card dirty put
my shoes clean yeah undead sock these
bad boys 2004 no big deal
longest relationship I've ever had with
my shoes no okay see you all in the
seventh see y'all in SF
that one sound $60 and then next up in
the crew we have mr. kise Omar
he's rocking oh gosh alright guys we are
in the city right now finally it's been
a minute since we've had a city vlog and
the crews together it's my TV my second
okay we need to get Harrison new wallet
that's the main priority here please
tweet me or let me watch we're gonna buy
today so yeah you guys are gonna find
out what wallet I'm gonna get stretched
on hold yeah show me old wallet money
but you know first first stop always
like and then after that just hit a
random spot we're gonna go check out
roof la for the first time
Rissa so I'm gonna try on the KD AIDS
because I need some new hoop shoes
because I've been pooping the hella
Haven fam me coffin all of a sudden Kobe
fent
this is need to give to my brother Adam
he doesn't know pregnancy this fall his
life
all of a sudden so I tried on the KDS
and they were pretty comfy but you know
I gotta go off with my boy Toby
those are my skate shoes I went with the
rose gold new hoop shoes come into a
basketball court near you nice is
attempting to do something I don't know
what it is anymore
all of a sudden it isn't
I need to try it it digs explain
two bags SF cash out boys these boys but
the real question is what are those
fucking funny and on me I'm a fucking
rip your face off bitch here's the China
get on the SF tab chat story everybody
first time here in San Francisco look at
the bkk Wow hey what's good
cats up to the homie what's up man yeah
QoP Albania
thank you brother Swaggart Diddy yo we
wear sneakers
give a hug there you go follow me to a
KB that's it here we sit follow him he
told me thank you for bringing the vlogs
back thank you for watching fam love you
man that's not my real Twitter a beam up
kV abhi and a BKB that's where this all
right so rather Deena's right now in
here has found his new hoop shoe
so I really like these right here like
these are dope dude I really want to get
you some kind of a 150 her though but
these are hard if Kanye worthy is the
highway but I'm gonna wait trying to see
if I get those for like under and these
are nice too but I mess with those stuff
that goes with your outfit right now G
so I'm riding a scooter right now this
thing's pretty tight just kidding
I'm not writing anything this is going
up or down down down so guys we're
leaving the city area and we're all
actually we're gonna still stay in the
city or you're gonna go check out riff
la rue felt great
I can't rush it up man that's his road
trip road trip waters oh that's where my
lease is wandering I guess so we're here
at Japantown rip is located over here
about to go check it out you know see if
we get some steals what'd you get in boy
that
hella tight' yeah take the in-store
input like y'all ready okay hold on whoa
I look really dark right now okay there
we go so we didn't buy anything from
ripp you know they just didn't have what
we need
oh yeah Harris bought some Jason Mark
show them the bag there you go so we
aren't empty-handed
but now we're gonna are we gonna go to
diamond yeah alright we're gonna go to
Diamond Supply cuz Harris needs into
wallet we haven't found them a wallet
yet and I want to get a coin bag if
Harris doesn't give me his extra one
that he is you know what I'm saying what
are those and yeah my hair's looking
like what did you say I look like Shawn
hunter
from Boy Meets World mr. Feeny
so in yesterday's vlog I said who would
win in a wrestling match me or Harris
and swag but read that comment again my
ex did man all right what does it say
what does it say it basically said
Harris would win because she's stronger
system girl there's a girl
thanks Bruce Jenner you'd wish you'd win
the Divas Championship that's where
circa sure G not for sure here first
I guess you wanna show me your wallet gu
new wallet we've got your new hey VIN
fam Haven family we leave in the city
listenin to over your radio special kind
of over your radio is this an item
playing oh yeah
so we hit it we kept it real simple
they it reminds me of the like those
Louis Vuitton wallets when they paint on
it and stuff you know I mean or praying
to Ariza like that and the entire Bosnia
Wonder Woman
let's go you find the upgraded gee I
wonder same colors as your old one
though right I don't really like
carrying cash since I like those Alone's
but you know when we do carry cash it's
good to keep a nice and safe and show
them what else you bought G show them
the 50 other things you bought which is
the same exact thing
Jason mark diamond collab brush so is
the dinging blank my FAFSA this later on
flexing on these cats one time there's
not much to say fam this is it
music okay exactly that's a picture so
it was a good dance and Cisco dis
shopping we don't care about your
fasting bro Tice no one gives up a boxer
Inc overall a lot of people do guys
trending worldwide
I see people were making pray for cute
that people were me oh my god leaving
almost they ran into the car people were
making Twitter accounts for cases they
were also making it for as a warrior
thinking well don't worry about the
sticker right here it says crew on it so
it's like kind of cool under brim
stickers are fine just take this shit
off the top take it off the top and then
like how you been fam so pretty much
people who think that I owe you
payback and you notice it's Jake talking
on the radio's yeah he'll talk
I might declare ramadasu this bucket get
back on the road this video is brought
to you by alloy we decided to stop at
prestige in Alameda
it's a sneaker store receipt worldwide
but we just never been here before we
thought we'd stop by see what kind of
gems they got in here that's pretty dope
they leave kicks out here like they just
got these cakes chillin for any like
homeless person to come get or whatever
check it out let's go check outside
so guys I'm home and this is my Saturday
night just me alone in the room but let
me show you guys some things I'm sure
you guys what I picked up from San
Francisco today I've got a few things
but let me give you guys a little review
after wearing these for the first time
super comfortable I quote oh that heel
drag though that gum though what is that
is that paint chip no no that's just
dirt huh no me I'm not wanted stress
over their shoes they're meant to be
worn and that looks like it could be
easy cleaning when I use some Jason mark
on it so whatever I'm not tripping but
very comfortable feel like they need to
be broken in a little bit and I think I
did that today and you know it's just
like a steroid on it's a rush run on
steroids which hair is said so I'm just
gonna keep quoting him so they're cool
though shouts out to the easies but let
me show you guys what I bought I'm gonna
wear I'm wearing about these shorts
they're like camo Nike Training shorts I
got these for like nine bucks at the
marina clearance store so it was a steal
and then I got this for working out this
is a nice black Nike Pro combat sure
$9.99 so original price is like what 28
and then I got this Flyknit not flying
it this knit shirt and I also got this
for working out to play basketball on
this the original price of this is 80
bucks I got it for being $14.99 so
that's a steal Nike marina it's like one
of the cheapest stores and then I got
the Kobe's my new hoop shoes right here
is excited to play in these I'll
definitely let you guys know how they
feel on court the super stiff in this
area I don't know if they did that
because of his Achilles but it kind of
bothers me when I was stepping around in
them okay it's like focusing on the
easies and not the Kobe's alright let's
just stick to Kobe for right now and
yeah so this might be a problem I
actually hoped in the low top ones when
I had them in a size 10 and they fit a
little loose so for these ones I went
with a 9 and a half and they fit cool
it's just this area's very snug and I
don't know if I'm gonna be comfortable
with that on the court something like
that just throws off everything when I'm
playing basketball like I just feel
uncomfortable you know what I mean I'm
sure did all the Hooper's watching this
can relate on that's pretty cool you can
see through that I think I'm pretty much
like done with sneakers there's nothing
really else coming out this year that I
want I'm not a fan of the 7210 Elevens I
do want shattered backboard ones and I
do want if they release the ovo tens and
anything with the name easy on it you
know I'm a high beast for that so
nothing really else that I really want
so I'm pretty satisfied with my
collection right now super excited to
you know where the easy is more because
I'm going to VA at the end of this month
for my cousin's wedding so I'm gonna
take those with me definitely you know
and a mint sneaker talks be like I'm
sorry if I'm boring any of you
non-secret
my deepest apologies guys I forgot to
show you this Nike golf hat I got even
though I don't golf but I think it's
pretty cool I got this hat it's got like
the velcro strap is it a golf hat
it might be tennis is this a sticker No
let's see estimated guess $25 actual
retail protist tennis actual retail
price ding ding ding 16 $6.99
so I know I think I look kind of funny
with it on let me show you good welcome
to Chinese I don't know my guys work out
in it like that douche bag at the gym
that wears a hat like this what's up bro
what you looked at I don't live for its
tone and then I got this from the
diamond supply store I thought it was
pretty cool
it's simple black snapback but the thing
about this hat is that the material is
if you can see is uh I don't want to be
like an idiot and not say the right
material polyester and spandex there we
go that's the little word I was looking
for it has spandex in it how am I
supposed to be a fashion guy but I don't
even know the correct terms but you
could see that and it's pretty cool
because it goes all the way to the brim
like spandex and the brim like you can
bend it like this it's like super dope
and I kind of looks weird on me too this
hat walk out the Chinese okay
actually this one looks pretty dope 36
Hana buttercup
oh okay we went on a shopping spree
this is pencil pouches just be fun and
random stuff in my house man
alright peeps about to call it a night
just 12:41
the hell is this
Thurmond are you guys about to end this
vlog I'm gonna start editing it I throw
it back today my hair is getting banged
out but you guys think keep up tell
Harrison so Ike told me to cut it but
keep it growing or cut it what do you
guys think comment down below and before
I go let's just say let's just see if we
can make history here and get three
thousand likes in one day on this vlog
the powers in your hands okay
so let's make it happen and if it does
happen then tomorrow in the next vlog I
will
do a backflip into a pool
it's the only thing I can think I know
okay smite cycles just off the swag
inherence for the day and SFI really
needed it he did some guy time that's
for sure so yeah
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head when I hear
right
you must think it
