what's going on guys so your boys
starting to vlog a little late in the
day but I've literally just got my day
started it's been a crazy morning
because I've just been promoting the
online drop we had we dropped all the
tour merch and just been taking care of
other business you know things and all
that good stuff but now we're having
some fun because we're shopping and I'm
here with a special guest who's here
from out of town what you guys doing you
bought blazing air in the building
me and Kai's out here just kind of
shopping out on Rodeo Melrose first time
here so I got a ball out a little bit
you know
YouTube's getting good for him so he got
them checks you know I'm saying he's
about to go hard right now we looking at
the what is it what is this brand that
Travis Scott it's a very and that Travis
collab with but I don't know how I feel
about the denim like the actual answer
I'm not a fan of the wash I like the
hoodie this is the hoodie but
unfortunately the sizing is really
really bad like he fits in Excel and bra
if he fits in Excel I'm like a 6x at
least bruh anyway we're at Barneys right
now we're gonna hit up a few stores on
Rodeo and we might go to Mag Park if we
have time I know Mina's coming later
today so I gotta figure out what time
she's coming but we're just looking
around having a good time catching these
la vibes and uh
hopefully we buy some stuff today we'll
see I scream outside of Gucci it's lit
you surprised your here he was just
watching a nice morning what you getting
these are here and I like you to have
the same pair yeah you know it could
pass off right these are hard to I
really want these these are fire
I want those but I'm not gonna happen
right now all right guys so blazing
there he's like spending his whole life
savings Gucci store I'm taking it easy
just because I'm gonna be shopping with
Mena tomorrow we're gonna get like
matching shoes for the engagement let's
look at the Gucci way how about the
pillow well now you don't need that
relax relax I told you to get everything
else don't get the pillow all right guys
I'm at the Gucci store and I feel like
the dad for some reason today I know I'm
old but I feel like the dad you know
watching my son spend a lot of money but
it's okay he deserves it he's been
killing it on YouTube he's a you know he
doesn't have access to these types of
stores in and on the East Coast where he
lives I believe he lives in North
Carolina so they don't have like Gucci
and stuff over there and you done yet
man spent his whole whole YouTube
check-in in one Gucci visit I'm just
kidding guys he's controlling himself
surprisingly they're letting us actually
film in here which is crazy
kemberly yeah shout to the Gucci store
well I think if you spent money you get
a little bit of a pass
alright guys so crazy experience right
now because they kept the Gucci store
open for us an extra hour just cuz you
know your man's have to call his bank
account let him know he's spending some
M's
but yeah we were in the Gucci store by
ourselves it was pretty lit so yeah I'm
not gonna tell you guys well he bought
cuz obviously he bought it so it's gonna
be on his channel
so go to his channel I'm gonna link it
down below if you go check it out I
didn't buy anything like I told you guys
I'm controlling myself cuz tomorrow
Mina's coming or she's coming tonight
and then tomorrow we have some shopping
to do for our engagement so I got a word
I got to get my priorities right for the
day just for today though I'm saying but
yeah I don't I don't know we might have
more time to go to now we few more
stores I gotta be back by 9:00 so we
have a hour and a half so you know let's
make some news guys okay so we were
having a grand old time at Gucci on
Rodeo and we didn't realize that
Barney's where we parked my car closed
and they closed the garage so my car is
trapped inside like let me show you guys
the gate and we there's literally nobody
inside of the store like
bruh
I got my parking validated to like bruh
what is going no that's it that's like
the only way like yeah there's a car
right here so I'm hoping this person
comes out
I know security can just open it but
where is security yeah I mean yeah yeah
they're not gonna tow it but I'm gonna
have to pay for overnight parking and
I'm not I mean I'm not stressing too
much because I mean whatever we can just
over but damn they got me they stole my
car damn it
hello Oh what if I call let me try to
call so we got our parking validated and
everything and we just rushed over here
cuz I believe you guys let us let people
park until 8:00 p.m. correct you close
at 7:00 and then I was told that we have
until 8:00 to move the car out m-series
it's wrapped it has like a design on it
too so it's pretty easy to find you see
thank you so much thank you so much hell
yeah shout-out to Barney's boy you know
they're gonna open it for us I guess so
lit tea nice you gotta be have manners
ladies and gentlemen have banners and
you can get stuff done unless you're on
hold for 52 minutes then you push a
little bit there the reason why to your
bank yeah your bank made us wait at
Gucci for 40 minutes for his credit
limit to be are not credit his spending
limit to be higher but anyway office the
time it is I don't know if we have time
to hit up mag
bujji shopping a youtuber yeah really
mm-hmm he used to buy the only car in
here but this happens off there or what
wow that was one heck of a journey yeah
thank God I have to leave my car
overnight cuz I would have been a pain
to come pick it up again they were very
helpful shout out the Barneys New York
shout out the Gucci to for letting us
film hello
that was crazy surprised and God like I
really have a camera like this crazy man
alright guys so we're saying bye to the
man yeah well all good things come to an
end however something Goods coming up in
the future shall we say it I mean we
said it in your vlog we might as well
tease it in my vlog - I said it in your
so you could say it in mind alright
let's just say collab coming soon right
but it's a it's not a video this is this
is a video club you know we can do this
whenever I can hop on a plane come film
a video whenever there's an opportunity
coming in the future
near sleazy con let's just say need some
new clothing soon Oh new clothing indeed
new clothing for the price of $49.99
merch go pursue all right I'll see you
in Vegas Vegas I'll see you soon yeah
bro you want to come get a tat with me
no I'm good I'm not getting at that I'm
good I'm good alright guys I'll see you
at home so it's like 1:00 a.m. right now
it's kind of late I'm really crapped out
because one of the main things that I
was gonna post in today's video I
accidentally deleted I filmed it like
three days ago it was an unboxing it was
just very very important unboxing and I
accidentally deleted the footage so I
need to refill mitt but it's not gonna
be the same so this vlog might be very
very short for the first time in a while
so I apologize for that but I think it
was still a dope vlog there is some good
news though as promised when we did the
pre-order for the 10-year anniversary
merch which is finally shipping out to
all you guys we said we're gonna give to
people we're gonna have to Yeezys to
give away for that and finally GM packed
them up and he sent them out so GM
takeover giveaway hosted by GM today
we'll be giving away these exclusive
yellow 350 v2 s VIII's are know what the
hell they're called but yeah somebody
just won them so good luck okay
obviously that was a joke Jim now really
take over alright guys so these are the
actually the shoes that we're gonna give
away right here I already chose two
winners the winners were chosen based
off of the pre-order items that you
ordered anybody who ordered one of the
pre-order items got one entry into the
giveaway so I have selected two winners
over here which I'll be giving them so
congratulations to these two winners and
thank you everybody else for
participating in this will be doing
another giveaway soon so stay tuned for
the two lucky people who do end up
receiving the two free Easy's
congratulations hopefully the people who
do receive them unbox them on camera so
if you do end up getting your package
please unbox it so we can get your
reaction and then send it to me tweet it
to me and then I'll contact you and show
me proof that you won obviously and then
I'll contact you and then I'll tell you
guys how to send me the footage
and we'll go from there so other than
that that's pretty much all I have for
you guys today because again I deleted
most of the vlog on accident and
hopefully you guys enjoyed shout out to
all the positive comments on yesterday's
vlog I really do appreciate it there was
some that really really put me in a
great mood so I really appreciate you
guys and that's it hit the thumbs up
more positive comments down below don't
forget dream crew turmeric is still
available there's a few items that did
sell out the socks sold out in ten
seconds I think ten seconds the song
sold out the champion shirt shorts sold
out all the hoodie sold out except large
at the moment there's large hoodies left
there's a few shirts left in each size
so I can DD fidget spitters are left
surprisingly the CREP wipes are still
left we actually had a lot of the crap
wipes but the kreb wipes are still left
and the hats we have them feel like 20
hats left so get your merch before it's
gone once it's gone done forever never
making that stuff again all you have
three embalmers aren't there two so if
you want three embalmer and get it now
so yeah dream crew calm make sure you
guys check that out and that's gonna
wrap up the vlog I'm out of here
love you guys
