what's up dream crew family um first off
right off the bat you guys are always
used to seeing my face but today I'm
feeling ugly so I'm just gonna keep the
attention on these here Sneaky's you
know fills me so first off let's go
ahead and waste no time I told you guys
I was going to do a review my review
since everyone else is doing it too on
YouTube I'm going to give you the QoP
review the Q TV crew kicks review of the
air oh my god I already messed up of the
Yeezy boost 350 not the air this is not
a Nike sneakers this is Kanye's adidas
sneaker you got the Kim K self flip
selfish book selfie book
we got the you know I tried to set up
some cute little background there anyway
let's go ahead and get into it first
things first a box looks like something
you could pick up from an arts and
crafts store yes it is how do we know
it's easy because they've got it printed
right there easy as you guys can see
size 10 everybody saying they fit big so
go a size down no I'm going with my size
which is a nine and a half ten because I
like to be a little comfy
I don't either have a little big than a
little tight you know I'm saying as you
guys can see right here I did not get my
pair for retail I got my pair of pair oh
I got my pair from soul supremacy check
out social supremacy they got an online
shop um but I got my in-store from them
to hook that up shuts out the Christian
Derrick and and yeah so shuts off the
supremacy okay that's enough of the box
and my guys only care about that how
about the Yeezy boost 350s right off the
bat just a sneaker for you okay I mean
you guys have already seen a million
pictures for the people who don't know
too much about the
shoo here it is
you know they made more pairs of these
than the 750s according to adidas but
apparently people still chew them up and
bottom out and resold the crap out of
them because they're we're still a
little hard to get you know there's a
lot more opportunities by him in LA
Chicago and New York as far as the
adidas app which is complete trash and
does not work for me here it is man I
mean I can show it to you in every angle
possible and at first my initial
thoughts when I saw him in person was is
this a legendary shoe to the Kanye line
now I'm including the Louis Vuitton's
the Nikes even the Reeboks the Kanye
Reebok samples like does this fit in
that category and at first I thought no
because to me this looks like let me
bring out the first comparison a Nike
Roche run okay and I got the easy
inspired ID ones right here just to add
some more flavor but obviously they went
with the bottom the bottom is very
similar the base definitely a little
similar that toe box is very similar and
I to me it's just not something too
legendary in the Kanye clothing sneaker
era but after finally getting my pair
and you know kind of really looking at
it and seeing him rock it kind of
changed my mind I mean it's a Kanye shoe
it has his name on it if it didn't have
his name on it it would just be another
shoe sitting on shelves from adidas but
you know Kanye liked it
it's his sneaker so I have no choice but
to put it into that category is one of
his legendary sneakers that he's created
I like this colorway way more than the
black one that's going to be coming out
as you guys can see full boost inside
this mall and they got the exposed boots
right there and then they got this
little you know the same bottom design
they had for the for the 750 and well
guys I'm not going to give you the terms
like all these other
you do like oh you've got that synthetic
nylon blah blah blah like come on imma
keep it streets with you be talking
about sneakers like it's just me and you
kickin it like we're not gonna get here
and get that's not going to make you
want to buy this shoe I'm trying to
convince you to buy the shoe buy my
opinion and yeah man so all I can say is
that if you're gonna buy this shoe just
you know I don't think it's worth a
thousand dollars um I didn't pay a
thousand I paid a little more than five
hundred I'll say that but just be make
sure you really want them see them in
person try them on and wear them don't
gonna don't buy him if you're just going
to let them sit there in your room you
know what I'm saying so um yeah man just
definitely buy them and waste your money
on them if you're gonna wear them like
I'm gonna wear the crap out of these
when I go to the East Coast later this
month this is going to be my straight
East Coast summer shoe now I wanted to
compare it to another city person let me
go grab it don't mind guys don't mind
this sneaker being so dirty I do wear my
sneakers as you guys know so these ones
are a little beat and I did try to Jason
mark them but let's compare the new
second model of the adidas Yeezy 2 the
second Nike model of the Nike easy nine
times out of ten I'm taking this shoe
over this shoe this is just way more
legendary to me you know I'm saying so
my pair of super beat but what do you
guys think
comparing the deadest line to the to the
Nike Z line like what's your guys's
opinion I'm kind of happy that he's not
with Nike anymore because I feel like
we're gonna get a lot more easy shoes
and clothing obviously so it's not
holding him back and this shoe is
definitely 10 times weigh it harder to
get thin this shoe in my opinion because
obviously I didn't get this shoe and the
resale is 10 times more than not 10
times but double the resale this one so
I'm kind of happy he's with the D just
now but then I'm kind of not but then I
kind of
and as a personal Kanye fan let me show
you the proof again as a personal Kanye
fan man as long as he's happy and he's
getting he's able to design what he
wants to design and I can't complain man
so hopefully the black version of these
is easy to cop to and hopefully we get
another colorway at the 750 because I
missed out on the 750 I can't keep
looking I can't babe I love you go hope
you guys enjoyed my review of the 7 oh
my god I keep messing I hope you guys
enjoy my review of the 350 easy
adidas let me know does the adidas jump
over the nike crickets ok um
comment down below guys did you guys
enjoy this review more like a more of an
opinion rather than an review but uh let
me know if you guys want me to do more
of these ok and QoP as out of here Yeezy
season is approaching
