got our little pictures with the badges
the MBAs Reagan Bush did not love it you
already said that judge oh so I'm all
alone right now guys going to the game
by myself but it's game five I swear to
god these past few days I've got I feel
like they haven't played in like a week
honestly talking to myself right now
I've got some special guests though
basically game seven
no everyone this one's at all no these
are game five guys no yeah um be the
Warriors so we're super excited to go as
you guys can see it's Sunday we even
this is the game that we were planning
to go to and we're all here or Investec
plans work out anyway we're gonna go eat
first because we're not trying to eat at
the arena because they're trying to
charge $30 for a freaking hot dog so
we're gonna go eat first is it cancer
I'll give you $80 for ketchup yeah
this is the hunting section Harris is
wearing those shoes in honor of the guy
that he bought it for off of on eBay so
I bought it from some dude on ebay and
I've been looking for these shoes for a
while
he's a 51 year old dude and student at
51 year old senior head and he told me
that he bragged to all of his friends
had a part of them get the finals he's
from Alabama and Alabama so shout-out to
you because it's finger up and put it in
size issue the party yeah my toes really
jammed on my right foot right now like
language language so we just got to the
arena and they're giving away free
warriors flags and we're all the workers
gave us like a whole bunch right now I'm
using my phone again because last time
they wouldn't let me take my gold Pro
about to have a great time
hopefully we're go up whoever wins this
game's gonna have a clear advantage
going into the game six but feels good
to be a man Oracle that's gonna be crazy
I'm so excited dude
no little bit the little bit yeah you
keep going up the yellow steps hey
thanks for bringing it to LA
and here's another hit baby fine
one more win a man it's so live right
now like they actually want everything
it's still got one more game guys they
still got one more win y'all cuz I get
too excited here
I got you mr. Toman on video so we live
in the arena we had a hell a good time
Harris not feeling too good check these
out we got our little pictures with the
badges MB is Reagan Bush did 9/11 you
already said that
oh and we got the lanyards you know we
just had a great day man and guess how
much we paid for our tickets three
hundred and fifty dollars you know why
because if you know the plug you know
what I'm saying in the last game the
last game I went to I paid $150 so how
much for a $500 whoo
I'm not gonna tell you guys how because
that's my secret I'm sorry but yeah baby
we me and y'all are really thinking
about going to game six in Cleveland
so if anybody's from Cleveland I'm gonna
stay out of your house got a place for
us to stay let me know Harris you might
make a spot alright guys so we back home
about to hit the hot tub you know
celebrate like the Cavs did when they
won two Eastern finals you know the
commas eres he had a headache so Cavs
lost he has a headaches I'm having the
best day in over on so guys pray for him
called the hotline or whatever
who's hot fam it was hot not like
because it was like now I
temperature-wise but like it was hot in
the arena to me like we made him wear
like slate it was hot pan you know it
was half bad it was hot and like ma'am
you have a mustache you know you know I
won I won the game today I hit some
tough shots over-delivered no don't
don't don't I still have a cuddle
you need to tell him I need you
hi guys we hit the pool the hot tub
right now guys night out
looks like a creeper you know we never
interview right now
excuse me sir how do you feel hello
everyone welcome to European MTV what's
up G
hey what are you been found it wasn't on
the list
dark sky paradise bro after a great guy
we got to quit find some ki k let's do
this just we haven't done this in a
while
alright let me run on this side ready
they give me what nobody's giving a 100
ok we'll be back to you after this short
message do you suffer from chronic low
back pain my back
well I hope your back gets better but
you should try our sprite the number one
leading cause of rappers thinking
they're good already
alright ready so my 100 is they only
miss you when you're gone yeah Chris
even if you hate LeBron you have to
respect him and his game yeah yeah Wow
Wow life is really simple but we insist
on making it constipated complicated
every time our door closes another one
opens
just don't hurt your back my back hey
are you tired of waking up in the
morning and not being able to satisfy
your significant other well now you
don't have to worry with our new product
Tarkio the number one leading brand this
is this oh it's vegan
oh it's tofu so its not real bacon right
QE duty here we're gonna do hi hey are
you tired of not some good action hey
they're sick of paying for your tire
insurance are so expensive cheese sticks
cheese sticks are a leading cause of
diarrhea through America but wait a
minute just when you thought this deal
couldn't even get any better it will cuz
if you order one cheese stick it's 8:15
in the month call the number on your
screen one eight five five cheese sticks
you won't be disappointed it's right
here get those really bad wheels good
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision creatures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one then those ain't
laughs in a while I'll talk to
