vocals sort of loser about to get rid of
the beard it's ready for this morning 3
the hardened way screw James Harden you
got the douchebag goatee going on right
now ha how about the police mustache all
clean and spiffy my so-called diet like
the way I chew huh yeah it was some
unknown vidya some wish you came in the
dough there is all over the place man
awkward stages of hair you know I'm
saying so check it out guys we got them
all right now friday night about to get
some fits for the club tonight but to be
public I'm just kidding not going out
tonight got to go play basketball a
little later but we at the mall looking
like a peach I mean look like a peach
Island amazing I want to go anywhere I
just came with you anyway so check this
out guys I've spending most of my date
night I'm just spending thinking not
spending thinking the whole day about
the third channel because even though
it's got a while before we hit
100,000 I want to be prepared or you
can't see me so I'm trying to come up
with names and i think the best thing to
do is to stick with crew kicks so by the
end of this vlog i'm going to create the
account and have you guys start
subscribing now and then they will be
open for you guys to subscribe and then
i'll upload the first video to the third
channel once who TV reaches 100,000
subscribers so better to be prepared
than to wait and i'm saying so this is
opportunity for you guys to be part of
the new channel before anyone else you
know it could be a part of history who
knows where this channel is going to
take us man because this channel in my
goal is to make this channel the best
you could channel on youtube so number
one you feels me i'm pretty sure i've
told you guys just like five times but
my first job ever was that express i
worked after like four years man I work
my way above the manager not the store
manager but like a keyholder man Eugene
on saying so I started from the bottom
eel so it's time to go hoop guys you
know gotta stay on the car do you know
I'm saying gotta stay on a baby cuz if
you want to be what you want to be you
gotta work hard you know I'm saying cuz
i will be the world heavyweight
I saw ma here at my old high school
american pie in fremont and about to
show you guys the old chords so when I
first started getting into basketball it
was like my junior year I think my
junior year and I was gonna know my
sophomore year sophomore year that's
when I really started getting at the
basketball which was like 2005-2006 and
I was pooping out here at lunchtime
right there and I rolled my ankle in my
Air Force Ones and then I wasn't able to
try out for the basketball team and I
said ruined my life after that but yeah
that's the reason why I did until high
school boy n plus the coach was a dick
so what up y'all know we got done hoopin
I'm dead tired my knees are done I'm
getting old man i was still bottled on
them though you know we lost every game
it's all good
well we want a few in the beginning but
but we are buffalo wild wings now
because we have a
my dad was supposed to start today but
it's not happening it's gonna start
tomorrow and if it doesn't start
tomorrow it's going to start Sunday and
it's probably not going to start Sunday
so monday the start of the week or no
monday the other us monday so monday
desire start
what is today's friday so saturday for
you guys watching it okay yeah man when
I get home I'm going to create the third
channel for you guys do you guys could
subscribe to it already right hey
got sauce on the wings
alright guys I'm tired it's almost 1am
so I see
flexpay killa cam hi Robbie I'll see you
guys when we get home
vogel what's up guys i need to raise my
camera higher so i could see me so i'm
currently creating the third so i'm
currently creating the third youtube
channel you know history in the making
depending on a lot of factors but before
I hype it up man I just want to let you
guys know that thank you for all the
support again thank you guys for sixty
thousand subscribers on this channel
crew TV and I'm going to get started on
creating a new channel and again i'm
going to start uploading on the new
channel which is going to be strictly
sneaker and fashion videos a lot of
people were asking me if i'm going to do
just sneakers or am i also going to
include fashion but yeah i'm going to
include fashion once a month i'm going
to be doing monthly pickups back on that
channel so but i'm not going to upload
anything on that channel until this
channel crew TV hits 100,000 subscribers
so the channel will be open for you guys
to subscribe to so you can be ready
that's the whole point of this so let's
go ahead and get started so i just
created so i just created the dopest
artwork i'm gonna show you guys here we
go hopefully it comes out dog hey what
do you guys think crew kicks the channel
name is crew kicks so it's officially
done sneakers fashion life crew kicks on
the MJ jersey fills me now i need to
make that picture right there son want
to go in you all right guys the crew
kicks page is officially official make
sure you guys go subscribe right now you
can click the link the link in the
description box down below everyone show
your support man all right now I'm not
pushing for it too much because I'm
pushing for crew TV this channel to get
100k that's when the first video will be
uploaded to the third channel but why
not try to get you guys to start
subscribing now so we can have a nice
audience by the time the first video is
up now the video the the channel is set
unfortunately I don't have a custom URL
because you need to have the channel 4
30 days as well as you need to have over
500 subscribers so if we could get 500
of you guys to subscribe I think we
could get at least a couple thousand of
you guys because I know there's a lot of
loyal crew members out there who are
going to support this and want to see
this happen so everyone go support
subscribe right now look make history
the biggest sneaker channel on YouTube
is coming so subscribe now crew cakes is
coming that's the official name by the
way crew kicks announcing it right now
it is crew kicks alright that's it for
me y'all make sure my shower make sure
you guys subscribe to UM the new crew
kicks channel the third channel again
man and about to go shower just edit
this vlog wake up in like
I probably won't sleep tonight honestly
I gotta break up I gotta be up at six
and it's almost three o'clock so I'm
night we're gonna sleep tonight we're
gonna go to SF cuz chris wants to get
the 13 loads that come out I don't know
if imma get him or not only one on but
I'm going anyway so I might just cop so
and then I gotta go pick up my curry
MVPs which I'm super excited to get like
I really really really am excited to get
those and then yeah that's pretty much
my sneaker related info for tomorrow for
those of you guys who are wondering let
me know what you guys are copied this
weekend for all my sneaker head since we
were on the whole crew kicks subject you
know I'm saying I guess thumbs up love
you guys subscribe oh yeah and also
shout out to my homie Sebastian out in
Las Vegas Milo home he just dropped his
mixtape if you could call it a mixtape
buddy because it's all one song I don't
know what the term is mad I'm not into
music like I don't know too much I know
about music but i don't know like that
DJ terms or whatever it's called but he
dropped his new mixtape so definitely go
check it out for me do me a favor and go
check it out it's dope i'm a workout to
it i listened to it and it just gets me
pumped and i want to go workout every
time i hear it so check it out link is
in the description box shouts out to my
voice affection i see you man i'ma see
you soon when i come to vegas and yeah
man everybody else good night love you
guys I mean have a great weekend not
good night because you're probably awake
right now okay I gotta go man I did it I
did the ww promo today right dad yeah I
did it okay goodnight goodbye looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal then feeling
what I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life
you'll know what I feel like God
wishes if I want to hear right you must
think it's all good cuz i smile the only
one and those ain't lives in a while I'm
talk to a wish
