good morning guys our afternoon hour
I just woke up right when I woke up I
made a phone call to Foot Locker in Palo
Alto which is 30 minutes away to see if
they're getting the curry one MVP's that
are coming out this saturday which are
only coming out in the Bay Area Oh bird
just flew right over my club and I call
them they're getting them but they're
doing ticket which means you go get a
ticket that guarantees you a pair for
Saturday so I'm waiting for Dustin to
get here so we can zoom out of there I
just woke up washing my face brush my
teeth and I'm ready this is the struggle
of being a sneakerhead is when you want
a shoe you gotta go too crazy lanes to
get it lanes lengths to get it so here
we go hopefully by the time we get there
they still got tickets it's not even
guaranteed yet so the guy said he had my
size though so I'm chillin for now oh
I'm just waiting on Dustin looking like
a game finger G good morning good
morning G
okay we're at the most randomest
footlocker like I got a nine and a half
left I'll take that what's that mean how
we doing good man all right so they got
a nine and a half for me shout out to
these guys thank you guys yeah they're
beautiful
rushed over here and it was actual
system success so shout out to
footlocker Palo Alto we got our parents
guaranteed come back on Saturday pick
him up at 10:00 a.m. but now we hungry
and it's Chris's birthday today guys so
I love chicken happy birthday to Chris
we're gonna have a dinner later our lot
not dinner we're gonna go some eat like
lunch or something luncheon in there
yeah so guys so we back out here in Palo
Alto the homey Chris happy birthday G
oh pretty we 22 right yeah anyway we're
gonna go eat at a boopa tobacco because
that's what we did how many years in a
row have you come to boot butter back
one third one third year in a row I came
last year for the first time we're here
again so we're gonna enjoy some nice
Italian food hang out chill then
watching the game after so tell us whose
ball
you ready bro thank you before and after
you sure
I know before aftermath photoshoot to be
like sorry this is birthday get away
within point eight seconds 180 seconds
the hi game
yes turnovers yes
turnover hey it's my birthday
I lost the tie spot 100 timeout
it's my birthday 22 now look up here at
all
babyface
it was double overtime gee they went to
double overtime double overtime Ivy
Chris I'd the Phoenix Suns is Omar up
three that's their mana far down three
kidding me there to it all today to it
Oh
then
the trophy from me
oh that's my talking yesterday was that
big it's your birthday you got ever but
you have to fold yourself for I will be
the world champion
I'm telling you that's just gonna be
fucking packed bro trying to cut a promo
right here Junior interrupting me who's
gay it was good oh you but I was darkest
your breath put the light closer to
moving over dad was your birthday but
you people want to know and it's been
good bro
I have work that sucked but forgot to
see the homies good well look at what he
has to do that so you guys can see I
want you guys to see I have the flash
look just to see me
that's crazy lights should always be on
Yugi cause you a star so we come into
the movies now about to watch Jurassic
Park you know first day but it's packed
as crap right now so I don't know if
we're gonna get into the 11 o'clock
showing hopefully we can if not there's
a 12 o'clock showing but I don't know if
we trying to wait that long why is it so
packed I don't know some say it's the
first day of the summer for the kids you
know something for the kids probably all
these people watch the game and came
right away bro honestly y'all want to
listen to my homie right here he'll fix
you here
to be falling down I put my hair back
since air max nobody wear Max's you
inside twins for the 15 times this week
thing we're just gonna leave them out
Jurassic Park waiting in line I've been
here for 18 hours
shot south of India was good bro Dustin
he's sick in the camera so just left the
movies after watching Jurassic Park and
I'll give it maybe
three and a half close to four summers
five stars I don't know it was kind of
predictable it was cool you know it was
cool you know all the dinosaurs look
cool
any time you watch a movie like that you
leave the theater you always assume that
a dinosaur is gonna attack you you know
but that's not the case I think I'll be
war ready I think I'd be able to
communicate with the dinosaurs just look
at them in their eye and be like listen
to me we have the same blood type so I
do after watching Josie Fork it's not
even called Jurassic Park Jurassic world
my bad
um suggest you guys all watch it it's
pretty dope graphic you can give it a
three and a half stars and suggest well
if it was lower than three and a half I
wouldn't if I would rate it like if I
don't like a movie I'm not gonna read it
more than two one-star so three and a
half is good five stars to meet well
five stars to me is like Dark Knight so
it's obviously it's not gonna be one
star under Dark Knight doesn't even
compare to that
that's your the worst movie critic
memory you can't compare yeah you I am
but whatever movie - Dark Knight because
that's your ultimate favorite no I'm not
comparing it to dark now I'm comparing
it to the rating of Dark Knight which is
different but it's to your liking
whatever yeah man
click that thumbs up for Chris's
birthday go warriors click a thumbs up
for the warriors comment down below who
you guys think is gonna win Game five
and I'll be a game 5 so that should be
an exciting vlog on Sunday and Emma
we'll see you guys tomorrow
there's another huh oh by the way
there's no new video this Sunday on the
main channel tell you ahead of time so
you guys won't get disappointed but we
will be back we'll be back the week
after that okay let's go
looking at the frame they'll see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only ones and those ain't
laughs in a while come talk to a wish
