appreciate it man get off the computers
get off your phones go enjoy life
someone please explain to me what the
hell this is it's like pouring raining
when yesterday it was sunny and we were
at the pool I put my shorts outside last
night thinking like hey the sun's gonna
dry these off I wake up and they're
soaking wet snow because of this rain
like what's going on like I understand
this is great for the environment but
it's not a good for my environment you
know what I'm saying so this is not
acceptable God please give a son and
shine and let summer be upon us okay
what's up guys welcome to crew TV
welcome to my vlog Channel welcome to my
second channel hope everyone's having a
great thursday it is QoP tvt for you
guys if you don't know what that means
because you've been living under a sack
of potatoes the past few weeks every
thursday i upload an old-school keo p
video on at the end of this blog so at
the end of this vol you will be
presented an old qop video so I don't
know which one I'm going to post right
now but by the end of this vlog I will
know and it will be up and you will see
it so anyway I'm going to eat and I've
got a confession guys that you guys all
know I've been hitting the gym when it
comes to the grind like I've been in the
gym you know despite my my setback with
the bad ankle and all that now one thing
that I've been struggling with is
dieting that I've always had a problem
with once the whole dieting gets set and
the gym is already set like the gym is
fine working out getting the car do get
into exercise that's fine but once the
car once the diet gets figured out and
then people will seriously know that I
will be the world heavyweight champion
I think I sharted we all here at the gym
and basketball ball is life why you
leaving for us you don't be on camera
hit the whip oh here we go damn
I think your hair got more rim than you
let's see feel trying to do work right
now real camera for big domain videos
for vlogging yet
oh there you go there you go oh we got
okay we got Corey Murphy right here
dribbling the ball oh he looks for the
crossover screen over there a double
screen he's going oh behind the back
goes to the great add a scar and it
scores if you don't even know who that
guy is man Oh rebound second chat Oh
Dustin here goes Warriors number one fan
passes it out back to Dustin oh and it's
brick city for young Dustin another one
by Dustin oh and it so many bricks he
can build a house I heard you getting
into construction oh no Derrick Rose
Derrick Rose hey road hey Derek girls
can we get a word he swapped it out this
is how real thugs drive breath we don't
use no hands man we you know relaxing I
Drive like this all the time honestly I
learned it from my dad so shouts out to
my dad oh my god shouts out to my pops
he put me on to the good life you know
what I'm saying
his car up by the crash into the scar
thanks thanks bro with your white
minivan what do you a soccer mom about
it
anyways I need milk let's see if I can
make this turn is my knee I can't do it
I to make the turn turn myself but then
look how beautiful the sky is right now
guys it was hot two days ago it was
raining today now it's clear but it's
just a beautiful scene and you got to
enjoy the type of stuff you know look at
that look behind me it's freaking
beautiful man appreciate it man get off
the computers get off your phones go
enjoy life this song has been playing
all day for me I don't know why I know
it's a little old but ah oh shit I put
on I put on
moon I put on
what's up guys late night safeway run to
get the week's worth the food the rest
of the week's worth of booze so I can
stop eating out again getting some
salads fruits
next awesome can do from there can
detail in steel tomorrow
all right way you think woman
I felt like great thing anywhere pretty
sure Ashley's winning the challenge like
a toad you guys other day but you know
Debra late for a comeback and we have to
postpone it a week actually because my
injury is going to vlog like this
because I'm so my hair so ugly tuna
awkward stages right now growing it out
anyway you know what I don't have a home
that I need rain oh maybe I you seen a
ranch to carry with me around a single
day of my life fillet JR smith right now
he's hot Jerry Smith jaysmith ugly
but he's wrong yeah remember we met him
in LA and in New York we saw I saw them
twice you said that got a whole bunch of
good at good is in here you know
breakfast of a champion turkey bacon
turkey bacon try to see how love my
voice that goes in here booth a our
safely trip is coming to a wrap first of
all I want to salute America shouts out
to coke products making this American
flag share a coke with my better half I
never found the freaking coke that had
Omar in it man goddamn racist up coltish
anyway leaving angelo fuck us to go home
just got this new hat yo
all of a sudden our bitch shit someone's
calling viola hello
who is this I will find you
and I will kill you are by fan honestly
it's your PT PT so that's all that
matters in life let the nose matters
honestly nothing I'm out of your breath
but then edit this vlog and knock out
man he'll talk like real talk enjoy this
old video
Oh
you
Oh
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't lives
in a while I'm talk to a wish
