sixty thousand shout out to all the
60,000 crew TV subscribers what's up
crew TV hope you guys are doing great
hope you having a great day I'm having a
great day as you can see the main vlog
channel Channel the main vlog camera is
back i found it was under my car seat
but I kind of enjoyed the GoPro vlogs
what do you guys think you guys think I
should do the use the GoPro to vlog
every once in a while I just don't like
the audio that much on there but it's
still cool game 3 today excited and uh
what else oh oh yeah 60,000 shout out to
all the 60,000 crew TV subscribers I
never thought like this came out of
nowhere just to know that foo TV's on
the color of as far as reaching 100,000
is really made me feel really good and
I'm really excited to reach that
milestone and get crew TV to the same
level as the main channel if not past it
no that's not going to happen main
channels bay
the two TVs the side chick so anyway
I'll see you guys when we get home we
should have a fun day a big thank you to
my grandma she got me this shirt when
she went to San Francisco she got it
from a walk in San Francisco I don't
know if she actually did the walk or not
but thank you grandma even though you're
not gonna watch this whatever y'all game
3 just started we all here eating some
wings in some wings got some breadsticks
no pizza dough predictions for game 3
i'm so glad doves doves Dustin Cleveland
Cleveland duck sausage shout out to
Harris you guys he's looking for a new
jersey he's been wearing the same one
for a two weeks straight if not longer
so please pray for Harrison help them
we're gonna do a fundraiser to get him
in New Jersey so let's see what happens
here my predictions I think Cleveland's
gonna win this one I think Warriors will
still game for in Cleveland so so about
99 minutes left here in the game Cavs of
what eight Cavs up eighth they are up 20
but where he's headed back we'll see
what happens here
Oh Julia come on come on Candice Philip
don't bow bow bow out of improper today
rose them about the thrown away
Oh indication oh don't lady who cheated
ending with leather belt or turn over
nigga replay replay not your nigga oh
yeah three of us not at all don't final
here yet does that about when you touch
the ball hit his hand you touch the ball
no guys home as a wolf people abroad the
line here to make it a five-point game
and
violence
borders played horrible in the port we
got ourselves a ball game right here at
2k what are you up to I want to chris is
up to us lawyers on the Cavs let's go
quick inbound bogies not gonna sing d by
the net ice the game right here why
don't I have time outside I suppose six
oh it's all bread let's go Doug's out
here I had to get that way because you
know they got what today dude at the end
of the day I'm gonna be raising this
trophy up as the Golan Heights over to
today destiny I'm earlier but you didn't
have to mention that it didn't see that
so after a stressful game we have
decided to come to the pool the hot tub
the pool the pool is pretty warm you
know and see me three naka see you okay
Oh dad nice what you know finally Bonnie
to you one of those man i'm too dark to
be out here just on these regular camera
burning g he will be at the dark
all right here we gonna go with a lot a
nice little Q&A right now Chris what
type of girls do you like I have no
preference it that bad so you prefer
looks over brain sometimes okay over
half over like seventy-five percent
ladies there you have it you got to look
good if you want to get with Chris we're
about to see what girls do do I like
yeah they have a nice smile yeah that's
the first thing is not the first thing I
look at her eyebrows they got a really
great they have to be nice second thing
I look guys are smile so they have good
smile you know she got a booty you know
that's the plus and she got a cute face
that's even an a-plus-plus what does she
got all that stuff but then she opened
her teeth in it just cook it on to the
next one g yeah I gotta go yeah better
make the scoring at home at all put it
back in a further back in advance that's
so mean anyway hot tub right now I have
something to this now watch me whip now
watch me jump trying about to watch the
hunger games mockingjay part 2 trailer
so let's get my reaction of this
my hairs all over the place is the hot
tub swimming and let's see shots out the
Christian Dustin they went home but I
used to love Twilight but unfortunately
Twilight series sober my favorite
twilight was definitely the last one but
anyway let's watch this Hunger Games
trailer good to see
not impressed so far and just looks like
I'm watching old footage
katniss everdeen what are you doing okay
Katniss is staying strong she's got an
army behind her she brings out her
beloved arrow Oh Peeta Peeta back to
normal
she looks good in this one
Yuki
I hate this guy man
the white hair the main guy this looks
happening what is that
what is that black stuff that oil
ladies and gentleman open to the
sickness and again
what is it when is it coming out
November 20th i can wait then I liked it
shuts out to the Hunger Games I'm super
excited for that guys you're such a
height bees so as my beloved
sneakerheads all know that every
December a jordan 11 releases this
year's colorways inspired by the 7210
season of the Chicago Bulls Michael
Jordan and leaked images have come out
if you guys haven't seen it here it is
these are just close up shots kind of
weird you've got like a tumble leather
on the upper which is very not common
for a jordan 11 and then you've got like
a weird patent leather that shines
personally not I man no go for me I
don't like it I'm more of an OG colorway
guy I would have loved to see the space
jams released this year since they've
done all the other bugs bunny and Looney
tune shoes so kind of disappointed in
that I mean I get there going for the
anniversary of the 72 tenth season or
whatever like that but I'm definitely if
I do cop it's not something that I'll
hold on to to keep it road you'll
probably hook it up with some one of my
homies that wants it or something like
that but definitely it's not something
that I need in my collection so let me
know what you guys think of it are you
guys impressed so far I know we haven't
seen a full picture but let me know what
you guys think from my sneaker heads oh
and since we're talking about sneakers I
tweeted about this earlier today like I
said we reached 60 thousand subscribers
on this channel crew TV again thank you
guys that love you guys but check this
out when crew TV my second channel hits
a hundred thousand subscribers I'm gonna
launch my third channel which is going
to be something that I've been wanting
to do for so long now and it's going to
be something that crew TV has and the
reason why KU TV is doing so good is
because of sneaker videos so once crew
TV reaches a hundred thousand
subscribers and I'm comfortable with
that I'm gonna launch a third channel
which is going to be strictly my sneaker
channel which I will try to upload on
daily do unboxings do reviews each of
the QoP members will have their own show
weekly on the weekly or every other week
there I don't know all that yet but they
will have their own show on the the
seeker channel so if you guys do want to
see the sneaker channel I need you guys
to push for more subscribers and help me
make it happen by spreading the word to
subscribe to kruti be because one screw
TV has its hundred thousand subscribers
then I feel like that's cool for the
vlog you know 100,000 people will be
watching the vlogs every time they
uploaded well not all of them but a lot
of people will be watching the vlogs and
I think that's a good enough audience to
separate the vlog channel from the
sneakers so it's all on you guys spread
the word make it happen three channels
for the crew hopefully happens by the
end of the year or before the end of the
year okay so that's what I just wanted
to tell you guys because I've passionate
about sneakers whether I'm buying them
or talking about them I want to do
something with it and I feel like having
a sneaker channel will give me so many
opportunities that I don't have right
now because the reason why I don't pull
so many sneaker stuff on food TV is
because a lot of the people wore
subscribe to kruti via are not sneaker
so I try not to overdo it with the
sneakers you know what I mean that's why
I just try to release one one sneaker
video a week so with koo cake so just a
little for one one for you guys
wondering so let me know if you guys are
excited for that man comment down below
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I failed
my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot
he'll wanna hear right you must think
it's all good cause i smiled the only
one that knows ain't lives in a while
I'm talk to a wish
