great way yesterday you injured them
right as you can tell I'm in are tired
mode my face is like shrinks up when I'm
tired for a few gas you refuel gasps you
idiot I'm going to get a haircut right
now because it's overdue like you can
see mine one good girl that's worth a
thousand BAM
anyway let's go get a haircut okay so I
just got a haircut you know what I'm
saying because I have a date right now
I'm on this date with the Warriors
starting point guard great win yesterday
bro you injured him right yeah after a
free walk my shotty embarrass me on that
yeah you getting here after game meal
right now yeah I can stare oeid the
steroid salad right it's but it's good
free right
Oh am i you Riley yeah so today I guess
it's free donut day I Krispy Kreme so
we're gonna stop by and get some free
donut shit around this is where they
make all the donuts and then they ship
them to you the world
no he's flippin umbrella the flu we're
gonna click of Israel this one is free
bro
thank you man and my ankle is so bipolar
like one second I'm like I'm ready to
get back on the court it feels good and
then 30 minutes later it's freakin in so
much pain and right now it isn't so much
pain it feels like somebody's like
pressing a little needle in there every
like two seconds when I stand it feels
like someone's like just grinding
something in there so I'm gonna start
going to play basketball again this
weekend and see how it works so just an
update for the people that care I know a
lot of you people don't care you
complain when I talk about my ankles
saying I need to suck it up but okay as
you can see I'm back home some packages
in the mail
October's very own net a bag I didn't
order this or shoutout for the ziplock
bag I think and then they sent me a mini
ovo bag ovo pins that's the first one
BAM murse that's the other one right
there the gold owl I got some more I got
the classic owl the patch six boy shot
at a six men so let me open up the shirt
for you oh this is ice quality Houston
appreciation weekend you got even though
I've never been to Houston but I really
like this shirt I thought it was dope
but this is hella small you got the
purple drink
Houston Appreciation Week Gold October
is very oh and I just thought it was
cool and it was pretty fun even though I
don't I don't do mean I don't
do codeine and I'll do that but I
thought it was cool so I got this and I
like the color black and purple so I'll
have to wait to wear this to get back
into my you know don't make me remind
you who's the world heavyweight champion
G next up I can't remember when's the
last time I bought something off the
East Bay and they just sent me tons of
papers and okay here we go
what size is this man why they be making
everything so slim and I could pull this
off tell Ron Oh basketball baby it's
when they have their camo jerseys I also
have the Cleveland one I also have a
staff at Nixle input I just like to
collect different teams you know
different cities I've been to I've been
telling you guys that the gym grind is
in full effect and when I become who I
want to become there's one mission in
one goal and that is to become the world
heavyweight champion I purchased this
item so that I when I'm at the gym
working hard I see this on my body and
it motivates me BAM
Under Armour WWE collab World
Championship belt if this is like
perfect for me you know I always called
myself the world champion so under
Armour logo on there and then the WWE
logo on the sleeve so so yep those are
all my editing cuz I got to editing so
as you guys can see I'm all cleaned up
but since I'm getting cleaned up it's
only right that I get the baby cleaned
up right now because it's been a minute
since I got a car wash so gotta make the
baby look good and I gotta stop by the
mall return these return some stuff I'm
gonna return that gold chain that I
bought like last week in a blog
I'm honestly not gonna wear that and it
was like a hundred bucks Oh are these
the money on something else huh he fills
me and yeah
so I went to vans to go see if they had
the Disney the Disney vans that came out
today they launched today and they did
have them and luckily I got my size in
the Donald Duck so I'll show you guys
when I get in the car
I'm just a big Disney fiend like I go to
visit it a few times a year so it was a
must for me you know and people were
actually buying to shoot like crazy
right now when I went in there lady said
that they've been doing it all day so
lucky I got my size alright guys so
here's those shoes that I got as you can
see presentation is a plus I laced them
Oh cuz I tried them on but you got this
is my favorite Disney character is a
Donald Duck so I had to get the Donald
Duck's where he's like cussing out and
you got to all the hashtag an
exclamation mark so dope shoe
we will have a good time at Friday night
you know
you have no idea what you're doing
you go dunk it
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one that knows I ain't
laughs in a while come talk to a wiz
