before I start this vlog I have to say
dream cocom all of the tour merch is
available now unless it's already been
sold out all available right now on Jim
Crow comm link is down below now pause
this video go cop your merch okay come
back yeah enjoy today's episode peace
alright guys so we started the vlog off
at cool cakes today on Melrose because
this is the only place where I could
find a size 7 in the off-white Jordan
ones now the reason why I need a size 7
I don't think this this size never
released right there's the only place I
could find this shout out the cool kicks
home Melrose looking out and I'm gonna
surprise Mina today so I'm literally
gonna go drive over there she has no
idea she's been wanting them it's been
super hard to get a size 7 and finally
we came through so yeah shout out to the
cool cakes family we out of here first
time I brought the beast on Melrose
you know we get a lot of turning heads
you know I'm saying you saying get some
attention alright now I gotta go though
I got a long drive well
this drive is always annoying but you
know what saying when you in love you
got to do stuff for your BAE you know
I'm saying surprise her you know drive
long distance for her and oh yeah cars
waiting for me so I'm gonna I'm gonna
drive off now and flip this
so I'm about to post the new skit in 30
minutes if you haven't watched it
already mean easy Busta we did a parody
of complex sneaker shopping Joe from
complex we're here at the Mac Park in
Burbank California and we're gonna go
sneaker shopping with easy Busta shout
out to Joe from complex who hosts the
show I was playing his character Yeezy
Buster was just playing the guest on the
show also Justin shoutout to Mickey and
Justin the skit turned out crazy if you
watch any complex episodes you see how
many like B row transitions they have
and I thought that was funny how we
added all those in there and it was it
was literally like we had the idea of it
but we basically executed everything and
improvised the whole video which was
pretty cool and I thought it turned out
very very dope so if you haven't seen it
obviously link is gonna be down below
make sure you guys go check it out and
support it and thumbs up it and share it
and hopefully complex enjoys it and
repost it and they have reposted one of
my videos we did we did a parody like a
DJ Khaled one a few years ago with
Harris and they reposted it so they have
Sean shown love so hopefully with this
one we get the same feedback and I mean
if not hopefully you guys enjoy and
that's what's most important and this is
just some of the types of videos I want
to bring out to you guys it's not just
vlogs but skits cuz that's what I
started YouTube with and that's what you
know people enjoy more than anything
because you don't have to like me
personally but you can like the skit I
feel like when it comes to vlogs if you
like you have to like me personally
because you're watching my actual life
so yeah that's just how I feel about it
anyway I got this Drive like I said so
I'm gonna focus on driving and I'll
check in with you guys in a minute I
think a cop just saw me vlogging is it
illegal to vlog and drive I don't know
he's not pulling me over so we should be
good alright
I just got here it's pretty late I
stopped by to see my niece and and in
them we've gotta go get some sushi right
now I gotta go get some sushi I always
stick I stick to the California rules
the controls the controls I'm teriyaki
chicken but anyway we have a lot of
planning to do today cuz you know we got
the engagement party coming up which I
haven't even told that anybody I haven't
even told them that it's coming up well
well hey guys for having a big
engagement party we're planning we've
been planning for it all she's been
doing most of the planning I've just
been kind of like you know sitting back
in letting her make decisions and
we are gonna do like a photo shoot I
think Sunday it's gonna be like a couple
photo shoot you know how couples usually
take like romantic pictures and stuff
like that yeah we're gonna go get sushi
now so we'll check in with you guys in a
minute
wait no
what's good guys welcome back do you see
what I got we didn't even get yet did
you see what I picked up today
are you expecting that no I thought were
just freaking vlogging on the way to
p.m. we're asking people about socials
on my freakin dream shoe is sitting
right behind me for those of you guys
who follow me on frickin Twitter or my
snapchat you guys know I've been dying
for these like like I feel like a
sneaker Fein like it's like it sucks
when you're gonna have like a smaller
size cuz I feel like is it a release so
much even up like it's what sy7 never
released how do you know because I know
because I has the there there was no
official release of a size 7 so these
are from like friends and family pairs
and stuff like that so you have been
blessed with a pair sell the best I'm so
happy
you
I get up alright so excited God you like
come on oh I love that sy7 it's like so
like I want to keep him I can't just
I don't want to keep him at my house and
why because it's just like a rare size
you know it's cool well you have fun
fact the first time he ever got me like
Newsies he told me like he wants to keep
them at his house yeah I did keep that
okay so he kept them at his house
and I was like okay so like if we break
up are they yours he's like yeah
yeah they're expensive turtle you were
gonna do with this i7 give it to your
new girlfriend
no I would've sold it give my money back
you know saying alright well you have
they're so nice like I read little
detail about them is so nice well she
got home we're probably gonna get a
better thumbnail when we get outside the
car because it's a really bad lighting
but yeah there you go that's your early
in game I'm not gonna say it's an
engagement gift because then people kind
of like oh you got her sneakers for
engagement you look so bah bah blah for
the vlog that's an engagement gift I'm
gonna get you something else too some
okay time for the camera to come off
let's go get some sushi ah why is it
like a girl here I'm back at the crib
and before I opened this up today was
like a perfect example type of content
that I've been releasing lately and I
told you guys I'm not really happy with
that content but I'm slowly and slowly
figuring out what I want to do and and
I'm figuring out like what's best for my
channel and what I enjoy uploading so
there's there's gonna be some awkward
videos where just jumps randomly to
places now and there also will be videos
where it's like b-roll and all that good
stuff so not every video is gonna be the
same for me I just want to give you guys
a heads up but I'm starting to get more
satisfied with my content it's some of
the vlogs are way longer than before
which I feel like it makes it kind of
into like a reality TV show and and
basically I really like the direction
it's going with I have been getting a
lot of people telling me like oh you're
you know your content
your diss your die above above but you
know I'm saying it's like I've been
having negative comments since day one
so it's like nothing new to me so you
know the people that watching the people
that support or the people that you know
I'm saying they're the people that
they're the reason why I'm here today so
shout out to all of them one thing I'm
not gonna do is address address negative
you know comments and stuff like that
anymore I'm just gonna keep grinding and
keep pushing because you know I'm saying
there's been a lot of negativity my way
there's been a lot of people in this
sneaker community trying to call me out
and try to show the world that I'm a
culture vulture and I'm bad for the
community but you know I'm saying I'm
gonna keep grinding and I'm gonna keep
doing doing my thing I'm not gonna stop
and you know if people look at me as
something bad for this community I just
think that they you know they they need
they need to have a reality check
themselves because I don't think one
person can be able to judge someone else
and personally if like they don't know
me personally they don't know the stuff
that happens off the camera they don't
know you know the amount of work I put
in and and they don't appreciate the
little things I've done that have never
been done in this sneaker community so
I'm just gonna say it straight up right
here like you guys can make all the
videos you want you could do all the IG
posts you want you can talk on all the
podcasts you want you can talk amongst
your friends your opinion is your
opinion yeah I'm not here to convince
you to like me I'm just here to show you
guys my life show you guys dope stuff
though events dope sneakers dope
clothing and either you like me or you
don't so it is what it is no more
negativity dream crew stay positive we
always stay positive you always keep
grinding and we keep rolling and we keep
going and yeah that's it just wanted to
quickly address that and now I'm gonna
open some supreme up for you guys hit
the intro what's in the box
I am proud to say that this is the
first-ever supreme pickup from online
I've never bought any supreme from the
actual supreme website for retail on a
Thursday drop got this from the Scarface
so we can't worry it's not a Scarface
piece I know I haven't seen the movie
what I decided I've tried a few times
and I've never gotten anything because I
always go for the most popular item so
what I decided was like the whole
Scarface collection that's what people
are gonna go for but there was a few
other things in the drop and I said you
know what I'm gonna try to go for some
of that stuff and guess what it ended up
working I got something finally imma
open this up and a funny story is
yesterday there was another drop and it
was like the Arabic hoodie and I knew
everybody was gonna go for their like
the black one first so I went for the
orange one and I got it in my car and I
went to go check out put all my
information I clicked check out and then
it said card error I put the wrong card
I put the card that recently got
deactivated because some fraud alert
crap so I screwed myself over I would
have had an orange Arabic hoodie which
was the one I actually wanted so that
was a rookie mistake but I was
successful and I got the W on this one a
delayed W because supreme it's not that
quick with their shipping reminds me of
dream crew shipping haha sorry
blame GM so I've seen other people on
box or unbagged supreme and and I love
watching it because they always are like
supreme always throws and stickers and
surprisingly they always they always put
their online orders in a supreme bag
still so it's like they give you the
full experience of what you get when you
go in the store so oh no way all right I
got some lit they gave me three free
stickers we got you know I'm saying the
signature box logo we got probably one
that I don't deserve which is the
supreme Scarface the world is yours
blimp and then on the back it says
Scarface's trademark of copyright
Universal Studios it's pretty cool and
then this one is actually really really
lit and a
it's another one that I probably don't
deserve but it is Tony Montana shooting
those that gun right there it's not let
me focus this there you go it's pretty
that's a really really dope sticker like
if I was a Scarface fan or if I had seen
the movie I'd really like this but yeah
I haven't seen it so now the next
question people are gonna be like Oh
give it to me give it to me give it to
me I do have a mini supreme sticker
collection and although I do not have or
have not watch Scarface I'm still gonna
keep these because it's not like
something I'm gonna wear I'm not gonna
stick it on my laptop and I'm just
collecting it just to have and one day
maybe I'll sell them all but right now
I'm just gonna collect them receipt this
is called a hooded Buffalo plaid flannel
badda bomb pretty cool comes in the
supreme ziplock bag let me know if you
guys want me to make a video of how I
actually like buy supreme online on a
Thursday drop like I could film myself
trying to order something to kind of
give you guys some pointers like I don't
have a bot or anything so it would be
like how to buy supreme online without a
bot or something I don't know like I
just said the name this is a hooded
flannel as you can see there's nothing
too special there's no crazy supreme
branding on it it's very very small
right there on the little tag what was
the price on this bad boy
128 with shipping $10 sale tax this came
out to 150 probably not worth 150 to be
honest with you guys it was like the
only thing I got through on so I was
like pretty happy regardless so that's
why this is kind of special to me not
all supreme stuff needs to be like
blasted with supreme on the front and I
like it I mean it's you know layer it
with like a graphic tee wintertime you
got your hood on you can always throw on
like a bomber on top of it and just let
it sit subtly right there you know
saying so we got ourselves 2w on supreme
job I really like this actually now that
I have it on me oh that was crazy so I
cannot wait for my ez waverunners to
come in the mail I I did buy those off
of ez supply when they were up for
pre-order every time I tweet that I'm
excited for those two I guess how much
hate
easy wave runners coming out coming in
the mail very very soon to anybody who
ordered them I'm very very excited for
those obviously those lime green and
purple with gum bottom easy to vito's
take my money now because those are
freaking beautiful a lot of people are
hating on that color but that color is
like I made a hoodie just for those
shoes like take my money breath the
holiday Elevens are coming out usually
I'm super hyped for the Elevens even
though I end up buying them wearing them
a couple times but it's not the same
obviously as it was when like the breads
came out or the original Space Jam
retros or even last year with the Space
Chimps like those worse those were
beautiful those were I was so excited
for those but this UNC color that's
coming out I mean I'm I'm planning to
cop them i think i'm i yeah i did cop
the UNC ones and they should be coming
next week but I'm not too gassed up on
it the Elevens aren't as special as they
used to be like there was one release a
year always and it was that 11 and that
came out in November or December and now
they're dropping like three four pairs
every year and it's just like I think
it's like oversaturated as much as I
love Jordan Brand I would like I'm
excited to see what they do in 2018 as
far as like keeping certain sneakers
limited and not releasing as many
colorways so I'm not doing anything
there's no events or any traveling until
sneaker con Vegas which is November 11th
I believe and then the weekend after
that which is November 18th I'm going
for the first time ever to Memphis for
Memphis sneaker con
so those are my next two events I'm done
with the tour as I've told you over and
over again oh yeah by the way all the
tour merch is on all my joon-kook on
right now so if you guys want to get the
gym crew merch it's available right now
unless it's sold out Giroux calm quick
plug go get it yeah we've done and then
London we're coming back for sneaker con
again twice in one year is that's how
much love you guys showed last time and
I got some surprises for you guys there
so sneaker car London is December 2nd
and then the weekend after that is Nika
Con in Germany in Berlin so sneaker con
Berlin
is the weekend after I think it's
December 9th and I'm super excited
because I love Germany I've been there
before last time I was there was 2007 I
believe I'm just excited to be back in
Germany man you know I'm saying get them
Kinder's and and you know I'm saying the
eggs the chocolate eggs with the toys
inside like bruh Germany has some of the
best candy like ever hands down sneaker
con Berlin I will be there so you cook
on London I'll be there and then sneaker
con New York City is going to be a 2 to
2 day event with the hoops classic and
that will be the 16th and 17th I believe
of December and that would be the last
sneaker con of the year and that's gonna
wrap up my travel for the rest of the
year so basically things will get hit
hectic starting November but it's gonna
be a good hectic that gives me enough
time to rest and get my mind right and
sneaker con New York I'm dropping a
collab but I can't tell you what collab
but that same collab will also drop
online so it's it's it's gonna be
exclusive to sneaker con New York and
online but it will be very very limited
you know I've also been thinking a lot
about sneaker con and Teague con has
been a huge part of my life
for the past two years I've met so many
of you guys there I've had so many great
great days there I've had so many great
memories there and is it time for me to
you know kind of step away I haven't
made a decision yet but it's been
running in my head to make sneaker con
New York which is the last sneaker con
of this year my last sneaker con I
haven't decided yet but it's been going
through my head
I love sneaker con you know I'm saying
it's not that I'm not having fun or
anything like that it's just I think
it's I think it might be the time for me
to hang up my boots and you know just
walk away walk away happy walk away a
thousand percent satisfied that I was
able to do sneaker con two years
straight without missing one show I feel
like I'm I would be walking away at a
really great time of my life you know
things are gonna get really crazy but
for me in my life next year I'm not
gonna be I'm not gonna know if I'm gonna
be able to
tend you know every single sneak
O'Connor I know I don't know what's
gonna happen that's what I'm thinking
like do I want to make New York my last
sneaker call one day I'm gonna re-watch
every single one of my sneaker conv logs
from the first one I went to Fort
Lauderdale 2016 to the ones that are
gonna clip complete this year and I'm
just gonna look at all the crazy
memories we had because it's crazy man
it's really really crazy I'm gonna wrap
off the vlog here thank you guys for
watching I would love for you guys to
drop some positive comments in the
comment section down below for once you
know what I'm saying you don't gotta
compliment me but you know just try to
stay positive there's obviously gonna be
a lot of hate but like I said before you
know overlook the hate with a whole
bunch of positivity I would definitely
appreciate that and also hit that thumbs
up and if you are new subscribe because
I'm still giving away 10 years ease when
we reach a million subscribers even
though it's taken a long time we are
still gonna give away 10 pairs easy I
promise you guys that I got your back
don't worry and we got here
