what was the first time we ever met
first thing we ever talked inside of a
bathroom Wow whatup guys as you guys
could tell I'm excited man Game one of
the NBA Finals the Golden State Warriors
the Bay Area Golden State Warriors
wishes the Cleveland Cavaliers LeBron
James were Steph Curry and y'all could
see while I'm trying to who I want to
win but don't get it twisted man don't
get it to us that I want to see a great
game I want to see a really good Finals
matchup the game that I'm gonna go to
his game 5 so wait on it and yeah I bout
to go meet up with Dustin and then we're
gonna go ahead out towards Modesto and
we're gonna go watch the game at
Harrah's this place since Harris is
gonna be at work so we can't come up
here so we don't go to Harris so guys
you know this vlog is gonna be fired
AF cuz the whole crew in here so make
sure you guys give it a big thumbs up
right now and if you are new to this
channel make sure you guys subscribe
business his boot camp that you told you
guys about so we're gonna I'm gonna film
a little promo video for him now we're
gonna go see what it's all about
now you're doing work as you guys can
see is super dope I don't think yes the
posters made yeah but look at these guys
BAM me mug you ready to get in shape G
take the lightest one don't hurt
yourself
yeah
so what's your technique going into
today's cooking you know it's it's Oh
like not only pulled over its own the
flick of the wrist
oh hello I spy channel everyone's house
basically so what you want to do is when
you first flip the burger over the first
time that's what you can see where the
most of the blood is filling up it's
mostly right Varekai so you can see it
big feeding we do this little thing that
was a little more frozen the other one
now we're gonna let we're gonna let us
saute for a little bit longer yeah as
you want to get your burgers have
approximately 115 degrees Fahrenheit
which is also negative 75 degrees
Celsius they gave my calculation is
right and what you want to do is you
want to let it serenade a little bit and
as you know who use a regular canola oil
cooking spray yes which is a thousand
percent halal and they don't test on
animals which is also a good thing
because we have birds in the house
what's up bad this is epic eyes so I
have a Kyrie Jersey and when the with
them paths go up I switch to that and
right now I'm going the crazy burgers
for you my boy Harris you know all right
p2 is ankle
you know I'm the king of me so if you
want to see me make up me if you got me
was very mean how mean I'm just gonna
take a picture right now for you guys
you guys have to make a me minute
whoever comes up with the funniest mean
between two tops
so whoever makes the best meeting tweet
us at Harris k15 you get a free t-shirt
are you supposed to say my app kikes
Omar with the case that would like this
dial right now ladies and gentlemen we
introduce you guys someone new how you
doing sir thank you you know we had our
vlog left Illuminati he's actually in
the Illuminati can't you tell me I know
okay
damn it are you starting I'm gonna this
is this is my boy Henry I've known him
since
maybe kindergarten funny sort of how we
met I'm gonna let him tell you go know
what was the first time we ever met
first time we ever talked inside of a
bathroom series and I was a little
soccer thing every Sunday at Saturday
Sunday Saturday and we're on different
teams and I went to the bathroom and I
was peeing and then Henry like came next
me out of all there was like seven
different stalls open and he walks like
he was right next to me and he's like
I'm peeing then he goes looks and he's
like we've got a minute and I have to
play it's a tie game in 96 96 LeBron has
the ball misses it tips it out my god
yeah what do you what are your
expectations going into this last final
in one minute and 16 seconds
mr. n 375 so they win by one point nice
guys stop tweeting us Charlie moans okay
it's over before I follow like a hundred
people man open is over time Oh Gus
that was a great shot by Shumpert
that was great Dee who was on the broad
green yeah hey Gazala
great defense Iggy Warriors are up seven
warriors up at 7 in overtime Harris
you had to do monthly pick up to your
new supplies we've got some new heads
over here guys so what Kris Jenner is
gonna become a guy for Kendall Jenner
I mean series Jenner Caitlyn Frosted
Flakes Jenner
so all those snaps you just saw over
from here dude you got the dirk nowitzki
of exclusives right here Burnham
sneak-peek ready
you're gonna block it you know those
lines are the guys are like this is that
it goes in after hitting the billion
things oh all right any last words were
about to actually dip out of here
it was a great day I know your team did
him spider webs my butt crack
so my predictions are still right where
is one game one Cleveland one game to
the rock should I hit that shot he just
stuttered a little too much but you
can't stop that train oh yeah I'm sorry
to drop it so we've got some breaking
basketball footage over here anyway
that's it for today's vlog man I gotta
go drive home now an hour and 20 minutes
and then we'll walk 2:30 and everybody's
asking about the shoes the shoes are
gonna be on the website Saturday or
Sunday so stay tuned for that ku season
is up and out thumbs up make sure you
guys give it at least two thumbs up on
this one it's time to come it's been a
minute since we got two thumbs up on a
blow - two thumbs up mm thumbs up on a
blog so make it happen right now yeah
thank you be copyright gee these guys
pay me 50 cents to plug that music out
of them okay anyway thanks for watching
guys I love you the window looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I failed my
mission got the same goal same feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming down from
a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'm talk to a wizard
