what about these bro these are the
helical Hillary Clinton fours right or
is that the Michelle Obama's oh I'm so
calm man as you can see I'm not Michael
not in my car right now I'm an absolute
car because I got to take it to get a
oil change because she took my car so
being a nice guy and I woke up to take
her parts the oil change I'm so tired oh
man tired tired what up guys so I'm
packing right now shirts and the hats
ship out and half of the orders will be
shipped on today the other half will be
shipped out tomorrow you guys can see we
got the boxes are here but anyway for
the people that ordered the short sleeve
hoodies they're inside tags are wrong
tell me what's really going on
so I sent you guys a chart so just in
case you guys are confused anyway that's
my field box if you guys don't send me
anything sexy so hate mail or anything
so don't worry we got your size right so
look so if it says medium it's extra
small if it says large it's a small if
it says extra-large it's a medium if
it's as extra extra-large it's a large
so don't worry I did make sure to send
you this so you guys know that you
didn't get the wrong size I'm shipping
them out so hopefully you guys do get
them this week cuz they're all gonna be
shipped out under first-class mail so
yeah just giving it to you guys first
class we get it in like two two days to
three days depending on where you are so
if not you're gonna get it by within the
next week so yeah so then I just want to
say thank you to everyone who did make a
purchase off the dream crew website
shipping out the first half of the
orders right now pack them all up and
I'm just blessed to be able to have
people who support me want to be part of
the crew and rep the crew and you know
it's just like a side business I do with
the videos and so thank you to everyone
truly for supporting and buying the
merch and wrapping the cool
like really really appreciate it so
thank you guys and I hope you guys get
your merch without any damages that's
not on my end that's on the UPS end um
your United States Postal Service need
they deeper than telekinesis deeper than
yours just a dying and you're telling
your nieces the deeper we get me the
pressure increases but my name is John
and Armand and Charlotte and ourselves
they have it I messed it up anyway oh my
mom's right here yeah sorry
Ashley's hot buddy - mom's going to
Germany tomorrow so I gotta go to Target
and get her outlet plug a universal plug
and some like deodorants body sprays for
my cousin's out there you know how the
typical Middle Eastern families always
get each other body supplies and creams
and all that good stuff so I gotta get
her that stuff anyway just today's Q
will be Q opt BT today's throwback video
is a video that's two different videos
that are together to make one amazing
highlight video it's a basketball
highlight video and it stars uh all of
the crew some old-school people some
new-school people no not new-school
people some old-school people so it
definitely it's gonna be a dope TBT for
you guys because it's NBA playoff finals
time Game one of the finals is today for
you guys so all I never cleared this up
as you guys can see there's a sticker
right here see all shit I can't go
I said I hate when guys keep the top
stickers on their hats those big circle
ones I hate that take those off this
under one the authentication one that's
cool with me I don't see a problem with
that now I forgot to clear that up in
the thing because all my hats I keep the
under sticker but I'm talking about that
top sticker that shows that you just
bought it this just shows that it's
authentic the top one shows that you
just bought it so I'm sorry for my
miscommunication alright so we're gonna
update the website dream crew with hello
shoes so I want to show you guys a
preview of what's gonna be on the
website the first shoe what are these
stuff 11 lab 4 size 10 and a half so
that's the first shoe is this the
Barcelona days the bottom of this is
sick that one that's the size eight and
a half so we got different sizes you
know so that's gonna be on the website
Hornet 5 size 10 size 10 Hornets
yeah gee are we gonna do it to them I
think these are limited role I don't
know those are the odds is what about
these breath these are the helical Airy
clinton fours right or is that the
Michelle Obama's yeah okay let's see
what else we got some easy foams besides
of these 7y so for the kids
7y how much you put these for what is
reaching 180 Kobe nines
I mean Kobe tens all-stars D so these
are all DS by the way these are none of
these are used brand new some Roche runs
mutt DJ mustard right here 3m reflective
besides of these nine and a half these
right here are gonna sell real quick
what size are these this is a nine and a
half women's size 11 so multicolored
Flyknit what does this racer write or
just a trainer no this is a trainer
Flyknit trainers d/s these go for like
what 300 but we're gonna list them on
the website if you're way lower than
that so these are just some of the shoes
that we are listing so take a good look
dream cruise let me go get the other
shoe that I'm putting in there these
right here BAM size 10 these are used
but these are gonna be pretty expensive
this is gonna be the most expensive item
on the website but there you guys have
it trying to get a good shot all right
guys welcome to qpt BT today since NBA
playoffs are coming to an end with NBA
Finals who would have passed coming to
an end with NBA Finals I thought we'd
take a look back at these all-star games
that we used to have we used to have
them once every few months where all the
homies would come together and play and
unfortunately we don't play we only do
it like once a year now but because
everyone has jobs in fact and we got no
worries but anyway I'm gonna do some
commentary and talk about this and let's
go as you guys can see I tried to do
special effects back in the day this is
the 2010 all-star game you can see me
putting in work on so I all right
starting up here we got Killa cam Killa
cam right here you see that block on
Harris going close to coast but anyway
the points that you see on here they
were tallied in after we played we
watched the whole game and then we
tallied all the points and then we
thought we double them so we were
playing ones and twos but when we
tallied up the points we counted them as
twos and threes that's why they might
seem a little outrageous um I'll deal
mojo 32 points he's a football player
but you know you can still ball out
going close to close right there hit
that three
and it was fun man what was the team's
here I can't remember exactly the two
teams but I'm too lazy to like figure
out who was on whose team but it was fun
man this is probably one of the funnest
all-star games right here 63 points or
faisal me and firefighter was on my team
he was definitely our leading scorer as
you can see and this was probably like
the first time faisal played basketball
for months man he'd be taking some long
breaks back then and you see him
drinking all the threes look at that
pass from little you'll wow look at that
spin move Wow this was our core to this
just don't in junior high where we used
to play all the time this was like
everybody Hooper has their childhood
court this is it Harris K in the build
and here we go let's check out these
Harris highlights bamas Harris always
played with that soldiers Jersey you
could see him playing that same Jersey
in the next game after this one I'm sure
you guys two games watch this what what
Harris to Sam Raghav that was a nice
pass look at that one-handed right there
from Harris Harris does not drive
anymore so this is rare right here oh
look at that pass he's a shooter now
straight up shooter the homie John came
through at 19 points his hair had 15
points but look at that little shot John
has one of the weirdest shots I've ever
seen and he's one of the straightest he
keeps it straight on the court like it
when I'm ball hugging he's like man pass
the damn ball that's how he thought but
uh yeah we had John on our team I
believe John yeah John is on our team
and it was just a fun day man these all
anytime you get these all sorted games
together it was just something that we
would look forward to we'd actually
practice for them all you see yusuf
coming in here with the layup taking his
shirt off trying to show off his body
look at him he actually blocked me down
and then there's a point where Yusuf got
really wet like he made like three
threes in a row I think is those two and
it might be one more yeah right here Bo
oh here comes the highlight kid 48
points triple-double for the kid watch
this watch this watch how cocky I used
to be
watch this jerk Hey look at that shot
lay off far out shooting for bruh this
is like my prime time look at that block
on Harris this was definitely my
I used to ball out I used to be wrong
man look at these euro steps no one
could touch me watch the sternum Oh
giving it to Sora play the Euro step
again I was the king of the Euro step
man and then you got to get that little
layup you know so fall out another three
right there you know give him a little
taunting right here another one in all
deals eye boom put it over the eye boy
here comes Sam shamrock gave 22 points
came through look at this Sam such a
fundamental player man we used to him me
Sam so high and Jose used to play
together more than any one man it was
really fun back then look look at that
pass by Harris again there's had a lot
of assists and that's his wow I couldn't
reach it Sam with the crazy shots one
time I watched them playing his uh AAU I
think it was and he shot the three and
it got stuck between the ball between
the rim and the backboard and we were
dying little Yost man this guy's tough
on the court man look at those rebounds
13 reap oh look at that pass by me 13
rebounds for the shortest guy on the
court man he's a tough player but you
see him Oh a nice move man mean low
yellow that's my little cousin for those
of you guys who don't know and he used
to be in the videos a lot in addition it
out man watches he got his custom
rockets Jersey on back but I always see
that great great - man we've by Killa
cam anos here comes so high who was the
leader of his team who made up he made a
great run at the end during this game
like they were down like 20 points and
he came back in just like brought them
back and I think Heat I don't know he
was he made it within one I believe but
he was putting work on me like you could
just see him blow by me every single
play I got that James Harden defense you
know definitely that key players were so
high and Harris but all their players
played well damn so I pushing it over me
this is the game-winning point right
there that was the game-winning point so
we did win look at that pass to John
fire Oh another pastor Faisal so man
this was yeah this was definitely one of
the funnest games of all-star games we
have you have a ton more but some of
them we don't even have on camera
because we didn't have cameramen but soy
with that right there and then watch
that that that's definitely a technical
but anyway that ends the 2010 all-star
game now you're gonna see the 2011
all-star game so there's gonna be a few
extra faces hairs with the LeBron chalk
toss see the special effects in their
hairs wearing the same Jersey again this
one doesn't have highlights for each
player it's just a mix of highlights so
the C kill'uh cam this is our pregame my
team BAM
I was running with the Harris and we
were playing oh look at Faisal no yells
in there Jose watch Yousuf with this
jump ball that was unnecessary and then
we get to it that's all Sadiq right
there
one of my homies he's in one of my first
videos Adam you guys know I had him
here's his little brother watch this boy
your boy was still bawling out threes
for days Adam with the little spin move
you know one of the only people who
still ballin right now hell out of all
these people on the court that's Sal and
his little brother right there watch
hair is you know Harris definitely was
absent in this game I feel like he was a
non-factor
but Yosef aruki in this thing I watch
this movie woof-woof it's like an ice
cream scoop Yusef trying to flex his
muscles again and then John I'm sorry
right there with a nice Stephen Jackson
Jersey watch your boy watch your boy
look at the spin move off the backboard
I'll keep it real with you guys I didn't
play that great this game I was getting
worked I made some bad matchups by
putting two I put my boy you savants how
sudoku played really good high school
ball and the same team like 80 watch
this pass right there Yama
that's Yama by the way look how fat he
was off the head of John BAM and he
continues and finishes the play
here's Faisal with a nice crossover oh I
guess high schools on their team to kill
the cam cuz that's John Steven Jackson
Bamber's look at that pass right there
Christ to use it oh you so much
who's this Adam with a nice move Adam
probably took like 90% of our shots this
game that's maybe why I was out of my
guru what look at the move by Harris
John John has the weirdest shot man look
at that look at this floater by Sal yes
no the music was different that's why
the music the you'll see the video is
kind of like weird some of the stuff
that happens in the video is supposed to
go with the music but unfortunately I
had to take the music off there's a
copyright and you can see killer cam
going for the help out or watch this BAM
block on fight so Oh watch this move
whoop that's your boy right there again
Sal with a nice little shot headed this
special effects you see my old car in
the background
Oh use of God block Oh Sal God block
Harris going in here she's in the
backboard oh look at that Euro step
again I was the king of the Euro step
man look how high that shot was Harris
it's another one man this one definitely
was fun too but it wasn't as fun as the
last one because the last one was way
more competitive I think my team got
blowing out this game so a little Yost I
put a lot of good guys in this thing
which is probably kind of bad because it
made the regular players look not as
good as the other guys but you can see
that the bars are starting to heat up
and turn red right now but watch this
move right here
ooh that's a Kobe shot right there that
was a dumb shot on my part BAM MERS
Faisal with the three First Alert
another three and yeah they had a kill
team Yousuf I think that's the first
time oh look at this layup openly about
Yousuf great shot man Killa cam back in
there Faisal with the right-handed three
I think that was the game winner right
there yeah pretty sure that was the game
winner but there you guys have it two
all-star games thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed and yeah man
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same
then feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one then those
ain't laughs in a while I'll talk to a
whiz
