are you maybe girl you show your faces
okay what's up guys the people's house a
rad target right now 11 o'clock at night
heiresses in Fremont so we're gonna do
an editor to target long since I have
evolved all day so we're just gonna do a
little run-through however long this is
we'll switch I'll hold it for five
minutes you go over for five minutes the
show I just need to give it a like to do
things
everyone's got a bunch of warrior stuff
yeah Thursday even though we're not
going you know they got that Lee Teuk
USA at least Hawks are here look they're
doing press-ons know he do Massimo come
on my flag scarf Indies G all these to
the flag yes or no the finish line she
feels yeah anyway you know what's up G
what's how's your day going you know
anyway so what are your predictions for
Game one so Game one I'm gonna say
Warriors got Game one and they're gonna
come out hot game - I got Cavs game
three I got Cavs game four
I got you know warriors coming back so
it's gonna be - - after for Game five
Cleveland in Oracle which I will be and
you will be at hopefully yeah we need to
get so Game five they're gonna go up
three two and Game six in Ohio the rest
history for to Cleveland first
championship in Cleveland and that's all
she wrote ladies and gentlemen quote
that prediction season yours
I say the same thing but I think I think
Cleveland's gonna win but I want
warriors to it look they have the Steph
Curry like one but they don't have the
LeBron 104 then you might have to get
her off eBay G but I think Warriors I
hope warriors gonna win but we'll see
man it's gonna be a good series for sure
it's just probably the match if that
I've been looking forward to more than
any other Finals matchup in the past
like five years well that's never gonna
happen unless next year for some reason
Lakers just become extremely good
yeah head Nick King just got engaged
yeah screw Nick yeah and you ruined his
career by getting with that freaking
garbage popstar one of the hip-hop
artists wait what I need awk I need a
tape no I need tape and I need a glove I
need things and I can't want to cover
the audio thing because I'm shipping out
all right so we antar you right now Jim
right here
he's busy at work so if you don't want
to get in trouble so basically I
supposed to get some stuff to ship out
this is one of Christ his favorite
things when he makes his own headbands
and stuff I don't know he's gonna put
that on the site later on you guys can
get a special headband made by Christ so
can some yeah hoorah I don't know the
audio thing is s over muffles my
apologetics I'll take a dolphin give
that hey the holes on top yeah keep it
down
yeah so I'm gonna Fremont for a minute
and then I go back home to Modesto
are you a Crip hashtag crip Thursdays do
they have other gift-wrapping yeah oh
yeah goodies wait what are you gonna
gift wrap for okay so for the shipping I
went to the post office and I took their
free boxes but those boxes aren't for
all the people who do the you know the
set price for whatever that box is so
yeah I took all the mediums so that they
don't know that it shipped it with that
I'm wrapping them up with blue thing in
the mercial
oh nice yeah do this I think this is
like five dollar flat rate boxes no
they're like twelve
thank you five bucks for 95 spritz this
ography yeah looks like hello
random okay this is like box for yeah so
they'll never suspect that thing it'll
be nice inking jet I think I need
printer ink master
I shouldn't could have live it on the
hats because one person bought three
hats
you're really pouring them right now oh
my bad I was like we love Harris but
today he was so boy guys alright here we
go
plane about the ankle so crisis ankles
RI is doing good no it hurts like this
yeah so somebody complained about it and
then somebody commented on his thing and
they said yeah you're right I'm bored
after three months I think I'm going on
oh yeah oh that's actually so we're
gonna do all of the sudden this is the
section in crew series called all of a
sudden he knows Blair that's a new
segment one per we're gonna do a little
um we're gonna do a hot seat with the
next random person
all right here we go Oh Stefan curry
again it's all stepper here we go
hot seat
cloak Isis buying this stuff right now
we're gonna put you in the hot seat
right now while you're buying stuff what
is your favorite candy
hurry bow gummy bears what is your
favorite candy Kit Kat what is your
favorite soda vanilla coke what is your
favorite soda Coke regular coke what is
your favorite type of hamburger
rodeo burger yours veggie burger
regularity the healthy ones almost
palpable what is your favorite pair of
shoes the ones I'm Way what are your
favorite pair of shoes
Oh fire alright does it have a good
night
there we go alright so that was the my
favorite shoes that my easy Oh Chris
oh that's racist I love iron in the blog
for races dude shit no I'm like Chris I
I still beat your ass and bowling Chris
even though you cheated last time he
comes up to me he tells me you already
beat me and I'm like ok I already beat
him so I go when I just throw the ball
randomly and I had a pin in the back
that fell just randomly so I just went
and that messed up my whole thing and
then they add up the score finally and
then he wins by three pins Chris I love
chicken I love you
you cheater could rematch rematch was we
should play again
I assume he's gonna be a long night
Thursday and it's gonna be you barbecue
no I'm barbecuing so y'all gonna see me
barbecue on Thursday I'll have these
special things called Harris's
hamburgers and Harris's hot dogs I might
be opening up a stand like a whole old
guys it's gonna be called hairy guys if
we open up a hole all guys out here came
over I think autumn I'll be like the Oh
November I said SF yeah oh no they're
already opening one oh that's F that's
Stephanie I think on campus Berkeley UC
Berkeley they're getting a whole guys -
someone sent me the link when I went to
New York last time for the Good Morning
America I couldn't find that Molalla
guys I think because I open the store I
don't have the carts anymore that's done
I know they should keep it oh jeez
they'll keep the the carts and stuff
deep never never ruin a good thing so
everyone tweet me questions right now
and I'm gonna answer them first question
comes in them yeah let me put you in the
hot seat
I'll come you know how C okay
okay I'm gonna let's see I'm taking
questions okay McDonald's or Burger King
Burger King because the rodeo
cheeseburger okay for the first thing
you notice up from when you meet a girl
smile yeah my teeth the type of guy when
I was doing that beautiful that's
beautiful smiles opens up like this is a
nice guy answer truth let's see looks
our personality personality all day
looks you can look at someone and then
you can get tired of looking at them you
know if they're like really beautiful
but if you can't like hold a
conversation you can't what for me a big
thing a girl you want to like you know
shot amazed with me you know you gotta
make me laugh I need a funny girl I'm
gonna make you laugh you gotta make me
laugh it's a it's a two-way street
funny looking care you beautiful to me
you have a beautiful personality baby
girl just just make me laugh you know
someone's gonna snap you tonight like
hey I'm not beautiful on the outside but
inside
that's the girls that snap you like this
baby girl you show your faces okay
unless you were like a burqa it's okay I
understand but I still love you
this camera weighs easily 75 pounds
the home is oh mama that workout
okay there oh okay let's say you've got
to come up with some spicy questions
dream car Nissan GTR celebrity crush
Scarlett Johansson was my crush but I
really
oh what's that girl's name
and Nicki Minaj
if you had a thing about Destin when he
used to show us shoes at Marina and it
not cop for us or say they're like size
five two hours after making us wait two
hours up for me gonna say it
oh no she's gonna be here as a chin here
over Griffith his chin Oh big words
Congrats bro psyche Big Bird wins
hashtag thanks for the invitation okay
yeah Destin's chin here and his armor
here is assembling okay that this to
vlog okay okay that's good
his armpit hair and his chin here the
same length okay good
Chris what I hate about Chris that he's
a cheater in bowling but he's a handsome
mother sucker okay me
keep it real
your nipples look like pepperonis I
never seen his ass he asked too many
times five times five I've just not
enough got my window down
did you nuts in it Halloween
it's not a duty so I could diddy what am
i hate about psyche duty his uh
snapchats who else is there actually
really hate about Ashley that she posts
a picture on Instagram that she deletes
a five minutes later Julie cam kill the
camera hit about Killa cam he doesn't
work me out all the time
that's not oh yes sometimes it is James
agree when I hit my Jamie he's gonna
sell me some breads and I thought I was
the only one but he texted like 30 other
people and they had in the crew and then
he hadn't up selling him to some dude
that suppose we give him a high bid but
I highly doubt it you probably just
ended up bringing for girls to bellicose
at Thursday's knowing the great she's
moving the grades gonna be this point I
might be W watching this you de miembro
your music sites yeah you do oh hold on
a sec excuse me sir what is your
favorite candy charm eyes
what is your favorite soda
she's jolly Oh what's your favorite does
Afghan dessert pile out gonna shape it
up the Afghani broker these two pretty
often he's good you know what they call
it in Pashto Bernie kyun so cute in
Punjabi I do it's called here cute
either cute yeah it same thing okay
that's a homer Oklahoma you might
smarter matter at Nike marina no bro me
do have the plug the one over playing
you won't see my marina you'll see him
at flea market
okay last last question for the night
last person from the crude my head oh my
hip when in yg one thing ok I'm here do
I hate him mow him he takes a lot of
photo shoots shut it out swag for my
birthday what I hate my yg that he's
sexy as shit and he sends me these like
come on well I'm trying to get your
lighting going he said he said oh but
they're lighting dota he sends me on
these special snapchats some have a
shirt on some have a shirt off oh yeah
you got the one today that he's tall
and that's the only reason why you guys
beat us in the last all-star tournament
another with this September just let me
know I will all-star game in the Bay
Area how many people from the baby would
come watch it for free you know that'd
be pretty fun yeah sweet us right in the
comments also to also again yeah yeah
let us know because may hey worse all
right that's it that's it yeah I'm gonna
go home
I'm not gonna pack these shipping's out
and ship them out tomorrow man I love
you guys thank you so much for coming to
another this whole vlog I really love
you because that was a really lazy
attempt on me from logging all day I
just bought the life is boring I
apologize usually if the cameras aren't
on like Christ will be running behind me
grabbing my booty you know making out
like in the aisles sometimes you know we
can't really put that on there some may
say he's the Timothy DeLaGhetto of
YouTube and I'm the Ricky shots of
YouTube
we're the Middle Eastern version of
Timothy DeLaGhetto and our t-shirt but
shout out to Tim shots of ricky shucks
shoutout to Shaolin monks
oh yeah shower mounted be watching this
budget and I'm gonna coming in Mo Money
Ball
be careful bro you know remember what he
said lesson because he gets to sometimes
he's not gonna get you know we love you
guys thank you so much for watching this
whole thing if it's boring
let us know if you liked it let us know
if you don't really give us and let us
know but still yeah we got the the
Thursday blog that you guys gonna see is
gonna be amazing because you're gonna
see all of us again and yeah gonna be
basketball is gonna be a bunch of we're
gonna see all just released this there's
a TV t QQ PT PT this week is fire but I
just know that oh man I don't think
they're ready I don't think anyone's
watching this honestly you're watching
this comments a on the bond up on the
comments know tweet us and say I watched
until this point know says keyword
keyword charlotte moans charlotte moans
tweet us say charlotte moans so he does
a shallow Mahalo you right it will
follow you whoever tweets shallow moans
and then tweet has so high and say then
I'm sorry tweet that swag and say we
wear our sneakers and then also on his
IG and then if you get blocked just let
us know what's up well I'm lucky your
boys going on yes I got did he blocked
me right side why did you block me bro
I'm so sorry I'm I'm a big fan of you
not wearing your sneakers
no strike where's the sneakers guys
anyway guys that's it
shout out to the trophy broke o RP to
the finance okay we got the tripod for
the EOP after dark thrown up I'm really
not gonna edit this blog at all because
I'm so sorry yeah just keep it dry and
let the go filming yourself okay nice
we'll see you know shoes and stuff I'll
just go buy some I'll be like follow me
but LeBron please win another
championship I love you bye bye Lauren
Bo Peep over there alright that's it
yeah I'm gonna do this love you guys do
screw this cool
let's get 60,000 subscribers on this
channel let's get sixty thousand likes
on this video right now
oh yeah you guys are still watching this
and I love you guys keep it keep it 100
oh hey guys he's dropping 100 ready when
okay oh you do even I don't even know
what the heck 100 is ocean blue side
reported this way to focus is very to
focus don't let it drop it
my face - Oh touch there we go
sometimes in life you think about
obstacles but this ain't chuck-e-cheese
think about that cuz it took your teases
the playground as a playground and as
I've told you have about playgrounds
right what basically lighting in
elementary school basically I dropped
out of school and on there what too many
games I won Oh Doug Doug how would the
goose no I was goosey goosey cats right
y'all let's duck ducking out here good
keep a real cut don't know but tell you
cuz that's that gang sign y'all don't
even know about us at Westside Motown
vlog you're a lot of laws would be like
two hours each day I would just I'll
just sit down I'll give you guys I'm
like no you should start vlogging from
work listen up
I love all the people that come into
your work oh my god like that one guy
the gas station the new me swing fines
yeah I guess I got some crazy people are
coming to my shop but I can make a
little reality show about that but what
would I talk about I don't know cuz my
life isn't really that that is that
important or that let me drop five bars
like it's a rap album you a crap album
if you need a tic-tac album but I only
got gum for you like a five died all you
guys is so fat you shop at five my guys
wait no no I'm not Jenna Caitlyn Jenner
see you girl shall I kendall Jenner I
really don't know you guys said that
picture you didn't get that I got the
picture in the morning and I had to I
looked at him like before I made a
comment or anything like what the hell
is this
he/she should Shem when I allow her
Brooke how would she look better than
some of the girls I found out that she
was she's getting the award for courage
at the ESPYs yeah she's getting the ESPY
award for courage the one that Stuart
Scott got last year right in other words
Scott to Caitlyn Jenner but look here's
the thing I was mad at that first but
then I realized that he's an Olympic
gold medal yeah he is that's when I
realized okay now it makes sense
but like the thing I saw on Twitter
today when Michael Jackson went from
black to white face everyone was giving
him shit about it right but then Bruce
can go from the guys are adorable
I know Illuminati all through your body
Illuminati - but I mean
where your diamonds that were your
pyramids that cuz I've made my shit you
wanna see oh yeah
now my shoutouts Illuminati I'll be
taking care of it exists that's my
opinion now somebody's gonna come in a
big that's paragraph like og it is watch
this Disney movie at 4:14 you'll see
Peter Pan but buttocks make a triangle
if so many triangles triangles is like
you can't have a structure without a
triangle basically triangle is like the
the base of I don't know humanity I
don't know what do you want to say the
triangles and everything I liked the
only reason why I like wearing like hats
and stuff that have that just so it can
cause a stir you know that's what it's
for us is what it is cause attention
like if there was like two or three guys
you know just sitting they'd be old it
shit though what did we get murdered
after this vlog yeah
y'all know who it was Illuminati exposed
title this video
Kalu linear now you know why what did
you want to say killuminati I think that
means kill Illuminati okay I think so I
don't know it's me five sixty four
threes with me because I shoot
three-pointers so none
bread let's get out of here we know I
got a long walk home and yeah no
seriously this is like a total min
o'clock so unedited thank you guys for
watching like he does like it for Harris
like for me like for me don't like for
me I'll be hating on me but that's it I
love y'all
he loves y'all we love y'all we wouldn't
be doing this but it's for y'all so when
you watch hope you guys enjoy I hate
watching TV Moo's gives me a headache
yeah love you guys thank you Oh watch I
watched that adversity with my mom and
this is the first time watching a 3d
movie was it good oh yeah all right
maisha psycho yeah grows a metal Misha
okay so what about Shepherd said he
wants to change the finals to Cleveland
because he's scared of that movie
tickets get changed game wanted to all
right that's it finally the Warriors
will see you wait today's Wednesday so
tomorrow's Game one so yes oh this is
going on Wednesday so no next vlog
tomorrow good luck warriors good luck
Cleveland is going to see a great game
on let's have a great series and may the
best team win
Lakers 2016
more like unique 2016 players bring them
but okay logo all right little guys like
a human I'm just gonna take time we
gonna take this home
oh but I would just sink Indian song see
you guys in the car anyway I'm just
gonna bring it back to him if you guys
like missing Indian songs let me know
sliding to my DMS or my stature and when
am i dance shot oh my shut about have my
arm is so tired that's what worked out
from arica yeah alright guys
awesome you outro looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life
you don't know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while come talk to
