going to a grandiy or uh I thought like
you were joining like wrestling clevon
know maybe one day with the sea when the
physique it's right you know so in this
world there's Wars
there's killings there's people getting
robbed there's all that stuff but the
main headline all over the news today is
that Bruce Jenner is on the cover as
Vanity Fair anyway we posted a video on
Sunday it is Tuesday for you guys it's
Monday for me I'm sorry I didn't post a
vlog yesterday honestly I was home all
day Sunday resting my ankle and icing it
and watching Elimination Chamber WWE but
I'm back in action today even though my
ankle it's still you know a little
bruised or whatever it's getting better
but honestly it's getting better as far
as the look of it shut up deadmau5 it's
getting better from the look of it but
honestly the pain is the same and I
don't know it's starting to hurt like
like right here this is where it's
starting to hurt
well it's not starting to this is where
it is hurting so I don't know it usually
gets better over time so hopefully we'll
see what happens anyway but anyway
what's up guys um let me show you show
you guys but I just showed my snapchat
we've posted the target basketball part
2 which was the NBA edition and I knew
it wasn't gonna go as viral as the last
one did and a lot of people are hating
on it because they're saying that all we
are so unoriginal
you always have to kill it with a part -
man let history repeat itself because
every single thing that has a part one
that's good has a part two now the part
twos are never as good look at all the
movies anytime there's a good movie they
make a part to anchorman - it wasn't as
good as the first one but it was still
good in my opinion a lot of people hated
it because they have high expectations
compared the first one but at the end of
the day when something's good why not go
for it number two you have nothing to
lose and so much to gain that's why I
did it and I knew I was gonna make a
part two before I
part one just because I am a fan of
basketball and I love Target when you
put the two together it's amazing this
so yeah there you go that's my
explanation for that but anyway I'm
trying to get target to notice the video
because they're like the only ones I
hate on it probably cuz they're out
there store or whatever but check this
out y'all okay SB nation verified
account bleacher report again baby like
the number one sports online account
website they tweeted it guy who dunked
on girlfriend while shopping at Target
returns for NBA Finals and then look the
funniest thing is all the way down here
they said Warriors fans just hope a
little bit doesn't see this video
because I did the cooking dance so
warriors if you guys lose please do not
blame me oh I'm sorry
other than that well uh bar down posted
it bro Bible posted it I tweeted it to
Stefan curry I don't think you'll see it
but yeah man I'm just blessed to be able
to have the video being viewed by
different people who aren't even
subscribers through all these accounts
or shout out told this account to have
posted a video and enjoyed it I if it
does get on SportsCenter I did submit it
to one of my connects at ESPN if it does
get on ESPN again that would be another
blessing and I honestly think I'll be
more happier than the first time more
happier there's the first time and yeah
man this is it's a bust man so thank you
everyone who watched and supported it
appreciate you guys love you guys and
I'm gonna throw out another banger at
you guys this weekend this weekend's
topic is social media for the main
channel video so it's something pretty
cool that I think is very important on
our time and the video definitely has
some meaning to it so yeah so as you
guys know I spray-painted that NBA
trophy I made with that 24 karat gold
spray paint obviously it's not real 24
karat gold but I didn't know what to do
with the rest of it and I just had these
chillin in my house I really don't know
why they were chillin in my house they
were freaking size 12 size 12 so I
decided to damn bamm-bamm damn
spray-paint these gold but I didn't do
the bottom but it's very printed these
goals Dems the Jordans
that Javon doesn't even have you know
I'm saying so let me know who's trying
to cop these 5000 OBO exclusive only one
of the shoes is gold the other ones half
gold because I ran out of paint but you
feel me let me know you know we kept the
trend try the bottom did we kept the
attraction that's the word I was looking
for we kept the traction on there clear
so if you trying to hoop in them but let
me know we got some exclusives right
here I'm just kidding honestly I don't
know what I'm gonna do with these I
don't even know why I had these I think
I bought him a long time ago because
actually a long time ago about two years
ago me and Harris were gonna get
together and we were gonna open up our
own sneaker shop so what we were trying
to do is we were trying to like stack up
as many shoes as we could so that we
could open and then one day we just gave
up I told him I was moving to LA that's
right before I moved to LA and I was
just like dude I'm just gonna sell
everything I have it I'm just gonna move
to LA and that's when I did that and
yeah so these were just chilling here
and I just started to just spray-paint
him gold for no reason and I'll probably
use this as a trophy when I do a video
that I'm gonna do with sneakers so yep
so
I've been dying to go to the gym still
been dieting except yesterday was like
it's not yesterday wait was this early
Sunday yesterday was my cheat day I
didn't have a cheat day I had a cheat
meal where I just had a pizza but I mean
it was Sunday anyway back on the diet
today again and yeah I'm dying to go to
the gym but like what can I do like I
can only swim so I don't think I'm good
tonight because I want to rest it man
this ankles getting worse it's just
because I've been like cheating it like
nothing's wrong with it I just been
walking around so tomorrow morning I
think I'm gonna go back to the gym after
two days and I'm gonna swim again and
try to do some other stuff like that but
we'll see man the gym grind is still
continuing don't think I fell off guys
you know we got a small injury but
nothing major
have you heard minute Texas South by
Southwest so I decided to get my butt up
because if I want to be the world
heavyweight champion
because I will be understand but why
like I don't get it it's just a little
motor if I came up with you know
motivation to be like a wrestler even
though I don't want to be a wrestler but
just like to get in shape like I want to
get in shape I want to grandi or I
thought like you're joining like a
wrestling club in know maybe one day
would the see when the physique it's
right you know anyway we're here at the
gym no you don't have to do steroids
protein no first I'm gonna slim down
then we're gonna poke up even though I'm
doing it the wrong way I just want to be
slimmer first so we just did a updated
weigh-in and how many pounds did you
lose four pounds
the goal is 20 right is 20 I can wait
I'm pretty sure it's not fat though I
think it's just water weight and shit
because then because I ate like before I
came to the gym so that's my excuse
right now but no I'm pretty sure I lost
weight I'll do a double I'll double
check tomorrow morning when I come would
it become maybe you have to poop
possibly because I had some cereal
before I love thinking but all day today
was just that chicken and then a turkey
sandwich earlier but yeah
a lot of sandwiches that yeah I know I
need to stop eating bread but hey man we
still got 20 days for the challenge and
I'm gonna get my flight to wherever I'm
going to Guatemala you'd only get it one
way looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cause I smile the only ones and
those ain't laughs in a while come talk
to us
