was good crew TV this is a my tiny but
effective shoe collection right here
film Akash has been asking to show it
off I've been out of town I'm back for
the summer filmy so we bout to get it
started over right now all right so uh
you know for military force they've been
through a lot time for like five years
all my stuff undies
me I'm the undies King aware all my
shoes then shout out to you-know-who and
got the threes true blues this is a cool
show you mean me my dad have him used to
mash when I was in high school we got
the ones shadow ones I got these uh my
boy dusty was working at it
san leandro marina he text me like I
came like I came through and like five
my told him to go hide I'm hot and I
won't get in trouble for that right now
for hiding him but any part of the
company no more he's good I'm not
affiliated with nice he's not affiliated
with him anymore breath but uh yeah he
hit him for me I got there within like
20 minutes copy easily how much you pay
for those amazing page 79 for these 79
yeah Gracie Laura was going for like 400
right now look cool grey everybody's in
11 phonetic me my boy does he know we
can't doubt for these
second in line that finish line do is
try to cut us this couple it was couple
fights for these Brides get though these
fish she'll been through a lot I
actually uh I had to get two pairs
disease because my first ones got stolen
in high school out of my locker
told me my sister bought me a pair shout
out to my sister tried to whooping these
uh lost about thirty weight teen poops
but their hosts versus no oh oh yeah I
go don't play with those anymore in
throwbacks look at the look at the Nike
sign broke that's age right there huh
that's vintage
you know then guy I got two pairs of the
futures I got them all Reds I like how
all the futures have the gold tips on
you got the 3m reflective futures you
fill me again like it does that's that's
a lot i've been putting these to work
I've never seen anybody else have going
on their futures Chris is doing
something wrong with this collection you
got the for real the true throw backs
out here
the wolf grace being dusty copies at the
same time seems like you guys have spent
a lot of time buying shoes together yeah
does we always watch the shoes and the
only thing we spend time doing I mean
what's your most memorable memory of you
two camping out for a shoe oh we're at
San Jose Valley Fair Mall we kept enough
for the play laughs Oh laughs twelve
we're camping out for him we was all
nighter and it happened to be nice to
California Pizza Kitchen not was it a
piece of my heart and the manager came
out gave us like three boxes of pizza
just saying oh that sure you guys are
they
be staying out Holloway so suicide three
extra box the pieces like everybody was
just swarming around asleep I get out of
line it was crazy setup to the plug yeah
let me wind it up getting our we're
gonna wind it up I didn't feel like a
size 13 like there's a last minute side
and I had to go try to me in a soul
Concord gang we camped out for these to
the Colombia's shout out to my plug
we're plugging the wall Lock us in our
names so the Jordan 11 your favorite
Jordan or what since you're the most
Jordan 11th out of all the Jordan I
wouldn't know
oh yeah let's get that real quick and
gammas for the people wondering what
he's wearing right now yeah I mean
they're they're one of my favorites for
sure but I can't I can't really name my
favorite Jordan I like them all too much
now we're gonna move on to the Rosary
collection you know as you can see I
love the row she's most comfortable Nike
shoe I've worn I got the all Reds right
here we got the iguanas right here these
are one of my favorite pairs right here
we'll do a little trouble trying to find
these ones the safaris in the back I
love when is I get a lot of compliments
whenever I wedgies out to the club not
can't can't get the club tissues you my
boy tights actually help me ID these
after the actual snakeskin mix with the
mesh you know easy inspired so we have
the cement
I actually ID'd these two but of course
I'll work out in them so I'll call these
my 4th of July's right here I actually
created these myself pretty proud of
them at these for about a year and a
half now
they got murders on the bed it's my
nickname from got my white girls back
here bloody shout out to the kids at the
pop-up shop as you can see got the brown
mark on them already I will talk about
that now thoughts just gonna be a pop up
shot and it was gonna be playing
basketball there you folks I actually
got these from my secret admirers
as you can see
and goes with dirty go util dr. what's
your favorite Roshan and what's your
favorite Jordan my favorite rotaries are
all of them are definitely these right
here the easy inspired one's my favorite
Jordan's probably hiding my shadows he's
my favorite ones right now a keyword and
I got him and I got a footage cheapest
then again shout out to the flood let me
call me you go get a lot of text after
the job
so now y'all checked out my little
collection small but effective I like to
thank all you guys for watching follow
me on instagram mr. underscore Murray
all lowercase and come
