bad news some guy came and shouldered me
in my ankle rolled got a rest up and ice
this ankle man pray for caisson okay so
my mood went from zero to 100 real quick
I got exactly what I needed
I'll show you guys in the car and a lot
let's get in here about to go meet
Ashley to go girl real quick and look at
this okay so I'm not gonna tell you what
I'm making until it's done but you just
got a whole buncha stired what is this
thing called styrofoam I think no
chuckles thing and then to top it all
off BAM look a premium metallic 18 karat
gold say some of you guys should already
know yes
guess what guess what I'm making comment
down below guess what I'm making back on
it maybe Jim grant took two days off but
we here now because we had a busy
weekend and yeah back up on it I didn't
stop the diet the diet continued I had
one cheat day in which I did have pizza
but yet continued its own people that
said I was only gonna last the week
guess what it's week two and we still
here baby anyway let's go get that Jim
we won't go
we're gonna play some basketball today
we will swim a little bit get some
swimming because this one works the
whole body out and then finish it off
the little sauna sweat session get rid
of that water wait you know what I'm
saying
and still have a drink soda been two
weeks so I think it's the same okay you
guys really see any difference in my
face Kerala see my body but my face
would you guys think okay right now
she's on the swim team but I'm going to
show you that sometimes it's not about
being on the team you know cuz I'm the
world heavyweight champion so we're
gonna do this race let's go
when you want that's that
because team
I'm just saying I'll beat you guys all
in swimming well Minji yo
okay guys welcome to another day I
decided to combined two days in this
vlog because I'm trying to catch up to
being posting the vlogs the day after
the events happened so that's that first
things first I'm gonna say it is
Thursday for you guys which means that
it is QoP TBT so at the end of this vlog
there will be a TBT video a throwback
video that I've that's not on the main
channel that's not on this channel
because I like I told you last week got
a whole bunch of videos that I've
haven't posted or they were posted and I
took them down so you'll definitely get
a TBT I'm just trying to switch it up
and make the vlogs cooler so every
Thursday if you guys don't know is TV q
opt bTW I gotta get used to saying it
QoP TBT which I will post an old-school
video at the end of the vlog so anyway I
finally finished my product what and
finish it I finished gluing my project
for the new video of this Sunday and you
guys ready to see this I don't know if I
should show you because I want to save
it for the video but you guys are my
vlog family you guys support more than
anybody so you guys get the early
preview BAM what do you guys think it is
it's pretty obvious what it is supposed
to be it's not perfect but I think it's
pretty obvious to what it is but anyway
it needs to be spray-painted gold so
that's the next step that I will do
either later today or tomorrow so and I
heard these are retro next year which
I'm really excited about I also got to
do some painting right now got this
metallic metallic gold got the trophy in
this little box I just gave it away
okay so here's the first coat right here
you see all gold everything came up he
doped the ball itself just is kind of
hard to get the gold on but you could
kind of see it's uh the over layer is
gold and then the under layer of the
phone the styrofoam was just still white
but still came out dope still gonna do
another later later today so yep I'm
back home went to the post office and
put this right here I'll finally find a
good spot to sit and talk back home went
to the post office and we got a package
in the mail from Australia which is
really cool got these boxes because this
Sunday we got releasing this dream crew
snapback so dream crew calm snap backs
are gonna be available I'll keep it 1000
with you guys there's only ten left so
if you want to snap back you got it beat
quick but anyway let's open up this
package from Australia who's this from
if anybody ever wants to like send me a
letter or anything you know I don't ask
for anything I don't I don't like asking
for gifts or anything like that but if
you ever want to just like write me or
like you know tell me how you enjoy the
videos or anything like that man feel
free to send it to my PDA box I read all
about I keep all of them I don't trash
them because I care and I value get you
guys I love you guys so if you want to
send me anything funny death threats
whatever y'all love sending me stuff to
make me fat huh okay here we go hey guys
just wanted to say we love your videos
don't ever stop making them you deserve
it all thank you so much anyways just
sending you some aussie goodies sending
our love and support from australia i
hope to see you here soon from okay here
we go
I suck at reading names so I apologize
ahead of time
um sireesha hariya Newman Saban and
raion so thank you to you five I
appreciate you guys thank you so much
this really means a lot and you keep
this letter and now I'm gonna look at
all the goodies you got me okay here we
go the best biscuits okay make sure you
share with the crew okay I will for sure
dick okay this is mine do a Vegemite
challenge what's that
Vegemite b-vitamins for what is this
if it says do a challenge that makes me
not want to do it hell no for Harris
okay this is for Harris
yeah he's gonna love this Harris bread
you get to rep your country Pakistan
2015 World Cup of cricket cricket World
Cup 2015
ah dude this is though I'm about to rock
this right now sorry Harris I'm about to
rock this right now but I'm gonna give
it to you when I see you this is sick
anyway thank you guys it means really
the world to me thank you guys uh say
try to read your names again cherish
hariya Newman Saban and Ryan thank you
guys so much from Australia I really
hope that one day I will have the
opportunity to come out there and meet
you guys and I will take you out for a
nice meal because you guys support the
crew so I got to support you guys so
thank you so much this means the world
to you I love you guys what's up G even
you cop in Chicago v my brother hey G
someone sent you something
what is it first of all this is the
center from Australia they sent this
this is disgusting and then you're gonna
love this bra they sent this just for
you this is the last thing ready
No Pakistan 2015 gee I've been looking
for that this is a Cricket World Cup
Oh God you guys don't understand how
salty and pissed I am right now so it's
Game five of the Warriors and rockets at
the Oracle Arena thirty minutes from my
house and guess who decides to come to
the game none other than Kanye West so
the man who I utter lies the man who I
look up to the man who inspires most of
the things I do is 30 minutes from my
house where I've never met and I've been
dying to meet since the first time I
heard his music is 30 minutes from my
house at the Warriors game and I'm not
there I have not gone to a warriors
playoff game because I'm saving my
monies for my money for the finals but
it sucks but I know he's gonna be at the
final so hopefully I'm gonna try to meet
him in the finals cuz I know he'll be
there and now I'm going to eat actually
for Ashley's sister's birthday
at my family restaurant so we weren't
going to go there okay
happy birthday
so just got done watching the Warriors
win we go into the finals boy and guess
what I predicted that they would go to
the finals and I protected predicted
that the Cavs would go to the finals and
all you people talk smack there you go
point proven now for everyone else going
talk shit because they say I'm a
bandwagon fan I am born and raised in
the Bay Area of course I'm going to
support the home team you idiots
obviously I'm a huge Kobe fan but when
Kobe leaves screw the Lakers because I'm
a Kobe fan okay that's how it is so
that's how I break it down for you suck
us we think that they over here cool
because they have one team that they
choose for like do whatever you want man
live your life anyway the game's over
sorry I was videotaping my chin for most
of this thing but guess where I'm at BAM
Jim Tom boy don't stop don't give up
keep going keep running you've got it
keep shining
on here shouts of rockets James Harden
in this vid
I don't know but I can throw my little
high man so we just got done playing but
bad news as I was going to get a loose
ball some guy came and tackled like
shouldered me and my ankle rolled so I
have a sprained ankle now I don't know
if you could see how fat it is but you
could kind of see like I haven't took my
sock off so I'll show you guys later
don't wear treadmill no more basketball
for at least a week and a half or two I
don't know I finished the game though I
got up and I wanted to beat the guys
that frickin they were playing hell is
dirty so I just wanted to get up and win
we came back in one good victory we're
going to the finals now but I'm gonna
have to miss Game one in two men so I
got a rest up and ice this ankle man
pray for caisson all right so we got
some homies over here what's up y'all
appreciate you guys for watching the
videos man yeah the support I meant
Thank You yo wassup y'all man it's your
boy Jung Jung Choi welcome to the
official recording of the new track with
that job chart man I'm in a building
with young swagger but I've got my
producer Scott Storch in the building
starts got storage you know we just here
we got a special guest coming doing a
little bit I got playing pit put him on
the track I mean I'm saying with my job
Choi this won't be a hit this gonna be a
club banger is taking us to the top we
at the top and we ain't jumping off man
yeah here we go
every boy you speed imma throw honey
that shit man yeah surrounded by
I do it for my team you know job joy
seen from my Afghans okay my house a
little mine
I told you smell is gone shocked
it's no joke baby we're doing it job try
and Maybach Music on this mm rich
forever yeah alright this is my boy you
know saying I don't really know you know
Scott you know what son would've Scott
man how you been do you counter on me on
that last song is cool though you know
we doing it in purple flowers burning my
chest oh hey Ross breath check it out I
need you to get on this track with me
okay yeah got you I got you a honey
powder to get on this track and make it
ha once you coming in to end people
gonna be you know rapid like we do it
yeah gonna make it today
oh gotta put it in we're gonna do a
young jump I gotta pay you you know I
got him go you know I come up well you
can't just go me yeah I'm sayin
young q45 would be you know you can't
you know that's my tool you got it you
know hey that ain't none though you know
I'm sayin we blow down young sale on the
way to McDonald 5000 piece chicken
the job choice video coming tomorrow 30
days starting videos check it out man
young jump try hey you gonna see this
man to the top we have it the mother
dudes we forget them
remember bag music and kill P we have
ever uh-huh
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
