if it feels right to you if in your
heart is what you want to pursue pursue
it welcome to KU TV welcome to another
vlog way way way up so today is Harris's
birthday he doesn't know what we're
going to Modesto to surprise him we
haven't told them that we were gonna see
him today we haven't even tried to like
mention like hey what are you doing for
your birthday or anything because we're
gonna surprise him and we're gonna have
a good day man it's gonna be a great
vlog any time the whole crews together
you guys enjoy it
we enjoy it so let's go have a great day
and hope everyone's having a great
weekend man honestly and I'm sorry I
look hella weird in specific there we go
alright so yesterday I told you guys
that I printed something out this is
what I printed out Harris's giant face
this is beautiful so we came to the mall
to get hair as a gift I got him this
Cavs snapback something he could use all
the time you know where to work where to
rep and since I got him one I got myself
one buy one get one half off got a nice
little warriors one bandwagons be like
anyway we just got the text that we got
to leave early because Harris is getting
off work early so we gonna rush home I
got a still shower and
yeah hopefully we make it before he gets
to the party come on now you know I got
undies DS for Harris's birthday tried
them on but I haven't worn them out you
know what I'm saying but check out this
shirt you guys ready for this I showed
you guys that when I bought this but BAM
Boy Meets World Ashley me Harris you you
name who this is you guys named Lou
Thesz so Harris got it got here
literally like two minutes before us
crap out but it's how I was living
surprising thank you give us a 200g my
first Monday gives it 200 sometimes in
life you just gotta say it open up a
business I'm gonna rent out the gym to
brazzers but they wanna have a nice
black couch in there was a G so G nice
mustache bro like shots all the 10 year
olds watching this video I respecting
you I love you
ty he's done here all right Real Talk
shit before my shirts sexy no matter
what your dreams are no matter what
anyone says no matter if your family
doesn't support you and no matter if
your best friend don't support you if it
feels right to you
if in your heart is what you want to
pursue pursue it I took the biggest risk
of my life I football everything I have
all the money I have into a big risk and
adventure and I am a business being is
flourishing so follow your dream and
like I say killer came out give us a 100
our school graduated from the streets
no the blow me tuba we do run our
business not all of us are superstar
athletes Chris okay I could even make a
high school team bro dude meatiness are
super size
happy birthday happy birthday
snapchat 110 seconds go
we decided to come bowling again for
Harrison's birthday after the cake and
everything and guess what ladies and
gentlemen I promise you it that I will
win today because I will be the world
heavyweight champion
now you just go
oh not a start strong
second down go what do you think of our
chances of winning right now
yeah
and I'm so tired we played three games
of bowling and they're still going I'm
done I'm go my shoes on already what's
up bro egg
how you doing blood you got a turkey but
it's not Thanksgiving oh boy look here
man how you doing
that's your friend Jim I call game
there's detective Adams here from CNN
news John Quincy from South Carolina New
York ass he tweeted us in he asks one
word to describe performance today on
your birthday oh you know on Jim I'm
gonna have to go with spare doc
spearmint strike a lot of X's and xxx
you know pain like how do you know about
your teammates I'm fooling around the
camera by oh you know it's always fine
with the treats oh there's there's oh
where Willie you know it happens oh what
a night it's lame with myself
congratulations on your game happy
birthday Andrew we're looking to see you
in that first yeah I would like to give
a shout out to all the fans
TV world for all the love and I'll
probably sometime like this
thank you guys so much for all the love
in the last vlog I read all the comments
I just been a little serious right now
thank you so much for all of the
comments all the hack birthday wishes
Twitter Instagram myspace Sangha
snapchat snapchat I know what you and I
said oh no Muslim singles back home
single Muslim single Muslims I can't
thank you for all those all the roses
that you send me Ronnie can't you can't
just leave mid hair is better than hers
better than mine
yeah looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one that knows
I ain't laughs in a while come talk to
