what up to my sneakerheads all around
the world welcome to another edition of
crude cakes hope everyone's having a
great Friday a great start to the
weekend and today we've got a great
episode for you guys if you didn't know
my name is Kai this is crew kicks and
we're gonna have a great episode you
guys ready for this as you can see I've
got a few different sneakers in front of
me and what all these sneakers have in
common are that they are Nike I D so for
some of you guys you don't know what
Nike ideas because you're living under a
rock Nike ID is a service that Nike
provides that lets people like me and
you design our own sneaker with the
options they provide letting us
customize the sneakers they have so I'm
gonna go ahead and show you guys all the
Nike IDs that I currently have okay so
the first pair that I'm gonna show you
guys are these right here I got these in
junior high I honestly don't even know
what the name of these are I believe
this is just a regular team basketball
shoe but I could be wrong so this is the
shoe that actually I found out that you
could customize your own shoe on Nike
comm I saw some girl in my junior high
she had a black and yellow version which
was our junior high color colors it was
a thorn in Thunderbolts and um I stole
them and I was like what the hell she
has her name on it so I asked her I'm
like hey how did you get your name on it
and she says oh go to 90 comm so I went
to 90 comm I saw that they let you
customize these basketball shoes and at
the time this is before I started
playing basketball so I was just getting
this for fashion because I was all about
like matching colors and things like
that as you could see it was actually
stitched in unlike some of the newer
Nike IDs where they don't let you stitch
it in but stitched in on their there I
also put hch on the back which was my
wrestling name at the time I was a big
wrestling fan at in
the junior-high time of my life and I
mean my love me my cousins and a couple
of my friends with wrestle so I put that
on the shoe I definitely didn't play
basketball on these I was actually ain't
a half at the time when I got these so
there you go if you guys know the name
of these comment down below this is the
first ever Nike ID of mine
the second Nike ID that I ever made was
a pair of Kobe fours and as you can tell
I did hoop in these and I beat them up
kobe fours by far my second favorite
Kobe of all time
Kobe eights are my number one favorite
Kobe's of all time but these are amazing
basketball shoes comfortable I still
shoot around in these I don't hoop in
them just because it's just kind of worn
out down here and it just hurts my foot
after a while and it's just like all
ripped up and things like that and these
again was back when back when Nike ID
actually made good quality sneakers this
was quality right here like you can see
again stitched it says amazing which is
kind of like my little nickname I gave
myself because my last name is Omar
Swift but amazing that was around the
time that Kanye came out with it awaits
and heartbreaks and the song amazing was
really popping so I kind of went with
that type of theme as far as the
colorway there is no specific theme that
I went for you could kind of see the
purple fly wire in there with the purple
laces my favorite color is orange and I
just thought it would look really cool
with the grace shoe and a black bottom
so I pooped in these a lot in different
leagues into Afghan basketball
tournaments I beat these up I got my
career high in DS so yeah they're super
beat you can see like that and also on
the back I got the Q o so it's pretty
dope I really like how they let you do
all the stitching on the older models
and yeah that's the co before this will
never leave my collection I love these
even though they're creased up and beat
up but um Kobe for example I think this
to my knowledge this was the first Kobe
on Nike ID I could be wrong um
but yeah I believe this actually was the
first Kobe on Nike ID so this might have
been the first signature sneaker on like
Eid actually so there's the Kobe force
moving on um there was a time where I
really didn't like Eid anything and then
I started to get out of sneakers and
then I started to get back into sneakers
and then I never really ID'd anything
like I said but then I got back into it
and I started back up with these right
here this is the next shoe on my Nike ID
list
it's a Nike rush run now this colorway
obviously is inspired by what else they
easy to Soler's and the cool thing about
this shoe is this is the first like the
first day Nike ID released the gross
runs everyone was going crazy for the
the easy color because they had this
mint bottom that they don't have anymore
they took it off and people are really
mad about that look I really wear these
a lot of detail but that's that mint
bottom and then you got that pinkish red
inside and then I did Air Yeezy on the
back which I wish I didn't do I wish I
could I wish I put easy season but I did
every easy on those and basically I mean
there's not too much to show you basic
easy colorway um I did beat these I've
warned you so much that the swoosh
actually have ripped off and again I
like how the row Thrones are stitched in
there and the reason I say that is
because I'll show you one of the nike
basketball shoes I have that isn't
stitched about it rush run really happy
I picked these up before they took the
options away of the main bottom dirty
bottoms but ya can't go wrong with these
I've been wearing these for like three
years now two three years now and you
can wear this with any outfit so ok next
up we'll go with these right here as you
guys know Kobe ate I did a lot of Kobe
ate IDs I think I did like four pairs
and I only have this one left this is a
hoop that my hoop shoe I hope in this
one it's cool to wear your Nike IDs
casually but it's a basketball shoe so I
definitely want to hoop in it and I want
to
like I have my own player exclusive when
I'm on the court you know what I'm
saying so that's why I always try to
hoop in the Nike IDs I make there's a
few that I don't do but as far as all
the Kobe models I always try to hoop in
the Nike IDs and I did have I didn't
have any Kobe ID seven because I wasn't
a big fan of the sevens the six is I
regret not getting any of them because I
really like the sixes too but that's
been around the time when I wasn't
really into sneakers again so I came
back once the eight came out I fell in
love with this shoe for casual wear and
mostly for basketball
even though Kobe towards Achilles and
these I know but when they added the
shedded sprint skin Christmas option you
know I had to get it and I did two
versions I did this version and then I
did one that was inspired by a red
bottom but when they added the black
spikes but as far as basketball go this
breaks a lot of necks on the basketball
court just why would you have spikes on
your basketball shoe and the theme I was
going for with this is a sample Yeezy
that never released and um I'm a huge
Kanye fan as you guys know so I had to
do it with these and this the skin just
was pretty dope and I couldn't I
couldn't say no purple a lot of people
think I went with the Buzz Lightyear
themed undies but no I didn't I regret
selling the two easy ones I had but
sometimes you just gotta let go you know
moving on after the eight we got these
Kobe 9 IDs Blue Man a lot of people are
all up on that red sneaker but to me a
blue sneaker is so dope so actually my
girlfriend got me these for my birthday
last year she gave them to me and
surprised me in Hawaii I gave her a list
of things I wanted for my birthday and
this was one of them I told her that I
just wanted to galaxy option on a Nike
ID the nine stitches in the back she
chose that the gold swoosh she chose
that fly wire the silver fly wire she
chose that black laces she chose that so
she did a really good job I really love
this shoe like really really this blue
glow is ridiculous like I could just
have my room light on and then when I
to sleep and turn it off this thing is
glowing as hard as my easy to glow it's
crazy and that gold soosh is just so
sexy like I love gold
Lucia's on sneakers and with that blue
galaxy it just pops off so so much I'm
not a crazy fan about the Kobe nine but
I love these shoes I don't hoop in this
one I like to wear this one casually I
just recently wore to Disneyland and I
didn't have her ID the back because it
was not stitched it was the regular
printed on or whatever it's called the
number of the name and I didn't want
that so I just got this stitch the nine
lines and yeah oh and this goes in the
dark too which is freaking sick this
part right here this all goes in the
dark which is ridiculous so this shoe
just has a crazy team theme to it um I
call it the Mamba galaxy and yeah so
thank you to my girlfriend for these and
let me know what you guys think of these
I really like these you can't ID him
anymore if anybody's wondering all the
shoes I showed you guys so far you can't
ID anymore but you can ID the Roche runs
but they just don't have the main bottom
options so now I'm going to show you the
shoes that you actually still can ID and
you might not have the same options and
a few of them but you can still idea
let's start out with my favorite LeBron
that's come out since the LeBron 9 which
is the LeBron well this year right here
represents LeBron coming back home to
Cleveland to help bring a championship
to the Cavs I say Cavs are going to the
finals
obviously I'm reppin curry because I'm a
Golden State boy and I hope the Warriors
go as a Bay Area supporter I want the
Warriors to win as a basketball fan I
feel like the Cavs are gonna win but
that's just my opinion and let's get
back into the shoe so when the LeBron 12
was added to Nike ID a lot of people
didn't hop on it but I did and I'm happy
I did because the overlay option they
have is no longer available which is
maroon I thought a maroon sneaker would
be so dope specially this colorway since
he's back in Cleveland I
to kind of represent the I wanted this
shoe to represent his homecoming so
that's what I went with I didn't base it
off another sneaker colorway or anything
like that I went with the all maroon
body gold swoosh and gold laces to try
to represent him trying to bring a
championship home as well as the gold
speckles on top of that maroon it just
pops at you look at that tell me that's
not sexy right there tell me that is not
sexy look at that gold swoosh coming at
you makes you want to just write like
the line that he is and then I just
really like the LeBron 12 such a
comfortable shoe I don't I don't open it
um I did the clear bottom by the way and
the navy shank to go with the Navy inner
I don't move in these shoes but bronze
are just not hoop shoes for me
definitely I wear these regularly with
some shorts on a casual day my favorite
thing about this shoe is that they
brought back one thing stitching so as
you can see the inner it stitch it says
oh seven dream crew see that no no this
one says crew life I put dream clue
another one on the other one this one
says crew life um you guys know what
that represents already but once they
added that stitching in there oh it was
it was a gimme I had I gotta take it you
know what I'm saying so I'm gonna name
these the the return this is called the
return shoe
next up BAM another LeBron twelve but
this time it is the all-star edition as
you can see the differences in the back
this one has the pull tab this one has
the ID all-star I don't know what the
hell it looks like a vent what else is
different on this shoe the tongue is
different you can see the different
tongue design I was going to go with the
air mag theme with this but it just
didn't look right with the auctions they
offered so I saw this yellow um yellow
posit the forgot exactly what it was but
I was like yo that kind of looks gold so
what I went with is the Grammy night
model that the Braun wore to PE that
never gonna release and I'm like y'all
I'm gonna do that on my LeBron 12 so I
did it on my LeBron 12 it came out super
close like that basically looks like a
gold like am I wrong or what in person
it looked like gold maybe on camera they
look different but to me they look gold
and I did the faded white and black on
his back part faded white and black on
the bottom faded white and black on the
shank and just a black on black overlay
and the craziest thing about this is I
didn't even know but this inner swoosh
is 3m dream crew QoP 2015 and on the
other shoe I put a hundred thousand so
this shoe not only is inspired by the
bronze Grammy night theme but this shoe
right here is inspired by my reaching a
hundred thousand subscribers on my main
channel now I kind of messed up I should
have done a silver theme to go with the
silver play button let me bring that out
for you guys
100,000 award so you can see 100,000
subscribers so I went with issue so I
kind of messed up I should have done a
silver posit to give it that uh that uh
kind of more of a matching to the
100,000 plaque but when I do reach a
million subscribers on the main channel
I get the gold one so maybe I'll switch
this over to the gold one and I'll make
another sneaker to wrap this one right
here so that's the theme I was going
like this and yeah that's it oh yeah and
then let me show you what this right
here so you can see this in case y'all
forgot I showed you guys on the other
one the other one had 12 dots well this
one has stars and it has one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven because that represents his
eleven all-star appearances he didn't
make it to the all-star game his rookie
year but there you go you could kind of
see this
and I love that black on black with them
at all that just shows unfortunately I
believe they took the all-star option
off so you can no longer make these but
if you were able to make something and
similar to this or even a LeBron
all-star option then good for you next
up probably the ID that breaks the most
necks the one that everyone is asking
about the one that people ask me if this
is a custom or if it's a PE or if this
is coming out no this is a Nike ID it is
the Kyrie is now Kyrie is the newest
nike signature athlete and they added
his first signature shoe to Nike ID I
wanted to do something different
I actually saw these on eBay because I
was on eBay and it's weird because you I
didn't know this but people post their
IDs on eBay and you'll find some brand
new things on there for like retail and
the good thing about it is you don't
have to wait a month to get it you know
you get it right now because it's
already made but I saw somebody trying
to sell their extra pair on eBay and
they wanted like 200 and I was like you
know what I'm just gonna do it and I'm
gonna split it with my homie so I get
Diddy so so I get it he has other pairs
so this is two different shoes we bought
this shoe Nike ID so I took one pair I
have one pair and then we bought this
shoe so I took one pair I took one pair
and we put them together and that makes
the Kyrie what the Kyrie inspired by the
what the Kobe ate so as you can see very
similar like look at that very similar
and we'll go ahead and get into it man
I'll show you guys individually each one
on these little spikes right here to the
purple with the blue now you can still
make these on Nike ID so if anybody
wants to make these go for it a lot of
people tweet me in pictures or tag me on
instagram saying oh this guy copied you
look it's Nike ID people are gonna do
the same things I don't care I'm not one
of those people who cares who does it
first if anything I want everyone to be
able to get the same shoes I do so go
for it make these show me that you made
them and you know just have fun with it
man it's not it's not a competition you
know I'm saying so um blow bottom these
don't glow but I had to do the glow
bottom on these and come on now it's
just it came out to perfect inner
the swoosh the the two-finger underlay
like so dope and I did the maroon tongue
it kind of goes with the purplish tongue
they had and then you kind of see that
gold lace lock I got that from sneaker
con that's not from it's not it didn't
come with the shoe I do that on there
but let me show you guys in close-up so
you guys could see I think I did a
really good job as far as the ID I did
not change the ID design because again
it's not stitched and I left the Kyrie
logo signature logo on the inside and I
made that glow-in-the-dark so that's
that shoe now let me show you the other
shoe that's the cool thing about this
shoe is that I have two different shoes
to show you this shoe right here came
out really good again check that out
okay um let's just compare you know you
got the vault swoosh green bottom that
that that that forest green match as
well with the forest going on here and
you can't really see it too much but
there is orange speckles on here the way
there's orange speckles on there it's
not as bright but then you did the
orange speckles on that part and then
you just got that poison green inner for
screen time like an infra red red on the
on the base of the shoe with the orange
two fingers are here glow bottom on the
green these don't glow but I still went
with it just so that missed you and
issue both glow at the same time to make
it crazy and lose my voice right now
this is probably one of my favorite nike
IDs I've ever done and this is true that
definitely is not leaving my collection
and let me know what you guys think of
those lace locks do you think they'd go
good with the shoe I think they just
make them pop a little more than they
already do so um and again yeah like I
said man up go ahead and make these you
have the option to make these the
kairi's are one of the cheapest shoes on
Nike ID that you can make out of the
signature models so definitely you know
take advantage of that yeah so those are
pretty much all my Nike IPs and my
100,000 plaque I want to see what you
guys have in your Nike ID collection so
go ahead and if you guys want to tweet
me your pictures it's at Kai so more or
you can Instagram the picture and tag me
at Kai so more and I'll go ahead and
check it out that's it for today guys
hope you did enjoy crew kicks I know I
didn't have like a full sneak peek for
you guys but not every episode is gonna
be like that because I want to switch it
up and make it different than what you
expect so anyway hope you enjoyed let me
know what was your favorite ID out of
all the ones I have
thank you guys for watching and remember
the most important thing about the
speaker community we must wear our
sneakers
