hard work dedication hard work is why
we're here in the gym right now because
of this hardware clicking us with John
hey guys welcome to cool TV welcome to
another day of my life welcome to
another vlog I am your host Kai so more
aka the Afghan Justin Bieber and today
we started the day off by switching
lanes first of all and then we go on a
Costco you know what I'm saying so I
just printed out well I didn't print it
but I just thought 20 what was it 20 by
20 by 30 or 20 by 10 you can't remember
but we bought a poster and I can't show
you what's on it until tomorrow but it's
uh I can't even pick it up so tomorrow
actually because it's so big right it's
gonna be pretty funny ready
we're trying to decide get Milt meal
preps you know take a level up to the
diet I don't know if you guys know this
but I'm in the lead as far as our
contest so yeah yeah
you can go into the gym putting in work
you know been eating healthier every
time I see a McDonald's commercial or a
Pizza Hut commercial I start dying a
little bit inside but it's okay you
gotta sacrifice to get what you want
because I will be the world heavyweight
champion
so you guys are watching this on Friday
so I need everybody to do me a huge
favor right now it's Harris's birthday
Harris k15 tweet him IG him wishing my
happy birthday let him know how much we
appreciate him the crew appreciate him
since day one he's been helping me with
keopi never asked for anything in return
so I need you guys to show him mad love
today man it's his birthday so Thank You
Harris you watching this I know you
watching this right after you watch all
those other youtubers you watch yeah man
oh man it gets so hot when I film with
this thing on but I just got done
filming crew kicks I decided to do
something different than just showing a
sneak peek I showed you guys my Nike ID
collection and yeah I thought it came
out pretty cool so I'm all done now
about the cleanup and we got the award
out I'm sorry I showed this off so much
but you know I just really loved this
thing people don't appreciate it as much
as I do man we worked for this shit no
no anyway all these Nike IDs sitting
around I pretty much explained the theme
for all of them where they came from and
all that good good so yeah Persia rug on
a glass in a crack house so we just shot
a scene for Sunday's video this Sunday
new video it's it's it's different than
what you've seen it's a prank and it's a
skit together so you guys will see
taking this to new levels and we've got
to go to my cousin's house to my little
cousins ours birthday so yeah it's gonna
do this
Ava gods are some flowers here Ava you
how to use it how does it feel to be a
superstar no comment okay they get stuck
up I have today first scenes I know how
this well that said hi Zara
happy birthday Zara thanks for coming
Patti birthdays are
thank you hold up wait a minute y'all
thought I was finished came out to the
gym after the game and we went in we
bout to go take a little swim after that
we gonna hope a little another day in
the gym baby how many days in the Rose
that is four it's only the first week
would be one stop nigga don't get all
right so let's go that's on you bruh
golden boys Productions presents to you
so I was determined to win this next
match his father Ali was there by his
side
nobody never knew he was that good would
so high be so high was Afghanistan's
first fighter he gets the punch upside
down camels in Afghanistan so I can ask
about your powers we had a prize it was
a gentleman about you
my cameraman estimate we got a private
interview with so high his dad but he
did not speak English
yeah a man we just got done whooping I
went swimming
they box it I'm not boxing you know what
I'm saying though but tired another
night in the gym you gotta get that gym
that gym grind Damji come on hey black
hit the whip no do the whip you y'all
got anything to say before we end it
still sweaty I am his hard work baby hey
hey y'all need to go hard in the street
hey how're you guys into the kitchen I
said I work hard work dedication hard
work integration is why we're here in
the gym right now because it is hard
work look at us we held sweatin by where
you were juggling breath I talked about
how the water on my face
our inspiration guy right walk into a
bar right yes for I'm on a date virtual
date hey everybody else it's snowing in
Canada and guess what I'm wearing sure
I was wondering if Batman was working
today I heard he was working Batman oh
maybe I should use his real name that
everybody should know by now name is
Bruce Wayne and the orbit pair arms and
two bounds will make her dance but you
want to go here blowing this is 1aqaq
toorop
he knows I'm talking this language
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while come talk to a wizard
