what everybody is Joe from complex we're
here at the Mac Park in Burbank
California and we're gonna go sneaker
shopping with easy Busta today see what
he's feeling seeing goodies not and
hopefully buy some sneakers so let's do
it
easy Busta you're notorious for exposing
people on the internet for having fake
adidas and over here we have the adidas
wall what kind of got you into wanting
to do this what what I can't you learn
that oh okay okay yeah can I give you
the eighties pretty loud you know I'm
saying so anyway you got into it with
Soulja Boy he actually said a few good
things about you uh whoever that's well
easy Buster's you know have tell me how
that was you know exposing him and just
letting everybody know that he's wearing
fake Easy's you know the you
that's awesome so now we've seen the
adidas wall let's go see some of the
more premium stuff the stuff that you
bust the easy so let's go ahead and get
this way basta so you know you're known
for busting Yeezys but what do you think
of other hype sneakers for instance the
off-white air maxes that just came out
with Virgil Oh what what do you prefer
do you only wear Yeezys or do you wear
anything great great so we saw some of
the stuff you like and now it's time to
go sneaker shopping and hopefully pick
some things up so let's go ahead
okay you decide what speak all right
just sex me hmm okay yeah cool so you
tell comes out to forty three thousand
five hundred eighty five thousand eighty
three cents for everything well I have
honey nah I mean it's it's resale from
uh do mana mmm
we're not paying for it yeah I don't
think Campos is paying for anything yeah
dude everybody's watching accomplice you
your buy something mmm-hmm mmm-hmm it's
ten bucks yeah oh you yeah all right you
got that
and I'll keep the change so easy busting
you came through you're cops too air
freshener is the air freshener make sure
you guys check them out on Instagram
it's got a great account and appreciate
you coming
