he's real while you cuz there's only one
way to really tell they're good don't
hate on my toaster it's a few years old
but it gets the job done making some
bagels right now with some cream cheese
don't want some jelly on that thing now
I know this isn't perfect for a diamond
anything I used to I used to just be up
on these days that like three of these
every morning and then um yeah breakfast
is the most important meal of the day
for me you know I'm not gonna go off
someone else's die I'm gonna go off what
I'm comfortable with you know what I'm
saying cuz I am the future role
heavyweight champion of the world okay
and I'm just gonna go off what I cuz if
I don't have a good breakfast I have a
headache for the rest of the day that's
just how I am and don't mind that we
don't have a microwave okay we we are in
the process of remodeling our house so
yeah and yeah you guys really didn't
think you would catch me walking into
the gym two days in a row but we're
doing it baby we're out here
when it's serious man when something's
on the line when I realized you know
life and trials and tribulations realize
oh damn it I forgot a towel anyway here
we go guys day two of going to the gym
get into shape ball night yeah back into
the completely empty
or was a completely empty workout room
or whatever it's called but I love being
in here by myself and the light slow
just keeps it nice in a cool vibe you
know I'm saying but let me tell you guys
something about people who are lacking
motivation right now say you go to the
gym and you just listen to your music
and it's not enough sometimes you just
got to be in the right state of mind you
know what I'm saying you got to have
that Mambo mentality okay the Mambo
mentality remember you got to have
something in your mind that motivates
you maybe it's an ex-girlfriend or
boyfriend who you want to prove wrong
and you want to look better than you did
when you were with them because they
dumped you or maybe somebody's calling
you out in your sport maybe somebody's
better than you in basketball and you
want
prove them wrong so you gotta have that
mentality what do I go for what is my
mentality it's myself I look at my old
pictures of when I used to be skinny and
I look at my recent pictures of me being
chubby and fat and it just motivates me
so I am my motivation I am my enemy in
this whole getting back in shape thing
another thing is the comments like all
these comments saying that always die
it's only gonna last two days sure I've
done it before why I say I'm gonna died
and then I don't continue to do it but
when I see those comments now it's 10
times more motivation and also to all
the people that say I'm not gonna
achieve my goal you guys so to all the
people everybody I just throw all my
music and you know what else I do even
though I'm not trying to be an NBA
player you know I'm not trying to get
better in basketball I watch the videos
of Kobe highlights because seeing his
work ethic and seeing how hard and
determined he's been his whole career
motivates me so I love watching his
highlights of him just you know over the
past years crossing people over dunking
on people and it just motivates me to
work harder push harder when I'm on the
treadmill jump rope and get all that
stuff in so that's just a little to
sense of motivation for you guys let's
go baby gym time here we go let's get it
baby
okay this is the worst part about
leaving the gym as I passed Olive Garden
every single time and it kills me
because I love all the garden it's like
my favorite restaurant ever okay so I
just left the gym you know I'm saying
got my wolf tea on right now because we
got that wolf mentality mama mentality
and wolf mentally weak mentality because
you got to have the mind of an animal
because they got a hunt their prey and
they've got to make a living
killing and making their food so you got
to have that mentality in you you know
I'm saying I don't know what the hell
I'm saying right now but
hundred thousand dollars it may sound
like it's elaborately is not Samina so
I'm watching the NBA lottery where they
decide who gets the drafts and stuff
like that and Lakers are in the top
three so we go home hopefully they get
the first pick let's see what happens
Minnesota Timberwolves dammit Lakers get
the second pick though damn boy
so Lakers get the second pick I hope
they pick up a solid point guard our
dope Center man honestly I don't know
any of the people in the draft honest I
don't pay attention to college
basketball but I'm a huge NBA fan and we
just need a good rookie to be the future
and that Kobe guide him take over the
Lakers even though I'm probably got a
requires a Laker fan after cooling these
because I I'm only a Laker fan because
mr. to for himself so yeah the Warriors
just one guy let you guys know how
serious I'm I am about this thing guess
what okay we've got to play some
basketball warriors got me feeling some
type of way so we've got to get on this
court do some work with the cream and
yeah man we just out here doing double
days baby get some nice cardio in got
the Kyrie is got the Kobe's in the bags
you know you never know yeah check this
out finally got these we've been talking
about this for like a month now trying
to get these shout out to the plug BAM
finally man shout out to the plug you
fill me there's only one way to really
tell
oh really sure if y'all need your shoes
authentic check hitter black you got it
for you I take 5 10 minutes I don't
charge a lot I take hugs and smiles yeah
I'm honestly having the worst night with
this damn PlayStation 4 right now
like it doesn't update when if it's not
updated it doesn't let you use it let me
show you guys maybe somebody can help
you madam go to system update I did it
through USB and I did it through
internet but it's not working I don't
know man it's downloading a file
actually and then it goes to update it
that's when it doesn't work it's
freaking frustrating I can't make it so
hard man paint like five hundred dollars
for this stupid tooth over here yeah use
it without internet watch right here BAM
seriously seriously every single time
I'm just trying to show you guys the
shoes that I have so there's like empty
boxes I got rid of like six shoes
yesterday I'm actually gonna as much as
I want to keep these I'm thinking about
selling these because I really don't
wear them but I think I'm gonna throw
these on my website probably sell those
for like two hundred and then I
definitely need to sell these I haven't
even worn these these are like brand new
I might throw these on the website too
these are actually pretty nice I just
don't like this the little speckles on
there but this she was actually pretty
dope but now I'm a 30s too on my website
pretty soon so shout out to the sneaker
this whole sneaker sections is that I
had right now that's it sorry about my
weird hair I'm letting my hair grow up
shout out to all the hate comments and I
love you guys and Westside just coo
I don't know what I'm doing alright bye
guys looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while I'm talk to
