sing good morning guys welcome to
another vlog anyway drinking water the
diet the challenge starts today guys
SmartWater keep it smart one of my
favorite people in the world tweeted me
asthma from the VA area she's been
supporting GOP since day one and she
tweeted me telling me to check my p.o
box so first thing i did this morning
before I went to the gym has checked my
p.o box and look here spider-man has
delivered a package for us oh I already
see something in here that I shouldn't
be eating because my challenge for us
today but oh I see two things I see a
lot of things that shouldn't be eating
no I can't eat this okay first off mint
chocolate it's dark okay gushers damn it
okay I'm gonna cheat I'm gonna have one
of these later today thank you so much
fruit roll-ups so he got fruits next
four days man oh I love these these are
for sure I'm meeting these for sure I
don't care about my diet I have to eat
these them and we'll pop one of these in
right now are always laughed at my gym
session Oh some Tupac socks these are
dope I like these a lot read the letter
before I open these two right here hi so
I have been supporting you since day one
yes you have and I will continue to do
so I love watching your videos they
never fail and make me laugh congrats on
100,000 subscribers here in such a great
news about your success makes my day
hashtag qop never stops hashtag dream
crew you're the best honestly you are
the best thank you so much and I'm gonna
keep this card forever and I have every
single thing you've ever made me in my
room right now from the poster from the
first time I met you I have that when I
met you at the mall I figure out what
model was tysons mall i think and i
still have that poster you made me a pen
with my name on it check that out y'all
grown man status guys Oh more maybe we
have to customers Harris cuttack okay
eros gets his own pen too so shout out
this is for Harris
okay Harris doesn't want to focus so
again asthma thank you so much asthma
asthma i know i always say in him wrong
but i'll see you soon i'll be coming to
VA soon just know that and i want to do
something special for you so we're gonna
have a good time because you always
support the crew and you always send me
these cool things and you gave me a
whole bunch of food and snacks to to
break my diet which i'm definitely going
to be cheating on my diet with and now
i'm gonna send the picture to hit 2 to
Harris so he could see his new pen what
up guys so as you can see i'm at the gym
quiet as can be but i'm actually got my
headphones on watching some wrestling
don't ask it just motivates me to go to
the gym and try to be tough like these
guys you know i'm saying i'm not trying
to be a wrestler or anything just yet
but i will be the world heavyweight
champion soon what up come on man I'm
the last person to be showing you guys a
how to do workouts and stuff like that
I'm not a workout youtuber or anything
like that but alright here we go guys
the official weigh-in i'm going to show
you guys my weight I don't care about I
don't have any
charities right now this thing right now
okay if I remember how to work one of
these I am 200 pounds even this is the
first time I've been 200 pounds since
junior high when I was a fat little kid
so the goal is to lose 20 pounds in one
month so we're gonna go down to 180 in
one month let's get it man I'm ready
I was here for like two hours today by
the way I did basketball um I did some
cardio drills sauna no lifting yet i'm
gonna start lifting next week and yeah
so much cardio and dieting you know I'm
saying man I can't get the honey with
the small space homey my space with you
backs on my off day homie you a fake
dancer like the I'll stay home you
didn't have all safe with y'all yo Rico
suave finish I need nigga so my next
errand to do on the next thing that I've
been to do right now but I go to the
police station yeah cuz I gotta get my
ticket signed off for my no license
plates and my no proof of insurance so I
need to go to the police station and
probably get arrested I'm just kidding
it's due tomorrow I waited like super
last minute which is horrible but who
watched the billboard I'm it was it the
billboard I don't know there's a music
award show last night Kanye performed
and it was by far the worst visuals I've
ever seen in one of his performance I
couldn't see anything like that it was
so many sparklers or whatever like the
pyro tech knows or so much that you
couldn't see what was going on and on
top of that they censored half of the
lyrics for the song it was horrible so I
was just like what the hell is this like
I don't even know if Kanye realized that
the flames are whatever we're going in
front of the screen and it was just like
smoke and pyro and like you can only see
like his legs every two seconds it was
ridiculous man but I was really
disappointed in that but
right now he's like a real stuffs right
now but up guys so it's Monday night
which means my family is getting
together and we gonna turn up right now
so let's go turn up with a little kids
are what he doing sing can I or kill you
ya ready then right there no no no get
down I'm going to RKO you hey was
already King up RKO you do it to me okay
no you have to grab it like this which
are and around
where's me look at me look up she's
already upside down cows don't blocked
off it's under construction how's it
going you can it's a friend they don't
see my vision pictures over change but I
failed my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cause
I smile the only one that knows ain't
lives in a while I'm talk to a whiz
