oh man this is the funniest video I've
seen in my life laughing so hard you've
outdone yourself sofa I gotta do sum of
all of a sudden Lakers fan I'm only I
wait let me client liquors ain't even in
the playoffs so we just had breakfast
there good nice breakfast it was really
good from country way before it's a
little local business out here anyway
game sevens happening right now nautical
watch a second half rockets and Clippers
hopefully rockets with but I kind of
want flippers to win just because I want
to go to a game in LA if ends of
warriors vs clippers or bends of caps vs
clippers in the finals and if ends of
cavs and warriors in the finals I can
definitely go to that so I'm dropping
her off I've got watch you gotta edit
and i just posted a new video so that's
update for the day and you have anything
ok there you have it very first male an
wid by what haven told some people to
slap me their reaction watching the
video so we're gonna check out the ones
they sent me so i don't know if they
wouldn't be on camera or not but Yolo to
fuck I so my OK actually oh my god cares
about you star you such an asshole man
he's yawning his board other people send
me pictures guys over the kardashians
yes Frank had me dyin shout out to the
homie I just want to be in the vlog yeah
that's or anything oh man this is the
funniest video I've seen in my life I'm
laughing so hard hilarious man you've
outdone yourself so that wasn't the new
idea oh my god you broke her leg ah damn
you got him yet
that she was fighting guy's a dick is
hot but up guys so new blogs currently
uploading and I'm watching WWE payback
payback not pray back but payback ya
know what I'm sayin um pretty much this
is my Sunday this is like just my Sunday
rituals I'm just like coming up what I'm
gonna do for the rest of the week and
all that good stuff and one of the
things that I've really been thinking
about that i think would really help me
and my personal life is to get off of
social media as much as it might hurt my
youtube career I just don't think I
really wanted to know sorry I'm getting
distracted by really just think that
social media really distracts me and
that's a bad habit of mine so I'm
thinking about it just getting off
Twitter getting off of Instagram getting
off of a snapchat and just sticking to
youtube and just uploading through there
and pretty much the only way you got to
be able to find out if I post something
is by subscribing and knowing through
there but definitely not stopping
YouTube but as far as like other social
media platforms it's just something I'm
thinking about because it just distracts
me and I feel like I'd be in better
shape and I'd be more focused instead of
worrying about other people's tweets and
opinions and comments and my making sure
I have to update everything daily and
making sure I have to let you guys know
what's going on and all that stuff like
I obviously I care about you guys but
and I love you guys but
it's important from my personal life to
focus on getting in shape and focus on
getting things right to help myself blow
up you know and act like I don't know
nobody and yeah that's just my opinion
diamond on my pain that's just what I'm
thinking about doing I'm not gonna do it
right away but I'm thinking about it so
I'm not sure if it hurt me or Phil make
me better so just telling you guys
anyway as my battery's about to die so
i'ma go put this thing on charge for
later got done watching WWE payback and
still World Heavyweight Champion Seth
Rogen oh I gotta know what it is but I
have been really back into wrestling
ever since I went to Wrestlemania like I
stopped watching wrestling for like five
years and then I was like a die-hard
like I had the action figures and
everything I went to all the
pay-per-view events that were out in the
bay area but i just stopped and i think
by interest in wrestling i know it's
fake guys i know it's fake okay
obviously but it's like a TV drama it's
like you guys watching Keeping Up with
the car get the Kardashians or watching
pretty little liars or whatever you guys
watch it's a drama it's a TV show it's
entertainment all that stuff's fake to
Kardashians is all fake like come on
it's entertainment you got to think
about it
but yeah I've been into it but my new
like getting back into that has lessened
my spending money on sneakers and things
like that like I haven't been paying as
much attention to sneakers as I used to
which is good for my pockets and it's
also good for me keeping focused on more
important things you know so because
watching wrestling doesn't cost anything
being a sneaker it does cause something
but never going to get over sneakers
obviously but you know it's good to take
a step back okay so just a 1000 right
there for you okay so I just ran into
this girl right here Ashley um but I've
come to an idea to help both of us get
back into shape we have to have a
contest what our goal my goal is to lose
20 pounds kit is it possible to lose 20
pounds in a month okay 20 pounds in a
month okay what is your goal funny ok so
we eat you ever lose weight 30 you have
to lose 20 pounds I have to lose 20
pounds
have your entering taco bell okay this
is our last day this is our treatment
okay well i am but look okay so oh it
doesn't matter about a vlog camera will
update them in a way i will do away in a
month so tomorrow we have to do away it
at the gym okay you guys heard and it
will tomorrow we'll decide what we're
gonna put on the line okay you down oh
you can't did you do your thing ah now
i'm filming myself what I was gonna say
min put the her get away and I'm into
the weigh-in tomorrow I'm gonna do my
thing well we could help each other out
but honey we're gonna have a bet at the
end whoever wins will decide what we're
gonna do tomorrow so anyway this is my
last day eating bad and we get some taco
bell right now so we'll see so we
getting some foods right now right now
right now Tony calls so love you what do
you wanna bet
a plain one plane ticket to anywhere you
have to buy me one arrived about you are
what if we both reach our goals then we
just get it together and go somewhere
sure okay but then if if so if you win
though I don't go with you right I said
you somewhere well you don't send me
somewhere I'm just what if I happen to
go somewhere oh you go up there whatever
that sounds good so a free trip pretty
much that's a prob like a plane ticket a
round-trip plane ticket when I win I'll
let you guys decide where I want to go
so huh you think that's better I think
it's good yeah like that I like that I
like that give me carrots I like carrots
I messer carrots
so there you guys have it again when i
went i will be cashing in my money in
the bank and let you guys decide where I
go okay
but anyway contest rules whoever loses
20 pounds first not first whoever loses
20 pounds within a month days and today
today is the time it starts tomorrow
come tomorrow if tomorrow I have no idea
17 16 today this sort of 18 so the 18th
of
so there you have it people and let the
challenge begin it will be in the next
update next step they will be tomorrow
as you see my progress in the gym
he kills me looking as a friend they
don't see my vision pictures over change
but I stay on my mission got the same
goal then feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz i smiled the only one and those
ain't lives in a while I'm talk to a
wish
