Selam ecology in the John sometimes I
really don't know how to start off these
vlogs honestly I don't have an intro
like most youtubers do but I think I
should start it off with more energy
than I usually do right ok so what's up
everyone hey what's up yo oh my god I'm
having a great day
yeah well it's like 11:00 something um
today is the big pop up shop that I've
been hyping up for a couple weeks now
honestly the pop-up shop was meant so
that some Bay Area real dream crew
members could come through get some
merch before we put it on the online
shop I'm gonna give away some free
shirts um just hang out man just hang
out with my friends hang out with some
homies hang out with some of the crew
and just basically you know kind of
bring some hype to the new merch that
I'm trying to put online so I'm pretty
sure there's gonna be some merch
leftover a lot of merch leftover I'm not
expecting a lot of people to come to
this because it's kind of different than
what people are used to or what it's
different than what a youtuber usually
does that being said let's just have a
good day man I don't care if nobody
comes I don't care if a million people
come I want to have a good time with the
people that do show up and my homies
that do come and yeah that's it I hope
you guys do enjoyed this vlog already if
you're part of the crew I don't ask this
too often but give it a thumbs up
because I love you guys I do what I do
because of you guys I rep this crew
because of you guys that's you guys
signed dot take a look inside
setting up the walls are now
what's up bro you ready judge not
impressed
shut up to the homie came through it
what up guys come on this is your time
to shine what do you gotta say okay
that's it okay in what I shout out to
the homies the first couple people that
came to to check it out and yea be just
chillin right now so who wants to throw
down a dunk before you guys leave you
damn okay here we go he's walking out
here with a ten oh you gotta fight so
more homies came through these guys
actually made a parody of my target
basketball video they made a baseball
one so check it out what do they search
two and three eyes christ almighty
yeah so check them out they came through
they're coming back later they went to
the high school that I went to which I
hate it do you guys dated begin to know
all people who hate and say we don't
make things original here's an original
the original friends in the spider team
we got a few of these that we got like
less than four is actually and then we
got the classic couscous and white black
teas and anybody who buys anything this
you should hi Zara Mila it's a little
homey ideas gonna be shy but I gotta put
him in the blog what's up man
don't be shy
what do you gotta say to the people you
watch the vlogs right alright cool
Thank You Man show him your shoes he was
at my sister's wedding - any other pair
of what did you Columbia say here the
Colombians I'm in the Mafia now he comes
through with another pair thanks for
coming man what's up
what do you want to say to the people Oh
going out of business you foreclosure
look at that
hey shout out to the snakes no not you
guys now you guys not you guys what's up
GU under the shmoney dance right now now
right now okay anybody does anybody know
how to do the whip okay no I'm not gonna
do it you do it that's the day just do
the ending just do the ending all right
there you go all right they beat all you
guys as whip sorry
what's up baby
he's not that special huh yeah thanks
for coming I appreciate you man who's
your favorite from the crew you've on
the line right now hey why so far Harris
went missing we don't know where he is
maybe we'll find him later
a job for the homies i Steven Thomas met
him he gave me the glass box and he came
through supported a sit-down for someone
but you gotta say to the people come
sport Cruces and love yourself the
homies over here what's up y'all
what y'all doing you guys having a good
time all right make sure you get some
free food and everything all right Oh
who's this guy but I cut him out
all right you don't know what to say but
I'm gonna put him on blast right now so
hi hi you guys thank you they watch the
vlog keep getting you guys he's your
favorite from the cooler
me what about you do you know it's my
name you got a $100 100 for the first
time
100 game over 100 the one true film what
you got to say you got a 100 now my
wisdom too
I'm like where's Lakers are so shops all
wrapped up
everybody getting some unfilled gear up
gear right now they're cheating on the
dream crew okay all good you know
great turnout everybody came through
like we've been dropped from the
management team nice blog last night
don't you want to let people watching I
did I put the sensor thing 20 minutes
breath to give me a fake reaction or
some dinner sparkles
what where'd you get that my boy this is
that the clock our pop-up shop this is
the popping shot Toronto Dan this is
square let me see the back oh the Canada
logo let me see the flower I mean not
the flower to leave the leaf no mine is
the Raptors and the other ones a tour
one no it's the poor and this is from
the ochio store enter its run them bird
I wish my Toronto fans would send me one
of these kind of is like in the corner
of my troll
you try to take you out the game bro he
doesn't know what to do mr. Omar with
the alley-oop to himself
sister theater this is Benson Ali scoop
Steve Nash
Seema's Jose Conseco Salim clicking it
actually works so I wish you got for the
haters in the comments right now duce
and what else for the grown-ups or
something else for the that will hit him
with a shot hey guys we're gonna get it
ok sit up good guys ok merely naxaiites
good if the poop Chi stop all of the
myelin Makram my time I just like Oh
Mira Mira Mira Mira and I get a swag sir
but a screen door that Purcell
Apostleship swagger la de nada
and here we have five individuals trying
to perform a basketball play neither
they'll have any basketball experience
between all five of them and they're
just bouncing the ball and I believe
there's a lot of traveling's and and as
you can see yeah there's going to be a
reset I'm not sure what that is okay cuz
that will Drake songs okay it's a lot of
passing going a lot of passing that may
have been double dribble I'm not sure I
don't know about you but I'm feeling 17
okay there's a lot of movies going on
swag mighty double dribbled he
alley-ooped it in the middle of nowhere
we don't know what's going on here
a lot okay this is a game by inches
every inch counts all right guys guys
five seconds on the clock
ready let's go you're freaking fan
chokes five four four seconds five four
seconds four seconds three two one zero
oh the crazy gringos applause that's not
bad yeah there's this favorite
basketball players it's harder so you
don't click it look we had an event for
the extra large is a good do you know
like EMS keep doing it I love it you
know what I love it too you know why
because either you want to be me what
you want
you ain't getting neither what you have
to say here's LeBron out here back you
pressing I'm sorry Noel Crombie yeah
well if you guys want an Abercrombie you
know we did out here man
so we are at the counter right now
burger joint you know I'm saying right
y'all in Arizona
all right here we go you ready for the
hot seat we're ready for this Chris Yama
dusted kill one marry one make out with
one kill one marry one
I'm Mary I don't like vanilla so I'm
gonna kill Destin okay now you got to do
it now you guys got to do it ninety ten
ninety ten never goes a full hundred
kids never little 490 ten always
remember that that's a 100
yeah
alright guys so we're ending our night
only
of course we're falling man what else do
we do also hard mother's want to find me
that movie
you know when I hit a strike I'm gonna
hit the whip all day
wagon about almost 200 pounds please on
diet from Fremont California mr. Chi
soma to sort of the match here we go
what's going to be the ball is gone the
ball is in the gutter
that is a gutter so you can't whip that
one
the world looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like that a lot of voices in
my head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't lives in a
while I'm talk to a wizard and if you
ain't with it well you can get stepping
you can let me want it easy when it's
not good
