Dustin you have enemies his name is
swagger dating what up guys we in the
city today me on faith we're gonna do
some pictures for the apparel check it
out rocking it for the first time the
new crew I love the way that she came
out a hat to everything I got in my
backpack but we're gonna meet up with
Dustin he's out here we're gonna hit up
Nike first because you know that's a
ritual and uh yeah man we gonna film
shoot good day and I step so G throw
that sounds a little fitted but I can't
take your order 50 fortune work at a
restaurant you oh yeah look like what
I'm gonna come with you look like all of
garden my dad off yeah
happy patty girls see me fall all right
so we found our location out here Chris
modeling getting ready who's gonna work
it better him or her look at her
your pictures gonna be on the next one
but may the force be with you even
though that way past me forth but they
got these hearts in SF they change them
every once in a while I don't know this
one is from 2011 all the same been here
since 2011 damn crystal still thinks
he's in his modeling pose right now we
went for Dustin just Dustin's in a job
interview right now for victoria's
secret security guard right here you got
a stockroom security guard but we filmed
we did the prank we got the prank done
we did it on some dudes so it came out
pretty cool people stood out on Sunday
and we did the photo shoot all here
comes stuff and look at a businessman
street SF businessman right now
like you didn't see it though what's up
gee how'd it go kill that shit
victoria's secret Yeah right there T if
you didn't come from that way but I came
publish it all right let's go grub man I
let me change my shirt go back to your
job yeah I love my sister let's go we're
takin figure sexy sailor they're like
hey your friends are taking pictures
here let's go I'm like dream crude out
right now I got the dreams come shoes
you feel me a lot of pictures on there
got the dream crew shirt dream KU hat
you know we just wrapped in no we just
right
the way so we went to go eat at that my
favorite chinese spot he's got it for
some reason they like to close on
thursday so they weren't open we drove
like 20 minutes out of the city and we
ended up just getting some pizza which
was decent but he wasn't the best piece
it was cool but I should piss me off
like why you won't be closed on a
thursday anyway we live in SF go home
but to go watch the games I gotta go
Nick anybody's enemies you try to take
away from a nigga don't fucking little
kid I pray for you baby Dustin you have
enemies his name is swagger Diddy
everybody hate dolls magazine I'm not
gonna mention the comments you guys left
about him last video comments are
hilarious y'all ready round we're gonna
do a hate comment video guys so just
wait on it because there's a lot of
haters out there you guys commenting on
our shit I know you guys really love us
but you guys leave some funny comments
so we're gonna read them for you guys
pretty soon so just wait on that anyway
let's go get stuck in traffic all right
what up guys so where are you now that I
need you where are you now that I need
ya
so we just packed came back we got to
the free mount of mounts and mounts and
look at this bro I come back to my home
city and you got it raining over here if
anything it should have been raining in
Frisco I don't know why it's raining
here but that shit pissed me off man
messed up my whole vibe anyway about to
go home edit these photos we took from
the photoshoot start working on
tomorrow's crew kicks as far as editing
it oh it's all filmed and all that so
and then watch the heat game I hope he
went he what the fuck am I saying I'm a
idiot Harrison them we got a blast me
for that God what are you saying JB
anyway go watch the cavs game calves and
bulls hopefully Cavs win but you know I
don't really care I only want Cavs to
win because I predicted them to win but
I mean d-rose played excellent has been
playing excellence or shout out to him
for coming back and making an impact
okay um yo what's up with these traffic
manage it's nasty check out that merge
though check out that march though
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures / change but I failed my
mission got the same goal then feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one that knows I ain't laughs in a
while I'll talk to a wizard and if you
ain't with it well you can get Stefan
you can love me when it's easy when it's
not a good stepping it'll come back and
just turn into a blessing cuz not is so
good got it so good got it so good how
can i say no honking I'm not got it so
good he gave me a lot we preach we
bridge we preach and preach we TG
