Oh like almost as people welcome to the
people sneaker show on YouTube crew
kicks I am your host kind so Mar and
today we've got another fire episode for
you guys last week you guys got to check
out the collection of the homie ace out
here in the Bay Area who had some dope
layer exclusives but we cut it off right
before he got into his OD collection and
we're gonna show you guys that on
today's episode but before we get into
that I have a few shoes sitting right
here and I actually wanted to update my
snubs collection on the app if you guys
don't know snubs is an app where you can
showcase your collection anything could
be watches could be uh your outfits of
the day for girls it could be their
nails or things like that I use it for
my obsession which is sneakers now it's
been a minute since I've updated my snug
shelf my sneaker shelf but I'm gonna do
that by adding a few of my Nike ID's
that you see right here okay first thing
you want to open up the app obviously
this is my profile right here you guys
can see I got my old sneakers that I
updated on there but we're gonna add a
new one just gonna click this first shoe
that I'm gonna add are these LeBron Nike
ID all-stars that I went with uh I went
with the Grammy Team if you guys
remember you wore like they give Grammy
black and gold version of the shoe on
Grammy night take a nice little picture
BAM okay click that Next button item
title LeBron
twelve ID then you can set select the
shelf you want I'm gonna put it on my
shoes shelf and add it to my shelf all
right so that is the LeBron next up I'm
gonna add my Kobe Mambo moments as you
guys remember he wore these when you
passed up MJ on the all-time scoring
list and also if you guys want to add
more images of the shoe it doesn't just
have to be one so you can add different
angles and things like that like your
front angle people go to the mall
moments they can flip through and see
the different pictures I took okay now
I'm gonna add my kairi's which I think
are going to be my most popular item on
my snupps collection these are two
different nike id's me and my boy swag
went half and half and we've made two
different shoes we put them together and
we made up what the Kyrie inspired by
the what the Kobe AIDS I'm gonna have to
take adult picture with these because
this is the future of my account right
here so now I know I have to add
multiple pictures of the Kyrie just
because it's a such a crazy shoe and
there's so many different elements to it
so I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna edit
this shoe and I'm gonna add multiple
pictures and save that item to my shelf
and there we go I'm gonna give my rating
of 5 stars to that so there you guys
have it I hope that I did a few shoes
onto my snap shelf if you guys want to
check out my whole sneaker collection
I'm gonna update all my shoes on there
and it should be already ready and you
guys could go check it out and if you
want to download the app it's in the
description box down below and it's
right there like literally you don't
have to go to the App Store you just
click the link down there and it will
take you directly to the to the way to
download the app all right so there you
guys have it I updated a few shoes onto
my snupps account if you guys want to
check out my whole sneaker account go
ahead and check out my collection on
there and this is my username right here
it's my name obviously but yeah I
updated my horse shelf so you guys can
check out all my shoes drop a comment
let me know which one is your favorite
in my whole collection and download the
app man if you want to check in the
description box down below that's where
you could click the link and it will
take you right to download that
directly so for all phones is down there
and yeah my creating account and follow
me if you do follow me I will follow you
back in the next I don't know three or
four days anyone that follows me I'll
follow you back so yeah hit me up on
snubz and let's talk sneakers tell me
what you think of my sneakers and show
me your collection because I want to see
what some of you guys are wearing what's
in your sneakers collection okay enough
about my sneakers now let's get into a
real collection now we're gonna check
out part 2 of the homie aces collection
I don't even know what to say because
it's just so much oh gee and some dope
Jordan so everyone hope you guys enjoy
this let's check out part 2 of Asus
collection or if we check out some peas
out of my collection we're gonna check
out some AG Jordans I have are ranging
from 1 to 10
yeah we'll start off with the Jordan
ones so Chicago ones plastic bowls
colorway nike air wings black and whites
nike air
he's got retro recently i mean these
were actually getting in a pack but
white and grey pretty fortunate to pick
up the full set i have the low top wine
grande level tops as well and nike air
on the front wings on the back pretty
hard to find in the condition like that
i did pick these up at a garage sale
two bucks crazy story
metallic greens that's how the glues
metallic Reds some OG 85 they had in the
collection for a few years solid green
ones we're probably one of the hardest
metallics of flying at the time I had
some extra spare to money and funds any
size just to fill in the collection up I
wanted to pick up so candidates upper
side of the leather and of course the
whole the whole upper is actually really
different the sole completely different
those are some of the ones I have in my
collection move on to threes and fours
my 86th parent is completely destroyed
sign anything it was worth showing you
this is a 94 pair completely wearable
recent 2004 pair had that red ribbing
around the side which I don't really
like I'd like to clean the Italian
leather with little 88 86 pair changes
the whole shoe in general
I mean from seeing a John man instead of
a Nike is just more gorgeous just like
the way that you should be made section
why my first shoes not this guy this is
a 94 prayer but my one of my first
Jordans was the 2001 pair and I wore
that to death so every time I see a pair
of white cement threes any any any year
88 or 94 maybe the recent retro they
came in I just tried to pick those up
definitely can wear these anytime so
it's gorgeous paranoid listener well the
nike air on the sagging like here on the
back the glue actually held up pretty
well so these aren't cracking yet I left
the black cement pours dead stock and
since I left them dead stock they're
completely cracked cracking all over
their sides our bubble is completely
shot it just sucks that you know if you
don't wear your shoes this is what
happens to the segment I showed you the
PE the only difference with this the
general lees pair is that has the
shadowing on the 23 got some og grapes
with a neck here on the back kind of
fresh prints made these really popular
Will Smith I mean these held up really
well I mean of course the track not
we're a little bit only OD sole
everything's here black metallic size 10
these are cracked as well but you know
it's not like I'm never gonna wear these
these are all made for collecting
purposes super vintage but just you know
also try to have a new collection some 6
is right here small these sixes not a
lot of people have seen MJ wear these
but there are a few pictures of him
wearing these and it's kind of like an
old-school like lifestyle pack that you
do were these room sixes
Mike here on the back the maroon paint
really discolored the white midsole
infrared six not Soul Swap just
completely cracked about I don't think
oh it's definitely not worried about
Jordan six here the seven so I bring the
hairs out 1992 the sevens to make a
misfire buggy buggy Jordan tanks take up
a full city series right here this is
actually one of the hardest times for me
to collect remember when I was first
collecting just trying to find a lot of
the original Jordans from Eklund a
powder-blue tens New York Knicks and
with the orange without man Seattle tens
Chicago's have been recently came out
with a nickel and dime and the recent
retro actually has the the full red
which matches all the other city series
was pretty cool the only black pair in
the city series was the Sacramento tens
all black and you know all these actual
names on
and then the last but not least our
Lando's simple Rove the colorway
deadstock 96 all-star Levin's I mean
it's not the legend elevenses of the
real Columbia blue Elevens a lot of
people think that this was pre 1985
which is wrong he's actually came out
1982 what they were doing is that they
were testing the Joe man on the heel
over the Jordan 7 so they wanted to see
how the Joe man would hold up on the
heel when they held up pretty well a lot
of years of research multiplied I
believe that a lot of the pairs that
dropped were an Asian exclusive my
understanding is because these only came
out and a lot of smaller sizing I was
fortunate to find the dead stock text 10
and 1/2 mile its eyes are pretty clean
my pair actually has the original
sticker and original Nike Air I picked
these up recently the only main
difference is that the general lees pair
has the ribs unreleased pair has the
whole cheetah loved it which is pretty
cool
most of my collection is I try to get a
lot of my size 10 to 11 but as of late
since everything's coming out I've been
looking for out of PE a lot of samples
even if it is in my science you know I'm
just always curious about the history of
Jordan Brand
thanks for checking out my collection
check out my Instagram a CER VA and
three one six East around three one six
I also have a hashtag a sermon three one
six ever use it
post your sneaker pics on that too so
I'll check it out well there you guys go
thank you to the homie ace for coming
through and showing us his sneakers I
know he has a lot more that he didn't
even bring so maybe we can convince him
to show the whole thing let me know what
you guys think what was your favorite
sneaker in his collection from Part one
and Part two
hope you guys enjoyed another episode of
crew cakes again I was your host kite
Omar and we will see you next week with
another episode of crew kicks and
remember we wear our sneakers people
