all of a sudden warriors fan huh all of
a sudden Hornet world I'm actually up
early going to the gym grinding out
first the world to see that I keep my
promises that this promises to myself to
get back in shape I told you guys a few
days ago of my Twitter I wasn't gonna
vlog to speak but I use reverse
psychology so usually I big promises but
I don't keep and I know that and I
apologize for that I'm gonna try to
change that for you but what I wanted to
do was to tell you that I wasn't gonna
vlog but really I am gonna blog what
guys as you can see I'm all red and
tired but not a good workout in did some
running on the treadmill as you saw I
did some basketball and now I'm about to
go do some swimming some laps
mostly cardio no weights or anything
like that but I'm not trying to bulk up
I'm trying to slim down first and then
from there we're gonna try to get a
little cut but it's all process you know
I'm saying gonna go hit the pool and
then the sauna and I'm out of here go
get some breakfast and edited so
I wanted to show you guys my swimming
stuff but I don't want to take the vlog
camera so I'm gonna bring my GoPro next
time and I'm just put it on the side so
you guys can see if anybody cares but
Wow and it feels so so good to get a
nice little workout in and that swim at
the end just was so clutch but feels
good to be up this early and working out
and so now I need to go home and upload
the barbed post the vlog and and I'm
trying up upload these daily vlogs
before noon every day so that you guys
could have a set time to when you get it
and it's not just throwing at you
randomly you don't know if you're gonna
get it or not but I've got to try to
give it to you guys consistently before
new and callee time so I'm out of breath
Oh
time to go home man good my life sup
guys so as you can see I'm all cleaned
up and showered up and I'm really
starting to hate this sweater that's
just I really liked it at first but I
just don't like it anymore it's kind of
weird
it's like peachy anyway
we're gonna get some breakfast without
breakfast well it's almost noon but some
food I guess technically breakfast but
and if you guys didn't know the event is
this Saturday man the pop-up shop in the
Bay Area it's in Hayward address right
here totally free if you guys want to
come through and hang out with the crew
you don't have to buy merchandise if you
want to buy merchandise we're gonna have
some exclusive merchandise just for that
event and then for all the people that
are not going to be able to attend the
event that's wondering how they could
copy dream crew hat or the rest of the
dream for apparel whatever's left over
will be thrown on the website I have
known no discipline no regrets on the
designs for the spring line and I don't
know if I'll make more of them right now
but for now that's the stock inventory
that we have but trying to come through
man sorry for talking so much but try to
come through totally free like I said
free food hanging out with the crew have
a good time man all ages are my little
cousins are come in all their cousins
older friends all all ages man we just
can have a great time and if you can if
you're in the Bay Area come through it's
gonna be a great time she thinks I saw
the Titanic what else is happening what
else can I tell you new video this
Sunday and then new video
Newport cakes this Friday so I'm just
keep updating you guys on what
everything that's going on
let's no more talking to it right now so
I'll see you guys after I get dance
interrogation right now show me shirts
still matching out-of-this-world bra
galaxy like I just picked up the merch
imma show you guys when I get home
because it's in the trunk and we're
gonna go to SF tomorrow we're gonna do a
little shoot show my video Dustin has an
interview with Victoria's Secret all of
a sudden warriors fan huh
haha Louis said it will be out here at
doing a late night target we're hunting
you know the drill you know checking out
the kick game like these are some
flashes right here like let me know if
y'all join a cop off me twenty bucks
Oh Bo and then these right here I see my
boy Harris and these right here but this
is like Harris's go twos right here
shout out to the air Harris is right
here
I'm a cop these for his birthday next
week so I'm getting Ethernet cable
hopefully this solves my playstation
problem and then target just came
through with the fire tanks like look at
this one
fire tie-dye tanks okay you get the idea
of it honestly don't even think I want
to get one because you're getting a lot
that's too much time I in one day
yeah fede Forge oh these are dope she
saw these last time look at that
somebody buy me this that giant bowling
is fired to you and the soccer one oh
and they have the boxing gloves hell
yeah we should get this and have like a
QoP boxing contest
comment down below the match up so you
guys would like to see Harris versus
swag swag versus Dustin Dustin vers
Harris me versus Ashley somebody
alright guys back home about to show you
guys the new merchandise that's gonna be
available on Saturday at the pop-up shop
and then whatever doesn't start to pop
up shop it will be available online I'm
pretty sure there's gonna be some stuff
still available so for all the people
that won't be able to make it you still
got some stuff for you but anyway let's
check out first off you know the Hat
it's that back you know let me get a
good look for you guys it's not back if
you didn't see it dream crew the first
piece is a hoodie short sleeve hoodie
we cut the sleeves ourselves the crew on
here kept it simple inspired by the
yeezus riding for Kanye West so and then
the dope thing about is for the first
time we actually got the imprint of the
size with the washing directions on
there so shout out to my boy if you're
doing this from me
these fit really small so to anybody
that's coming to the event or whoever
plans to cop online make sure you get a
size bigger for sure
next up the camo splatter tee we did
this bleach design on here ourselves you
know the basic groom crew logo again on
the inside each shirt is individually
splattered so nobody's is the same so
wherever cops one of these its
individually designed and individually
splattered so this is probably my
favorite piece of everything and then
right here you know if you're reading
this it's crew season this one came out
really dope the first time I did tanks
notice the praying hands with the O 7
cuz you know how we do the O 7
again on the inside and then on the back
we got the basic logo so you get front
and back on this one so yeah that's the
whole line right there I like each piece
man it's not I'm not disappointed in any
of it so I'm really happy the way it all
came out yeah that's pretty much it
we'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog I'm about to pack up all this stuff
already packed up a few of the shirts to
put them in bags but I'm gonna pack up
the rest of the stuff and then I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another vlog new
crew TV crew kicks tomorrow like I told
you guys but anyway give this a big
thumbs up for I don't know when's the
last time I asked you guys to thumbs up
a video but give this a big give this a
big thumbs up for yourself
um to all my Bay Area people I'll see
you guys on Saturday don't forget and
Emmett good night
well probably good morning for you guys
anyway every time two days it's 1 a.m.
right now so looking at the frame don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one and those
I ain't laughs in a while come talk to a
wizard and if you ain't with it well you
can get to step and you can let me win
the cheesy when it's not good step
it'll come back
