Christina which one first let me hop
first let me hop crashing well they oh
they nobody release people not here Add
to Cart
alright guys as you can see I got the
crew here with me we got swag at D Chris
and Dustin's sleeping half asleep anyway
I told you guys to tweet me some one
hundred yesterday so we're gonna read
them and shout you guys out and we're
gonna read them in a 100 form so here we
go I'll start off and I'll do the first
100 I was tweeted to us by the press
Laker fan at mojo wah head and he says
when you take the easy road it
eventually becomes the hard road I feel
like that was like in the back of like a
postcard or something ok still pretty
good ahh how come Olga see a friendship
isn't about how you feel about them it's
about how they make you feel about
yourself love your Savior so what do you
think I know yourself know your word and
a normal underscore GLC on mall you know
sue or JJ Elsie but enemy of your enemy
is your friend never forget that
daddy Jake Ali belly x the cat life is
amazing don't waste time doing nothing
amazing with your life
Frank nah Biko Biko Johnny Rico yeah
life's a garden dig it Jennie in 100
with the HU and ID when he thought maybe
that's banana swim in here they got to
the end on
you're on it bro my ad name hands 100 in
it you got to put two ends like yeah
maybe doesn't that's this that was a
fact other than or nothing amen do what
hey man the wad alright be yourself
because everyone else has taken I did
you said no copyright marketer really
sorry don't worry about those we'll talk
behind your back there behind you for a
reason
pause that was a good one give it to you
yeah my j'arrive Jumanji yeah the most
important thing to do if you find
yourself in a hole is to stop digging
shoutout to Shia LaBeouf for to Thursday
night okay here we go the grave pac-man
says life is like a sandwich even if you
don't like what since it is sometimes
you still got eat it cuz you hungry AF I
don't know man
put that to the side
I got 11 or if you take out what's
inside and then you know they make
adjustments to light it is fixed you won
yeah it was a fifty at first then we got
four x94 sounds like a game if it
doesn't challenge you it won't change
you Becca Keller Tula Becca Tula I miss
masa masa Tula
did you like Barcelona and Nutella yeah
a little bit probably watching this okay
but I in order to succeed your desire
for success should be greater than your
fear of failure
Oh making me think too much I know it's
a good one at shap underscore Karimi are
you good one night I prayed to God I
asked could he please remove the enemies
for my life did you send a confession
it's wrong Matthew tickets if swag isn't
the one saying the 100 is it really a
100 hashtag mind blown
then we've said it earth Yousef all
right oh this is really good when life
becomes hard be soft like Dwight Howard
that's cool youtuber and uh underscore
Safi uh sorry I'm sorry she never
flogged is reading me I know the only
thing worse than death is a regret
filled coffin
here we can be thanked yeah good this
one by the homie at one and only up dual
shout out to the homie we also just
often what makes you happy and don't
stop pushing or until you reach exactly
where you want to be yeah that's a good
one life goals you dammit I J sherry
Saab this is how alone you can't make
the same mistake twice the second time
you make it it's no longer a mistake
it's a choice our last one this is the
last one we're going to do this from
Kashyyyk and it says same building
different views sound like drink and
that's it for our 100 if you guys
enjoyed the 100th tweet me some more 100
then I'll just retweet up our guys so we
just watching the game right now they're
hella focus Chris is trying to get in
the game so I trying to watch the game
doesn't try to sleep at the game hairs
just nowhere to be found
so everyone 1-800 help Harris find him
they're looking for him he's been
missing for the past five hours so Chris
can I get soggy burgers are you hungry
allergy allergy Oh y'all got the fool
here the games getting interesting six
point game y'all ready to eat so Brian
oh they call the foul Barney
so we bout to die right now guys we made
slag drive us to go to BJ's to get some
dessert and watch the clips lose
hopefully the Clippers lose
I hope the Clippers lose yes I'm saying
that as a salty Laker fans at the end of
the day man the Clippers might be better
right now but at the end of the day how
many banners do the Clippers have not
selfies how many championship banners do
the Clippers have hanging in that
building after you people cheering for
the Clippers probably even though they
have that a day share arena with the
Lakers come on now did you research
anyway
yeah it is dude Thursdays when they both
play on the same day and they have to
train change the whole flooring
I seen the time-lapse video it's pretty
dope but Dustin just woke up good
morning G the two o'clock really good
Nadia thank God Oh swags running yellow
red lights oh you made it
don't talk to swag while he's driving
give a 100 while you're driving come on
just because you can't do it doesn't
mean you're supposed to driving food
bazooka food we all get some dessert
watch the game so cold
Chris you gonna do that
kissing it first first let me have oh
I love looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I failed my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you'll know what I feel
like that a lot of voices in my head
when I hear right you must think it's
all good cuz I smile the only one then
those ain't laughs in a while I'll talk
to a wizard
