that's doing actually help us here and
we're gonna expose Nike Santa Monica
they can tap our shot
they ain't not my camera right now
because more than you love me
so we're at the mall right now it's my
last day here I'm actually leaving in a
few hours we're gonna go grub real quick
because we have an 8:00 then got a six
hour drive home but it's all good we are
all running from rubbing with reaching
for you I'm good man thank you
soup and salad can't go wrong little
dome is number one fan 16
we try to load up on the carbs yeah
bulking season anyway salad breadsticks
breadsticks pasta with some shrimp
alfredo sauce like it's cereal we and
good put up guys I'm watching right now
like being a potential game winner right
now the wizards and wizards den Atlanta
game and that was down 20 at one point
or 19 I will point to what I remember
what I thought
my game right now like 10 seconds left I
believe so let's do a piss
he's like the to the rebirth the rebirth
of the truth
wow man hope Wizards win the series I
thought I was gonna win that's what I
put in my bracket but they looked like
wizards I'm gonna are taking that to
Monday as long as you know I'm dropping
the spring dream to the line and we just
got something for the dream cruise line
my lovely assistant ever you want to
wear it does it look cool yeah there's
dope first
guys the hats are finally done check it
out and they will be going on sale at
the Heyward Odin filled shop this coming
Saturday and only available there dudes
be like you look like you've got to get
shot out here you the two colors and
shit anyway guys got the snap backers
sube might go to half from them on its
my own hat you know what I'm saying we
out here baby won't you come my way
behind the scenes what really happens on
my mood Monday's even hood Saturday
looks at this the drama behind the
brothers Oh Manny Pacquiao if flame Bell
was not the only part of the century
if you had to sock one QoP member in the
face who would
just say it bro alright guys so it gets
real quiet after we do a little insipid
I get through a quiet after a photoshoot
because you know it's posting time after
that so right now we're just all quiet
but I just wanna let you guys know for
the people wondering you know a lot goes
into an Instagram picture more than what
you guys see a lot of drama a lot of
blood a lot of sweat a lot of Tears
a lot of people think that we do this
for the money but no we do it for the
likes the Instagram likes so I just want
to let you go what do you what are you
laughing about
stop sorry guys and it's just something
I my main goal in life is to things one
thing
is to be an Instagram model and then my
second goal is to blow up and I got some
guys so for the third time trip had come
to the Third Street Promenade and yeah
you're always here the stores are vital
to those fires oh I enjoy it and have a
good time pick up our guys we're gonna
do the Nike Santa Monica experiment okay
every time I go to the set like the
Santa Monica I get no type of customer
service I get no type of help I've
logged the other day when I walked in
here just to see if anyone helped me and
nobody did but I didn't post it because
it was - I was moving around too much
I'm gonna try to keep it more steadier
but let's see how many people that's
doing actually help us here and we're
gonna expose Nike Santa Monica because I
used to live here
I used to come here all the time and
they just suck at customer services but
they prove me wrong I used to work for
thank you so I understand what their
expectations are
I had the Nike employee you know I'm
saying but they are in a prime location
with based all the employees coffee
thinking that they you know all
celebrities coming here and shit so
they're like oh why should we help you
out no you're nothing so just go expose
that I'm gonna try Shakespeare to myself
another new it won't say anything from
you for sure
so nothing yet we have not been a Provo
but we've only seen like two employees
this will not use the augurs we like
over you
again that thing
it has anybody talked to you yet
actually another guy talked to me
but did you approach him no we fought
none of those like another customer pick
up the lunar lunar glides yes they are
he said but these ones break down find
it Dan
he should get hired here huh see the
other customers are the ones that are
helping him at this stupid night
no but I said anything to us still
there you guys have it the nike
experiment
nobody greeted us when we walked in
nobody treated us when we walked out
nobody's asked us if we wanted anyhow
no it's not even about that I'm just I
just hate like if you go to Nike LA
they're hella good and that that story
gets more celebrities gets way more
money I believe no actually this one
might be getting more money but Nike LA
is don't their employees are dope
but Thank You Santa Monica their
management and their employees are has
put up guys so we just got done with her
street children relaxing some b-ball
outside of the school they're all good
I'm gonna tell them like
nothing we're about to go back to the
crib and start doing some Power Move
plying we would say now all weekend but
really maybe they didn't film anything
this weekend guys to keep it 1 trillion
with you but we got stuff in the works
just know that right
mixtape dropping soon yeah we're gonna
work on it tonight makes they drop and
soon man
if you're really watching this it's too
late guys anyway we're waiting for our
uber driver my camera is about to die
I'm after three days but look at that
some sick-ass has a shout-out to
everyone who used my uber code you guys
are the reason why I've been getting
around LA every time you guys use the
code you get a free ride and I get a
free ride so I've been using that to my
advantage I keep it real with you guys
I'm gonna tell you when I'm advertising
something if you want a free ride and
you've never used the app check it out
promo code is uber QoP so alright all my
peoples codes are gonna be they're all
gonna download app and users okay okay
use classes befores anyways much love to
him what's his is art
oh yeah cuz you guys have been in most
of the rides anyway sorry for the bad
lighting in this apartment anyway just
got done filming the challenge video for
the man we brought this channel we did a
dope little video so I'm not going to
tell you guys you go to their Channel
and watch it
they're already editing it about to call
it a night got a long drive in the
morning back home to San Fran
the Bay Area's so I'm gonna try to get a
little bit of rest before I have to do
that long six-hour drive you want to
give them a sneak peek ready they even
is
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while come talk to it
