packing up getting leaving the hotel BM
I'm spending the night at my house
tonight so cleaning up over here
check out the sliding I really like my
outfit today even though it's just like
a white tee I got this t-shirt from H&M
yeah it's gone from H&M
got my Topshop meetings on you know I'm
saying like and then I'm gonna wear my
Jordan sixes tip - I went near my child
and the Lindsay's subtle like Nora those
right now
but anyway packing it up we'll see where
the day takes us LA today city of dreams
huh what up y'all bad sorry for the bad
lighting I'm here with my former One
Direction members here we go
Jerry Smith just hit a three to tie the
game watching calves and bulls so we're
gonna give you our reaction of a Derrick
Rose hits the game-winner cuz he's gonna
take the shot could use a prediction -
teasing TM q MZ r exclusive who thing's
gonna hit take the last shot might be
Derrick Rose but I think they should let
Jimmy Butler hit it over here I think
it's gonna be the MVP of the game
Dellavedova do you agree hey Lucas ollie
why do I see
located Michael Buckner it rose rose
shoot it
oh my god
this is huge ridiculous bro oh yeah look
at me go call me is Wow oh my god
Instagram and Twitter are going crazy
right now
Wow so we finally bought 2e right now
after waiting a whole game and trying to
decide where we want to go we're going
to 10,000 degrees anything we got to
whip it though who wants to look at
first move in the middle of the
crosswalk
the Whippet is the new shhhhh buddy
dance you remember I used to make you
understand that I'm going to make your
way to the wave yours this coming Jesus
and just know you it's a competition now
it's right it's not about doing it right
it's about doing it better than right
yeah all right so we have 100 degrees
they keep well you will bring us to the
one place that has the biggest line
breath what up guys so just changed up
we're actually gonna go out to get some
food and so G you're ready for dinner
yeah it's a high-class place you know
you go just high-class yeah why'd you
you're gonna hit that whip first cuz I'm
not taking the vlog camera out tonight
for me it tomorrow G okay so y'all gotta
wait for tomorrow's vlog now why do you
be playing game remind me to go when I
go guys remind me when I go downstairs
to get my gum because then you might go
I got you
thanks you want to give a 100 year
before we go no I'm saying can you
exchange to go with me oh yeah yeah like
really you're on exchange mail yeah well
we're not gonna do that camera right
yeah I'm you ready to record ear I know
you no no I'm gonna edit this out I have
to show you better yeah can you do the
thing what's great can you do the thing
that you do on my neck oh that would
think that yeah no not right now
Judy last night and then you are you
have three parts
mean why'd you get the sickest handshake
guys but we're not gonna show thank you
wait till tomorrow y'all gotta wait on
that way we don't know huh yeah thank
you for watching this vlog any last
words you stop looking at yourself yeah
the dudes alright guys thanks for
watching this vlog it was super short
but make sure to give this blogger
thumbs up comes up you know I'm saying
that's not our handshake by the way oh
yeah this is not alright we'll see you
tomorrow looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures
but I stay on my mission got the same
goal same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laugh
