alright guys we are inside of Mack Park
shout out to make you for coming early
and opening the doors for us it's too
early appreciate it and finally the cast
of the day and the cameraman of the day
Justin what stop appreciate you coming
out
easy Busta earliest crisis ever walking
up to do yeah anything in the past month
but when you got ideas you got it you
got it actually
you got to execute them but that is a
true statement I said that in the car
too but anyway what do you guys think of
the video we banged out I'm not gonna
say what it is cuz I'm a posting on
Friday which is I think it's a little
heat what's today today's Wednesday so
tomorrow's Thursday so Friday video will
be up so this will be tomorrow tomorrow
for you guys video will be up tomorrow
all my crew TV channel what do you guys
think I think it turned out pretty funny
dude I love this location yeah thank you
for letting me shoot here yeah Mickey
thank you these were is you think it's
trash yeah Wow not I'm not your fault
it's crazy I just gotta think of better
ideas now oh well I like it so hopefully
you guys watch it yeah see that's what
I'm saying I got this like issue this is
like an airport belt bruh you feel me
like I was at the airport one time and I
needed a belt so I went about this and
this is a band this is the best belt in
the world to hold this let me show them
how this day execute this look at this
no belt like this ok it's like that's
how you undo sit right but it yeah it's
got Regis you're about to get
demonetized for taking it
one time I let Ahmed borrow this he's
like in any texted me he's like brah how
do you take it off I'm in the bathroom
I'm like what do you mean he's like I
can't take your belt off I need to go
pee
you just press the button exactly I
don't think he has one of those zipper
no no that's all right yeah I haven't
been to Mac Park in a minute so there's
a few things that I want to see I think
I might have some checks I think I might
have some consignment checks here so I
might be able to I might be buying
something today I'm interested in seeing
the Brooklyn box logo I was looking at
the veto you can't really see everything
in there yeah you can't see anything on
like all that they're black on black
right there that's like the details of
the body and this is like all the guts
what the shape of the motor was I
thought that's what you did like yeah
because originally what I had wanted to
do was completely - happen this blown up
to where the whole body was rainbow or
like this but we decided to do it
exactly like the figure and I feel like
a lot of people don't understand that
and that's why they hate on it but yeah
it's do I'm getting a lot of heat but I
got the most likes I've ever gotten I
own both IG pictures so there's love and
hate but the same people that are hating
are the same people that said oh you
bought a mom car not knowing that this
is $120,000 car so
alright guys Mac hi pop here let's see
what we are buying today last night I
went to Target with Mina and I bought
Hellas stuff from my apartment because
I'm literally outgrowing my apartment
with like clothes and sneakers and a
whole bunch of other stuff so I need to
like first of all make smart decisions
on clothing i buy it because i have way
too much clothing and - i need to redo
my whole like apartment so I'll be like
refurnishing and figuring all that stuff
out look at these and they also got
these the scarface table lamps I'm not
copying anything from the Scarface
supreme collection cuz I have personally
though don't hate me guys do not up
subscribe unsubscribe I've never seen
Scarface so I'm not gonna cop anything
from the collection yeah don't hate me
one thing that caught my eye is this
fear of God band sample now this is
never releasing this was put on a
website by Jerry Lorenzo and it sold for
a thousand and then they have here at
matok Park is gone for like three
thousand which is crazy but I personally
am NOT a fan of this I don't like that
little strap but it's just crazy to see
how wide press those I need these I
really want the off-white hyper dunks
too when those come out I'm gonna need
those so I can open them what else
where's that box logo the Brooklyn Box
logo let me move the tag the Brooklyn
box logo right there going for like two
racks right now crazy alright guys so
this is pretty lit because Mac Park is
selling blank supreme t-shirts you see
that these went on sale at Kmart for
like four
bucks American Apparel went out of
business and they were making supreme
shirts so they sold these to Kmart for
dumb cheap they have them in a whole
bunch of colors so today's pickups we
get into Calabasas pants
finally and then the supreme hockey
jersey hooded hockey jersey hockey
jersey got a few good things and I have
some stuff I need to put on consignment
too so I'm gonna go grab those because
I'm trying to downsize my collection
because the boys running out of room
it's hard man it's hard to get rid of
things you like but sometimes you got to
cut the loved ones out of your life you
know all right okay guys so here's a few
shoes that I'm putting on consignment
these bad boys right here which I know a
lot of people are gonna want a very good
condition SNS ultra boost I mean this
stuff is dope but I just don't have the
time to wear all of them the kith ultra
boost and the supreme air force twos I
know I just copped these but again it's
like I bought them and then I'm like
kind of like probably where these wants
so I'm gonna get rid of those the
supreme side satchel I have too many
bags right now I need to get rid of that
these air maxes that I got from I got
these from London and then a few other
things so your boy got some sneakers
here if you want to cop these I'll put
them on some good prices but I got it
got a downsize man keep saying they got
a downside man I gotta tell you guys my
apartment is filthy like it is
disgusting you gotta see this bruh I'm
gonna spend the rest of the day cleaning
all this and while I clean I need to
show you guys something because I got an
unboxing from adidas so we are gonna do
that unboxing right now so you know what
time it is
hit the intro
what's in a box welcome ladies and
gentlemen to the must-see unboxing
channel here on youtube welcome to crew
TV so today I'm gonna be unboxing
something from adidas basically adidas
did hit me up in the DMS you know what
I'm saying it's going down at the DN and
they said they want to send me something
and what they said was that they want to
send me something which is going to be a
product that will help don't Maul didn't
say it like that basically they said
they're gonna send me something that
will be very very great for the year of
2018 so I don't know if these come out
until 2018 or if it's a product that's
releasing soon to represent a sneaker
that's like the speaker of 2018 well I
don't really know but let's go ahead and
open it up one thing that kind of did
suck was that a fetus accidentally sent
this to my old address so I had to go to
my old apartment and go pick this up
whoa what the hell a duffle bag this bag
kinda has the EZ print to it like a
zebra easy print so that kind of makes
me wonder if this is like one of the new
Yeezys it looks like this is more of
like signatures on you so I really doubt
that I think I know what this is year of
release 1997 Crazy eight adv 1997
basketball shoe debuting on the feet of
one of the greatest to grace the
hardwood hardwood 20 years later the
crazy 8 adv asurs in the next chapter
for the iconic series and breathes new
life and that's on this side and on this
side you see this print right here so
that is from the adidas crazy basketball
shoe now one thing they didn't mention
in this entire little story is whose
shoe was the Crazy eight and the reason
they didn't mention that is because that
athlete is no longer endorsed by adidas
and that athlete is no longer even in
the NBA and that athlete is my favorite
player of all time which is Kobe Bryant
so they can't technically say it here
but we all know that this is Kobe
Bryant's old shoe before he went to the
other brand we got ourselves a nice
little duffel right here open that up
and we got a few things in here first
things first we got ourselves a small
box in here this is unusual usually you
don't get a box this small just open
this up I feel like there's like a
keychain or something okay
nice little velvet bag oh what the feel
this is sick this is like a like a
concert slash event wristband usually
this thing is paper but this is like a
gold like this is like straight gold
metal dipped in gold whatever it is so
yeah you unscrew it yeah this is really
really unexpected to be honest with you
now we open it up and we got one - Wow
even the inside is really nice the
inside is like a nice little satin
material that's pretty dope cool
packaging very nice execution on the
packaging BAM Wow
okay so as you guys can see this is the
adidas krazy-8 but it has been remade
and re-engineered to I guess be more
modern the upper is super super
lightweight it's not as thick leather as
the original one as you can see this
one's got a whole crazy like snakeskin
print to it okay so this is definitely
not gonna be a performance sneaker
because it was sent by adidas Originals
this is more of like a lifestyle sneaker
and it is uh you know it's like the
modern 2017 / 2018 version of one of
their best basketball shoes ever okay so
I'm assuming we have a white pair in
this duffel this one is a satin with the
crazy on there BAM so we've got the
white version right here with again the
snake skin on the upper very very
similar this one is like an off-white
it's a cream color which has been super
super popular on sneakers I personally
out of the two I'm gonna have to say
that I like a black pair
I like the black pair a lot Adidas
having boost technology and you know
just making one of the most comfortable
or some of the most comfortable sneakers
it's hard for me to wear sneakers that
don't have boots
in it for multiple hours you know what
I'm saying like I'm pretty sure a lot of
you guys can agree with me but I've been
really been open to you know trying out
different shoes and seeing if they still
work for me and this is definitely one
of those shoes that I'm gonna sorry I'm
talking down but I'm like tying my shoe
these look good on feet honestly my only
complaint is that the tongue is sticking
out way more than I wanted to so I would
probably lace that top area just so the
tongue sticks in I guess these will be
either coming out towards the end of the
year or 2018 so look look for these out
and that wrap it up Dan yo guys so 11:59
right 11:49 excuse me two-bit most of
the day cleaning my apartment I'll show
you guys my apartment when I get back to
the crib I feel like I say that once or
twice a week that I spend most of my day
cleaning my apartment I rearranged my
whole bedroom and I feel like I did such
a good job I have so much space now that
I can start filming in my bedroom but
the reason why I'm out so late right now
is because I need to go to downtown see
originally I was gonna have Justin
transfer me the files so I could start
editing but the files are too big it's
like 40 gigabytes of footage so I'm
gonna go put it onto my laptop driving
to downtown snow table like 20 minutes
or so to get there
comeback and possible I don't know if
I'm gonna get to work on editing that
right today I probably start that
because I have all day tomorrow to do
that and then the video will will go up
Friday and I'm very very very very very
very excited to host this skit for you
guys because it's been a minute since we
did a legit skit
so anyway I'm talking too much now let's
get on the road and we shall be there
very very soon
alright guys so cutting right back to
the apartment I'm sorry that this vlog
is all over the place but I finally
cleaned it look how beautiful it looks
I'm doing laundry drying my clothes
trash has gone over here there's a few
things so this is my new and improved
bedroom and I'm very very excited for
just because I have so much room to work
with here
basically I took the bed and I just
scooted it all the way to the corner and
it's pretty lit because like literally
this bed goes exactly it goes exactly
with the door so it's not gonna get in
the way of that so that's pretty good
and then over here I bought this rack
from Target and I put this over here and
then I put my computer table over here
so if I wanted to I can like you know
set up the camera like this I feel like
I'm outgrowing this apartment right now
so I wanted to you know renovate it I
guess and I'm satisfied anyway before I
do get into the main point of this video
which is obviously you see the title I
want to remind you guys that this
Saturday we are dropping all of the
remaining tour merch online on dream
crew calm so basically what happened is
for every tour stop we made a set amount
of each item and unfortunately we didn't
we did end up cancelling two stops on
the tour and for Toronto sneaker con we
couldn't get our merch past customs so
it's getting shipped back to Sacramento
so we have about three stops worth of
merchandise from the tour that will be
available this Saturday exclusively on
dream crew calm everything's going on
dream crew calm from the limited very
very limited Stan's socks to the crowd
Patek collabed to the camel hoodie the
the t-shirt the tour t-shirt the
champion shorts
the Hat the 3m bombers the swagger duty
fidget spinners all of that stuff will
be available online this Saturday at 9
a.m. on Jim Crow comm so yeah that's
that now um I'm gonna go sit down over
there in the living room and we need to
discuss something oh man you know
recently there's been a lot of
controversy there it's been controversy
in my head and it's bothered me in my
head maybe nobody else cares about it
but it bothers me a couple of weeks ago
I was watching my friend Harrison's
vlogs and he was at the cloud house and
there's a guy by the name of Wolfie raps
and I addressed this the other day in a
vlog but he called himself the biggest
high beast on YouTube nothing but
respect for him but that was a title
that I gave myself proudly about two
years ago you know what I'm saying I
feel like before I gave myself that
title nobody was taking pride in being a
high peace on YouTube it was something
that was forbidden and I'm not saying
I'm the one that made the word I'd be
school but I definitely helped that term
switch over to more of a positive a
positive term you know what I'm saying
so people might be like oh you're being
extra cocky you think oh no guys I'm
just keeping it real how I see it you
know I'm saying it's like I never saw
anybody say oh I'm a high B so I'm don't
I feel good to be out no I never saw
that and when I started doing it I came
out with a damn shirt that said I feel
like a high peace and at first people
were like why would you do that and then
they sold out and then we said haha
business is booming I take pride in
calling myself the biggest hypebeast on
YouTube and I see other people using
that the disrespect I made a list of ten
people on YouTube who I think are the
biggest heipiess on YouTube let's get
down to the list by the way you might
hear my laundry it's like 2:00 a.m. I'm
doing laundry so I'm sorry about that
but anyway number 10 is someone who is
not full-time youtuber but they do
upload YouTube videos here and there and
they've recently been kind of on a
YouTube grind so I gotta give number 10
to my boy Benjamin Kicks
he's the reseller for the celebrities
he's made
named for himself super dope kid to hang
out with I gotta give nothing but love
to him and he's a high beast I mean like
I said it's a good term now so it's okay
to call someone a high beast and they
won't take it the wrong way because you
know Benjamin's always trying to you
know rock the newest sneakers or get the
newest collabs and have the the freshest
chains on and and all that stuff so
everything he does obviously is to show
people that he's doing something hype so
he's a high piece number nine is the
person I talked about earlier which is
Wolfie raps now I'm surprised I even put
him on the list because I went to look
at old videos of his and I did not see
him wearing anything hype until recently
until I saw him hanging around like rice
gum and face banks and those types of
people so we can put him on the list as
a top hypebeast but he's not a true high
beast he's a hype beast because he sees
the people around him in hype stuff now
again no disrespect to him or anybody
else on this countdown I'm not here to
throw shade I'm just giving you guys my
opinion on who's a high beast so yeah
number eight now number eight was kind
of iffy because like I was thinking is
he a hypebeast well he doesn't really do
too many high B's things but then he
also wears a high P stuff time to time
like when my man Blake went now there is
a lot of videos where I feel like you're
going and buying supreme for hype
reasons or you're going to cop stuff
just because you need something to buy
something hyped for a video and again
there's nothing wrong with that you know
I do the same so we both are on the same
level and I got nothing but respect for
him he's young he's grinding he has
potential to grow and be one of the best
I guess sneaker slash street wear men's
fashion channels so yeah my man win
number seven so number seven the reason
why this person is so high on the list I
feel like a lot of other people would
have put him in the top three but the
reason why I didn't put him in the top
three is because I felt I feel like he's
more of a natural height beast like he
doesn't just buy supreme and and all
that stuff because it's height he buys
it because he really likes that stuff
and he's been buying it before
was popular to buy it on on YouTube and
that's my man blazing dairy blazing
there he's been killing it lately you
know he's one of the top sneaker slash
street wear channels if not the best at
the moment I gotta give him his respect
someone who just came out of left field
I wait I can't use a baseball term I
don't watch baseball he's someone who
just came out of the cuts and like said
he made the statement this year and he
said you guys might have forgot about me
but I'm here I've been watching his
videos for a while now I met him like
two years ago at sneaker con Fort
Lauderdale and he was always into
supreme all his videos were about like
you know him Rhee selling and buying
supreme and and sneakers and stuff like
that so he wasn't one of those guys like
myself who kind of jumped on the supreme
wave recently and that's where I put him
so high on the list cuz he's not just
doing it for hyped reasons even though
it's hype stuff that he's you know
showing off and wearing
he's more about it because he likes it
so that's why I have him so high at
number seven number six so number six I
am going to put rice gum now everything
he's wearing every day is is super hyped
from it's Gucci its supreme human racers
Yeezys like I've seen this guy just
chillin at his house it looks like he's
about to go to bed or it looks like he
just woke up and he's wearing like a
supreme CDG t-shirt or something you
know I'm saying like he's always in
something that's hyped like all the time
and I guess that's what you a lot of
people get on him saying that
oh he's flaunting all this money and
he's being like trying to stop on his
audience but that's what being a high
beast is a lot of people aren't used to
that cuz they don't buy that type of
stuff they're not into that type type of
stuff so they look at it in a bad way
but he's doing it to show it to the
people who appreciate it and that's
that's fine and from one high piece to
another high piece even though I don't
watch every single one of his videos I'd
love to see his outfit so I'll go on his
Instagram see what he's wearing what he
copped and same thing about a lot of
these guys I don't watch their videos
all the time I know their youtubers I
know they like hype stuff and I can
learn how to dress based on what they're
wearing so I'm not saying rice gum is
the best dress on this list but he's got
a lot of dope hype stuff and he's always
looking to buy more I guess I'm going to
put the entire the entire faze clan from
face banks to face adapt to faze rug to
all the other guys the reason why I put
them all together is just because I
putting them individually on the list
would have made the list
super super like top 15 so I was like
you let me just put them all in one
because they're not all hypebeast like
diehard hype bees but I feel like
putting them all together makes them one
big hype bees group so I think the
biggest out of all of them would
definitely be rug just because I always
see him shopping I think he shops more
than anyone also banks as well but I
feel like Banks is more about just
wearing no actually he's been like going
ham at the Gucci store when I watch his
videos I think rug and banks are the
most high fees out of the crew but
everybody in there literally has they
all have Yeezys they're all like going
shopping at Gucci they're all like in
Supreme and wearing like human racers
and stuff like that they like to wear
what's poppin again nothing wrong with
that they should because they need to
you know they make a lot of videos they
should always present themselves as
wearing what's popular or what's
trending or whatever maybe so shout out
to the whole faze clan I've met a few of
them I've met rug
I've made I've met sensor both of them
super dope dudes yeah I got the faze
clan at number five number four number
four now this person at number four
throughout their whole YouTube journey
they've done some amazingly a lot of
high P stuff so at number four I'm going
to put Blake Linder Young Blake
Linder as you guys know B sneak he
always wants what's popular he does have
a few sneakers in his collection which
are just like whatever you know I'm
saying there's not too many GRS to be
honest with you
it's got two pairs of mags I think he
has two pairs of regular red Octobers
like anything that's popping he's not
waiting in line for it he's peeing
resale and to me that's the high peace
lifestyle and there's nothing wrong with
it because I do the same thing it's like
I don't like to camp out for stuff when
you're a high beast you enjoy having
stuff that's limited you enjoy having
stuff that the entire
world doesn't have and that's the best
way to explain it because if I explain
it saying oh I only like it because it's
hyped people are gonna look at it the
wrong way you can respect the word
hypebeast way more if you look at it
that way and that's what Blake blender
does is he wants stuff because of that
he wants anything that's new he wants
anything that's popping if he knows it's
gonna help him get views or he wants to
be the first person to show it on his
vlog that's the high peace lifestyle
again nothing wrong with that I gotta
keep making that disclaimer because I
don't want anybody to take stuff the
wrong way at number three I'm going to
put somebody who posted an Instagram
picture literally today and the caption
said the biggest high priest on YouTube
my little brother
all the way from Dubai for a money
case I love you my man but you are not
the biggest hypebeast on YouTube you're
one of them you're top three but you are
not the biggest and the reason why that
is just because still buy all this
limited stuff and stuff like that but
you're not getting all of it so that's
why I'm not gonna put you at number one
but you're still top three because come
on now the man did the LV supreme Lambo
Ferrari what was it was at the Ferrari I
think it was a Ferrari that put you on
that but you talked to me for sure rush
it you know killed it with that one with
the EZ Escalade that you did that we the
best Escalade that you do even just
having that we the best threes bruh that
you can't even consider that high peace
you have to consider that
although let me think grateful keep
getting the sneakers there's a lot of
shoes you need to get yourself to that
to that high piece list I need to see I
don't see you in that much supreme I
only see you in the supreme LV I gotta
see you in more supreme I got to see you
in more Bape to put you at number one
you got a long way to go my friend
you're young but Rachid let's just say
I'll give you some pointers
stay tuned coming in at number two a lot
of people will put this guy number one
but the reason why I put him at number
two is just because he's newer to the
youtube world so I feel like even though
he is a veteran in this high P sneaker
world not just sneaker world but this
whole hype piece world he hasn't been
doing YouTube for too long so I'm gonna
take some clout away from him there and
I'm gonna give it to my man to J's cakes
basically BJ see he wants to flex it if
there's a pair of shoes that nobody has
he needs to show it to the world that he
has it and that's high peace you know
I'm saying again it's not a bad thing
it's just that's what we do that's what
Heidi's do is you show the world things
that update that no one else has and and
JC time and time again has been the top
guy showing the world stuff that no one
has and it's not just him holding it
it's going to his feet he's wearing it
he's pulling up to these sneaker cons
with like stuff that I've never seen or
heard of on top of that like he's always
buying babe supreme you know supreme LV
he has like tons of stuff like it again
if it's limited he needs it not just him
his wife laundry's done if you find one
outfit that doesn't have two or more
things that are hyped then I'm
completely wrong because that man is
always wearing something hi beastie it's
hi beastie a word coming in at number
one number one it took me some time to
think about this it was really hard for
me to make this decision but coming in
at number one is uh myself like I said
in the beginning of this video on
YouTube I don't think there was really
anybody taking the term high paced and
being proud to call themselves that none
of these guys were taking pride in being
a high peace if you went to somebody
else's comment section and you called
them a high B's they considered you a
hater I took that term that people were
calling me a high peace for buying
certain things and nice
yes I am if-if-if calling me a heipiess
means I'm getting limited stuff I'm
getting the hottest product I'm getting
you know whatever is popular at the
moment
I'll take pride in that because that's
what I like to collect that's what I
like to buy I think I am the biggest
high beast on YouTube some of you may
agree some of you might not agree but
this is my opinion it's not a fact and
that's what a lot of people will
probably get mad at I am the
self-proclaimed first ever biggest
heipiess on YouTube and I will continue
to give myself that title because no one
is taking it away from me I was a lot of
talking ok I'm gonna end the video there
let me know what you guys think
who are your guys's top 10 biggest hype
beast on YouTube I would also like to
see some of the people who I named in
this list make a video giving their list
so we can kind of see what how other
people spread their opinions figure out
other people's opinions on me whether
they think I'm the biggest hype East or
not and again disclaimer I gotta say it
one last time nothing but love and
respect to all of the people I named
right now basically that's gonna wrap it
up and again new video will be out
tomorrow it is a skit me and Yeezy Busta
is gonna be amazing make sure you guys
check it out I'm gonna try to upload it
by like noontime on Friday so or earlier
we'll see but yeah I'm out of here
cool
Seraphin
