welcome back to crew kicks the people's
sneaker show the sneaker show that
YouTube deserves the sneaker show that
everyone is loving now I owe you guys so
much for taking some time off crew kicks
butt I've come back with an episode that
is gonna top every single crew kicks
episode before this one today we're
gonna be looking at the sneaker
collection of the homie ace he's one of
the Bay Area natives and he's got some
pure pure fire for you guys so I hope
you guys enjoy I'm not gonna sit here
and talk forever because I owe you guys
sneakers so let's go ahead and get into
it ladies and gentlemen let's check out
aces collection
my name is Aysen from the Bay Area I
started collecting sneakers when I was
16 I was always into sneakers but if you
never Ford it never got any person I was
a kid and that's why every once I got my
first paycheck just all went straight
there and I'm a collector who says all
right let's go ahead and get into it
these are just some of my favorite PE
pairs some samples and some rare pairs
that now optical see on a regular basis
every time I go to secret shows Funk
exchange the perk on these you normally
the pairs that bring out Eddie Jones
when he was on the Miami Heat basically
a charcoal upper the only difference is
I said that suede is a patent leather
and it's not that gradient kind of
glittery effect and of course the number
six Eddie Jones for number six on the
Miami Heat a lot of people use to think
that these were LeBron James keys
because he wore number six but now this
is way before my the Ron James this was
a Jones right here Chris Paul
he had a six ring before he did a lot
with a lot of team shoes this pair right
here so Mike Bibby eight low top one of
his last bees before he got traded with
his team diamond logo the TD but
actually looks like oh 10 for his number
pretty fortunate this one's actually
game or where they wore out the jump man
I guess size
who's this twelve and a half physic yeah
so from Sacramento this is a baseball
cleat selection one of my first baseball
cleats Jordan Brown actually did one for
Andruw Jones when he was on the liner
Braves number 25 a little baseball mitt
this is one of his last keys when he was
on the Braves I was pretty fortunate to
pick up a Ray Allen set Briones one of
my favorite Jordan Brand players I got a
little keychain from lipid SF Thank You
Brandon for a little keychain there was
a limited edition run from House of
Hoops that came out of New York only the
only difference from that pair to this
fair is the heel portion is actually
fully painted black one of my Nike
contacts actually let me know are told
me the reason why this was actually
fully painted black is because of the
cracking
so the real PE pairs when you crack a
wine green Sugar Ray pair the Boston
Celtics you know Ray Allen was part of
the infamous big three with Kevin
Garnett and Paul Pierce size 14 to
pedicle never wear it but it's just you
know something to treasure to have if
you're a big rayon fan so Sugar Ray
this is Juwan Howard P part of the
infamous of Michigan v the fab part
he's been on a bunch of teams but the
last thing that played on was the Miami
Heat he's now an assistant from Miami
Heat but I don't believe he ever wore
this in the in game you're supposed to a
lot of people will mistake this as a
chrome pair but the only difference is
that it has a playoff on design like if
you compare this print as a aqua print
compared to the playoff print this pairs
one of my special Affairs Carmelo
Anthony's pair from the Olympics it's
actually badged a date oh wait this is
the date that Olympic opening ceremonies
were supposed to take place actually it
did take place and he was opposed to
wear this pair imposed leather engraving
which is pretty cool because a lot of
the other lasers out there would have
actual laser print engraving in there
but this is the only difference
I mean the main difference is is the
impose pair so I mean I've seen people
out there Eric out in Chicago the live
days he has a pair of these the exact
pair but it has the laser pair so I mean
I haven't seen another
pair within those pairs so this might be
the only 145 sample from 1996 211 we'll
check out this I actually kind of start
slowed down because I just nailed that
you know there wasn't a lot of other
Grails to have in a collection after
this right here Motorsport 5 he started
getting into bike racing motorcycle
racing teamed up with a yamaha motor
sports
I remember seeing pictures of these in
soulcollector the seller that actually
cellphone tell me that this there wasn't
that a lot of 13s ever created this
might be the only like engines might be
an MVP because it is a 13 encore 4 promo
I remember in a recent interview that
when I'm actually admitted that him and
his friends actually evolved in a bunch
of them so maybe there's about like 30
and they play trash dump so maybe about
like 30 or so in existence now I've had
these for eight or nine years personally
I don't think that this prayers were
30,000 it's a beautiful pair but I mean
if people are going to pay that Lee know
that's now but I definitely am paid to
30,000 I paid close to anywhere close to
that so maybe one those yet or no I have
worn once I wore them in a ornament to
dunkey change Las Vegas you know there
wasn't a lot of area support up there I
wonder you know show the barrier or show
Las Vegas that barrier was in town so it
held up completely great for being a
shoe that it hasn't been worn for for
eight years or so so beautiful care love
it so right here we got the PE 5
autographed with the 23 stitch this is
actually my holy girl of the collection
a lot of people would say you know like
45s Eminem's a lot of the oh geez that I
have but no this is definitely takes the
cake
this is a actually searched for a pair
of peas from Jordan the longest time
when I actually got one fortunate that
it was actually autograph I mean just
knowing that this prayer was touched by
the greatest you know
athlete in the world and you know
blessed have a signature on there you
know that's just one of those things
that I could never slowly let you know
that it's not eventually everything will
be sold by this is one pret I know that
probably I can never get rid of what's
one PE that you wish or that you're
trying to get that you don't have
one p that that I've not that I can ever
get my hands on actually is a pair of a
Kobe piece it's actually Jordan P Kobe
George P either the a to the threes
fortunate to see one period person
actually held it in my hand
Draco Asian style out in in project
little a he has a paired so if you ever
want to sell those right hit me a pen
double j JM so cow that's my like one of
my idols two cradles he has you know the
whole whole the Shaq and Kobe P Jordan P
collections though there are some yet
mommy kelp eat recipes from warriors he
had a p8 I think he had a p5 also used
to entire he's worth ice yeah Air France
McHale Petrus he was a you type on the
Warriors a few years ago I don't believe
he's playing anymore but yeah he he was
he got a bunch of good peopie boy he's
from being from Bavaria having somewhere
peaceful grave are we check out some
peas out of my collection we're going to
check out some AG Jordans I have
arranging from one to ten
what did I tell you guys was that not a
great start to the return of crew kicks
or what a big thanks to ace for coming
through and showing us his collection
but like I said we're just getting
started
tune in next Friday for part two of his
collection let me know what you guys
think
did you enjoy aces collection what was
your favorite shoe in his collection so
far thank you guys for watching and
remember we wear our sneakers people I'm
out of here
