I've been good man can't complain we're
breathing right so yeah you know Shawn
down over here let's good with the
glasses
what up welcome back to my daily life of
the area we are back home guys London
was amazing hope you guys enjoyed the
past few days of London vlogs did you
miss me we're back here guys
we're going to the mall according to my
calculations it should be Saturday for
you guys the fight night Mayweather is
Pacquiao the match we've all been
waiting for
I've got my money on the money team like
always money team Mayweather I'm going
to win I mean I'm not gonna win but
Mayweather is gonna win comment down
below who you guys thinks gonna win if
you're watching just before the fight
and
yeah so we're just at the mall I just
got some stuff to return
yeah so check this out guys
on May 16th I'm gonna be doing something
that I've never done before it's not a
show it's not a band we are having the
first-ever QoP slash oat fill launch
party
as you guys know until they got there
stork a word if you
I've been there before and I've logged
there and I've made a monthly pickups
there but the they moved shops to a
bigger shop so what we're doing is to
launch my new
pieces for the dream crew clothing line
and to launch their new pieces for the
unfilled clothing line we're having the
first ever launch party where you guys
had come hang out with me and the rest
of the crew pick up some merchandise
exclusively to the launch and then
whatever is left over from there will be
added to the website drew comm but it's
gonna be in the Bay Area it's gonna be
in Hayward California so start getting
your schedules ready
may 16 are off if you're in the Bay Area
because I don't want to hear any of that
or I couldn't make it because I had work
I need all my barrier your dream crew
members to come through the whole crew
is gonna be there I think Ahmed yg is
gonna be there we're just gonna have a
good time we've got some subscribe
surprises for you guys even if you don't
want to buy anything from the line just
come hang out with us it's gonna have be
free food it's free to get in we're
gonna have a barbecue do some raffles
things like that have a little mini
fashion show so it's going to be dope so
if you're in the Bay Area May 16
in Hayward and I'll give you guys more
details as it gets closer and the
address and all that good stuff so Bay
Area first ever launch party in my home
city well not my home city but my
hometown Bay Area yeah so I'm super
excited about that and I can't wait to
show you guys the new pieces because I
haven't shown you guys the new pieces
there's three new pieces and then we're
also gonna have the regular crew season
shirts there and possibly some snapback
so my battery is flashing that it's
about to die I have not charged my
backpack camera yeah I haven't charged
my camera battery since day three of
London and it's lasted me for this long
now I didn't use it that much the last
few days because I lost the camera
actually as you remember not lost it but
I didn't have it but this man y'all
waiting to see what's in here
and I you will see what's in here by the
end of this vlog now don't skim through
because I mean if you really want to see
and you can't wait and skim through but
you're gonna see what's inside of that
box by the end of this vlog I promise
you that I'm not gonna like cut it off
right before I show you like I'm gonna
do right now
oh shoot the light was green and I made
traffic back up
what's up guys got a good little
basketball session in broke a sweat
honestly I wasn't there for that long
just like an hour but it felt good man
and tomorrow I'll be there at 8:00 a.m.
no I'm gonna wake up at 8:00 a.m. I'm
gonna be at the gym no later than 9
o'clock to be on the grind and new video
tomorrow man I'm just throwing stuff at
you guys new video tomorrow on the main
channel cuz we back in town to the grind
and y'all still waiting to see what's in
that box but guess what you're gonna
find out today all today what's up guys
so we hit the movies right now it's
almost 12 o'clock we're bout to I'm
about to watch Avengers for the second
time we dragged Ashley with us
Dustin's in the house so I get did he's
in here camera yeah haven't seen that so
long yeah
swag it did oh there statically but then
I didn't come these pictures though
it's a pretty it's a prank it's a break
London it's a break ok so we're back to
Cruiser United of course hair's gonna be
the one guy to do it make us all look
bad you have to donate didn't you huh
you have to donate its for like
Children's Hospital ok that's it because
one day my child's may be in the
hospital so it all goes ok dude to be
like anyway we're about to go watch the
movie I'm sneaking in sunflower seeds so
I'm a badass oh it smells
so good but my diet started today so I
gotta be good you know saying
okay wait look what we need to go to
auditorium ten right now we're gonna
watch I'm gonna watch it for the second
time and you guys know how hot it was
today man it was like short weather all
so IgE well how you believe in man the
people want to know how you doing
they've been good man can't complain
we're breathing right so yeah you know
Shawn down over here what's good with
the glasses you're gonna put those into
production you can just raggy dude he's
coming out with his own glasses line so
well young will you cop the that's the
question would you cut someone said I
look like their degree I forgot what
daredevil looks like honestly I think
you look like the Beatles right now you
so much better beat it
okay this looks like the stupidest movie
right here guys I hope nobody is none of
my crew is looking forward to that oh I
need to ask my cousin to give me that
poster my cousin we expect the movies so
he gets me all these posters we're
watching Avengers made you look at this
well both of these movies are here to
attend 10/10 what up y'all so I'm really
proud of myself because I woke up early
and I got on my grind I'm actually
uploading the vlog right now from
yesterday as you guys can see and over
here I'm listening to some music but I'm
working on some merchandise I don't want
to show you guys yet cuz it's not
already but which one should I show you
okay I don't even know if I should show
you guys this all crap should I show you
it's uploading okay
I'm just gonna show that much I'll show
you guys this one the splatter T this is
a spotter T we are making very limited
each one is one of one but very
splattered and then I just did this oh
god I don't know if I should show you
guys so that's all I'm gonna show you
okay that's just a preview of this
spring line those are all gonna be
releasing at the Bay Area party at the
Bay Area launch party so remember guys
make sure you guys come out it's super
hot in here you can see the fans and
there's just so much I want to talk to
you guys about hold on its uncovered
right now I'm gonna show you guys the
box don't worry there's just so much I
want to talk to you guys about and just
keep you updated with what's going on
with GOP people pay paper-boat and I
might have already told you guys but I
just wanna run it off of my head first
things first new video tomorrow
on the main channel I'm actually gonna
film it today I'm gonna prank actually
today again and she doesn't know about
it but obviously but I need to go get
something and then I'm gonna do that
when she comes back she's at school
right now oh I need the text her because
she left her wallet right here
bring me food basically the knee surgery
okay back to the update first things
first
new video tomorrow on the main channel
every single one of you guys I need your
support you guys are the reason why I
bought videos go viral it's up to you if
you guys want to support me I supported
thank you so much a lot Westside for me
I love you guys let me see what she said
she said that for anyway so that's for a
second thing is today is sneaker con in
SF I am there the crew is there except
Harris but we're all gonna be there so
if you're watching this before sneaker
con starts we will be in the house we're
not gonna have a table or anything I'm
just gonna take like a couple of these
shoes that I'm trying so you know like
Oreos and what is it sixth I think next
Wednesday maybe six I could be wrong but
crew kicks returns with a fire episode
we went we got my one of our boys ace is
showing his sneaker collection and it's
gonna be a super dope episode so uh crew
kicks is back new episode of you
Wednesday I'm not gonna miss the episode
for you guys because I love you guys and
I've been slacking on that new vlogs
everyday what else hash is calling me
okay next up let's check out what's in
the damn box finally all right guys here
it is the moment you've all been waiting
oh another thing hold on let's look at
my playoff update okay check it out a
lot of people talk smack to me on my
Instagram saying I don't know basketball
making fun of my bracket that I posted
but let's go ahead and check a little
update here so now my win and loss
columns are off a little bit but as far
as who won
I picked the Warriors to win guess what
they want so I picked the Memphis
Grizzlies to win guess what they want
I picked the Houston Rockets to win
guess what they want I picked the Spurs
to win this game has not been decided
yet because these guys have a game seven
to morrow which is today so we'll find
out who wins from here but so far my
Western Conference I've got every
buddy right moving on bulls and bulls
and bucks
I guess that Bulls would win 4-2 - I got
that right because I was the exact exact
amount of wins or whatever
Cleveland ants and Celtics
I said Cleveland was gonna sweep them I
was right this is the only matchup that
I was wrong on which was Raptors versus
wizards which was a shock to everyone
that Raptors can't even win a goddamn
game but that's the only one that I've
gotten wrong so far this one is to be
determined because this was actually a
shocker I didn't think that's we're
gonna win anything but hawks and nets
still to be determined so as you guys
can see I've only got one X on there huh
isn't that funny
so all the people talking smack I don't
know anyway now let's see what's in the
damn box oh I could tell you how I got
these but then I'd have to kill you so
I'm not gonna tell you how I got these
but just know that I know someone that
knows somebody who knows somebody okay
um I've been hyping up this box for a
minute now you guys have known that when
I had the opportunity to get these I
couldn't pass up on them and it's just
something that's gonna be in my
collection probably forever um I do have
a pair of autographed shoes right here
as you can see this is when I met Kobe
if you remember but then these ones
right here is not from me meeting
anybody this is just autographed by
somebody and somehow they ended up in my
house in my room in my life so I present
to you guys no they're not easy boost
how everyone thinks they are
now you're probably wondering what the
hell those are now they look like Kobe
nines yes they are Kobe nines
and they look like the regular colorway
that came out right no that's when
you're wrong let me do some special let
me tell you guys what these are all
about okay now the colorway of these now
as you can see here now as you can see
here the color on these is different
than the color that came out as you can
see there's a little bit of vault in
there there's a little bit of yellow
there's a little bit of orange black BAM
okay so as you guys can see this is
different from the general released
colorway that came out you can see the
color on the fly net is a little
different it has vault in there instead
of just yellow vault orange and black
and then this whole upper if you
remember this is a different like
metallic upper on there as you can see
so that's different from the general
colorway that came out so I'm just
showing you guys picks up both of them
so you can see and like I said these are
autographed by the man himself mr. 2 for
Kobe Bryant isn't that sexy guys okay so
now different color than it came out
different metallic silver color over
here autographed by the man himself take
that out let's go on in here my friends
I don't know if you could see this but
these are promo samples size 14 ladies
and gentlemen this shoe right here oh
wait for it was made for the man himself
Kobe Bryant this is his size he was
supposed to play in these but
unfortunately he was hurt so he didn't
play in these you know who did play in
these well not this exact shoe but this
exact colorway and this exact size was
swaggy P
he wore those shoes to the debuted the
Kobe nines to my knowledge there's only
three of these samples so I get saggy P
has one or he wore one I have one and I
have no idea where the other one is but
here you guys go
this is what's in the box this is the
reason why I couldn't pass up on these
besides it being Auto actually
autographed by Kobe is the fact that
these were made for Kobe these were
supposed to be his shoes that he was
gonna play in so yeah man I couldn't
pass up on it um I hope you guys are
impressed with what's in the box
I hope you're not disappointed I'm
actually I don't care if you're
impressed I just hope you guys aren't
disappointed because to me this is a gem
this is amazing this is sexy I'm gonna
do this box mystery things a little more
often but I stopped me to finish my
business and get to starting my day it's
about to be noon what up the peoples we
are at Panera Bread right now
the best drink in the world and
obviously I'm trying to eat better so
I'm not eating like fast food and pizzas
and things like that but Canaris not the
healthiest but for me it's like better
than that junk food so he's got a little
penny knee
but I want you guys to help me out you
know I don't really know any health
youtubers fitness health with youtubers
so comment down below if you guys know
any that could help me figure out like a
diet plan and some workouts for weight
loss not like bodybuilding I don't care
about getting ripped right now I just
want to you know cut down the belly and
get some fat off so if you guys know any
youtubers girl or guy youtubers that are
cool with like giving out giving like
let me see that over if you get so many
youtubers who are weight loss and things
like that let me know excuse me someone
sitting in
you look like a painting pen painter
look like a Panera Bread advertisement
Panera Bread
