yeah chain of the colonies due to drop
in lab in Iraq never mind what up guys
what is everybody doing as you can see
i'm filming with my gopro um not my vlog
camera because i don't have it i had
such a good time last night as you guys
can see from the vlog yesterday that i
ended up like not even thinking and I
left my vlog camera in my cousin's car
and I my cousins from Holland we don't
have transportation so I have to take
the tubes we're gonna have to take a
tube and link up with him tomorrow to go
get it but and i really hope i get my
camera back i just want the memory card
honestly like the camera can be replaced
even if even though it's an expensive
camera it can be replaced the footage on
that memory card cannot be replaced so I
want that more than anything so if you
guys did see the video yesterday
yesterday's vlog did that means I did
get it back so we're finally getting out
of bed we asked people where we should
go eat everyone suggested what we were
supposed to have a meetup today but we
canceled it because I guess the malls
closed or something but views from the
London hotel alright guys we finally
found the restaurant well we didn't even
have a tough time finding it we don't
have internet connection we're gonna
cross so we we just use our brains and
we read directions for the first time
and we are here at
nando's nando's what's up Mike we're
here at nandos we are working that Mike
we're gonna see what everyone treated us
and snapped us to come here so we're
gonna see what they're all about
hopefully it's good I hope it's not
Middle Eastern food so I oh yo miracle
alright guys our food is here and it
looked wrong like this whoo I'm waiting
for my corn on the cob because they made
a mistake but so I drove
so I got his spicy chicken I can't
handle spicy food so I keep it plain but
I got my barbecue sauce it's time to go
so that was the best meal we've had in
London it was fire we're gonna for sure
come again before we leave shout out to
NATO's not know nando's my bad honestly
we don't know what we're doing for the
rest of the day go walk around or just
we might try to test out the tube system
here that sounded hella weird okay and
yeah I don't know who will take you guys
with us so so i guess the mall that we
were supposed to have our meet and greet
at was not closed after all so we got
tons of tweets saying it was closed
today but
just came and it literally just songs
just show morrow yeah look look it's
cracking right now like the stores
literally just closed like 30 minutes
ago for the first time I'm trying to get
some pounds you know like a joke is that
a joke it's okay I pay so high to laugh
at my jokes alright guys we got our two
tickets to all day pass all day okay
we're already lost central line this way
back downstairs look at the old
fashioned map that we got here we're now
using any technical 2015 technology solo
right all right here we go getting on
our tube now here's to
another to my
get on the tube we don't know if it's
the right one but Yolo right
brother so I don't know how people are
st. New York City I got to be exited 12
I said we wasted so much money so much
now
all right here we go guys just got
teleflex mixers my mind way to say just
got to the place we needed to beat
lean all these peoples
I really don't know what we got to do
here we don't have some fun popping Oh
all right we just got here guys there's
pretty pop in here they told us to come
here because it's like people hanging
out outside and just dope let's go see
the singing
i shouldn t follow me on instagram Harry
show all that
yeah i'll be out of the calendar these
two teens in lab in Iraq desire a PHP
box you see my honey hi all right guys
as you can see it got kind of dark super
cracking right now this whole areas big
crack it but
that we're going to go back to the hotel
because there's no Wi-Fi out here and
for some reason that we can't live
without Wi-Fi I mean I don't know what
else it feel like to hear if we had a
big group of friends with us so it'll be
cool but it's just being so it's okay
alright this is like heaven right here
guys they don't have just a pizza hit
here they have a pizza hut express where
you can buy by the slice you can't buy
pizza hut by the slice back in the US so
that's the main one and you come over
here and they got pizza hut express so
what's up what's up boss oh you got that
fresh cheese huh thank you for
appreciating how much I've one more sexy
name yes yes shout out to tell me what's
your name you'll be on camera or no no
okay okay you could have an internet
celebrity what's your name going on huh
Omar that's my last name yeah Oh more
from pizza hut found my is clouds are
you like here just keep this involved
preciate you or more right o morning
have a good one see ya bro Oh Marco's
Pizza Hut the next online celebrity
coming soon sea monster actually they
got busted yes we're following you say
what's up to my back
ha
hey guys you're not gonna believe it
Aziz Ansari is about to meet up with us
literally couples like Adele just wait
wait for it hey guys we got the camera
back as you could tell there he is the
future the future hug yeah yeah yeahs
hydrate good doing good yeah you missed
did you miss the people uh definitely
yeah so we were raising we have to see
what's gonna have all of these videos oh
yeah they're going up yeah you're gonna
be a youtube sensation soon hopefully
Tasha Harrison so I out here rapidly
that license plate
LG reppin but up guys so we just left
the Afghan embassy we didn't log in
there much because you know it's like
professional grown man we're not used to
that type of situation are you sitting
like this yeah they were like they talk
like we speak Farsi but our FARC's not
the best so like we have like english
and farsi mixed in together and there's
awkward moments but it was so cool we
got the picture and yeah it was cool but
anyway we're gonna go we got dropped off
to this other area I don't even know the
name of this area but just hop in my car
real quick and I'm gonna dip that's it
you're just messing with a Bentley all
right okay text me um but we hope excuse
me we have I have another meeting that
we're going to do and it
oh yeah I'll come back I'm gonna get a
drink we have another meeting over here
and I'm but I want to go get something
to drink first cuz up my mouth is like
dry and all that stuff so photo guys so
we just left it my business we are
business meeting that we had and now
we're going back to the hotel
meeting was good meeting went great so
we'll see what happens in the future I'm
not going to talk about it too much
like a diamond n roll but anyway we got
to take the underground we're gonna go
back to the hotel and me I fell in love
with the underground because you know
like I told you guys we didn't take it
the first couple days we just started
saying yesterday and it's so easy and it
takes you everywhere so so we're going
to take the underground we're going to
go back to the hotel I'm kind of tired
and then we're going to see what we do
is our last day here so we definitely
want to take advantage but I feel like
we've done
we fit pretty much done everything are
you on the right way we've pretty much
done everything we wanted to do so we're
just going to you know relax hang out
the last day maybe hit them all up again
for the 50th time and so yeah so let's
go ahead and take this underground again
the tube system so we are at the mall
right now taking our last shopping
experience in London why are they
locking that girl and sorry i just
bought me a pair of vans i really like
this color that they do not have in the
state so i had to buy it in here in
London and we're gonna go buy some food
shall we go upstairs hi boys answers yes
what does if you want mcdonalds but if
you want the other restaurants here on
this way they do not have ranch out here
every restaurant when you saw on this
how usually oh yeah this side means so I
keep going on that side and then we look
like anything and the other thing not
allow me in a creative very sure bye i'm
pretty sure naturally wait upstairs so
we were standing on the escalator and
somebody behind me is like can you move
to the right so that people can pass you
up and I didn't know you're supposed to
do that out here stalking you can't wear
your huh she's rocking the edhardy as
you out here then
she's flossing you can't wear your hood
inside of the mall over here because the
security told me to take it off yeah go
upstairs or no go straight right there
you see all these restaurants and you
still is hungry what's up guys so we are
packing up right now so I what's up my a
shout out to the plug try to my cousin
yeah man we just packing it up right now
then we're taking a tube and then we're
getting picked up and as I'm going to
the airport and we're leaving oh wow
it's fucking volcano in my head I had
hella fun we can't wait to come back
hopefully I think we might get invited
soon so we'll see what happens though no
guarantees shout out to him when they
came to the show everybody else that had
to miss it I'm sorry hopefully we can
come out again like I said and trying to
put together a summer tour after Ramadan
so and after july we're trying to work
on a tour it's just that we don't we
don't make the events ourselves but
we're trying to do one where to where we
can go to different cities and we're not
going to hold events we're just going to
hold meet-and-greets that way it's
completely free we'll probably just do
it to meet you guys and probably have
some structures for sale and things like
that so it's just hard because it would
all come out of our pocket so to keep it
100 with you guys so I'm trying to
figure it out maybe we'll do like a
fundraiser if any of you guys would
donate to a fundraiser to raise money
for our tour let me know if you guys
would help out if not i mean i
understand i don't ever like asking you
guys for money or anything like that
i've never done it before but we want to
really go on tour and and go on
different two cities and meet you guys
and you know have a good time so uh yeah
we're figuring out we'll see you guys
when we leave the room alright guys you
are back
waiting all I see my back I think that's
my back waiting for all
yeah I look forward to dated anyway
finally back home feels good feels good
are we hungry looking as a friend they
don't see my vision pictures over change
but I stay on my mission got the same
goal then feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz i smiling the only one and
those ain't laughs in a while come talk
to a wizard and if you went with it well
you can get stepping you could love me
when it's
