when life hands you lemons make lemon
black will be a light what up guys
welcome to day 3 of London as you can
see we are getting ready for today's
event we are a few hours away trying to
debate if I just want to wear this with
my green jacket on top or if i should
wear the KUSI's insurance
my bad you oh so myself in the eye I
meant to do this I don't know why I
would do that I've never in my life but
anyway we're in the backstage will not
backstage with his our little rehearsal
room / dressing room p.m. london taking
care of the crew okay so mean so I go
over our lines right now we're doing in
a musical harmony performance ready yeah
I told you not to start too strong okay
still tell huh yeah I'm not gonna put
this in the book but tone it down g but
I tell you on the fly bro we practice
for 10 are all right everybody we're
currently at the venue we are trying to
get everything set up as you can see all
the homies are helping everything yes
all means we got Keiss over here setting
up all the all the music and audio for
our skit we got a half-game voice in the
house as well shout out to them as you
can take a look at the venue it's
freakin nice got two levels you got the
VIP seating right here VIP seating is
going to be the people who get to meet
us after the show sub you guys want to
say something to the v log so what you
got to say might not watch me not much
Mike hey guys what you what you got to
say Mike I'm gonna say that we are for
the world taekwondo federation okay my
french kid okay my hot chocolate
alright alright well you heard it from
them twice window getting ready so prob
like an hour away from the skit um kind
of nervous you know you always get
nervous before performing in front of
lots of people it's not your average
hello shakeela it's not your average
high school presentation where you're
presenting in front of 20 people so you
never know what to expect so hopefully
it goes good and hopefully we do well so
you guys should see the video and then
vela hopefully this oh there he is the
man what's up brother I did yeah we're
just waiting so we can get the first
presentation set up song oh you guys you
guys are excited here I'm excited so
today we're here here was hi sub are
these our DJ for tonight I hope I do
it's a good but it's not a DG just
helping with their you'll do good song
video and let's help you take a good
memory from here oh yeah of course I'm
excited this Triple H trouble I just
making his way to the building
WrestleMania this is crazy Triple H oh
my god he's in Triple H's here this is
in the building oh my god oh my god the
probable oh my god oh my god
this is our life alright guys so we are
getting ready for the show right now
that's about to start they're on a break
so all the show starter but our
performance is about to start
what oh my god oh my god we just got a
short break now yes you guys later so
you take selfies do what everyone that's
don't drop it okay please thank you and
it's already recording so if you get
tired that's it i'm just press it now
you can sit down I almost forgot another
thing you got a name five people from
the crew you ready go ahead don't see me
there there you go even though Thank You
Man thank you for walking the dog and
I'm looking good let me see that let me
see the one side was I say crew TV okay
100 and it was it and you have to sign
that that Oh
make some noise about you are you now
you can say here's the thing about he
will be above as if you watch this over
time you some new faces and one of the
rules is your first video you have to
play a girl they can watch the videos
through the years you'll notice the
little also I was an exception cuz he's
been there since the beginning but if
you watch it hair is played a girl one
of its first videos so I give any plea
to grow one of his first videos it
recently does template a girl
your horn part of the crew for being
here I don't I've never had I never had
12 of them everybody it's okay my
favorite kanye west album is beautiful
dark twisted fantasy but my favorite
kanye west song is on his first album is
called last call sexy face from twenty
faces it's an emoji oh he went on London
I could give a while I did I got this
with my baby show modern family is a
recording the camera
when life hands you lemons make lemon
black will be all right so I anyone the
rest of the crew all right so we were
saving this to the end we were going to
say this is the end we did the last day
but everybody please make some noise for
the rest of the crew I make prank videos
yeah London line okay literally look
literally performing in London with the
London
did not snow but now try to go home I
need 11 wife I didn't even know my
brother-in-law man that was so fine that
was so so so fun honestly it was such an
intimate and personal crap I love this
so much does uh I gotta say it was
amazing man hey Soto everybody was cool
you know good vibes i miss my shots
every when they came we're about to
change I'm gonna change every changing
who's gonna win tragic and then we're
gonna go do the meet and greet and all
that stuff good job with the music but I
love everybody thank you I'm about to
sign the shirts right now that he's
dudes many people oh and kind of swine
in the backbone oh nice yeah you part of
the crew all right open the homeless you
can follow us on Instagram when YouTube
you help people out homeless people out
to driggs anything just for the worst
cha cha yeah check out yeah he had a
crew shirt that was autograph before he
even came like I don't know what's going
on here hey what's up man you love you
struggle of the iris tanabe they go he's
awesome
he asked me to pull out the camera so
here we go you got any uh anything else
not really did you like the show yeah
was awesome hey come on in the picture
by oh this guy right here ask me the
craziest questions he asked me if I'd
rather have my feet on my head or my
hair in my mind reading it Altimus yeah
Oh money goes on our theme yes he will
be over school sometimes can be ever in
the six cooking with grease motion hey
hi guys i got a gift this is super dope
check this out hey whatever guys i'm
wearing uh I someone messed up on
YouTube it wasn't like so what is it hey
you watch the only one they don't know
hairy stinky people on an Instagram y
double oh seven days this man w-wait oh
yeah shimmy can be here so hats off
looking something like those who are
your biggest fan thank you man oh man
you guys with the first one day were the
first ones here man shut up and give me
up there two hours cuz i love you
getting right what is up what's up a
when I presenting QB yes sunday no fun
oh yeah only what makes great this cute
I just show ended i'll be with my fam
right now so shut up yeah give them give
us up what do you want you guys oh hey
there ya
I'm gonna do a real rap later we're
still be Rudd this is alex hellicksen up
yo so we have two stupid allows right
now got to a new one nutella crepe right
now look at this what do you want got my
fam with me right now I don't know if
y'all can hear me but we having a good
time living life
it's a video
what up guys so we just left this allows
I don't know what it's called but we I
had the time of my life man I got to
spend time with my family from out here
had a great time at the show so shots of
my family everyone's tired are you
single you looking for a wife haha oh
it's me up always I got you but if you
want him let me know I'll if you can
email you and set him up with him then
we got sort out over here are you single
too oh no no no no he's not single so
hygiene you wanna wife hi I'm gonna be
good okay I'm enjoying my life but
anyway we go back to the hotel we had a
great night so much fun hey did you guys
have fun but yeah man great night um I
have so much fun today but I'm ready to
go home and go to sleep and not wake up
until like hey oh baby yeah I have to
knock out you already yeah yeah I was
running through the stakes with my I was
ready to the sick with my world yeah it
was better than first time but it was so
good looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures over change but I
still my mission got the same goal been
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one then those ain't
lives in a
I'm talk to a whiz
