do you guys have rifles I have a list
that I haven't told anybody about but
it's people that are youtubers and I
want to pass them up so yo what up guys
welcome to day two of London we're
currently in our hotel lobby living life
waiting for our uber driver Reza we've
got a great day planned for you guys
we're going to go some sightseeing we're
gonna go ahead of nike we got a radio
interview later today so get ready for
London day too so this is the scene of
the crash from yesterday okay guys we
are here in these London streets it's so
dope like we got to do a photo shoot in
this little Sally wait for sure we're
gonna do one all right nike lab fry this
is sickest book yo yo here in nike love
London yeah this is sick dude
so we out here nike laughs this is crazy
so what's the trip without guys when
we're buying some shoes left there he
goes again you got stinky lavy some
london exclusive i'll show you guys what
we get to the most probably gonna be on
the next season of crew kicks it dummy
london my she is yeah so we ended up at
this restaurant called all star lanes to
be honest all the reason I wanted to
stay because our waitress is pretty cute
anyway shoutout to London because they
only have bottled coke so we appreciate
that no Noah plastic bottles glass
bottles on deck the struggle is real out
here trying to get some Wi-Fi wait a
minute BAM Bam's realize I got so high
asking me about the cove of the laughs I
got big bend over here we got the
london on right there got a taxi driver
right here so we told our uber driver to
take us to the london bridge and he took
us to this heist on is looking like the
golden gate bridge and i thought that
that bridge which is what was the name
of that one tampers i thought the other
bridges the london bridge you would just
assume that because that one looks
inside be better london bridge right
here getting closer to the Tower Bridge
gonna take up we gonna walk on it for
sure we're actually going to walk on it
as it goes up as well yeah we're
portable when it comes to like knowing a
historical buildings and bridges and
things like that so if I get anything
wrong please don't kill me let me say
something then
so we both have a cheesy moment right
now but sometimes you just gotta have a
man you see this nothing my us being
here it's all because we follow our
dreams because QoP you'll be brought us
here who would have thought making
videos who would have thought making
videos would bring us here man this is
crazy we would adopt making videos and
post them and posting them on the
internet would take us across the world
man I said that's a so I and saw war
when we were in Toronto like four years
ago and we went to London we went to New
York VA keep chasing your drinks okay
and we just getting started baby we come
into a country near you a city near you
bookstore near you a rina near you it's
a dream crew crew season there you go
baby London boy add that to the list
taxis rolls-royce taxi right now see the
movie four seater super dope feel like
you've been spending too much i think is
really kind of channels there are other
panels and if you guys want a free uber
ride use my promo code will get you a
free movie ride up to 20 bucks it's uber
QoP so when you guys use it you get a
free ride and I going up this is the
world's biggest sculpture right here we
got the past that we could come for a
whole year for no reason week ago we're
gonna take an elevator up and we're
gonna walk down swerve in all right guys
look at this can you see it from there
yeah look like watch it on the camera
what one of these the right way up but
in the visa program
well you tripping me out a night here no
yeah hold on one of us stands right here
yeah soooo what what the hell yeah so I
stay right there oh my god yeah yeah
yeah so high scared guys oh crap I
didn't know that you can see like under
you just too late to turn back now go go
go there's nothing that I haven't you
know many people have done this I gotta
get this on the snapper oh hey whoa this
is so dope yo guys so we came back to
the mall because we wanted to get them
uh I needed to get a jacket for today
and tomorrow and so I needed a shirt for
the show tomorrow and craziest thing man
I was at topshop about to pay I just see
Jill Weller walk by me he's another
youtuber he did the doing wrestling
moves on his girlfriend in the pool if
you guys have seen that and the funny
thing is Joe welders like my favorite
youtuber right now and the way that I
found him I actually told him this right
now I didn't blog or anything but I told
him about my channel but i told him that
i found his videos because i made a WWE
frank and everybody commented on the WWE
prank thing that i copied them so he had
done one like three weeks before me that
i had never seen so everyone commented
like yo you copy Joe Weller so I looked
at I went to his channel and I watched
it and I started watching all his videos
i started watching all his vlogs and not
just fell in love with this channel so I
pretty much told him that super cool
dude took a picture with them so now I'm
here for six days so hopefully he hits
me up maybe we could collapse I'll be
dope as fuck man anyway um we're at
forever 21 right now so
turn around and I'm talking to I send
this to my mom oh really yeah I send it
to my mom yeah it so that I make a vlog
the journey to find my wife oh my mother
in America overnight in America in
London London London echo hey guys just
did the picture with a random guy ever I
had no clue he was I thought he was
asking guys to take a picture and I was
confused but you seen this video though
yeah I didn't know he was based in this
video but happy on that YouTube like
watching you fill me what about so about
to do this radio interview right now
trick that little things right now shut
up to the homie hi you want to give them
the real isomer here in our studio today
and we're actually the first Afghan
radio the whole London Afghan voice tour
oh don't UK and they can go into the
website download the app and then find
those everywhere on Facebook yeah sweet
so but to do this interview so we'll see
how it goes but welcome guys Omar and so
he Aziz so we will start with pies how
are you I'm good I'm good man loving
London it's amazing and yeah just happy
to be out here so hey how about you
doing Willman really well luckily you
guys like it luckily luckily we didn't
get the jet lag so we were kind of
blessed on that part what was the first
thing you guys know it tastes like oh my
god this is in England Northern State so
the driver opposite sides definitely
really man everybody we talked to keep
saying oh we they say to us we love your
guys accents I'm like what I don't have
it at Yale I like your accident but
there's a site no no we like your
American accent I'm like I didn't even
know those it you know how do you guys
start whatever it is I de Kamp let's
become youtubers let's do this comedy
stuff well for me actually for both of
us like we started making videos before
YouTube was even out my dad let me play
with this camera when I was younger way
younger like elementary school and from
there we would make little home videos
and we would only shy would only show it
to my grandparents and my mom said
during family parties and then after
that as I got a little bit older my
and that's when I start hanging out with
more of my friends and we started making
music videos and little parodies classic
video yeah like on those big VHS it's
not even digit or anything yet and we
would make those in to show it to our
friends and then in 2007 during my high
school year um one of my I think it was
saw his brother his older brother
actually it's like hey why don't you put
your videos on the internet and this
YouTube website and I was like know how
to 12 and then he's like I just try it
and then we tried it and we uploaded a
Afghan fight for the dinner bill and we
probably got like 400 500 views and we
were like oh my god this is amazing this
is crazy and that actually that's how it
started and it we never really took it
serious until maybe like four years
after that which was like 2011-12 yeah
so but that's how basically we got
started so it wasn't we didn't just
start making these videos because we
want it to be YouTube stores we didn't
do it because of that we did it because
we would make these videos and we just
wanted to show it just happened hey I
mean yeah I mean especially with the
first video you'd see the comments on
the first video and yeah there'd be
people like dying of laughter and
telling us make more and make more and
when you see those type of things you're
just like you know pushes you like all
right let's do it let's make more for
these people so and no one else out no
one else was doing it at the time yeah
it was there was you guys know each
other before yeah I crisis crisis at the
hospital when I was born so that pretty
much explains it okay yeah our families
knew each other his pit by his mom and
my mom were friends that's how we know
each other and so yeah for you guys tice
is basically from VHS days you're likely
do you guys see this is a good carrier
to continue and actually become like you
guys already got lots of fans but like
proper world famous on be who stays I
think so um I definitely want to grow
that's my biggest goal I feel like I'm
nothing right now I feel like that's
just I mean I love my supporters I love
everyone who watches my videos but I
feel like I'm just getting started even
though it's been seven years because you
know some people take like one of my
favorite people artist is Kanye West and
it took him 10 years to get his label
his record deal with
the is with jay-z um so for me I I
always based it off of that I'm in my
eighth year I still got two years until
i go with the I mean catch up with the
person who I get inspired by so for me I
think yeah I mean I want to grow bigger
and I think that this could take us to
another level and are my main goal and i
also want to saw bills is to definitely
be an actor yeah so if this can take us
to that level i'm not going to stop
until I get what I want because I love
to chase my dream and I want to inspire
the people's to do the same it opens up
a lot of doors for you this stuff that
we're doing I mean I've met a lot of you
know big people even one from a London
Aamir Khan you know that he's a boxer
it's funny I was a fan of Aamir Khan
big-time fan of him and for him to you
know contact me and you know asked me to
help him with his videos and telling us
that his nephews and his nieces or art
fans was just crazy you know it's just
out of this world unbelievable so I mean
and he's been telling he's helping us to
you wants to post our videos and stuff
like that so do you guys have rifles do
we have rivals no I don't have rivals
but I have people who I'm trying to pass
up I have a list that I haven't told
anybody about but it's people that are
youtubers and I want to I don't want to
you know put them out of their careers
but I want to pass them up so it's just
motivation for me to work harder and get
to their low hello T competition yeah
healthy competition definitely I'm
friends with all of them so how hard it
is to wake up every day and push
yourself to get work done this is a very
inspirational question so who will saw
with that one sucky um I mean for me I
YouTube is not the only thing that I do
so I mean I work at a dealership and to
work at a dealership you need to put in
ridiculous hours so I mean it's hard
sometimes to to wake up in the morning
and have the same energy that you have
every day but i mean like i said it ties
back to living with my mom me and my mom
live alone so um she doesn't work so I'm
the one supporting her so I mean I have
to wake up every day and I have to get
my butt up off that bed and I have to go
to work I have to get some money and
have to make sure that she has a plate
of food on the table every night so
that's kind of where it goes for me how
about you
with me man it's it's it gets difficult
at times with YouTube because you know
you have to be consistent like I said
earlier and you have to put out great
content in order to keep your supporters
happy so um what motivates me I mean
it's just you know getting these
opportunities and knowing that I reached
out to so many people over the past few
years so that's really the main thing
when I get out of bed is either I could
be lazy or I could be going out there
and putting smile on people's faces or
if I am lazy you know someone else can
come into that what I'm doing and take
my spot so that's manually one of the
biggest motivations for me and on top of
that is definitely you know trying to
make my family proud of me and trying to
give back to my mom and dad the way
they've always supported me you know
everyone listening and if you have any
dreams like I was telling so night
earlier we were walking around looking
at all the monuments and all the tourist
spots and like it was if it wasn't first
uploading a video first video onto
youtube we wouldn't be here you know
some people take it for granted but I
just want everyone to know you gotta
appreciate everything and if you really
work hard and chase your dream anything
is possible like I would have never
thought I'd be at coming and performing
out here so I want you guys about to say
something that should be a sort of
London bayonets cheers Mike Cheers night
cheers any yours literally literally I'm
literally in this radio interview I love
it Cheers message is religious so for
now goodbye have a good evening but a
few and see you guys tomorrow then thank
you all for coming and listening thank
you for everyone listen a shout out to
my dream crew i love you guys and I will
see you tomorrow to all my London people
vampy the food but uh guys so we bout to
caught one act we're not going to call
it a night but we're going to end the
vlog here because we're gonna start
practicing for the show tomorrow and we
gonna go warm up this pizza pizza why
don't you see is she
HD lighting on here there you go look at
me go warm that shit up the reason why i
haven't uploaded a blog until these days
is because i might our Wi-Fi is horrible
like I tried to upload the vlog at night
i joined upload the vlog the first day
and it was just like it said that it
would take 500 minutes so I you know I
don't have five minute hundred minutes
you know I'm saying so so I got any last
words to say nah my tire like I bloody
tired all right guys we talk to you guys
tomorrow with the event vlog room
looking as a friend they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz i
smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while I'm talk to a wizard
and if you ain't with it well you can
get stepping you could love me when it
easy when it's not good stepping it'll
come
