know why it's mas trillion but could it
London Jia bring the London oil and get
the memo
what up guys so we just arrived at I was
with the say lax SF o we out of here
baby
Keanu T we have six straight days of
vlogs of me in so high in London or you
guys ready for this it's gonna be epic
crazy you don't even know what we're
gonna do when we get there and come back
with some accents yeah yeah Mon give
them your your sample version about why
it's Moss trillion but cool to London
Jay bring the London oil and get the
memo anyway we bout to check in right
now shout out to British Airways and M
in London we'll see you soon
you guys are gonna be going with us oh
sure - we just hit 50,000 subscribers on
this channel crew TV so shout out to
everybody I was supposed to show you
guys what's in that box but
unfortunately we were rushing and I
wasn't able to so you won't be able to
see what's in the box until I get back
home next week please please please pray
that our plane gets to London and
doesn't end up missing yeah there's a
lot of weird things going on in the news
so that's none of my business well it
will be my business if I'm missing and
you guys won't be able to see this
though we in London might finally made
it y'all after 10 hours of sitting in
the chair what we stood up a few times
but we mean we had a party on the plane
yet we did have a party on the plane be
our snapchat I didn't vlog on there
because my vlog camera was in a luggage
compartment thingy but we finally made
it to London we are here everyone is
quiet and cranky I don't know but we are
finally here about to go get our bags go
through customs and yeah man get this
trip started it still hasn't hit me hit
you
oh man even love them
does not feel like it but once we get a
whiff of the air and then things will
start getting pop it okay
and we can start getting our accents
into you guys so I was confused he still
thinks he's in Australia but he's
tweeting means now checking me saying
that they do say might out here so I'm
going to stick with it do that all right
do they make you win Oh guys you just
got to the hotel but I go check inform
room so let's go take a look at what we
were doing we're presidential only oh
look there's an ironing room that's so
crazy I've never seen this thing this is
the ironing room a room special made for
coming and ironing what the super dope
I'll shoot a video in there are hotels
in the area to where the Olympics work
back in 2012 so they're all that Olympic
arenas are out around here you're edgy
because your luggage is there from like
90,000 for it I feel like these are bunk
beds or something Dan these are pretty
small but this is cool you know I got a
little off the dam HDTV on deck the TV's
the same size is the bed finally man
after 10 hours of hecticness in the
plane finally made it to the room
burning up turn on the light in here I
think it's a tendon power one what the
hell oh I didn't get to put your card it
ya know what's a fun I've never seen
that alright guys so look outside of our
window I just looked randomly and look
at this
I guess this car crash makes me not want
to get into this car out here how did
they manage to do that we finally got
out of our rooms and we're going to
explore some of downtown we're going to
the Westfield Mall I have no idea we're
still highway oh there it is we're doing
a show over here we make youtube videos
really yeah so right now we're going to
our the Westfield Mall is who does here
yeah how far is it it's a walking
distance it's okay Josh
what's your name about to do huh
ba ba ba ba - ba ba - the on camera you
will be on camera no you don't be on
camera okay okay shut up about see
though the homies taking us to the mall
he said I was walking distance but he
called Maya who works I got somewhere to
be
yeah you know so how was your day sir
have you ever been to America I'll be
alive girlfriends in Maryland you have
girlfriends no girlfriend in Maryland
did you think it was weird when you went
then you saw people driving on the other
side I'm not so fast because that man
did it okay yeah we were we were it was
weird to us today we found damn bread
this is like the Las Vegas Strip or
something like oh you're making friends
uber friends some guy tried to sell so I
gue Qi wash and you then he said you
gotta sell to him because he's from
California hi guys were over here at
Totman shop and ran into some homies all
right that's it that's we actually y'all
gonna get louder than that oh yeah
alright we'll shout out to them they
watch the videos so yeah alright catch
you soon
this is a joke that's you bruh that's
you come out we'll get your entrance
with the Undertaker music we finally
found Nike London first of all one of
the Nikes
and now we're going to walk around and
see what they got kopi stuff I'm super
excited because Avengers is already out
in theaters here so we get to watch it
before all you Americans do on may 2nd
or 3rd whenever it's um first first so
I'm super excited we're gonna go watch
it right now
I'm gonna vlog the whole movie for you
guys I'm a leak it so Marvel and Disney
f you guys I guess we're in the theater
right now we gotta film that look read
this please the back seat any reserved
VIP no yes that's the only for us nobody
else in the theater did look in my eyes
I was like 429 won didn't we don't know
what these equal out to okay we were
really confused about these like why two
cents anything why why but I look at my
eyes like this
anyway if the IPE reserved like it's a
back theater but oh shit if you're not
on those the super packed Avengers I
think this is the first day I came out
I'm not sure honestly alright guys so we
just got done watching Avengers 2 it was
freaking amazing I can't lie I did fall
asleep at times because
your boy has not left no everything's
closed the malls closed but I mean I got
the whole story that last hour of the
movie was freaking crazy and amazing
maybe it's because I went to New York
what you think the movie liked it Oh to
be honest with you I fell asleep for
about 45 minutes but the last hour was
well worth it yeah it's crazy
and then stay after the credits and then
stay after the after credits but it was
freaking dope man so uh happy I was
there possibly before I'm gonna watch it
again for sure when I get back home and
because I make up for the parts where I
fell asleep but he's I mean you can't
miss that I can't miss the bedroom so we
gotta watch that shit anyway we're
walking back to our hotel we gotta buy
an adapter for the plug because then my
vlog camera will be dead for the whole
day and all that stuff yeah I think
we're like we have like the 10 minute
walk this is not even compared to
Toronto and we went to trial have the
red Harris walked in the shorts to the
guests yeah this is a sick ass picture
we all right we're gonna have a photo
shoot by off all right guys finally but
I call it a night he's super tired right
now we're watching what the but we're
trying to watch NBA we can't watch NBA
playoffs if anybody knows how we can
watch NBA playoffs in London let us know
what channel it's on or what's going on
but all right guys well hope you enjoyed
that first half day of London we'll see
you guys again tomorrow with another
vlog and yeah the two men take it easy
to see you looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same go
then feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life
you don't know what I feel like got a
lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those I ain't laughs in
a while come talk to a wizard and if you
ain't with it well you can get to
steppin you can love me when it's easy
when it's not you get to step in
