we are super close to 50,000 subscribers
on crew TV now I downloaded it last
night I've been listening to it non-stop
anyway it feels good to vlog again I
haven't vlogged in three days while I
did vlog but I deleted the footage
because I didn't like it and I hated it
but it feels good to be back in front of
the camera for you guys I missed you
guys I don't know if you missed me or
not but I love you guys and I miss you
guys going to a meeting right now and
then after that meeting I'm going to the
mall because I got to get some fits for
London cuz I leave to London tomorrow
which is today's today's Tuesday at the
tomorrow's Wednesday so while you're
probably watching this I'm on a 10-hour
flight to London
woe for me man I appreciate every single
second of my career and every single
opportunity I get so when the London
happened that I'm some kind of sick so
sorry if i mucus is coming out of my
system but I'm super blessed and super
excited to get this opportunity and I
can't I've never been so excited to get
on a stage and just kill it I cannot
wait but yeah man super excited gonna go
get some Fitz and I'll see you guys well
I don't know if I'm gonna vlog at their
meeting but I'll see you guys at the
mall worst case yeah I'm sayin so I just
got to the mall I'm at Valley Fair which
is in Santa Clara and I told you guys
this before I think I tell you every
time I vlog when I'm here but I used to
work here if I had my first job here at
Express I worked for like four years
there I became a manager it was pretty
tight and then I quit I actually quit to
work for Google and I worked for Google
for like six months and when I quit
Google I moved to LA and then I moved to
LA for four or five months and then I
moved back to the bay worked at Nike and
then I quit Nike and moved back to LA
that's when I moved in with Yousef I
lived with Yousef for about a year and
then our lease ended and that's when I
decided to come back home so yeah I'm
not gonna get into
that does not what he told you guys why
I moved back to the bay it's just
because of family and just I don't know
I just didn't like the LA lifestyle not
saying I wouldn't moved there again
though because that's where the Hustle
is so alright thank God Paxton was open
because I thought it was under
construction maybe it should
but it was still open and I got a
button-up shirt short sleeves and I'm
gonna wear it like under a hoodie and
then I got like an extended long sleeve
tee that I'm gonna wear like under my
hoodie suit because I hear it's cold out
there let me know how the wet will by
the time you guys watch this I'll be
gone so although would it be packed but
I'm hearing it's cold out there in
London so yeah I guess I'm gonna go to
Foot Locker eat something because I
haven't ate all day and then there's not
really any other stores out here
actually leaving the mall another
successful shopping trip and I'm gonna
show you guys what I got right now
because I know that I'll forget to do it
when I get home I got this short sleeve
it's pretty dope this long-sleeve
extended shirt so I packed my gym bag
but I don't know if I'm gonna go but
these shirts right here need to be done
so I can't tell you but these are all
plain and just wait on these that's all
I'm gonna say okay so I actually
recorded this I talked about how I got
my windows tinted in a vlog that I never
posted because I just didn't want to
post it that day but I got my windows
tinted and this is 30% this isn't legal
it's 10% or under I guess I don't know
but I got pulled over that like five
minutes after I shot that vlog of me
saying that look I got my windows tinted
and I also didn't have my license plates
on a year I didn't have my license plate
it's been almost a year since i got this
car i didn't put them on so i got pulled
over for that and then he let the tint
slide he said get it fixed
i'm thinking about it but i did put my
license plate on finally and if you
remember the other vlog and got my tire
fixed i had a nail in my tire so I
replaced my tire and then the biggest
crap out of them all BAM I don't know if
you guys can see it
come on wait for it there look at that
see that crack it went all the way from
there to here you can see it right there
you see that probably we do that after
London I'm so ugly that it has to be
blurry and I'm fat I know I'm fat okay
guys I'm lagging I'm gonna get in the
gym starting okay I'm not gonna make any
promises are mine why am I still blurry
this is pissing me off but I need to get
closer than you oh there we go target
but just know I've been going my loyalty
is always there right now but if you're
watching this I'm at target for one
reason never mind guys they don't have
the reason I came here I came to get the
hard copy of if you're reading this it's
too late but they don't have it it was
supposed to come out today but they
don't have it I'm really disappointed
now okay I got my essentials for the
trip you know what I'm saying some
shampoo some soap some body lotion some
goodies ear cleaners what it's called
q-tips I'm tripping right now the boil
it up a little beep rat bag say you
might have seen Mike I'm just kidding
but he gave me a free bag anyway to go
start packing
so it's cleaning up before I start
packing and I forgot all about these
look these are like sleeves just cut
sleeves just cut sleeves tons of cut
sleeves so if you guys need some cut
sleeves let me know because I'm selling
these cut sleeves for $300 each from the
new merch were makin we cut the sleeves
off some hoodies so just wait on it we
come in for that top spot baby we are
super close to 50,000 subscribers on
Crew TV and guess what you guys are
super close to seeing what's in this box
now unfortunately I might be in London
when it hits 50,000 subscribers
so what I'm thinking about doing is yeah
man 50,000 subscribers and y'all get to
see what's under here maybe I'll show
you this little no no you ain't get no
preview whip it guys with it ready wow
so this is the shirt I bought today let
me know what y'all think oh look at the
zip zips on here zipper zips actually
like it with the sweat pants I think it
looks so okay and then this is the other
shirt I bought now I would never wear
this by itself you can see it's a very
long extended team I'm gonna show you
how it would layer it right now because
look this is just like I don't have the
body for this right here this is like
motive right here shadows in my hips I
sweat okay so this is exactly how I
would layer it just like a crewneck or a
hoodie and just let the shirt dangle out
you know I'm saying and a lot of you
guys are gonna hate me right now you
guys are gonna hate me because I've been
hyping this sweater up for a minute now
like a good month or two but I'm not
gonna produce these we're not gonna be
making these this was just a sample I
wanted to see how you guys would react
to it a lot of you guys loved it a lot
of you guys have been asking for it but
my personal decision I decided to not
make these right now because of just
it's not winter anymore and I'm
producing just the hoodies with the
short sleeve hoodies for the spring
summer time maybe I'm gonna bring these
out in the winter time but right now I'm
just keeping this this is a 1 of 1 and
plus it was you know I mean it's dope
you know but I don't know it was just my
personal decision you guys are probably
gonna chew me up in the comments but hey
I've already made my mind up I've
already went forward and got the other
hoodies so far so I'm sorry guys
ok so I'm at the hardest part of packing
which is trying to decide what sneakers
I want to take for sure 100% I'm taking
my breads my Lance mountain breads
because this just goes with everything
so those are for sure now I'm really
debating if I want to take these if I do
take these these are gonna be the shoes
that I perform in I always try to
because I'm a big sneaker head you know
and something important to me is always
a nice pair of shoes on or a doe pair of
shoes on when I performed because to me
performing is like the way it would be
for an NBA player like if I was in the
NBA I would always try to have the
dopest kicks on court so when I'm on
stage I always have tried to have the
dopest kicks on stage so I want to wear
these on stage in London I'm thinking
about it but the only reason I don't
want to wear them is because these are
the Georgetown 11 lows I've been to the
Georgetown Nike and they have the
high-top version of these on display and
that's why I really love this colorway
it really when I wear these I feel like
I'm repping the whole DC Georgetown the
VA area because I just love that place I
love the people they're always
supporting me out there so all my people
from out there I love you guys so I'm
thinking to save these for when I have a
show out there later this year yes I'm
gonna have a show out there later this
year I don't have info on it yet it's
just in the making but I'm thinking
about saving these for then and yeah
because I got something special planned
with these on stage you know I might
just take them off and give them away
but but yeah so I'm debating I'm
thinking I'm just gonna hold off and
save them I'm gonna wear them obviously
I'm not gonna not not wear them until
then but I'm just saying I'm gonna save
them and not wear them in London I think
I just made my decision while recording
this so oh yeah so I pretty much packed
everything except socks I didn't show
you guys what I packed because I'm gonna
show you when I get there each day and
wear it like my London fits for everyday
breads that I'm after for let's not talk
about that you guys might be sensitive
you know I'm saying these are the only
two shirts that I'm really paranoid
about losing so they're going on my
carry-on it's my yeezus a Las Vegas
shirt and my if you're reading this
Drake shirt so I'm really paranoid and I
always take my hats on my carry ons
because I get paranoid about these -
other than that just need to put my
essentials like all this crap that I've
often targeted like my you know gum so
all that all that needs to go into the
little bag and then I'm not showing you
me because I'm naked that's what I'm
wearing on the plane watching the game
all y'all aim swang whip-it what
Benihana is yes so we decided to come to
Benihana because we've been wanting to
come for months now and we haven't came
in a while so we came to Benihana
because I'm not gonna see here for like
a good week
so we out here reservations Benihana
time
okay looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you'll know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
