they're really trying to restrict me
from balling on everybody like which are
excited for me picking your nose
what up guys check right now BAM in
California yeah we're ever gonna come
here again the penny way I got way more
luggage than I need to be carrying for
this trip I hey you the guy from
Craigslist that these are right yeah
how much 15 an hour so we stopped at
this form a five-star restaurant that
everyone's been telling us to come to
great reviews on Yelp definitely I'll
put the address down below if any of you
guys want to finish it up here in this
area
it's called Panda Express so yeah super
hard to find Panda Express you guys
should check it out
burning so we chillin right now on the
beach relaxing with the instagramming
chatter it was good bro without you my
friend we just enjoy our last day in LA
you know reminiscing on the times when I
used to live out here and I used to run
on the beach four times a week
what okay we all know your line three
times in my seven months of living out
here I ran on the beach better than
nothing you know what I'm saying are you
about to go see how cold this water is
it is too cold man look at that girl do
it is to go hey bro where you going it's
been a long day without you my friend
all right all right guys we left the
beach and we got a special guest guys
he's here from New Zealand everybody
make some noise for
the great anyway if you guys remember
Jamie he made his QP debut in the movie
theater video we made so John said Jamie
he's still waiting for your check
already got my check okay you gotta show
them the wrist motion the cooking with
the wrist
that's the best actually show them the
wrist motion so we got done eating some
dope-ass burgers now we are currently
walking on the third the pier on the
pier I really want to do the basketball
thing so we might not win the thing but
I'm challenging you calling you out yeah
what a challenge Phil out of everybody I
don't know we're filling this you know
feel alright I got introduced to crew
members together right now
I've been chef curry with the pot boy yo
what is this man we come to the
basketball thing and this thing is
closed like they're really trying to
restrict me from balling on everybody
like you're excited for me picking your
nose
football is like you can do whatever you
want you know they don't know that I was
on SportsCenter they need to respect me
Good Morning America
the three mother is closed
fathers not life oh this my boy Jamie
introducing to people right here this is
my boy Jamie hey you guys want to shoot
it's free ball is life so they can't say
anything okay first down if she makes it
I'm gonna be hella proud me Steph Curry
with shot big guy so we found this
smaller hoop they'll be about the ball
out yeah set the outfit there we go guys
Johnny
straight out of American high school
basketball team reincarnation how long
has it been since you shot a ball I'm
leaving Santa Monica I'm never coming
again
come on you get a blow-up ball to make
this Phil how you feeling going into
this I don't like these games you want
to go next
there you go I only play indoors you
know I could do it wow he's scared
Oh
goddamnit I should have known this guy
shoots from half-court is he going away
with the Iron Man
you're gonna do it Jamie you didn't
stretch right okay so we're all equals
here today guys so maybe next time on
the real court right on the real court
all right guys Santa Monica it's been
real LA it's been real this time to head
towards the airport but we had an
amazing weekend for cello is dope as
hell you've almost it you hit my camera
right now
go ahead Sean show me or show me your
newfound career with the volleyball
oh no give up 100 right now G make
history so give him a 100 come on don't
be shy the best place to find a helping
hand is at the end of your arm
so we're now officially leaving Santa
Monica beach good job maybe on this card
my
there was an amazing trip in amazing
five days but it's going to be us going
back to reality right well her she has
to go back to school yeah I gotta go
back
so we are thought over so we are at LAX
right now but of the eve of I got
delayed 20 minutes but it's all good
people looking at me around our vlog but
hey it's 2015 you know people document
their lives anyway we'll see you guys
back home when we get to the bay and if
I don't because I'm too tired to drive
when I get home I love you guys I'm
beloved coming in the mail gonna open
them hope a bullet check again and go
tell it but no guys as you can see I'm
back home in the Bay Area because you
see them red beautiful seat so you know
I'm saying right I thought there was
somebody back there it feels good to be
back home hope you guys enjoyed the
Coachella flog hope you guys enjoyed the
Disneyland's log the disney like vol the
leave the disneyland trip was actually
before Coachella but I wanted to release
Coachella first because I was so excited
but going to the post office right now
because I got a send shirts the the the
no friends just family shirts friends
inspired t-shirts if you guys ordered
one you should have it already or you
should be receiving it today tomorrow or
in the next few days because we getting
all the orders out finally this is
really short notice for the first time
ever guys for the first time ever your
boy is going to London London I'm coming
I'm performing we're having a show
details in the link below and it's gonna
be crazy man we're gonna have a good
time I'm super excited my first time in
London and we're leaving next week and
the show is next weekend so
it's crazy man we could is fill man it's
any time I have a show that's anywhere
you know what I'm saying it's just a
blessing and to have it in London like
wow like this is amazing like it still
hasn't even hit me honestly it really
hasn't hit me buy it it's gonna be me
and so hi
unfortunately Harris couldn't make it
because he has to run his business
so um it'll be me and so I coming in and
anyway I'm at the post office guys so I
will tell you guys more about that later
but we are here time to go take these
shirts where my phone go ahead when the
chute opens so this is only a small
amount of the orders it's like about 20
shirts 20 orders my Beth but we did I 30
of them yesterday so this is we had a
total of like 60 orders people were
buying multiple shirts or shout out to
the crew shout out to everyone that
ordered up ordered off at the website
you guys are gonna get your things soon
so we also had another shoe order we had
like four other shoe orders yesterday so
we pushing weight right now third time
since I got my car I got a nail in my
tire so I'm getting my tire replaced
luckily they had a tire in stock I had
the tire insurance only 20 bucks it's
kind of windy I hope you guys can hear
me but uh so I got like two hours I'm
gonna go grab some Chipotle we've got a
little walk but whatever I mean I got
nothing else to do probably just go over
there write some video ideas maybe hit
the target literally I'm about to die
right now I'm in the bike lane like the
sidewalk just disappeared like you want
me to walk in this freaking dirt like
what is this huh they got me struggling
out here okay now I've been somewhat
against Chipotle recently you know the
past year or so because they don't just
make it they don't make it as good as
they used to make it
which doesn't taste too good but the
past week I've been really craving and
I've been guys I gotta go get what up
guys still waiting for my car it's been
like a Howard got like 30 more minutes
but I got a question for you guys
we're trying to set up another event in
the Bay Area for the launch of the
clothing line when we get the few more
pieces done so let me know if you're
from the bay and you would come support
it we might do it in Hayward so if
you're from the Bay Area and you would
definitely come out to a free event
totally free and hang out with the crew
let me know I want to see how many
people are from Bay Area and they would
come so forth so Bay Area this is where
y'all gotta stand out right now you got
to wrap it you got a rec what I rep and
let me know in the comments below how
many of you guys would come out to the
free event possibly at the end of this
month or early next month let me know
guys I'm back at BMW aiding still but
look behind me this is like car goal is
right here
I'll keep it 100 with you guys I don't
even know the name of this if this is
even a real color or what but it's fire
all right got my baby back as you guys
could see new tire new reverse lamp that
they fixed because the ball was out ever
since I bought the car so they put a new
light for me and then also they washed
my car so thank you BMW for taking care
of your customers like me we love you
now I just need to get these windows
tinted this week so my whole squad and
is and maybe put my license plates I
haven't put my license plates on it's
been like seven months guys but once I
tipped my windows I know I have to pull
my license plates on or else it's bad
for me
don't mind the hairs to the shower
shampooed the bad boys and did a vlog
much today literally been handling
quarters organizing trying to decide
with sneakers I want to get rid of like
I'm gonna get rid of all of these right
here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 huh what what what
are these huh
LeBron oh Palmer's what so I wanted to
tell you guys what I got in my peel box
to the other day thank you from Gavin
and Kanye I really like that and then he
wrote me a letter about how much he
supports the videos and things like that
so shout out to Gavin I don't want to
show it because it's a personal message
for for me so sad I think Gavin
hopefully I get to meet you one day
either to support me in help me chase my
dream and I hope that I inspire you guys
the way you inspire me so okay so that
one was that and then I got another
thing in the penal box which was a total
shock to me and let me read this for you
guys sorry I'm kind of sick too but hey
guys I watched your sneak peak video and
spotted something very familiar on your
wall i hand-painted that easy so hold on
I'm sure business so this thing right
here if you see in my wall this is a
hand-painted
easy picture okay I got this our hairs
got me this and hairs got me this I
figure out why it wasn't like a gift or
any like a birthday or anything but he
got it for me he got swag one with a
different shoe I can't remember but I
had this on my wall he saw it and in my
sneaky back when I first started
creating sneaker art needless to say
everyone at one at my studio is now a
fan of your videos
we're completely updating our art
catalog and would like you to view we
would like your viewers to see some of
our pieces enjoy the art and keep the
videos coming so a big shout out to Ivan
I'll also put the link in the
description box so you can check it out
I'm going to show you the the sneaker
art they send me they sent me because
when I got these I was in shock and
there's one that I really really liked
they sent me this one right here
the infrared double black infrared white
infrared super dope so they sent me this
one I don't have the white infrareds I
do have the black in fridge with the new
version so yeah that one's pretty dope
bread ones and Chicago ones with little
hearts and the laces and this one's
pretty cool I'm not sure if it's
supposed to go like this or like this
but this one's dope too this one instant
classic going up for ASAP once I get
some nails in the wall but bread ones
dude you can't go wrong with this this
is super dope really like it's simple
you know it's not too much going on on
there dope little canvas and then this
one is my favorite this one's going on
my wall right next to the other easy I
have until I get disease these will
they'll probably still be up when I get
the easiest but BAM easy boost
look at that when I saw that I was in
shock like this is so dope like so dope
dude I love it simple right
like the white corners and just a blue
circle with the shoe in there as you can
see it's not like a little canvas so
thank you again Ivan shout out to them
make sure you guys check their website
and the description box for the link and
it man got my sneaker art definitely
need to hang these up when I get some
more nails from my wall
and yeah I was gonna say oh yeah man
London
finally announced to London so we
actually have their Facebook page in the
description box down below the Facebook
page we'll have force to link you to the
phone number you guys could call if
you're in London to purchase your
tickets I know VIP tickets were selling
like crazy within the first couple
minutes that I posted the picture on
Instagram and it's crazy man I wasn't
expecting a reaction like that like
people were tagging friends and uh looks
like it's gonna be a crazy event man so
I'm really looking forward to it me and
so I've been talking about it non-stop
like it hasn't hit us man like I said
yesterday it has not hit us but
hopefully London is just the start of
many opportunities we get to perform in
different countries and different cities
and states and I said Jim khubaib you
know if this isn't motivate you guys so
you know live your dream I'm not saying
to be an entertainer I'm saying if you
want to be a doctor if you want to be a
writer if you want to be a musician or
whatever you want to be you know just do
it you know
don't let anybody trap you into a box
that you don't want to be in get up out
of that box and be happy
um I got another question for you guys
how's my mixtape
nothing was well then since we were
already talking about sneakers and
everyone's like blowing up my everything
asking where his crew kicks that a lot
of people think I'm just lagging and I'm
too lazy and make crew kicks but I'm
really not I got two episodes three
episodes ready
it's just that I'm trying to take it to
a professional dope letter level rather
than go outside by my pool and record it
you know what I'm saying so what I'm
trying to do right now is I'm looking
for like a studio in the Bay where we
have actual set that way we can have
real discussions about sneakers film the
intro and then from there we could be
like alright now let's check out this
and then we go to the footage of
somebody's house or over here and show
the collection so that's what we're
doing right now it will launch the first
week of the last week of this month so
in the next two weeks we're gonna
relaunch the whole show the whole series
is gonna start back up and looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal same feeling
what I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
