don't follow and don't you stray I know
that the world is great don't follow and
don't you stray but I can't seem to find
my place
my place
by my Play
alright guys good morning good afternoon
good night what's good hope everybody's
having a fantastic day hope all my 800
feet turn left on West Adams Boulevard
thank you thank you for mostly you guys
are for turn left on West Adams
Boulevard it is currently for you guys
Valon times or Valentine's Valentine's
Day so basically obviously I'm gonna see
Mina today but I just want to make a
disclaimer quickly because this is my
opinion on like this type of day and as
well as like Mother's Day Father's Day
is like if you love someone or if you
want to show someone you appreciate them
in three quarters oh my god if you want
to show someone you love them you don't
just do it on one day that's why I
constantly just surprised me no with
random gifts I always send her flowers
to her work show her love take her to
dinner all the time it's not just one
time of year that you should show
someone you appreciate them especially
not on a commercial holiday when
everyone else is doing it but this
opportunity presented itself to me and I
was like this would be the perfect
Valentine's Day basically I have
acquired a pair a twelve two pairs of
sneakers one of them is for myself you
know your boy loves himself on this very
romantic day because I got myself a pair
but the main thing is that I'm
surprising her with a pair now so here's
the deal we're going to Huntington Beach
were staying in Huntington Beach tonight
and we're having a little bit of a
getaway before all-star weekend
craziness by the way all-star weekend
this weekend here in Los Angeles your
boys going to the all-star game 1,000
feet turn right
via seat geek so shout to see geek and
if anybody plans to go to the all-star
game but does not have tickets use my
promo code Kai's 100 and you can get
yourself a hundred dollars off of your
tickets that's right a hundred freaking
dollars off Lincoln Avenue oh my god
this navigation is we're gonna flashback
to about five days ago cuz I've had
these sneakers for five days I've been
keeping it very very low-key so yeah
flashback time let's get it hahaha just
kidding all this ladies looking at me
like I'm crazy right now in the car next
to me I don't know if I should film her
or not
anyway transition I know you guys are
watching this in the future so I just
want to say hope everybody's having a
great time right now your boy is
literally popping in the car
spontaneously because I just got a text
had a conversation with my homie Adil
over at cool cakes now he just acquired
a very very limited
like unreleased sneaker and he's like yo
if you want this you gotta come ASAP
with cash so your boys going through the
bank first and foremost because I really
really want these and the reason why I
really really want them is because not
only is it a sneaker for me but it's
also a sneaker for the wife Amina so I'm
getting two pairs and this is gonna be
her a Valentine's Day gift the biggest
surprise the most expensive surprise oh
not the most expensive because I was the
wedding ring but okay this is gonna be
the most surprising surprise of them all
and I'm honestly excited because I'm
getting my pair too
I'm going for the bat
the bad laces to you for laces Oh my
guys it's gonna be so hard to keep
buying these shoes a secret for a week
and I don't I honestly feel like I'm
gonna break really really early dammit
alright well anyway back to you hice of
the future guys so mina pulled up and
look what she has in her hand even
though it's really dark hold on let's go
buy this now excited even though it's
kind of cold still have a pretty cool
view I mean it will be a nice view in
the morning the beach is like over there
but the parking lot is right there at
least we get to see the jacuzzi over
here do I get my first you get yours
first let's give you yours first I
wasn't expecting any gifts this is not
fake supreme right what you mean give me
fake supreme again no but you have to
open this mountain open the small purse
okay I hope you don't spend too much
money on me what is it I love you hard -
bunch of envelopes so what it basically
is which this I don't want red on camera
it is obviously had to get all your
essentials but it's a memory box so each
card has the memory that we've shared
together really over the past couple
years and then this I sell this hell
yeah we got to hurry bow okay we don't
need to share all the candy in there
okay but we got a lot of candy let's
just say cheat day on Saturday for the
dunk contest so I'm gonna be saving all
this okay this one hopefully more gummi
bears
hopefully this isn't anything crazy
because I don't want you to spend too
much money on me okay good I had to
search far and wide for it
let's talk about packaging guys what is
that no way guys oh my god
I've been telling them that I want this
the Mona Lisa hoodie of white straight
from Italy actually rolled out in the
United States oh my god I mean the
crewneck is available the black one with
this what is this oh my god I was not
expecting that be like a Gucci shirt or
something
perfect timing too I'm wearing this to
all-star weekend I'm aware this the
all-star game no I need to wear a jersey
no but this is it oh my god not so happy
I'm so happy thanks guys off-white hell
yeah the Mona Lisa hoodie I literally
just told you guys that I've been
looking for this now it's your turn
wait do you have socks on it's okay it's
okay actually don't look if you're gonna
prank me right now this is so messed up
all right go ahead open it
first of all I'm not a nine and a half
oh yeah you aren't supposed to see that
second of all if these are the many
revenge prank on you from the supreme
thingy what kind of revenge because this
is your hella comfortable right take a
step just take a step they're actually
comfortable right no I'm just kidding
all right I got you a real gift so sit
back down take those off because I want
to put it I want to put your gift on
your feet and then I want you to open
your eyes because usually I just hand
them to you so if today we're gonna go
Cinderella so their shoes yeah so take
off the watermelons shouldn't put some
socks yeah put some socks on fairies
dance shout outs as dance yeah I haven't
even showed the unboxing of whatever
should we cut to the unboxing before we
show or they'll get mad at that now
we'll wait up
they're so cute stance if you're
watching I need a box of okay give me I
promise I'm really not with fainting
go ahead open your eyes say you swear
really that's your size two days before
he sent me that two days before you said
that and I was so pissed cause people
were tagging you and I was telling him
to delete it so you wouldn't see it you
realize do you realize that like nobody
has these but like maybe like 30 20 just
the people who like know the Jordan burn
people or if you're like Drake or Don C
or something you have them and now I
miss Mina oh my god right before
all-star - oh my gosh look nobody Oh
like how so I go on Instagram and they
post it right text him right away and I
was like what size are those and he says
seven and ten I was like brothers can't
be more perfect so as I called them for
me and he said literally people were
offering him like hell the money to hold
it and he's like if you come right now I
got you so I literally went right there
and I got it I got cash I went right
there I got him I have logged the whole
thing so I showed them already but hey
we both got each other off white though
look look at this fit though look at
that all-star weekend ready
I like the red ones more stuff baby blue
tab right here is
life look at all the color all the laces
it comes with so yeah guys I've been
holding this surprise for a minute now
but I think she liked it now we need to
get a thumbnail because I'm gonna I'm
gonna title this giving my fiance fake
Yeezys for Valentine's Day but then when
they watch it's like a complete plot
twist
