sneaker con toronto starts now you ready
oh yeah I'm ready
let's get it
man's pulled up into the sneaker con
vibes you know we've got to break some
hearts and break some next today with
the on feet just a little bit of slight
work you know what I'm saying Phil yeah
I'm doing booth big things coming bro
look at the booth got a boot yard you
know it is official we're at yeah all
the secrets and we close to crepes oh
you know yeah hey I said I want to only
do it if I'm close to my family
yeah alright guys so I'm gonna walk
around now and checked out the scenery
checked out oh my god I see some crazy
stuff I'm a check out what's going on
right now before the line gets in I
heard there's a crazy crazy line outside
let's go see if there's any heat in this
fix
dude I'm not supposed to be in here what
not supposed to be in here like that
I'm sorry are you gonna unverified mean
you know I still love you oh wow
I thought it
alright guys so today if I'm not filming
my man's right here is gonna be filming
for me okay you want to plug your idea
and you think calling me out visual
flair you know we gonna link up down
below you know what all of a sudden so I
heard the line outside is crazy so we're
gonna go run outside I do have some
really really bad news
apparently all my merch has been stuck
at customs so I am NOT gonna whatever I
do so I'm not gonna be I'm not I don't
have any merch like this is not this
never happens at sneaker cons and I feel
really bad and the reason for that is
because last year for our tour in
Toronto we got shut down so we couldn't
sell merch and people wanted to merge
and we couldn't sell it because of like
the police and stuff like that because
we have to have the meet up outside in
the park so same situation now we can't
sell merch because we don't have any I
think there's like one box of tour merch
that's left over from sneaker con
Atlanta but like that's gonna go super
quick so there's like no Stan's socks
there's literally like nothing so I'm
sorry Toronto yeah
ask me what name that what are they
should we go I don't want them to go
crazy though don't go too far yeah
alright go back in before he gets crazy
shut the case down we in the six TV
network here you know what it is this
gang gang gang sick the car looks dope
bro I know you can appreciate fine art
bro I do believe ya
okay with me having the easy one and you
having the cause one yeah I do believe
that we're not representing ourselves as
much as we should actually be
representing ourselves yeah but I feel
like if we draw our logos on it's gonna
mess it up maybe just the back window I
like a decal as you found back window
you need the dream crew back when yeah
we might have to do some want to think
about this I think it's a good idea how
many times do you how many times did you
go to jail this week bro
what's up family
aren't you getting sued for that room oh
this no no no it's a church where
actually you know what happened was
Major League Baseball reached out to our
business at cities and said hey guys we
love our logo make it a little better
and we need the veep a year old we we
put urban design stickers on it and it
just it now it looks a million times
better
I just wanted to stand out a little bit
support the City of Toronto there you go
bro by far the longest line any sneaker
con all year yeah it goes from one side
of the building to the other side of
building across the street
oh my god plus minutes to say hello to
everybody for as many people as I could
in the military bro it didn't avail in
the womb it's in the womb Tony D big fan
I copped your jacket well laughs can you
sign it
Sam I'm Arab yells mini yeah I don't
have merge - just bring your stuff and
we'll sell it just give me 10% uh-huh
I'm like a YouTube network I need 10%
profit margins all right so this is what
he's talking about they made the logo
and then they had to blast you and all
over it actually it looks dope like that
I like that I want to steal one
stealing sneaker youtubers merch i'ma go
see I'm gonna go see how much merch I
could steal
you know just trying to be like you know
hey go ahead and do your thing
barricades are they really have oh my
god imma get it later though alright so
apparently man's booth is being like
demolished like people are running in
okay they're not running they're polite
candidates so they're walking in all
right I gotta take some of Tony's merge
because I gotta sell it
I know merch on my cell right I'll give
you like 10% struggles real sick we out
here oh my god
ROK's here finally fruits out here in
the sixth exciting okay so yeah we have
two boxes left from speaker Cana Atlanta
it's literally the just some hoodie some
3m jackets all right guys so we've been
doing this thing cook online for like an
hour now my man pulled out was good and
he pulled out that cash he showed me
these right here I haven't seen these in
person these are the ovo Jordan trainers
right here very very limited tell me
what you told me about what these came
out three hundred me and Drake bought 80
for family and friends
damn you were there with it with the
stormy sale we paid resell well he just
sold these to Farooq so Farooq now ovo
Jim body to sneaker cons in a row my man
my man pulled up with that fighter first
he came with the off-white joints and
now what you got this is the Jordan 16
the CEO the numbered I think there's two
thousand three hundred pairs of them
this one is a this was a sample so it
doesn't have the number so there's no
number on this one but
still nice I don't think I've ever owned
a pair of 16s but those are dope yeah
this is this is the first 16 that I've
owned and like they're incredibly
comfortable I didn't realize how
comfortable they were like like I can't
wait to like ball and be safe because
it's like so you know even a hoop it is
so comfortable New York City hoops
classic yeah there it is yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay I think me and you need to
take a long feed picture later let's do
it oh yeah hell yeah all right guys so
my man said he got something for me and
he said oh I want to turn on the camera
oh my god let's see what happens all
right first off got you an official
worldstar hat Hey worldstar top of that
no energy styles that's we can sing now
yeah Thank You Man appreciate all right
guys so we closed off the line we're
down to our last like 10 20 people and
she just pulled up right now and she
handed me this guy's look at this that's
crazy so nice and I got the crew at the
bottom thank you so much I appreciate it
young man's out here onstage you know
say we're gonna give some free crap
protects products to the crew
you know Toronto was the first place
that ever flew me out for an event like
this 2020 Club you know I see people
here that were there at that first event
so that shows you like how loyal they
are four five years later that they're
still coming and showing that love and
support so I appreciate you if you're
from day one or you're from yesterday it
doesn't matter as long as you support
and repping the crew thank you guys man
without you got a green on this day guy
nears which I'll have to talk
who's the biggest high priest on YouTube
okay hold on I got to make this
disclaimer because I probably I'm gonna
get tons and tons of hate for what I
just said on stage first of all nothing
but respect for roofie wraps I don't
know the guy personally I've watched
some of his videos he has some great
content so no disrespect no shots fired
none of that but he took the claim that
he's the biggest heipiess on YouTube and
that doesn't fly with me because I'm the
biggest heipiess on YouTube so wolfy
raps you're probably never gonna watch
this but don't use that anymore my man
that's my title but nothing respect keep
grindin appreciate you all of a sudden
all right back to the log scoop 208
scoop - hey my man all right we bout to
play dock out influencers crew let's get
started
No
rook
the balance what happened
the ball bounced away too far on my shot
I tried to rush it
second game I got eliminated in the role
this is just when this is really I'm out
of breath you
by the way
you guys are Walden on there and have
pre public free Pablo alright guys so
that is a wrap for sneaker called
Toronto what you gotta say man I'm gonna
have to say one thing
yeah no no decrying no nothing this is
one of the hardest working man's on
YouTube thank you he might be not
consistent with that's alright
all y'all with your two inch trim saying
Tyson's that type of you know he's that
type of that you know he said don't get
this odd sense your you know and one
last thing
you said it not me uh-huh more tuned for
your head tub I'll tell you speak on my
name you know I'm gonna go see what
Tony's doing alright guys so today is
Sunday today's the day after sneaker
Colin where everyone leaves and it just
becomes quieter and everybody shows
their true colors and leaves like last
last night everyone dipped like okay I'm
cutting out I'm tapping out see you in
Vegas so basically I didn't post a vlog
yesterday because I barely vlog that
sneaker con I don't like nobody likes me
they used to be poppin but now we just
get so busy that we don't get to really
walk around I'd be wrong especially
yesterday but anyway I think we're gonna
head to downtown we have a couple hours
to explore bus before we leave town so
well so we'll check in with you guys in
downtown alright guys we just pulled up
to downtown the Jordan store is over
there we're gonna go to the Jordan store
but we got to go eat first we hungry
it's raining your boys prepared you're
filming
nice jacket on but they're not prepared
they need jackets Tony he's out here
supreme all of a sudden wearing supreme
and we're gonna go in the mall because
it's indoor so we should be fine there
thanks
here to go the hell was that Charlie let
me go through cuz I said I was like
thanks and I stopped it on him
this is one of the most beautiful
structured malls I've aw damn it never
mind this mall just lost hella points
the escalator doesn't work damn it I
hate that
alright guys so we are in the Jordan
store and yeah there's quite a few
things to see in here so let's have some
fun then
okay guys so this Jordan soar is so sick
so basically this is the customized zone
right here you can make your own shirts
hoodies
you can even laser a pair of Jordan ones
like look over here this one says
Toronto lasered in it and you can only
do a mid Jordan one which it kind of
sucks but it is what it is and then over
here if you guys remember my New Orleans
vlog for all-star weekend you were able
to take a picture of a Jordan and color
it and put it on a shirt so you can
actually do that here so I think I'm
gonna do that and that would be like my
toronto jordan shirt that i get but this
store is like one of the nicest jordan /
nike stores I've ever been to like even
like the display where people are
getting shoes it's like literally on the
opposite side of the custom area so it's
pretty cool thank you
all right so I'm gonna design a Jordan
six and three to one
BAM and now we gonna put this on a
t-shirt you ready are you ready ready
okay here we go
we are upstairs of the Jordan store
where they have like the private gym
like look at all the 32s over there we
can try on and no honey workout no we
don't have time they won't they won't
let us work out but it's super super
dope all over this backdrop oh yeah he
was here there's not like a locker room
inside Michael Jordan's private locker
room clickbait he did all his favorite
colors of the silhouette the ovo okay
it's name is DeForge house the ford the
ford you got you signed off on the
bottom on the ring a like highs like the
style to his right
so it's like a character maybe there
wasn't like rocker shout out to my man
yo what's up one say what's up my buddy
told me was it that's it all right
all right guys we got to say bye to Tony
he's leaving back to Atlanta he's going
to Magic City and the aquarium I brought
with Snyder peace see what we see you
scoop - OH
scoop 2:08 just walk away alright guys
my battery's about to die so this is it
for me this is the end of the vlog thank
you guys - oh no actually it's not into
the book I need to talk to you guys when
I get back to LA so well it's so windy
well I'll see you guys in LA alright and
we back
and I wanted to take the next few
minutes not to talk for holidays but
just basically give you guys an update
on what's going on okay where do I start
first thing I want to say is thank you
guys Thank You Toronto for all the love
you guys set the bar so high I don't
know if you guys know this but Toronto
sneaker con set the record for the
sneaker con one-day attendance they had
over 10,000 people over 10,000 people in
one day so thank you to everybody from
Toronto who came out and showed love man
appreciate you guys basically I've been
I tweeted this and we have decided to
end the tour and the tour was only
supposed to have one more show in
Virginia not show one more pop up in
Virginia at cool cakes VA and now you
guys are probably wondering like oh it's
one more show you could have just sucked
it up and done it this and that and let
me tell you guys why is them what's the
main reason we don't want to do it the
main reason is because we want to give
you guys a thousand percent if you have
come to the last few pop-ups you guys
have kind of seen that my body language
is not there I am I'm happy to be there
I am so happy to meet you guys but I
want to be able to talk to you I want to
be you know super energetic I want to
like you know give you an experience
that you are waiting for if you're
waiting there for hours and I'm just
like you know it up like yeah yeah let's
take this plate like I can try to suck
it up but mentally it drains me it's
it's really really bad and and I try to
make it seem as positive and as happy as
possible on camera but realistically
guys I want to give you a thousand
percent so I don't want to just force
the pop-up and we have decided to cancel
the last pop-up and we are gonna repost
pone it early next year and the reason
why I don't do it this years because we
have a lot going on for the rest of the
year so Virginia DC DMV I love you guys
I've always mentioned how much love I
have for the whole area though all you
guys like I have so much love there I
family there I've had crazy experiences
there I have tons of friends there I
have some of the best cruel oils there
but I'm sorry guys I got I gotta I gotta
just postpone that last one also a huge
apology apology two cool cakes VA when
we do have the pop-up
they're early next year they are going
to be hosting us a hundred percent I
think it was just the right decision for
us um like even at this last sneaker con
like an hour and my legs were given out
my knees were hurting and somebody
tweeted me saying oh you're so selfish
how could you say you're tired from
meeting your fans and how can you see
you're tired from you know you know
talking to your fans that's not what it
is
I could literally sit and talk to you
guys for hours and hang out with you
guys for hours a man can only stand for
so long a man can only get on so many
airplanes and fly hours and hours and
hours and literally do meetups the next
day before his body gives out and I have
so much respect from musical artists
because these fools
you know they tour and they go show the
show to show to show to show to show and
they they banging out for a month and a
half but they're doing it consistently
where they have a rhythm but when you're
taking breaks and doing it like it like
I can't even I'm not gonna sit here and
try to convince you guys but hopefully
you guys do understand again a huge
apology to everybody in VA and the DC
area now I want to talk about what a lot
of people could possibly be excited
about quick disclaimer I know I'm gonna
get a lot of backlash for canceling
Virginia just like I got a lot of
backlash for canceling Orlando but like
I said both of those cities we will make
up for missing those cities early next
year so please don't don't hit on me
Toronto we did not receive the full
shipment of merch Orlando pop that was
weird Orlando pop-up it got canceled VA
pop up it got canceled so that means we
have the merch from those cities still
available that means we have three
cities worth of merch available so this
is what we're gonna do we are going to
throw all the remaining tour merch
online this Saturday on dream coup calm
and yes the big question are the Stan's
ox gonna be available yes they're gonna
be available we have maybe like I want
to say we have less than 30 socks
available but they're gonna be online
the Stan Sox will be online the crept
protect dream crew collab will be online
the crept wipes those will be online the
tore shirt the tore hoodies the three
embalmers we
a few that we saved like swagga the
defensive spinners Tour champion shorts
and the tour hat will all be oh and the
Toronto exclusive t-shirt the t-shirt
that I was supposed to sell with the six
on it that was supposed to be available
on at sneaker Con Toronto but it got
held at customs all of that will be on
sale this Saturday our dream cool calm
and we're gonna do an early drop usually
we do afternoon late evening drops but
it's Saturday everybody's off of school
you know people some people might be
working but you know I'm saying just
tell your boss you need a 15 minute
break basically we are gonna drop it at
9:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time so
that's 12 o'clock Eastern so 9:00 a.m.
dream crew calm all the dream crew March
the tour merch is gonna be available on
not all the dream commercial all the
dream crew tour merch will be available
so this is your last chance to get the
tour stuff because once it's gone we're
never gonna remake it I'm not gonna
retro any of this stuff
the stance Sox will be done forever and
this is your only chance to cop the
stance dream crew Sox online the 10-year
anniversary sock this is it after that
it's done though and that's pretty much
it and thank you guys for watching also
hit that thumbs up you feel me peace
