I was ready to this fits with my you
know I should go I should go you know I
should go running to the ships with my
day three Coachella we are here it is
ten times more crowded than it was
yesterday but it's all good it's way
hotter than it was yesterday but it's
all good
yeah man I mean it's gonna be dope I
don't know what to tell you guys because
hi I'm actually show you guys around but
it's the same thing I showed you got all
the butterflies so I'm going to show
let's go look at the big butterfly
yesterday in the vlog if you remember
there was a caterpillar had a
caterpillar there was a giant
caterpillar and today the next day it's
what's the proper word he falls into a
butterfly so let's go look at the
butterfly
if you having a good time so far
Coachella I wanna hear you make some
fucking noise and she said I need you to
go on that Coachella station I can and I
need you to kill that motherfucker I
said yes
I'm not asking a change in life tonight
I'm just asking to be a part of it is
that okay with you
no long talking I came to played in hits
is that okay with you Coachella
let's get into again make some noise for
yourselves
i'ma let you know something
make some motherfucking oh it's myself
I got way too much on my mentor learn
from what I been through gonna do what I
didn't do is still waking up like the
rest do not complicated and simple I got
sexy ladies a whole
controller makes a nice video cell
tonight I'm gonna say I want to say
y'all better now come to my studio with
their faces
my voice is gone first of all what an
experience okay so let me tell you guys
exactly what happened how we ended up so
close okay so first of all a big big big
shout out to my boy Sebastian for
getting us into the VIP area him and his
dad you don't know how much we
appreciate it and like honestly thank
you I don't know where you are right now
my phone's not working but I want to hug
you and give you a big kiss on the cheek
and for us thank you so much Sebastian
if you're watching this it was a crazy
experience they got us into the VIP area
okay so when we went to the VIP area
whatever yes when we got into the VIP
area you know we were like chillin like
it's the first roof like 20 rows so we
were like about row ten we waited there
Drake started and I told actually like
you all let's move to the side because I
want to like enjoy it because there was
so many like you know that areas for all
the rich people so they're just like
this whole and we wanted to like dancing
like go crazy so we moved to like the
side area next thing you know Justin
Bieber walks right next to me and I go
up to him and I'm like I dab him on the
shoulder I'm like it was good I put my
hand out and he gives me a dab and then
he like walks away in a securities like
don't touch him I was like alright well
you already said what's up to me so did
have anything oh okay let's go over
there okay and then whatever does JB
he's like literally right in front of us
and then two like five minutes later I
guess they were about to Justin was
about to leave and I guess some guy took
a picture of him and he didn't like it
and then it turned into a big ass fight
and you guys saw the fight there and
then I guess some lady security got
socked by either Justin or one of his
friends or something but a fight broke
out and then after that happen like that
whole area like cleared out and then me
and Ashley ended up
oh what an experience honestly I don't
know what to say that was the fish worth
every penny of coming to Coachella Thank
You Sebastian thank you actually for
coming with me
and thank you guys for watching whoa
we're gonna leave here in like an hour
though I don't know where any of my
friends are like I don't know where my
woes are right now looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only ones and those ain't laughs in
a while I'm talked to a wizard
