so many hipsters in one place it's
amazing hey what's up guys we are
currently at our new hotel in banning
versus banning California banning him
which is 30 minutes from Coachella
because all the coach of the hotels that
were around they were sold out so we got
this one because we both last minute
actually he's enjoying an orange looking
like an orange look like you just
escaped the prison anyway we it's 1
o'clock 2 o'clock 1:30 in between there
but we can't check in yet because our
rooms not available but as soon as it's
available
I'm going to shower change and then we
are out of here 30 minute drive to
Coachella free parking that's good and
then we get to enjoy the rest of the day
so we'll see you guys
whatever God you finally made it long
ass walk from the parking but we are
here at the entrance there's a ferris
feel that you're gonna see all over
Instagram as he sits here eating his
pizza
I in life alright so ever I like the
stage area now and there's actually like
like eight pages
people man it's a ridiculous so many man
buns I gotta know
what am I gonna what am I supposed to
tell you guys like just look all right
guys wow we made some friends here I'm
introducing this guy right here what's
up man what's your name today I'm in
town
where you from you know I came a far
away I'm from Albania saw a nice neat
what brings you to Coachella HLR GOP his
game is pretty strong watch it
like I'm in Vegas
Dork and the lights are coming down
right now
that's so dope look at that I'm trying
to find a fill up it's looking for him
calling it how
I am right by that circle bar
where are you
so it's like 9 no it's not now hold on
it's 846 oh there you are
it's 846 and father the craters gonna go
on
none of the critics who will be starting
in 30 minutes my notification just told
me that Tyler is going to be on in 30
minutes
so we're gonna go to that area let's go
cuz we're gonna meet up in there this is
a crazy experience it's ten times better
at night then it is in daytime because
the date time you know people are
settling in the lights are not as
fancy-schmancy as they are right now but
you know look at these lights right here
whoo so we've got the watch collar right
now and he's the first artist that I
actually know whether other people I
don't know look at these chicken wings
right here we just eating good tonight
yeah I don't know what the hell happened
is he said right side of the Tyler stage
but like look how am I supposed to find
him on the right side look how many
people are there and I call him and he
doesn't hey brick you got my hat
all right I'm 49 management you
motherfuckers
is it cool if I yell and jump around for
the next 40 minutes I don't know why not
even baby open up over here
I bet him that like this beautiful
festival Las Vegas we make cool sense
that we linked up here so
chi'lan
you find a wife honest this problem
Oh multiple
Johanna
so we decided to take a very necessary
bathroom break before we go wait for the
weekend to come out overall man they won
for us they do technically from
Coachella but it's been really fun
weekend's gonna finish it off for us
yeah the night time killed it man just
the day time was cool whenever we have
to learn the areas and dictate that but
once it got dark and all the light
started going off and people who are on
drugs started turning up it was fun not
us we don't do that stuff but he will
pop like drugs and stuff like that
happens over here guys it's part of
Coachella but anyway yeah don't do drugs
people and yeah so we're gonna take a
little bathroom break I would take you
in there with me but I don't think it's
appropriate so we get a skeleton right
now
I'm gonna see what the weekend little
performed a people smoking marijuana to
my left
user bathroom prank you're right I'm
about to give it up like
get the ball rolling they got these in
the trash so we can just wrapped up as
you guys can see behind me everyone's
heading out
and he did a amazing job I seen him
perform before yeah we saw him perform
in Vegas and it was wack but this time
was really good actually he did a really
good job I don't know maybe was we were
actually moving around and dancing past
four last time we were just standing in
one spot but everyone's rushing out so I
don't think we're gonna leave right away
we're gonna like wait for people to dip
and then you know
sit in the car and move two inches every
three seconds to get out of here oh I
guess that's it for day 1 of Coachella
it was a success way better than I
expected it to be but day 2 is gonna be
ten times better you know why cuz Drizzy
Drake Rogers gonna be here we are
and
yeah I don't know
see you guys at the hotel because we
have to deal with this crap right here
everyone is bobbing out
annoying back at the hotel as you can
see bought a shower up edit sleep like I
told you guys rest up post a new video
so I will talk to you guys tomorrow
thank you for watching another amazing
vlog oh I hope it was amazing
tomorrow day two of Coachella
well technically day three I keep
correcting myself but day three of
Coachella tomorrow make sure you guys
tune in for that it's drag so you know
it's gonna be epic and uh oh sorry I had
to pull my crotch oh um goodnight guys
love you guys thanks for watching again
peace out with my walk looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling when I'm
doing but I'm coming down from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like that a lot
of voices in my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while I'll talk to a wizard
