damn some of the kids some muscles for
the kids out before the kid something
for the kids
good morning good morning
now it might look like I'm at Chili's he
likely is we are at Oakland airport
Chili's in Oakland Airport our flight to
LA leaves in 40 minutes and we decided
to get some breakfast at 8 a.m. Chantel
is here okay
anyway we are ready for the weekend
we're all packed up this is all I
brought and are you ready what for the
weekend yeah
pretty loud here but we finally made it
to LA
ready to get on a
a bus to go get our rental car and then
we could go around the city and have our
fun but I had a nap a bumpy ride
like 1 hour so we're at Nordstrom right
now and I'm really starting to hate
Bergstrom because every time become an
Erie state here like three hours but
actually trying on some new gym shoes
from the kick game
some lunar racers what do you guys think
I always get the plug but then when she
wants kicks I can't get the plug burning
will be a pop-up shop right now but you
can't video David side so you only get
this alright guys so I got a hoodie from
the Oviedo store a whole bunch of
stickers long-sleeved t-shirts so it was
pretty dope could have film inside there
but now we're at this other stores where
they have video game console and you
stream music it's probably expensive it
doesn't matter they get it wah hota
stuff we found the first ever HD DVD
right now BAM
look at that thing this thing is not as
big as I thought it would be
brother they got a real Power Ranger
here like what the hell
so we've been driving around the last
like 30 minutes looking at Hollywood
houses Beverly Hills all the rich houses
because they're super nice and I don't
know whose are you just want to look at
them you know it's motivation yeah
one day have one of them houses
Hollywood Hills anyway but we're driving
right now we're gonna go to like Santa
Monica area just hang out and relax
I want that Ferrari and I look at Moga
okay fucking fixes hair all right guys
we're at 3rd Street right now we're like
what's all the basic places but we got
the man right there and I give you a
look life is cool just grinded school
whatnot you know these are - you go baby
night they just fry it man we just push
it we just push it you know especially
big fish and the big thing the real
question everyone is wondering Oh
where's your brother
she's back at school you know to try to
work out in something you know they have
something for the kids some muscles for
the kids out the kid something for the
kids all right guys you know we out here
so it's only right that we come to the
crepe Cafe even though we ain't got our
crepes yet another pizza for today
because my last one wasn't good
this music is hella funny yes I just
started believe HR already damn at my
job give us a tutorial for Coachella be
sure to get your gold things right here
get the gold bracelet and another damn
this is for females right now for a
solution for males - you know you trying
to be flamboyant nowadays yeah so go
ahead and do this like it's like a lay
like you're in Hawaii but you really not
that you can't afford to you want to go
child there that's a good tip there you
go how to get ready for Coachella
document all right guys here we go
tutorial number two what to wear retake
tutorial number two what to wear for
Coachella with Ahmed chela it's crucial
now you gotta get the fool don't wear
anything underneath because I don't want
to be out it's gonna be really hot I
kinda like the flow you just want to be
super hipster because everyone's
hipsters 200 and you guys just match up
with themself
there we go so I'm getting kind of tired
because we've been all around LA all day
shopping I like that one right but yeah
that's nice but that looks like
something you have
I'm really ready to go to the hotel
check-in we haven't even checked into
the hotel yet and it's like what time is
it almost 9 o'clock we haven't checked
into our hotel yet so super tired and
yeah I'm ready to just go relax for the
rest of the day and get ready for
tomorrow man
probably going to the hotel
thanks you know I just bought the
sweater through
together with Chile many go
alright guys we are finally in the hotel
about a call it a night
well I have to edit before I call it a
night but call it a night from the vlogs
but before we go as I promised I'm gonna
show you guys what I picked up from the
ovo pop-up shop ovo bag the out and let
me show you what I got first things
first I got this long-sleeve white tee
and it's really simple like look how
small the six is with the little hands I
think I'm gonna wear this tomorrow if
you're reading this it's too late you
know
the mixtape the mixtape album name okay
other than that I got the October hoodie
that you guys saw me wear just got
October and it's stitch to good quality
and on the sleeve what I really like is
it's got the owl on there and then I
bought a whole bunch of stickers to put
on my laptop and things of that like
six-six god I've got two six cards
October's are young and you're like
University University the basic I all
which is blowing on the front of my
laptop how was my mixtape this one's
pretty stupid but like told me give me
one of every sticker in an October
alright that's it for today guys hope
you enjoyed the first day of LA tomorrow
I'll surprise you guys you gotta tune in
tomorrow to see where we go but after
tomorrow it is Coachella and then it's
time to rage out have a great time and
experience Coachella for the first time
so and new video Sunday don't think I'm
gonna miss this week's video I know I
miss crew kicks whatever blah blah blah
you're never gonna make it you're black
Inger's you're lazy I missed it on
purpose I didn't want to post it
whatever I do care about ku cakes but
that's not my main focus right now I'm
gonna bring it back when I want to bring
it back is what I'm trying to say I have
two episodes two three episodes already
I just haven't really
because I anyway I'm not gonna talk
about that right now but new video this
Sunday on the main channel we just hit
two million views on the shopping cart
prank first video to hit two million in
a week and a half which is amazing so
thank you to everyone who helped get
that goal achieved and the new video
Sunday again I have to keep telling you
my hair is kind of weird right now
anyway
I love you guys make sure you give this
a big thumbs up for the whole LA family
that was in it
shout out to Jamie for flaking and and I
look like a Super Saiyan right now do
you even know what that is no no no all
right guys it's blurry your screw
kicking it's a frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like
that a lot voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't lives in a
while I'm talk to a wiz
