fucking she knows anybody that's the
best thing you come up with yo I gotta
think of a good name yo my whole squad
in this big and then go stay here now
right guys hello guys I'm super tired
went to sleep at freaking uh 5 a.m. last
night woke up at 9 woke up at 10 woke up
at 11 finally got out of bed better get
a haircut
because it's necessary and I look have a
hobby right now I'm sorry guys but we're
gonna have interesting interesting day
comes King wait it's gonna be boring oh
yeah confidence is up right now because
of this haircut I don't know if you can
see it's kind of dark me lighten it up
for you over here shout out to the boys
sheisty for always taking care of me
that was time to go home and shower
yeah you guys heard of showering it's
this new phenomenon going on it's crazy
ridiculous but uh it works
yeah blessings on blessings on blessings
look at my mom and apply my life there's
trash on trash anyway guys so I'm gonna
get starting up for the LA trip I'm very
organized if you guys didn't know like I
fold all my clothes where I'm a little
bit like this is messy to me right here
but still I keep all my clothes folded
I'm making a checklist I honestly this
is the first time I've ever made a
checklist but I'm just paranoid because
I really want to get some dope footage
for Coachella so I'm getting my vlog
camera and charger GoPro and uh my
little pact and GoPro stick and an extra
battery pack for my iPhone and just
because I don't want to forget anything
and I need to do this when I leave out
there too because we're actually staying
at two different hotels because we're
staying in LA and then we're staying in
Palm Springs because Coachella and pumps
I'm giving you guys too much information
anyway I do want to give you guys a dope
video for Coachella gonna be trying to
food I'm gonna be I never been so I'm
super excited I'm only going for Drake
honestly I bought my tickets a year ago
about a year ago not knowing who it was
and I was expecting Drake and they
announced Drake and I was just like we
made it okay so I'm gonna start a new
segment
okay inspired by Family Guy called what
grinds my gear you want to know what
grinds my gear is when guys wear their
hats their snap backs or their fittings
and they keep this little sticker on
there you know they might place it on
they keep it on the brim as it comes
when they buy it like that to show that
it's I don't know they're maybe they
want to show it's authentic maybe they
want to show that it's a new hat
maybe they think it looks good here's
the thing buddies it doesn't look good
it makes you look cheap it makes it look
like you're trying to show that you got
a new hat because you're too broke to
afford another one so please take these
stupid stickers off of your hats I've
been taking them off for years you know
I'm obsessed with hats I always wear
hats so please take these damn stickers
off of your hats thank you okay so swag
was here
or he said he was here and he said he
was waiting for me and I come to the
place you told me to come and you
nowhere to be found
if he gave it like a girl and he doesn't
want to be seen or something I don't
know what's going on right now oh my
gosh Ellen in the couch like it's his
house yes join in six boys you're
running through the six feature wall
right now the only Cantonese will
Harrison meet him at the mall you
wouldn't come
burning art so we got a new QoP member
straight from West LA everybody give it
up for young know what Elvis young walls
that's the best thing you come up with
you oh yeah I gotta think of a good name
young yeah what everybody know will let
them decide what is Harris's new alter
egos name right here from straight from
West LA no homes it's me young Fritos
they call me crazy guys I don't even
know bro anyway guys we're about to film
right now so just some late night slight
work action a contest hey bro I got a
phone call carnitas freakin puto I got a
phone call you're scaring Salinas you
stupid bitch what up bro this is this is
paragraph this is si we're out here okay
the camera here can delay what up
mmm-hmm young si get your boy young
paragraph I guess I'm to say it's a
freestyle took me a while to write this
down I go pound 4 pound looking for your
town I'll be in LA and 24/7 I go for
heaven a trick Oh what up
young chalupa here I'll throw some bars
on you guys listen up Papa I'm about to
put you in a slumber guess what dude you
ain't the shit I got the plunger real
close I'm serious roll like let me know
what these are rolling are you serious
sure oh right are you brother
don't know you bro yeah see where I'm
from
you look like a blueberry you freaking
pop tarji
oh here we go guys
dan are you reading your 200 off of an
OG yeah if you look at Instagram
okay guys Cameron sends me the best
private snaps let's just say they're
educated I got I got to our pro should
be yourself unless you're an asshole
then be someone else oh ah ah suck it
like to do is talk a shit man bro you
are you freaking being here come on
Scott
want to be like Daddy I don't know it's
more entertaining right now to guys
everyone together because it wasn't
there for you and you're growing up
Scott's wrong with it
what a hot choice I'll just leave this
guy Scott to give up my hello give them
a call let's divvy it's like oh that's
that's a little like what's like the
elevators I don't have haters bro yo you
got a couple haters on the comments I
seen that I do too right listen big
though Daz small world
if you don't do what X Games ready good
a that's crazy did you read that thing
what blond tips always go solo Justin
Timberlake Zayn Malik me alright last
stop before we leave of course we had to
do it there's some fatties
mr. T's Dona Tomas wanted us out 24
hours of greatness mission
we got the maple which is my favorite
baby donut donut flavor is maple make
sure you guys hop on and give me some
maples if you and then it's appeal Box
maple doughnut exclusive
buy your shirts online now link in the
description XL sold out small is
available
slaps yeah everything's on me if she
does 250 y'all sleep it while you always
sleeping everybody else stop the Kesey's
insurance having the gym creatures
I guess you're wrapping it up not gonna
see these guys for like a week because
I'll be gone I'll be a minute have fun
in a Coachella um yeah just coach the
cello a little time so I guess that time
of the day sat time for us to leave our
egos Harrison googleaddattr
leave it this way dependence mejor de
nada
Cinco Esteban hey no puede ser la semana
de la ma√±ana por todo esta in Rubio
TECA what the hell did you say pretty
much fire yo Mario
knowledge is the key to opening the
doors to success that's a 100 also it's
a gunny to open the chastity belt thank
you that's a collapse respect respect G
what I think of a 100 for you to
preparation
we got a long our drive home now we have
a long hard drive hungry like a
four-minute drive home sorry I like a
10-minute Drive following 20 leads to 20
okay cut out the snakes Hey the snakes
we know who you are okay we're cutting
you out we're mowing the lawn and we see
you guys we exposing you if you a snake
and you go to Coachella watch out you
they'll get you all right guys
lights out subscribe unfollow a timeline
Instagram follow me on myspace and
10,000 thumbs up for this video because
hairs is a good gangster
oh goodness the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't lives
in a while don't talk to a wishes and it
