I'm just tired and I'm drained and I'm
just like I need to get my mind right so
I need to eat good I feel like Santa
Claus in these pants check out that
soccer game though shout out to five
pillars what's up guys got the crew
season t on film into some promo videos
right now crew kicks and something for
that to the festival that will be
premiering through videos at this
weekend got my whiteboard out you know
you know you know the duties the YouTube
life duties and sean is shining I'm
positive now I didn't vlog yesterday i
was literally behind my computer all day
like I'm not gonna bore you guys and
like show you what I'm editing and
things like that but the next few days
is just gonna be me like doing editing
and all that stuff because i'm getting
ready because i'm leaving this weekend
to socal so yeah so i need to get all
this good stuff done so i could get out
of here and be comfortable with whatever
i'm doing and um yeah so just doing tons
of editing I got to prepare three videos
for the festival gotta finish crew kicks
gotta finish this Sunday's video which I
don't even know what it's going to be I
have a few videos ready but I don't know
if I want to release those yet um so
yeah I'm just trying to figure all
figure out all that stuff and it's kind
of stressing me out but will be done
will be fine we'll be fine and damn it
I really just want to sleep in bed all
day but I can't do that don't we all
want to just do that oh hell no I hope I
didn't lose the marker for this so I
know you guys are still wondering and I
think i'ma show you guys you guys ready
for this oh oh my God look I just put it
down a little shy guys whoa whoa fireman
I can't I can't do it not not yet night
not yeah goes may be ready for it we're
not ready for it so soon though soon
though okay I'm gonna take care of my
baby boy or you'll see what's inside
there soon just relax what is how you
write you look I'm watching
of course it's frozen do you like frozen
what's your feet okay excuse me excuse
me oh no no yah yah yah yah milla milla
what are your thoughts on life right now
I think you did you dig it dig it dig it
push out of the car seat are you going
to them you need to talk to you please
we were together
Oh
world with my wife's cooking as a friend
they don't see my vision pictures over
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal they feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head wanna hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
that knows ain't lives in a while I'm
talk to a wish
