what would you say to a girl on the
first date we're eating chick-fil-a mom
yeah she's eating she had some thought
but today is a sports theme day we're
going to ask his uncle's house in Gilroy
California to take part in some
activities including volleyball and
things of that nature you know what Joe
got my camo tights on the video that I
posted yesterday is doing really good no
new video today because I obviously I
posted a new video yet yesterday so
we'll be having a new video next Sunday
while I'm at Coachella and having it I'm
gonna upload it there's something called
Wi-Fi in this world hi guys welcome to
my defining moment in basketball history
as Christ dark eyes Omar is going to
attempt to dunk Oh God
I seem to find dunking skills at an
all-time low right now but I would do
something that's never been done I will
block it don't get the same time alright
kids we at the park right now with the
legend himself Chris hey Chris is here
to show them your juggling skills to
call out Harris droppers three four does
it Harris really good at this
hey camera hey Terry number-one fan
right here QoP all day GOP all day so
we're playing volleyball against my
uncle and my aunt
even though things like a Spanish half
English just swinging right now at the
park this little triangle and had to
pose with a stamp one time
look at this thing like we climbed all
the way from the top Chris is scared
that it's gonna snap Dustin's over here
getting ready for his pole dancing days
they call me spider Kai's
oh my god yeah that's cool I thought
you're gonna try to drop Shrek the fuck
where's scared of shit for a second hey
get sleeping your birds look they're
humming you're in a position to give
everyone a 100 right now with the sky in
the background
give it to ya yeah hold on you start the
100 you gotta say it line and then Chris
finishes it okay so you say the first
line and then Christmas they call with
the second one right off the bat hold on
that snapchat game strong okay when
you're at the top you want to stay there
come on bro that's that you had that one
you had one chance G roses are red
violets are blue
come on breath is he give him a 100 go
100 like a life motivation something
about life a beautiful quote something
you would say at someone's funeral about
how amazing they are
damn you're a great friend okay what
would you say to a girl on the first
date no no no no all right guys I'm
ending the vlog real quick eating food
pebbles I don't know I told you that
anyway I'm just gonna end this vlog by
telling you guys that wait for it
dream crew
oh this never my dream crew
friends-and-family t-shirt no friends
just family inspired by my favorite TV
show friends with the iconic friends
orange couch with the O 7 on the back is
available today on dream crew calm very
limited less than 50 shirts are gonna be
for sale so if you want to get this
shirt that I've been showing you guys
for about a month now it's on dream crew
calm and also I'm restocking the
original crew season t-shirt right
actually okay so make sure you guys go
get that too if you want yeah we're
working on the rest of the spring
collection this is just a little
something I thought I'd put out since uh
you know the crews been doing really
good set lately and everybody wants to
rep so I'm gonna let you guys rip so we
got the shredder and oh yeah
in exactly one week next time there's
two for me there we go and exactly one
week next Sunday there's a now Rose
Festival in the Bay Area
I got info for that in the description
box down below I won't be there but I
wanted to still be a part of the event
therefore we were going to be world
premiering three new videos at the event
and so if you're there and if you want
to go watch the three new videos stop
you want to go watch the three new
videos make sure you guys go to the
event it's gonna be dope they got like
fireworks and all that stuff and last
year we took over it was amazing but
unfortunately this year I can't be there
but three new videos exclusively for the
event so you guys don't want to miss
that if you're in the Bay Area make sure
you go do that anyways that's it I love
you guys thank you for watching another
vlog click that thumbs up dream crew
shares is available now cruise even sure
it's available now we out of here just
cool
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while
