can you turn it down real quick I gotta
do an interview back here what up guys
welcome to qnz we're here doing live
interviews with Chris Chris how you
doing it was something I are you doing
this is a new segment we call back seat
interviews right now and chris is our
first special guest Chris people want to
know is there a lucky lady in your life
well I decided nice so I said old lady
in my life right now as you guys can see
our audience loves you we've got a
whopping new record of two people okay
Chris we had a pool earlier today on our
website that asks boxers or briefs and
our viewers think that you wear boxers
what's the truth here our both put out
for briefs Wow okay you're that type of
guy what
huh what's that mean you know just you
know you would assume that a
good-looking fellow like you would wear
one type of boxer you know okay
predictable yeah I'm just um um you know
I feel that the tension is the back seat
here the thing is the only five pairs of
boxers that I have of dustin's because
you know we share underwear so Wow
breaking news guys sighs Justin and
Chris share underwear you heard it here
first on qnz okay hold on what we got
the same way sighs now do you go okay
I'm getting some reports here sources
are saying that Dustin and Chris cuddle
at night time is this true we have Wow
guys you already here first cuddling is
an option for Chris and Dustin now have
you guys ever had a menage a trois
so we in santana row right now that was
mad at me because I didn't fix my hair
but I think it looks tempting
anyway we're here oh you'll remind that
hopefully I got it I'm a gigolo spending
lots of go tell away the white bodies in
know Ashley wants a new car anyway after
stuff I've been doing to her she
deserves a new car something over there
videos get your mind out the gutter you
were so like that anyway we're going to
talk to kill a bar she's away and it's
not I mean it's a bar but they have food
there so we're gonna get food and ain't
just watch the band play if there is a
band and eat cuz I want some tacos even
though i don't like tacos always one of
them watch that bench I heard you the
best band that sounds like they are no
really I'm Vincent they're even there
they weren't their loss okay I'm gonna
dance with one of the leaders me it's
disgusting
anyways let's go ah yes yogurt in my
life so it's really loud in here but
oh thank you
here but the other place we were going
to go through is closed so we came here
thank you we came here and we're at what
is it Blowfish we're getting some sushi
and chicken
I love chicken
and if you guys in public
yeah the one next to grow no shoes on
that's so grouchy that girl is such a
fake model she done already
smile
ha
is right
ok
the place
just
OMG i love you i love you looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
over change but I still my mission got
the same goal did you know what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one then those ain't lives in a
while I'm talk to a whiz
