cameras right in the middle of Times
Square and I'm just getting my ducks
ready to get my dunk face on and I
really didn't know how to start off this
vlog so I'm just gonna tell you what's
going on I woke up this morning I got an
email from ABC Good Morning America
saying that they wanted to get in
contact with me I gave up my number I
got a phone call and they told me they
wanted to fly me out as soon as possible
I said I'm down and next thing I know
I'm on the way to the airport flying to
New York City right now to go to Good
Morning America tomorrow man and this is
just amazing man we just hit a million
views last night two weeks ago man y'all
remember two weeks ago I wanted to I was
horrible man I was down I was people
were just putting me down and I kept
going man and it's a blessing minute
once you got to keep going once you keep
going man nothing's gonna stop you man
and look at this one video it just it
brought my spirits back it's got me
motivated again I want to keep working
hard for you guys for my family for
everyone I love and we're back baby we
goin on live TV man we going on ABC Good
Morning America man three days ago
before the video came out I said this
video was only gonna get 20,000 views it
just shows you man anything is possible
anything man just work hard chase your
dreams man if you want to be a doctor be
a doctor if you want to
design stuff design stuff if you want to
be an entertainment be an entertainment
man don't let anybody tell you you can't
don't let people bring you down just
keeping it real with you guys cuz I love
you so much and I love my family I love
my crew Harris swag Dustin's so I my
amazing girlfriend who's always down for
anything I tell her I wanna do as far as
dunking on her and more actually my mom
my dad always support my dreams and my
sister's my brother-in-law my everybody
and my whole family all my cousins
everyday men and the amazing fans like
you guys are amazing man and shout out
to you guys and I promise you guys by
the end of this year we will be I'm
gonna be doing things that nobody
expected
so thank you so much and I'm on the way
to the airport I'm not trying to get
emotional man I never cried on camera so
I'm not gonna to start here but we're
gonna go to New York City baby
hi guys just got to SF all right now
about to go get my ticket and then get
on the plane that leaves in an hour okay
finally guys past the security got my
ticket right here about to get on the
plane taking off in like 30 minutes this
is legit crazy own managed running over
I got some snacks with a plane I barely
ate this morning I had some chicken and
mashed potatoes but I got some snacks so
playing got like a salad I'm some drink
excited man six hour flight it's gonna
be worth it gonna get there like at
midnight get to the hotel that they got
me in and I have to be at the studios at
5:00 a.m. but anything is worth it and
I'm only gonna be there for a few hours
which kind of sucks but I get to spend
at least like five hours in New York
City so just kind of probably hang out
in Times Square you know I'm saying oh
my god almost dropped my camera all
right guys I just got to New York City
JFK I didn't sleep that much on the
plane barely but I was I did some
editing and I did honestly I was oh I
watched The Gambler
that was pretty cool getting nervous man
never been on TV like this before I mean
if any of you guys remember I entered
the Ellen dance there and I was actually
on her show I didn't physically go there
but they played my dance there on the
air and that's first time doing a live
appearance like this so it's crazy I'm
hoping that this does bring more
opportunities you know get that target
sponsorship that I'm dying for you don't
and honestly I'm not even gonna have
time to like really be New York City
depending on what time I finish so
yeah man hectic man a quick trip spend
like 12 hours on a plane in the next 24
hours which is great but we doing it
babies for the love it's the
entertainment business baby
I need this ball right here the hotel
Millennium Hotel is literally around the
corner from Times Square I'm hungry so I
think I'm gonna go get some of all guys
I think it's a little bit I saw a few
pizza places that are open I really was
in New York Pizza while I'm here but
anyway we are in room 4506 so let's go
check out the room they're getting out
with okay first of all I have to pee as
if that wasn't bad enough all right guys
here we go but to look at the view which
is the most important thing it's pretty
cool we're in New York City
so we already in these New York streets
maybe you don't home same to am out here
I'm gonna go look for some food so I
guess this is the Good Morning America
me Toys R Us is right here
I'm literally about to walk to Times
Square
made the math and I was gonna end up
here what the hell just crazy
Oh square baby this morning we didn't
even know we were gonna be here man we
make your moves baby the dream KU making
power walking on the street right now I
heard my name in New York yeah all right
guys no sleep here we go
cleaned up the gear
yeah yeah just one wall for now alright
so here he goes this is one ball to
start good go and go good
I hope just run back we'll have balls
over here and saying he'll come back
he'll do it again
and then yeah well we'll get I'll get
kids on the other side going
we're at rehearsals right now we're
doing the outdoor they got the card set
up right there cameras right in the
middle of Times Square man and I'm just
getting my dumps ready get my junk face
on and we got the guys that are gonna be
dunking with me right here so we all set
to go so we did the first segment I
didn't bring my big camera here I got
the phone right now
some people what's up we're about to do
another segment right now so I got a go
we just got done with Good Morning
America we're just chilling outside now
freezing cold but one person came out to
support me meet up or anything in New
York she's always here we are all
wrapped up baby Good Morning America let
me tell you guys I was nervous walking
into that building the the team that
brought me out they were so cool that
made me feel so comfortable they're
amazing shout out to everyone that a
part of the Good Morning America of the
producers and everything like that that
brought me out and it was so much fun
okay so I walked in there I went into
the green room you know it's just like
there by myself quiet they brought the
kids and they were gonna dunk with me
and met all of them and then we went
outside did some practice dunks and then
after we did the practice dance then I
was like you know what this is why they
have this setup they have these cards
set up because my video so imma kill it
I'm a duck hard imma show America what
QP Inc do crew is about so all my nerves
went away
and I started dunking on that thing
doing some under the legs shoutout to
everybody in the East Coast that tuned
in early and it
aired on the west coast yet so I'm
waiting for my whole family in the Bay
Area to watch it and get those texts of
them saying that they see me and it was
cool I got to meet all the hosts talk to
me they all told me that they saw the
video they loved it and man it was just
an amazing experience and I was so
comfortable up there and monsters cuz I
haven't slept all day and oh just it was
crazy man it was fun it was amazing and
I'm so grateful and thankful for this
man and this is amazing man I just
people are tweeting me pictures while I
was on there and they'll I didn't vlog
that much because like I was you know
just trying to enjoy the moment I didn't
want to be like videotaping in the
studio and it was supposed to be all
quiet and things like that but man this
is an amazing opportunity man and if you
work hard you can get more opportunities
like cuz imma keep saying that
because you need to understand it and
because I need to understand it and I
want to put it on my head you know to
remember that anything is possible
about to make some more bangers baby we
coming back we will be on Good Morning
America again I promise you that and not
only we will be on Good Morning America
again we're not gonna be on it because
of YouTube we're gonna be on it because
I'm gonna be an actor and I'm gonna be
on it
because of my movies you know what I'm
saying and I'm gonna be on The Ellen
Show okay just wait on it I'm gonna be
on The Ellen Show and I'm gonna get the
sponsorship by Target you know why cuz I
aim high and when you aim high you reach
your goals and you know you're gonna
reach your goals if you aim low you're
just aiming like everybody else so aim
high get to the sky touch what you want
get what you wanna grab what you want I
don't even know what I'm saying right
now monsters giving me hella energy I'm
gonna go run around Times Square because
I have literally I have to be they're
picking me up from the hotel at 1:00
p.m. today to go to JFK and fly back
home so all right guys go enjoy the city
now look at these socks though I think
I'm up you know these this swag right
here
100 with swaps saketini so I'm finally
walking around New York City right now I
know right now it's like 9 a.m. I think
9:30 a.m. our September tops honestly
looking for some New York City pizza
because I haven't had any more and it
might be boring for others but for me
it's like I haven't slept in two days so
not two days like a day and a half so I
want some pizza and I think I see a
pizza place no that's not a pizza place
loving the weather here loving
everything out here right now man this
is great man
excited don't hit me New York New York
life baby getting hit by cars how about
the flight 23 store it's like the own
deferred action Jordan store like right
here so we will see what they got
what's up man
look at this freakin dough man all the
shoes you want to championships in all
right here we go guys some good old New
York City Peaks two types of slices with
the ranch the Pepsi and diet that might
have been
one of the top ten best pizzas I've ever
had not the square one but the regular
sliced one and since we're talking about
the best pizzas I ever had I don't think
I've ever told you guys this but the
best pizza I've ever had in my entire
life
my entire life of living my entire 26
years of living has to be in Europe it
was at a pizza hut in Belgium it was a
not sure of the exact location but for
sure it was in Belgium I have a lot of
family in Belgium and Amsterdam the
Pizza Hut in Amsterdam is number twos
and the don't think about the pizza over
there is that it's like a restaurant so
you have to eat it with like a fork a
knife and they give you menus and things
like that so it was crazy man but it was
amazing stuff crust cheese pizza I'll
never forget that pizza
all right he's really painting her body
and she's titty naked in the middle of
the street with little kids and
only in New York man crazy
until next time Times Square thank you
for as another amazing mini trip to New
York City think it's a good morning
america for an amazing opportunity and
times where I'll see you guys soon in
New York City see you guys soon
summer tour baby what up guys finally
made it back home
and first thing I want to say because I
don't want to start negative is that
there's no greater feeling than seeing
the brave bridge the Golden Gate Bridge
and seeing a whole bay area every time I
come home for the trip it's amazing
second of all that was the work one of
the worst flights of my life the guy
behind me asked me to put my seat
forward right when I put it back I've
been on a lot of flights as you guys
know I travel a lot was the first time
someone's ever asked me to do that
it's meant to recline for a reason you
know and now I'm back home cranky and
saw where I need a massage but yeah when
Bay is waiting for you at the airport
haha thanks for picking me up babe
I love you so much oh thanks babe
mmm swagger why we're at the movie
theaters right now guys gotta watch fast
and furious I've been waiting for this
date for years
it's called Furious 7 yeah but I call it
fast a few say anyway I'll let you guys
know how it is I know it's gonna be
amazing we gonna get emotional we're
gonna get teary but yeah man here we go
so he just left the movies so give you
guys a little I'm not gonna spoil Fast
and Furious 7 I mean Furious 7 but uh it
was a really good movie I liked it I
don't think it's the best out of the
Fast and Furious series but it was a
good movie regardless but I think the
last 10 minutes are the best 10 minutes
of
fast and furious so I'm not gonna give
it away but the last 10 minutes made the
movie really good so make sure you guys
watch it and support because it's gonna
break all kinds of Records and I'm not
getting paid to say this I'm saying this
is a huge Fast & Furious series lover
and yeah man rest in peace of all Walker
and sucks that we won't see any more but
hopefully they don't do it to where they
bring bring new people and start a whole
new Fast and Furious whatever but and
they're probably gonna do it because
it's all about money but those seven
movies or six technically of the whole
facet freeze gang I love all of them and
I can't wait to cop the whole Collection
DVD window and this new one comes out on
DVD so anyway I'm home guys so finally
I'm home and I get to freaking realize
yeah right I have to edit I gotta edit
this vlog and I gotta edit today's video
so um no no stopping baby I'm very tired
I've got literally like three hours of
sleep to pass their days guy and season
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to a wizard
