tomorrow morning I'm gonna be on Good
Morning America whoo York City I'm
coming baby
what up guys okay so I I'm super excited
right now because I'm about to watch
myself on SportsCenter for the first
time I didn't watch his actual footage
if you watch yesterday's vlog I was I
missed it but I got in contact with ESPN
and Erica so Thank You Erica for him
from ESPN for getting me the footage she
emailed it to me and about to watch it
for the first time with you guys so
let's check it out here we go guys
volume zone twins play at Target Field
that place is named for you know a
target and that's a place that'll
bankrupt you if you can't control your
urge to buy like everything I don't know
what it is about that place yeah cuz how
many times do you end up going for one
thing and then walk out with like 30
something completely a gentleman named
Geass Omar made this video of a recent
shopping trip with his girlfriend at
Target and this might be better than any
and one know Omar's the star here this
girlfriends contribution should not be
underrated and at one point in the video
I'm not sure if we're gonna show it she
does block his shot but she plays a
perfect yeah it's really good stuff I
think it's generated over 18 get on the
floor you got 18 million views so well
done
a TV leaking huge yeah right
oh man which is that 18 million views
man that was amazing oh my god oh god
that is so sick I can't believe it oh
wow I was on SportsCenter man this is
crazy dude that's so stupid it's crazy
sorry I'm getting all freakin thing
right now dude I'm not used to this
right now I never Wow thank you man
honestly thank you to everyone who's
believed in my dreams believe in
everything I stand for as part of the
crew you guys are freaking amazing we
are just getting started this is nothing
man I can't stop right here I can't say
that I'm satisfied cuz we this made me
more hungry man this made me want to get
out there and start shooting new things
and getting on different networks and
doing that kind of stuff for you guys so
thank you man this is for you guys is
for my family this is for my friends for
all my dreams for everything well this
is for like this is amazing right now I
can't even like SportsCenter okay I grew
up watching these highlights of Kobe of
Jordan of everyone and I'm on there I'm
on the same show that Steph Curry was on
like this is amazing man now I gotta
send this to everyone my family I got to
show my dad my mom everyone this is all
man all right guys I'm gonna cut the
camera before I start like crying on
here or something like that cuz this is
just insane man ESPN D and on top of
this I got another email today but I'm
not gonna say anything cuz I'm not gonna
get my hopes up but just man just work
hard pray do what you love managers do
what you freaking love that's all I
gotta say man so of course because I
actually needs it up for the first time
I need deodorant I have toured you
already today
I was gonna get it last night when we
left the sports and in any way of
getting the owner in lotion because you
finished my lotion and we were just
talking about what it what would happen
differently target actually sponsored us
because of the this is a crazy
imagination like a dream it's not going
to happen if target actually sponsored
us for coming here so much because the
video what we would want and you know we
just want to refurnish and get an
apartment or something
so dreaming big but yeah that's just for
fun anyway yes another target run but in
the daytime we're not used to live so a
lot of the summer clothes are so
Coachella 2015 what is I think you
should get those too because you're only
gonna wear that once where'd you go
girls you are so Coachella oh my god
you know had to hit him with the French
toast one time and the Fruity Pebbles
and shout out to our new little homies
you can't beat the moon what up guys
don't mind my man bun Monday even though
it's not a man bun I have my hair back
so that I've used for basketball anyway
so we just set a new record for the
dream crew for the QoP history we hit 1
million views in not a week not a month
but in two days man this is incredible
and there's so much going on then I
don't even know what to say at times man
I'm not used to this stuff so right now
I'm actually putting my DVR on record
because
there is a very slight possible chance
that I'm gonna be featured on Good
Morning America because they contacted
me so I'm gonna put it on record oh yeah
man this is crazy there if anything this
didn't make me want to relax and enjoy
it
and maybe want to work harder and be
able to get a million views every single
week when I upload a new video I haven't
really been vlogging the past two days
because I've just been doing a lot of
editing and staying home and plotting
for the next videos and things like that
so it's not really anything exciting
it's been crazy two days but um I would
like to announce I forgot to tell you
guys is that the new video because
usually I released a video every Sunday
but the new video for this week is gonna
be releasing on this Friday so remember
that this Friday new video the prank I
did on Ashley who's upstairs you can't
see it but hopefully it's another banger
man you know I'm not gonna get my hopes
up I got it I know I got a follow a
really good video but I'm really
confident in this one and I really like
this one too so we'll see what happens
y'all anyway have a good day
love you guys dream crew cruces induced
crew everything shaft and whole crew
miss you guys and shoutouts actually for
letting me dunk on her and make it as
possible and season baby coos you guys
guys this is not an April Fool's joke I
swear on my life I have the biggest news
in the world I don't even know what to
say right now this is crazy I feel like
this is honestly like a dream or an
April Fool's joke but it's legit and
this is amazing I can't believe it guys
I'm on the way to the airport right now
guys I'm all the way to SFO Airport and
getting on a flight to New York City
tomorrow morning I'm gonna be on Good
Morning America Wow New York City I'm
coming baby
ABC Good Morning America tomorrow
morning catch me on there I'm gonna be
dunking on cards
shoutout to microbat this is amazing man
this is a straight blessing man all
because of the amazing support of you
guys my family my friends my crew will
shoot with me all the time who is down
for everything looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like that a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those I ain't laughs in
a while I'll talk to a wizard and if you
ain't with it well you can get steppin
you can love me when it's easy when it's
light you get to step in
it'll come back and just turn into a
blessing cuz god is so good god is so
good god is so good how can I say no
Hawking I got it so good it gave me a
lot
