we made it on SportsCenter so guys look
at this 21 hours a hundred twenty two
thousand views what the I don't know how
that happened I woke up two ninety five
thousand views and I was in shock and
then an hour later it's at one hundred
twenty two thousand views
first of all shout out to everyone who
shared and tweeted it you guys are the
reason why it's at those numbers right
now and it's crazy YouTube themselves
through the YouTube trending Twitter
they tweeted hit thank you guys man
thank you to everyone who retweeted and
shared it and watched it and sorry for
my raspy voice but I should have left
like five minutes ago to pick up Ashley
from the airport but I'm still here
because thank you
feeling really good today man really
really good boy honestly I thought this
videos only gonna get like 20,000 views
or whatever and I thought a lot of
people are gonna be disappointed but I
posted it because I loved it put it out
there and it's getting crazy responses
and damn I'm just really thankful right
now so thank you to everyone who did
support it I appreciate you guys I love
you guys we need a crew baby we coming
through next week or next week's prank
is crazy on Ashley
I mean this week this Sunday this
Sunday's video and we always say down
down down down down down down oh no
she's back how was your trip your
vacation away from me that's good enough
yet a good time and Rico suave didn't
come sweep you away from the video got
shared by you okay mil No
so a few more accounts so it's doing
really good I think it's almost at
$150,000 and it's crazy so yeah we just
waiting to eat cuz we haven't eaten all
day and I just picked her up in the
airport of my babies right there
forget him chillin good I know so he's
gonna go that's a girl to girl glasses
on laying in bed she think she's a
superstar now I know Kat that's it here
sweetheart right in the vagina you know
this is crazy
slam magazine the magazine that I used
to buy all the time collect every
month's issue their Twitter account and
Facebook and all that even their website
they posted it on everything it's crazy
man they posted the new video I was
shocked when I saw that and I got an
email from another network that I'm not
gonna say yet cuz I my hopes up but uh
possibly could be somewhere else
err but that's how I'm gonna tell you
for now y'all gotta stay tuned man so I
almost forgot to show you guys this in
the WWE vlog yesterday the WrestleMania
vlog as you guys remember I snuck down
to like ringside at the end
and every pay-per-view event they have
these chairs for the first like ten rows
or so and they get to take the chair
home it's like a souvenir and for the
price they pay they better get more than
that but um but anyway we went all the
way down and some people weren't taking
their chairs so my brother-in-law took
one so you get the WrestleMania
collector's item with all the main
eventers on here you see undertaker and
all those Triple H John Cena
mr. Lesnar and then the date and
everything to shout out to Wrestlemania
I still can't get over it and I'm just
having a great start of the week
yesterday WrestleMania freakin waking up
to a hundred thousand views and now the
video is at 200,000 views what the hell
like it's just exploding it might be the
first video to ever get a million views
in a week at this pace but I'm not
jinxing it hopefully but anyway I wanted
to show you guys something else will not
fully show you but I want to tease you
guys okay so I got something special and
I don't think I'm going to show you guys
right away but I'm gonna show you that
you guys want to see
well you guys are gonna have to wait
because I'm not gonna show you right
away
uh-huh we'll see how many vlogs I feel
like leading this on but uh there's
something pretty nice in here maybe I'll
give you a little preview nope
so yeah there's something nice in there
I can't tell you what it is but uh we'll
see how long I can drag this along and
tease you guys so we're supposed to go
to Target right now I just picked up
Ashley and then my Twitter and my text
from like Harris and everybody and not
some other people texted me and said
that we made it on SportsCenter so we're
gonna go I rush back straight to the
house about to go watch it I don't even
know I'm like in shock right now but
they did reach out to me earlier today
and that's the news I was telling you
guys about so let's go watch it for the
first time and I don't really don't even
know what to say man this is crazy like
SportsCenter is the you know it's the
top of the top so actually does it feel
to be on SportsCenter
tell you when I see myself on TV a
sister unfortunately they didn't replay
it again and I missed it but people sent
me pictures of it and I'll show you guys
some right now they told me that they
were actually they contact me contacted
me through email they said they were
gonna send me a video so hopefully they
send it to me so I could show you guys
show it to you guys and never thought in
a million years I'd be on ESPN or Sports
Center at all like it's crazy they don't
even know what to say I wanted to see it
so bad I don't want to see here and just
make up with some cliche about following
your dreams and all that stuff cuz you
already know how much I push that but
it's just myth anything could happen
that's when each other just to tell you
guys right now I'm still watching ESPN
like they're gonna do it again but I'm
just waiting hopefully they show it
again hopefully makes it on sports
nation I don't know that plays in the
morning but we'll see but anybody who
saw if you guys do have a video let me
know get dunked on again
y'all want to see what's in here but
you're not gonna be able to and I know
this blog wasn't amazing or whatever we
barely did anything today we're gonna
get back to work tomorrow work on some
new videos for you guys because you
can't can't get comfortable no matter
what happens even if you want yes P N or
if you're on whatever if you reach one
goal you still gotta work hard to reach
other go so we still grind it out for
you guys and we will be back at it
tomorrow and a new video this Sunday of
me pranking her for the Easter special
for all my people that do Easter so you
and yeah yeah we just dropped some
bangers out of here baby thank you guys
for watching another vlog again sorry
this one wasn't the best but we will be
back at it tomorrow I keep watching
SportsCenter so I guess um thank you
guys give me a give and give this vlog a
big thumbs up because just because
because we out here doing reaching goals
accomplishing things we'd never think we
would accomplish what I talk for too
long anyway you're on the say bye okay
and dream kuku season change your dreams
anything's possible
we the coop we out here I keep going
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle
