what is going on everybody your boy
touched down in there six bands feel
like he's home you know I'm saying
how you feeling rough yeah we'll talk -
I'm feeling good you know if I'll be
Dave tickle explode yeah fire kicks with
his first pair of Jordans Tony yo that's
it I got it name-brand with good buddy
how you doing
I mean yeah imma put my backpack I'll
just throw it over okay so guys we are
in Toronto we landed a few hours ago I
did not film at the airport or anything
cuz we had a red-eye flight it would
have felt like it was like boring but
we're all we're all together now Tony
bull named brand fire cakes Mina Brenda
new addition Brenda introducing her I
need to put my so what's going on for
today basically with my personal life
I'm about to upload my car rappin video
and I'm nervous because I feel like
people are gonna the people are gonna
hate you know I'm saying
everyone's gonna be I mean it didn't
like it I loved it other than that we're
about to go to York Dale hit up some
stores ovo store off-white store said
just got me demonetized bro fun fact I
only made $60 off of that song and we
spent $600 in the student I specially
scented always in the studio but it's
still you know it was a good song you've
got no line that you
but we said how many albums did I sell
though because YouTube views count now
so I sold I think I sold 450 albums you
booked out here selling records I might
have to make another song soon but yeah
so we'll see you guys in New York Dale
and you know you boys just feel like a
home it's at 6:18 yeah fire kick Stella
I'm telling them it's a gif of that you
know that oh oh you're vibro you turn
the 6 upside down to 9 alright guys so
we just got to Yorkdale about the head
of the ovo star you know I'm saying
might have to call it Drake and let them
know we coming through should we do it
or ya know just text and rope I don't
know I don't want to disturb him you
know he's in New York right now yeah but
you just we got some problems we just
hit one okay okay for sure yeah if they
don't let us in so I'm sittin alright
alright what sounds good but I don't
know how the mall security is gonna be
we all have big ass camera so I'm
assuming they're gonna run upon this
quick but we're gonna get some shopping
in and then after this we're gonna go to
downtown area you know I'm saying siient
our vibes got to say what's up to the
roots you know I'm saying yeah we all
here chance for us was good yo you did
novak we've been walking around for a
minute now we haven't bought anything
but this mall is huge all know we're
coming to the designer section i see the
designer versace we're trying look for
the ovo store this mall is so huge I
can't find it man's been pulling enough
you know we don't know now they know
okay okay oh you know be a good vlog for
the day people reacting to my car you
mean you were the first person what do
you think I love it it's subtle and it's
sleek and the matte black makes it like
a little meaner car damn real one real
ones no me no what do you think you saw
my erection unless you didn't
no I didn't put that in there everyone
else is it's dope unless it just trying
to make me feel better just a green
alien painted on the top of his hood
yeah Hobbit what is this it's cause and
then you pulled out the ridiculous shoes
with it ridiculous those are fire
I need your reaction honestly I'm not
gonna lie I mean as cleaners it's very
clean car I like thank you think you're
gonna give me the monetizing
family-friendly my bad my bad my nice
clean stuff like it all right cool
that's two for one right there two
people like it one person because I
didn't like it oh my god
oh well that's I'm not gonna say you
already know is gonna happen name Brad
what do you think he's super dumb huh
yeah it's like it's different that's the
whole thing that is unreal what would
you do it well you said use the rap cars
but what would you do if you have to
wrap your car for a YouTube video
obviously you know you want to go viral
what would you do because you do crazy
shit yeah
I've been looking into it three honestly
yeah oh you don't wanna give out too
much info no what I want is gonna be
censored on YouTube that's oh my god
guys look at ovo it's so nice
so freakin late dude I actually never
expected you to be here you know we all
here Steiger Khan vibes
yes dude what's the scoop - oh it's cool
- oh hey my man scoop - Oh a tea scoop -
Oh a tease Tony what do you think in
there inserted and but like yeah I
really it really surprised me couldn't
II was talking about what you were gonna
do and you pulled out the cars and that
was pretty but the matte black those
killer
yeah the rims and it's actual it's not
like that it's actual painted no it's a
drip drip I guess we gotta leave them
all right now we didn't but literally
none of us bought anything we just
window shop so many people came out and
showed love like just like walking here
I don't know it was literally like every
corner I know I really haven't been
doing much today but I did an unboxing
yesterday so we're gonna flashback well
I mean you guys already know what it is
but this was my first reaction to it so
I'm just gonna flashback to that hit the
intro this is my first reaction to
having these BAM okay so basically with
this shoe I didn't plan to own this shoe
when I did my car rap I just did the car
rap cuz that's what I wanted to do and
then I was hit up by my boys at social
supremacy and they said hey we have this
would you like to would you you want it
and then I was like oh my god that's
perfect
so I actually traded some sneakers for
this and I made it happen and I'm very
very excited for this as you guys can
see sample tag so this is a friends and
family only sneaker and we are gonna
open it up here you got the air right
there with
logo so very few people have this in
this world right now very very few
people have this oh my god
Wow
I can't believe I own this shoe right
now BAM the cause for in the black
friends and family colorway huge shout
out to the soul supremacy team for
making this happen okay first things
first you've got the little tag right
here the COS air tag right there jump
men on that side it's literally the same
thing as the gray pair but it's black
and now I don't know if these are gonna
release there is a chance they will
release I heard 2018 but I needed them
guys I needed to have these for the
unveiling of the car I needed to have it
for that high posting them on Instagram
and all that stuff with the car so oh my
god this shoe is so freakin beautiful as
you guys can see on the back you got
that cause air logo it's not as furry
right here on the tongue area but it's
still it's still pretty good oh my god
like I don't even know how to describe
the shooter you guys it is so freakin
beautiful I never in my life dreamed
about having these types of sneakers and
now you know working hard and and all
that I'm able to get stuff like this so
I can show you guys firsthand and so
that I can do dumb stuff like wrapping
my car and cause so that it can go on my
Instagram and make a video out of it but
these are too beautiful man we got it we
got a you know we got a transition to
some b-roll right now so we're gonna do
that
cheese see at our boy man let's just say
your boyfriend really chilly out here
you know more true for your head top
watch how you speak of my name I can
only imagine how much hate we're gonna
get in the car
people are already tweeting me saying
stop saying 6:00 nobody calls it 6:00
anymore they only call it six the let
that the number six not si echo man guys
a few years ago it was my first ever
event out here in Toronto
Toronto's the first place that showed
love to me brought me out here and when
we went up there we went all the way to
the top and I did a motivational talk it
was like super motivating because it was
the first time that I'd ever traveled
for like YouTube had got me to travel
the world and now we are we back out
here with the whole crew man the YouTube
has brought us back ten years later or
six years later whenever it was it's
crazy that he's still out here bro I
took brah brah y'all you already know it
is no car rap video go check it out you
already know this link down below hey go
check out my video because my channel is
what they died help me help me guys
scoop 2:08 hey my man you're watching
this go to my channel man Tony D to wild
and just say yo I saw I saw you in
crisis video I'm here to provide a view
to the starving children on 22 hours
channel I'm gonna link you bruh
I will I will do it he never likes
nobody and I forget from IV remind me
coupe 208 is not for the check out
Tony's channel we always put stress we
always kick it we never promote each
other though but anyway Gatorade six
government come away giveaway coming
soon stay tuned guys I just feel like I
want to make a drink music video right
now we might have to do a little montage
how many seconds can I put a song on
without getting copyright in 30 seconds
I feel like it that's kind of risky I
thought I was like 10 seconds you do 10
yeah yeah alright 10 second Drake music
video montage
right now
Oh guys some homies pulled up on us was
good you know what's good crew family
man up from Montreal oh it comes to yeah
shut up Christian shop Rashad Rashad
yeah yeah they cover the seeker Khan
Tomas is gonna be pretty late and we're
in the CN Tower they saw our snapchat so
they came out they came down yeah
showing that love and appreciate you
guys yeah alright Jacob just pulled up
on us you ready to see the car I'm ready
to see the car I mean I don't think it's
nice in mine but no I just have a really
nice car whoa that's pretty fire
actually I was gonna just make a joke
and be like my Honda Civics way harder
but damn that's crazy
do you like it yeah that's super sick I
would tell you if I was lying I normally
don't like raps to be honest when you
first told me when I heard it was a rap
I was like I was kind of scared but now
I'm like damn this is kinda I was gonna
be like paper supreme or some yeah
definitely I wanted to do a curve ball
that was sick bro especially at hood let
me show you that there's an accessory to
it okay
you know no he did just like flex yeah
you is this like your shoe call you just
leave this in your car then yo I didn't
even I didn't even plan to do that
together like I got offered the shoe
after I had already designed the rap all
right guys so we are about to head to
dinner right now we're going to Drake's
restaurant what is it called rings rings
rings Briggs Briggs really rings we got
reservations and we're gonna go check it
out and I see Tony and a Jacob talking
over there um it looked like they're
talking about something serious so I'm
with you guys look at that
I'm gonna go put my camera over there
and see if I could hear what they're
saying hey let me just leave my camera
right here can you watch it real quick
yeah I'll put it right here
yeah although your flight was at 7:00
all of us up yeah well I left at 7:00 I
got to Chicago at like
but what you think is a priceless thing
that cost me
Thanks you got it yeah thank you I think
they were saying good stuff about me
anyway guys all right so we're walking
to dinner right now I don't think I'm
gonna vlog at dinner just cuz it's more
of like a private type of thing but I'm
definitely check in with you guys
afterwards and catch mobs catching vibes
all right guys back at the hotel now and
I'm about to call it a night because
sneaker Con is tomorrow so you boy got
to get some rest stay up late and do
that editing life thank you guys for
watching hit that thumbs up you already
know what it is
jhunku I'm out of here relax
peace
