sorry for the cheesy intro guys welcome
to another vlog welcome to another day
in my life today is Saturday for me
Sunday for you new video for you guys
today head to the main channel if you
have not already because there is a
video and it is the link is in the
description depending on what time of
the day you watch this so if you're
watching this right when I post it it's
not there yet but if you're watching it
after a couple hours then it will be
there man so check it out love you guys
and let's get this day started I'm
feeling great today had some good sleep
spend a lot of last night editing last
night's vlog and I just feel good today
man so when I feel good I hope my family
crew family feels good so everybody hope
you guys have spent time with your
family like I've been asking you and
comment down below what you did with
your family depends if if I gave you
some motivation to spend time with your
family so if you did comment down below
what you did with your family I would
love to read your stories and read what
you guys did do so yeah we're just
trying to do something new man I'm not
just trying to ask you guys to watch
this or buy this or support this I'm
asking you guys to go spend time with
your family so I want to know what you
guys did alright and yeah I'm going to
the bank right now having ate breakfast
or anything because we're shooting in 30
minutes for a sneak peek I mean not
sneak peek for crew cakes we're filming
a new sneak peek and yeah it's gonna be
a fire episode that's all I could say so
let's get it what are we doing usually
got done from and Isis coup cakes
episode it's gonna be crazy I want to
thank him for coming out
this is just a preview of what you guys
are gonna see in a few weeks or this
week depending on when I decide to post
it but yeah fire shot - JP his
collections going down I'm just kidding
totally on fire guy that wants to look
so we're having another bromance right
now me and my lovely husband of eight
years I'm just kidding
Zara Zara no say hi to the people
watching this say hi people watching
this we're going to butcher the backhoe
right now hold a pepper hi Mila Mila
birthday
she is not much to say right now but I
got a bootleg Michael Jackson over here
Ava don't watch that God entertaining
circus we kind of scary
I know I think I should pull it off I
think I'd be a better elephant Gazzara
what are you eating so tell everyone
what you're eating
thank you look at this fire right here
guys so we live in university now had
some good family time you know what I'm
saying got out the house have some fun
with the family hope you guys did the
same on this beautiful Saturday I know
it's Sunday for you guys watching this
now
heading out in kind of chilly so I'm not
sure with the rest of the night holds
for me but
time's it 907 okay so we'll see what we
do
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while I'll talk to a whiz
