alright guys so we drove in our 20
minutes to this Chinese restaurant that
I've taken you guys before they've never
been these people are on vacation from
March 3rd to March 30th so we came all
the way here for no damn reason so now
we're going to the city and we're just
gonna go to Nike and then eat in the
city probably worst case grab some
Blondie's like we usually do
yeah no no Blondie's cuz they gave me
blue ranch or blue cheese laughs so I
said with tens a ranch out first we'll
ask them for answers but that
disrespectful how you gonna put on my
ranch I'm trying my pizza you don't say
not everyone's as smart as you here is
they don't know the difference between
blue ranch and their family like call me
fat whatever but it
just like a fairy
oh so we got the city kind of late
things are closing and all that good
stuff but we're still trying to enjoy it
we're trying to get some food right now
so we're gonna go see what the wait is
where Cheesecake Factory in Union Square
swagga once again you want to throw them
a 100 right now you want to do it later
y'all can set us on 100 I don't care
whoever whoever thinks that my brother
right here does not work hard does not
grind you guys don't know this guy stays
up to 5:00 6:00 a.m. for you guys I've
seen it when I woke up after I've seen
him and he's on his grind he does it for
you guys man y'all gotta appreciate
appreciate what he does that's what I
have to say about that and for another
100 good intentions sometimes turn into
bad decisions yeah sorry daddy
my boy thank you brother for the card
words hugging in the San Francisco area
I don't think it's a good place to uh
yeah man I mean I'm not asking for
appreciation for that type of stuff
I just want you guys to know that I do
put in work maybe you guys some people
disagree but hey all we can do is prove
the people wrong you know what I'm
saying so let's go eat because we own
great
oh and one exactly one week until fast
and furious guys Furious 7 I'm so
excited
and I've been waiting like four years
for this rest in peace to my boy Paul
Walker who I grew up with as an idol
watching fast and furious he was a
natural to me even though I felt like
the whole fast if you just crew was like
my family because I watched that so much
I literally watched the first Fast and
Furious like a hundred times not even
exaggerating right now well Austin won
six in a week yeah and exactly in one
week so next Thursday 7 p.m. I'm
watching it you best believe that
struggle is real right now we're trying
to find a place to eat they didn't want
blondie
so now I think we're gonna go get some
CPG a California Pizza Kitchen yeah I
hate to look into those eyes see lousy
okay good they're not even attractive
while you do this okay
I'm gonna cut it baby with the solo
ready bow bow I'm Derek and I can sing
hi dad
and I can see how
yeah y'all looking for a new one
direction so we're California Pizza
Kitchen huh California Pizza Kitchen
right now everyone is pretty occupied
with their cellular devices and other
things around here I just realized I
didn't put a 100 for the lot I mean uh
100 how Paris for the last vlog
so I put his phone away quick he missed
texted day ladies he's gonna be look
like the couple you look like the couple
from Kevin Mitchell from Modern Family
if the price camp they want to eat them
that time
no more hormones
yeah so I'm do the final to a whole
course make sure you remember that I
don't even know what's next what are we
filming this week I have no idea but I
have a list the video is that I want to
show the much-anticipated was two guys
one kebab two guys kebabs coming out so
what he done
shake your head to be like part two is
halfway done there's a few more scenes I
want to add to it I got the so I think
that actually Frank and then the other
Frank that I think I'm really seeing
tomorrow so really we should put our
cell phones in the middle brothers once
the food it's how you put his phone
thing but here's a oh you can't do that
he said put your phone meaning singular
I'm sorry the Apple King all of a sudden
it's your sniper glass applique one
iPhone is Apple team Steve okay so we
just got done eating these guys didn't
like their food hairs didn't like it I
loved it you got food poisoning G you
good everyone crazy
so I agree to act like their foods
oversize and we have a surprise guest
he's from YouTube he has his own YouTube
channel I would give it up oh we got
eight can I get a picture bro I'm a big
fan I'm a big fan bro that's him I'm
ready you slept with Janet Jackson right
ladies I'm sending this to my mom in
Afghanistan can you say hi to protect
okay thank you that mom that's my wife I
shot it on internal let Harrison hashtag
let Harris it shot good are you gonna
feed me CPK before my big one direction
on additional Blondie's are so good in
myself I told them to go to Blondie's
like now we want something different
small world
all right guys we came to Treasure
Island right now me and Adam Harris
Dustin and swagger are still on the stem
they're on the other side of San
Francisco and we are on this side so
they're still in the city so they're
still over there they're probably
actually on the bridge right now
but look at this beautiful view and this
is the bay right here for you guys that
is San Francisco if you can see over
here that's the new bridge over there
and then it goes to over here there's a
tunnel in the middle and then it
connects to the old bridge right there
and this is just beautiful
what do you gotta say one word to
describe this site right here I'll do
this right oh we have to get the cash
out right now okay
oh no sane I mean it's a really nice
view I said won't work you oh my fault
one word yeah for what to describe this
site right here beautiful
that was really cliche I know so we're
gonna need like 20,000 back for that
yeah that's all right
contract our contract you're a great
business man thank you
okay anyway yeah we're waiting for
Harrison them to come but we're just
enjoying this beautiful sight oh my god
this guy would do some weird pose like
that oh my god chilling right now look
at this beautiful view the whole crew
here it's reminiscent of our life right
now and all of our times okay well now
we're gonna take a picture so damn US
average you go jump in the water
give us your poster yeah do the swagger
pose Oh
strike a pose y'all know al yuppies
right you know it
Chris Paul this uh Blake Griffin yeah
oh my god
here we're here already Alif so we ended
up coming over right now but turn up
about the whale I'm just stupid it like
right now you know me
nine times not a star strong as you can
see - watts selects the ball he's
selected the ball of his choice
here we go mr. Omar
why blackout for strikes in a row
there you go up
and the slobo so I got you feeling right
now
I got one strike horrible
you plant
he cursed it oh it's right Bobby Caffey
oh you Oh who you fighting Oh
the real bowling
I think we should just put the camera
down right now we don't need to know
that gee just gonna put it out there
bread deep deep
ever right in the vagina
so swagger daddy wins bowling fangrad
don't get used to it hey guys it's
illegal
oh no handles plays college basketball
but has no handles
you're letting the ladies down
what's up no handles
so we're back home now guys
charis is right here just in Chatham and
drag it Diddy got some snakes right now
I'm mowing the lawn and I'm seeing for
the snakes right now yes oh there were
some snakes at cheese cave by chain all
I gotta say is that they need to get
audited because they've got some snakes
in that restaurant no because they don't
cook their food right off food plus
we're talking my cheesecake like a Nazi
pkg get your facts right well I'm gonna
have to say anyway tomorrow you guys
will be all nothing there was just too
many snakes there so tomorrow
it's Saturday for you guys for tomorrow
new video and also mean Harris will be a
Wrestlemania right Sunday this is gonna
go up tomorrow geez this guy's just we
are there so watch our snapchats well
yeah
here is give me your snapchat here the
next vlog right
give him your stuff to Jim just kitty
risque 15 and follow my snapchat it's Q
underscore season I think I'm thinking
about changing my name's oh yeah you
should know keep it why let's play it
out right
no stop play out I just you know
sometimes you know people can find me
easily I guess I'll give you a reason to
find me is believed huh
nothing Harris hey 15s that's too much
too tight that's all his networks like
you and his myspace was hair escape he
does psychobos
Real Talk guys just rewind this video
please give it a big revine and then
retweet it please we're gonna eat you up
on 100 right now and then the people are
gonna vote who had the better the best
100 each so you guys remember swags 100
from earlier you ready
yes
always remember when you're pointing a
finger there's three pointing back at
you when it's raining outside inside
your head is full of bright shining
happiness okay dr. Seuss is pissed about
that right that's the best best game
changer you can't think about that yeah
you can't think about because it doesn't
make sense
no you can't geez it's over I'm not
gonna give you one honey I'm gonna give
you a freestyle look like it'd be
complicated you kind of debate it why is
there a cheetah on the floor what you
can't even eat with the baby usually
eaten you need a tripod if you want to
fit me to beat you trying to pull my
butt and you trying to touch my cheek I
don't go that way I like you Harris you
saw you need to go to Paris which all
eras eras 100 managed to get 100 likes
and I don't know what all right guys
take it easy mr. frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one then those ain't
laughs in a while don't talk to a whisk
