you're gonna drop the ball okay let's go
guys
beautiful day in the bay what can I say
everything I put together is amazing
that's what my last name is Omar cuz I'm
amazing okay I don't know what I'm
saying sorry for this stupid clip such a
beautiful day guys
beautiful Cali weather I just said this
on my snapchat but enjoy your weekend
enjoy your day it's Friday for you guys
and I challenge you guys to spend some
time with your family instead of just
staying at home and being on the
computers and watching my videos or
wherever you watch or whatever you do
put it down go outside take your family
out for some ice cream
enjoy life you know what I'm saying but
watch my new video on Sunday don't
forget about that because that's pretty
commercial she's leaving me this weekend
so I'm gonna be kind of lonely you're
going to Wrestlemania it's true I will
be at WrestleMania yes
shout out the hair all day Saturday mine
I'm spending time with my family action
decided are you my sister told me that
the cousins are getting together
where I don't know yeah they don't know
she just texted me like an hour
anyway oh you're not gonna be here
that's mean anyone invite me they set it
up so that you wouldn't be in town and
we did now we're going to Costco guys so
let's go get some free samples and I
never oh we gotta get movie tickets and
free samples because we were going to
watch the new Kevin Hart and Will
Ferrell movie because those are two of
my favorite actors in the world will
know the Will Ferrell is Will Ferrell
Kevin Hart is funny he's like the top
comedian right now sure go for a pharaoh
is at the top of the time okay I want to
show you something though I just
discovered this like god dammit
oh yeah the top closes - okay first of
all you don't smoke weed second of all
that is a bike rack it balls like yeah
that was super like
that one is 170 that's the kick
I'm so scared I would do it but I'm too
chickens
so that bored that I just rode was
pretty smooth I'm used to a skateboard
but I mean I don't skateboard anymore
skateboard just for fun I couldn't do
any trick foot that thing was really
smooth and I really like this I think
I'm gonna get one probably a dumb buy
but it's gonna be fun I don't know I'm
thinking about it I'll see if I'm still
wanting it tomorrow and then I'll come
back and get it cuz they're here till
Sunday so if any of you guys have that
board or that type of or let me know
what you guys let me know if you guys
think I should get one just for fun oh
it's time to get some free samples
I'm very cherry juice so we're going to
the park right now it's ara say hi Zara
you excited okay we're gonna go to the
park we got meal over here hi
okay she's excited for the park let's go
so we're taking my little cousins to the
park and have a nice day nice outside
you ready Zara show them your shoes
we're matching right we both have Jordan
ones on she doesn't have Jordan oh my
god you're gonna drop the ball hi Mila
sorry you're going pretty high you're
not scared
good job you having fun okay good job
what are you doing Mila okay so I guess
we're having a water fight over here
somehow some way
so what happens when so the walk was
longer than we expected Emil is just
relaxing with their head all the way
back
while we're home now so it's good to go
check it out guys
I'm at home right now relax and still
time from the park but it was a good
time I turned on the vlog camera for one
reason and that's because uh I got into
my shower and there was no hot water
I guess our water heaters out or
something but you know I was kind of
pissed at first but then you got to
remember that there's people in this
world who don't even have clean water
never have hot water there's people who
can't even get water period so I sucked
it up through my body in there with the
freezing cold water screamed a couple
times there was a couple girly screams
in there but you know whatever I just
did it and honestly it kind of feels
better to take a cold shower I don't
know why after not during after but um a
man just be grateful for what you have
is what I'm pretty much trying to say
sorry I was looking at the screen again
be grateful for what you have appreciate
what you have whether it's the water in
your house the shower the chairs the bed
the clothes the shoes all that stuff
be grateful with what you have because
if somebody out there who doesn't have
it so just a little 100 for you guys and
yeah man she wanted to tell you guys
that because that's what was on my mind
while I was showering in that cold water
so and there's a hair on my tongue
and another one or that's the same one
anyway I'm gonna watch some videos on my
as myself will not so there are some
YouTube videos I wanted to watch
actually Oh in my pocket what an idiot
what are people thought we at that
movies right now about to watch this new
movie called get hard by Kevin Hart and
will not buy but starring Kevin Hart and
Will Ferrell I'm super excited as you
can see right now actually super excited
and I will let you guys know for sure
how it is I'm putting high standards on
this Oh
for Fantastic Four okay let's watch this
and I'll let you guys know okay guys
it's currently 531 a.m. I just dropped
off Ashley to the airport for her little
vacay or whatever but I'm not even tired
of might awake but I just wanted to end
this vlog by telling you guys Oh first
of all the Will Ferrel first of all the
wheel Pharaoh and the Kevin Hart movie
it was good I liked it they did get
together there was some really funny
parts and then there are some parts it
was kind of dull
Ashley hated it she was really mad she
said if she wanted her money back but I
think it's funny I think it's worth it
if you like both those actors it's gonna
be worth it and other than that excited
for a great weekend hope everyone has a
great Friday like I said you guys you
know try to spend time with your family
put the computers away put your phones
away have a good time and I'm about to
sleep now wake up in a few hours
cop some ovo Mitchell Ness collab stuff
for fun cuz I'm stupid and then Harrison
them are actually coming through and we
are going to go to the city today cuz
I'm gonna take them to the best Chinese
food in the world it's in San Francisco
it's not in China and I'm gonna be
hanging out so it should be a great vlog
for you guys tomorrow
okay so so yeah should be a fun fuck
with their new video this Sunday
don't forget thank you guys for watching
if I get a big thumbs up for you guys
thank you love you miss you dream KU
Westside looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head
wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'm talk to a wizard
