looking like you bought to rob a bank
but all you make is deposits you feel me
y'all what up guys welcome to another
day in my life I am Christ and today
besides the fact that I got some new
shades on my frames I mean frames on my
face what if I come to your house it's
Wednesday
you know I always start these vlogs with
like no energy and I'm sorry I should be
brightening up my tone of voice for you
guys so you can see that I'm happy
because I'm always happy even if I've
got a phrase like this I'm still happy
baby because I'm living and as long as
I'm living I can't complain and yeah I
wanted to show you guys my new glasses
my new Ravens that I got Ashley says
they're women's glasses but I don't
think so I think I think they're unisex
but I really like them what do you guys
think let me know if any of you guys
know if their girl I could see that they
kind of look girly when I have them to
the sides like this but when I have them
like this I think they looked dope I get
like one pair of glasses a year so this
was my 2015 glasses let me know what you
think these are the ones that I got two
years ago for my birthday
I love these ones but it's always good
tap options so I always get like one
pair here so but I hit it with the work
boy but anyway going to Ashley's house
right now it's actually 3 o'clock I
uploaded yes the vlog today crew kicks
was supposed to come out today and I'm
really sorry but I didn't upload it it
was my personal choice I had the episode
ready and I said I'm not gonna upload it
one because YouTube is being extremely
slow it took me from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
to upload just my 1 vlog now I don't
know if it's actually YouTube or if it's
my Wi-Fi or what but I asked people my
Twitter and they all said that other
youtubers are complaining too so if I
were to upload crew kicks it would have
took another 3-4 hours and on top of
that I wanted to just combine make next
week's episode even better by combining
this weekend next week's episode so
forgive me for missing another week of
crew kicks but next week we'll be back
but anyway crew cakes is just a side
thing man the main goal is main Channel
in the giving you guys some dope-ass
content on the main channel so that's
freaking hot right now it's a beautiful
day by the way I look okay but yeah so I
got four videos ready for the main
channel that's all I care about if you
are disappointed that I am not putting
in work on KU TV I'm sorry because I'm
putting in work on the main channel and
I might even film another video later
today so um it depends if Ashley's down
to do it so I gotta go talk to her and
see if she's down to do it but I think
I'm pretty persuasive like I said in the
last vlog so we went and watched TV and
napped for about an hour or two and I
couldn't insert into the video because
I'm very persuasive if she's doing the
video right to show embarrassing parts
of me you know I don't know I show show
that what God gifted me what do you
think I keep the camera like this right
now
young dust into the house
he's trying to make it on those s's are
backwards but that's not good for the
viewers here Ashley so we're at Target
right now and I'm doing more of those
dunks on Ashley but we're taking it to
another notch look at me I got my
YouTube tube socks on got the Kobe's on
yeah I showed you these are nothing from
YouTube space but out here this is good
enough it's gonna be a main Channel
video what if this is good enough it's
gonna be a main Channel video cuz I
marched I can't wait to watch that yeah
it's all over you looking like you bout
to rob a bank but all you make is
deposits you feel me Halloween was a
couple months ago sweet home alright
guys were done from Target we didn't buy
anything but got some good shots of me
dunking on her and I heard her a few
times but it's okay for the love it of
YouTube world and uh hopefully it's good
enough to upload I don't know hope you
got enough shots if we didn't we're
gonna have to be back here tomorrow for
round two game two and I got all sweaty
so this is
this is brother who leaves their cart
behind a car like annoying anyway yeah
it's time to go home but I want to show
you guys something when I go home I got
a sneaker unboxing for my sneaker heads
so I think Harris legit can be the new
fifth member of One Direction because
they lost Dane and he was Pakistani so
Harris is half-pakistani have Afghan so
let's get Harris to be in one direction
I wouldn't be mad at him if he left QoP
to be part of one direction honestly so
hopefully we could get a trending
worldwide hashtag put Harris in 1d it
kind of sounds funny but yeah man here's
a picture I think he already fits in
with the group about a month ago and I
wanted to honor something honor the 100k
that we hit on the main channel so
100,000 subscribers I wanted to make a
pair of shoes to honor that and so I've
decided to make these and
I guess I'm over that's how I do this
okay so I decided to make these and the
other inspiration for these is kind of
going with the grammy theme of the
lebron twelves that LeBron wore in a
game there in the night of the Grammys
now that's true in that colorway is not
going to come out that was a PE just for
him so I thought I'd might make my own
Nike ID version so I made these right
here I present to you guys the hundred K
rat me night LeBron twelves as you can
see sexy one of my favorite Nike IDs
I've ever done and to come on a Saturn
of LeBron fan I love the LeBron twelves
okay so on this shoe I actually wrote DQ
which represents you know it's a dream
crew and I put a hundred thousand and
then on this shoe I put DQ QoP 2015
because I'll see you we hit it and this
shoe not only reps my accomplishment of
hitting 100,000 but it also reps the
hundred thousand subs that are part of
the dream crew so shout out to everybody
this every time I wear these is for you
guys
and this is just a sexy black fade
colorway black this all start is the
all-star version by the way you got the
black and faded into the white faded
into the black my bad and this is our
brain pump is that what it's called
okay and then this is actually the
yellow um pause it but it looks gold so
it passes for a gold and then this is
just smooth sexy it's like black with a
little bit of matte and this actually
swooshes 3m I didn't even know was gonna
be 3m but really satisfied with these as
you can see my Grammy 900k specials
LeBron twelve so shout out to everybody
that's a sub on the main channel you're
the reason why I have these and I love
you guys and thank you to my
what cameraman I'm a girl hi guys that's
it for today's vlog hope you guys
enjoyed I know it was kind of short but
sweet we'll see you guys tomorrow hope
everyone that's a great Thursday and
then yeah man just give it a big thumbs
up because that's what you're supposed
to do on YouTube and I because I love
you guys and because the lighting itself
leaking right now and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
this could looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you'll know what
I feel like got a lot of voices in my
head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
then those ain't laughs in a while I'll
talk to a wiz
