father's life the Justin doggystyle
what's up so I get it's not animals
inside so anyway we're chefs of you are
at chefs of New York in Modesto
chef summoners and we hares are the only
ones that have had authentic New York
Pizza so these guys are here I don't
know what I don't know they're arguing
about but three guys arguing about so he
says I'm saying that it's not gonna work
style and that we can't deal and take it
all depends on the ownership are they
really from New York do they have the
actual recipe
what do you think well obviously
inspiration has to come from somewhere
yeah here we go we're gonna be filming
today we're gonna be filming sneakerhead
to be like part to the much anticipated
one of the biggest videos on last year
so it's only right that we throw in a
part two because we got some don't tidy
this far in the video himself and yeah
swag wasn't in part one so we got him in
part two he doesn't wear sneakers that's
why I didn't put it against gamma boys
this is a mo mu DN
Oh
oh I think you go go ice up that shit
right now
so I'm filming right now sad to kill the
camp Hill Academy give them a two
hundred two hundred hour later later gee
liturgy he's gotta come over no don't
say that
to keep to me you don't say that okay
okay it comes from the mind okay um
anyway we're filming right now and swag
do you ever feel like a plastic bag
drifting to the wind drift away like the
sunset I don't know
with my world let's combine okay we're
gonna get 300 right now okay how about
you here's to give away every each the
hand that jerks you off go damn you want
to be Roman if you want to get you
all right so we got done filming like an
hour or two ago driving with the most
dangerous driver in the world right now
Rome okay relax you okay we're going to
the mall though in Paris is like he
thought it was a game day I don't know
help me
show me your pens guys please get Harris
new pants okay first we needed new music
nobody wanted to provide that for him so
maybe Lea maybe Mabley maybe you guys
will provide him with some new jeans
because my hereditary jeans are fine
nice that I wear the same jeans that
Peter Griffin wears and Family Guy
so I thinking of his 104 later today I
don't need to think did you like your
new a little picture thank you for 100 I
changed it up for my ship just like the
Coachella section no these are men's
Jesus a men's section this is straight
up by Coachella shit but these a I'm not
gonna lie these are hard right here how
much are they the only 390 shits Mac
Miller schoolboy q schoolboy q
yo so at the mall and why is there a
store called khru I need to sue these
motherfuckers for copyright what is this
they taking my mom fucking name bro like
are you serious
unless I'm suin
howdy
he's from Afghanistan he just came last
week okay so we walking around right now
I have no idea where swag enrollment
wins but why didn't you go to the
bathroom crucially and I don't like
tacos but these guys want to get tacos
and I think I'm gonna get Roetzel
pretzels because I'm hungry juice girl
damn it feels good to be a gangster a
real gangster ass nigga plays his cards
right deuces
always exposing me bro so Carson's diet
guys
that's why cheat week so
a little bad cheaply I'll enjoy putting
her mouth that's it he said
they're at the minutes tomorrow No
pottsy moment all right okay that's five
in the table right now you would have to
kill one marry one
I will marry Roman because I feel like
it's the most faithful in here I'll bone
Dustin Hayes a handsome dude crew TV
Saiga's gonna get boned by me that's
fine you go swag and then um actually my
sign me
who's gonna get like Ashley no shots
young ash for your pootis palabras
alright guys we are in the hood right
now at a taqueria taco truck Jessica's
follicle massage is me at ease I
promised these guys coming Modesto para
ellos jessica is taqueria enumerate
those a hockey sign artists Einstein
taco say he say
Frederico yesica Nigeria tacos we sing
quantization centavos open cocaina
anyway they're getting talked about not
getting tacos because obviously saw my
fat ass eat wet soap axles but a I
promise these guys just goes for like 10
years now I used to come here after like
football games and oh it's a high school
just not that far down there so
we can plan for the rest of the night is
honestly but honestly but we did shoot
we filmed sneakerheads to be like part
two we filmed about half of it so we're
still not done with that but we will be
done with that and it will be coming out
next month so don't expect it anytime
soon there will be out next month right
so Nick here has to be like part two
next month
and if you could been eating real bad
today
I mean candy Obama get to the gym
tomorrow and the day after that and the
day after that and the day after that
and the day after that and we go go hard
for the rest of the week
we're watching the Warriors game now
boys and blazers oh yeah curry doll
y'all nesic are you done
coming from the guy someone was wearing
a warrior shirt in yesterday's vlog none
of my business so we got like a couple
videos ready for you guys we got the
Ashley prank we got the so I pray we got
the stick your head part - what you call
them Wesley Matthews Wesley Matthews is
out for the season G we can fog homemade
x-games axioms not football fault anyway
so that's it for today's vlog guys had a
fun day shootin chilling relaxing doing
my taxes and all but the head home now
hold on are we so good like we're such a
great influence to the younger
generations about throwing footballs
around the house and all that good stuff
anyway so yeah productive day
sneakerheads be like we started filming
that and yeah that's pretty much it and
I need you guys to do me a favor give me
a big huge big thumbs up for this vlog
because it's an amazing vlog and because
I have to spend the rest of the night
editing it
Oh God thumbs down for that no I'm
skiing up thumbs down thumbs up Dustin
go thumbs up for that amazing play right
there and you got the whole Olympics
going on right now anyway thank you guys
for watching we love you guys we cool
see you tomorrow at another
Oh
oh my god hi guys just good
quick word 100 oh yeah go prosperity
execution parlors life the Dustin what
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle
this is real life you'll know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'll talk to a whiz
