when Dustin was told to turn in his
essays like you think I'm a snitch hi is
it now rose
I was running do the six with my wall
okay look at them crocks though hi Zara
sorry shows you out there now sir ballet
class outfit show us a move so know what
he's doing
oh good job Matt so I got did he know me
just hustle it on the D Dustin doesn't
live from here for Fremont oh come on
yeah LeBron James bye Bongo LeBron James
LeBron James LeBron James Bond James get
up
hey hold it I never do anything I ripped
my fucking key yeah uh something was
bound to rip chaga
anyway we just got this stuff for the
prank we're about to go prank Ashley and
we just got
so I can't tell you what we got but we
just got some stuff to Frank Ashley and
we are going to go now set up and then
I'm gonna suck my on I'm gonna suck
camshafts okay hi my little under three
hundred three hundred killer can suck my
ass alright so we did the Ashley prank
and then these freaking fobs turned it
around and threw it on me so they got on
main they got Ashley and then they got
me too so who they are geniuses you see
my children there I created a bunch of
monsters and I wish I could tell you
guys what the prank is but unfortunately
it's coming out in two weeks so you guys
got all actually guys it's a new week so
that means that one month from now you
guys will be seeing that video yeah damn
yeah
shit's fired man it's for Easter I'm not
gonna release it early oh you sir so
Wrestlemania yeah
won't you transfer money to our
treasurer to your Lord
that's a life lesson for those 200 kill
hello tell her what they're doing right
now he's too mixed in here for an hour
punch transfer money back then there was
a piece of shit when they could have
broke up Sam yeah she's a piece of shit
hey what a hundred help Harris get a
bank
our love
I
and I'm hungry too energy and fries
my cousin ages Tech he works at Burger
King
first all right now working at ha
what did you say said breaking ass
protein shakes chicken fry is
technically so chicken either right
let's go just gonna fix this oh brother
gonna be out you can find my tummy
fucking head so we going to eat right
now probably gonna get some DK because
as you heard Michigan big tangs
yeah and reduce cruise at full effects
wagger daddy gonna get my 100 hour later
but right now do it right now do it
right now
give you one right now
giving up on life is like disrespecting
your loved ones don't ever do that
that was a hundred with swagger daddy
Hey yeah get off my ass bro get off my
ass get off my ass bro
get off my ass
you don't want it hey watch your fucking
roll
all right guys that's the last vlog I'm
ever posting rest in peace to QoP what
does America come to Burger King
delivers yeah I thought I heard about
that like a year ago this Teresina oh
okay then got you a chicken fries look
at this poster oh yeah Dannan trying to
the right guy so check this anymore
BAM look at all this bad food we are
eating quad balls squad goals are at
all-time high
what about the snakes this picture
playing you are the father looking at
whole squad pics like snakes anyway we
all growing right now we got chicken
fries on deck rodeo chats burger was it
- burgers just yes yes we're just very
good okay okay official now we're gonna
go around the table and we're gonna each
give a 100 with it like the live your
love eat healthy never wait what'd you
say live your life
shrugs like dammit I was gonna keep
gonna I already gave one do no wrong
dude I love what you say do no wrong but
my never go to sleep listen si no Jimmy
what I love when Dustin was told to turn
in his essays like to the teachers like
you think I'm a snitch
let me drop that in school in sixth
grade okay okay good good I know I
dropped out of school she's a white boy
what's your attention right just recess
too many games
judo chop bang do you know Todd thought
I'd never see the day I'm okay so I
finally happiness is lost now that's
over too birthday in school dog good job
I now set to strike subpoenas but he's a
tough peanut always thinks of that sorry
she's gonna do good a Monroe okay have
to name everyone she right now so
welcome 12 the mellow yellow' Carmelo's
um the fruity pebble rock Flintstones um
Jeremiah 12 thank you God what about me
and then yours are the the Papa Smurf
blue the blue ball Papa Smurf's what
about what do you have on today I got
the EZ McFee Z Kevin LeBron e97 yo okay
so this is the first time I've done this
in years I went to my
and I got these old videos like cassette
tapes like this is what I used to record
my videos on not on a laptop this is
before YouTube man is what a real love
started like look at this I'm dancing to
Shakira the lighting kind of sucks but
that's your boy
if that dole wow man this is bringing
back crazy memories that I don't want to
remember this or this is the best video
we ever made me my cousin
hey we legit thought we were the g-unit
leave this music video
no I need to find a way to get all this
to my computer I don't know how to do
that shit if you guys know how to do
that shit comment down below tell me how
I can get this stuff to my computer so I
can upload all this old stuff
what's if you turn this back on me we're
part where boys dipped on me and now
give my husky good
ooh boom boom look at them Oh took a
shout out here give it to Angie give it
to him yeah this one goes out to a si
they were that made it so let's a si
Adam Adam slim and shit there you go
bah we're here at a fun okay I project X
but a Buble night it's like with MC
almost 12 o'clock guys are suiting it up
we're gonna get myself do you on three
yard it some late night hoops I did I
hope in I don't know great so here's a
little-known fact mean hairs have
probably only played basketball together
like ten times or less
Angie what do you reppin today kicks on
for it we're testing
twelve part of the lion pond
nine out of ten traction ten ten out of
ten if the closest what we get the
dumping we just got done playing our
team lost Killa cam is always going to
sleep - pit at 200
I'm too tired for - but okay they were
like Dustin my chance on the spa and
Harris well you know what after I gave
that 200 I was like I wasn't a good 200
and I looked at the comments and they're
like I wasn't a good 200 and I was like
I agree that wasn't a good to give it
let's give it some time then for you to
come back with some five work on it okay
bye y'all I love you so now it's time to
head out of here there's a good group
session I don't even know the time it is
when I'm tired look how red I am it is
107 a.m. and I had gonorrhea
I mean diarrhea damn fun YouTube exposed
I really think we got it from each other
that it had great success okay guys so
cam finally came up with the 200 so here
we go
should make time for your family so
today's my only day off and the way I
spent it was all fucking day with these
retards what these but these guys are a
good time these guys are a good time and
I'm that's words I'm more or less
speaking to myself like that make more
time for your family make more time for
your friends don't be afraid to
sacrifice sleep it's what is it 1
o'clock and 400 1:20 in the morning I
gotta wake up you're like six hours but
it's a good time because
or playing basketball you know I got to
see people I haven't seen in a while I
see my little brother so that's my 200
for you guys today
don't be afraid to sacrifice sleep so
especially if you're young and make time
for your friend but more importantly
make time for your family should also
now now Rose Mubarak now Rose my back's
off of happiness my last game eight
months so yes I live with him and I
barely seen him he's my trainer I go to
his house he say hey let's Skype the
train me that yeah what funny thing
happened is I'm not gonna ever be lmao
I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you whether you
many makes up exercises hey I want you
to take the dumbbell put it in a circle
spin on your finger and then put it back
nice we're gonna order right now so
shout out to everyone who shout out to
all these guys for helping me Frank
Ashley and then print kept me after
motel yeah I can tell it was a pleasure
you just bleep that out so they won't
know so bleep announcer there's some
kind of yeah yeah yeah yeah guys are a
bunch of mother
so I had to bleep all that out because
we talked about the prank that we film
today so and I'm really hungry
it was extravagant it was extravagant
adjectives and there was a cornucopia of
moments today when I felt the pressure
of cornucopia okay you decide appears
were moving along she sure knows a lot
at YouTube chairman of the board
actually accumulated a lot of memories
today guys
yeah only reason why I know the word
accumulate is because that guy we
pranked I accumulated all that shit in
my basket remember that big buff guy oh
yeah okay anyway uh Walmart I hit the
thumbs-up button because or she did on a
thumb if you don't do you fucking up if
you get this vlog 3000 thumbs up killing
Campbell create is if you feed this dog
flog gets 5000 thumbs up killer cabs
gonna make his own workout channel and
if you guys don't then guys will always
have a speech impediment and fuck I mean
we can't pay for this all right guys
bless ya remember that time where you
and guys are trying to do my run was a
fuckin the shit at your house
you guys are jamming on the problem know
about the promo for the fucking Virginia
show you guys ain't a music oh yeah I
mean camera like y'all fucking suck and
then cut yeah cuz you watch the crisis
like Andy's fuck you guys you like
bunnies and I mean cameraman get that
shit in 1k he got you bro I will fucking
god damn it did you just kill your
tartar sauce you send your life mothers
what is this what is this mother trucker
doughnuts at like a hot stock what is it
hott Dogg on her like a but she gonna
spit City just like throwing a hot dog
down a hallway oh my sometimes it is
weak absolutely share hot dogs with it's
like people hairs give us because I get
paid
that's just really sad my baby get the
tree under that mercy you guys yeah that
here's give us a racist Joker yeah so
Susan
like I said look I'll do a one-word 100
before p.m. okay Owen first go
Brotherhood family gratitude
stability exercise egg one one dozen
whose to kill it just kill her and
happiness oMG I'm pretty sure you use
the hell else but no that's why I want
to change my shirt 100 fuck you I 100
has something to do how it smells in
here
balls don't bust my lava predominant -
okay thank you for watching I love you
guys dudes crew have a safe Sunday shit
on you and I would never be gone yeah
I'm wearing this this oh it wasn't a
shit tomorrow yeah yeah one of the
season play but last week he did like
one vlog I was two years old three
months worth of illegitimate baby ain't
no me hey yes you know as soon as I said
the next one's gonna be 35 minutes times
it plugs in I got time for that
fucking you are driving okay looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures over change but I failed my
mission got the same goal same feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'll talk to a wizard
