I got a feeling that there's something
more something that hold us together
something and hoses together it's kind
of gloomy outside today it is officially
the first day of spring if I'm correct
but um it's not bad I mean I can't
complain man there's no snow in
california I feel sorry for all the
people I got a show with all that snow
that cuz i heard it snowed because Mike
East Coast family told me is snowing out
there he me so
don't matter cuz we gotta rewrite that
in cali I don't mind cuz I don't matter
but look at that you best believe that
I'm starting today's vol got at target
you know what I'm saying I'll blurriness
and but I'm also working because I'm
trying to put the today's vlog on public
because its own private right now but
it's actually processing so while i'm at
target i'm just waiting for this thing
to process you can kind of see right
here so while I shop the videos pretty
much processing has started and then I
can just make it on private further
holidays the clearance section I don't
I'm saying it but I'm in the Easter
section i'm getting these things for the
prank tomorrow so that's just a clue of
what it's about and we're doing this
prank tomorrow but this one will not be
up until Easter weekend so we just
filming ahead of time so and i'm also
getting this right here this is the
Jordan slam special it's pretty dope for
all my sneaker heads I should go check
it out I'm gonna get it and keep that in
my bathroom you feel me I don't think it
it down so the gold foamposites come
today came out today and I'm not a
foamposite guy at all but those are just
saw see and I really wanted him but
past because I shouldn't be spending
money on sneakers and also next saturday
i believe the 45 jordan tens come out
the remastered ones and those are some
those are sneakers that i've been
wanting for so long now and it has the
45 on it like i want them so bad but I'm
controlling myself I can't buy little
boys either so it's hard being a
sneakerhead but it's even harder to get
over being a sneakerhead so yeah man but
anybody else with cock congrats you guys
and MN it just sucks on the better
things ten-band indie bands but I'm
going to get a car wash right now for
the weekend because my baby is dirty and
she needs a wash yeah white cars are
impossible to keep clean man I hate that
shit and the people that do they like
the leaf blowing and stuff outside of my
house they be blowing that shit in the
car man probably intentionally because
they'd be hanging on me like y'all be
hanging in the comments I'm just kidding
love you guys I'm on that way tonight I
hope you had a crazy said yeah I money
it's a good night I just break the bank
today they're feeding with a rate a you
know Jay Raye got girls here going way
way way way way way some city trip a day
load up by the day way main can't afford
it one day when it right is a hold of
the story as you spend in our friday
night at santana row again we seem to be
coming here quite often well not often
maybe like once a month but i'm hungry
having it all day and find something to
eat relax enjoy the beautiful weather
maybe some good music depending on where
we go but definitely will show you what
we're grubbing on
it's not a mirror too sweetheart huh so
I got some tacos right now tacos and
we're at it what is this place called
tequila bar you
no Robin right now I'll beat I've over
there we're grubbing right now no life
bad like there was a fight became
just enjoying it nice music right now
this is our new song that just came out
and we are
you can as a friend they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I still
my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz i
smiled the only one and those ain't
lives in a while I'm talk to a wish
