now um I just want to clear up any
rumors that you guys have made up and
man this one for the ones to hold me
down so we have on the rise long as I
got jobs never me myself a night
straight up champagne
making my hair pop out all weird and
there we go we are in San Francisco
today we're having a daddy day Marvin
and Ava and me we're on our modern
family gay couple status right now
I'm gonna go around temperatures go up a
good time and bring you guys along for
the ride so let's go see what happens
160 bucks all that's good Tegan it's our
first heart picture this dude right here
is slumping he's taking a nice little
power nap beautiful day in the city this
is our winter time in SF huh
she's a shout out to all the st. Patrick
day people around the world so I don't
have any green on Arvin doesn't have any
green on right well you got some green
on your shirt
barely that doesn't count but Ava's
all the papers in SF right now there's a
oldest guy over here got green hair
nice hair but I'm a boss ass bitch
please bitch bitch bitch
No
how was your first trip to San Francisco
Oh No she's grinching dun dun let me
show you yourself let's see look at the
screen like I do who's that who's that
okay we see she didn't like San
Francisco as much as the rest of us but
it's okay it's nap time guys so I'm back
home as you can see in my room I know
you guys missed it but I need you guys
to do me a huge favor okay I just
created an Instagram account for the
clothing line the merchandise whatever
you want to call it but it is at simple
it's cold it is a long wait for it to
focus dream crew that's it so dream crew
make sure you guys follow this this is
going to get more than 10,000 views I
could ensure that for sure so how many
of you guys are going to support me and
support the whole crew by following this
account this account is going to give
updates on the merchandise promo codes
shoutouts to anybody who anyone who
rocks the crew merchandise um more stuff
too so um sorry so make sure you guys
follow that let's this come on I know
you guys can do it
let's get 5,000 followers for the dream
crew Instagram come on we could do it
guys right now I'm in the process of
starting this line because I want to uh
I want to give you guys my crew my
followers my supporters don't
merchandise I don't want to just give
you a t-shirt with like a basic picture
or a basic basic saying like all these
are the youtubers I want you guys to
wear quality stuff that looks dope like
this if we can hook like crewneck come
on like you've never seen anything like
this come on so support it because you
guys could be so be supporting something
that's ten times bigger than any dream
I've ever had support something that I
love and that could be something amazing
you could be one of the first few people
to start to support something that could
be a huge brand you know what I mean
that who knows where this could take is
you know we can reach out to people who
don't even watch the videos and just
because they like the merchandise you
know what I'm saying so be a part of it
support it um I'm not even asking you
guys to purchase anything I'm just
asking you guys to look at it and
support it and just follow it so um yeah
man
Instagram dream crew let's try to get
5,000 new followers on there if we can
do that
oh for sure I'm going to do a giveaway
let's do that let's do that giveaway
with the four shirts if we get 5,000
followers what's the time limit the
first week starting right now if we
could get 5,000 followers I'll do the
giveaway for the four t-shirts on the
Instagram so make sure you guys go
follow it we're going to giveaway for
green cool t-shirts all in one bundle
and then I'll do extra do worse place
second place third place this is sick
over man the dream KU Instagram that's
it that's all I ask for you guys and
then I ask you to watch the new video on
Sunday
cuz it's funny she makes her return dead
target
you smell the target aroma how does it
feel
oh she goes straight to the return line
so I actually gave in she decided to
come to Target and she's changed her
what is it called lead lint she changed
her lint uh to something else so we are
at Target now she's back this makes me
happy inside I'll give you to make you
hug ya LeBron James LeBron Jim what nice
fuckin asshole who you're working with
some ass right here and I need to go
over here cuz I am upset I'm stop that's
with this channel bag I bought some
fuckin vintage I need to get these bars
that I like are they right here what's
the flavor actually what kind of flavor
was it look chunky oats and honey
oats and honey though these right here
are fire
why they don't have it is this one right
here seat there have it good
this is hella good too but this is so
fat little pass on it so many czar
comment on the thing and the one that
comments would be like your China needs
weight you know
cookie with less card percentage and
less fat mileage on it bro oh brother
I'm not eating okay I can never turn
down for what
thank you
so it might look like I actually just
woke up but I've been up working on a
food bangs and I just got a package in
the mail so look at this this is not the
whoops that I got this from I don't know
why it says that but open it up for you
guys let's see what now a lot of people
are gonna call me a big time fan fag
back band faggot huh a big time
bandwagon fan for buying this but I love
this Jersey it's a Jersey I love this
Jersey I've been wanting it since the
first time they wore it but I have
something to open this with and it was
actually available and I was like you
know what I'm gonna copy it because the
player that I got is becoming one of my
favorite players in the league so it's
not as much about the team as it is for
the player you know I'm saying I love I
love the player he's entertaining to
watch so I have to pick up this Jersey
before it was too late
and these motherfuckers are selling out
quick
hoo-wee
here we go guys shout out to Kyrie got
that new Cavs Jersey
Kyrie so I didn't get a LeBron one got a
Kyrie one this is super dope I love this
Jersey I love Navy this is like navy
blue is starting to become one of my
favorite colors and it looks just so
dope with that maroon and I'm like yeah
so shout out to all the bandwagon fan
wagons around the world but I'm still
reppin gold and yellow all day this is
sick man I'm happy I picked this up I'm
starting to get into jerseys again how
many guys used to rock jerseys back in
high school like I did man nice the rock
the jerseys with the magic shoes with
the matching hats and all that stuff so
slowly getting back into jerseys but not
baggy ones ones that fit and nice one so
yes hit a lick when you find parking
parking lot your girlfriend
graduate is already a ride for you but
you got it man you feel me so we got it
made here filming so look out fuck life
is right now h2o but we got lemonade and
mo part of it Doug life
hello
Chipotle live shout-out to the blog for
standing in line for me
and kapha when the plug
oh so we just got done whooping we want
all our games and then the last two we
were just messing around and we lost but
I'm drained I'm tired he over here oh
brain tired
looks his father already behind
he losta warriors play all of a sudden
dustin got crossed over by the girl over
there but uh yeah man was a good little
hoop session we'll be here again
tomorrow
basketball never stops yell feel me and
I look retarded man look at this come on
there you go yeah all right let's see if
we could get a highlight play by one of
these Oh Oh got the fruitcakes what up
guys happy Friday um hope everyone's
having a great day hope you guys enjoyed
that vlog um that vlog was like four
days put together because as you
remember um I was kind of behind on the
vlog so I was able to catch up like that
anyways yesterday on my snapchat I told
you guys that I was gonna address some
stuff that's going on that I that that
has been bothering me and I've been like
kind of tweeting and snapchatting about
so pretty much just want to make things
clear and stress what's on my mind
because that's what vlogs are I tell you
everything you know what I'm saying so
I'm just going to break it down one by
one instead of just mumbling and
mumbling the first thing is that there's
a lot of negative comments and just bad
vibes throughout the vlogs as far as the
comment area and the tweets and
Instagram post and it maybe has a lot to
do with me missing last week's true
kicks and missing last week's main
Channel video um again if you didn't
hear me the first time I didn't miss the
video because I was lazy I missed it
because I didn't like the video I had
that was supposed to be posted I decided
not to upload it therefore I didn't have
a video ready for you guys so that's
that um
and at first when I was seeing all this
negativity it was just kind of bringing
me down like people aren't liking what
I'm doing people don't believe in my
hustle people don't think I'm working
hard enough people keep comparing me to
this guy keep people keep saying I'm not
going to be at this guy's level people
say I'm not gonna be at that guys level
people just kind of bringing me down and
it was the hardest part was that it's
from people that actually have been
supporting the crew who if I felt like
we're just kind of turning their back on
the crew and turning the back on me and
everything we believed in but then I
realized you know it's pressure you know
what I'm saying what is life without
pressure
I remember little Wayne quoting that
what is life without pressure you know
what I'm saying so recently I feel like
I've been putting out the best work that
I've ever produced so when I'm giving
you guys so much good stuff not to be
cocky or anything but when I'm putting
up so many good stuff and then I take a
week off people are gonna be
disappointed in me and I didn't see that
and it's just the pressure of being able
to top what I've already done if I were
to release that skit people would have
trashed it I know what people would have
been like what is this you fell off like
this is garbage so I just said you know
what I don't like it I'm not satisfied
with that I'm not gonna post it but I
have to deal with you know the UM I have
to deal with the pressure that is
brought upon me as a youtuber and as an
entertainer and a creator so I like that
you guys tell me how you feel but if you
guys can word it in a different way to
where you're not just bashing my work
ethic and saying I'm lazy because I do
hustle for you guys and I do work hard
and if you don't believe that then I'm
gonna have to work a little harder which
I'm actually focusing on and planning it
out to do because I've got some great
ideas in mind so um yeah I respect you
guys opinions you know that's what
comments are for just just try to keep
the vibe positive in the vlogs because I
actually wanted to stop vlogging because
it was just so like why am I
if this is all going to be just negative
comments and stuff like that why would I
want to put this out on the internet and
put my daily life out on the internet if
people are just going to be so negative
about it so let's just try to get it the
way it was about a couple weeks ago you
know I'm saying so it's also
follow-the-leader one person says
something that's not true and then other
people kind of go after it and be a gold
maybe disguise right maybe this guy
right but whatever guys I'm just saying
right now that I respect you guys as
pressure you put on me and I thank you
because it's going to make me work
harder and I'm not going to stop the
vlogs
um they leave logs up for the people
that really do enjoy it because I know
it out there most of you guys watching
this are true supporters I do this for
you guys I try to entertain you guys try
to give you something for a few minutes
of the day to help you brighten up your
day so um now um I just want to clear up
any rumors that you guys have made up
and clear up some of the things I've
said um if you remember from you being
in LA a few of my snapchats before LA or
the video vlog of Mia LA I talked about
how there's fake people in LA and and
also I talked about how these big-time
youtubers don't mess with people like me
um automatically when I say something
like that for some reason everyone
thinks I'm talking about one person
first of all if you've been to LA you
know how the people are there the women
are all plastic surgery all over the
guys are all that everyone cares about
showing off their lifestyle about
showing off that they have money and
things like that people try so hard to
fake it as if there's someone else and
they try so hard to fake it like as if
they're rich when I say at least fake
and I don't like being around that it's
just because I can't pretend to be
someone else in order for to get a job
or to get into this club or to be
friends with this person or make this
connect I just don't like that I know
that being into the entertainment world
is about network
but there's some sometimes when I just
don't want to be around that and I just
don't like being that at that all around
all the time and I know I shouldn't be
worrying about other people but when you
when I was living there it was just so
so much of that going on that it's just
kind of you could kind of get sick of it
you know I'm saying so what I say that
there's so much fakeness I'm not talking
about one person like just because you
guys only watch maybe two or three
youtubers doesn't mean we're talking
about that YouTube we want you watch so
stop assuming things okay now continuing
on to the YouTube thing that I said how
youtubers don't mess with big-time
youtubers don't mess with people like me
again I'm not talking about one person
okay it's just annoying man you guys
think that there's only three youtubers
or two youtubers in this world and it's
not okay when I say the top youtubers
don't mess with people like me I'm
talking about like the guys that have
more than three million subscribers or
something like that like why would they
want to mess with someone the holy as a
hundred thousand subscribers you know
what I'm saying
the reason they won't mess with me is
just because they don't personally know
me now I don't it's not that I hate them
I like them i watch vitaliy i watch
roaming outward i watch Yousaf i watch a
who else those are like the only main
people i usually watch because they're
just the top of the pranks you know what
I'm saying and it's friendly competition
even if they don't know who I am or even
if they don't they don't pay attention
to my videos to me I'm trying to be on
their level if not past them so when I
say they won't work with me as if I try
to reach out to them like they don't
even know me like I've hung out with
fatality but I don't think he remembers
who I am is because I was just used as a
roommate at the time you know what I'm
saying so if I were to reach out to him
he probably wouldn't even look at a
tweet he probably won't even reply to an
email I sent him or anything like that's
just me assuming like I don't know but
I'm sure if I actually knew him he would
be down and you guys just assume I'm
talking about Yousef but I'm not just
talking about Yusuf I'm talking about
all these guys on YouTube who are Big
Tymers and I just feel like they won't
give the people who have less
subscribers the time of day um
and no I don't have any problems with
Youssef no I don't have any FUNKER beef
or whatever you want to call it we are
friends we are all good we text each
other every once in a while sure we're
not BFFs texting each other every 24/7
but when we talk about stuff we talk
about stuff mainly not even YouTube
stuff you know I'm saying don't assume
things because there is no beef there so
yeah that's that want to clear that up
I want to be able to work with anybody
who is good at creating dope stuff and
dope videos so when I say that these big
timers don't want to mess with massive
people like me I'm just saying that one
day if I do get to their level I'm
willing to work with anybody so don't be
afraid to skip it ready to reach out to
me because if I like your work and I
think that mean you can make adult video
together then I'm for it that's what I
wanted to pretty much clear up because I
just feel like you guys are just - not
all of you guys but a lot of people are
just assuming things and making up
things which are not true so yeah just
want to clear it up and I think I got
everything off my mind I know people are
still going to make up stuff and still
say stuff despite this despite this rant
if you may but to everybody else who
reps the crew supports the crew believes
in everything I do for you guys I do it
for you guys I love you guys okay I'm
not just out here putting this stuff on
just for myself I just love you guys I
appreciate you guys if I don't say it
enough I do appreciate you guys I'm not
even going to ask you guys for no
thumbs-up I'm not I'm not going to ask
you for any subscribe sub subscribe here
help subscribe and I can do any of that
because this is just me keeping it real
with you guys and I just wanted to tell
you guys how much I appreciate you too
the people that don't believe in me it's
all good you know I'm saying it I like
the pressure maybe one day you could
help us out and support the crew and
join the crew again but to everybody
else who is a part of the crew
thank you guys I do this for you new
video this Sunday for you
filming out some videos this Sunday this
Saturday tomorrow in the next couple
weeks are going to be great okay and
starting next month that's what I'm
going to start uploading two videos a
week to the main channel so if you don't
think I'm working hard enough
find another youtuber to watch who you
think is working hard enough and to
everyone else who supports me I love you
guys
thank you we wrap the dream crew ah too
much talking now I gotta edit this like
ten minute rant of mine alright guys
peace is looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures over change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one and those
ain't laughs in a while I'll talk to a
wish
