you know I'm about to go into this shit
right here breath they don't want it
with me think I might go take the crown
happy days people up here in Los Angeles
my last day here gonna squeeze into my
car right now so I'll talk to you in the
car because there's barely any room here
so it's Monday for me should be Tuesday
for you Wednesday for you guys Thursday
for you guys should be Thursday for you
guys I'm in LA right now just checked
out on my hotel went to Starbucks edited
the vlog tried to upload the vlog it
said over 200 minutes to upload and I
couldn't wait cuz I got stuff to do
before I leave so I that's why there was
no vlog yesterday
I mean Monday that's why there's no vlog
Monday but I'm gonna post it tomorrow or
maybe later today if I have time but uh
yeah the Wi-Fi wasn't workin man that
shit was too slow man shoutout to
Starbucks for having slow Wi-Fi made it
to downtown and I'll a pretty quick
thank God for the know after doing
traffic shout-out to the cannabis club
and yeah just headed for a little walk
because parking was impossible to find
it's really fun man creating be able to
vision something and then create it and
then see it in person is really
satisfying and it's really really
it tickles my pickle if you may so
that's what really like making clothing
and I just buy so much clothes that I
said you know and I want to make it so
hopefully one day the brand will be a
brand itself not just a brand to support
QoP and rep the crew but I want it to be
bigger than that
so we'll see man I'm not just making
basic t-shirts for to promote the brand
keopi I'm making real stylish
fashionable thing
so yeah I want my crew to look nice baby
just like I look nice you don't say come
on now you know I'm saying okay goal
accomplished and I even bought some
extra stuff for new shirts I'm sweating
I don't know if you can see it I'm on my
swagger Diddy grind right now look at
that the thing is I only have one
luggage so I don't know how the hell
money get this back into the luggage and
some extra stuff so shout out to the
rental car shout out to DTLA it feels
great time to start grinding baby
I'm excited if this shipment let's get
it I'm all sweaty and hot but I'm going
to the mall now in Culver City and then
from there I'm gonna go to Santa Monica
Pier just to go walk around and enjoy
the rest of my time here I have a few
more hours about five more hours till I
have to go to the airport and Yemen
today was a success got what I needed
ready to go back home do some new
designing on some new merch let me know
what you guys would like to see out of
the clothing line let me know if you're
excited to pick something up from the
spring collection when it's gonna go on
sale next month
sixteenth Street okay right anti-people
Avenue I will do that sweetheart
and like I told you guys I'm doing that
vlog um entry right now
got the GoPro just videotaping me for no
apparent reason you bill turn right onto
people Avenue they turn right to merge
onto Santa Monica freeway you do know
where to go sweetheart
finally made it to third Street I don't
know how but I pulled over at this mall
parking lot
Cobra City and I tried to stuff all the
sweaters in my luggage and I did I made
it work so yeah I'm good to go doctor by
another luggage and I'm just gonna walk
around and see what I can find
but I really don't have any room to buy
anything but we'll make it happen if I
have to buy something damn this is crazy
they got watch there Kobe's and all-star
Kobe's just yeah and I don't know what
they were thinking with these these are
hideous like and what the foot so I'm at
lives right now thinking about getting
some hats I think I'm gonna get this
Cleveland one and then of course my
favorite Mighty Ducks I'm not a hockey
fan but okay I'm about to drop these I'm
not hopping fan but I rep the Mighty
Ducks love that movie going up the thing
about I know I'm a Laker fan and Laker
hats are always ugly like this one is
cool but it's just it doesn't look good
the logo doesn't look good on a hat I
don't know why I've never I've only had
one maker hat my whole life but I love
the Cleveland colors and I'm an erratic
dragging it and get this one right here
go ahead shoot me up in the comments yo
guys what would he do so legit you guys
gonna think I'm weird as hell but last
night I had a dream that I was having
dinner with Kanye
and
he was so nice in the dream and we
talked and I pulled out a pair of
Khloe's for him to sign and he said yeah
and then I woke up but anyway he's
actually out in LA living life right now
that's what I just saw on Instagram so
he's always in the same city as me but
we never never have time to grab coffee
crap out so I got the vlog camera on the
tripod right now all the way way way
down
so on the way to the airport right now
or the rental car to return my car and I
just right now found out that my cool
car has a aux cord before I was just
playing music from my iPhone and just
placing it right here on the dashboard
and listening is to it from the ively
iPhone speakers it's all good I'll have
a nice sort of drive to the airport
where my just got to LAX and I am
struggling I've got a backpack a big bag
and then the shirts right here I'm
stressing right now but got to make it
happen I checked in my bigger bigger bag
and what the hell is this
he's got like a Toys R Us in here anyway
thank God my gate is not that far away
but
so long Los Angeles if he's real ly
boring at times but we was out here to
grind got some videos done and now it's
time to head back home to the Bay Area
so until next time LA when we will grind
harder touch down in the oak clan back
in the bay guys
their armpits every time she lives
through arms and went in my face
Coon was farting in my mouth or
something I don't know where and that
air or what leave was not freaking
that shit's tank too but overall there's
a good flight I just broke hell ideas
down
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one then those ain't laughs in
a while come talk to a wizard
