three days because I have just been
trapped inside of this cave right here
like I've just been super sick I've been
tired mentally tired there's so much
going on in my head right now but I
needed to just take the last three days
to you know just you know get my head
straight I still got to keep it going
because tonight I leave to Canada for
sneaker con Toronto which is this
weekend but I've got a super super
exciting day plan for you guys basically
today I finally pick up my car I got my
car wrap it's been about a week and a
half since I dropped it off it's been
about three weeks since I've been
telling you guys about this a lot to do
little time let's get things moving
okay guys so a lot of running around
today I'm gonna go to UPS right now
because I need to ship something then I
need to drop off this rental that I have
cuz it's already late I was supposed to
take it at - it's already - OH - so I
gotta pay for another day of having him
but I gotta take that back and then we
can go pick up the car but I'm about to
link up with someone right now who is
currently at the UPS Store I told him to
meet me there and they're gonna go with
me to pick up my car so their clutch
because I need them to film for me help
me so shout out to my homies
all right guys so I'm in the lift right
now and we're almost at the impressive
raps about to pick up the car and I'm
very very excited to see it I'm with
somebody you covered yeah you get it
easy busting in the building
you're the first person who's gonna see
the car before anybody like anybody my
girl doesn't even know what kind of rap
it is so I don't know I don't know I
really don't know what's gonna happen
but we're almost there so I'm excited
okay guys we just pulled up I could see
it from here guys okay yeah wheels on
all right guys let me get my first
reaction because I haven't oh oh my god
wow this is crazy oh my god all right
guys so the car is done I'm very very
happy with it it's exactly what I was
imagining
you saw my reaction but now here is my
car wrap BMW x5m series right now
alright guys so that is the car wrap
right there you guys are probably
expecting something completely different
but I'm a hundred percent satisfied with
it let me tell you guys a little bit of
like the story I came up with this first
of all I wanted to do something hyped
that what hasn't been done before like
babes been done Supremes been done what
about cause so I was like let's make it
after the cause the figures and like the
dissected one so it's all black matte
black with the yellow X on the eyes and
then you see the colorful dissected body
so that's what we kind of did here with
the body as you can see from the top of
it and went all the way through the face
over here and then on top of that these
got offered to me and I thought it was a
perfect timing to buy these so I was
like you know what I made it happen I
did some trades and I was able to get
the friends-and-family caused fours in
time for my car wrap to be unveiled and
literally like this was not even planned
I just got offered these and I was like
perfect timing that's all it was perfect
timing so we got the car we got the
shoes and we set all of a sudden
I also shout-out to impressive raps out
here for taking care of this killing it
man I'll link down all their social
media and all that appreciate them and
like I'm sorry I can't wait to drive it
I want to see what its gonna feel Oh No
we did it we dropped I love it because
this side is just straight plain black
and then right at the top of it it cuts
to the half of the body and it doesn't
go all the way to the back just because
the actual doll or figure or whatever
you call it it doesn't do that on the
actual figure it just goes halfway to
his stomach so that's what they exactly
mimicked it on the car wrap so people
are gonna say oh we should have done the
whole thing but I like it like this
because this is exactly how it is on the
COS figure so like yeah crazy
alright guys finally finally get my car
back it feels so good I missed this baby
but I still need to go back home and
pack and I feel sick and we need to eat
so we're gonna probably go eat right now
and then go back to LA get stuck in some
traffic and then start packing and then
catch the flight so a busy day ok so see
you guys in a little bit alright guys so
the hype the wait is finally over I'm
sorry if I over hyped it or whatever if
you guys are disappointed but I am
honestly so so satisfied with it I
didn't want it to crazy to loud just you
know something that's dope and hyped and
it hasn't been done before and I love
the way it looks I love the black matte
black it looks so beautiful the black
rims they killed it shout-out to
impressive raps again I gotta thank them
a lot because they killed it and yeah
man if anybody wants to get your car
wrapped in the SoCal area check them out
I'll link them down below like I said
these right here the friends and family
joints you guys are probably wondering
how did I pull these off shout out to
the soul supremacy family for making
these happen like like I told you guys
like I didn't even expect to have this
shoe and then a few days ago they said
we might have it in your size and I was
like bruh like this would be the perfect
a little you know addition to showing my
car and nobody brother these are friends
and family like nobody has these yet I
don't know if they're gonna release but
right now this is friends and family
like the only people that I know that
have it is like Travis Scott DJ Khaled
you know ok so Omar you know casually so
yeah I'm taking
the Toronto with me for sure because I
might wear these at sneaker corn or I
might not wear them at sneaker cotton
you don't know yet cuz I might have
another surprise up my sleeve for
sneaker console haha
State Road I did also pick these up this
morning these are the NBA Air Force Ones
they had them at the Grove here in LA so
I went real quick and I copped these a
hundred and ten bucks like brah these
are so freaking nice qualities very very
nice it's not as tumble as I thought it
was gonna be it's kind of just the look
of the leather but yeah some Air Force
Ones I'm gonna take these with me on the
trip too and I need to pack Mena's
almost here I have another thing that I
need to unbox now I know I've been
promoting a whole bunch of things today
but like you know what I'm saying why
not throw in an unboxing so check out
this unboxing I did because I already
shouted social supremacy so I got a
shout out the Soul Stealer I mean just
watch this just watch this hit the intro
so I feel like it's been a minute but it
really hasn't been a minute I opened
like three or four boxes off of camera
just cuz it was like clothing and stuff
like that you feel me like sometimes I
don't want to show it to you guys I just
want to bust it out on the gram you know
wear it in the vlog and kind of throw a
curveball at you guys you guys get you
guys can't know everything that I pick
up but I'm gonna show you guys something
that I picked out basically I got this
one off of soul Steel's and I have
mentioned soul Steel's before because I
bought stuff off of soul Steel's
basically soul Steel's if you guys don't
know it's a subscription-based website
and they have crazy deals on there and
since you're paying monthly for the
membership you're able to access
sneakers and babe and supreme cheaper
than anywhere else that I've ever seen
it now when I say subscription you're
probably thinking one of those websites
where you pay monthly and they send you
a box and you open it up and it's filled
with a whole bunch of random stuff and
you don't even like half of this stuff
no this is completely different you get
to pick what you will you get to buy
whatever you want to buy but it's just
that crazy steel prices and I talked to
my people at soul Steel's and I said yo
like a lot of people signed up the last
time I unboxed something from you guys
is there any way we can do a little
discount with you guys wow that's
actually good okay so for anybody who
wants to sign up for slow Steel's
members
we'll get 25% off with my code crew so
sign up with my cold crew you get
yourself 25% off your membership and get
some steals so today you got some
supreme BAM okay so this is the supreme
Stone Island collab right here as you
guys can see this is like a turquoise
greenish color windbreaker jacket but
this material is super super super super
light feels it feels weird I've never
owned anything stolen Island I've always
wanted to buy something stone Island but
I never did just because stone island is
kind of pricey and it's really not that
cold out here in LA and I feel like if
you're gonna buy some stone Island you
can't buy like a t-shirt you gotta buy
like a jacket or a hoodie or something
like that even though I always wear
hoodies but there's our little sticker
on the back it says Stone Island supreme
and that's like pressed in now let me
try this thing on because I feel like
all nice velcro all right well I think
this is definitely gonna go to Toronto
with me this thing is sick I feel very
very sticky in here but I need to wear
like a long-sleeve t-shirt that will be
good that's it for the unboxing shout
out the stole salt shout to soul steals
25% off music old crew now back to you
guys alright guys so we just got to the
airport we are about to board it's about
to be midnight we got the red-eye flight
we got a quick stop in Chicago my
favorite place in the building anyway
but to get on this flight meters
Mena's mad cuz she got a middle seat you
feel me we all got middle seats but
that's that united lifestyle I'll see
you guys in Toronto in tomorrow's vlog
thank you guys for watching hit that
thumbs up because you know the car was
lit and we had to hear six sightings I
know
