coming through starting on that I know
is the worst boy morning wild sorry guys
putting my shoes on right now I only
brought two pairs of shoes to LA with me
one of them was those Nike boots I have
another one of my Oriole for so lacing
them up right now currently it is 247 I
woke up an hour ago edited this vlog
really quick I'm kind of disappointed in
myself and I'm just like crapped out
because I didn't upload a main channel
video today and I could have but I just
didn't do it and I really feel like I'm
letting a lot of you guys down because I
know you've got something to look
forward to so I do apologize again and I
promise you that we'll have a new video
of this Sunday one of my goals starting
maybe next month is to upload two videos
a week on the main channel one of them
is going to be Sunday for sure and now
I'm just trying to figure out what day
is another appropriate day to upload a
video to give it space between the two
so I'm thinking about Thursday so what
do you guys think do you think
Thursday's a good day um I can't do
Wednesdays because Wednesday's our crew
cakes episodes and then Friday I just
feel like it's too close to Sunday so
what do you guys think do you think
Thursday is an appropriate day to make
to upload a video so uh yeah beautiful
outside it's kind of gloomy but it's hot
and I'm mad because all the clothes I
brought are supposed to be worn with a
sweater
whatever your Jordans like I said and
let's go get the day started because we
were running late and I was up late and
look at my laundry pile it's on this bed
I'm just a mess and I'm not even gonna
let housekeeping
just wait till tomorrow and so anyway so
for today's agenda we are actually
filming an episode of crew cakes pretty
dope I had this idea for a while now and
now that I'm out in LA I'm able to
fulfill that dream and yeah I'm about to
link up with Jamie grab some grub and
then we're gonna start grinding it out
and then we will see what else happens
later tonight no plans at all I kind of
want to head up to Santa Monica third
Street because I love that place man
that was the place I used to go to like
three four times a week man just to get
away when I was living in LA and I just
wanted to relax I'd go and just walk
there and it was it was cool man there's
something about shopping even if when
I'm not even buying anything that just
that keeps me distracted from life and
yeah there was times when I'd go there
and I wouldn't buy anything I don't walk
but I just walk around and look at
products and things like that so I'm
weird people but that's how I am so the
kid is back
and we just went to Rift Valley and we
switched it up originally we were gonna
do a whole bunch of different stores and
stuff like that but we're just gonna
stick to rip and we're actually gonna go
just check out Holy Grail right now I'm
gonna see if they got some Yeezy boost
got my cash out and we haven't ate yet
because I told Jamie let's go eat but
this guy gave me the address to riff and
we went to riff so we still have an 8
yeah we haven't we had to do it before
they close I mean it won't close a
restaurant early you get that grind mode
mindset I like it but anyway we're gonna
eat after this I'm starving and like
honey oh alright this is a 100 for the
hustlers I learned this from I heard
this from from Nate Kennedy's he told
one of my friends of my friends on
hustlers don't sleep we take naps yeah
that's the realest right there that was
actually a motivating 100 not of life
not like life-changing yeah that's
motivating so thank you for that
we don't sleep we take naps power naps
because we make power moves all right
we're gonna go right now and see what
they got in this mall
and then the German like those hats you
can have the face which I know
I didn't like it I like him down maybe
at the time but we went to Holy Grail
didn't have anything we didn't even save
us up to us and walked in so no customer
service no service you know I'm saying
we pay some tax ok guys so we are at CPK
right now Grubb it on some delicious
pizza I got pizza two days in a row okay
so I just pressed some weird button on
my camera and it cut off I don't know
what happened but don't judge me eating
pizza
look at that bomb Pete what did you get
this guy asked for blue cheese with this
pizza and I asked for ranch ranch is
normal but who eats a blue cheese with
their pizza burr come on bro and then
Jamie walked out into my car he said I
need to come and do stunts on that I
know it's the worst boy oh my god
mind you look how big the ledgers I'm
five-eleven know cuz you know when your
feet get cold and when you like jump and
then you fucking Lent and I should shock
and hit your ball that's it that's a
hurry listen just makes that fog 20
times worse we are walking around the
Glendale mall right now
we in young Jaime
and we're really not buying anything
window-shopping you think one of the
vices but never let it go
yeah no actually we bought hello shit we
ballin out right now we put them in the
trunk so you just leave the website as
are we doing right now
so Jamie is trying on some jeans right
now so I'm here lounging at the Macy's
lounge I'm tired but I don't even know
what it was gonna say but anyway I
haven't bought anything still 7:09 right
now I wanted to go to the Lakers game
like tickets were super cheap but I did
end up doing it because it just didn't
work out you know it wasn't part of life
so Jamie just tried on all these jeans
right here guys we've been here for
three hours now are you getting any of
them Jamie's over here playing games man
making meat Macy's mad at him and he
tried on 600 pairs of jeans didn't buy
one like come on man come on
601 jeans my bad
material is a man of quality not
quantity I want to show some ladies this
guy will be a better hat okay so now
we're at jcpenney where they have the
same exact jeans the same jeans before
the same Levi's jeans oh god here we go
it is a miracle sorry malls closed bra
so I'm at the Grove all alone now
sipping on my haagen-dazs right
haagen-dazs Oreo milkshake that tastes
like just milk flavored in Oreo but
dropped up Jamie decided to stop here on
the way home I'm at home but on the way
back to the hotel because this is my
Sunday night turned up and I'm gonna go
home after this and plan what I'm gonna
do tomorrow for a film because I want to
film something before I leave this trip
kind of reminded me how it was when I
used to live out here and there's just a
lot of fakeness out here man it's just
something that I don't like being around
you know what I mean a lot of these
people they just gotta fake it but they
make it I can't do that shit so I just
try to keep it real as possible
and
damnit this la life for you but as far
as I come in here every once in a while
it's cool because you got to get to take
care of business and it's also a really
good vacation spot so yeah so I'm going
to show you guys what I picked up today
at Topshop I didn't buy any jeans but I
picked up this hoodie this is the maroon
hoodie it's pretty cool cuz it has like
different material here and then a
different material here you know for the
popular zippers on the side it's kind of
extended you know who inspired it come
on
I ain't got to tell you guys but anyway
look at this mess right here man clothes
baby clothes maybe we out here making
fashion moves man that man right there
yo man I don't know what I'm doing right
now but I'm just like organizing stuff
like I got all my electronic stuff video
stuff organized over here I got my one
pair of shoes I brought that I've been
wearing for the past three days that
you've been seeing me wearing vlogs
there I've got my frickin clothes folded
over there and then I realized that I'm
leaving tomorrow morning from the hotel
like I'm leaving tomorrow night but I
got to check out of the hotel tomorrow
morning so like my self subconscious
knew that I was leaving so I started
packing but I didn't realize it - like
five minutes ago that I'm packing for a
reason it's crazy I'm not even taking
some stuff back like I'm retiring this
rig I'm gonna leave this wig in Los
Angeles guys if you want to come get it
it's gonna be at this hotel call what
hotel is this
Courtyard Marriott if anybody wants it
I'm gonna leave it I'll leave it outside
somebody could go get it and then tweet
it to me some views I'll be funny but I
don't think anybody's gonna come before
I end this vlog okay I'm done looking at
myself before in this vlog I want to say
thank you to all the people that believe
in me and my work ethic and believe that
I am putting in work for you guys and um
there was a lot of negative comments in
the last vlog about
me not working hard enough and slacking
and all that stuff and it kind of hit me
and it you know I'm not gonna get too
into it because I'm not here to defend
myself or make you guys believe I'm
working hard all I could do to show you
by my actions so I'm sorry that I didn't
upload a new video yesterday and I'm
gonna be back this Sunday with a nice
video and I just got so a few things
planned that hopefully you guys will be
happy with and uh yeah that's it
anyway um thank you guys for watching
another vlog please guys thumbs up I
appreciate it I really do appreciate
everyone who supports and watched the
vlogs because the Volks are like my
personal life and people don't really
share vlogs as much as they share videos
we will see you guys tomorrow and just
cool yeah
aces looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head when
I hear right you must think it's all
good cuz I smile the only one that knows
I ain't laughs in a while come talk to
is
