if I give you my real name and not my
stripper name good morning world
reporting live from LAX right now can't
hear myself as a got my headphones and I
am tired dude my flight left at 6am got
here at seven it's only an hour flight
but I'm beat I was knocked out there's a
infant next to me in the play kicking me
and I didn't even care because i was
sleep it is a really beautiful day out
here in LA picking up my rental car
hopefully it's a good luck last time I
came to LA about a month ago I had a lot
of bad luck with the rental car got
towed 508 oh here we go guys the Red
Machine bone this is my baby for the
next few days well it's not my baby
that's what I called my car back home so
I'm not gonna call it my baby where are
the keys at oh they're in the ignition
this is remix to ignition happened
without the kitchen I think that's it
those lyrics wrong we gotta stay tuned
in to I shouldn't even be vlogging right
now because I'm so late I was supposed
to be at the YouTube space like five
minutes ago but um check out my fit this
is just for the video so I shout out the
five pillars for the shirt and I'm going
to use it for the video some throat
blazer on top but um yeah that was an
amazing nap talented the nap shout out
to the bed shout out to my blankie
packing up all the stuff for the video
right now I'm going to use this luggage
and take my backpack as well but I gotta
go so I'll see you guys at the YouTube
space so we are reporting live from
YouTube space and this is where we are
shooting today skit it is in the theater
room so we're using a movie theater
theme for the video so we are about to
start filming the man is back Jamie the
great she's been oh yeah we will he's
making his YouTube debut guys so take it
easy on him he says he's a good actor um
oh sure breaking a good
another spy you know you don't know how
fast I am to reacting these bigger yeah
whatever bro okay um but yeah it's his
first time making a YouTube skit so uh
we'll see how he does you know give them
break in the comments don't be chewing
them up but uh yeah we're gonna sign out
true me up tell me what is real okay and
then let him progress to the one of the
best QoP actors of all time based and he
did the LeBron right there shots fired I
hair is Jamie um we gave you your acting
review right now I think you did pretty
swell for your first time yeah once a
jerk so there was a few times where you
were smiling and you should be pissed
but it's all good you still did good so
that's me that's me my doesn t be man I
can't rid of Kanye but anyway did really
good job the skit came out really good
and we had a special guest to so
unexpected everybody yeah you know has
it come through shuttle minute love he's
hilarious he did a really good job
surprise appearance in the video it's
not a surprise anymore but um yeah so
this is the first time QP got a special
guest in the video so it's gonna be dope
so thank you know probably she ate but
you want give them your anything doing
uh make sure you file to youtube channel
youtube.com slash slick live in cv we
have a lot more segments coming very
soon and yeah just get ready Matt
because this man has all the things just
I told ya I told them some of my ideas
are gonna be great yeah we're just gonna
make people piss their pants in such a
romantic bromance right here so YouTube
is taking care of its creators out here
this is the production area of cameras
lights props all that good stuff cranes
like
it's amazing stuff man I'm in the
YouTube photo booth but anticipates your
glow and choose either black and white
or color make sure your eyes are even
with the pores on line four three two
one cool guys I'm finally eating for the
first time today I haven't ate all day
since I've before I flew I had a puppet
before I gotta say airplane but pizza of
course I feel like I deserve it what's
up guys so right now we are what is this
pistol Getty ya again Getty son with the
homie Faison we're doing some shoots
right now suffer but as you guys
remember him last time from his
beautiful voice give himself Oh Gertie
center all day anyway we're doing this
little photo shoot we try to promote the
new spring line as you see on my body
and it's gonna be on sale next month but
we're taking some shots for the look
book and all that good stuff so we'll
show you guys the views and things that
they got going on right now so we are
doing the friends inspired t-shirt now
and we are moving locations we were just
on this like fourth level their little i
don't even know i'll be there for you
when the rain starts to fall as I what
it says for anything poor poor what a
horrible fat why would I make an
inspired t.t I don't even know the theme
song anyway who's here who's your least
favorite character from friends mine is
Ross really he's a whiner he wanted say
Phoebe oh wow he was Heidi was your
favorite Channel and learn bomb I grew
up with two sisters so I mean that stuff
is on my house on at my house
yeah I love that show dude I was trying
to tell me that friends is the worst
show no it's true that if you don't like
friends yeah childhood goals it's a
noose g7x the new g7x by cannon with the
distracting screen whatever the
technical term is I couldn't think of it
anyway we are done shooting we got some
really dope shots shout out to the man
himself give him that Instagram though
ah what is it hat x dot phase v y dot
fai z yes follow him his work is dope
and have you did some dope shots and
appreciate you helping me out that's
homie right they can top off of his
schoolwork finals all you uh for the
crew are you guys my pakistani homies
the Afghan homies hit me up oh yeah yeah
if you're in the LA area you need some
photos done hit the boy up he only
charges 10,000 per shoot right I'm
property Kanye I can't even hint yeah he
caught he rejected Kanye because he
didn't want to work with them right I
was too needy I mean like I'm not
getting my shot yeah i'll give him
around too okay but if you work with kim
coles work with Kim let me know okay yo
I got okay there we go anyway we're
leaving the what is this again to get
the Getty and we are going to I think
I'm gonna go to my hotel honestly sleep
because
I'm freaking tired probably to go to the
movies later but well someone's got some
studying to do don't mind me man whoo
but yeah I don't know I think I'm wash
that vince vaughn movie showing this oh
yeah this is beautiful oh yeah this is
one thing I miss about la is the scenery
saw motivation and look at that sky
light sky paradise I'm motivated she
motivating look at that little kids but
okay that step look at this teamwork
right there good teamwork girl I'll they
even color coordinated the whole family
man saw bat finally in my room tired as
shit and I'm so stressed out I had the
role of a chopper I'm just kidding this
is not a child but guys this is a shoe
tree for my Jordans some people come up
to me at like events and stuff and then
like yo bro I know you blaze it bro
there's no way you make those funny ass
videos sober and I'm like yeah dude we
don't do that stuff anyway he has a
Jordan tree so it kind of just goes in
there and then it's not drugs or
anything guys it's time to go to bed I'm
so tired man sorry that there was no new
video today um I just decided to wait it
out because I was not satisfied with the
video that I was supposed to release
today which was the one that we found
last week I'm sorry for my raspy voice
it was the one we felt film last week
not the one that I filmed today that
one's gonna go up soon too but make sure
you guys do indeed give me a big thumbs
up please because I love you guys and
because I think that this video is
really good because it was a la vlog and
other vlogs are so good and I'm tired
man so
I'm Clyde Bigsby looking as a friend
they don't see my vision pictures over
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal then feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smiles the only one
that knows ain't lives in a while come
talk to a wish
