loser buys whereas missions prepare to
Utley yeah what Oh guys we just got to
the mall we are in Modesto right now
swag addy Dustin Chris fill in
themselves I got to keep the screen down
because he's got to get too cocky get
into themselves anyway arrest them all
about to walk around until Harris gets
here and then we gonna film we're gonna
eat
we might who we might I don't know we'll
probably end up bowling like always or
something unless a bowling
one second yeah we look what's up yeah
you got you I got you
it closely could see all your wrinkles
now shout out to the boy s Dockery so we
just got to Harris's house about to stop
filming right now Chris over here
skating I know he's doing young Adams in
the house
what's up shut their mouths no no no not
that one the one that I the one that we
were at last time I stand over here
posing like a model so I go here clean
and his fresh kicks what is that what
are them games is the air 59 unreleased
then those are fire yeah we bout to
start filming right now hopefully before
the Sun Goes Down get this video here's
a little preview I can tell you what it
is but that's the setup so maybe you
guys can't guess what what the video is
it's a skit it's a parody so that's all
you get
could you see me rolling look at this
guy Bob it right now look at my father
fit right now we're still filming the
video this is not my real outfit but
don't look at yourself look at the lens
so what's that what like this it's too
beautiful gentlemen oh sorry here oh you
two beautiful gentlemen here we got a
gym we've got a golf course we've got
everything ladies and gentlemen oh oh
it's gonna be out of play gentlemen that
time you had a play he's gonna need a
drop so I'm about to be pulling some
Jackie Chan I'm gonna hang on the side
of the car and use the GoPro to film so
this in case I fall we're gonna have
laug it right here I'm good right here I
got a good group right here mother shit
power walks
say something a lot so I get did it
shoot games always on point no yours
these ends the 59 years
something about case some Bach ice
you know he's beard game oh it's strong
there's a little button like you know
button at this I don't know what to say
I just want to push it sometimes it so
you know something about Harris
something about your brother so we just
got done filming the new skate it's
hilarious he got a little dark outside
but we made it work
trying to figure out well we're not
really figuring out what we're doing
today but I want to go mini-golfing
because I really want to be here okay I
will whoop anybody in FIFA just saying
hey that's it Dustin let's play soccer
that's racist just because he's
Guatemalan you gonna freakin call a
mounted soccer you racist hey shots of
homie actually welcome home from the
holidays little Adam is here I'm gonna
bone him later today just qpx exit yeah
it's QP after dark he'll be in one of
the after 27 points that game being a
back at TBT you know what I mean today's
match back Friday guys Chris this up
against laughing right now they're gonna
think wow
what up guys so we decided to come
mini-golfing and I'm really excited
because I've been waiting for this to
get me ready there's no there's no
advantages here ready yeah WrestleMania
pre okay so let's go I gotta win this
guy's some serious shit right here I'm
focused right now so let's get in the
zone I'm second swag me there's a lot on
the line guys I'm really nervous here
you know expensive Wrestlemania ticket
it's not cheap guys a little go hardy
went out of plainly that's not the first
time you went hard a little bit of POW
this is for the magenta DS and OH
close but no cigar
team Kaiser team Harris today Harris is
my cousin he's won twice so I'm gonna go
ahead and say hi la team Kaiser team
Harris Harris that's our boy their team
Kaiser team here it is all the way yeah
Tim Kaiser team Harris
QoP or their team Chrysler team Harris
team Cairo
good job Bruno you gotta take it out
first the first person ever golf in the
Jordan sixes
I don't know what he said I just got my
first hole-in-one on course number three
and on that same course Harris missed by
four times so I'm leading right now I'm
not gonna get too happy because anything
can happen
what do you think let's say you're hella
cute bro shout out to the ladies oh no
your wife stuff nevermind ladies he's
not single so sorry so we just did
account Chris is in first place I'm in
second place come in third
oh you're almost Yama's in third Harris
and Dustin are in four so I'm leading
right now but I'm not getting too happy
because you know anything happened I
could mess up any time so let's see if
so I can make this right here
today tell them swag you ain't really
fuck with me way back then girl how
about now cuz I'm up right now will your
last place right now I'm not gonna be
stuck right now there you go so the
deuce is up this is up tonight's kicks
on field
we've got Yama rockin the Black History
Month kairi's Adam is rocking the Bill
Walton converse Harris is wearing the
Christmas /e LeBron ate Dustin has been
spotted in the white on white something
vans we don't know Enoch okay going the
infrared senses the Jordan futures okay
nobody so we are playing right now
there's a drought in California look at
this please stop doing the ice bucket
challenge please stop this is why look
high strung why there's no water in here
bro how you going to do it I know here
we got no water so many thirsty homes
out there that they drink up all the
water you not just use box alright how
you feel being in the lead young Chris
huh
how do you feel being in the lead I'm
just trying to stay on top of my game
like Russell Westbrook on a well Russell
West weeks been playing good but he
hasn't been winning so you might be
playing good but what if you don't move
about seven stalks oh that's almost
impossible you guys come back right now
yes I just carefully okay great thank
you thanks thanks for your time Chris
don't bother in reason zone right now
you do not talk to my client he already
gave us the interview so we're good hey
hey you gotta leave no we're not signing
anything like that
no is this is that is that oh yeah no no
sources say you like men okay oh all
right all right
get you four make it difficult for my
phone
hi guys so I just hit another freaking
hole-in-one
it looks like I'm gonna win I'm so
fucking happy right now it's not over
yet you know there's still another thing
left you know it could fall what the
this is hella hard hey this thing is
slanted like do you think so it's gonna
be a hard one right here but Chris is
beating me about at one point so I even
have a chance to win the whole thing
right now so it all depends on this one
I mean he had you had something bet on
this I'm just doing it for free I guess
I might go back he's had more money
right now
that's that June think what have you
water you can put in slow motion times I
like you I like you how does it feel not
to be last place glorious you can hold I
know comeback season that's it this is
my sport basketball complete me in
basketball he's pulling out swag one on
one here mm Minnie OH
I'm gonna follow the ball because I'm
coming for Christmas
hail is my face all right fucking scared
no God no God no wars
in the hole that poor poor Fork ice for
baby come on here we go Chris Chris
needs six or less and he wins
Oh aim for that part yeah that's all
that all he needs to make this win well
he needs this one this is that's fine
you won
let's go champion grand totals coming
right now from the lowest to the highest
here we go guys him the official tally
from the last last place last place
mister Dustin Monta parks place boy he
wears his sneakers mr. swaggy did he
started from the bottom now we're here
started from the bottom now my whole
team for game fifth place
he had a tough game in my defense my ig
crushing like my picture today so I had
a bet that he Harris
coming up and forth mr. China himself
Yemen to holding one should've bought
you flowers
coming up in the bronze mister Notre
Dame himself mr. Adam Adam take a bow
for the fan with the silver medal from
Castro Valley California mr. Omar the
winner of Wrestlemania tickets a
pay-per-view on TV together and first
place first got from Rockland zone mr.
Christopher Murray trophy and they don't
have no award for that hey I'm going to
Wrestlemania December March for Harris
another great match now with one one
time oh and uh mini-golf a mini go yeah
you have one win I have 100 yes I'm ours
Betty Betty why I wonder whether yeah
ooh
tiebreaker remember throughout the rest
of the year July 15 one direction
concert today golf at buffa back at
Harrison's house getting some pizza
right now that dome it is should be
eating this but you know celebration
won't rest of it yes uh When in Rome
what it is and golf
earlier it was you one by one Chris
that's hardly a ass-whooping anyway just
a matter if you win by an inch or a mile
winnings winning by guys we are leaving
right now okay thank you thank you
leaving right now guys about to say
goodbyes check everyone we had a good
day good film good golf watch this I'm
looking at the camera but where's the
who Beth let's get like 5,000 likes for
the whole crew Chris can't loosen it oh
don't do it yeah
new video tomorrow on the main channel
we're all looking up there let's put
this down new video tomorrow on the main
channel and I'm going to fucking
Wrestlemania alright there we go
here's where we're going in three weeks
we're going to mark your calendar
they'll get one blurry monkey calendars
you well okay yeah Sunday Marsh if this
vlog gets 5000 like I'll take ice no you
have to take me I won the bet against
12,000 I'll take it if we if this one
gets 5,000 likes then I'll get him
better seats than nosebleed get 5,000
likes guys cuz that's a better vlog for
you guys if we stay closer to make it
happen right looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of wishes in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
and those ain't laughs in a while come
talk to us
