and then he wants to troll us by saying
to geez for the easies on ebay like he
knows so today I'm gonna start this vlog
off by going on a little rant
I'm gonna try to keep it quick but I
have a problem with one of my favorite
artists one of the people that inspired
me one of the people I look up to Kanye
West but it's not just him it's adidas
too that's pissing me off when Kanye
first announced that he was with adidas
over a year ago we were all excited we
gave them time to do their thing and
then Kanye trolled all of us by saying
that the easies would be dropping in
November
nothing dropped in November once images
started leaking in 2015 around end of
January / February Kanye made a
statement saying that everyone who wants
the easies will be able to get them I
never got them and I really wanted them
I was even in New York when they only
released in New York when they had 9,000
pairs for some reason the app didn't
work on my phone
I ain't gonna work on my girlfriend's
phone and we tried for an hour straight
and it wouldn't let us add the size and
reserved it well what about online
online completely crashed and again
adidas made a statement saying that
though
Easy's will be available worldwide when
really only about 10 or so boutiques got
them and only adidas stores
internationally got them so nowhere in
America really got them to be real do
you have 50 dollars okay I'm willing to
pay that but that's still a little high
and now I'm hearing that the clothing
line for Yeezy season is going to start
at $400 to $4,000 that's the price range
let me sink that in hold on resale is at
$2,000 now you said they were gonna be
easy to get that's why I waited when
they were only a thousand bucks now that
people are seeing that they're not used
to get another at $2,000 and then he
wants to troll us by saying he's a 20d
Studies
II think I'm pretty sure all your
diehard fans who really want the shoe
aren't able to get the shoe so the
people who are trying to make money off
the shoe got the shoe because they have
connects or because they're using bots
or whatever to get the shoe and they get
to make money off of Adidas and you and
I really hope that the Yeezys are
available for everyone like you guys
promised us cuz pretty much it was a lie
you let us all on got the shoe hyped up
and that was your main goal is to get a
hyped up and you didn't get a hyped up
but hey medidas you guys aren't getting
the resale prices into your pocket
you're getting the retail prices into
your pocket so why not make tons of them
you know they're gonna sell out
regardless so make more please I'm a
Kanye fan I always will be a Kanye fan
that was my little Kanye I ran now it's
back to my daily vlog where I woke up at
6:00 a.m. to go to the gym so enjoy guys
keep your back straight
good morning people it is currently 7:30
a.m. we got to the gym at 7 a.m. and we
actually did wake up we were trying to
wake up at 5 a.m. but that didn't happen
we woke up at 6 and we got here at 7 so
doing some workouts right now after she
leaves to work I'm gonna actually just
stick around and play some basketball
and also swim first I'm extra cardio but
do it so yeah we're getting it the day
started on a good note
so yes finally now if we could do this
three or four times a week finally we
could start reaching some goals and
seeing some changes for the summertime
you win some and lose some I heard that
my whole life so as you can tell just
left the gym don't mind my messy hair
going at home going home to upload
today's daily vlog from yesterday
obviously and then get the day started I
don't even know what the day has for me
but probably do a lot of writing and
stuff like that for this next week's
video and yeah man I just feel really
good feels good to wake up early for the
first time and get into the gym so like
I said before hopefully we could get
this this early gym grind going like
three times a day a week another day
three times a week or more so we'll see
what happens you know hopefully you guys
get some motivation from this - because
that's what I love to do is you know try
to get you guys off your asses instead
of watching these YouTube videos again
in the gym but still watch my videos
guys I said that last time and you know
maybe some people stopped watching my
videos but never stopped watching my
videos because I love you yeah
all right Scott my whole squad in this
okay so here's the deal as you guys know
I got tons of shoes just sitting around
my house like and I thought you know
instead of having him just sitting here
and collecting dust I'm gonna give him
away to somebody who would might who
might make better use of them so I
posted a picture of my k/d Easter's that
I used to hoop in I don't hoop in them
anymore they're honestly they're a
little bit but not that bad but I posted
a picture of them on my Instagram and I
told people to tag 3 friends and on the
comments and they could get a chance to
win so basically I'm giving those away
on giveaway on my Instagram I'm gonna do
another one tomorrow which will be the
same day that you watch this vlog and
I'm gonna be giving away these Janowski
so if you guys want to win these
janowski's then follow me on Instagram
I'm going to post a picture of them tag
3 friends in the picture and then you
get entered to win it and I pretty much
just pick it at random I just start
scrolling to the comments so I'm trying
to do giveaway every day for the next
few days so yeah it's funny on Instagram
because sometimes I'm just I find stuff
and I just want to do random giveaway so
and if you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
I'm sorry but the giveaway that I was
doing with the four t-shirts is being
postponed until later this month so damn
it I hate when this happens
Koby come on bro stay I don't care how
much I'm just kidding I love LeBron okay
so we are at the lovely Olive Garden
fancy
five star restaurant as you can see we
didn't want to wait so we sat in the bar
area and we have a big crowd okay
she's trying to be nice because of all
of you guys is mean comments yesterday
about her a lot of people told me to
drop her from the green crew from the
crew they gotta say to those people
she's really not mean she's never on her
but what she is being I mean I mean -
she's not on her phone like you guys say
she's not it's not serious
okay obviously I'm talking to a camera
sound like I don't want to I'm going to
learn you can't say I don't yeah you
know you do feel good - but
oh yes I like she's gonna lurk behind me
like Oh like watch me yeah tension yeah
nothing attention us which is on the
phone is uncovered a Opie
but shout-out to miss Goodwin shout out
to all the people that did say we love
Ashley oh my god shout out to Jamie who
texted me and told me he was gonna beat
my ass for being rude to you even he
said I was rude to you when you told me
he said he got mad at me because I
thought you said I smell trying to help
you pack the groceries in the car and
even if she says no help her anyway why
was he in my I mean the type of dude
type of dude to hold the door open for a
woman like that's so 1980s you don't do
that anymore
you are from 1980 but I don't have I was
a baby compared I didn't pick up chicks
back then that was in the 90s
I was quite a player at my day here a
nerd in high school
shouldn't even be eating here but we
woke up early and retired so we deserve
it
we heard this we're gonna wake up again
and pardon this food off in the morning
5:30 a.m. I believe Fremont by 8 to me
at school my night yeah I want to see
better the gym that's we show them yeah
I went to where damn bronze season okay
bye guys
okay then
so ending my night at Target little
late-night target run don't even know
what I need
actually I do know what I mean I need
some face wash and I gotta get actually
some things cuz she can't go but this is
kind of random but kind of got me sad I
don't have tickets to Wrestlemania I
always buy tickets to everything like I
have to Drake
I have Coachella tickets I have tickets
to the J : Big Sean concert I just
behind tickets to whatever I want to go
to and I haven't bought WrestleMania
tickets 1 because I don't know who to go
with because nobody is interested in
that and to actually is gonna be out of
town or else I would have dragged her
along but she won't be here so yeah I've
been hesitant on buying tickets because
they're kind of pricey so who kind of
sucks but Oberon shows hunch I'm gonna
pass right now because I had a fat meal
today and yes I know so hopefully if I
do find some tickets that affordable or
I win somewhere somebody gives me some
for free I don't know maybe it's my
lucky day and I entered like four
contests to win some Easy's but I'm
probably not gonna win because who knows
how many people enter that so guys
this is my shiznit this is the stuff I
put on every time I take a shower
this is my face wash I don't know if
anybody's looking for some nice face
wash face wash to keep them pimples away
mess with this one cleaning clear free
product placement I'm not getting paid
for this guy's just trying to help out
your skin all right guys I want to thank
you guys straight up for sticking with
me for another day another vlog I'm in
tell me well can I died on my own I know
okay
happy Friday to everyone and guys go
enjoy your Friday's don't get too turnt
amen tomorrow I'm gonna be filming a new
skit for you guys
don't forget this Sunday new video when
I paint off mad
and it's gonna be really good it's a
really good really good prank so
hopefully you guys can share it support
it and I think ask potential to go
really viral so it all lays in your
guys's hands the crew who wants to help
me out and I love you guys and we'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you have a good
day good weekend just good bye okay good
bye bye about it looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures don't
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's talker cause I smile the only one
and those ain't laughs in a wild I'm
talk to a whiz
