what's up guys coming out of closet
no pun pun it no pun intended but not
really like no disrespect take me so you
got outfit change you know a change have
to get it we're going to get into a
LeBron collection very intensive hope
you guys at the time might as well
that's only right to sound with number
one that's good one so we start from the
bottom sorry from the bottom in our
we're gonna be there okay
here LeBron one you got the actual first
games right here
not that one with the red one because
this is the pair that he played with I
guess Sacramento Kings and o3 and so
this is the first games to me and this
white and red really can wear these all
day easily they are from oh three so
there are separating a little bit so
that's the one what comes after one
threes is to to okay LeBron all-star to
man this shoe is just that gray and that
blue is is really beautiful at strap and
shout out to one more child he or she is
not here in this world yet but you will
be not really matching but you will have
a pair of Papa LeBron I don't know how
you played in this boot this boot is so
stiff but I really like this is the West
Coast shoe the red bottom that little
maroon right there matches the jersey
and black upper I had another three they
got stolen from a garage so to the dude
that took it I hope you rolled your
ankle and shattered it in those shoes
yep yep that's the three right there
here we go shout out to mr. kise Omar
for this pair right here looked out for
me
at one point we did wear the same size
shoe films yeah that I'd down good and I
used to buy size 11 like a idiot
um I did Balinese a lot outdoor I people
say it's heavy I'm a little bigger dude
guns out sun's out guns out I'm a little
bigger game so I can handle these little
bit heavier shoes I really like about
theater too heavy
I'm gonna try out too mr. Palmore for
this pair this is the five LeBron I do
have a couple more pairs of these as you
can see I did beat these up outdoor it's
safe to say you've played in every
LeBron right pretty close and that's why
I can give you as a nice a review of
which one is my favorite ten and twelve
are pretty tight up I'll take ten over
for right now BAM peers from the six
this is the chop toss six shots or if
you like shots young hi mate I made a
great even better at there George can
you sit up please
BAM oh you see a little chalky off the
chalk on the back right there hands down
my favorite seven ah Christmas colorway
is just amazing
these sevens are really comfortable get
the Lord Hannah green right there pass
some green laces I think it'd be pretty
dope - you got your boy brawn right
there playing ball but what is what is
bran playing ball in like when Nike does
something like this pretty cool - shoes
like it's super dope you can see LeBron
playing ball his little childhood hoop
next up Christmas number eight
I don't celebrate Christmas but I do
like the color is red and green green is
also an eighth colorway so these are
actually my eat shoes eat seven II ate
that whole arrogant it's so soft so nice
but that lion is roaring out here at
their Georges here are you know Georgia
to be honest I've been on the hunt for
these four years and eleven half my size
and they were regular worn one time I
got in for a steal at kick spot
I love Virginia so shots are boys out
there no no no these are not the
championship nines I could not get those
and I'm not willing to pray pray I think
you're willing to pray to get them here
I'm married for a midday night so I'm
not willing to pay thousands of
thousands of dollars for a pair of shoes
so I did have the white elite colorway
and what did I do
I just painted him red put a little bit
of gold hit onto them and it looks
pretty good fayla yeah pretty good you
look close to me copies on my birthday
at the mall in Modesto really really
worthy issues a lot they're really
comfortable um guys don't leave your
shoes in the car again that bubble is
flatter than I tire with a nail in it I
was going to say like this woman oh
flatter than Ashton Kutcher's but
flatter than a fixtures but or flatter
than the would have been the Kardashians
but so they didn't get surgery and stuff
on it as you guys are aware these are
the Blues you Muju blue diamonds and you
know you the youngin had to get cop12
these are just they're they're amazing I
love them that whole unit on the bottom
I could wear these all day no questions
China tens I have one of my boys Yama is
also my cousin he's from China so he
copies for me about out in China respect
the first three colorways this is three
colors that came out I fell in love with
all three of I'm gonna had to had to pop
him another lab run 10 was the first
Nike to have the swoosh backwards yeah
that's true as ah show you on my Black
History Month black and orange like
super nice that design with that if you
flash that bad boy with that 3m is just
it's just amazing always rock this with
my giant stuff shout out to the boy qo
for looking out for your boy on these
mints this guys you guys know I love
mint I have that Jolly Rancher once I
went to the movies
so Jolly Rancher I save that for later
watermelon it's still good just look it
let's hear for later okay let me try
what
that's good right I don't have a quirk
as you guys know you have a fork near
the fourth mother sister George can you
go ahead and feel that for me please oh
okay
the leather can you feel that Philip and
if you feel that as you can see did the
waves
okay you touching myself well yeah nice
you feel it as it's going left and runs
it feels like a camel's cush got most of
Cheverus tush pretty much so I think we
wrapped up the tens oh we did and I
apologize one more for the road you
ain't never seen days of Oh Vince I jump
I could not have caught the LeBron ten
Champak I did guys did catch Lee the
your size nearly a half and a half I
thought so alright I made it pretty
penny he did me don't don't sell your
futures so for these ones I completely
made them on Nike ID the same way the
only difference is it does not have that
little floral print on there but other
than that I made them bed like right on
to it even better for me I got to
customize him rest in peace Bubba so
rest in peace from my dad on my shoe
right there oh man hold on a second
let's take it back right there
so me and my cousin Yama went to a
warrior's and heat game LeBron's playing
a warrior bronze plate on the heat
warriors up by two after hitting a big
shot play hit this really nice shot
seven seconds coming down the raw brings
it down down two points just three point
line on the corner just throws it up at
the buzzer they win by one point
second LeBron those are here that I've
seen in person at Oracle Arena I'm
actually gonna send guys the video if
you want to put it in you guys can check
out check out my reaction right now
pretty crazy pretty crazy so as you can
see I was jumping that mean y'all were
jumping up and he had put his nachos
like permitted under his seat but I kind
of moved or something so I was jumping
up and down on his nachos and I got home
and I was like oh my god like Yama I
slept on your nachos and I was opposed
to take my Jason mark and just start
cleaning this was like you know what
that's like that's a good story right
there you know I'm always gonna remember
that LeBron hit a buzzer here
three-pointer to win it by one in Oracle
at Raw Racal and you know memories in
your shoes fellas wear your shoes you
will have memories in your shoes whether
it's on a date oh I love it comes after
10 ah glow-in-the-dark these little bad
boys right here got a on 11 gumbo glow
in the eye I think there's a light in
here I don't even think it's blown the
dark like Nike what are you that's
probably the most cool I've seen besides
like the easy but that is amazing
shadow supremacy and some may know me as
the quickest undies sir
yep we were our sneakers bottom souls
from see right there when we took our
first stop a habit put these bad boys on
I'm dead stock we wear our sneakers
fellas shoutout to the boy QoP soaked I
spent me a game of putt-putt whoever
wins gets a pair of shoes guys put up
these pair of shoes for me and I put up
a pair of conquered lows and I didn't
want to take it for the bag because I
don't want doing but Caixa actually got
these for my birthday so thank you guys
for getting these from our birthday
watch the throne inspired chose those
laces those laces at Givenchy and that
gold lace lock just does what to you
brew George this is roller that you rock
be careful if I get you LeBron 11 what
the LeBron oh my gosh this shoe where
can you start working you finish
huge huge huge shout out to my brother
Jacob JB slowly sneakers you know hit
him up on follow him on IG solely
sneakers I'm always looking out for me
really salty you really really salty it
cannot get my size in these my boy Jacob
hit me up so
and you know we say eh I got eleven and
a half and that's my size so huge huge
shoe shining hooked me up he hooked me
up fat we'll give you 30 seconds to name
as many things from the models as
possible five four three two all-star
seven South Beach Miami nights Galaxy
nine gold medal ten South Beach tongue
LeBron five tongue on the bottom part
pure platinum right there
LeBron two on this design all the way
through dunk man right there
LeBron five bottom for Akron plate I'm
blanking on next up fruity pebbles right
there so I am shoe that was a lot in one
shoe who so much history of living years
in this one shoe right here which is
super crazy so Lee thank you so much
again brother
so this is the first part that came out
these are the kings pride cuz I gunmetal
color that armor color what those red
hits got the match to have this but got
the pad to match to the bad boy to next
I've got the ring ceremonial Evans
LeBron a 11 Nike ID inspired you know I
couldn't get that gold sign because I
got in the beginning
LeBron 11 Nike Air Mag inspired you got
that gray hang up those blue speckles
you got the white and these do glow so
we'll show you a little some some that
inner solution is just crazy at the
bottom right there got the lace is
LeBron 11 is my least favorite LeBron I
just really like to college they came
out with last LeBron 11 right here 2k 14
shout-out to the boy qo4 holding me down
on this one a big shout out an 82 2k 5
minute quarter shoutout yeah he did for
retail because we make memories not
resell memories always remember heist
every single night you telling me you
know I'm getting closer and closer in
the Nike contract and we had no idea
what this shoot looked like back in
November when we paid for it and then
waited all the way till almost made to
actually get a leaked picture but man
these have not yet worn these we don't
wear our limited sneakers there have
there are only two thousand fourteen of
these bad boys in the whole wide world
I'm going to keep these on ice right now
maybe on my wedding night because my see
me rocking this little bad one LeBron 12
let's go up to the 12
so the first shoot would you pull that
bro this was especially the first one I
came out they had some problems of that
hold a little hinge thing right there
with the plastic come on Nike
they took them all back there wasn't
metal on these oh man this n SRL Nike
sports research lab colorway that green
that teal like I love blue so even
tiffany blue literally Nike give this me
for a steal still smells like butter you
saw the 12 that eyeball and these are B
I know y'all probably seen these they
Yelp BAM easy inspired LeBron twelve
your boy at the global bottom we'll show
you that in a bit
that's a milky milky that's a milky it's
like the milky way here we go as you can
see we got fifteen which is my number
Baba
that's my dad we got my cousin Aaron who
passed away 15 was also Aaron's favorite
number playing soccer you know just try
to commemorate you know my dad on this
one because of hearing on this one
because under my guardian angels I was
watching over me I love Baba love you
Aaron
in the rest of the highest level
paradise always having my heart might as
well have them right here but if
somebody did it what the mag do nuts
we got three pairs of LeBrons left for
you guys probably my most I don't know
what you want to call it it's probably
my most rare payers shoutout to all the
pears that are rares here we go is jump
into the number nine first when these
little pictures of this came out I just
went nuts like that gray
blue and teal that Tiffany whatever you
want to call it that teal is just
beautiful LeBron did away that first
shapes you in this shoe but you did put
it in a little brown line of leaves so
these are nine so this colorway South
Beach and I super nice next up second to
last pair my collection him
LeBron five George K visa for me who is
I say Who I am oh yeah okay it's just
it's it's a it's an S it's a V and M st.
Vincent st. Mary's LeBron James high
school and deadstock
and you know what let's show you guys a
little something-something here so for
this pair right here
they only gave him out of the basketball
players of st. Vincent st. Mary's high
school to high school team so some of
the guys they as what I was told from
the person s all to me they each got two
parrots done pretty much ball in viña
one guy bald and one beated up he kept
the other one time came he didn't want
anymore
want to pass it on I did gracefully
accept as you probably see inside there
mister Christ that's a sample tag as you
can see that Christ they don't really
put that on the regular Nike shoes it's
a sample tag so it's only for exclusive
members it's a four it's a that's a V
skies Oh
LeBron beat LeBron V man here we go just
too many shoes here it's a authenticated
by the good people over at upper deck
memorabilia
I wonder what Santa as in this bag looks
like someone's I'm getting cold this
year for you LeBron five mister
basketball
BAM mister basketball right there
need i say more guys just take a look at
that back especially one more thing
inside here just take a gander into
there could you read what that tells me
so sample oh it's another sample the
size is that that's a size 16 6 16 I
think this guy will enable LeBron James
with size 16 yeah so these are actually
bronze actual size I say this shoe like
laughs you know saying like could there
be anything special to be on this shoe
like LeBron size and mr. basketball how
many pairs only 23 of these in the whole
wide world
but how can I show you that proof which
is laid out right there want to follow
me over here guys
damn that's the number ten pair at a 23
in the whole wide world
you got the authentication right there
from the good people over at upper deck
probably the most rare shoe I have in my
collection sign the brown shoe this is
gonna be really dear to my heart this is
this is a good mood this probably most
rare shoe so the people want to know if
there's one the Bron that you could have
that you don't have out of all of them 1
through 12 what would it be which which
color weight all righty
um the one shoot I don't have that I
would want my collection LeBron 7 heroes
pack Michael Jordan in my size 2 for
love and a half thank you guys so much
for checking out my sneak peak hope you
guys enjoy my little collection there
give us one big thumbs up for me if you
can let's get more likes think Isis
swags and Dustin's just for me please if
you guys enjoyed that really means a lot
follow me on Twitter bug on IG at Harris
k15 har our I guess k15 a lot of people
asking what my main goal is with all
these sneakers my main goal is to blow
up and then act like I don't know nobody
keep coming in my Josh
