man this is crystal clear like I'm gonna
need to keep my eyebrows leaking from
now on hey what up what up guys what
happy Tuesday it's Sunday for me we're
two days behind on vlogs because sunday
I didn't upload because for today I
didn't upload because of him and I just
really wanted to just enjoy time with my
friends admin and yg I dropped him off
to the airport said our good-byes I just
wanted to enjoy the morning with them
going to hang out with my family now so
I'm just like staying off of social
media pretty much it's like
sometimes you get so distracted by our
phones and by computers when we really
should be out enjoying time with people
we love and people we like being around
because you never know what can happen
and you don't want to regret just being
stuck to a digital world that is
viewable any second of the day like
nothing on the internet is not viewable
after a certain amount of time you know
what I mean maybe there's products you
combine things like that but it's
probably like viewing stuff or reading
stuff or looking at stuff like that
stuff can wait spend time with your
family and friends you I know I'm going
against even you guys watching my videos
like don't watch my videos I go spend
time with your family you know or watch
my video with your family create
memories through things like that you
know i'm saying so that's pretty much
why i didn't upload today and I'm
supposed to upload every Sunday but I
will be back next Sunday I already have
my video set so I guarantee a hundred
percent there will be a new video of
this sunday and the week after that and
the week after that I promise you that
we got a lot going on man the shirts
come out this saturday new video this
sunday and i gotta tell you guys about
the giveaway I'm doing so anyway I'm
going to pick up Ashley and then we're
going to my cousin's birthday lunch
we're gonna get some burgers at the
counter and just hang out so I'm gonna
take you guys with me
you
Chrissy then what was it before that
what did you cross out bro oh there's
chole
GQ that edition daddy day care right
here both of you
so he just got done eating guys burgers
really
we killed it look at this
this is the man side of the table
committed women
baby pray with me ladies and gentlemen
hold on little focus wait on it there we
go ladies and gentlemen sorry I need to
look at this screen I mean blends
introducing my new vlog camera the canon
78 g7x man this is cruel crystal clear
like I'm gonna need to keep my eyebrows
leaking from now on I'm super excited
I'm back on my vlog on guys I'm not
gonna miss a day now cuz i'm so excited
to use this toy I'm like really oh my ok
the good thing is that there's a screen
on top but I could flip it down so I'm
not gonna be looking at the screen the
whole time so here we go about to go
pick up Ashley and we're gonna go watch
the new Will Smith movie I forgot what
it's called focus yeah it's called focus
but um earlier today that really blog um
what was I doing I went to go buy this
camera bought a case for my GoPro I've
got my GoPro I got this camera and I got
my new big camera the canon 70d so I'm
pretty much like up to date on all my
equipment I'm ready to grind out start
shooting everything like i want to make
movies and a new series like i want to
make a sucka that I think you guys watch
my old videos like Afghan shore I made
uh it was a series i got once a month
episode type thing and i want to do
something that like that again so i'm
thinking up of a script let me know if
you guys have any ideas or if you think
i should do like a middle eastern theme
one or maybe uh something else some type
theme one let me know what you guys
think tomorrow is episode 5 of crew
kicks so harris's the rest of Harris's
collection which is all the bronze i
know a lot of people are excited about
that so it's going to be a good one and
yeah let's get a man let's go to the
movies let's go have a nice little
Monday night oh yeah this is the next
day by the way from yesterday's vlog
jingle bells jingle bells so we just got
to the movies and I keep looking at
myself I'm gonna do that for like the
first week but we're gonna watch focus
now possibly sneak into another movie
after maybe watch Fifty Shades of Grey
cuz i ain't paying for that shit yeah
I'm saying okay but obviously I'm with
this camera wings i'm not gonna film the
movie because that's like so 2000 1999
what okay but anyway okay guys are going
home sorry for the short vlog see you
guys tomorrow mañana mañana with a new
vlog 2 point 0 and yeah did you see
below couple thousand likes for the new
camera for a new start to the QPS three
year and looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures over change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
then feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of wishes in my head
wanna hear right you must think it's all
good cuz i smiled the only one that
knows i ain't lives in a while I'm talk
to a wish
