my body on money my vinik so deep you
can see my lower body guys we have to go
right now starting the day off on a
healthy pebbles look at this I gave this
guy the brightest gear you know I'm that
guy I kept him you know cool you know
about to go meet up with Dustin and the
homie kind of saw a cage on and you know
have some fun
so we run in right now won two games we
haven't lost yet the homeboy aka kind of
shocked I'm at the insured's in the
house where you gotta say these people
this man I'm still trying to figure out
something I don't know if you help me
with this but I'm going crazy with this
what's your problem
I'm going crazy I'm going crazy I just
can't figure it out okay I just can't
figure out what color is that cat good I
don't know that's a mindful
mind how you feeling bro hi I haven't
been
they're whole eggs okay huh yeah you got
dropped it to the Lakers huh watching
first nation where's your smiles not
your foot who are you wearing tonight
who are you wearing
where'd you get these clothes from it's
already Chaya so we are at my family
restaurant right now I had to bring up
but I want you to try it out I can't
wait for it was like actual entrees
company you know he just samples out
here I actually watch this yeah I
actually watch your blogs I don't watch
TV I don't believe in TV I don't watch
it nothing on you to watch guys relax
guys 2,000 likes and we're gonna have a
whole blog called how to get into the
club with John I'm sorry yes I will put
you on the game you don't have to have
ID you have to be a certain age just
right here okay maybe it's not
appropriate for my audience to the club
back up finish what up guys so we just
pranked off min right now how you
feeling bro
oh there was a funny prank but in the
moment it wasn't that funny
let's do soccer mission so we got to the
event right now mr. Otto's juicing room
type thing practicing the whole squad is
here you eat look at that it's awful
yeah top comment on all pictures of
behave on fleek Russell Westbrook let me
show you guys a new shirt too here
suddenly
what's the unveiling of the new crew
shirt there we go this is inspiring a
forward to blur is inspired by my
favorite TV show ladies and gentlemen
friends so you're right for the straight
guy Oh green crew just friends no family
your friends I got confused no family no
friends no friends I got the couch let's
do that over okay did you shirt inspire
my favorite TV show friends dream crew
no friends just family and the seven
children on the you know the iconic
friend's couch in orange fire it will be
on sale next Saturday link will be in
the district only no BOTS please because
what thoughts use BOTS there we go very
limited guys
we're selling him here so whatever's
left over from the
they're out here somewhere so uh
Harris is about to unleash the beast
right now three I mean my oh what's the
thing this okay go you're gonna sing for
him ready power this is a duet of power
moves ready set go
Sunim
one Chilean it's a freight fro it's a
brain it's a brain bro
Oh God if somebody walked in right now
qnc right have a motion for you there's
beef between you and swagger daddy
what's going on you know what he said he
told me his actual shoe size and I got
really upset qnz here with the people
want to know what do you think about so
our hair is exposing your real shoe size
you know I just want to say to a Harris
stop going past your ethnicity your
really Indian G model question do people
want to know do you wear your sneakers
baaji for advising for a lobbyist from
energy look at the flick of the feet
look at the flick of the feet being
himself
what is this makeup tutorials with
Achmed coming soon YouTube channel will
be awaken vit√≥ria coming soon wait on
okay guys practice skit skit take
practice number two ready
the deities and the award for best
Afghan singer of the year goes to Harris
Catan
oh my god thank you guys thank you so
much
that's the part where you and someone
take you so much for the award
oh man this is I've been waiting my
whole life for this Thank You Seng you
guys so much for coming I want to take
my mom thank you so much father for all
my family friends upon the stage thank
you let you finish but Valley is one of
the best Mac you see youth of all time
you don't know anything like okay what
color is this dress it's black and blue
my friend you know what happened to me
say about the week ago
English my name is Kyle Moore and I make
youtube videos and I like to entertain
people as you can see we started making
videos back in 2007 as you can see oh
seven on my shirt and we've been
continuing it ever since then and it's
just something that I always loved and
uh I'm happy to have these guys who
always helped me out the videos and
thank you guys yeah yeah we'll be here
until everybody's out of this place yeah
you will take a selfie right now
everybody okay I'll stay stuffy we break
it records right go check it out
you're pretty amazing but look at that
new shirt bro look at that new shirt
though show them the back
look at that selfie game though selfie
game on fleek right now
excuse me how do you feel about being
the employee of 2015 at least we do at
least really get one finger this time
is
No
right yeah
first I watch India
staple center
rub yours like 3:00 a.m. right now we
just finished eating didn't vlog here is
just chilling and enjoying the QT with
family family with my walls chat to the
members Monday I meant by Monday
remember Monday yeah
the hair is on fleek and I'm tired yo we
had a great day but we are gonna say our
goodbyes and call it a night
I gotta edit this vlog I gotta edit the
video and we gotta but anyway thank you
guys for watching this vlog he said I
haven't asked you guys to get a soon to
man likes in a while so let's try to get
the most likes on a blog right now so
like I'm challenging you to get at least
four four thousand so make it happen
y'all I love you guys we'll see you
Mineola
good here this Oh
click 100-hour what is before in koreans
pitiless woes that's right before you
ended up he loved me now by looking as a
friend they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'll talk to
