so squad goals are at an all-time high
right now sparking on 50 get your
billions back America man we got a great
blog lined up for you today ladies and
gents shit I was gonna say it's 10:00
a.m.
really early I'm going to get a haircut
and oh my gosh and and today is gonna be
a great day man
I've watched you are flying into town
my hip is coming through the whole crew
is gonna get together we're gonna have
like a nice little dinner later today
for the honey Kay celebration yeah
tomorrow's the event at a stock town so
we're just gonna chill hang out and then
probably practice tonight a little bit
because we have a practice but we out
here making power moves baby so let me
put some air in my tire cause my tires
are flat again we're just wonderful
that's a problem I've had with this car
as my fault my tires keep getting flat
I'm not the fuck's wrong with it but
it's a different one this time finally
so let's go no more freaking long ass
bangs in my face punch cut gotta line up
the beard later today but we are at
Target right now how about I get my
actually I gotta buy a razor to line up
my beard and whatever else I come across
and then yeah so let's go see what we
can find in this motherfucker
guys so I don't watch too much TV but
recently one of I don't watch like newer
shows but one of the shows that I've
been watching because Ashley and my
sister and then watch it on my house all
the time is Modern Family and I'm really
getting into it and I just walked around
in Memphis odes but I want to start from
the beginning and I'm gonna buy the
whole one through five series of Modern
Family and I'm gonna start it the only
other series that I've seen every single
episode of is friends and family guy one
through season like eight I haven't
watched any of the new family guys I
haven't bought any of the newer fast and
furious is just because I'm waiting to
get the complete seventh set when the
seven comes out on DVD or blu-ray or
whatever but I can't wait for a fast
seven about the washout in IMAX
Calabar steak dish and waiting here all
night so much a fake way moving that's
all right
right now I'm gonna go pick up Atman and
hua ji their flight should be landing in
like five or 10 minutes and I am like 30
minutes away because of this traffic and
I'm gonna cut this lady off fool bars
and yeah man cleaned up the beer and
everything look at all look at all GQ is
shit you feel me we're gonna see where
Ockman and watch ER right now should be
picking them up and I don't see them yet
he said that one maybe they are further
down
did I miss them I don't think I missed
him
yeah and the future of Bollywood so
we're Marvin right now the whole crews
in the house our DD for the night we're
about to go get some falafel quarter
right now which is some great hallo
pizza I'm gonna break my three-week no
pizza clause because the whole crews in
town and we're gonna have a good night
right yeah all right okay just can't
probably even even seen them so just
keep all right let's go now let's all
just pray that location safe that's why
you can change that shit that's why if
your eyesight's not that is if I can
blue but yet it's about the rods and
codes at how Holi precedes the dim light
and bright light that's what he keeps
changing on you so it changes on the
environment the background and all that
are you looking at that picture a
million times it's always gonna be black
and blue five seconds I took a
screenshot cuz I started tripping out
after I took the screenshot I went back
into my camera roll it turns to black
and uh it's not gin bro it's like just
how you receive black mark in the black
and blue I seen the video I mean it's so
crazy where you have two lawful corner
now and we put all our phones in the
middle as you can see right here whoever
touches it has to
it's just some they get what is it cause
I have to do in music there so it sounds
like a word but anyway we're all here
together you got the black side over
here in his robe yeah so we're like a
greenish anyway tomorrow no it's black
and blue or white it goes off not this
again we got an exclusive team Sierra de
Paris are you nervous for tomorrow's
ahead you know what I think we're gonna
give it all I got you know it's gonna be
really tough but I think I'm up for the
challenge that was a joke my team is up
for about some of your crew here yes oh
wait everyone has to put their phones on
loud no no
okay let's just keep it okay we're all
with you guys okay we're all feature
Bollywood superstar over here please me
sir what's your name and where you from
Mike
you got the answers you know okay my new
movies coming out soon be sure to take
that out it's me October's very own two
guys did you a lot of people when they
get into a role they feel like that
character turns into their real life did
you really have to get into the zone for
this one this one I do actually do some
research so I did time in Hollywood
these little bad words on the show no no
way home today is the place okay oh geez
I'm a one COP after dark
I'm a my brother to keep in the episode
1 we'll see you guys next week when we
interview so the pizzas are here
well two of them are got no more coming
breaking my diet right now cheat day
reward day you got it reward day it's
not the first time you said that's a
reward day yeah so reward day so we're
about to go in so we just got to Santana
Row guys we have a parking lot pivot
right now Dustin's taking a pee in the
quarter
you use ratchet but we're gonna fill the
vine from a hip right now so let's get
it
just give it let's get it to do it so
you like try this in zoom out okay see
you like this and then zoom out but try
to get it instantaneous so you don't
want to pause just continue it's like
six seconds
she's leaving where you would action
ready set Jackson do it like so here we
go action so squad goals are at an
all-time high right now barking oh I
really want tomorrow's vlog to be like a
documentary where someone else films
that would be so hard
hiring my little cousin who exactly
retorted I'll bail texted you like we'll
give you 50 bucks so hopefully we can do
that
we're nice I'm saying that's weird some
shit and shake so look so I think you
should go like this like it was
something with that mixes go out and
then we're coming eat try what do that
and then make out we're gonna call it a
night guys I gotta I'm gonna watch these
bed set up here look how good I set them
up one on the couch do the handshake
guys let's do the handshake let's do the
handshake anyway tomorrow I mean today
you guys gonna be watching this today
we're gonna be performing in UOP so they
can stop in and you don't come you're
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision creatures always change but I
failed my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughs
in a while come talk to a wizard
