okay guys so I want to start this thing
off different because I don't really
give you guys much advice as much as I
want to because only talking too much in
the vlogs you know I want to show you
guys what I'm doing rather than talking
but one of my main goals in between the
music one of my main things is to
inspire others and to motivate others
and to give advice to others so that's
when we start doing this in my vlogs I
can do what I want right worried about
getting yourself right screw a
relationship a relationship will come
when you want it to come just man just
worry about yourself man just like get
your mind right get your money right get
your grind right you know if somebody
doesn't like you whatever who cares dude
other people are gonna come people come
in and out of your life it's a given if
you're in high school
all those people you're friends with in
high school they're gonna disappear all
those crushes you had in high school
you're gonna get over them okay so stop
worrying about that stupid stuff and
worry about supporting your family
supporting yourself like I stopped
worrying about stupid stuff because that
stuff doesn't matter okay worry about
getting a career right and getting your
your mind right like me I'm out here
this is my breakfast okay cuz I'm on a
diet now so that's my one of my main
focuses to get back in shape but why I
get back in shape because it might help
me in the long run with my career as far
as acting you know what I mean so it's
very important about how you look in the
acting world so that's what my new goal
is so to get back in shape and man just
stay on your hustle and stay on your
guys I'm worried about a relationship
stuff man cuz like you might even if you
you might have had an ex-girlfriend or
an ex-boyfriend that doesn't want you
anymore yeah yeah blah blah blah that's
cool but if it's meant to be it's meant
to be it's gonna happen nothing you can
do is gonna change that you know I'm
saying like if somebody doesn't have
feelings for you they're not gonna grow
feelings for you just because you're
sure that you're sad get come on get up
off your couch go do something
productive once that they see you're
productive and you've changed your life
maybe then they'll come back 100
now I haven't really been taking care of
myself over the past few months and I
realized that this week like I let my
beard get out of hand every time I get a
haircut I just let it go you just get a
haircut in a week later I clean up the
beard and stuff but now I just let it
grow and it's it's not good man it's
crazy because one thing like it all it
all works together like not going to the
gym if it makes you lazy and then once
you're lazy you forget about like
cleaning yourself up but once you clean
stop beating yourself up and you're lazy
you get unmotivated to work all this
other stuff so it you have to be you
have to go to the gym for me this is my
personal thing but I mean it kind of
works for everyone depending on how you
are but a healthy body is a healthy mind
you know what I mean so like when I'm
when I'm in the gym and I feel good I
wake up early too and it makes me want
to work harder today but if I work if I
wake up late like I wake up at 12:00 or
something I'm just so bummed out that I
woke up so late and I'm just so crapped
out I want to stay in bed all day and I
just I can't I go to the gym but I
wasted half the day already you know so
I'm trying to wake up early get my mind
right work grind out and just like you
know get back to how I used to be so I
always want to ride that whip you know I
can't be missing opportunities you gotta
get in shape you've gotta help the crew
grow kind of build an army and hopefully
you guys are down to help the crew and
support and everything because I know
you
some of you guys are really early loyal
to the crew and I appreciate it and I
love each and every single one of you
but let's get bigger man let's let's
take over this thing man just put two
hours in in the put two hours in in the
gym now it's time to get some good food
Whole Foods I honestly don't know what
I'm doing here never shopped here so
we'll see what I'm gonna purchase but
maybe something healthy I played
basketball treadmill and then I was
gonna go swim but there was no it was
closed today
so I ended up I didn't vlog guys sorry I
was kind of hungry and I just got caught
up but I had a salad and then uh and
some mashed potatoes and a little bit of
mac and cheese that's it just a little
bit but yeah man anyway going home now
the Cleveland vs. Warriors game starts
in an hour so I'm really excited about
that
and I'm really happy that I don't have
to edit all day I was editing all day
that's why I didn't upload a vlog
yesterday but I'm sick of blocking all
day in the car so I'm stop blogging
right now I got a surprise for you guys
I've had these for a few days and I
haven't worn them haven't shown them but
today I feel like it's time to unveil
them to you guys what's up okay so I'm
back inside the house of my vlog camera
is really unstable so it's on top of my
both speakers so I'm not gonna touch the
table so it doesn't shake but I'm gonna
show you guys my two pairs of Nike IDs
that I got this is like an impromptu
crew kicks for you guys but before I
show you the shoes I'm gonna show you
guys these these are the what the Kobe
AIDS um it's supposed to be everything
on the shoe is supposed to be different
and it's inspired by all the colorways
of the Kobe eight so everything on the
shoe is different people think that I'm
wearing the wrong shoes when I wear
these but they're and indeed the same
shoe let me uh sorry about the shaking
camera put my phone on mute Ashlee said
should I get a pedicure yeah do it
okay so you see okay so I've got a
little bit creative on my key ID I'm not
gonna lie I found this I saw the picture
of these on somebody's on eBay actually
somebody was trying to sell their this
and I said you know what I'm gonna make
my own and I changed up a few things
I've been to the exact same way that
they did it but I did it my way and and
I am satisfied so without further ado on
Nike ID I created my own version of a
what the but I did the newest Nike
signature athlete what the kairi's whoa
look at that now you're probably
wondering the first thing that comes to
your mind is how did I make two
different colors on my two different
everything's on my Nike IDs well I'm
gonna tell you okay because I didn't
just buy one pair I bought two pairs so
you see two pairs here but so I bought
this pair and then I bought this pair so
I bought two pairs of Kyrie Nike IDs
don't mind my hair coming down and then
I just switched the right foot and a
right foot from one of the colors at a
left foot from the other color and I put
them together and there we have a what
the Kyrie that is definitely let me show
you this one that is inspired by the
what the Kobe's so what do you guys
think
I think I did a really good job as far
as trying to match the colors and the
cool thing about this is like now people
are now your next question is what are
you gonna do with the second pair the
other question but no I am giving the
second pair
well not giving two but I hit up swagga
Diddy who wears a similar size to me and
he said he's down to do it so we are
gonna split them but he gets one pair I
get one pair and yeah what the kairi's
glow-in-the-dark signature his signature
we didn't do the custom
show you guys comparison to the Kobe's
what do you guys think pretty good job
right look at that my favorite part is
definitely the orange speckles on there
man I think I did a really good job as
far as mismatching the colors the other
dude that I found saw it on he kind of
had some different colorways on there
that I didn't really understand so I
just threw my own things that I thought
worked better with it
so that's that shoe and then yes you
guys can go ahead and make your own - if
you guys are down to it like I'm not
gonna be sit here and be like oh you
copied me because it's Nike ID this is
my favorite this is spot frickin on look
at that and this right here this purple
with the blue speckles oh my god that is
just as Harris would say bah bah bah
bugger did the maroon tongue kind of
goes well with the what the I mean the
long mercurial tongue from the what does
but the inner is just spot-on really
good job I did there
man so there you have it what the
kairi's let me know what you guys think
yeah if you find somebody that has the
same size as you as you and you're down
to do it you only got to pay for one
Nike ID and what the kairi's so let me
give you guys a better look man what do
you guys think and the cool thing about
it is we did a glow bottom so we got
this one glows blue and that one glows
green so it comes out so dope dude man
like ID appreciate it I don't know what
to say
alright guys looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you'll know what
I feel like
I wishes if I didn't want to hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one
and those ain't laughs in a while I'm
talk to a whiz
