who TV was good I'm Kyle Mar welcome to
episode 4 of crude cakes you are
watching it live from the best YouTube
channel for sneakers on the YouTube
network - TV hope you guys are ready for
episode 4 I know I'm ready for episode 4
we got a special episode 1 of you guys's
favorite people from the QoP team Harris
is going to show you an updated look at
his sneak peak now you guys saw his
sneak peek over a year ago and let me
tell you guys he has got some crazy
things in there since then also on
today's episode I'm gonna tell you guys
how I organized my sneakers that's very
important to any sneaker head who
collects and has a lot of shoes in his
house keeping them organized and knowing
in what's in your collection is very
very very crucial now let's start things
off by going into Harris's collection
now he says that he has the best
collection that crew cakes has ever seen
that crew TV has ever seen but you guys
are gonna be the judge of that
so let's go ahead and get into it
what's up everybody welcome sorry for
that little thing right there's my boy
DV welcome to my my sneaker room this is
where all the sneaker related stuff goes
on so appreciate that guys for coming to
one much-anticipated
thank you guys everyone asking to see my
updated collection and let's get into it
we got a question before we can start
this the people want to know is this
gonna be the best episode Oh hands down
hands out over Kai's over swag swag Zord
essence over some guy named I'm putting
perfect in perfect perfect pairs perfect
pretty years yeah yeah okay everyone now
it's time to go into my Jordan closet
here we go as you follow me guys okay
now we're here thank you guys for coming
as you can see this is my Jordan
collection right now not the biggest
collection but um as you can see I do
love threes and I do look twelves and I
got some other numbers down at the
bottom you know this three right here is
just as we as we like to call butter no
place no butters yeah absolutely Nike on
the back just that beautiful little
stamp basically this is my favorite
probably Jordan probably one of the
shoes that holds the most value to me
this is my first Jordan I ever purchased
back in 2011 what do you got to say to
the people that wouldn't call you a real
sneaker head because you're fairly new
to the game I am fairly new to the game
so for me is when I was younger I
couldn't afford basketball shoes like
the nice ones Jordans of Kobe's Pippins
all this kind of stuff we couldn't
afford those so I had to do with you
know whatever else I could afford my
family to the fourth time so when I got
my job when I got my you know everything
settled was the first pair
how about myself so that means a lot to
make this in the first pair of shoes
that you know I work you know my own
hard earned money towards so fire Reds
you know story behind this one has us on
the blogs and so I've had a really bad
trip in Virginia last I mean kites went
together shadow kick spot you know it
was a nice little stamp at the end of
our
pretty crazy trip going on true blues
this is just classic as you'll see they
are beat because I love these this one
and blacksmiths hands down you know if
I'm going to go out the house really
quick I want some heat on my feet these
are the ones the last sneak peak you
guys saw me have a pair of crimson
threes in the box fresh I got really
sick and tired of looking at those shoes
black down everything that was purple
purple left inside that reddish crimson
color which is perfect and I painted the
bottom green acai glow-in-the-dark but
you know it gets the job done and nice
little easy probably my favorite 12
right here playoffs I beat these to hell
them back basically obsidians I love
blue you're really easy to throw those
on taxi they're not very very happy with
this shoe with the craftsmanship and
stuff but hey inverted playoffs I'll
take it cherries I love these shoes
I thought red and white is just butter
this shoe reminds me of when a I cross
the Jordan sort I'm looking to shoot
after anosmia left these in my car so
the token tear it they're talking to me
guys don't leave your shoes in the car
especially in the summertime I had to
learn the hard way new book 12 shout out
to school supremacy auctions any
military fors really simple as you can
see they are dirty because we wear
sneakers fellas every sneaker head has
these these are like a pair of Converse
and anyone's collection not very keen on
the other colors and whatnot but this is
one that will be in the collection it's
really easy black white and red
I call these sleepers you can put these
on really easy really comfortable to
their flat I'm flat footed so to be
honest completely honest
other than this shoe right here in 2011
leave my favorite shoe since 2011 that
release is this one right here this shoe
craftsmanship is just as as the French
say Butera boots here - yeah boots here
yes feel that thumb there George
I mean guys feel that and that is that
that but it that feels like a baby's
bootie that feels like a baby's bootie
that's that butter you get
Roscoe you know saying the free samples
if we said are the big loads the big
ones yeah you like results
oh wait wait a second what's going on
here
alrighty he would be what guys we're
gonna get on a flight we're gonna take
you to my next closet okay I probably
it's gonna be like my little shoes iam
type collection if you can follow me now
we're here thank oh let's kind of start
over here as you guys know my twitter
name is IG named Harris k15 looks like
the Benihana no longer so number 15
growing up playing basketball 15 was
always my number
shot to this guy right here mr. Vince
Carter these are actually the first shoe
I was in seventh grade and this is the
first time my dad ever bought me
something exact shoe I did repurchase
this growing up I love Vince Carter love
North Carolina just watching them play
and you know there's my little think
towards Vince Carter next stuff you know
let's let's go up here big fan of the
Back to the Future movie the best part
about that trilogy is Bam Bam so
obviously these are not the Air Mags the
actual Nike ones this is the was a
universal release but these are just
beautiful the really comfortable warm
New Year's Eve I had to break in the
year with them next up let's go over
here of a huge Star Wars fantasy I saw
from the beginning the dark what's up
you know here's my boy right here he's
just chilling up appreciate it for
strong to his little brother I'm just
gonna to it over here r2d2 I love r2d2
just yeah yeah appreciate our - Thank
You Man he says up I hope you guys enjoy
my collection Roche runs and inspired by
the man himself r2d2 that little red hit
right there in the front like this
little laser thing right there LeBron 12
this is the latest model of the LeBrons
right now
huge huge awesome at this this shoe is
just crazy
this shoe football is amazing really
competitive to LeBron 10 which I love
playing ball in as well
got a couple of bronzes you got that got
that USA number six golden metal boys
two-time champ right here
bambam then we got to take it back to 23
right there
Cleveland when I told you guys that the
first one my dad ever taught me was this
one right here this Vince Carter one I
actually rolled my ankle in these so I
kind of retired these a throme in the
back of the closet and they just got
lost after that after that a huge Kings
fan growing up and Chris Webber the C
dubs this was a rerelease I'm gonna had
our beat to the ground they're gone
somewhere as you can see in this picture
right here
that's me playing hoopsters in series
California my dad took this picture as I
got sucked out of the game he really
liked it when I was playing that day and
he's like you know he gave me my
Gatorade and he said you know what here
pose for a picture here so see my loved
brother Adam right there playing ball to
little baller you know it's really
really memorable moment right there my
dad being happy with me and you know
taking that snap and I got the shoes
that he bought me and I was doing
working these recipes move on if I can
give up every shoe in here and keep one
you guys tell me right now what shoes
would you keep would be this one right
here this one means the most to me even
though it's not the actual one that I
grew up with playing ball in but it is a
rerelease and does give me those
memories of my dad buying for me and my
dad and joined me playing basketball on
them this is my favorite shirt here so
sometimes you know sad about that Jordan
not about that LeBron or anything but
collect what you like keep what you like
wear what you like and if the shoe has a
story behind it that's all that really
matters right there so you play for the
d-league right I played for the d-league
okay so I give the D a lot of the
different defenses
pretty much and so hands down shoes the
beginning these are beat I play ball on
these all day I had to upgrade and get
this so literally these two you know the
tens have a run for their money now
can't go wrong with a link ten a little
bit more stiff from the bottom because
that Nike Plus thing that Nike failed on
LeBron six shots a gummi bears
forgiveness for me does go every begins
for me I might not know you're inspired
by the boy Batman himself that's what I
ball in right now those are the current
rotation the other ones that I had get
ballin they probably got beat to shreds
and they're kind of they might have they
might have got the boot what's up guys
coming out of closet no pun intended but
not really like my disrespect take me so
you got outfit change if you have an
outfit change out to get it we're going
to get into a LeBron collection very
intensive hope you guys other time let's
check it out on man need i say more guys
just take a look at that back are you
guys ready for part two I don't know if
you guys are ready for part two but
click that thumbs up if you are next
week next Wednesday is going to be part
two of Harris's collection mostly
actually all LeBrons and it is a little
bit of flame guys it is fire emoji so
make sure you guys tune in for that but
now I'm going to tell you guys a little
bit about how I keep my sneakers
organized and how I know what I have in
my collection a lot of sneaker heads
like myself sometimes we forget about
what we have there's so many boxes in my
room there's so many cabinets and shells
that I can't I can't remember every
single one that's there so recently I
discovered an app called snubs basically
snupps is a way for you to showcase what
you have as far as collectibles it could
be sneakers it could be jewelry could be
outfits of the day it doesn't just have
to be sneakers but I use it for sneakers
so basically what you can do is showcase
all of the sneakers in your collection
say I'm out shopping and I find a really
dope sweater
and I'm trying to think what shoes I
have in that same maybe black and red
colorway and I go through the app and I
look at my collection and I'll see okay
bread 11s go with it maybe bread ones go
with it so basically that's how I use it
and honestly it's a really good app and
it's really fun to check out other
people's collections that's what I enjoy
most about the app so if you guys want
to actually help you boy out and build
my followers up go ahead and check out
the app and follow me drop a comment and
check out my collection on there I know
you guys have seen my sneak peek but you
can get more of an image of what I have
and you know show me your collections
you know follow me maybe I'll check out
your collection and see what you guys
got too you can actually click the
description box down below and it will
get you a direct link to the app if you
don't want to look for it in the App
Store just click the link down below and
it will take you right to it you don't
have to worry about searching it or
anything like that
well that's it guys hope you enjoy
cooking episode 4 let me know what you
guys think in the comments down below
are you guys ready for Harrison sneak
peek part 2 next week and what else do
you guys want to see from crew cakes man
we're always listening here at cool
cakes we're always wondering what the
viewers want to know what the viewers
want to see whose collections you guys
want to see and yeah make sure you guys
subscribe man pushing for it hope you
guys enjoyed and we will see you guys
next week oh don't forget guys we where
are
