let's start this thing with some beer or
family
what's going on guys we just got to
Phoenix like literally we just landed
and we came straight to been had those
two start to pop up and there's a nice
little line outside it's about to be lit
the first guy has been camping since
Wednesday so that boy's been out here
for four days which is like a new record
about to go outside right now the usual
give everybody or the first couple
people some Stan's socks to my dog baby
girl my mom my dad and my homies damn
you kill a sheep somebody call PETA okay
so I'm I'm low-key exhausted you guys
probably tell from my body language it's
been a long day as I told you we got
here early in the morning and we're just
going straight to the pop-up no hotel no
rest no nothing I went to sleep late
editing but we here now and yeah we're
getting this pop-up started I'm just
looking at like all these shoes that I
used to one in high school it's crazy
like err 425 these are the Air Force
twos that I told you guys that I used to
have the Laker editions and then they
got hella like LeBron Air Force Ones I
wish these were my size but these are
not my size these are so freaking dope
right here oh my god these I might I
might fold the trigger on these ones
right here I know Harris would be in
heaven over here they got so many LeBron
like og Nikes it's crazy high number
number one
number uno beside what up yo I've been
waiting for days for days what have you
been doing in four days just nothing
literally have been born how you keep it
how you surviving like eating you like
on your phone you got your charger
portable chargers all that yeah yeah we
appreciate you coming out you know and
you know we won't take care of you but
we want to do something we haven't done
before today the first time we're gonna
give you some supreme I'm down with that
okay so I heard there was a few items
you liked the shoulder bag and crosstie
is that what we got through we got you
those two items right now so you are
gonna get these for free thank you I
appreciate him and we got two minutes
really why'd you guys get here I got
here two days ago two days ago shout-out
to my mom and my girl bringing me food
while I'm out here shout out to my homie
lechuga and Dax I did it bro I like the
outfit thank you my man came in here and
he said he made something for me but it
wasn't finished I don't know if the
camera can catch it but this is the O
seven logo like white on white with
speckles just take some paint okay it
just kind of splattered on that side do
a couple brushstrokes if you want
whatever you like yeah whatever you want
Oh
that's nice yeah now you're gonna wrap
the other side you know what it is
I asked Nina do a couple of brushstrokes
on it you know
that's sick dude but newest series where
I paint faces and then I always still
The Supremes are gonna go over their
eyes
not just the closet this will Michael
and they'll just might go in the bedroom
so don't hit the merge though yeah your
friends don't know you could do this so
this might be end a really bad bro I'm a
cringe your turn now bro I wanna shout
out to my girl kandi today's our
anniversary but I came here to see Kai's
all of a sudden Finn I drove two hours
to get here go to my YouTube channel
that was Jeff I made titi Maj 18 we are
here chillin guys taking a rest right
now but the homeys in here was good
youtube.com slash Brandon here is BRE
and Dee Shawna Kai's we gotta get Scott
to 100 real quick just so ensuing soon
we just wrapped up the pop-up we're
about to leave my man pulled up right
now what's up and he said I got
something for you my man give me some
n64 games no mercy this is the best
freaking wrestling game of all time I
used to create wrestlers and do the
Royal Rumble in this thing but I
appreciate it and then also like the NWO
game and then like WWE war zone
appreciate you bro thank you my mama and
my hands are taking up what you said
love um this guy right here man he's
doing big things
keep watching his videos man subscribe
give him two one mil you know yeah I was
there
and I'm just looking forward to see what
you got math in the future is
appreciation and thank you so much hell
yeah yeah I'm happy I got to see before
I left
yeah all right guys so we just wrapped
up the pop-up shout out to everybody in
Phoenix who came out I showed love shout
out to Ben had those for hosting us and
we have a few hours to spare before we
head back to LA we're literally here for
the day but we're gonna check out
another store called Wang's closet my
man's works there
China okay it's been in the vlogs a
couple times yeah it was Gucci s HB
vlogs s HB vlogs you already know what
it is uh we're gonna go check it out and
see what they got you always come here
right here yesterday today today
well my look around but you know what
we're gonna do now we're going to
transition into some slow-motion hittin
not hit the intro
I guess I didn't buy anything but the
store was pretty dull but now we got
about an hour until we need to head to
the airport so we're just gonna chill
hang out hit up a little lounge you know
relax just chill bro you boys exhausted
ain't you want the block though you're
gonna have to what I'm gonna have to
heat you on the blog go quick why call
me SHP vlogs s HB vlogs logs logs logs
alright go you could get you know what
I'm gonna give you a Lincoln bio for
that go alright go check me out real
quick sh b view so I can I get a picture
real quick - all about it there you go
let re you I am currently back in LA now
I left Phoenix I was so so so exhausted
laundry's been stacked up living rooms
been dirty for like three weeks now tour
life ends in two weeks but we still got
tons of traveling to do for the rest of
the year and oh that's crazy man it's
crazy I've been super exhausted but you
know I can't complain because you know
at the end of the day this is what I do
this is my job and I'm very very
grateful for it anyway the next stop is
Toronto this weekend the six finally you
guys always see us rep the six we're
always throwing it up you know how much
love I got for Toronto the reason why I
always throw up the six is not just
because I'm a huge fan of Drake it's
because I'm I love Toronto it's one of
my favorite places to go in the world my
first ever event was in Toronto I
believe it was in 2012 so it always
holds a special place in my heart
because that was like the first city
where people flew us out there you know
I'm saying I didn't ask for $1 all I
asked was for my flight to be covered
because I barely had any money back then
and they flew us out they got us a hotel
and we had our first ever event out
there so it's crazy to go back there now
and have the first ever sneaker con now
you see that box right there we gonna
unbox that
what's in a box let's open some boxes we
only have one box to unbox today right
here do you guys think I should do all
my own boxing's with the versace robe on
I feel like there's someone else who
does it on YouTube but I don't know I
don't know I feel like somebody does it
but I don't know this package is from
Under Armour but it's it's superlight
but I want to say it's a pair of
sneakers and if it's what I'm what I've
been waiting for for months now I'm
going to be very very happy so I kind of
feel like it's those oh my god I have
been waiting for this sneaker since
April of 2017 I know that wasn't that
long ago but since NBA Finals I have
been waiting to own this sneaker Wow
okay as you can see SC 30 logo that is
Steph Curry's logo with Under Armour all
right less talking let's open this bad
boy up
oh my god wow this is the curry for in
the very limited China colorway Steph
Curry debuted the curry Ford during the
NBA Finals this year you know courageous
he threw a curve ball nobody expected
him to wear these nobody was you know
there was no leaked images or anything
he just said yo new curry on my feet and
the internet went crazy immediately when
I saw them I wanted them on my feet I
wanted to test them out and I they
looked amazing these just by looking at
them they look like like the big this
could be the best basketball shoe of the
past ten years like I don't know yet I
don't know yet but just based off what I
see it can be that that this can be that
shoe first thing I want to say with this
is I love this bottom I'm really
interested to see how this feels on the
court there's like a little gap right
here and I feel like that's either gonna
really help you with the way you step or
it's gonna be really feel really awkward
because your foots gonna is not really
sitting on anything right there so I'm
interested to see how that feels if you
guys know warriors if you guys have been
paying attention to Curry's career over
the past few years you know that earlier
in his career he had a lot of ankle
injuries that's why he wears those crazy
thick ankle braces so I would never
think that curry would release a shoe
where this upper mainly the ankle area
is so thin I feel like this is a shoe
that will take a few a few wears to
break it in just cuz it seems super
stiff right here this toe area I don't I
doubt you'll have any problems with that
but it man I'm I'm really really really
happy to have these thank you Under
Armour for blessing me with these
especially this colorway cuz this
colorway is super super limited yeah man
I do know more information about a
possible championship pack but I'm not
gonna leak that information cuz I don't
know if I'm supposed to be telling you
guys this but there could be a
championship pack coming out very very
soon so stay tuned I think they did a
fantastic
job with these and if this is the future
of the curry line I'm very very very
excited to see what else they have in
store like obviously they're gonna make
a four point five and then the fives are
gonna come out next year so yeah man I'm
excited I want to play basketball on
these but then I don't want to mess up
this colorway but I also don't want to
wait for the the white and black
colorway to come out because that's the
color that's on pre-order right now if
you guys if you want to copy your pair
right now Under Armor calm I will put
them I will put the link in the
description Under Armour didn't even ask
me to do this they didn't even know I
was getting these first of all these
just showed up at my door but if anybody
wants to buy these shoes right now you
can pre-order it on Under Armour com
I'm gonna put the link in the
description box down below if anybody
wants to check it out and pick them up I
think I think it's gonna be a really
good buy bro the price point one hundred
and twenty nine dollars for a signature
basketball shoe very very good you will
be getting an encore performance review
of these very very soon I would say stay
tuned to crew kicks that's it pretty
much wrapping up today's video I know it
wasn't super insane but I've been
exhausted guys and I'm gonna keep it
real with you guys
tour life is kicking me in the ass right
now let me get less formal and talk to
you guys as if we're sitting together
and we're chopping it up you know when
the tour started in August the tour
started in August and it was super super
crazy we started it right before school
started for a lot of people so we were
able to go to see like we went to like
five or six cities back to back to back
within a week and a half and then one
September came around because of school
we only have been doing pop-ups every
weekend on paper it seemed like a
fantastic idea and it was a great idea
because you know we were people were
able to come out we were able to go to
different cities and not worry about
people missing it because of school what
sucks about it with my personal life
which is I feel like I shouldn't be
complaining again because this is what I
do is since every part every weekend is
a pop-up that means we come to LA for
the week and then
Friday pack up and go for the weekend to
somewhere for the pop-up and then Monday
comes around I come back to LA for like
two days and then get ready and then
gotta go again and it's been like that
all of September and the first two weeks
of October so again I'm not here to
complain I'm just telling you guys that
I'm like very very drained and exhausted
and that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop
uploading them that doesn't mean
anything bad but I just you know these
these are my vlogs you know I'm saying I
want to tell you guys how I feel want to
tell you guys what's going on in my life
I show you guys a lot of personal stuff
I just want to let you guys know where I
am and how I'm feeling right now it
doesn't mean I hate what I'm doing at
all it's it's just you I think you could
tell like at the pop-ups I always want
to be fresh I always want to give you
guys 100% energy I always want to stand
up and interact with you guys because
that's the most natural way I don't want
to sit behind a table and sign
autographs and bend over to take
pictures you know what I'm saying I want
to you know shake your hand give you a
hug
have a conversation with you and I feel
like the last few pop-ups I've kind of
slacked in that area just because I've
been so so exhausted after standing for
a couple hours and then doing it
back-to-back days and then doing it
back-to-back weekends but again I can't
complain because this is what I do like
I said so I'm just letting you guys know
how I'm feeling and you know we just got
to keep going and keep grinding keep
pushing because you guys are the reason
why I'm able to even do the tour you
guys are the reason why I'm able you
know even getting packages like this
because without you guys watching you
know I'm not getting these you know I'm
saying I'm not going on these trips and
I'm not getting these opportunities so
everybody who is part of the crew
everybody who's in this dream crew I
want to say thank you guys I love you
guys and I'm sorry for talking so much
but I just wanted to have a little
one-on-one with you guys and tell you
guys what's going on with me and how I'm
feeling
I hope everybody else is feeling great
and I hope everybody else has been you
know stress-free from school from work
from family problems from relationship
problems whatever it is just remember
that even though you might be going
through a tough time right now just
remember that every day is a new day and
just because yesterday he had a bad day
doesn't mean today is gonna be a bad day
so wake up start fresh start with a
positive mindset and just keep crying
and keep pushing through any obstacle
that comes in your way because I promise
you it will be worth it you'll laugh on
it or you'll take it as a memory or you
will make it into a learning experience
so keep grinding keeping you keeping the
dream cool I'm out of here
love you guys subscribe if you're new to
the channel and we
