you just want a million dollars already
gonna do that we're gonna go no we're
gonna go to Dubai Land Dubai lad my god
I'm so excited guys I came to Target for
just to come and I wasn't expecting this
and they had the new Big Shot out so as
I was getting ready to pay for my Sean
album the lady rings it up and it says
do not release or do not sell until 2:24
so the lady says unfortunately I can't
sell you this the manager comes takes
the CD goes and takes all the other ones
off the shelf and they give me $3 off my
next purchase I spent like $150 a month
at this motherfucker I'm so salty like I
don't even want to leave the parking lot
like I should protest who's down to
protest outside at argue with me let's
go make picket sides what if I wanted to
buy toilet paper and I really needed it
and then the lady tried to ring it up
and it said don't sell until tomorrow
what am i what am i a relationship guys
love-hate relationship love hate you
guys I hate you I can't open my window I
just wash my car one of people so that
was yesterday's vlog as you can see it
wasn't the best day in the world but
it's album release day and I'm here at
Target another one at the one I went to
yesterday to buy the actual album with
no problems and I've got mine
you feel me
all right let's get whatever see these
in here I think this is Drake yeah this
is Trey here we go
it's ain't coming out for a while now I
said I was actually gonna do a UH like
listening to it for the first time and
vlog myself but I actually listened to
it last night when I downloaded on my
phone for my tunes I was gonna be sorry
guys I couldn't help it I couldn't wait
go to the gym right now I already got
the album on my phone that's gonna be my
workout sound check today no back dude
that wasn't gonna stop cuz even in that
was infatuated just sitting at the top
whatup guys so I'm at the gym right now
giving myself a good one to get back in
shape
eating healthy not really dieting I'm
just trying to watch what I eat
so maybe dieting will start once I
trained my body cuz I get headaches when
I don't eat like fattening food and
stuff like that I don't know what's
wrong with me but let's see man it's all
one step at a time to process so let's
get it I guess I'm on the treadmill
right now getting some cardio that's
what my main goal is to get some cardio
and then blow up and act like I don't
know nobody yeah I just wanted to tell
you guys also I forgot to tell you that
this morning I woke up and I bought
tickets to the Jay cool and Big Sean and
yg was Jay Cole headlining in the Big
Shot like side headlining and I got it
for the Bay Area show at the shoreline
so I will be there you're gonna be there
say what's up to me I know it's months
from now but it's gonna be a fun show so
I will see you
there so I'm in the gym right now about
to shoot around that my new group shoes
Kobe pens is either discolor way or the
all-star one and I trade this colorway
shattered to the point so overall for
the people that were wondering about the
Kobe Tetons
I haven't plated them obviously I just
shot around but uh I think they were
really comfortable the front of the shoe
is really flexible the back of the shoe
was really stiff which makes sense
because of his Achilles injury just some
nerd sneaker talk for everyone that's
wondering Kobe tens I suggest those if
you like the price point of 180 but if
you're looking for something cheaper
mess with the kairi's I like the Kyrie 2
but the Kobe's are definitely more
cushioned and comfortable so yeah anyway
workout was amazing
took it light today because I'm kind of
sick and I was getting a little dizzy on
the treadmill but time to go home shower
up and then I'm like thinking about my
day right now as we speak but I really
want some fruit so I might just stop at
the Safeway real quick
I mean Albertsons I mean Lucky's get
some fruity stuff
oh oh oh so first thing I grab is my
favorite strawberries and I'm gonna look
around some more but I want to say that
I'm sorry I know up and it's lacking on
the vlogs but I'm just doing me right
now you know what I'm saying focus in on
the main channel and it's paying off man
100k came 2015
you know consistency so I apologize to
everyone that's disappointed that I
haven't been consistent with the vlogs
but I'm trying to you know what the days
that I'm active maybe I should get this
thing right here the days that I'm
active so hopefully I get back on the
grind for you guys I'm trying to stay
busy every day so this is definitely my
my snack for today so I'm gonna get
those anything the branch is actually
hits whatever I like myself or I don't
like yeah without blood I'm I was at the
gym hitting them fucking whites you know
what I'm saying I'm a douche bag all
crap I can I'm okay guys so I got
relaxed but anyway I'm gonna hear his
house right now cuz we're gonna film his
sleep peak that will be up today later
today on crew TV this channel one man
can change the world
so we're gonna fill parasitic PK we're
also going to practice our skit that
were performing this Saturday at UOP and
Stockton California so if you didn't
know performing in Stockton description
box for information and it's gonna be a
turn show man everybody's coming yg
Rahman or come in I'm not sure if my
hips come in Harris me swagger dust and
Ashley the whole crew will be in town
you know what I'm saying so my mom's
will be there should be dumping the crew
is like who's gonna get get it gonna
crack and we got a dope performance so
as of right now that's the only show we
have planned right now I'm in talks for
another show to let out of this country
but that's all I'm going to say right
now and uh yeah let's go see you Harris
what's up people about Harris's house
right now Harris is cleaning his room
you should have seen the before and
after but it's pretty nice right now let
me show you guys a quick preview of his
sneak peek ready that's it but it's up
gonna be up later today so uh you guys
off the way too long for that and he's
got a lot of new stuff since last time
like he really upgraded like last time
was all general release stuff like
stupid Jordans and things like that like
10 pairs of grapes and things like that
but now it's like it probably looks like
LeBrons house closet yeah right but yeah
pretty but uh yeah it's crazy where's
your Kobe section because there's too
much fire so we just came to Chicago
right now shoutout to the Bulls shoutout
to Kanye shoutout to the Red Sox are
they from Chicago Chicago red sock they
don't white socks white socks okay we're
in Chicago watching wrong Hawkgirl I
haven't had pizza in two weeks you know
what I'm saying and I'm getting really
tempted but I'm gonna wait until Friday
because Friday the whole crews gonna be
in town so that's what I'm gonna eat my
pizza
Hasani said he's coming to yeah
you'll get it cracking are you gonna do
some magic tricks on stage Saturday oh
yeah
look at this food people straight fire I
know this isn't the best meal to be
eating on a diet but a day it's a
parent's got them samplers a shot down
sampler sample and you know I don't
really know what I want I'd sample it
good looks like fish sticks
fish fish dicks big fish dick
confidence just got done eating
hashtag relatable that shit was Bob
shout out the airs for being me you know
you know we went to Chicago we didn't
have like authentic deep-dish pizza
where did we go eat fried chilies or
Friday's TGI Friday that was that was
really fun shout out to Chicago we were
there this year none of my business but
uh hopefully soon we trying to plan a
summer tour so it's kind of hard to plan
it tour yourself
usually to reading this it's too late if
you really list it silly
look at this freaking mess right here
man just got done filming just shots
cute thank you for coming check out my
collection episode will be up later
today or it's already up depending on
when you watch this so show us some love
show us some love um and show the
community love it's all on y'all y'all
show it love you gonna continue KU cakes
this is only season one my season is
gonna be a season of sneaker art Steve's
sneaker park to take art yeah that's
your boy right there in high school
gone that van Gogh dango that's me
Duncan right there you boy head up just
a 2k for right there Nike you guys he's
selling this 20 G's right now 20 G's
right here if you assess this on your
budget this is 10 G's that's pencils in
the park so that whole thing that theme
was pencils as you can see oh man hey
show this say he showed here growing up
I was a Kings fan number 15 wanted every
little boy and girl in the world to
order tech writer to have this I made
this out of clay as you can see inside a
little math that's really scary that's
really scary as you can see the coil Oh
back when Nelly and all them we're doing
their girl thing diamond in the eyes
which never work out oh man this is
probably the most scariest one so this
was made after Allen Arizona
but I'm gonna give that to him when we
met him oh my god man
cornrows you know I didn't I didn't do
my mind and do my I got the bleach like
me the blue streak cuts in the eyebrows
lips grill didn't really work out I was
running late to get this project
finalized so I didn't get to do ears I
just took a little clumps of clay and I
stood on their thumbs up for hair it's
his art day here we go a little change
thing at that original not the original
gent man that's original Jordan logo
hair someone didn't have Jordans in high
school you made a lot of Jordan things
that Jordan basketball although is a
huge fan bass I just couldn't afford the
shoes okay you know we need when you
become a big boy good job you make your
own money
oh this is from when Harris went to go
play cricket for Afghanistan yes first
place all team cricket yeah
oh my cream cheese nachos on a sneak
peak I want my first championship in
these ones damn those are authentic cuz
the air Imran Khan's damn PTI Shalit
Pakistan the grip on these especially on
the pitch
playing down cricket yeah man I'm gonna
watch y'all do not want to see me in
cricket oh come on man I'm about to call
you guys out come up so rumor is y'all
will be coming here on Saturday and
defenses they don't want to film you
sneak feet oh yeah so rumor is they
might be having some special guests
Saturday for the UOP show I've met yg I
challenge you to me in case challenge
you to to a cricket match so bring it on
I got my cricket bats in the garage so
you don't wanna you don't want you don't
want to see me damn it
if your Pakistani and you know how to
play cricket over the age of 18 and you
live in Northern California please
contact me
hi guys so as you guys know Sean's album
came out today and he had a like a
little concert in Detroit and super
unexpected but one of my followers DMD
me his name is Dima Shareef and he DM me
and he sent me this picture of him and
Sean from the concert Lucas that's him
with Sean right there wasn't dark sky
paradise dopest hail straight fire Big
Sean had a meet and greet tonight and I
mentioned you and I replied I was like
what no way dude that so dope appreciate
it really means a lot What did he say he
said he said he thinks he he says he
thinks he remembers so I told him to
check you out
it was dope waited in line for two hours
for the best minute of my life and I
said dude that so dope I'm happy for you
yeah when I met him he was such a humble
and cool guy and yeah so shout-out to
you
Thank You Man really means a lot to have
someone from the crew rep me to Big Sean
and just like like I don't even know
what to say so thank you a lot man I
really appreciate it you guys know I'm a
big sean fan I always say that I don't
mean to say Big Sean fan I mean to say
Big Big Sean fan so um
yeah I appreciate it and I actually I
can't wait to see him again in college
Shan Shan Shan becomes yeah if he
decided yet I shout to the whole Mima
appreciate it man I said I was gonna
promise I was gonna mention you in the
vlog so I got you dawg thank you
appreciate it you're going to Disney I
got you you just won a million dollars
what are you gonna do now we're going to
Disney World
what only championship you wanna oh you
want the championship what do you get
for cricket championship cricket what
are you gonna do next
we're gonna go we're gonna go to Dubai
Land Dubai Land okay there II hope you
guys enjoy this vlog try to stay warm
it's cold we got a cold
hope you guys like a sneak peek if
that's done it's gonna be in the comment
section or the description section book
shows block some love show the show
sneak peeks in love hope you guys enjoy
it
thumbs up for Q thumbs up for me thumbs
up for Crew TV thumbs up for the whole
crew though we're gonna put those up for
you guys show some love we love you
thank you guys for being on this journey
with us like Oscar Oscar acceptance
speech I would like to think anyway you
guys thanks hey how about me if you guys
need a spare tire he's got a pretty big
one give them one can you do wonder all
oh it's gonna be too loud damn this is a
just for y'all y'all gonna get like
50,000 likes right here go let's get it
there you go
that was heavier did you shart I think I
smell you shark
oh great music theory who can a miss on
to looking at the frame they don't see
my vision pictures always change but I
stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling what I'm doing but I'm
coming at it from a different angle this
is real life
you'll know what I feel like got a lot
of voices in my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one then those ain't laughs in
a while I'll talk to a wizard
