main goal is to blow up and then act
like oh no nobody what up guys welcome
to my youtube channel my second one
quick TV spinning around the room and
round round round warranty for the last
vlog I've posted the target 1 the
unedited one a lot of people complained
about the camera quality and about my
gum chewing now I'm not gonna talk about
my gum chewing unfortunately over the
past few months dust has accumulated
inside the lens which I can't clean
making the making the picture a little
blurry at times and unfocused because it
kind of focuses on the dust on the
inside and I tried to clean it nothing
worked but if you guys know any dope
blog cameras which with good audio and
good picture that's the most important
thing let me know comment down below
anyway we got a dope day ahead for you
guys we're filming today going to
Modesto to film with Harris and swagger
Diddy and Dustin and we're gonna be
filming this Sunday's video so
tomorrow's video actually because you
guys are going to be watching this on
Saturdays
tango is to blow up and then act like I
don't know nobody the price just ordered
a box of newspapers yep limited-edition
newspaper oh shoot oh if you can't fold
itself since Oh Dan don't do it this is
gonna make the noise and stuff
well no but people are gonna think about
that in the moment so this is the prop
that we're using for the video we have
five of them one for the intro finally
that's a pizza okay go so yeah these are
the props for the video that we're doing
tomorrow um I'm not gonna tell you guys
too much but you guys will see tomorrow
man honey Kay so we gonna have a good
day yeah I actually ordered this for
this stuff right here my hair's messed
up we're getting in position for filming
guys but this is the return it's much
anticipated after 5,000 requests ladies
and gentlemen
200 we Killa cam why y'all thought it
was gone huh all right so another quick
200 killer cam
are y'all oh I could have done that any
who's also one things first guys we
finally hit a hundred thousand
subscribers whoo thanks to you guys so
now this is the year of keopi we're
gonna take it up this year we're gonna
hit two hundred thousand two hundred
more shares more likes Facebook Twitter
everything MySpace you know I'm saying
don't say
some Renault say we trying to get yoked
out here hello ebike am body by BB body
by your mom and don't forget to always
believe in yourself guys you know I'm
saying swaggy Diddy
and he say that already alright so
believe in yourself believing your peers
let's mesh it up so I could do what you
got to say suck about it blessing
blessing going through the skies
blessings in disguise
never pass on a blessing that's like
passing on a freak funny story I well I
quit my job at a gym now I own my own
gym in my house I'm my own boss I was
depressed I lost my job that's called
blessing this guy's right there it's YK
DD computer alright we closing out I got
get to work
reverse deuces regular dishes reverse
deuces triple reverse deuces alright so
we're going to film right now guys so
super we honestly might get shot pretty
much we're in parenting bonds right now
Benjamin's Alegre Dean's gonna start a
fight in public and yeah one of us might
get shot me mostly me but it's okay
- honey k so we have to do it
so guys we were like almost at the
location we were gonna film at and my
dumb ass forgot the camera at Harris's
house and then we were just going to use
this vlog camera but then the places we
wanted to film at didn't work out so
we're gonna try Plan B hopefully it
works out and then if the plan B doesn't
work out we have to go to Plan C so
luckily we have four more bottles we've
only used one for the intro and yeah
awesome dams is a mess but up guys so
hairs have to go but we're here me swag
and our new whole meet everybody meet
Hanson Jacobsen
what's up y'all I told I said if one of
you guys where's the wig the whole time
we go eat at Chili's then I'll pay for
your food and Dustin was down to do it
so hey hello he's dead for some food but
anyway we're gonna watch the game and
eat and possibly very possibly get a 100
out of swag but I don't know he gave us
one earlier but it was kind of like a
collab with him and cam so it didn't
really count as an official 100 but
we'll see who can view and yeah so we
just said Chili's now we are going to
eat some food what did I name you Henson
and Cyn Jacobson hands update the food
let's get some brewskis and hang out the
bar bro we're gonna tell people that
he's wearing the wig because it's just
an initiation to get into our frat have
fun crew thank you sir so we didn't want
to wait for a table so we came to the
bar but we're not drinking we saw berry
lemonade the swag is drinking water on
ice that's gonna put strawberry lemon
jacobson jacobson on my bed hey Hanson
Henderson Hanson Hanson and Henderson
and there
Hanson Henderson Jacobsen give us a look
when a girl Texas you he text her back
and then she doesn't reply what hundred
face reactions would so I get any
that's number one I hate that guy man
what's his name the white boy yeah
Dellavedova and Oliver Dover Dellavedova
with the three he's got an ugly shot so
we just got done eating guys I didn't
show you the food but whatever
Jacobson still in the house Henson fact
that mr. Jacobson Jacobson give us a 100
win some lose some when I told you that
ten seconds he's feeling my stove
burning so hard right now so I give us a
100 let me talk about some real stuff
real quick
let me let me put it to perspective if
someone eats someone that doesn't mean I
have to hate them too why do y'all do
that it just doesn't comprehend in the
in the mind you hate someone I have to
hate them too you're trippin talk about
it
that was that was safe for them now
wasn't when I was wet Kanye said
something very similar to that this
morning on The Breakfast Club on The
Breakfast Club he said something very
similar they asked about his
relationship with MJC and with and Dame
Dash and he said just because you've got
a bad relationship with somebody doesn't
mean that I gotta have a bad
relationship with that person everybody
is their own person I'm saying you know
and that's what a lot of people don't
understand like for someone to say that
that means that they're selfish in their
own way
yeah you know I'm saying like hey I love
you and I know you
this is not good for coming I think want
Akane read what up guys so we decided to
do something that we rarely do which is
doing you know so we are on you now
right now chopping it up he's a shooting
guard on point guard like crisis
everything I'm all around baby I'm a
half court shooter you know what I'm
saying but we're doing to you now right
now so uh let me know what you guys
think you guys want me to do more live
shows there what because I rarely do I
wasn't gonna say Oh tell tell some of
these people too if you guys treat me
right now I'm gonna say your name in the
vlog so army like a vlog that lives
forever so tweet me if you guys want me
to mention your name in the vlog I'm
talking to them not you guys so you guys
don't have to tweet me
but let me go check my Twitter right now
let's see who is I mean shout-out to LX
foot let's see what her real name is
little X foot shouts a little X foot
okay and shoutout to Lakers lost okay I
just got that notification shout-out to
this person because she treated me like
50 million times today but thank you for
treating me that much I love you
Elia oh yeah how low one okay I hope I
said that right probably did input let
me see it's all about the people that to
date dream cruise unit region Tremont
okay let me see I was running from with
my world one unohana oh wow we got a lot
of tweets okay here we go I'm about to
say you guys his names in the vlogs
every one that did the hashtag dream
crew and sent that picture so I got a
retweet my grass man
I treat it as money know I love you girl
left 7169 I see you girls eyes I'd say
they underscore ell they'd underscore
ell I see you bra know you on that
YouTube grind - I see you rock doing a
subscribers I see you but we love all
y'all let me see you go super girl v 1l
super girl 5 1 o the homie I love you
girl that's hurt nobody know her yeah we
know her yeah she's squad and I she has
the best snaps honestly I love her staff
so I know you're watching this I love
your your family snap do you listen to
miss you also could find fresh blow cuts
that that's the homie he always treats
me fresh blow cuts he's the one that
sent me the early easy layin come
shout-out to him okay I think that's it
so die miss your name I'm sorry I just
tried to do the clip of that
oh we got some more hold on I got some
more for you cuff gang reppin cuff get
out to the cuff game link shout-out to
Omar from New York Omar from New York
shout-out to Omar for the chat armor far
far IDI I think I say your last name I
wrong
shoutout manal mention cheese walter
Balanchine I'm located in Fremont
California shout-out to its
nazzer shelter its nazzer horses and
damn I got 65 tweets bro 65 tweets right
now BAM I gonna go through this guy
sorry if I too many names
alright guys we had a good day today I
gotta go home and watch the footage to
see if I'm satisfied with it if not we
got a refilm tomorrow but I won't be
able to film with Harris and swag up but
we'll figure it's so just give you guys
a quick sneak peek of saris collection
nothing too much just these got added to
it not gonna show you all too much but
that's it you want to give him another
100 real quick - 101 vlog two girls one
cup
that was in the Ustream G oh you gave -
you get one like a half give them a
one-word one right now one word wine
yeah persistence Sam meaning big
save it for later anyway I just want to
tell you that this vlog is over we'll
see you tomorrow I'm bout to freestyle
and you know I got the flaws I was
flowing on Ustream if you saw it and you
got a good scene I got big dreams I got
Muhammad Ali anyway next Saturday we
gonna be performing at you LP if you
guys didn't know in Stockton and we're
gonna be turning up like it's gonna be a
crazy show like I got some crazy stuff
like look at strikes hold on look at
listen let's just take a minute to look
at swags 1980s Nintendo shelf with the
system and everything here - yeah it's
like 1999 82 am I saying but yeah man
Stockton next Sunday new video tomorrow
don't forget on the main channel and
yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
- make sure you guys shared the new
video tomorrow let's try to get this
thing going back to the viral lifestyle
you know what I'm saying so many laughs
words guys one love one love first those
thumbs up subscribe I shout - swags hat
wall he's China he once had to go down
he doesn't have enough guys I have a
good have a good day have a great
Saturday and we will see you tomorrow
I don't know how to end this so fuck
you
