I think Amaya bad boyfriend for not
getting it like I'm just gonna give up
right now hopefully she doesn't watch
this what up guys welcome to another
vlog welcome to another day today is
Wednesday feeling good today uploaded
two videos today on crew TV I spoil you
guys man but I love you guys so you
deserve to be spoiled anyway I'm at
Target I'm about to make history okay
cuz I'm gonna upload today's vlog is
gonna be my trip to target unedited so
you guys are gonna take a full trip just
argue with me I've never done this
before usually like edit stuff I cut out
the bullshit but he isn't gonna take a
full like Oh No 20 minute 30 minute trip
to target with me so you walk in there
right now
you got my fans on and they also songs
shots in New York City getting a car
right now so people are gonna look at me
weird I don't care this cart was ready
for me first things first
every time I come into target because of
Ashley she got me cleaning the cart so
target provides
these things so that we stay healthy and
I don't get people's germs on me so
that's a good thing and what's going on
right now I was gonna say oh yeah so um
as you guys know we hit a hundred K on
the main channel shout out to everyone
and the next step is that I'm gonna
release a video this Sunday because you
guys know our releases review every
Sunday but this week's is gonna be kind
of like honoring the 100k and it's an
idea that I had and I've been saving it
for this moment I call it that
mama moments keopi style but um it's
like the first video we ever made but
the remix version so that's just a hint
and we're gonna be filming it on Friday
in Modesto damn right I'm gonna hold it
cause people don't think I'm weird
talking to the caller
well filming your Friday in Modesto so
that should be dope and then I just
actually announced that QoP is
performing at UOP in Stockton California
on February 28th so if you're in the
Stockton area Modesto Tracy or the Bay
Area and you're down to drive you you
will be performing there me and swagga
Dustin Ashley Harris
so hi maybe some / OG QP members I don't
know if Czar's coming or anything but
and we got some special guests not gonna
say any names but they some brothers
that will be in the house so just wait
on that I'm looking at the soft always
look at the socks when I come here
nothing new though
I like down one but I don't know my SOG
game is kind of toned down my old sock
game used to be crazy but I turned it
down a notch and class oh it's gonna be
a dope show we redid our skit and we
added some stuff to it so should be cool
so make sure you guys come out to that
other than that other than that we are
working on putting together not putting
together but working on a few other
events that should be coming up soon too
and it's all in talks right now you know
people reaching out to me and we making
some business business accusations
that's not even the right word but
whatever what do you guys think about
these are like the dry-fit superhero
shirts I wish I had the body to wear
these but unfortunately I don't maybe
one day I just read my diet yeah I just
started my diet the other day so
hopefully that goes well I mean I kind
of missed New York even though the
weather was so cold I don't know how
people live there it's like sunny ever
since I came back but kind of missed it
this is actually favorite section right
here I don't know why you don't have no
babies but um I was gonna say something
how long is this vlog going on four
minutes okay four minutes this is good
for me I don't have to edit anything but
oh yeah that's what I was gonna say so
the main reason why I came to Target
today besides the fact that I come all
the time for no reason I actually have a
reason today
I left my some stuff in my hotel in New
York one of them being my adapter for my
GoPro memory card and then I left my
actual extra memory card for my vlog
camera and then I also left a little the
little thing that goes at the bottom of
your camera that attaches to my tripod
so I have to buy a brand new tripod or
else I can't film for you this week cuz
on top of the video that were filming
for the 100k celebration for Sunday
we're also filming another skit so yeah
man
I can't remember the last time I bought
like a video game that was in NBA 2k I
just I just have no interest in video
games unless they're NBA like I don't
even play mad and I used to hear this I
used to bet blind mad and everyday
everytime it would come out in August
but I stopped doing that sorry guys
oh these are pretty cool it is it's a
memory card flash drive how much
gigabytes
okay I love the reason why I love GoPros
is to they have so many dope accessories
and selfie sticks are so uh please stop
taking selfie stick pictures I hate them
do they just ask someone to take a
picture of you whatever what is this a
dog harness for the GoPro that's dope
I'm gonna go get a dog just so I can use
that I think you should only be able to
use a selfie stick it sick if you have a
GoPro oh this is a chest harness 40
bucks it's too much I can't even use
this crap because my memory card adapter
maybe they sell them dead separately but
where's the okay here's a tripod damn
these are expensive so it's either this
one the black the Black Label 360
I don't know about this oh shit
either
the black label work 66
camera camcorder tripod I wanted to be
black because black matches my camera
but whatever gets the job done
are you in school
i'ma get maybe get this one for now but
this is already open so maybe I can test
it out
oh and this one's small I like that I'm
sorry if this is boring guys I just
wanted to take you to target with me wow
this looks ways oh this is nice okay I'm
getting this one okay
this is dope guys though you lose the
grip by squeezing this it's like a gun
and you get all this is yeah this is a
cop right here and then this comes off
all right we got it we good to go
it was already open so I don't know if
they give an additional discount you
know my business written first kind of
prices coming but obviously it's put
it's a good use so when you hit 100,000
subscribers YouTube is supposed to email
you and they have an email me man so I'm
kind of scared
if I want my plaque by ASAP even though
it takes like two months
okay
so we got that 10 minute vlog so Fartman
there's gonna be the longest vlog I
don't know if they have the adapters
I'm looking at the memory cards um I
need this see this is what I left I left
just the adapter I have the memory card
I just need the adapter so um I don't
know if it but I wasn't gonna say oh
yeah I've been trying to contact the
hotel and they don't pick up my calls
man I should tell annoying so there they
the hotel like it's a big hotel they
don't pick up the call look what them
it's ridiculous man I talked to them I
got through the first day but it's been
four days now like who knows what they
happen to it since then and I called
them and they're like yeah we'll go
check calls back in 20 minutes I call 20
minutes later they don't pick up hell
annoying that all guys music Big Sean's
album comes out next week I already have
it pre-ordered on iTunes but I'm also
gonna buy the hard copy you guys know
I'm a big big big sean fan and slowly
and slowly songs are already leaking
from the album I think the whole thing
actually leaked already but I refuse to
download it cuz I want to wait till it
actually comes out so Big Sean man I
hope he follows me on Instagram or
Twitter or something I just a follow me
on Twitter but he's seen some of my
videos I know for a fact because his DJ
is hella cool such a humble guy DJ Moe
beats and he always replies to me and I
sent him some of my videos and yeah he
told me that he showed him to Sean so I
was pretty dope with him magazine
section I was gonna watch fifty Shades
of Grey but people giving it horrible
reviews so I'm gonna watch that as if I
read the book or something now
anyway are we going to the Easter
section this is the first time I ever
seen the Easter section for target
target 2015 let's see what they got here
I'm on a diet
so I can't really buy these candies and
stuff like that Oh chocolate oh this is
when Valentine's Day is over
you got to come over here and get candy
for Bay for next year 50% off but I
can't be messing with that target has
probably the best like themed sections
but the best themed sections which it
waffle when you check your phone and
nobody text you
okay yeah
but another thing that they always have
is their themed Pillsbury cake so where
is it this year I haven't seen it yet
maybe they don't have it in yet
Oh peeps peeps are hella good - I love
peeps oh my god oh my god ok they don't
have it nevermind
let me see what's going on snapchat guys
i'ma show you guys some snaps inside i
watch snaps oh I like Target shop
let's see so I snaps I'm like in the
middle of I fucking a move this thing
blows my hip snaps let's see my
documents guys be sure to check out the
new vlog we posted today filming people
in the bathroom YouTube will then watch
G check it out got some free promo right
now alright sighs okay let's go to just
go to their stories I'm gonna put all my
boys on right now let's go all right
let's see strikes Paulo swag
that's not his user name his user name
is what I don't even know his user name
is so I use her name is at swaggy Diddy
okay so follow him
let's see here it's a snapchat story
okay his typical K Ltd man bun Wednesday
okay Harris and his friend shirt Preet
so funny
Augie part two he's gonna get my things
flagged for copyright so I can't put
that music in here who else we got on
here
I'll show you my head's I don't think my
head wants me to show you here so
Dustin's our CEO doesn't my face is numb
I think your attention
great snapchats three have no that's
Giants gear harris's beta section that's
actually a tight shirt that's a dope-ass
giant shirt I would wear this even
though I don't mess with baseball but
how much disculpa weird is that
oh you got a large just like ten bucks
all seventeen motherfuckers got their
shoes tied together chunk charged
seventeen dollars for this I can make
tit yeah I'm not gonna kiss it
I'm not here it ain't hairs
I don't need any food actually asked me
to get her makeup wipes because all guys
come on come on
because I already got one at home we're
only getting one we're only getting one
today guys that's all the people that
tweeted me and sent me pictures of
themselves buying it y'all the real MVPs
but I'm not gonna say that anymore
because Katie doesn't like when people
say you the real MVP so I need to stop
saying that but French toast crunch I'll
put you all on just know that anyway I'm
in the home department don't know why
I'm in the home department we are in the
home department how long is this now 17
minutes now new this quick update we got
french toast crunch and we got a tripod
in the car so just know that
I'm a snapchat right now
sorry if I get boring and stuff I don't
anticipate in this lane currently at
Target by myself vlogging my entire
target stay
I read you that one like it currently
and target right now
vlogging my entire target visit unedited
for tomorrow's vlog a whole target trip
with you guys a whole target trip with
you guys early and target right now
that's ago takes me a couple times to do
my snaps every time guys so snap Jane
stop
snapchat game is not on fleek but follow
me on snapchat Q underscore season I
might change my name I don't know I feel
like that's kind of old all I gets Olaf
piggy bank I wanted to get this one but
they don't have the orange ninja turtle
and that's my favorite I'm not gonna get
okay so my camera automatically stopped
at 15 minutes - sings just texted me I
know you fucks with Big Sean I don't
know if you're gonna listen to leak or
wait but that shit is fire bruh bruh I
can't do it I have to wait
- sings man and suspect okay where are
we going now I have to go - I need man
forgot what I need man I'm mad ludis
he's gonna get all this old closet stuff
I love closet stuff oh this is Joe what
the fuck
look at this somebody come look at this
you can take this out how I can make
this to like a shoebox or something
where can I get this out cuz I know do I
have one of these lying it have one of
these when we do something with that my
camera is getting hella high I've never
logged this long at this thing all
probably comes with you okay I don't
need to be in here let's go straight to
the cosmedix Ashley needs makeup wipes
and she's not allowed to come to target
starting today she gave it up for her
Lynch Curtis girl ain't right
so from that one I'm gonna be a talk
about myself for 40 days means stressing
okay you gotta clean up my act here um
what else tell me where I knew you or I
need what do I win over a world where I
need I don't even know where to get
makeup wipes
where do I get make it one or do I get
equal rights I think I need to do be
alright but I'm not gonna get it today
because I have some left but just know
it's coming this is my favorite section
I probably spend at least $200 on these
a year or more if not and I'm an idiot
I should go to Costco and buy them but
I'm just so easy sometimes guys this is
the clutches to purchase I've ever made
our target if you're trying to clean
keep yourself clean this is the thing to
get it's only $9.99 trimmer for the
beard total clipper help for bird call
you know nail filer take care of
yourself you know keep yourself clean
okay
oops
you know makeup wipes look like has to
be somewhere in this subject
makeovers
don't know what obviously
okay I think I'm not gonna get it
I think I'm gonna be a bad boyfriend and
not get it this is just a bright section
look at this
I think am i a bad boyfriend for not
getting it like I'm just gonna give up
right now hopefully she doesn't watch
this okay I'm not getting it guys I
couldn't find it don't say I didn't try
I'll tell her to give me a picture next
time probably be back in like a day or
two but we getting french toast and the
tripod but I feel like there's something
else I need but get it next time but
let's go pan out
what number are we going to number we go
to number six let's go to number six
heart down as I check out and I ate it
up walking out now guys I'm feeling two
things but yeah man that was a first
time first time ever target full
unedited vlog hope you guys enjoyed it
since you know I'm a frequent target
shop where I wanted to take you target
shopping with me one full day one
unedited full time so you can see like
and hope you enjoyed it let me know what
you guys think of it click thumbs up for
sure because this is the longest walk
I've ever uploaded so please click the
thumbs up are you know trying if I don't
tell you guys to click thumbs up it gets
about five hundred to a thousand lights
if I tell you to click thumbs up you
guys get like two thousand three
thousand likes
y'all should do it regardless you know
I'm saying because it just shows the
lovin because I love you guys so I
should have to ask you that I don't ask
you guys that much only once a while I
ask you guys so yeah man just
there and yeah
let's put my things away watch no hands
put your foot open up
right hello junk back here put my things
back eNOS it up go put the card away I'm
a good citizen I'm a good car your
chopper I like to put my things away
make the employees job a little easier
don't be a jerk my receipt
they don't have bags in California you
have to pay for that I didn't get it
back anyway guys thanks for watching
thumbs up love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow with another vlog Jesus looking
at the frame they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal same feeling
what I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
