what's up TV family welcome to episode 3
of crude kings continuing on from last
week's episode we're gonna check out the
rest of my boy JP sneaker collection the
second half of JB's collection consists
of some dope Jordans new and old some
Manny Pacquiao autographed sneakers and
some other dog ticks let's check it out
so I'm gonna show you guys the shoes
that really got me into the sneaker come
I think first pair that brought me into
the game when I was in high school black
and red 11 2001 I woke up at like 4:00
in the morning with my younger brother
Jeremiah and we went out 15 people in
line waited til they open got my parent
left were these like crazy these are
actually a newer pair I I be playing on
the window but I was able to find a 2007
solo supremacy you're gonna hear me
saying that a lot the pair that just
came out from I think he's about 2012
and you can just tell her it off the bat
that quality was way better before way
way better before you can just tell
these look more plush the form of the
hue was way better the jump man was
always facing the toe they just recently
switched it to where the jump man is now
facing the facts on the lefties I wear
these all the time you can just tell
once again the the form of the shoe I
like to shoot kind of dirty I like the
yellow look a lot of people don't
they're like I'm clear these are still
dead stuff but the
oh yeah you can just tell the difference
the pan leather cut is way much higher
and just to age you know the age of the
hue gives it character Coe grace mm got
these from one of my boys he was selling
his pair and I picked them up from you
good grades that came out a lot better
the form looked in near the same of the
shoe everything looks almost the same I
think they did a really good job on
these once again the yellow haven't even
worn yet see yellow
so these was a nice space chance
these ones I got from soul supremacy
dead stock I probably will never wear
these I'll probably just keep these in
the case the most recently released they
actually did a pretty good job on this
dude the form is off a little bit but I
can go Jordan Brand Classic one these
are one of my favorite shoes to wear our
rarity little time had to pay board and
retail on this says these only came out
in New York another one Royals got these
for retail thank God had Sheik won the
raffle
yeah got these at retail but these are
really nice these positive shouldn't let
a commotion last year when they came out
I'll be able to catch a pair of soul
couldn't a reach now had to pay more
than retail I'm sorry but the nike air
hit it always is a good thing shadows
where I'm like crazy couldn't bodies
when they came out of that retail when
they first came out my girl was in Vegas
this is the first time I've actually
asked her to go buy a pair of shoes
lacuna thank you for going to Nike town
and waiting in line but a bunch of
people in buying these shoes for me you
didn't want to do it but I asked to do
what she did it for me
these are not nice gear ones these are
actually the ones of the gentlemen but I
don't care
Chicago's at the high I wanted to come
out with a warrior color whereas a buddy
it's crazy
these are one of my favorites I wear
these to warrior games last pair of my
one black toes love these or do you see
yesterday actually they're kind of dirty
clean up nice Mountain I'd love the
concept on these these were one of the
my favorite shoes to release night here
I always clean my shoes and after a
twirl and I have to kind of train myself
not to clean me because you're really
not supposed to so the you know the
quality can come off but I clean the
bottom at least keep the bottom clean I
got the into 88 within Nike Air you know
you put nike air on a shoe everybody has
to have if I had to take extra for these
but it's all good
blacks and that's where these two not
into Jordans as much anymore just can't
do it anymore with a bunch of to shoot
all the colors coming out all the
craziness to try and buy a shoe I don't
know how to make a bot I'm kind of crazy
into flying itself I have a crapload of
planets
Red Planet racers like a white liner
race it real comfortable were these
anywhere basically just don't wear them
in the rain trainer they're always nice
these are the orange line of trainers
love these shoes all the old ones I try
to get wife buying it for some reason to
call these a Kanye West - I don't know
why probably because he was wearing it
but uh I guess that's what drove the
price up on these because you can't find
these at a good price anywhere he's got
a very personal to cut my IDs
what they gave all the athletes during
the 2012 Olympics so they were wearing
these so after all the new colorways
that come out these are probably the
favorites of mine multicolor climates
boat races listen these were the hardest
freakin shoes I didn't get I don't
understand why it has to be the multi
color flying it option you can tell why
they garner so much attention just look
at that I mean yeah that's beautiful I
tried to mirror it as close as I can to
the masterpiece tobey's and these are
the holy puppies that I have kind of
changed it up I went with a glow a glow
swoosh glow on the tongue you know when
Ross bones first came out I loved them
and then Nike started to think that they
can just make a bunch of pretty color
way that they want they basically killed
the restaurant to me but when they made
the Pendelton
option I definitely had to make one kept
myself the one that LeBron to my person
what does at first I thought they were
gonna be hella hard to get because you
know they first came out overseas but
then they mass-produced them and release
them in the States wasn't able to get it
online because once again I don't have a
bot but I was able to get one up get it
off the money friends yeah I got 86 86
ur one's the best Katie to come out next
to the pores in my opinion I wore these
all day and Disneyland
one day from opening to closing and my
feet do not hurt so that is also good
he set the bread I would have preferred
the all-black but I don't mind being
there I will eventually wear these last
but not least I'm a pack mule fan when
19 signed with Pacquiao came up with a
bunch of stuff the first three pairs of
shoes that they came out with was
actually really good after that kind of
dipped in designed quality for me so the
first one that came out were these
trainers they like the trainer ones a
Niner colorway which I like but these
came out right after he beat de la hoya
and i he released 200 pairs or they made
200 pairs so they say a hundred of it
100 pairs went to Pacquiao and 100 pairs
went to retail these actually came out
when the easies came out them the blinks
the easy ones so getting these at Nike
town San Francisco was done got these
from Seoul and then after he destroyed
De La Hoya and he went on to destroyed
Hatton and when he messed up hat and
these ones came out there the lights out
Pacquiao trainers he's actually grill in
the dark one of my favorite pairs of
Pacquiao's as well but he knocked them
out 259 of the second round on five two
oh nine so it's crazy when you think
about it I was able to go down to LA
when he was fighting he was training for
Bradley one where he lost he lost and to
get these signed by him so basically how
it works is that you go down to a wild
card and you basically wait for him to
come and train so he pulls up in his
Ferrari everybody's rushing his door I
was just chilling in line with everybody
else basically and after he went up the
Train is crazy I got there like at 11
o'clock he trained from 11:30 to like
5:30 so I was just sitting there for
about like five hours six hours just
chilling we just stood there while
everybody else rushed him as he came
down the stairs
so stay true to the word he got a sign
son by Pacquiao so these are like my
Grail shoes right here he's not when
Nike anymore they didn't renew his
contract unfortunately but uh maybe when
he gets this new whether fide they will
they can just promote him like crazy he
still wears all this stuff I was able to
get a really good deal from Scholl and
either actually the most expensive shoes
I'll probably own easy to to be exact
definitely issue that I wear out they
always turned heads because these blow
really hard during the day alright so
that's my collection guys thank you for
taking time let's look at it and shut
out the crew kicks if you want follow me
on instagram using a JPA 23 that's
jayp86 me out on the daily
