well doesn't said someone someone has
yams was that that means I think someone
brought food in what up guys so I came
to a falafel corner to get some
pepperoni pizza this is 100% pork it's
just kidding it's beef I'm watching TV
great why I'm here alone guys
how many friends hit up all my friends
but I'm actually sitting here by myself
so can you move excuse me this is more
this is cork core oh it's it's the bacon
prank part to you so salty about the
bacon pretty good yeah everyone's like
my whole family is like oh they really
yeah you know I kill people like Jamie
texted me he's like bro you know you
know I got support for you but please
please fam stop texting so I mean stop
stop pranking so I get did he please
he's gonna he's gonna die one of these
things from reappraise bro who should
comment below should I stop pranking me
okay I do for them bro they want to see
you go crazy it's none of my business
but
what's to the point though to where they
expected now so now I gotta go for other
beautiful like I can't go for you in
Harris hair just a little more gullible
you you you that didn't feel like you to
100 so it's hard to you they say that
the mind is a beautiful thing it's all I
gotta say about that 100 that's a mini
100 but anyway yeah I don't think I'm
gonna get swag for a while now so you're
good thank God but I've got some other
people I got my eye on that I haven't
prayed so just wait on it anyway we're
going in right now just Shaun so I just
showed up to my door he was like hey bro
would you like to buy some Girl Scout
cookies I was like yeah let's go get
some good falafel quarters Chad I told
the bitches up the club bus let me
alright guys so look at my cart it's
turned into a junkyard of krabby patty
Valentine's Day editions Valentines not
valance Valentimes
it's Valentine's right Valentine's
Valentine it's Valentine's that's what
you kept making fun of yesterday because
I kept calling it Valentines what 100 do
you give to one of these viewers that
could you be a potential wife you know
one day one of these girls might be in
love with you and they want to know how
you gonna take care of them so what are
you gonna
mr. Duane off one time let's see Wayne
shut the fuck I don't know that's not a
very good question guys
well with women in general you got to
treat them to the highest peak kind of
like a mountain but for me I'm gonna
treat him like a queen a real queen as
long as I get treated like a king though
what's up guys so it is actually the
next day from yesterday because I'm
combining two days in one you guys know
I do that sometimes so chunk catch up on
the vlog to be day to day whatever
anyway I'm hungry now it's like 3:30
finally getting out of the house I hate
just staying in the house all day
sometimes you got to do that when it
comes to the YouTube life cuz you
spending so much time editing and
promoting and things like that and start
my diet guys I'm not gonna start in a
super strict but I'm gonna take it
low-key and get a salad with the little
panini that's what I'm gonna go with
today I want to check the peel box also
I want to I gotta drop off to shoes that
people bought off with dream crew calm
yeah man if you guys don't know I got a
few shoes on dream crew calm so check
that out too on top of that we got the
shirts and we're working on some new
shirts too so I'm actually about to text
my connect for the new shirts yeah or me
so let's go do that and we'll see what
the day brings for me okay we got
ourselves a little package so shout out
to Michelle about to open this up real
quick you guys are amazing man this I
already know what it says but I'm not
gonna say it it's like unfolded but this
is crazy V it says crew
season like this is so dope I'm gonna
hang this in my bet in my in my room I
think I might hang this on my sneaker
collection this is so dope thank you I
love it thank you so much for sure
that's gonna go to my wall when the time
is right when I have enough pieces I'm
gonna put all the stuff that you guys
send me in one little section of my room
okay it's time to go you guys okay so my
whole vibe just went down the toilet
sucks man I just got an email that
really crapped me out I'm not gonna talk
about it because it's more about
business and things like that and I'm
not one to really put people out there
on blast and things like that so I'm not
gonna mention this company name but it
just sucks if you're doing business with
someone and someone you know you got to
keep contact with them that's all I'm
gonna say so whatever man it's always
about power of balloons you can't rely
on anybody never rely on anyone and do
everything you got to do anything you're
home and I spend most of my time on
YouTube before you know waiting for
things to happen waiting for things to
pop off and then probably the last two
three years when I realized you know you
gotta go out and get it yourself you
can't rely on anybody so oh yeah that
sucks man but whatever my way out here
pushing power was only pwuo you know
what it is what if we go small ways we
have to argue right now getting some
things made a cabinet bang why are you
always in the baby section what you
trying to tell me nothing what are you
doing you registering now flick it over
here look at these happy people oh my
god you're having okay you're putting
some Rachel information in there we
don't hello Marvin it's not Marvin hey
why is that guy breaking his neck
looking at me like I'm retarded cuz I
have the camera like it's so annoying
because anyway about to do a review on
this part right here everybody what up
guys Paris is in the house Dustin was in
the house so guys some stuff that people
want to know when's the next night peak
for hair is coming it's been over a year
you know I just wait on it we're gonna
project it about less than a month
episode 4 of crew kicks guys episode 3
or 4 we haven't decided but it's gonna
be three or four three or four three is
like it's odd but like four is like
there's no no it's not three it's
Episode four or five my bad cuz I
already have two and three set episode
two has already been aired for you guys
so three is another
episode 4 or 5 so it all depends
yeah it's probably gonna be one of the
best I'm gonna throw it out there right
now yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna have a I'm
gonna have a nice little setup ready for
everyone okay
very little knick knacks paddywhacks
give a dog a bone
what are you doing we're about to sell
some shoes getting on the shoe game you
know you're setting up you sneaky life
so we hit the mall right now wasting
time because I don't know Harris got us
go he came you know we chillin listen
what's a Tuesday I was born of Tuesday
so this is the worst mall in the world
in new park mall it's every store here
is like hat like every other stores
clothes like there's that there's every
city has that good mall and then they
have that new park mall which is a
except Modesto you only have one mall
oh that's a good dad look best boy this
was the best mall it's cracking there's
like a big garbage bag over this door
that used to be back I like they can't
even keep half these stores open yeah
don't even work yeah people don't even
worry it's not even worth it to show up
to work
anybody smell just like get a big
wrecking ball and just knock down this
whole mall and just rebuild some
apartments or something this is
you know you're gonna get a mall when
you got Michael Kors in the video game
winning machine whatever the freaking
man another closed down store guys look
at that come on fuckers got a shoes tied
together as you can see swags not in our
presence don't know where he's at
swag where's swag hashtag relation
Burnie
yeah honestly don't know what do you
guys gonna do now let's go back to the
crib and to film that thing yeah alright
let's go back to the crib yo you guys
want to get some food first how you want
to go
food before after shooting there's
probably do it after are so we can get
hella hung be yeah
but Bay's down to make a video so we
just got done filming our discussion
right now sessions over here taking his
team photos mr. Mott so far mr. Botsford
adjusted and the 25th pick in the 2015
draft from the NBA the Oakland troll
boys come the Oakland Raiders select
dusted pontiff our Dustin please come on
stage over here mr. Mott smart mr. Omar
mr. Wilmarth is it true about the
allegations you'll be riding the bench
is mu naught Z bosses shadowed Bautista
what up guys so we're at which which
right now Common Era
which one which with this which did you
get I got the rich week
look up it's a medium that's what she
said you're sure yeah oh this is a five
pillars edition which which make sure
you copy
that's what she said I told you large
medium fall
what was the joke you said earlier um
about dicks
oh this is the biggest dicks I've ever
seen
Dick's Sporting Goods and equipment
anyway guys we just say what do you
think which was good I want you to a
plus plus plus plus ya see mi not the
best and recommending great products
probably one of the best places you
brought me to really hands down in that
area
besides habit but 500
ok guys rather like the sample factory
here I'm just kidding
anyway um Rock booting here well doesn't
said someone someone has yams what is
that that means I think someone brought
food just probably just having some fun
right now before Harris has to leave
back home and I don't know this man
right here I really like the outfit um
how realistic like Madame Tussaud Oh
Madame Salzman
madam to saw Madame Tussaud madam - so -
so
oh she sews and I never seen him before
you know they come on okay coach mmm
there's not even a football helmet bro
and it's lacrosse
that's it over you it's like the world
series of everything right yeah me and
my natural habitat
let's see if Harris has a hidden talent
of working two balls at once okay
I thought you even know how to handle
two balls always keep your hands up even
you know mr. Omar this will be double
bloody if it goes double birdie for mr.
Omar okay Sweden go over par on this one
ladies and gentlemen and he nails it
looking at right now it's kind of doing
what they called the twerking yes okay
that's going it was looks like he's not
sure what's he's not sure what golfing
really is or putting Jim we don't matter
some would say that was a bad shot you
know we were barely laughing the hole
okay we've got actually Harris gear his
background is of one of the top golfers
back in Pakistan his mother was actually
professional bowler she was good at
throwing the bowling ball so he's good
at hunting the golf ball
and he hits it are we gonna get a nice
little shot here and OH in and out like
his favorite food Oh close but no cigar
oh here we go
sorry people's um about to call it a
night you know sign o'clock are gonna
clean up this mess is here and I got to
build the table for the TV so that
should be an interesting thing but I'm
not gonna vlog that because it's pretty
boring and my main goal is to blow up
and act like I don't know nobody yeah
guys thank you guys for watching another
vlog hope you guys enjoyed it yeah
pretty much it love you guys thank you
for watching and we'll see you tomorrow
