what's up crew TV family welcome to
episode 2 of crew cakes and today for
episode 2 we're going to be doing
something a little bit different for the
first time ever we're not going to be
looking at somebody's collection that's
in the crew we're looking at my good
friend Jay peace collection and he's got
some crazy stuff
JD's collection consists of a crazy
Stefan curved collection from Nikes to
Under Armour's to unreleased samples and
player exclusives so it's a pretty dope
collection and he's also got some other
things in there too but that's not all
we have for this episode for episode two
we're going to do the first ever sneak
of discussion we're going to talk about
a few things like the all-star sneakers
that Nike is releasing this weekend and
the well very anticipated easy boosts
but before we get to that let's go ahead
and check out JB's collection my name is
JP from Union City California
so I started cooking curry sneakers I
would say about three years ago you know
being a hometown guy it's going to say
warriors fan you know Steph has been
killing it in the league so I started
collecting it early and it just picked
up ever since all right so we're going
to start from our curry collection here
I will start on this table this is the
first pair these are hyperjump 2010 you
know it's crazy when I when I think
about these shoes I hate to say it but I
think about when he was laying on the
ground after he rolled his ankle
another curry PE here when Nike did
these are the Air Max flight 11 I
actually got him at the mushroom rec for
the low load but SC 30 when he moved to
Under Armor they just start from Innova
telecare EP so I'm the first one that
came out wearing them his own PE he's
where when he to commemorate when he
scored 54 at Madison Square Garden he
went off on the Knicks these are crazy
Dee's just dropped no release date they
just showed up at a champs
in San Francisco these are the last to
come out blue splash colorway curry
awardees up until the end of the regular
season
so that response came out the clutch fit
drives were next when curry played for
Team USA they came out with these home
in away us a call away so these are
really nice I really like these the home
and away pair so he wear these for home
games these for away games really
comfortable and if you haven't gotten a
pair of clutch fish you should micro G
on them is really nice these are d blue
gradient these were actually an East Bay
exclusive once again with the sec redid
our so here's a second table of these
loaded dealies hyper posit PE so these
are a size 15 so DV wears a size 15
Golden State colorway would you trade
him right now if you were the warrior
zone you got dream on I mean you think
about it he's a double-double machine
these were one of the first peas I
picked up found him on Facebook came to
a price at first he wanted something
really high I said no I'm good
he came back to me with a more than
reasonable price has to say so I ended
up buying it from him he had a bunch of
other PE that he was trying to get rid
of whatever expensive
this will cut my eyes this is a favorite
pair and it's this last pair before he
moved under armour these right here I
actually picked these up off guy on eBay
this is the away also known as the
reveal right there he's writing his own
story when she basically is he's killing
the league right now here we go Hickory
ones this is a special box that we gave
where testers and everybody that
attended video even last week his peas
are actually a white u8 so I was
thinking about maybe when I get my pair
of my painted white just to make it
match because I'm I kind of like the
light I kind of like the light branding
that's the the one she already wore had
the white on there or when they played
the Cavs had the white on it I believe
it was it probably it was probably to
show the logo because I mean if you look
at it from a part you can barely see it
yeah and then this is the home colorway
the curry ones real crazy story on this
one underscore and BP on Instagram he is
one of the brand marketers would you a
posted a pic of a pair of like choosing
just keeps in his trunk it suits you
and I saw a pair when a Curry's to use
the clutch fit Daddy war back in
playoffs
and I just commented houses like Amen I
need to instil in those shoes he
responded back told me he would send me
some stuff and to be honest we got that
so send me a shirt I don't know what the
hell you gonna send me but man she sent
me some nice pair so this is the home
colorway of the curry one these come out
on the 13th this is kind of going to be
like rail status
this was another PE I was sent these are
the birthday Pease you guys probably
seen this on a Curry's feet on his
birthday last year I mean there's a
sample fair not for resale I was
speechless but I still don't even know
what to say shoutout nd Pina Nick man
you're unbelievable
I don't I don't know what to say so this
game is ready are you need your parents
so now y'all see my little card
collection here I'm gonna go ahead and
now show you what I started with Nike
Jordan this is what really got me into
sneaker collecting so I will show you
that
man that was some pure fire now if you
guys want to watch part 2 of JP's
collection the rest of his stuff not
just his curry stuff he's got some great
stuff make sure you guys click that
thumbs up from you one time let's try to
get at least 3000 thumbs up for JP and
next week on episode 3 we will be
looking at the rest of your stuff but
now it's time to discuss the world of
sneakers and we're going to be talking
about a few topics and I actually got
some special guests for you guys Harris
and Dustin thank you guys for being a
guest on crew thank you for having us
episode 2 nice to meet everybody please
show a warm welcome to the gentlemen of
crew TV dear parents and guests thank
you thank well thank you guys for coming
out today you know honor to have you
guys here
you're giving me a vibe here we have a
you have a connection
however yeah that's ever let's keep that
for all let's say like I said lunch like
a left and right shoe type of thing yeah
absolutely where I'm feeling with Dustin
is like to ride shoes with you it's like
a right now left yeah anyway let's get
back to it before we get caught up us
keep it professional some may say that's
the perfect pair yeah anyway so we're
going to discuss a few topics about the
sneaker the things going on in a sneaker
world some things that are coming out
this weekend let's start things off
first things first with the Nike
all-star collection mainly the Kobe's
the LeBrons the KDS and a newly released
kairi's so first things first here is
what's your opinion on the collection
overall to be honest personally for me
I'm not really too excited about this
collection I feel like they had a lot of
open space Bush with the grain black and
white that they could have you know
didn't done a lot more stuff especially
if you're looking back at the other
all-star game you have the most
Louisiana was the gumbo yeah you had a
big bang area 72 all that kind of stuff
I won't be copying anything because I'm
rarely too excited about it I hope I'm
wrong
no bronze for me Dustin okay if you had
to pick one of the shoes out of the
collection
which when you cut and are you going to
cop anything um most likely I will get
the CODIS to be honest I like the codes
and I don't something about that green
and orange yeah that makes yes kind of
Hermes Pepe is so you get a spell
popping or no yeah I'm eventually left
by the parachute if you could choose the
theme for this year's all-stars
collection what would you make it you
guys want me to go first since you guys
yeah it was an idea okay so I knew I
knew what I was going to say with this
because this is what I want to do
actually with my LeBron IDs of the whole
star that I plan on doing the years 2015
I think that the theme of the whole
Oscar collection should have been Air
Mags I think they should have that would
have been a great all-star collection
aromatic theme Kobe Air Mag in Kyrie Air
Mag theme kg and here my team LeBron and
on top of that they should have just
released the air mags even though
they're gonna do it later this year but
I thought it would have been a great
idea to release it but I would've been
crazy and I think it would have outdone
the easy even though the easies are like
the topic of this week and I think that
would have competed straight up with
that so for me I like architecture so I
probably would like to see some may be
building designs on the shoes if not the
subway system that will read and blow
yelled Eliza if they would incorporate
that into the upper of at the bottom
bottom of the shoes a beautiful that
will fading I would agree with you more
little Brooklyn theme broken fridge that
Woodman's yeah I think one on you she's
your card stay yeah guys I just got your
liberating yeah over the whole
collection that would be okay lately
everybody's coming out anyway to attend
so that would have been a good idea
that's our opinion on the all-star shoes
let us know what you guys think if you
guys plan on copying NBA all-star cakes
so this one comment down below okay our
second topic that we're going to talk
about is a new signature athletes
there's a lot of new models that came
out just kind of away from the all-star
weekend thing but there's a lot of them
that are getting their own all-star shoe
one of them obviously Steph Curry that
you guys saw in the sneak peek so out of
all the signature athletes Steph Curry
Damian Lillard
John Wall just got his new shoe who else
I feel like I'm missing hi Ritu kind of
a there we go out of those four who do
you think has the best signature and who
do you think
the signature just two simple questions
I'm gonna go to Damian Lillard I really
like what I do deal with that one I
think is pretty groundbreaking so who
would you say is a would you like to see
what issue you know what if clay
wouldn't stay with Nike I would love to
see a Nike shoe right no I don't think
but if I would answer please in the
all-star game so I'm gonna quickly it's
not official yet I don't know if you saw
oh yes it might be by the time this is
island update retirees oh yeah because
you hoped in the right hoping the
carries a really comfortable shoe I
really like it they're mine wore the Hat
refused 2011 all-time favorite
basketball shoe but um I will go to
carries and one player I want to see
with the signature shoe I would like to
see Anthony Davis with his own shoe all
that would probably happen I want to see
that Anthony Davis that posit should be
his own shoes no brow oh I want to see
that I'll be sitting there swear she
should be called the brow big brown the
brows oh yeah that would be my first
have like one bushy least everything for
me I say the best shoe right now is the
one that I it playing it to the
kairi's I'm really interested to I saw
the Curry's to obviously but the Curry's
for me is I just need to plain once I
clean then I'll know which one I like
more because I really love playing into
kairi's as far as who I want to have
their own shoe you guys don't think I'm
retarded but I gotta go with swaggy P I
think you have a crazy shoe like some
easy type yeah I don't know he's like he
has that mentality to design he probably
uh I think it is benefit to have
off-court shoe yeah I'll be tight at
least give him like his own like PE like
a signet diapered up PE or something
else wear something
alright but what he's yeah he's trying
to get into that Jordan Jordan contract
he's not trying to mess with Nike thing
right now
alright let's get to our final topic and
probably the best topic is the adidas
collaboration with mr. Kanye West writer
and of that guy enemies the easy adidas
Yeezy boost 750 750
pictures Lee some may say that's how
many
and can crash you suffer anyway
oh the most out of paper that she was
probably one maybe plus tax
what is yeah I can't beat that much
you're not going to find good Ibiza town
that knows it like we did yeah exactly
that's why I don't wanna feel highs but
I mean if I had the chance to get it I
would get it if y'all got EP for us to
do this but now if I had a chance to get
about a bottle there's a few things I
really like about to shoot the bottom
with the boost I thought that's a really
cool thing has an inner boost on the
inside the strap was another great thing
just really simple 3d the three straps
on the inside of the strap no easy name
no easy boosts nothing on there me
personally I think I already like shook
but I coughed probably not I'm not
really the type of guy to probably wear
something like that if you could copy
for retail you would cut if I can come
from eat I would what I possibly wearing
I don't know
family party or something something nice
for a guy like me if I were a little
look like uggs but I don't know about
that but well even I don't live in
California you know where legs out here
I feel like kind of took like straight
like control over everything else going
on with it my opinion other shooters I
really like this you guys know I'm a big
Kanye fan so I'm going to mess with
anything that he releases the design is
great I think with his shoes a lot of
people were disappointed in this but you
got to understand that as he grows his
style changes just like every one of us
it's like we're not wearing baggy
clothes anymore were wearing skinny
jeans so as he his he gets older his
style changes his style comes more grown
the shoes are going to become more grown
he's not gonna release a street wear
shoe like the easy to or the easy one
that's crazy like that you got to look
at the shoes from a high-fashion end
type of view so the shoot to me I
compared like I told you is like a
Balenciaga or something like that you
got that brown box that kind of looks
like a Louis Vuitton box so to me I'm
also getting into that style to where
I'm starting to like a more fashionable
like cole Haans and Balenciaga and
things like that rather than just like
Nike basketball every single day but you
got to get to that level when you get
older so to me when I saw the design I
loved it because it it's it's just a
really nice shoe you could dress it up
dress it down there's five different
ways to wear it which I'm really
interested in checking out and I love it
I'd love to shoe itself and the next
question I was gonna ask you guys is do
you think like you should be scared yeah
I think do you think people are gonna
stop going Nikes because Ponyo no no no
no thanks Kanye he's he's a rapper he
has a lot of influence through music and
stuff I don't think it's going to hurt
them at all I'm really happy that adidas
is back into the market when you get a
Nike product let's say your pain you
paid 200 people paying 250 retail for
the easies what kind of box did it come
in I mean I get it I'm Tyler's net
regular Nike Bob when you get a Nike
product let's say you're paying you paid
200 people pay 250 retail for the easy
what kind of box did it come in I mean I
did I'm going at regular Nike Bob then
no special bag or came in too special
but that doesn't mean lose no strength
okay I want to be taking care of it as a
consumer and this is this is where night
Kanye's kind of brainwashed me and you
could call this a height piece or
whatever but I feel like if I'm
supporting a brand and spending so much
money on it I should be spending money
on a brand that wants their consumers to
be able to get their shoes or once their
consumers to to uh you know they care
about them I feel like Nike doesn't give
a damn about us that's why they released
so many shoes and they make it so
limited and they know people are getting
shot over Jordans everywhere
Taron the elevons come out they know
about all that stuff they know that
they're throwing these custom shoes
within regular boxes and messing up on
orders and making the Nike ID prints
fall off and just get loose things blue
stands and all $300 for a custom shoe
like the one I wore today my LeBron ten
leaves when I first got those open about
so excited glue stains everywhere and if
adidas is going to show that they care
about their customers by already taking
care of no box by releasing an app
before a hyped up shooting came out so
that's why I think that two years ago if
you would ask me if I was going to buy
some adidas I would have been like no
way I'm a Nike guy but slowly and slowly
I'm starting to realize that Nike
doesn't give a damn about us they'll
release anything and they know people
are gonna buy it
so would I ever stop buying Nikes
probably not but I'm slowly starting to
rethink everything that I'm buying
because I'm thinking is it something
that I want in my collection later or is
it something that's worth getting or is
it even something that Nike cares about
me having so I don't know I feel like
that might even get my money's worth
hotel then this is a really good point
that I just realized last night when he
told me was that I think one of the
reasons why a Nike makes a shoe so limit
is like Red October or a regular easy or
air bag is because they'll release it in
that colorway and then what they'll do
is that it's so limited that you'll want
that shoe another shoe in that colorway
just because you can't get the real one
you really want like a like I'm gonna
make it air Michael Brown because I
can't get the real air bag so they know
what they're doing as far as that I
never really thought about that until
you said it yesterday
you know what do they do they give you
that option on my candy yeah so you know
it's 150 bucks more 30 bucks yeah it's
time for a change
so ID Easy's let's do it I did this all
the way I did well that's it for episode
2 of fruitcakes thank you guys all for
watching make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and again for JP's part 2 of
his collection click that thumbs up it
will be next week on episode 3 what do
you guys think comment down below what's
your favorite sneaker that's releasing
this weekend what are you guys trying to
get and what are your opinions most
importantly on the you
adidas that are coming out so yeah we'll
see you guys next week and remember we
wear our sneakers ma'am because
employees slowly gonna wear shoes though
see you guys next to your seniors
