dreams and goals and things like that so
when you're able to support people to
support you as some blessing and it's
amazing what's up people's it's freaking
like 10:00 a.m. right now we got to go
get some breakfast before we start
filming it's 9:00 so we about to go film
at UCLA in Venice Beach but I've made
the weatherman claims it's gonna rain
what are your predictions young sir 50%
chance I'm hoping on that 50 that it
doesn't you gotta pray hashtag pray for
QoP video shoot better go eat first
I thought it was my friend
let's just every hairs keep us cheap
you're like doesn't approve do
this equality was hosted in the shower
way up I'm feeling blessed right now we
got this food take you baby
my food is not here they don't love you
no more life is beautiful I just found
out that my birthday is the same day
that I was born
but I guys just got the Venice Beach
bout to start filming this prank hey
guys we only didn't want to see you once
eaten so I'm going to tell you guys the
truth about Huffman and YG's basketball
challenge praying they were actually
going at each other and they cut out all
the audio and put music over it which is
stupid I want to say man there's a buzz
about if you know what my mood brother
said the people want to see the footage
20,000 likes on this vlog in the secret
power Mark IV probably leave that shit
but archives baby crazy alright we're
about to start filming here on Venice we
got a good little crowd that we could
work with we thought we was gonna be
dead we were expecting some rain but our
forecast was false
so yeah let's keep praying everybody
talked to my coordinator and directed my
hip producer Matt rapido vom alright
let's get it guys welcome to hood
tutorials today we're gonna show you
guys how to make a referee shirt without
going in buying one all you need is some
white duct tape and a black t-shirt and
a beautiful model Oh
so I if I get some chest hair that's
okay ah don't be afraid to get out up
close person I don't mind
and our bootleg referee is almost
complete I'm so official all I need is
about a fax come on bro it was a that
was a stupid foul you know I'm a review
it I'm gonna go back to the official
headquarters and she was happening I'm
gonna the head office why don't you run
on the basketball court and start
officiating anyway we're still filming
we're like halfway through I'm gonna
watch gee I mean my heaven Walkman I'm
confused right now I disappeared so
we're looking for them I don't know
where the head
yeah buddy anthro that's the my hips
like making power movies power right
here I mean yeah I think so I think I
might buy those jerk underwear CEO would
you like to see me
I don't know what your money alright
guys we got one more scene we're gonna
film at the mall but first you want to
run the bride I'll give you a shopping
so we bout to go check out the Kobe
tents for the first time I want to cop
don't know if I'm going to because I
want to try to get them a little under
retail cuz your boys he's falling on a
budget you know when they go all beat up
middle the only ones that are down for
this squad you don't think these other
boys ain't about that Kobe like old the
Damian Lillard came out too
levy CDs
Papa died here Ben
poppers all over the place and when you
get out
and size 10 my man
so lady wouldn't let me blog in there
apparently you can't blogged in
footlocker's even though I've done it a
million times and people on YouTube do
it every single day but whatever I'm not
trippin Coby tens were cool very
comfortable a little bigger than I
expected as far as the fit I tried on a
ten I should try on a nine and a half
next time but I didn't cop them I'm
gonna wait for the next colorway that
comes out which is the all-star ones
hopefully I can capo what do you think I
like into a good form fit traction
amazing Stephanie good possible would
you add them to your cricket collection
definitely nice okay that's what the
people would definitely want to know so
now we're about to I don't know I think
we're gonna film this last scene and
then shape the spot right
alright guys let's get out of here all
right guys dolls wrapped up you vlogging
right now every youtuber yeah anyway we
just got done filming everything uh
better head home my hip dip he went to
work shoutout to his grind well I'm
tired 8 a.m. you know what that's what
grant feels like yeah I feel good man I
can't wait to get I'm leaving tonight so
it's kind of sad anyway um that was a
good day man so I'm excited the only
thing I'm not excited for Spain this
stupid-ass ticket but it's all baby and
yeah let's go back to the crib now yeah
wait is this my vlog camera yeah um so
we decided to get some yogurt I wanted
it Erie's but watch you said that I
gotta get healthy because I'm a fat ass
yeah but I am too so you know we're
working towards the same yeah they're
gonna get yogurt okay and then we're
gonna go
he's got the taste buds by this week
yeah
over there isn't it okay hey you want to
tell the story bro you just told us in
the Bell yeah you want the story oh no
you can just transfer this yeah yeah so
my flight is leaving in like four hours
I should be at the airport at least two
hours before 30 minutes before that to
return my car but right now we're still
we push it right now we're doing a photo
shoot right now Ahmed and look at me
five pillars we got the gear I gave dad
so far hey what's up to the people what
up everybody that's it but yeah check
out these no shirts check out the link
in the description if y'all want to
check out their website their Instagram
and stuff you can check out they got
dope gear you guys see I've always when
I wore the one of their shirts you guys
weren't crazy in the comments and asks
where I got it from so it's from their
website links in the description so
check it out bajjis doing this thing
right now look it up
you're all over having I loved it on you
yeah
is you move it to you I think I forget
more of the V endings but you have to be
solid and I like that I know yeah yeah
someone's looking for a wife one of
people's so I'm calling it at night
I mean a trip whatever headed to drop
off the rental car I mean this car had
some great memories I paid 250 bucks to
get it out of the tunnel company or
whatever you know one tank of gas the
whole trip in three days amazing thank
you but he cost me more money then I
spent on my flight which is a pain in
the butt right anyway
sure just used uber but anyway leave in
I mean it was a great little small trip
you know we need to be grinded it out
today man from 8 a.m. until Tom is it
like 6 p.m. we were just like on our
feet
videos - - videos photo shoots button
for new things you know getting it all
together trying to make power moves you
know we all got dreams and I'm happy to
have homies around me that support me
and I support them and it's just a
family that we want to grow and we have
all similar dreams and goals and things
like that so when you were able to
support people who support Jews as some
blessing and it's amazing so Jonathan
Bachman yg my head my la family for
holding it down shoutout to creations la
faizon for the photo shoots five pillars
Farooq and everybody else I linked up
with in LA this past week comes out to
the YouTube space it was a great great
recording couple days man power moves
now it's time to get back to the bay and
headed tomorrow's video and at the vlog
for you guys you know it's nonstop and
I'm excited man I'm happy you know I
feel like 2015 we got the ball rolled
and what do you guys think do you think
I've been doing good this year let me
know in the comments and let's get to
the airport man I'm sorry about talking
so much but you know down late get some
things off my chest
your favorite looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like that a lot voices in my
head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cause I
smile the only one and those ain't labs
in a while I'm talked to a wizard
