got the hoes ain't loyal whatever
everybody just got to LAX right now kind
of struggle to get here my flight got
delayed waiting for this bus to pick me
up so I could go get my rental car but
I'm in LA again gonna be here for a few
days take care of some business today
I'm going to the YouTube
once I go to the YouTube space I can
actually start using it to film there so
that's one of the reasons why
today's like an orientation type thing
and I'm also having a meeting there with
some people that work for the YouTube
so it should be cool and yeah I'm at
hectic LAX right now I don't even know
if I'm in the right area my bus
I gotta figure this out so I'll see you
guys a little bit got my rental car guys
doing it big with a Dodge vibe this is
what is this a Dodge would first akiza
or whatever but guess what about ahead
to the YouTube space so I gotta meet a
I'm a meeting there at three o'clock is
to 26 so I'm gonna go in that area grab
some food maybe I'll just wait till
after but I'm kind of hungry so cuz I'm
gonna be there from 3 to 6 o'clock so
maybe I should get some fast food or
something as much as I don't want to eat
junk food out here eating healthy in LA
is kind of harder when you're on HIPAA
when you're here for a few days you guys
know how it is on vaycay you can't die
it's like I was dying in or something
anyway what's up y'all good don't go
back there - show final 15 longer
minutes than I needed to to frickin come
here if you guys remember this is where
we did the One Direction prank on othman
we met him right here so I drove here so
any good times good times so I just left
the YouTube space I was in there until
about 6:30 since I have under 100
thousand subscribers I can only use it
once a month but when I reach a hundred
thousand subscribers then I can use it
three times a month so when I do reach
100,000 subscribers which is very very
close it's coming guys let the countdown
begin right now row to 100k we are left
less than 5,000 subscribers so if you're
not a subscriber to my main channel go
right now because when we do hit a honey
Kay I'm gonna be throwing a little party
and I can't tell you where it's at but
just know that I'm been waiting for this
day for a long time so don't think I'm
not gonna celebrate alright so just wait
on it all right I'm gonna wait on this
traffic what's up guys we just got to
the Grove right now he's back in town so
y'all how you guys doing I mean I'm in
his town shout out to the homie I mean
he won on that lame your Instagram this
guy has amazing pictures check them out
so we've got to go grub right now we
stop starving we haven't ate all day
we're going to Cheesecake Factory so
yeah so happy to see them lined up he's
ovo em now hormone okay that's all so
you go you know I don't know that
backstory
yeah okay welcome welcome with him
the mobi hope was the businessman no you
want me to do is that it that's a shot
at it is are us from is that a shot at
Harris roaring chuckling exactly bro
like all of a sudden he's a Cavaliers
fan like I'm gonna go I don't know man
we have valves right now about a get
turnt off with some gushers yes we out
here construction season at Rao's they
made this thing hella big oh yeah it's
been a minute you don't miss living in
LA but I'm just cuddling with behave
every night it's all good though you
know comeback season what you gotta say
to the people you gotta give up some
more fam
after 30 minutes we finally found what
we came here to get this is a oh my god
guys just cut off my toes what's good
he's in he's in there editing no you
ain't
did you like I'm editing but I'm
watching Shutter quad anyway he's
grinding right now editing a fun day for
day in LA didn't do too much no turn up
is our business
that's why why is it power moves weekend
hashtag pw's only then our BMI goes pmw
we're gonna shoot a video together on
Saturday and then tomorrow I gotta be
bangers out here hangin power moves we
can all learn enabled first in right you
say the first word that comes to mind
okay go ahead oh yeah okay do - go ahead
oh yeah so I get your brother chubby
dusted I'm Mexican Mexican Oh me yeah
yourself there you guys have it yo time
to go to sleep guys we're gonna cuddle
make sure you subscribe to his channel
every Monday they do mom with Mondays
where they make out with each other
yeah
no you guys opinions on different
techniques and things like that so check
them out I got a special treat for you
guys this isn't an official episode of
crew kicks but we're gonna give you a
little preview of the sneaker collection
of all right boy this is my one of my
prized connection back in the day we got
the 2k for her ah cheese laser print
shout out to knock you for the stitching
right here that's your name Kobe yeah
Toby right here they call you huh that's
what they call me these I remember it's
like you can tell are these the two
towns right here these in the adidas
triple jump UCLA edition strong bottom
to kill people right here you got to do
that bad that's official as well I got
some more come on I'm gonna take you
guys with you you know you're an avid
you know cricket player yeah so show us
some of your cricket so I said why go to
cricket shoe Nike the the Pegasus 27
2004 edition these were good fit and
once again you can see them you wear our
sneakers yeah this one's one of my new
cops just got it you see the edition
brand new haven't warned me I've worn
once or twice but this for casual just
for casual run and yeah a sneak peek so
uh tune in next time for some more kicks
they call me the non perfect pair
because all my I wear all my shoes no
more perfect thank you for letting us
into your speaker domain looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I failed my mission
got the same goal same feeling when I'm
doing but I'm coming down from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile
