what's good crude case welcome to the
very first episode you guys asked for it
and we are going to deliver it to you
I'm going to show you guys my personal
sneaker collection shout out the Justin
on camera let's go
so the first thing I wanted to show you
guys before I got into my regular
collection
whenever I lace up a best but a pair of
hoop shoes you know I always feel like
I'm that player you know I'm saying so
it always depends on what type of day it
is you know some days I feel like a Kobe
and I'll lace up my Kobe seven
Christmases but then some days I want to
take it to the next level and I want to
play with one of my favorite butchers
ever the Kobe eight I choose the Kobe
eight over the Kobe 9 in a shout-out to
the ployed job to the plug and shout out
to Nike ID for the lettering falling off
you guys already know about that like I
said I choose the 7th the 8th over the
nines but the nines are still a good
hoop shoe I got the high cut I haven't
played in the nine loka but I do play in
these every once in a while this one is
my newer one to Kyrie that I really
really like I suggested these for a lot
of people if you're into it like a mid
cut the Dewayne way leaning got these
from the way of a website it's a little
heavier than any other shoe I have but
whenever I feel like playing like way
like falling all over the floors and
things like that and I need durability I
go with my way of weight
Katy fours a lot of people say this is
the best Katy to ever come out this is
the only colorway I have left I had a
few other ones but I kept this one and
it's super beat but what color wears
that one this is the Easter colorway
so move up to the the real stuff now
when it comes to sneakers I don't have
the most but I'm really satisfied with
my collection right now and that's why
I'm showing it to you guys so let's
start it off made Roscher
inspired by mags this is one of the
first Roche rooms that ever came to Nike
and this color is not available anymore
that meant bottom as you can see these
got some miles on them another
comfortable shoe that I really like is
the Jordan future I got these actually
at the Georgetown Nike in in DC so shout
out to DC to all my DMV people Cole Hons
for days you know what I'm saying the
lunar bottoms are just too comfortable
and I feel like I'm just on my grown man
you just got the solid black on there
too for my sister's wedding i worthy
tore up the dance floor that's proof
right there and I feel like I'm in New
York and I need to throw on some boots
for the snow got another pair of cole
Haans with the lunar bottom just that
grown man you guys know about this you
too busy looking at some Jordan to just
dawns when you should be looking at
shoes like this ID Jasper diamond supply
collabs I wore these to clubs I wore
these to regular days you can dress this
up just as down this one is a little
harder to pull off but you know I feel
like I can do it I've done it actually
sure like you're a crocodile yeah I
really do for like a polka dot this is a
custom buy my boy JP customs really cool
do really nice dude he hooked me up he
actually watched found me through crew
TV and I met him at sneaker con LA and
then we talked and I was like yeah
really like those brochures you made and
he's like you know what I have a size 10
if you want it at can resist man Jordan
3 inspired got this for my show in DC
these are the internationals 3m four
days another pair of jordan futures that
i painted myself and you could kind of
see the wearing of the cracking on there
because i'm not an expert at painting
shoes but i did what i could do i think
I wore these to Vegas and I started
running on the strip and that's how they
started cracking but you know what
happens in Vegas obviously does not say
that it comes with you home on you
horrible joke Safari Rose runs people
have tried to buy these off me but I
can't do it man
this is the one shoe that me hair is
Dustin and swag all had and we didn't
get it cause of each other just
separately got it and then we ended up
all having it and I got this one as a
birthday gift from Ashley Kobe it's one
of my favorite Kobe's the Christmas
color way this is the first Kobe eight
that I got Hollywood aka the 3d glasses
you can see the 3d glasses on inside 3d
red back blue back red swoosh blue
swoosh I got this from the Nike vault
they only had 24 pairs a day for three
days and I went like midday and they
just happened to get some extra pairs I
got the regular all-star pair this one
was actually gifted to me but I wanted
he so bad I actually went to my boy
Phil's house shot to fill the guzm√°n I
know you're watching this I went to his
house to see if he could help me get him
and we both struck out so he didn't help
me get him Phil I'm still mad at you but
I got him so it's all good I love you
a pair of Kobe 9 IDs right here as you
can see it's the galaxy body engineered
mesh these ones actually I got from my
birthday from Ashley and I was in Hawaii
so this is another shoe that I'll never
leave my collection
glow-in-the-dark for days over here I'm
not even gonna describe these I'm just
gonna let you guys see but the sneakers
do the talking that bottom a lot of
people hate on the Pope by the way we
wear them popcorn from the Laker versus
Cavs game check out my new display I
just got this shot everyone that's gonna
comment saying where did I get those
cases from another two pairs of Dwyane
Wade's right here it's all about the
quality it's not about the hype Dewayne
Wade shoes are not that hyped in the
States big bold 2.5 and then this one
right here is actually called the screws
and I had no idea that what these were I
was at the store in Georgetown called a
kick spot my cousin knew the owner so he
hooked it up really good price for these
there's only 500 pairs of these out in
the world of this colorway
let's get over here to some Adidas my
only two adidas you can put your own
picture on it through the app and I came
up with this so dream crew is written
all over the shoe dream crew and the
white lettering and then in the middle I
don't know if you could see it but you
got me and Big Sean mean actually in the
a this picture right here is me my mom
in Germany and I'm wearing my first pair
of Air Jordans in that picture we can't
really see it each picture is like a
different part of life and I just wanted
to make something that like commemorated
myself and was a dope colorways look at
that bag come on Metro attitude hi Big
Sean's crazy colorway inspired by Hawaii
because that's where he recorded his
last album finally famous lion
all of Big Sean's collabs have something
on the on the shoe one of his lyrics and
this one it says dream stop being dreams
when you turn them into goals the Kobe
prelude pack was something that I was
trying to complete and I gave up on it
because I sold it to get another shoe we
were like 50th in line luckily they had
about 80 pairs we waited for three hours
in the rain this shoe was always going
to stay in my collection this is
probably my favorite colorway of a
leather in size s crazy leather inside
and then one of my favorite thing is
that the inside says ma material that's
just too crazy I did I got him off Nike
comm without a bot because we don't use
box guys not bad
only thoughts use box what the Kobe
hates this shoe is just executed
amazingly LeBron twelves man this shoe
right here is my favorite shoe right now
I wanted to make a colorway that kind of
just represented him going back to
Cleveland so I basically just did the
regular Cleveland colorway but instead
of the regular yellow I did a gold cruel
I've got to represent my crew just how
they displayed all the different LeBrons
that's the only reason why I'm going to
keep these and the different tongues
that's a really good idea a lot of
people don't even know that the top of
the tongue is different from the the mid
of the tongue watch the throne IDs I did
the sample pair with the
glow-in-the-dark bottom and I did an
orange liner they're on my website dream
KU comm so if you guys want to check it
out cool calm these are up for sale and
they are under under retail I think I
have them on there for two to ten or
something so if you want to snatch these
up go to dream crew calm and I have a
few other shoes on there too so just
give myself some free promo to my own
website arguably the greatest sneaker of
all time including this colorway i back
in high school all the kids used to have
them I didn't know how to get them only
way I knew how to go get shoes just to
go to the mall I didn't know anybody I
didn't have any friends that work at
sneaker stores so when I got it when I
got older it meant a little bit more to
me than just any other
so that's another thing with all these
sneakers man they all represent
different stories like I told you
Gotti's in DC that represents that time
when I went to DC right here I got these
for a birthday gift in Hawaii mumble
moments it's self-explanatory
infrared sex is on the feed I know if
you noticed that but this is the 2014
release and to me these are pretty much
my beaters but whatever I love them the
hot pink edition yeah it's the hot pink
editions English name I got both the
lands mountains and I took the pain off
so now I got myself a pair of bread and
I got myself a pair of Royals or if I
want to go with the original I got
myself some regular Landsman and paid a
little bit more than what I wanted but I
paid a lot less than what I would have
paid if I worked by just real Royals and
real breads and you guys don't know that
people ask me like why does this when
I'm stitching and I have to give them a
20-minute conversation of why these
shoes I like this but probably one of my
favorite releases of 2014 and they just
did a fantastic job with this concept
like with a how do you come up with that
like to take the paint off Jordan one
Melos the gold ones like come on this is
this is silly man this is the first good
mellow Jordan that's came out since the
mellow ones or the mellow twos the
Jordan to colorway of the mellows the
remastered Jordan for Columbia's or
legend Blues whatever you want to call
them all I know is that the quality on
these is as Harris would say butter I
know it's going to crease but I don't
care about creasing because shoes are
meant to be worn shoes I meant to get
dirty
some Balenciaga is all black and this
isn't the basic one this is a thicker
leather my first pair of Air Jordans and
really my first pair and real sneakers
that got me into shoes was back in 1996
and it was the Air Jordan 12 the cherry
colorway and I was a size four and a
half when I got him this is my favorite
Air Jordan of all time
shout out big shout out to soul
supremacy in Newark when I bought the
shoe didn't have inserts so I actually
put my Nike Flyknit instant inserts in
there so it's actually pink they're not
fake but they are Nike Flyknit inserts
so when I have a baby one day his first
pair of Jordan
are going to be the same shoes that were
my first pair of Jordans except he's
going to be a little younger when he has
it having a harris moment right now with
the bay concord loathe her guy you had
though yeah they're just in here but
this is actually swag size and he's been
begging to buy these off me but the
price ain't right so I gotta give me at
least four bills for these you know
first off a big shout out to my boy
Jaime follow him on instagram twitter
jamie the great he's the one that got me
these he knew i was looking for these
he's cool with the people over at riff
LA and he was like yo burr if la has a
size nine and a half and I could call
them and see if they could hold it for
you and I was able to get him before my
birthday so shout out to Jamie this is a
dream shoe man this is the ultimate shoe
that I that I really wanted in my
collection it's a little bit yellowing
on the tongue the guy before me that had
these didn't take too good much care of
them but amen
I'm gonna take care of these you can see
the easies I just created you can see
them and I'm a big Kanye fan like you
guys can see over here on my shirt I got
the Kanye records right here beautiful
Twisted Fantasy college dropout late
registration 808 let me tell you the
story first before I take these
everything so this is back in 2000 and I
want to say 7 I was in LA with my sister
my cousins and so family from out of
town we went to LA for a road trip to go
to Disneyland we were leaving Nike Rodeo
Drive so we went to a gas station as we
pull up the gas station I had these
shoes in the box by my leg you know you
know biker brand new pair of shoes you
put them over there I look to my left
and I just see a tall do
standing next to a Bentley and then I
was just in shock and I said oh my god
that's Kobe so I jumped out of the car
grabbed my bag I walked up to him I
didn't even say anything I said Kobe can
you sign my shoes I didn't say what's up
to him and he says yeah man talk to him
for like five minutes
super cool man he took the time out of
his day there was no one else at the gas
station so it was just one-on-one with
me and him we didn't have a sharpie on
us so it is signed with the pen and the
kids kind of faded because he didn't
redo it but it's all good shot the Kobe
he still did it um hope you guys really
did enjoy my sneak peek I don't have the
most shoes like I said but to me I love
my collection I wear what I want to wear
my advice to you guys buy what you like
that creates more memories for you guys
and that have a significant meaning to
you
