yeah that's what you're stupid that's
why I drop your mom from the team oh
this is this clear right now okay what's
good crew TV family welcome to the best
vlogs on YouTube but this ain't even a
real vlog this is a this is like a short
vlog anyway it's not a vlog it's but
it's gonna be called a vlog anyway okay
first things first
super excited if you guys don't know
this Wednesday in two days Monday
Tuesday Wednesday so three days but
tomorrow okay two days this Wednesday is
the premiere of my new YouTube series
called crew kicks this week is going to
be the first episode and it's going to
be my sneak peak collection so you can
see on my shoes quick preview that's it
I'm gonna show you guys all my shoes and
the sneak peek so hope you guys all do
tune in and support it spread it share
it so this vlog right here is not gonna
be that long but guess what I'm gonna
give you guys all the bloopers from the
new video that I just posted yesterday
so if you haven't seen it head over to
my main channel link in the description
to watch the new skit called American
music well it's called music in Afghan
situations you don't have to be Afghan
to watch it it's in all English as a few
afghan farsi parts but i put subtitles
for you guys but it's super funny go
check it out really funny comedy skit
and the bloopers are probably funnier
than the actual video in my opinion
because you get to see us behind the
scenes and yes so here to check out some
of the bloopers there's even some scenes
that they even make the video itself
that i had to cut out for a little audio
problems and things like that but um
yeah man hope you guys enjoyed we'll be
back tomorrow with another vlog yeah
yeah we'll be back tomorrow with another
vlog and then wednesday crew kicks so
don't forget about that and if I do make
this right here you guys got a clip that
thumbs up regardless okay so here we go
airball okay one more try one more try
at home enjoy thumbs up yo you don't
thumbs up 30 years of bad luck
alright y'all enjoy the bloopers yeah
everybody just do their own thing
there you go sighs got it so go come on
so dancing go go no that's too slow do
cook it ready say whatever and then just
be like okay ready set go song DJ Aaron
I don't know to say there we go
sorry
come on LeBron Jordan come - what are
you doing come on pass this stupid ball
stupid it took got it sure oh fuck -
Ellen be shocked what you stupid stupid
kid yeah that's what you're stupid
that's why I drop your mom from the team
the stupid come to my house it sound
like Sir with all due respect
why stairs looking directly at the
camera now cycle is that they myself
became strong have an angle is very good
maybe twelve fourteen Japan's pork now
there's no pork is it
are you looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle
this is real life you don't know what I
feel like that a lot of voices in my
head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only ones and those ain't laughs in
a while I'm talk to
