yesterday we decided to come as much as
on the original phone business phone
cause I'm trying to flog the disrespect
okay so we're about to pull up right now
we just got here
the line is looking nice but this vlog
starts yesterday yesterday we were out
here in the bay and we're like let's do
something we haven't done all tour which
is let's we decided to prank everyone in
line last night I'm gonna take you guys
back to yesterday when we prank them so
check this out all right guys we're
coming to target now we're gonna look
around and try to think of ideas on how
to prank them guys the good thing is
that the Halloween section is here and
they have some litte ass costumes this
year you look like what if we just went
in there with like a whole turkey like a
whole turkey out burrito a hotdog
yeah put on the hotdog never had
Halloween they didn't have them laughs
Halloween where you came from
oh my god do not snapchat or anything
abut that we're here guys this has to be
a secret so it needs to be something
scary and for me aunt Vivian oh there's
like a cat right here this scary what if
what if we do this what if like no no no
hey I got an idea
my cousin will go and then like be like
oh is this the line and then they'll be
like yeah and then he'll stand there for
like 20 minutes
and then the van will pull up slowly as
hell playing a scary-ass music and then
I and the door opens and I'm like this a
GM will be in the driver seat but he'll
be you know mountain alpha - yeah and
everybody else duck
I know don't even move your head just
yeah yeah look like that once a while
one of us will stand right here you're
filming from this side you need to be
over here back here in this corner yeah
yeah so the shot this shop is the shop
is right here we've got to take the no
he can't take the tags off tuck the tag
in you gotta make sure the tag no time
again shall I return yeah that thing is
$30 we returning that okay so one person
will stand right here and then two of us
will stand on that side and then we're
gonna pull up hella slowly we'll pull up
hella slowly and then we'll just stop
right in front and then one of us steps
down hella slowly the other two have to
step down one goes from this way the
other one comes from that way we all
just stand here and we literally just
look at them and then when the middle
person starts walking slowly we all just
start walking slowly till we get hella
close to them and see what they say and
then and then like just see how they
react I don't know you either do nothing
or they'll be excited okay guys so we
are around the corner from Seoul
supremacy of Jin so excited
who's here by yourself no that was
supposed to come and it go to work yeah
so I was like it I already made
plans to come out anyway so lysse I just
started doing this to you sure what's
poblanos how did you yeah my sneakers
Jesus the chain
the successful yeah the famous it was
good everybody was kind of like confused
but let's see if you find out who
okay so the lining is kind of dark right
now but who was like what did you guys
think when we were pulling out because
we you guys are loyal thank you guys for
being out here super I'm super excited
guys this is the first time we've done
our own pop-up in the Bay Area if you
guys don't know I am born and raised in
the Bay so this is home for me and I'm
super super excited man shout out to
everyone that's gonna come out here and
show love it's a crazy busing man this
is this is crazy
okay so we bout to start it up we just
got inside soul supremacy and you know
merch is set up we got the first two
people what's good you tired man you've
been out been out there for two days
yeah Thursday morning I heard you
haven't been to the bathroom in two days
all right
so we can give you 200 $300 store credit
and get whatever you want and we'll buy
for you okay all right that's cool
yeah man you wait two days we got to get
you something so you get search on there
see what you want to get if you want to
get something more than $300 you can
just pay the difference and we'll cover
it 300 of it that's cool yeah thank you
remember something something I wore at
4:00 I wore it first champion
somebody called Peter all right man so
he picked out zebras so we're gonna pay
for 300 of this and then yeah you could
just pay the difference there you go
boss all right
they're superstars in the building so I
got Diddy
give us some 100 I'm gonna give you 110
years my two flew by but you're kinda
gonna take a stand by
boy we've been preparing that for about
a week now guys look what they made for
me this is freakin sick this so dope so
many colors I like it you know what it
reminds me of it reminds me of like a
Fresh Prince of bel-air type of vibe you
know what I mean
my man's came in the in the pop-up
playing the song shout out to them they
some real one you got no line at your
boot oh yeah
no line battalion boys I say it's the
ring girl that was too inappropriate
everybody hold them down come on so
basically if you guys don't know Harris
lost the bet with the social primacy
team Warriors vs. Cavs so he has to wear
the Warriors jersey all day long
Marvin you could have made it Marvin
Marvin zero shadow Ryan and shut out to
all those holes cami I can't even right
now bro I can't even wrap it so we've
been asked to sign you know phone cases
you know shirts even for heads but my
man's right now asked us to come outside
and sign his car we get to have it are
we gonna sign it man that's crazy bro
you sure about this
you gonna go get the car wrapped after
this but hey first here's right go
warriors
everybody boo Harris while he signs
let's go warriors crickets G we got a
Kairi friend over here you just made the
top of the list of things we've signed
this is dope man yo they gotta give a
shout-out was good of you tomorrow hey
check it out all of a sudden we finished
the line now and we're just hanging out
my man just got here he literally landed
from Cleveland he got his luggage so we
got to put him in the vlog was good man
so I just want to shout out Bryce I told
him I'd getting the vlog so shut up
right shoutout Cleveland shoutout me on
Instagram daily thrifter so told Bryce
not getting the bit in the vlog so
thanks guys
yeah warriors taking another one over
Cleveland this year Cavs gonna win it I
was gonna win this site look at this guy
he's killing me
we're sending these away I thought
you couldn't feel his hair alright guys
so we just wrapped up the pop-up bay
area puppet wheeze with the whole crew
right now you already know what it is
shout out to everybody who came and
showed so much love but now it's on to
the next pop up tomorrow in Phoenix I've
been had those but the night is still
young cuz we trying to go ball so we're
gonna get together and we're all gonna
go hoop right now let's bring it in
gentlemen bring it in bring it in bring
it in bring it in that's everybody who
came on three yo alright guys so now we
just came to Los Cerritos this is like
our old basketball court not Thornton
junior high that was my main court but
this is like where all the people used
to come play when you want it to run on
the weekends or even on weekdays but
we're out here it's behind the American
high school but I guess I'm running GM
you ready to redeem yourself from Mickey
crossing you know I'm about to go pick
cricket over there
okay you got to play with your sharpie
what's up guys it's your boy G I'm out
here you know we out here after our
pop-up shop the boys about the place I'm
basketball you know I'm too good for
them you know so take a take a break for
them I should know that made no sense
let's get it brought your boy out here
lost Rito's basketball the dream team
versus the the whack team you already
know first team to 21
swish at 11
we do that alright guys so back at the
crib we've been chilling here for a
minute and honestly I want to say thank
you to everybody in the Bay Area who
came out and showed love I really do
appreciate it because like I said
earlier the bay area is my home
soul supremacy was the sneaker store I
used to go to when I used to live out
here
I always appreciate them I appreciate
you guys for coming out and showing some
hometown love and now it's time to go to
Phoenix tomorrow so basically we have a
6:00 a.m. flight that is in let me go
over here cuz it's getting blurry we
have a 6:00 a.m. flight is in about 7
hours so I'm gonna start editing editing
this vlog and then we land in Phoenix at
7:30 a.m. and then the pop-up starts at
11 a.m. we're probably gonna go straight
to the pop-up cuz we didn't even get a
hotel and we're gonna start set up and
try to start everything early and get
the ball rolling and down my hair so
we're and then we are going to leave
after the pop up at like 8:00 p.m. so
we're not even in Phoenix for a full day
it's literally in and out but that is
tour life too much talking now it's time
to rest at it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow in Phoenix
