so with the free samples I go get one
and then I make actually go get me one
after looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real life
what up people it's freakin 10:00 a.m.
right now me and so I grinded right now
this we're finishing couple scenes for
Sunday's video it will be up tomorrow
you guys are watching this on Saturday
so for the way sorry for the way it's
been a week since the last video so I
still salty about the prank anyway about
the place in 2k cuz we just got done
shooting before so I goes to work like
the pop saw eyes french toast cherry
about to get I'm addicted all the songs
are open they're all closed with anyway
undies right now so eysies french toast
crunch review okay so more is popping my
cherry right now with this french toast
loving me all right
if he doesn't like it only crap down the
kicker's they got my own
100 bra so I heard how addicting but we
but got myself football and they're
about to play 2k oh yeah ain't going for
the easy 0 for all you Cleveland fans
that's kinda cool more than you guys now
right there G that's your boy it's too
early right now my team's not used to
this oh look at this someone's getting
wine not me
we at Costco right now guys got done
filming earlier I still have a few more
scenes to shoot I have to shoot him
today because I'm leaving tomorrow going
to Lake Tahoe with my family so we could
go watch the Superbowl out there huh but
he's watching me Claus no here's what
you mean
anyway yeah I'm going to Tahoe tomorrow
Ashley's having our own Super Bowl party
but I won't be attending
so yeah should be a fun weekend with my
family that's all guys so me and my
uncle's my cousins take you guys with me
and we have to go to some free samples
right now so with the free samples I go
get one and then I make actually go get
me one after Thanks
hey what's up y'all my name is Omar John
Afghan singer if you want to book me for
your weddings or private parties my
email is down below
it's book Omar ASG 786 at hotmail.com
please I only charge $20 per person to
perform in front of and I put on
fantastic dance show okay anyway I just
got done filming the last scene well one
of the last scene okay I'm not gonna
talk like that
I just got done filming actually this is
the opening scene for tomorrow's video
but I had to film it for one of the last
things because uh we just didn't have
time the first day and what's cool about
it is that I'm actually here alone doing
my scene but when you guys watched a
video tomorrow you will see everybody
over here so it looks like it's all one
scene but I'm actually alone it's the
magic of editing and YouTube and you
actually saw it in another vlog of them
dancing and stuff like that so it's
pretty cool hopefully you guys think I'm
sexy right now I don't know but this was
the second to last scene I have to shoot
I gotta shoot one more later tonight and
that will be I'm gonna shoot that with
Ashley so Ashley will be in this video
for a little bit but waiting for Justin
to come on over the hell is that and
we're supposed to film my sneak peek for
the for the first episode of crew kicks
we all hear grinder man today's been a
busy day man shooting since 9:30 a.m.
and now it's 419 what's up my chips like
my look I was filming the single part
remember the video we finished I had to
do the single part so well chick-fil-a
why their lines hella long until some
way yeah Monday is king I got my first
shot blacks on I just killed it right
now I'm done but
yeah had the table everything so the
sweat Oh where'd you get the my friend
this is my dad
special effects wet right here all right
I'm gonna wrap it up though and go
inside looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I failed my mission got the same goal
same feeling when I'm doing but I'm
coming down from a different angle this
is real like you don't know what I feel
like got a lot of voices in my head
wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one then those I ain't Labs in
a while I'm talked to a wizard and if
you ain't with it well you can get
stepping you can love me when it's easy
when it's not good stepping it'll come
back and just turn into a blessing
