how many people think Harris looks like
the Panda Express logo what's good
YouTube family
I'm tired and when I sneeze I never see
is just once I always do it like five
times in a row
that's anybody that knows me that's how
I ever I haven't vlogged since I posted
the last video and I just feel filmed
some of you guys too reaction through
snapchat do that videos hella funny man
love you pray oh my god so we just
finished watching you waiting it was so
funny
Craig de Sala bro
funniest thing ever
you're the best spending the last few
days getting ready for this week's video
so there will be a new video of this
Sunday again I'm trying to post a new
video every Sunday so hopefully I can do
that for you guys you guys will watch
and support in the band you guys whoa
the amount of views that the last video
got was like a record like 50,000 views
in one day that's crazy man you guys
love them the bacon prank so thank you
to everybody who watched us supported
that right now you know got a little
couple errands to run take you guys
along with me first things first I'm
taking my car to BMW because my tire
keeps going flat so I'm at the BMW
service and my tire has a nail in it so
I actually have to get a new tire but
they don't have my tire in stock so
they're ordering one for me and I have
to pick it up tomorrow
check it out so I've been telling you
guys about this new series that I'm
starting called khru cakes okay too much
talking I'm rambling too much restart so
I wanted to do something ok turn this
music oh okay I'm trimming right now
like so I'm starting a new series called
crew kicks crew kicks will be on once a
week every Wednesday starting
next Wednesday so February this guys
watching me vlog you people watch me
vlog and look at me retarded man like
it's 2015 okay people document their
lives everywhere like Shh look at
yourself in the mirror not me okay
so next Wednesday January 4th is gonna
be the first episode and that first f
Hooves episode is going to be my sneaker
collection it's not just gonna be
sneaker collections it's mostly gonna be
sneaker collections but it's also gonna
be different things so anything sneaker
related one episode it could be us
talking about future kicks or talking
about different stuff another episode
will be a sneaker collection of one of
my friends but we're gonna start out
with the first episode which will be my
sneaker collection since you guys did
get 2,000 likes on the January monthly
pick ups so yeah crew kicks all I can
say is that stay tuned next week is the
first episode and it will be on every
single web statewide Wednesday on crew
TV yeah so that's what crew kicks is and
it's season one so this is season one
starting next Wednesday and I will
probably be releasing a trailer this
weekend as far as monthly pick ups goes
still on the edge if I want to continue
that because I feel like crew kicks is
just gonna out do it but then a lot of
people are watching monthly pickups on
just for the sneakers they watch it for
the fashion stuff so let me know what
you guys think do you guys think I
should still continue monthly pickups on
top of crew kicks and just use monthly
pick ups as a as you know more of like
clothing and stuff like that with
sneakers so yeah comment down below let
me know what your guys thoughts are and
yeah like I said new video this Sunday
that's another great thing so watch that
look how bright my gym combo is today
pink socks blue shoes vault accent hairy
legs very nice I just looked ok
chick-fil-a is opening here tomorrow and
there's legit tents outside people are
camping out for chick-fil-a what the
what the parking lot is full I honestly
wanted I'm gonna drive by after the gym
and make sure these people this legit
tents outside a freaking chick-fil-a
like there's camping out
there for some chick-fil-a just got done
hooping you boy put some numbers up on
that offensive glass you know I'm saying
he was out here grind and struggled at
first but we came through one our last
couple of games dude lost I'll ask him
anyway I'm about to pass by this
chick-fil-a one time and see what's
crackin
you guys are you camping out to tomorrow
what are they getting it first lining up
anything special if you go in there
right now yeah go eat we're gonna give
you a free salad already sandwich okay
yeah I might do that free salad guys
don't that sound but Oh sandwich or
zombie I guess whatever okay for sure
thank you free food but like for some
chick-fil-a yo what's good people I got
a little it's Thursday by the way guys
up continuing yesterday's long and it
didn't completed very much I decided to
combine another day there we go
hopefully that's working right now gotta
unbox this thing for you guys maybe I
should do a Latina version again
this is a weird little eBay pick up I
got thank you very much for your order
if you are happy with your item feedback
feedback you ship that late I got it
like two weeks late anyway I got this
because because I don't know I was on
eBay and I wasn't even looking for these
I was looking for something completely
different and these came up and I was
like you know what I gotta get these so
gotta get these right here this was my
first pair of Air Jordans so I thought I
would get it so this could be the first
pair of my sons or daughters Air Jordans
but I have one I'm not having one don't
make up rumors but so am pair of
original og Jordan 12 cherries from my
future baby damn these are freaking
crazies cute what do you guys think you
guys like gum so yeah my baby's gonna be
laced up with some nice Jordan 12 is
when they are born so it's a little bit
of redness in there they're not worn but
I mean a baby probably wore these so
it's not like they stepped and made them
undies because it's a little baby but
what do you guys think they're cute huh
I have a few little baby shoes that I'm
saving up so let me show you my version
now I don't have my original pair my
original pair was actually a size four
why I don't have those anymore I don't
know I know what happened to them and I
kind of regret selling them I sold them
but there you go look at that cute huh
so I could wear it and my little son or
daughter one day relationshipgoals
so I just dropped off my car
Thursday beautiful day man I see all my
peoples on the East Coast posts and
pictures and snaps of the snow and all
the bad weather a Californian like I
said before we wait for you man
California got plenty of room if you
guys want to move out here it's all good
I'm Cali born and raised I don't think I
could ever live out of California so I'm
lucky to have Los Angeles so close to me
and I'm lucky to be in the Bay Area so
Bay Area just know I got you on my back
when we make it we all make it you know
I'm saying so I put my city on one time
there's no wonderful like really Bay
Area youtubers if you think of youtubers
that was so fun
it's not really like bay area youtubers
you know I'm saying so I feel like when
we do pranks and in the city no one else
is doing YouTube pranks in San Francisco
you know what I mean there's tons in Los
Angeles but there's nobody really put it
so it's like the only cat out here doing
that so anyway I got to pick my car up
in two hours so I'm walking there's a
target here so maybe I'll do target for
the first time in a whole day I feel
good in the banana so I don't know how
much remotely I'm trying to help him get
back to my skinny ways this is following
me or something
anyway alright let's go you guys sorry
for boring you how many people think
Harris looks like the Panda Express logo
oh god I think I'd started a new a new
trend what up guys I'm at blaze okay I
ate my whole pizza this is all that's
left
I'm stuck but I'm gonna force myself to
finish this
we'll shout out the police feet
walking back to the dealership right now
look at this beautiful lake I found with
a beautiful view
sometimes views like this just make you
realize what life is all about the
trials and tribulations I'm just kidding
guys I was trying to make fun of a I was
reenacting the seems from an old QoP
video if you guys comment down below a
video that's from anyway this isn't even
a real Lake it's actually frame 1 so
it's actually in the middle of another
dealership actually it might be supposed
to be the other no they got like cars
parked in the grass like if I was gonna
buy a new car and it was punker here I'd
be kind of pissed yeah yeah yeah what up
guys so you can see I got my car and Oh
mother I got my car and now I'm actually
passing chick-fil-a because I wanted to
see if people are still out here but
obviously it opened today and nobody's
out here but it is freaking product
there's lines I'm not gonna eat here but
I can't even get through right now
so anyway I found out that the reason
why people were camping is because when
you the first 50 customers get a year's
worth of chick-fil-a
which is like hella fat but I mean I
guess it's worth it but to him camping
for some chick-fil-a maybe like two hour
away but seriously like ain't that good
y'all had it before it ain't a special
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like
that a lot voices in my head wanna hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one then those ain't laughs in
a while I'll talk to it
