No
hey what's good cook TV family I'm your
host QoP to the ohm saying anyway a new
video is going to be up today or it's
already up to date depending on when you
watch this vlog but this video on the
main channel youtube.com slash guys Omar
link is in the description if you want
to check it out into larious my favorite
video in a while man this this prank was
just fun to pull off all my friends and
I'm not gonna talk about it too much I
want you guys to go check it out so head
over to the main channel check it out
that's where I have all my skits and
pranks if you don't know I do that - so
that was originally what brought me to
YouTube so subscribe to that please and
join the keopi movement anyway um it is
Saturday it's a beautiful day outside
really really nice as you can see so
nice I had to bust these at one time you
know I'm saying but uh going to lunch
right now well it's 3:50 but we're going
to lunch I guess or brunch or dinner
whatever in Santana Row which is in
Santa Clara and it's a really nice area
for those you guys turn off from the Bay
Area it's like a nice shopping area plus
a nice dinner area I'm gonna try to
convince Ashley to get Maggiano's I love
Maggiano's she said she doesn't want
mozzie all know she likes to try new
things and stuff like that but I love me
some Italian food so the key to my heart
is Italian food so hopefully she agrees
and rebound the cash Kim Kardashian and
them open cash over here at I go if you
want
so we just got this antenna ro and she
agreed that we can get Maggiano's so
your boys happy
shopping what up guys we're at the store
I don't even know what this store is
called but they have the dopest things
here like anyway I think I'm gonna get
this this is the most randomest thing in
the world but it looks like an award so
I want to get it and make it into like a
peculiar ward or something like that but
it was originally like 50 bucks it's
only 14 bucks now but it's a turtle
shell I'm gonna get it what is that get
it who knew what is it though the anchor
some stuff you might find interesting
astonishing and amusing when you're
about to poo so we're still here we
already bought stuff she bought in gold
anchor I don't know why yeah
that's pretty cute you can't take
everything on
shoutout to Dustin he got a hundred k on
his sneak peak how does it feel to be in
a hundred K club with swagga you know
yeah that's good but I'm a beat'em I'm
sorry Dan
that's some 100 so I get doesn't have
the two most viewed videos on crew TV
should we give him a little update just
give him a preview of some updated since
then it's been three months since the
sneak peek and he's got some new stuff
just show him like two shoes right now
sushi is fine yeah so funny
this is a preview of his next his next
sneak peak that were probably gonna do
like in the middle of the year or
something I don't know what are we gonna
do it but they saw these right no no no
okay well I got these 49ers all of a
sudden looking at the frame they don't
see my vision pictures always change but
I stay on my mission got the stick yeah
these are the latest pickups huh ladies
pick up some humble into it the white
bata
no damn a bonus well everyone's seen
this before like a house you know Oh
10,000 thumbs up and we'll show you the
rest of everything only you know no one
we didn't get 4,000 likes on this I'm
not here they got a few dozen so guys um
10:47 p.m. right now I'm kind of hungry
I haven't ate since like six o'clock
seven o'clock when we went to Maggiano's
but I'm ending my night in the Taco Bell
Taco Bell drive-thru line and shouldn't
really be here but eh it's all good I've
been
a lot of work in the gym so I deserve a
cheat day every day is a cheat day for
me though I don't have a set diet right
now which I should but like I said to my
mother vlog I don't know how to diet so
I'm gonna get myself a Casa della and uh
apple empanada and then go home and set
up my new sneaker sneaker set that I got
that I'll show you guys so yeah I just
wanted to let you guys know that I'm
getting Taco Bell because I'm sure that
interests a lot of you alright guys so
these are my new shoe shelf slash
displays that looked like like that like
I was gonna show them to you and I had
them all set up but I think I'm gonna
make ya'll wait until the sneak peak
comes out because you know I don't want
to show you guys my full collection you
got away for the sneak peek next month
more about that is I don't know if I
should tell you guys the info on that
yet because I've been leaning like
giving you little hints about the new
series that's coming out but maybe if
this vlog gets let's do 3000 if this
vlog gets 2,000 lights and then I'll
tell you guys the full details of new
sneaker series coming to Crew TV so make
it happen y'all looking at the frame
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
that knows I ain't laugh
while I'm talking to is
