just cheating huh I'm not cheating I'm
just split really good good you ready
Christ are you ready I'm ready
what is up bro what's up guys I'm Kai
I'm Harris and today we're doing
something a little bit different from my
channel so what we're gonna do is we're
going to be playing NBA 2k15 we're gonna
play five games and every time one of us
loses a game we're gonna draw I dare
that you guys tweet it to us and we're
gonna draw it and we have to do that
there so like say you lose three times
that I lose twice since you have more
losses you have to draw an extra one so
it's best of five no it's not best of
five every time somebody loses their
drop so it's gonna be five dares and
then a sixth bonus there okay I like
bonuses okay so we're gonna play one
minute quarters it's kind of short but
we're gonna do it so that it goes by
quick as hot games is a lot of time and
it's which is doing the basic NBA 2k
rules so are you ready for this let's do
first team I'm going with this strong of
Indiana Pacers baby I'm gonna go with
the Bulls TG all right there we go
Game one I come out 31:17 in the other
Pacers now it is time for Harris to pull
a little dare from our hat shall we oh
it's just game one it's all right
they're number one
John I'd rather you draw it right you go
you pre-screen these right to make sure
there's nothing like weird I just kind
of I just wrote up a whole bunch down
and fake a shot take a shot of puddin
oh that's nasty that's about it up right
yeah good I present to you your shot of
toilet water
stripping it's clean though it's like
flush okay what if something pointless
it's okay come on it's a deer give the
family this is it like there's a water
runoff like that's nasty cuz your
regular water now now it's time for game
to do sit here we go Game two over guys
can get some Redemption I'm getting home
hashtag comeback season oh you pick
first loss time fun time all right go
Golden State baby y'all pick Milwaukee
Bucks Millie walking oh you know my boy
Stefan
Wow little bit Fenway
No yes thanks boy yeah you found him
recruit curry with the shot
dammit - point yourself a foul foul foul
foul foul foul foul
I win
only one by three guys but I live it's
there's just time to draw again from the
Hat it's all I told you you should have
shot more with dirty owe me anything bad
whoever put that first one call
McDonnells and ask about your missing
child call MacDonnell's this picnic
doodle after a road it is hello hi I
came in like 15 minutes ago I got the 20
piece chicken nuggets I'm wondering did
I leave my kid I came today I was
wondering if I left my kid in the
restaurant to par with you maybe one
wrench
my kid is a little short oh you know
he's not very bright like a light we
used to fight I don't know but I just
might Oh stupid bastard voice upstairs
hey Ben teleports say oh I'm so sorry
for calling you have good good night
looks like a piece of jet get the
battery ready you down - hey alright
listen I'm going to pick mellow mine
okay see cuz I'm gonna be a simona New
York I'm over titty check up on my farm
how are you gonna
melot melot you can't touch it
mellow baby you can't your male
tombstone oh yeah yeah yeah and there we
go again three the row get a full scoop
of mayo and a full scoop of ice cream
get it together in a same spoon Mayo
alright there you go that's the ice
cream come on we'll just pretend it's a
burger oh that's not even that much Mayo
oh my god just take it hold your dog
mate what's most of it
yo come on come on you didn't even eat
it at least either us as ice cream let's
throw a stronger well we'll let that one
go cuz he lost the first two anyway
really
alright this is game for guys so let's
go ahead and pick our teams I'm gonna go
with the Raptors baby
you can go Miami without LeBron here we
go your fourth quarter the game is 12 to
28 hit that I dare you shoot that so
Haslam makes a three that was hella love
you out of the year all of a sudden has
I'm gonna I'm not sure nobody
maybe he's hassling you really nigga be
Harris four in a row time for their
number four for Harris
Chiti no I'm not cheating I'm just
really good trying to break an egg with
your mouth Oh
fail no for dares last one last game
Game five
hey I'll make your deal if you win this
game well you all have to do the bonus
all right deal alright alright guys here
we go
Lakers heat the last game Game five
Lakers heat like you see here we go this
is the game we've been waiting for like
is he I'm gonna pick my purple jerseys
and Lakers he like you see Lakers Cavs
bro Wow I don't like they killed it
count it baby
they're like a baby cords for juicing
Hey ah
swanky funny oh if your pain oh good
oh yes the matchup Yahtzee baby ah
you're not gonna tie it a giftie you
should go visit - oh oh I got the laptop
who is it - who's a - his foot was not
on the line ready for takeoff
oh let's go
I got point six guy doesn't get one you
know I got the best
you write
Oh tea baby I don't know how to go soggy
baby psyche
no I know and so I can do for you he did
it for you help
let's go bullshit hi games put that
there first one lick the bottom of a
worn sneaker can I lick one of sides
next one get head-butted in the stomach
you're gonna do right now yeah I like it
here we go oh oh
ready once I make a heart perfect you a
hit and we're gonna do ready yeah
whatever the cow if you know what to say
you can't move with your hands behind
your back you ready ribs let's see what
sure we're gonna pick we're gonna pick
one that is by the door
he's like dog shit alright guys thank
you for watching the 2k dare challenge
for the record I don't have this game at
homes of I don't play all the time
thinking of us for watching make sure
you guys subscribe click that like
button for herons for doing all the
dares and being a nothing he wasn't a
poor sport so he was did like a champion
when you watch this video you're gonna
find out why I wanted to get my it isn't
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you'll know what I feel like got a
lot of wishes in my head when I hear
right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughed in
a while come talk to a wish
