what's up y'all
man welcome to another day welcome to
the best vlogs on the tube view of
YouTube in two of you I got had like
people coming through right now today is
another day of shooting a great video
for you guys great ideas come into life
today so we'll see who comes through
first I got everyone should be arriving
soon
oh I have we got victim number one no
thank you
back to high school get my credit
credentials on 21 Jump Street
so we doing it Afghan style we didn't
like eight people in one car older the
brain the Beast trying to get in okay
it's good over you guys already know we
had to come around table before we start
shooting you know twist right here see
that use from the twist
Oh what would you review this pizza oh
you know it's like the psychic scoop
shit he's got the shirt on the missing
home basketball is my bed if you all
forget the IG named Betty hada logo okay
so we're shooting the first scene for
the new video everyone's picking out
their v they're paying on two bonds
right now but you got the fifth row does
it go with some jay-z over paid on two
bonds
so everybody has played a girl and
earned their stripes in keopi and now is
Dustin thing down what do you guys think
I better be top 10 or higher ten of us
so you better be Sox Aniston is Bay
behind the scenes I don't really have a
100 one word
like one word to what to expect anything
just think of this is gonna be you and
hopefully he has a little hundred of it
swag
let's just let's just say amazing
amazing because you know we're all
amazing and you guys are all amazing
we're all amazing you're amazing he's
amazing call me destiny destiny hey yeah
so one way to describe sake vide real
honey describe so I get DD fashioned
Lord God okay this guy it's not you
ruined I was like a cheer a video with
Sean white coming on next week what's up
y'all this is the keopi inside swag and
Destin just got into a fight you know
hey I love you brawl you're doing a
really good job right there what you got
all black on what's up y'all so um I
didn't tell you guys this but I had
planned cuz they were around me so I
couldn't tell you guys but I just
pranked all of them they're kind of mad
right now and quiet what up guys so we
decided to end
with the poop race we rarely get to get
to get together get forget to get there
get together the hoop so we decided to
talk to the gym and get some hoop in the
whole squad swagga
some new stuff for the kids all art the
hell dusted traded on this and he got
picked up on the other team
and I play about you there's always
those annoying guys on the sidelines not
playing I messed up the game and we are
those guys right now
where is my recording
now
watch the jumper run don't be
disrespectful but like
hi so much sucks alright so we're hoping
I can't win a damn game if it is about
my day struggle is real right now so you
win some today we
I'm gonna get it boy get it boy get it
boy well you got it you got it you got
it you got it yep you good bruh I came
here you know you got that walk with you
coach Jim Cole Schwindt
you trained with Mayweather right yeah
everybody yeah go straight I'm working
Mac stuff all right guys so after
whooping we came to Wild Wings I didn't
vlog here I was tired but we went in
anyway it was a fun day I've gotta
finish shooting tomorrow but Harris
won't be here so I won't be here but we
got to finish the video tomorrow and
yeah shout out the SWAT shout out to fun
day today another day videos are coming
soon no dates yet but they will be
coming soon so I just know it's coming
make sure you guys click that thumbs up
at least - jeez a thumbs up come on now
make you have it and I will personally
come to your house and give you a hug of
the kiss yeah right there thumbs up and
my hair yeah two thousand four thousand
likes and he cuts his hair I cut my hair
and there's your little boy now I
recorded four thousand five thousand
likes and it gives me a kiss on the
cheek so high five new video thanks for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
you
