I randomly show them that you love them
that way they could show and know that
you appreciate them 365 rather than one
out of three six other youtubers die to
make themselves look all cute in the
vlogs and stuff in their lives you know
what some fans buy my t-shirt that's
because I'm cool but I'm just like
making myself look a good goofy ugly man
anyway welcome to another day of the
best vlogs on the internet and they
wasn't back from LA as if we I was there
for five months or something and we were
there for a day or whatever what am i
doing today honestly I don't have a
schedule what I'm doing today
probably nothing so if you guys are
willing to stick with me this whole day
and watch me do nothing then I'm gonna
try to make nothing look as entertaining
as possible so yeah thanks for watching
guys if you continue to watch this vlog
after this point then I appreciate you
and if you have left already then then
going home right now I should have a
package to unbox for you guys it was
delivered while I was in LA crap out but
I needed I wanted them before LA so I
could wear them but it didn't happen
shut up why is the radio one only listen
to the radio the next two seconds should
be me up opening the box
Selam people we're going to the movies
right now about to go watch The Wedding
ringer but you've been excited about and
we're waiting to come back home so we
could watch it we'll give you a quick
movie review after we watch it got some
Wendy's gonna sneak it into the theaters
pretty packed but it was either this or
American sniper and we were in the mood
for some comedy right yeah yeah okay so
yeah let's go see we'll give you a quick
review after the movies all said and
done what's up guys so the movie just
ended stopping by target of course you
know that's what we do anyway movie
review time I give the movie a good
review I thought it was pretty funny a
lot of people don't like Kevin Hart's
movies they just like to stand up and
stuff I liked it it was pretty good what
do you think give it a 7 out of 10 I
thought was pretty funny it's definitely
something to go watch it's not like I
wouldn't wait till it comes to DVD I
would go watch it now so definitely go
check it out I'm gonna go use the
bathroom Habibi up near me breaking news
targets Valentine's Day section is now
open for business so let's look at the
cool stuff that they have here I like
this this is something I would if I was
a girl and I was trying to date so
Harris I definitely get them this and
put it with this right here get them a
little star wars a gift pack you know
I'm saying I'm not a real big believer
in Valentine's Day right you don't
really care about Valentine's what I was
trying to say is that Valentine's Day is
like Mother's Day and Father's Day you
shouldn't show someone you love them one
day of the year you should show it every
day okay but it's a commercial holiday
so that you go out and buy products and
waste your money Christmas is different
there's a reason why you celebrate it
it's the birth of your person Jesus
uh-huh so I celebrate Valentine's Day
because it's the birth of love what I'm
trying to say is that you know you can
give somebody this green teddy bear oh
it's a frog you can buy somebody that's
on Valentine's Day but they're expecting
it so why not do it another day a random
day randomly show them that you love
them
that way they could show and know that
you appreciate them 365 rather than one
out of three six just floating by with a
Valentine hi that's good get that one
can but you know in elementary school I
used to give all the hoes my my
Valentines Day cards so everybody has
their favorite cereal you know what I'm
saying everybody eats cereal my favorite
cereal was discontinued its cereal my
favorite cereal was discontinued years
ago and they bring it back once a while
but they always brought it back and they
never kept it in its original form a
couple weeks ago I was in our like last
week we're at Target and then they
brought it back ladies and gentlemen I
present to you the best cereal of all
time french toast crunch and the reason
why I didn't like it when it was brought
back last time was because they didn't
make it in the bread shape they made it
in the cinnamon toast crunch form but
I'm doubling up right now because I
finished me doubling up right now
because this is fire so if you guys want
some fire cereal hit up target they got
that french toast grease off didn't use
a bot to cop by the way so we're gonna
end this vlog with something a new
segment called sneakerheads life hacks
okay then you guys know I'm a big
sneaker head dog show them the mess down
here but you took I'm gonna give you
three sneakerhead life hacks and then if
you guys enjoyed them
what's a hat like a hack you know like a
life hack like a secret way to make life
easier okay if you guys do enjoy this
you know a thumbs up and we will do more
sneaker head life hacks I know some of
you aren't sneakers and some of you are
but I
so why not okay the first thing is I
know a lot of sneaker heads they have
shoes like me that the boxes just pile
up okay and another big thing about me
is I like to display my kicks I don't
like to put them all in boxes but some
you know they don't fit on my shelves
like they won't they just don't go they
don't reach there so one of the things
you can do what your stacked boxes is a
lot of people stack them like that and
you can only put one shoe at the top you
can always do every like three shoes a
lot of shoe and leave this out a little
bit not too much and you got yourself a
shoe this way a lot of sneaker stores do
this in their back warehouse so that
they could see what shoes are in the box
you know what I'm saying
the second life hack I can't really
demonstrate it because I don't have it
right now but to clean the bottom of my
shoes just for a quick clean I use a
lint roller like the one to take lint
off I just do it on the bottom of my
shoe and it really gets the job done I
don't have one right now but that's me
why are you telling these secrets just
it's life hacks you know it's just some
advice for the new sneaker heads in the
world are you nobody actually told me
that I came up with them myself so yeah
lint rollers to clean the bottom of your
shoe if you want to get some quick dust
off of there or something like that and
then the third life hack is not really a
life hack it's just that my records the
recommendation for a shoe cleaner I use
Jason mark just want a new bottle really
good shoe cleaner I if you are asked
wondering how I keep my shoes clean I
use this and I probably clean my shoes
like once a month I wear my shoes I
don't clean them after every where I
clean them like once after there really
be and dirty shoes are meant to be worn
shoes are meant to be creatures are
meant to be dirty I am going to show you
guys my whole sneaker collection in the
next monthly pickup so just wait on that
because you guys got 3000 likes on the
other monthly pickups and yeah that's it
thank you for watching today's vlog I
know it wasn't the best but tomorrow's
will be good so
for amazing Campbell work from my camera
lady and yeah
like sub subscribe subscribe like thumbs
up
live live life like life ah perps
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal then
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like
that a lot of voices in my head wanna
hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only ones and those ain't laughs in
a while I'll talk to a whiz
