so you guys as a disco I'm not part of
the wagon
besides the leader by the way I'd rather
be a leader than a follower shut up guys
another beautiful day in LA Paris la for
the beautiful weather the people want to
know if you found the vvw last night
Buffalo wallers vww okay so I go all
white the next day no hopefully no
traffic now it should be good Dustin
driver DD any words really yes I wish we
can stay longer but we still got the day
but actually real hollywood's of
Housewives of Hollywood okay
shouts oh boy young Jaime okay time to
go to Santa Monica I'm gonna eat shop in
place make a left with legends someone
wants more cameras let's start this
journey of a blog I think we should
start a petition to STOP lit business
there's nowhere else you guys as a disco
I'm not part of whack drags the leader
I'd rather be a leader than a follower
Oh ash is the middle finger crew I'm the
one so we are eating right now hey this
is my go to Santa Monica okay so I'm
gonna enjoy my pizza guys but he's
walking around 30 right now doing some
shopping but hit bought some stuff from
PacSun and they hit his bag while we
were doing a little photo shoot so he's
panic you know what don't have the
height oh she's right there that was the
most important for so good yeah you know
oh um oh we all crew nigga thought I
told you yeah all right so I'm Santa
Monica
some guys at tranzact pictures would be
yeah you get a picture yeah nice to meet
you man
so I ran into some fans a best few logs
on the on the net me yourself yourself
you guys yeah yes I got something okay
Thank You Man thank you
it's a video you want to picture yeah
yeah
hey that guy with the 100 yeah thank you
yeah I don't like you jump them from the
what up guys so we left Santa Monica and
as much as I love LA you know I've lived
here before you know I got mad love for
the city as well as the city loves me
they had to take it the mayor actually
gave me a key to the city last year but
one thing I can't stand about LA is this
the traffic now so I what's your
thoughts on the traffic
thanks anyway now we're going to a store
called
Holy Grail where they have sneaker while
you spend Spain never going to a sword
called film I shoot over time bro I'm
gonna drop it from the team I'm really
gonna drop you from the theater anyways
so I guess they're big god I lost my
train of thought
Dever Dale anywhere food store called
Holy Grail so it's a sneaker shot
actually oh that's lucky unless you
it's no middle finger there so you know
she's in a good mood okay anything else
you wanna include don't ever fix coffee
with confidence
a side note last the last vlog did it
have any like 100 edits or it's gonna
have the 1-800 Harris cuz I rushed and
edited it in like an hour just so you
guys can have it up so side note anyway
alright we're gonna go back to not
talking in the car we've only thought
since the vlog camera turn on so
so after an hour of driving we finally
made it to this store holy ground right
by Staples Center like sniffing
something's right there we bout to go
inside and check out what they got holy
crap pretty tight nicely look at Jordan
and alright it's the old Chuck
let's go in so no push I'll shut up mom
what is that
sure enough but so slide pots and shoes
from Holy Grail
Darry
sleepy wait we'll leave you guys waiting
hip this ball gets
three thousand lights then he'll show
you what I bought we're at Hooters right
now Harris has a crush on our waiter
Weiner waitress maybe
anyway this is our last stop and we're
leaving La it was a fun one day 2j one
and a half day trip got a long ride home
hopefully it's smooth sailing from there
correct no okay anyway
so we're gonna go up and around what up
guys we just made our first stop at a
gas station and this is gonna be the
last clip that I record for this vlog so
I want to thank you guys for joining our
journey in Los Angeles that's why I just
woke up so he's a little cranky don't
mind him harris is walking into the car
door dusting and snacking Terry Crews
anyway thank you guys for watching give
us a nice little thumbs up for this vlog
see you guys tomorrow
and yeah one hundred you're getting 100
before you leave enough I'll give him
one word what priceless looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
