three how modest horses and this get low
speaking Farsi I just look for Steve
like 30 minutes put it up that I know my
did you wear clothes feels like we said
yeah that has no gold on it no I wasn't
home when you guys sexy me like the good
a ligature wow look at you
that look at us Oh pepperoni Chronicles
show chocolates please from this part so
y'all can't say that he too old for
spring system Modesto and he gives us
pepperoni like
as you guys can tell so I guess our
nowhere to be found
but that's walking like swag swag is
back in hibernation guys so you won't
see him for a while
Paris how do you feel what are your
thoughts on so I could Diddy's absence
from the group you know I feel like it's
very disrespectful especially after 9/11
a few a we had them all right now you
know every time we link up we do to the
pizza we do malls Harris has to go to a
meeting in like 30 minutes so he's gonna
abandon me and and Dustin so we're just
gonna stay at the mall so Harris left an
hour ago he said he was only gonna be
gone for 45 minutes it's been gone for
an hour we're trying to kill time we
don't know what to do he came to target
you know swag sleeps a lot and we
actually found his bed at Target swag be
like we can also act too hard today but
he deserves it he's not it was not here
bro he's busy too busy for us you guys
gotta see this video that I made about
swag so I'm gonna play right now and
then Dustin said that he should get this
thing for his rooms strikes coming out
strikes trying to be a boxer now so
funny guys just wait on it but anyway
I'm about to cop this katniss everdeen
bow and arrow I thought it was freakin
sick and I have to get it because
what up guys we're at Harrison's house
right now of his please not show my room
we're trying it was way Messier we're
calling swag let's see if he picks up
right now he's not gonna pick up I
thought that was a little connection was
connecting are you that link with Mooji
my cousins
well yeah yeah
we've got you this row we've got you
this this the Penguins holding hands at
Christmas hat this is only the good
thing in your closet right here
Harris needs a makeover come on Brett
if Harris catches this I'm gonna buy him
Donuts tonight ooh nice Hey
I told you it's freaking loud in here my
camera died so I'm using my phone I need
to look at the camera that's up to the
phone okay and so we decided to come
always and I got this ricky rubio jersey
hey guys here's this song just came on
helping us guys please help aris he
needs to do music send it to the PIO box
and only about a week ago
okay guys so we're ending the night with
some BJ's here not those kind of BJ's
get your mind out of the gutters again
shout out to everyone so full of BJ's
the deuces do screws swag gloves the
deuces guys anyway so this is the last
time we're gonna be together until we go
to LA on Thursday we're going to LA as a
crew the group we've accumulated our
bodies together yes so we're going to LA
because two of our favorite players Kobe
and LeBron are facing each other for the
first time in years because Kobe was out
last season and LeBron just switches
teams so it's kind of hard for them to
match up and and I'm just kidding I love
LeBron - but I always wanted to see that
matchup and we've been wanting to go for
so long now and we finally bought
tickets box seats catches there we're
gonna have a good time you should be fun
times and we'll take you along for the
journey right actually first
gambia interrupt me
it's our first game like nasty ball game
together Miami game we're gonna sit
together we'll be sitting together in
the box chillin gettin hot dogs each
other's hot dogs Wow
anyway that's why you want to give him a
100 you know you haven't got 100 in a
minute so ladies and gentlemen saga
Diddy make your brain shiver doctor said
my birthday guys by the way it's my
birthday so happy birthday to me thank
you - yeah Sarah thank you Sarah
sorry here we go here's my hundred
red fish blue fish one fish two fish
don't forget the finish it up for me
the swordfish helped parents come up
with better one under it and get him new
music guys okay I'm about to go in on my
pizookie is my birthday she gave me two
it's not really my birthday but we told
her it's hard for my birthday she knows
it's not my birthday but she's hopefully
shouldn't get fired for this so all
right I'm going in guys faces looking at
the frame they don't see my vision
pictures always change but I stay on my
mission got the same goal same feeling
when I'm doing but I'm coming at it from
a different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cause I smile
the only ones and those ain't laughs in
a while come talk to us
