what's up crew TV welcome back to
monthly pickups I know it's been a
minute since we have done this but we're
back again 2015 ready to be here every
single month for you guys with the
latest apparel pickups and sneaker
pickups from yours truly I'm Kai store
for those of you guys who don't know me
this is the first time that I've been
doing this in a bottle a few months I
think it's been since July and I want to
apologize again for being absent but I
thought we'd start 2015 off with a
little bang and bring it back for you
guys and do it better than ever as you
guys can see my location is a little
different I'm at the open field flagship
store out here in Hayward I thought I'd
switch up the setting throughout this
and being at home and you guys know that
holyfield has been lacing me up with
some dope apparel since they started and
I had to show some love too like I said
they've been lacing me up so what we did
is we dropped this collab tee that is
available right now on their website it
is the own filth collab tea with QoP
check it out it says dream a little more
on the front this is actually the first
drawing that DaVinci made of the
helicopter so it kind of gives you an
idea of what I stand for and kind of
what the brand stands for as far as
chasing your dreams and doing what you
love so it's a super dope idea behind
this shirt you got the own filled logo
on one sleeve and then you've got the
dream crew of seven logo on the other
sleeve and again if you want to pick up
this super limited shirt hit up the
website yeah man they're gonna sell out
fast so make sure you guys hop on it now
usually what I do monthly pickups I've
got my apparel and my sneakers like I
said but today since I haven't done it
in a while I have months worth of
apparel that I would take hours to show
you guys so I decided to just bring in
my sneakers that I actually picked
from the month of December now this is
not everything that I've picked up from
the past few months it's the last
monthly pickups but let's make a deal
if you guys could get this monthly
pickups 3000 thumbs up I'll show you
guys my entire sneaker collection on the
next month's monthly pickups but until
then these aren't just my December
pickups like I said so let's go ahead
and get into it because I don't want to
bore you guys we're talking I know you
guys are here for the things that I put
on my feet before I get into these
sneakers let me show you guys what I
have on my feet right now another pickup
from the month of December take these
off these are the LeBron twelve Nike I
DS this is the first pair of LeBron
twelves that I got and the theme I was
going for with these shoes was the
original Cavs colorway with a little
hint of gold instead of yellow I wanted
to pretty much just make a simple
colorway that matches his a Cavs uniform
it kind of commemorates him coming back
to the Cavs and leaving Miami so I went
with a simple maroon body bull detailing
navy blue soft liner and then of course
we got the crude what does this one say
oh no not this one I say I put crude
life on the other shoe but this one says
grandma one of one with the oh seven on
the inside and I'm really happy that
night he brought back the stitching on
the Nike ID if you guys remember from
old monthly pickups I had a rant about
how they made Nike IDs hella cheap and
it got a lot of views and maybe I was
responsible for them bring in to
stitching back but there it is doing
this in there I'm more of a low top guy
so I don't know if I could open either I
kind of learned
to see how they feel yeah man Nike ID'd
LeBron shot to the plug can't tell you
what the plugs at but now let's get into
these one of the releases that I was
anticipating all year long was
definitely the black infrared Jordan
sixes I'm sure a lot of you guys were a
lot of people complained about the pink
on here or the red or the infrared as
they call it but personally I like it
you know every once in a while you can't
just go with the original colorway you
got to switch it up a little bit and add
a little bit of flavor to it so that you
know what year it came from rather than
just releasing the same thing over and
over and over again and not being able
to recognize what year that shoot came
from just from looking at it from afar
you know if you see somebody like all
those Oh 2014 infrared and then I think
the last one was 2010 infrareds or
something so these came out to like 175
plus attacks but definitely super doshu
like happy day with these speeds and
probably my favorite Jordan pickup of
December if not the whole year another
pick up one of my favorite pickups of
the whole year
the mellow Jordan one you see the Carmel
around the time they also released the
Chris Paul version they released the
Blake Griffin and they're gonna release
Russell Westbrook version they started
releasing these without a release date
they just started throwing these at the
foot lockers and foot actions and once I
found that out I called all my malls and
they weren't giving me any info and I
finally called the mall that was
actually near Harris's house but they
said that they actually had him so I had
a Harris who lives an hour away from me
and I asked him to pick it up for me and
he went and luckily he was able to get
my
prepare and himself up there so shout
out the Harris for being the plug on
these definitely the best part about
this is the different materials on here
you got like that suede and then the
regular gold leather and then up here
you got like a mesh so they did a pretty
good job on this I don't even know what
these are called honestly I just really
like this colorway I've been really
really satisfied with some Jordans that
they've released the past month which
you guys know me I'm not a big Jordan
goggle or a Kobe guy this is past month
they really and releasing some good
stuff definitely but did pick up for the
month of December and then the last
Jordan pick up for the month of December
of course is the shoe that people
getting killed over and going crazy over
is the Colombia's or as they call it now
legend blues this is not a shoe people
should go crazy over in my opinion
honestly it's a dope shoe that you
should have in your collection but it's
not a shoe that you should be paying
more than 250 for in my opinion the
materials aren't even that great
honestly the leather is kind of cheap on
here the patent leather is always going
to be the same not my favorite pickup of
the year it's not my favorite 11 and I
would actually like a more of different
planet age a little bit and
I love that look though if you look
rather than this crispy nice looks I got
him on finish line comm if I wasn't able
to cop these I honestly wouldn't even be
that disappointed so alright this shoe
right here a lot of people have their
opinions on these back to the future - I
guess you could call them mags but
they're not the official Nike version
this is the Halloween version the one
that you wear for Halloween costume
it's from Halloween costumes calm I
think let's keep it real how many of us
are actually gonna pay frickin 5000 for
the Nike version of them you know these
ones are only a hundred bucks and
they're still available to get if you
guys want to get them for the average
person like me who's never gonna buy
mags this is fine it's not a fake it's
licensed by Universal Pictures so say
what you want how many warm actually I
wore them for New Year's I thought I'd
bring in 2015 with the bang you know and
as you can see yeah air air max I might
even draw sushant myself all a better
day alright two more shoes left here one
of them is in this box as you can see a
Dita's I'm not a big adidas guy but
definitely wanted to pick these up a
couple months ago in the adidas launched
an app where you can upload your own
picture on there and you could pretty
much put anything on there with their
approval and I thought it was a pretty
dope idea and I actually had a promo
code with the Divas I put dream crew all
over the shoe and inside of dream crew
on one of the lines I put little parts
of little pictures that meant
a lot to me like I put like once it
means Europe once the one when I met
Kobe just mean my homies my dad my mom
so everything is actually like that
represents about life and stuff like
that I decided to put it into the shoe
and I thought it was a stove idea so
shout out to Akitas for making this
possible and I actually got these for
only 90 bucks suprisingly and the shoes
are pretty comfortable
I really do suggest people hop on this
my Jesus and take advantage of making
your own shoe and I posted them on my
Instagram a lot of people liked them and
they said they would cop if I release
these but obviously I don't have a mass
production of these so they're never
coming out but if you want to make your
own that's a dream crew go ahead and
send me the picture
I wish Nike ID does this but they send
you a little duffel bag too but not a
duffel bag but a little dust bag so if
Nike I heated this that would definitely
get some extra brownie points but you
know regardless I'm gonna mess with Nike
my last pickup of December 2014 one of
my favorite pickups of the year a big
shout-out to the man himself Kobe Bryant
for passing up MJ becoming the third
highest scorer in NBA history and to do
that night Ivelisse a special Nike ID
quick street within a few hours I think
it's old output I did hop on it and I
did the same exact colorway that he wore
when he did pass up MJ these are the
Kobe what are the Kamala moments mama
moments I bring it fart right there guys
the Kobe mama mom made a lot of people
hating on the bottom so with that little
purple camel print but I really like I
love the hint of the fall to green on
the inside I did definitely the numbers
that of his scoring and then on the
other one that was left her luck blank I
did the kv-5 rings I didn't want to
change anything on the shoe I could have
changed it myself but I don't want to
change anything on the show I just
wanted to keep this to the original
colorway that he played in top three
shoes that I picked up in 2014 again
shout out to Nike shot Kobe what do you
guys think was my best pickup of the
year a lot of people would say it was
this but I honestly don't think it was I
think it was the Kobe's let me know what
you guys think I want to know your guys
opinions and that's all the pickups for
the month of December hope you guys
enjoyed let me know which one was your
favorite pick up like I said and even if
you guys comment down below and let me
know what you guys picked up for
December or actually comment down below
let me know what was your favorite pick
up of 2014 for your own collection but
before I go I want to show you guys a
little bit more about own filth and get
you guys to see some of the more
products that are available on the
website that you guys can check out of
anything else into plugs before we leave
oh yeah juju comm check out my website I
got sneakers on there I got my crew
season shirts on there now that's good
to know
oh it filled a little bit more my name
is Jasper I'm the owner of Alf high
fashion Shakira Weber intelligent band
back in 2011 coke filth is actually
spelled hae even pronounce the H is
silent it's a Spanish name means dental
hi easy to go the poker tour but we
mixed it with oatmeal so it is high and
buildings of bottom so technically it's
like the opposite of each other so you
start from the bottom you come to the
top you work you know you do what you
have to do to get fine household work to
get you where you want to be in life
follow us on instagram is oat filth H a
ute fil th Sandra Twitter and ever the
website
okay calm looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head wanna hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
that knows I ain't laughs in a while I'm
talked to always
