good morning guys this is the second
time I'm recording this cuz I'm an idiot
and I had the mic off quick summary of
what's going on jocks they called me
this morning and he said hey do you want
to come help how about Foot Locker with
this with this thing they're doing in
downtown where they're giving people
sneakers and stuff like that and I was
like you know what let's do it let's
give back to the community so I'm
heading over there now
nice hi yeah I don't even know what I'm
supposed to do here guys honestly I
don't know what's going on but we out
here Brad one of the reasons why I
agreed to do this is because I found out
that I'm gonna be wearing a footlocker
referee shirt and that's always been a
dream of mine so your boy is getting a
job at footlocker I get my stripes today
let me tell you guys what's going on cuz
I just got the rundown basically this is
a crazy thing going on I had no idea
what it was basically forth out over
4,000 people have been lining up since
yesterday over there not the footlocker
employees behind them over there they've
been lining up since last night
basically they start off right here a
footlocker employee grabs them and takes
them to get their shoe size they split
up from their parents their parents go
elsewhere and basically as you can see
the kids get escorted by a footlocker
employee and they take them to get their
shoe size and then they go inside the
here in the inside this building they go
inside that building and then they get
some shoes and I just looked in there
and there's actually some heat in there
like brand new Jordans brand new LeBrons
retros all that stuff so they actually
get a dope pair of shoes and then after
that they come try them on at this tent
and then after that they come over here
and they get passed along to another
volunteer and they get closed school
supplies free in and out so like this is
crazy I didn't even know this thing
happened but I guess this is like 20
plus years that this has been going on
with footlocker so I'm gonna actually
help out and I'm gonna be one of the
footlocker employees and and you know
swag out some of these kids so this is
have some fun
alright guys I got my stripes finally
let's just say striper in training I
didn't get the job yet I got a train
first but got the GoPro right oh thank
you thank you my boy right here is gonna
be taking care of me look at this line
though oh my god alright guys so these
are the three homies right here you guys
ready all right let's get it there's
some fire in there I'm telling you guys
you guys gonna get some heat today
you know like Jordan okay they grow up
so fast we have to pass them along to go
get some clothing now but we're back in
line and we're gonna get some more kids
to take them to get some more sneakers
there's honestly some heat in there guys
like these kids are walking away with
some retros and like 1312 Cadiz the
bronze every like I even saw royal ones
in there that's crazy yo what up bro hey
what up guys
what'd you get oh my god that's fire hey
hey what about you guys what'd you get
that's fire huh all right guys I've been
having so much fun here so many kids
leaving with some dope shoes
shoutout to footlocker shoutout to
Jacque Slade for inviting me and calling
me this morning to come through I don't
know where he is I think I'm gonna see
him in a little bit
okay guys so I'm gonna head out of here
because your boy got a clock out you
know I'm saying actually they took away
my Jersey and they took away my lanyard
because your boy got fired for vlogging
and I'm just kidding I didn't get fired
it's times up for me I'm about to go get
some food I need to upload my vlog so I
need to find some wife actually I have
wife on my phone so I could do that but
you know a shout-out to a footlocker for
having me
shoutout to Cousteau for calling me this
morning and inviting me
I really really appreciate him for that
and yeah yeah that's doing man you do
good
all right guys your boy just pulled up
to nice kicks la I'm gonna check out
what they have because I haven't been
here for a minute I've been walking
around because I don't have my car the
car is in the shop I get it
hopefully soon and I can show it to you
guys because nobody knows what it is I
want to go back home early because I
need to do laundry and stuff because I
leave tomorrow morning for the Bay Area
because the Bay Area pop-up is on
Saturday at Sol supremacy my first ever
pop-up in the Bay Area
you know the Bay Area's home social
supremacy was my first ever sneaker
store that I would went to like locally
it was my favorite spot when I lived out
there so I'm really excited to be having
my pop up there shout out to the social
supremacy family Sunday is gonna be at
Ben had those in Phoenix you know
Phoenix always shows me love too so
these are two of the last four stops on
the tour
Oh what's up girl no parking wow you
look cute
thank you long time long time where you
been so busy
your boy traveling I forgot what I was
saying but I want to show you guys
something man because I'm low-key pissed
these right here this is my second time
wearing these I just got these from
Sacramento this is the retro new
generation the bronze if you didn't know
and this morning when I went to go put
them on I noticed that the laces were
kind of messed up and I was like oh
maybe it was laced wrong but then I saw
this right here you see that the little
that's the lace loop it ripped so now I
can't lace my sneakers correctly
and wait so now I can't lace my sneakers
collect correctly this thing like ripped
off so it's like when I tied it it went
all the way over here and like come on
Nike I don't I just said the other day I
don't want to throw shots at you but
like what kind of qualities that why
would this rip on my second wear that
ever I'm still wearing my shoes
malfunction oh shoot yeah I just bought
these to see it's it's a bad sign don't
ever wear LeBrons again anyway guys it's
been a minute haven't seen Mickey but
should we tell them what we're doing or
are we even gonna start it okay so in
Atlanta me and Mickey said that we want
to do a weight loss challenge versus
each other but we haven't had time to
like link up and do a weigh-in maybe
tonight or maybe over FaceTime we have
to use the same scale you gotta use the
same schedule you can use I mean weigh
yourself at the same scale I'll weigh
myself on the same scale and then
I think you kind of got to wear the same
outfit like what you wearing naked we're
gonna play something crazy on the line
though like it's not five pounds it
should be my percentage of body weight
okay cuz that's the most fair because I
have more weight to losing you do yeah
you can only do so much and the high can
probably lose more because I'm bigger
okay what's on the line we said it's a
big big prize because we really won't
get worth it
last I recall somebody said five
thousand five thousand dollars and shoes
and shoes and shoe credit yeah so
going down is real
oh my god I really do not know what the
hell is wrong with me literally three
times today I filmed and I had the mic
off and I talked so much doing all of
those takes and I'm just so annoyed
right now okay basically what I said was
a whole bunch of rambling but the most
important part I'm giving away the babe
phone case and I'm giving it away on my
new Instagram merch account so I just
created the account dream crew merch
it's gonna be about you know new dream
crew products merch updates restocks
features you know all that good stuff
it's all about the crew merch I'm gonna
give this away to one person who follows
the account so all you have to do is
follow the account I'll link it down
below
do not DM it do not comment on it well
you can comment if you want but you know
the only way you can win is if you just
follow me that's it follow that account
that's it you don't have to DM me or
anything that's pretty much it so this
vlog was pretty short compared to the
amount of the the length of the vlogs
that I've been uploading recently and I
still want to know how do you guys feel
about the vlogs being longer lately do
you guys enjoy the 15 to 20 minute vlog
please tweet me let me know because your
guys's feedback is what helps me figure
out what to do with this with this
channel I'm leaving to the Bay Area in a
few hours so I'm like packing over there
I don't even know why I unpacked because
I literally only come to LA for like two
three days and then I pack up and leave
again a lot of exciting things are in
the works man I had some meetings today
that I'm very very excited about because
there's some dope dope projects that
possibly could be happening very very
soon we are a hold on we are a hundred
and fifty thousand subscribers away from
wait we might be at 155 hold on let me
check yep we are a hundred and forty
five thousand subscribers away from 1
million subs so if you are new to this
channel please with your way so if that
was a rope that was a bad joke please
subscribe and join the crew so we can
hit 1 million subscribers I've been
to do this all year long and I feel like
we are gonna do a very very soon so
please subscribe if you're new to the
channel and yeah man that's pretty much
it
Bay Area pop-up this weekend in Phoenix
pop up this weekend you know what it is
I'm not gonna promote it I feel like
I've been promoting off Aloha thank you
guys for watching hit that thumbs up
subscribe if you're new all that good
stuff and I'll see you guys tomorrow
dream cool space out
