you must good eye bhuminjaya cigar
what up people welcome to the best vlogs
on YouTube Paris in the house standing
four foot four alright guys I'll just
check the beer box we got two things
right now first off is this box from Ray
on my shawl I hope I said that right
thank you I'm not open right now and
Jasmine Lopez so we're gonna check this
out yeah the cue yeah it is oh hold on
this is the fold what Merry Christmas
appreciate you so much James who
established from Fremont Dennis that's
us right there on the back look at that
this is freakin sick this is probably
the sickest thing I've ever received
no disrespect anybody else oh this is
sick is it going on my wall for sure
that is thank you I love it thank you
this is to say I wish I would've got
this before Christmas but it's all good
I checked my box like thank you put this
right here all day and it's going to my
room when I get home okay sound machine
thanks guys when I shoot the three
friends another year older look at all
those job belated birthday we love your
videos and nothing was the same crew
season keopi
you the best Ryan and Jonah Jonah Jonah
mash up yonder I will follow you right
now these are all going on my wall just
got the SF guys we're about to go pick
up two special guests that are going to
be hanging out with us all day we're
gonna go like ice skating and hold hands
and circle jerk and just kiss makeup
cocky yeah since this is actually the
last vlog that's going up over the year
so I'm gonna ask you guys at
end-of-the-year
Q&A right now you guys ready oh yeah
okay here we go movie of the year
yeah okay so I go first so I don't know
what just rugs in it would be like Dumb
and Dumber one on at home on DVD
interstellar that's what you were gonna
say okay interstellar my hair movie I
say interstellar - okay let's see what
part - I was gonna say album of the year
but you'd probably be say something that
came out of 2000 like 10 music boy so
Drive okay that's a forest don't drive
right now
a crew TV Rookie of the Year there's a
lot of new people - crew crew TV Chris
Cameron
yg I made my head no kind of been
another game for a while I'm gonna go
with Pam because he for the dad
friend said he did have to go with Chris
yeah I love chickens I'm gonna go in the
Rookie of the Year yeah I'm gonna go
with - people love her so the Mahmud
brother's back he's putting it on Drake
put on Toronto right - terrible cop
making it live so we're about to go eat
first things first you know how we do we
always see music badasses we got to have
food in our system and you know of
course what else are we gonna freakin
evilly come to San Francisco it's pizza
these guys are like getting all romantic
and shit back here like but is it Sex in
the City four guys four guys one city
I just meant four guys one city Harris
would be the only one that watches that
shit under 30 and knows the characters
suspect so the people want to know where
have you been
for all of you wished me to get better
than you and yes a month months worth of
that's it then
I don't know so swag went missing again
he was only here for about a couple
hours and they disappeared maybe we'll
see him in about about a month ago let's
leave that in 2014 please
this is this vlog the last vlog of the
year bro oh it is yeah I pulled you that
in the car happy news everyone
merry Hanukkah happy Merry Christmas
Easter leave the Warwick anyway we're in
the San Francisco Center Mall we're
about to go all the way to the top
because this is like 12 stories I
believe I don't know it could be wrong
I've showed you guys before
hey who came up with the mom movement
this guy right here man shoutout to the
plug shall dr. kind for the what do you
call me Harris has agreed to jump if you
guys get 2,000 likes 2,000 likes I'm
gonna jump it i'ma grab onto this wire
and I'm gonna swing on to the other side
okay Jackie Chan Jackie can you do your
own stunts I do I'm stunts okay Hamid
what do you think about Harrison Raji's
relationship
the little fuzz say I in you must good
eye Bumi the Johnny yeah that this is
let's get out of here but oh it's kind
of get out for six news from the six
okay guys as you can see I decided to
purchase the hat that I asked you about
in the last vlog and actually nobody
replied to my thing in the comments they
all approved except hater over here in
the red sweater smoking the bear only
you can prevent forest fires we're about
to go put our bags away right now and
then we're gonna go ice skate and hold
hands and who's never ice skated you
have it you have it I'm not gonna have
you once you you had your night Dustin's
a hater bro you guys ice kid okay oh by
my bed the mobile brothers are making
power moves I know okay I'll catch you
people you going up see you how you been
fab are you are you
laughing all the way bells on bobtail
spirits what fun it is to ride and sing
a sleighing we all just did it your turn
truth or dare dare find a girl and come
back and hold their hands going around
once
what if she's not with it just find the
gums like can you hold my hand for one
round go I said the old minute I know
Oh suspect for the enemy I'm a fucking
rip your face off bitch
well mood Brothers after dark welcome to
here some lunch here boy swag
we're gonna meet some new people today
ready here we go hey those are my
friends just met today they're really
great people
hey come on man you got it come on let's
see their tricks you got some tricks
okay what's your name in Spencer I'm
here with Spencer my boy in SF he just
taught me how to roller skate right now
we're SS cake ice skate this is my boy
Jeff right here Harris signing out I
love you guys
merry christmas happy new day in the
city we are finally heading out gonna
drop off and watch either my boot
brothers at they at their hotel if you
guys didn't know automated yg started
their channel so subscribe to them check
it out man and watch e have higher stuff
coming soon power not coming soon
already toda here they only got a few
blocks up so any last words guys I'm
gonna see you guys in a better days but
but they're happy new year happy new
yeah this is last fall
happy new year everyone we love you guys
thank you for watching our lives and hit
that like button subscribe likes
subscribe finish it off with your line
of the day people die no no I'm gonna
say bad weren't your performative
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I
still my mission got the same goal same
feeling what I'm doing but I'm coming
down from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like
that a lot of voices in my head when I
hear right you must think it's all good
cuz I smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while I'm talked to is
