Harris give me any good up let me get a
cup G let me give I know I see anybody I
see ya
once you take your shirt off
what opposed what are your thoughts on
that dunk my milk mustache you've met it
what up guys we are in Modesto when this
is a digital recording device it records
moments to put together on video footage
and I send it back to my homeland so my
family over there knows that I'm
against everyday watch it oh damn it no
wonder why they said they haven't been
able to do anything with the footage
anyway we're in my downtown Modesto
about to get shot out here we're about
to go to the movies right now
there's come on but are you doing good a
shot no hey hey we can't show too much
of those y'all see in the monthly
pickups monthly triggers coming where's
that dropping every miss my job before
my yeah but the movies right now and we
are about to watch Horrible Bosses I've
seen it already but I'm gonna watch it
again
you saw it will fit into each other I'll
go it's hella funny we can laugh before
everyone else are you gonna be the
hostess for this
yeah but anyway funny business oh for
sure honey what up guys so the movie
just ended and I I mean I'm not gonna
give you my opinion cuz I've seen him
before but Harris found his sled hold on
we're done focused right here recording
yes
and Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had a
very shiny nose there you go and if you
ever saw him some you'll be saying it
but like a light bulb
you know when the TV goes like that's on
the wrong Channel that's what a sweater
is Oh
oh my god why don't you tell me we're
gonna name it snap crackle and pop nice
can you give us one more Christmas Carol
sir yes I'm on the fourth day of
Christmas my true love gave to me four G
strains three almost my thing by 35 five
nipple rings full G strings three some
things to temperature and a one big
dinga Ling Ling but I don't know this is
a parking ticket I feel like I'm in
Chicago again I feel like I'm in Chicago
again yeah I know you had two that
didn't you know I knew you had that in
you somebody come look at this
oh yeah you mean another one poor she'll
drunk one for the car please but please
buy this guy some new music 5 sauce I
swear to get someone else to music in
cases a few bucks yeah please send
Harris
seriously guys so here's some new music
and itunes giftcard something in the p
o-- box this guy's still listening the
newest song he just downloaded was
burned for me by one direction so ok but
yeah good amazing when did that come out
though when did that come out
but other than that album the every time
he puts on his music it's like 808s and
heartbreak or or some old old music
synthesis anyway heartbreaks swag bro
and when somebody finds him please
contact us via Twitter or something and
let us know I've been hitting him up I
think you got one of these phones he
downgraded swag so I could you where you
at
how you been fam you got some you got
them 11th where did you cop G and here
we go rapid questions find me something
that reminds you of Harrison five four
three
it's a shooter shooter suspect they
don't call them the three point what
mister three they don't call him mister
three because of his chart
he just goes my shot Justin can't use
the same one okay I'm gonna go with this
girl because Dustin's a Ladykiller you
know so this reminds me of Dustin right
now so we just don't put that right
there so something that reminds you of
flag okay I must say this bird right
here you know because it represents him
his symbolization of him flying away and
disappearing for a good month also also
out of group chats a lot of good chicken
fine something there my the camera the
ladies the lady milf killer
okay actually passionately okay let's
see what what I would do there we go
this is okay it's a good heart it's a
heart yeah I hope I get some extra
brownie points for this
who else me you okay this right here
this is for Yama because I want to put
my eggs in his basket I don't know if
it's possible but once I put my eggs in
his basket and then comes out the fool
is this like salmon okay parental they
are lice okay then a little will have a
little one of these that's what all
right and that was that was ideal crew
yeah
yeah okay looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
then those ain't laughs in a while I'll
talk to a wiz
