isn't there money for that only pay
taxes yeah Jimmy preach UK tax they
hating on exciting I see for Christmas
presents came through in the clutch
first Christmas gift
she's a hamster giving babies our
independence since 1972 open it open the
info I forgot I had a baby for six
wonderful hours my husband and I enjoyed
a I really I really like that it's made
from recycled plastic syringes and I
feel like I'm helping the world Frank
you calm down your real present is in
sight this is hilarious dude I love this
her parents thought it was real they're
like this is torture he's not a hamster
her first James hey these are so living
that I came from you guys you know
that's so sick dude look at your first
pair of JJ she's like I never hold it
she has something to say hey didn't see
you there
welcome to another day my eyes are
closed right now cuz the sun is shining
in my eyes it is nice and sunny this is
winter time in California baby shout out
to this license in front of us look at
this car get their license information
people okay so I want to start off by
saying thank you guys I don't thank you
guys enough
my tweeted about this how you guys are
amazing and you guys always support me
and even if the crew doesn't grow even
if we don't get a lot of subscribers I'm
still happy with what I have I'm so
happy with everybody watching this
because you guys are amazing and
hopefully you know like I said I don't
mind if we don't go but hopefully we can
grow because the crew is always
welcoming new people and I want more
people to join the crew and I want more
people to you know get inspired by my
dreams and help others chase their
dreams so that's why I want the crew to
grow just for that reason so for all you
guys that watch the vlogs and do support
it thank you and for everyone else you
know tell your tweet Twitter family tell
your IG family tell your real family
tell your friends check out the blogs
join the crew whatever we got to do
let's try to let's try to reach goals
that we've never seen before in 2015 you
know I'm saying
I should probably focus on driving right
now anyway I'm going too much talking
too much children so that'll be around
about a go right now meet up with Dustin
and we are going to San Jose to go play
basketball with his little cousins
because they're off of school well
they're not little but his younger
cousins because they don't have school
obviously what's that
freaking noise man well they can't hang
with the we we don't want yell I don't
even know what I'm saying right now okay
let's just go let's just focus on the
road ahead of us goodbye it's not by
chance a well-respected handshake what's
up with dream house you guys it's
Christmas
it was turn I got a GoPro what's up
iPhone six game what do you mean I seen
your IG what'd you get
Kanye's and shirts and Melo natural just
colonialism people are dying for those
shoes be grateful where is that dog
where's Cooper is yeah she flushed at me
to be stupid
they're like burning alright so we came
all the way over here to San Jose there
ain't no freaking room on this Court so
we got to go play somewhere else how do
you feel about this room situation Chris
right okay we came all the way nigger
there's a dog right there we came all
the way over here and you know at first
I was like okay we can we can work with
that but then we get closer
there's no fucking rim why is there even
a basketball court over there if there's
no grin this is a public park you eat it
like isn't there money for that only pay
taxes yeah Jimmy preach
okay tax day hating on children Fremont
to San Jose for Norman man's basketball
we lost in basketball Chris Zakir and
Jordan beat us on the camera and we're
playing pool now and I'm gonna go
undefeated but whoever beats me today if
they get lucky I'm gonna buy him a box
of pizza ready to see a Domino's this is
not a sponsored video by Domino's by the
way
study
tell me what you soft but we'll get them
next time fast for you noticing see what
I'm working with you looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I failed my mission
got the same goal same feeling when I'm
doing but I'm coming down from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one then those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to a whiz
