so we are in San Francisco know what's
up everyone welcome to another episode
of shopping with Harris so today we're
gonna see here today we've got what is
that
it's France I knew that one yeah
actually explain me what this product is
right here we have our handsome guests
from here I heard this is Italian it's
goat yeah they actually sacrificed the
animal behind the store and then made a
nice sweat shadows to drink either not
very Cass Cass oh boy right
what's more anticipated the Carter five
or monthly pickups I'm gonna say monthly
pickups cuz the Carter five the
management they saying we're not
dropping that anymore
I think Aris messes videos and they got
beef right now so okay so hey oh yeah I
saw him to eat like Harris is holding is
the only reason why I have a job monthly
big so I'm sorry for my friend he's
gonna drop a video so I'm sorry for the
way oh okay how big his hairs a schlong
well we called him mister three it's
because of his ability to shoot the ball
so we are in San Francisco taxi
so we're in New York we know our Indian
cab driver hey what do you want to go
asshole
yeah be the be the damn thing a piece of
chance we don't have any cash taxi guy
hey you know you look like you look like
mr. bean piece of shit hey shut up in a
taxi cab right now in New York City
about to go to Nike San Francisco New
York City this is my road man he's not
the big we're only gonna be here for
like an hour or two cuz these guys got
work like what's work oh shit I got you
good yeah I'm good all right guys you
finally found parking in New York San
Fran New York Cisco
we're in New York Cisco right now our
cab driver came with it or Katherine fyc
is actually kicking it with us
hey or something ready
Porter flight there are some
stipulations but
so when you fly outside money go like
400 miles an hour so you get boring life
in my city powders so I can get packs
and back you like them yeah fun little I
teleporting but your experience flying
any losses daily life but if you
teleport you use a whole day of your
life every time you teleport you know
it's been like Modesto Sacramento
I'd rather fly I'll take that time I'll
take that extra day it's everyday life
is killing us comment down below if you
guys would fly or teleport let us know
what your people but if you fly you get
hungry faster oh people are skating
having a good time and Union Square or
Times Square since we're in New York and
I really want to ice skate but we don't
have time today hopefully next week I
think we are going to when we have some
special guests out here in the bay so
look forward to that and
it's Carter dit my arm got stuck and
then I'm just dunking on you know like
see this gun that blood is everywhere
right
I dunked on someone I was up jumping
place rockin jump oh we gotta go there
now don't know this but I had a child
mister my baby his name is John
Alexander
you know we have to go to one spot San
Francisco Blondie's already went in
Barney's Launius funny brownies who
likes Blondie's I like monkeys yes
that's just and for the people wondering
this is a beef it's not pork so don't go
all crazy on your vitamins I know
iron I'm so Haram
guys really think of this hair right
here thing about popping on that for a
Williams height I don't know how it
looks though I need you guys to approve
it so let me know what your plan alright
guys we better leave SF right now here
for a good hour and a half
I wear this card I don't know I think is
just running away I'm gonna go get a
happy ending massage my name Jeff
there's an old saying in Tennessee I
know it's in Texas probably Tennessee
that says fool me once shame on shame on
you it fooled me we can't get fooled
again
we are here at the Buffalo Wild Wings
that just opened up watching the Lakers
Warriors get smacked up by Lakers
what you AG I love you you're gonna get
wings
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures always change but I stay
on my mission got the same goal same
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life
you don't know what I feel like got a
lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one and those ain't
laughs in a while come talk to a wish
