welcome to another day guys the rain is
in full effect today again thumbs up for
that rain guys click that thumbs up for
the rain and because we want it to go
away
I strongly believe if we get 2,000 likes
on this vlog the rain will go away and
tomorrow's vlog so let's see what
happens don't think I don't see the
comments I know you guys want monthly
pick ups I promised you guys that it was
gonna come in December first but it was
nowhere to be found
but guess while it's coming in January
2015 I said since I took months off of
it why not just wait until next year to
re-release it and also on top of monthly
per cup pick ups I'm working on another
sneaker show for my crew TV for this
channel that I'm not going to talk too
much about but I'm hoping to get that
launched by next year too so there might
be two type of sneaker slash fashion
related videos a month on up on my
channel so I'm about to go at you right
now
Panera life at the end of life force or
war
democracy who had them
they hope how do people hit you up when
they looking for those 11s hey you
better share what's up with your shoes
ready you got to get oh you got the
compound she got hella need a pair Fram
hate the Barbary red stuff man
yeah family I got sliced with a machete
oh yeah I was out and enough these dudes
try to jack me for the million I had on
me but uh Kenny and they try to jack me
for the Rollie but I couldn't give them
the Rollie verse follow subscribe to his
channel so I up I'm the biggest fan of
Adam saw the video she makes expires me
expired what has been causing the stem
movement a swag its believes muhib is
the creator of em know what these have
been causing this chaos of the fam the
new 11s that are coming out fam you
gotta you gotta really be on top of this
vamp is they're dropping hot what up
guys as you can see I got a clean little
haircut feeling good feeling good
getting ready for the wedding step by
step still need to go buy some shoes
later today but boys hungry I haven't
ate all day it's 2:16 recently I've been
eating later on in the day I don't know
what's going on with me but I'm not as
hungry in the morning as I am usually
but check out my shoes
adidas Jean all over my shoe actually
what up guys we in Frisco right now
Chris in the house
we got target Employee of the Year it's
just good I got my shoes for the wedding
so I'm set I'm good to go we are living
life hey everyone welcome to the Chi
somar show today we have Chris thanks
for being a guest I'll show you this yes
a lot of people are wondering how's the
college basketball season going for you
well actually II was lost to a game
where you know
it was tough he was life and it wasn't
on me so I'm not that upset about it
nice nice what are your goals going into
the 13 thirteen thousand 2013 season
so for 2015 our goals you know basically
the same as this last one yeah now how
are the groupies absolutely game I'm
twenty twenty people he's dance salsa
mais zero boobies everything is nice and
now that people are wondering is there a
special someone in your life besides
chicken honestly
my life achievement is to strike you
know do you suffer from chicken
obsession or camera movement do you
suffer from chicken depression
depression no this never there's never
nagging option but what if you can't
find four there is it so you've never
had the problem
that's great chicken strips on everybody
so you go to a restaurant and they don't
have chicken people want to know what's
what do you go for next do you leave or
do you have simply you know go out of
your comfort zone wrestle West Russel
Westbrook had chicken strips you know my
hand I'm a loyal women a loyal man rage
appreciate it man thank you chicken make
sure you guys that's so racist you're
racist
you're welcome but Oh guys we just ain't
we had some burger what does it call
super duper super duper and it wasn't
that great it wasn't super duper
to you yeah I didn't like it because I
had amazing burgers on the East Coast
that don't compare to this California
nonsense he spends his summers on the
East Coast and his winners in Cali damn
realest right now we're gonna go to a
few more stores stores are open late
thankfully so we get to go so guys I
just got into a fight with the Urban
Outfitters fitters work worker
McDonald's character I just gotta fight
with the Urban Outfitters worker because
I brought up a sale item and sale items
are supposed to be 50% off and I gave it
to her and it didn't ring up as 50% off
that rang up as the sale price which was
29 bucks and she was saying that no this
is it there's no extra discount I'm like
go look downstairs jagneaux and I was
like alright I'll talk to your manager
the manager came she's like oh you can
go downstairs to get they're being held
a route to me so I was like you know
what fuck this door and then I walk away
and the girls still talking shit so I
put her in her place and I started like
cussing her out I did not say that
Dustin's trying to find a wife tomorrow
and my sister's wedding so so now we're
gonna return these pans tomorrow to the
truth you finally getting out of San
Francisco we've been here all day
got into fights bought merchandise turns
out if answers you get the left BAM did
you get them Elevens yes I did Bam Bam
how you been
I've been good family even ain't no life
at least got like 60 summers from this
random I got like five five people have
me up like we got our pairs so shout out
to the pears
someone's in the Christmas spirit anyway
guys thanks for watching this vlog okay
and we will we will see you next time
and make sure you like look like
subscribe
fire anybody looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like that a lot voices in my
head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't labs in a
while come talk to us
