ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
first ever QP way off for tomorrow's
boxing match up of sarwat vs. so I'm now
a weight class they should be at a 170
to 1
200 each so we're going to see what the
way it is
first off oh you meats it at 180 now we
have so I already broke this bed it's
over here this beds already indented
like this is broken our freaking floors
are messed up what up guys so welcome to
another day of Vegas told there's
lighting so you can see it look oh it's
too dark in here but it got that
fettuccine alfredo between uh Maggiano's
right now
we just left our hotel for the first
time today and it's freakin dark on file
we slept until like 1:00 you stayed in
bed in two like 2:30 3:00 and then
finally got ready
shoutout to Kobe he just passed MJ on
the scoring title my favorite player of
all time someone says the best ever
most people say MJ is but what but I got
a boost somebody tell this kid no no MJ
is the greatest of all time of course I
keep the respect for Kobe and LeBron if
you leave today LeBron's the best right
now right now but Kobe is the greatest
today
Bobby's the truck respectfully I'll say
that because he has just got to the
Cosmo we're about to just walk around
right now we don't know what's poppin
for tonight still we have no type of
connects out here it's like the door
good there's a Dreyse weekend to be here
but yeah it's all good you're still
gonna have fun go and solve our security
can I get a picture man I'm a big fan
I'm a big fan man
come on we just hit a picture I just
want a picture man
we go to the altar tonight don't get
married tonight
get on the good side get on the good
side 1 2 3
all right make sure you Instagram that
man
you were too turnt at the club last
night huh where'd you go you have bottle
service right no that wasn't you
man last night was crazy huh last night
was crazy remember at the club do your
soul yours damn where'd y'all go last
night I bought you a drink and then you
just ditch me like that that's so messed
up girl
God what's up people this is day three
of Las Vegas fuck around bush and we're
leaving today but our flight doesn't
leave until 9:50 7 p.m. and we had to
check out at 12 our checkout was at 11
we woke up at 12 I call this they kind
of get a late check-out so you're
supposed to check out an hour ago but
we'll give you into a 1 so bless the
Trump employees we checked our bags in
now we're just walking around right now
sit there
there is no finish line there was a big
thing like hitting all the bronze right
there you gotta meet LeBron now you
ready to meet LeBron the bronze how
about Kobe and there's a breakfast miss
he's right there look at him holy vision
bro he number three were you glad but
were you he knew sort of look at you bro
hey let's take a shower guys we just got
to the airport about the head out of
Vegas it was a dope trip shout out to
the pears I'm going back to Vegas
alright go back
but if we thought but it was them spit a
freestyle look bitches less power
this whole weekend x-rated your girl
she faded in the club with us she was
talking on this then I don't know what
else to say so some charts anyway I was
a dope trip we have fun this is like a
five minute long video already alright
next time you want to come yours for
spring break so we'll see you have to
save some money up come through bring if
y'all trying to come
comment down below thanks for watching
click that thumbs up for for for what
well for what I'm trying to find a
reason for them to fight Cleveland for
life you know for life for the love of
this judogi when they give her life
alright guys looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like that a lot voices in my
head wanna hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one those ain't labs in a while
I'm talk to
