the guy that I just showed you guys
looks dead on swag city with Zeus is
trippin baby evidence that we're going
abroad dead
for the next three days we're gonna go
on an adventure of a lifetime
where we going going to Vegas baby swing
Las Vegas I don't know how this trip
came about but so I got tickets at a
mere pawn game so I think it's just
there boys he gave them tickets to the
fight so we out here all right let's see
where they got me soon here I mean 26
DRI in 2016 laughs good morning guys so
are birds at your seat I traded with
somebody or you treated yeah mate race
do any video include draught pizza huh
oh yeah we've got a second round draft
pick for the 2015 hey the last time we
went on a trip together was Toronto two
years we haven't gone and shit together
all right guys just got to the hotel
just give you all the tour 33 karat gold
window Merrick ring with a muhfucka TV
in the mirror and we got a TV in this
bathroom double showers Brooklyn so we
are on this trip right now walking
around spider
oh shut up we've got ourselves a not-so
Brooklyn Bridge right here and shout out
to all my New York City crew members
okay so we decided to come to the flavor
st. for hours until the fight so we're
just walking around the mall right now
probably not gonna buy anything but just
checking it out Saks Fifth Avenue no we
don't want to go in there so yeah we'll
see what we run into over here
we try flip give me a warning dobro
three good put all I see America
licensed doctors yeah we have as our the
foodie in massage
tour notes wagons believe
hey where's the funk energy where's the
bug photos you know I heard you like a
gift off the couch at so I got hit left
conversation my Shack weird for the
peers hey my hip love you but he posted
a picture of you those but we out here
game ready to go watch the fight guys in
the bathroom taking a bath I don't know
why Isis taking a bath right now usually
before you go out you want to hop in the
shower but you chose dig about today let
me show you all right this is exclusive
shit what you're about to see exclusive
only good day you'll see some shit like
this right
ugly with me I'm going to get the ice
because that's all I smoked the
challenge cure peace out so we just got
to the MGM Grand got our tickets right
now going to our seats right now so I
levels above me where's our oh he's
levels behind me down there right there
you see him but let's go to our seats
and we'll see how this fight goes I've
never been to a boxing match before in
my life oh look right there shout oh I'm
a fun I've never been to a boxing match
before in my life so we will see how
this one goes and it should be
entertaining you know when I watch my
boy make money Mayweather fight I get
nervous and all that shit so it should
be though
near
so the fights over shout-out to Amir he
won it was a good fight I actually took
a little nap before his fight because I
was tired and solve our was on HBO yeah
I mean Showtime
FaceTime if you guys saw him comment
down below I was just walking around the
casinos right now you know hey you guys
think we'll win three on three
swag if you want us to do a collab video
comment I'll go to New York and film
something with them guys thumbs up yeah
we've got to go turn up oh we just up
the Aamir Khan after party that we
waited for six hours and get in and it
wasn't even worth it but looking at the
frame they don't see my vision creatures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal same feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle
this is real life you'll know what I
feel like got a lot of voices in my head
when I hear right you must think it's
all good cuz I smiled the only one that
knows I ain't laughs in a while don't
talk to a wish
