stop on my peel box for the first time
and see if anybody sent me any hate mail
hopefully they did so I know that I'm
being watched by people that want to
kill me it's like no parking here don't
matter man
fine parking let's go see what we have
in this box of POS alright guys I'm
super excited we got our first thing in
the peel box from the homie Carlos Lopez
who actually is in the bay and I didn't
know he was from the Bay but I knew he
was gonna shoot me there so I'm about to
open it it sounds like I said shit you
this but I said shift me this I love it
the crew baby this is sick dude you got
the taxis Elevens could be practice on
Easy's that's me check out that beard
gang Harris dustin swagger you got swag
on point man Thank You Carlos appreciate
it man you don't know like honestly you
do appreciate it man this is freaking
sick
yo peoples I finally found my vlog
camera it was behind my my car seat
about to shave my beard this thing is
too annoying
i'ma trim it actually I never shave
clean and it's been like three years
since I did a full clean shave I'll
probably never do it again cuz that
looks like a little baby but this thing
is not control this is a month almost
two months actually so say goodbye
I got hella fitted today for no reason
like I got my infrared six is on shout
out to Dustin one of people's that
target copped it you know I'm saying for
still drive died album there was only
two copies left I got the second to last
so made it clutch you know I'm saying
also getting this black hoodie cuz I
need a plain black hoodie so I'm in the
magazine section I honestly don't know
what I'm doing here because I'm hungry
and I need to go but I just wanted to
stop real quick and reminisce on nothing
I'm leaving ok let's go so I told you
guys that I have a sneaker unboxing for
you today and I do it just came in so
let's go it's not your usual sneaker
unboxing well I already took it out of
the packaging but I'm gonna show you
guys what it is shout out to Halloween
costumes calm ok this is not from no
Nike or anything like that and no I'm
not promoting Halloween costumes calm I
wish they were paying me for this but
they're not I paid for these myself
there were only 100 bucks and BAM back
to the future my friends these are
licensed by Universal Studios Universal
Pictures and that is who made the Back
to the Future movie so this is licensed
by them so these are not fake they're
not replicas this is just not the Nike
version and the Nike version goes for
$5,000 I'm never gonna pay $5,000 for
them I paid a hundred bucks for these so
let's get into it
got my little powder cooler I'll show
you guys why I have that later on but
yeah I already looked at them so I'm not
even that surprised but I love them you
know for a hundred bucks
super dope materials are good wait on it
there we back I'm excited to have these
though it's cool I'm probably sleeping
these I'm just kidding oh let's turn the
lights off woo walking I feel like a cop
right now I feel like I'm into 2015
before y'all man I'm in 2015
I might even wear these for my trip
tomorrow that would be crazy
action
yo bro what you what you wear in this
era is this area quarantine I got I
gotta get one of them too
and will you copy and take your BOTS
with you don't think we thought we
forgot
goodbye thought which ass out
well NJ hello everyone and welcome to
pay off on X News this is Jason xfn news
right here at the crime scene I am your
host Paul I am your host Paul's fault
vaults but I am your host vaults part
bucket box Bock now brown cow you unique
New York unique New York
all right perfect ready good afternoon
everyone this is what good afternoon
everyone this is Paul's Paul freaking
out now brown cow
it could be wrong but it could you know
been doing all right boss spotting for
having me
hey you know is it to guess it's all
right boss might even have me out here
you know mushroom that was about to play
two years old you can as a friend they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal then feeling what I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't laughs in a
while come talk to us
