what up people we in here downtown I
mean what am I saying
Westwood right now just woke up it's
going to class so I'm not with him I'm
with the one and only
y'all hi guys how you doing bro chillin
like the official here damn look at the
fit give him that that fashion blog brah
hey follow your FM a trial it's coming
up brah
I got friends putting on outfits of the
day make sure to check it out please
yeah if you're into fashion check it out
if you don't know how to dress check it
out
if you support the crew check it out
thank you but we want to go to 100
degree I mean eight hundred agreements
it's a pizza place that we had last time
and last time I didn't like it I love
pizza but some reason me Dustin and
swagger all got mad at my hip for
bringing us here sometimes you gotta
give it a second chance but yeah i'ma
give it a second chance and I'm gonna
see if it approves and if it's to my
liking so we'll see what happens all
right here we go guys about to get in
let me cut this properly because they
didn't cut it properly birthday I hope
you like this
the sixth guy all right I just had my
first slice it was kind of impossible to
eat everything small enough but it was
good it approves always meals with my
head just weight on it so right now we
are in this little studying pond right
now I'm ahead in a presentation by the
way you got a presentation you got a
presentation you just gave one oh yeah I
just gave my it's on my snapchat but
it's probably gone by now because this
is being uploaded later but follow me on
snapchat three-season what's your
snapchat my you know just TV you know
taking care of some business making
power moves y'all own chest mate I'm
like chess we all here going dude to be
like jim.green next week next week yeah
not for me
the gym grind ended ten years ago
he was in the game way before anybody
else bro how old is it forty-four years
ago four or five years ago and he was
killing the game before y'all knew who
he was man levels hometown shout-out Oh
God I want to take this time to thank
everyone who copped a dream crew shirt
over the weekend for Black Friday the
shirts are still available if you guys
want to get the black one it's 15 and
the white and red one is 15 as well like
I said we sold out of medium and small
in the red one and the black one has a
full size run so make sure you copy it
and then there should be sneakers on the
website by now - I don't have any right
now but by the time this vlog goes up
there should be sneakers on there too so
new shirts would be coming out soon - so
I said that in my other vlog so yeah and
we're about to go eat and go to Target
this is why we came to Target guys
headbands is opening did we like letting
treat Target like it's my house and just
levels that's sick bro that's way better
than the freaking girl when you had
that's it will hold we got some new
music coming this and the words just
wait on it
that's so there it's a push if I we can
show you what up guys so we have a
special segment for you we've got a
special chef today who's gonna cook up
something new
welcome to a special edition of cooking
at guys we're cooking with guys with our
special guest it's a boy we're
partnering shows apple without mother
cooking with Kai's that's what you don't
know these house that's why you don't
know something we go today chocolate
chip chocolate chip cookies baby this is
for all you people that don't know how
to cook chocolate chip cookies we got to
this home made we made it ourselves we
packed it up we've tagged me package
until he could be easy for you guys to
put in the refrigerator it real quick
check it out
something for the kids of this to me
yeah you know you put it back in here
you know that's that this is actually
our brand it's red um chocolate few
chips okay we'll still that's gonna go
step one step one I got this pre-plan
already you get a tinfoil you got some
aluminum foil right you know make sure
it squeeze shout out to bit my baby mama
in London you know crease out gonna
grease out the tray if you got to do
that you know London stock yeah that's
the London technique that's been going
on for ages if you don't know google it
okay so it depends if you buff or not
but you can use scissors to cut this or
your hands but we sophisticate okay so
we're gonna get some scissors nice now
you want to cut it with force but just
like a make sure the thing is on the
bottom and
was a genuine Greek take it out kind of
okay it's boiling the cutlet is pinky oh
that's so duty cookie dough kiss or no
raw yeah it was like it rough you like
your topping anymore so I'm more of a
protective top we're gonna go at it and
cook it for about 10 to 15 minutes sort
of golden brown nice and soft and a
little bit how to do that yeah put it up
let's see how you put it in soap it up
so make sure we're in our packaging
state-of-the-art technology we already
have them in a square so nice so you
guys don't have to be doing a lot of
work yourself yeah so let me go ahead
and make sure your hands are clean
because Ebola is on the rise so that's a
fact man watch out for Ebola she will
kill you so you and my oh thank you
gently look at that spacing two fingers
oh good you're using two fingers that's
crucial
so make sure you do that that spacing is
definitely crucial it's a mess no
mediocre don't make sure you guys
there's no media your cookie dough on
there I'm gonna make sure everything's
legit every ten we'll just do this step
step by step and then we'll show you
guys want to make sure you pre-heat the
oven to 350
like why did you say why'd you full
honey but we trying to turn it down a
little bit to do a little bit 350
channel - ah gee whiz you
oh wait 40 here you can see as
everything is lined up perfectly clean
I'm in love with the cookies time : oh
they're for the nation make sure you
guys put it in nice and slow you don't
know Russia I'll put it in the wrong of
it you know I mean now you guys want to
wait about 10 to 15 10 to 15 motions
around check up on your cookies
meanwhile you can do some great
activities like go to drew calm you
could go to this yeah boys follow on
Twitter snapchat do all that oh you have
mah underscore Moody and load ein or
follow my youtube call crew TV make sure
you subscribe
guys don't break it man you know my
dance moves and give a freestyle right
now if it's all right nothing shit but
go for you okay try job my botox has to
take a shit these cookies are about to
pain I'm gonna give it a little liquidy
lately
yes it's true boy just lost my wallet
trying to trying to call it the
company's saying what are you bawling
I'm balling them to sleep if the mean
mean streets to town rebel
good afternoon guys we got our beautiful
cookies out the oven band check -
you can see soft to it that's the one
you could double up you see there so it
doubles the double-double shout out to
town Shabbat London because you got a
cookies on break so you feel me say tuna
get some milk
that's it first that's it for cooking
and kind of sad I will do that thank you
guys for watching if you guys want to
see more of this content like button hit
that like button glance the apples with
a foot come with cooking with cock you
might get a special guest yeah oh you
don't rap for watching
you never know my no you never know no
shouts Jake oh yeah looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I failed my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head wanna hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
and those ain't labs in a while come
talk to us
