yeah guys before I start today's vlog I
have to give away this Bape phone case
for the iPhone 7 plus a lot of people
have been asking and this is how you
guys could win I need you guys to go
follow my new Instagram account for the
dream crew merch that's right
I made an account just for dream crew
merchandise because I'm gonna be
announcing new products on their
restocks updates featuring some of you
guys who wear dream crew merch as well
as doing giveaways and this will be the
first giveaway I do on that new account
so make sure you guys go follow that
it's dream crew merch I will link the
Instagram down below and I'm gonna be
giving away the Bape iPhone case as
promised in my I G story on that account
so go follow the account because if you
want to win this you have to be
following the dream crew merch Instagram
account okay now that's it watch this
vlog thank you I'll see you guys yeah
watch it
it has been a long morning I'm at the
airport by to catch this flight back to
LA I'll be in LA for a few days and then
we're heading to the bay for the Bay
Area pop-up this Saturday Seoul
supremacy and then Phoenix this Sunday
had been had those so let the countdown
begin for that and we're gonna spend the
next few days in LA to just grind out do
some skits do some videos do some
unboxings have a few meetings plan for
the future of this year the rest of this
year planning complex calling planning
sneaker con literally the sneaker con
list is insane this year for the rest of
the year I mean alright anyway I'm gonna
get on this flight I'll see you guys
when we get to LA no first class
Southwest only
alright guys so we are back at the
height B's headquarters you're you know
what it is I'm tired I don't know if I
have a headache because I didn't get
enough sleep I don't know if I have a
headache because I was hungry I really
don't know but my head hurts so I'm
gonna take it easy I I literally just
got here an hour ago and I was editing
the whole time so maybe it was just like
looking at the TV the computer screen
but oh it sucks because I wanted to be
super active today but now my head's
just like pounding but I come home to
two boxes so you know what time it is
hit the intro I don't know what these
packages are let's open this one first
this one is from my family at Under
Armour always taking care of the boy
we're just gonna cut pretty sure this
isn't occurring for because this is way
too light of a box to be a sneaker and I
was right unstoppable collection make
moves modern design word performance
materials Wow
so we got some pants right here let me
look at these things first
oh these are sick I like this quality is
very very nice it is very very
comfortable
I don't even tried it all but it seems
like it's very very comfortable you got
a cuff bottom so it's gonna fit and I
see against your pants definitely you
know I've been traveling a lot so I
definitely want to be comfortable when
I'm getting on my planes or getting in
my overs driving around and stuff like
that so basically I like pants like
these because they're stylish and
they're super super comfortable so this
gets a pass in my book and you guys know
I always keep it real with you I'm not
gonna tell you I like something if I
don't really like it oh matching top oh
I love this I'm such a fan of like
windbreaker jackets so this one is like
perfect I'm definitely gonna wear these
two together and it looks sick because
the bottom half on this is white and
then this matches the top half of this
jacket right kind of
I think so I like it thank you Under
Armour I really really appreciate it
dope stuff from you guys I'm excited
cannot wait for the curry force to come
out I really really need those champ
sports you know champ shows me a lot of
love too let me open this box and then
I'll get into it
champ Sports sent me crap protect new
era crap protect that is okay I have one
of these already and that was sent to me
if a while ago by crap protect because
obviously I'm a brand ambassador but
this one is sent to me by champs
themselves if you guys didn't know cut
protect does make a repellent for hats
not just sneakers so this is kind of
like what the box that is and it has a
TV inside and all that stuff so I
already know what this is go ahead and
open it up this is dead well I need to
charge it it has a charge cable in here
I got two of these so this one should
work there we go see the rain falling on
the Hat and it keeps the Hat protected
so if you want to wear your hat during
the winter time you don't have to worry
about it getting damaged or soggy or you
know your head cold
just the water bounces off of it so we
got the kreb protect spray right here
and then we've got a hat and they sent
me a sick-ass LA Dodgers hat which is
cool because I live in LA but it's like
as appended on it so this is a new era
like dad hat from Sacramento to to LA I
was literally about to open this and
spray it on my head but my head hurt so
I don't really want to do that right now
Thank You champs thank you cut protect I
appreciate it very very dope box set now
it's time for me to get some rest
because I'm so freaking tired well I
don't know I don't know if I'm tired to
be honest with you but what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna watch Monday Night Raw even
though it's Tuesday I recorded it watch
Monday Night Raw I'll check in with you
guys in a minute
oh my god this thing is so small like I
remember having the original version of
this and this was like literally this is
like the games that you would put right
here were the size of this and you'd
have to be like well that was the
original Nintendo this one was the owner
I just went on the top but there are
still times when you still need to do
that in the game but this one was a
little more advanced in the first one
but still this is this is crazy
shout out to kicks unlimited in
Sacramento for this gift it comes with
two controllers I cannot stress how
clutch that is because the first NES it
only came with one and the wires were
short the wires on this are very long as
you can see right there so that's good
I bought all these Nike basketball
sneakers yesterday I didn't even realize
MVP's I got these these I got at the
pop-up I'm in love with these I cannot
wait to wear these and then the LeBron
ones they're zoom generations like I
already wore these at the airport today
Nike basketball is slowly coming back if
they continue to retro stuff like they
just feel like they oversaturated like
the South beaches and the what does and
there was a time when that stuff was so
dope but then it got to the point where
they were making him GRS and I think
that's what kind of died made the Nike
Basketball hype die but I feel like if
they do dope stuff like this and keep it
on one or two models and not do it every
single year Nike basketball could be
what it used to be and they need to
retro stuff they need to start retro and
Kobe's and not just packs like one
through ten like they've been doing they
just need to do ok let me do the
settings on this thing cuz it's noise
okay we got Donkey Kong Country Zelda
this is the game right here that
everyone is trying to play I'm
definitely not getting sleep tonight and
I'm probably not even gonna upload
tomorrow cuz it's if I don't upload
tomorrow it's because of this system
right here
the Kobe 81-point games sneaker there's
only 81 pairs of them in the world
there's a few sample pairs and like
obviously the one he played in but I
have never been able to find that that
sneaker so if Nike were to release it it
would be a dream come true if we go for
Nike to release that and now that they
have the rights to the NBA they could
release the 81 point game and then they
can also release the number 8 Kobe
Jersey alongside it and that's what I'm
hoping like you take it takes advantage
of with you know having the NBA license
and being able to do stuff like that so
as much as I've bashed or thrown certain
shots at Nike over the past year I want
to apologize to Nike because at the end
of the day like I said and my other vlog
I still buy your products you know I
still wear your clothing I still support
the brain
it just it just kind of sucks to not get
invited to certain events but I'm not
Nike doesn't owe me anything I've had
certain conversations and been reached
out to by some people at Nike which they
don't talk to me anymore but the bigger
people the people the bigger people at
Nike they probably don't even know I
exist which is fine that means I just
got to keep grinding hard so I know I
got a lot of backlash for you know
saying stuff about how I didn't get
invited to Nike events and stuff like
that at the end of the day I just wanted
to be able to take you guys with me so
that I can show you guys a dope
experience but you know Nike doesn't owe
me anything so I'm not gonna throw shots
their way anymore
because at the end of the day I do
always end up just buying their products
anyway so it is what it is I'm gonna try
to control myself and try to think twice
before I you know you know talk bad
about a certain store or certain company
and things like that just because I know
I'm an influencer and I don't want to
give people the wrong it's just because
I experienced a bad just because I had a
bad experience inside of a sneaker store
or with a brand doesn't mean that all of
you guys will too I also got to remember
that this is my life so if something
does happen to me
I'm gonna share it with you guys so I'm
just gonna try to balance those two
things out and make youtube videos all
right so I'm gonna play Mario now and
yeah let's get this thing started Yoshi
was the homie in this game oh my god I
can't believe I'm about to play this I'm
so excited
all the little gold I died within like
three seconds of playing the first game
this game reminds me of like living by
force Forest Park Elementary School bam
finished the first level your you know
what it is alright guys so today is
actually the day after what you just saw
today is currently Wednesday I am
filming in my bedroom because I really
don't film here too much and I'm at my
computer desk so I was like you know
what I'm a film here basically today I
spent most of the day with Meena she was
here we went dress shopping because Arne
gay
coming up our engagement party is coming
up very very soon she needs a dress so
we went to go look for some dresses and
luckily she found two so we got that out
of the way so I didn't want to vlog too
much I kind of just wanted to you know
keep the camera off when I was with her
just because we haven't really seen each
other lately and then I was thinking
like what can I add to this video let me
go get my laptop because I need it for
the next portion of this vlog I was on
Twitter and I said ask me some questions
so we are gonna be doing a quick Q & A
they tell me don't forget where you came
from what do you think about nav perfect
timing has been the album of the summer
I don't care what anyone says
perfect timing has been will mixtape but
it's been on repeat since we started the
tour literally I'm not kidding with you
it's literally been on repeat what was
your first ever supreme cup my first
ever supreme coffe was a supreme hat it
was either the kaki hat or the maroon
hat I don't remember which one I bought
first but I don't have those hats
anymore but those are my first supreme
pick ups about those back in like 2011
or 12 or something like that
do you think marriage will affect your
videos in any way I think they will help
my videos when I do get married you're
obviously gonna see Mena and a lot more
vlogs because we possibly will be living
together by then and I'll be able to
make more content with her when me and
Mina are making more videos together we
kind of fit ourselves into the youtube
couple's category which is huge on
YouTube YouTube couples do very very
well so we'll branch out to doing family
oriented stuff and then obviously when
we have kids we'll have kids in the vlog
so we'll be a perfect family video and
our channel with YouTube it's it's it's
for me to look back on my memories but
it's also for me to leave my mark on in
this world for when I'm not when I'm no
longer here people can go back and they
can watch the beginning of my youtube
journey and the
you know when I was younger all the way
to when I got married all the way to
after that so I'm trying to make my life
timeless in a way if that makes sense
when are you coming to Orlando now we
did cancel the Orlando stop on the tour
because of the storms that were there we
just thought it wasn't the correct time
to come I'm not gonna talk too much
about it but we probably will not be
having a pop up there this year because
every weekend is booked pretty much for
myself next year we will definitely be
holding a pop up there in Orlando to
make up for not coming this year so
hopefully that answers the question that
I get asked like three four times a day
what is your dream WWE match that you'd
want to see live any wrestler any type
any pay-per-view the rock versus Stone
Cold versus Seth Rollins versus John
Cena vs CM Punk in a fatal five way in a
Helena South what do you think of loose
change by at banks by the way you're
cool and please notice me so if you guys
don't know phase banks released a
clothing line called loose change and
it's not just like youtuber merch it's
an actual clothing line that he's
working on and he released it this past
weekend at a pop-up I liked the idea of
it because so many youtubers you know
they make merch just to make a quick
buck and they don't really put too much
effort and thought into their merch
from what I saw I watched Harrison's
video if you guys don't know Harrison go
check him out he has a dope-ass fashion
channel and he was actually at the
pop-up and he showed some of the pieces
from the collection some of the stuff is
cool the flannel that had the different
colors on it and stuff like that I wish
the logo wasn't blasted so big on the
back I like small logos for something
like that because for that type of piece
it's very um it's more about the piece
itself rather than the branding on a
t-shirt you gotta have the branding
pretty big because you want people to
know what I'd be shirt it is but for
something like that like it's kind of
like the supreme Pacioretty I have it's
like it's so crazy but it just says
supreme super subtle right there on the
chest so I would have liked to see that
a little different but it still dolt is
his first collection
or season or whatever you call it so
it's definitely just to you know kind of
announce it to the world so I understand
it the long sleeve t-shirts that have
like the square pictures of different
things that are shape or have money on
it or something like that
I can't remember but those are pretty
dope I like those he is making it like a
high-end brand so the price point is
like 100 or 200 bucks they can't
remember but I mean it I think it's dope
I think his movement is dope with that
people obviously gonna support him
because he's killing it with YouTube and
I wish him nothing but success I
personally don't know him I've never met
him this is kind of off topic but I've
kind of you know asked myself if I want
to make dream crew into an actual
holding line I've thought about it and
I've I just haven't done it because I
feel like only people who are part of
the crew will really wrap it because if
I do make a clothing line I want it to
be wearable by anyone in this world not
just people who are a fan of my channel
but people who just like what we are
releasing so if I did ever start a brand
it would be a brand new brand it would
be its own name and I would obviously be
created and I would support it and show
you guys the process and all of that
would you guys like to see me create a
separate brand outside of Jing qu and
make a clothing line or would you like
guys like to see me take dream crew and
turn it to a real clothing line let me
know so I'm going to end the vlog and I
am out of here thank you guys for
watching dream crew all of a sudden we
out having these guys
