welcome back DJ Christ in the house turn
up Tuesday let's start it up with some
new music back again y'all we got our
first caller on the line we got Fred
from Tennessee Fred go ahead this one is
from nabila she dedicates a tour son
that's funny my moms love it take me by
my coach good luck Oh back again back
again we got a request right now from
Jimmy he dedicates this to his grandma
who just got Ebola takes the mystic luck
said you are alive first off on sale of
the show right now I participated in no
shave november but I don't have any
facial hair so I've just been just
growing out my whoa yes yes we are gonna
be doing a little giveaway right now
call her number 955 you are gonna win
something special call right now
we have a special winner on the line who
wins a lifetime supply of ravioli Austin
from Georgia how do you feel Austin fuck
you I don't want no ravioli nigga I'm
actually gonna have a request i know i
get a cake to see my girlfriend who I
just left for one reason yo yo yo back
again we got a special color go ahead
and talk to us hello i love you good job
mama taught you nothing
