BAM howdy up so I got another sneaker
unboxing for you guys just got these in
the mail was good people we have them
all right now
the man is back
Chris in the house we just had some BJ's
right now not that type of BJ we have
food
I had the balsamic chicken Chris had the
chicken fingers of course you know I
love chicken
I love tree oMG I love Jake try and kill
sometimes you can walk around see what
they got buy nothing probably but yeah
people thought these were the easies
they would have been sold out but
they're not the easies I don't know why
he without these are the Newsies but
burning I found swag again he's on some
apparel look at my breath we wear
sneakers G
I feel confident today will be Christmas
at first I'm stuffing watching the Laker
game watching my poor Lakers lose like
for right now Porter left the Knicks up
that's another fact that he's wanted to
throw there where's the bus is getting a
drink which is turned off
turn it up on Wednesday how do you feel
about your 78 right now that's okay I'm
gonna come back and teach you a 94 so
only in my calculations ready Lakers are
down three with two minutes left so I'm
like I'm distracted right now try and
get it right now
I got 122 kids right this second game
got 60 that's got 86 god bless all of
you guys remember bet
only a while ago castles made chicken
and waffles oh they went you didn't
remind me I know I didn't want to be
rude but it's okay if you go to LA with
us this weekend I got you okay
listen to this tomorrow Thanksgiving Day
don't you think the mouth should be
closed
then no people want to go shopping at
5:45 p.m. try open I'm off at 1:30 a.m.
Friday
oh I start at 1:00 p.m. I'm off at 10:00
I really some bullshit I mean fuck man
but give breadsticks just come out you
know I had to loop the nigga up one time
one time
shoutout to JV hey I tried to but
everyone's all taking them and don't hit
me up for the Columbia's oh don't hit me
up anyone don't hit me
the mall does not need to be open at 5
o'clock on Thanksgiving Day
oh yeah
hit that one pin for y'all
okay so he both strike my goodness I was
about to lay I'll give him that
a second ball this nigga hit nine pins
and they gave him a strike possession we
got we got on camera bowling alley gave
them the matter how did the French she
got a picture with her and Chris and she
got a picture with her and Chris doesn't
like that we met her then I don't want
to thank BAM howdy y'all
so I got another sneaker unboxing for
you guys just got these in the mail
about to give it to you Chad for the
cameraman shoutout to the cameraman what
use this knife right here
boxing watch the way Tyson war actually
opens the shoe box I propelled the knife
into the taped areas and make sure that
the function is correctly established
hey paperwork looking with case it's a
black box you know denim you know black
box right we have our lovely assistant
comes out the windows Hey alright
whether on let's see that crew life oh
yeah Brett snitch that Goldfarb's oh hey
Paris if you're watching this real life
burning cool thing about it does it say
six you see I HD know it says oh hi oh
oh oh shut up my like yeah these guns go
copy me you know um yeah we're just you
know let's do the hot seat with so high
right now is the most handsome the most
most optimal person is the remain in
this room right now including
chriscookie little bit about them Thank
You definitely Chris like he recently
had a haircut so it made a big change
waves yeah it's making people seasick at
the moment so definitely Chris Chris oh
yeah okay yeah you know I don't want to
switch my Chris answer to you I think
you're the cues in the room definitely
bro okay everyone in here mostly I mean
I won't hate
oh wait yeah last time me and Destin
played on my beat him by one point we're
gonna try this again
since you know take the win somehow
somehow I'm the best in this room so
it's suddenly somehow I missed the
wide-open alley-oop yes you did this is
me right here check out the score now oh
this game over hey great game though huh
yeah very good champion I'm the winner
of tonight
it's to gate earning very good thank you
very much for coming out watching guys
peace over looking at the frame they
don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming at it from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
and those
