what some people welcome to another day
in the life log cootie Vietnam st. we
running some errands right now but first
things first you know my fat ass got to
go beef and I'm saying so I'm gonna go
to Panera Bread brought my backpack in
my laptop gonna do some editing I feel
good today man even though I woke up
late I kind of crap me out really
disappointed in myself lately I feel
like I haven't been going as hard as I
should be going not gonna let that bring
me down about to hop back on it man had
a great weekend this past weekend for
sure
I had fun back home for once you know
hung out with friends and stuff like
that I feel myself with chick me and got
my international sweatpants finally
famous back on the hat I wear this hat
I'm about to open a peel box today guys
so um feel free to send me anything
letters I've never been one to ask for
gifts and stuff like that because I
don't know that stops a desk just not me
I don't like people sending me gifts
it's just like
if you want to you know I'm not gonna
complain I love everything you sent me
but I'm not gonna say him be like yeah
send me stuff like all these other
people but it's mainly I want to get
like letters and stuff like that guys
write to me about how keopi helped you
or how keopi entertains you or puts a
smile on your face I love reading that
or draw I love looking at you when
people draw me as the best thing in the
world
I'm about to pick up some Cruces and
shirts I'm going to show you guys the
new white and red one that will be up on
Black Friday this Friday the online
store will be going live on Black Friday
and though the crew season tees are only
gonna be $10 yah feels me is fire we are
here we are here playing some 2k but to
talk these guys one time they beat me
the other night but it's all good so I
beat me twice in a row so far I've never
beat them at 15 so we'll see what
happens right now Nick Young is swaggy P
tonight baby he's gonna have to do what
you got to do so even a coupon but the
doggy right now alright let's get this
game right now
alright we're over here I got my first
win I just murdered it's all water by I
don't know how many points and he quit
the game with a dog what is the level
bloody fails is here just let's move on
I'm into the next round so now about to
take on so I get that first win first
and let's see how it goes guys you never
know every day is a new day you know the
NBA is crazy oh we're doing random ready
random oh I like waited I'm gonna go
again damn it the winless Sixers all
right let me see it maybe you will at
least everybody in Washington this be
all yeah I'm gonna get Merc
well I don't know anybody on my team
except Michael Carter whatever
see if I win distance soy has no right
to ever come back into this house and
play this game oh this guy's getting
dogs laughter and we are your show now
boys shout out to everyone in
Philadelphia we are here
about 17 seconds clubs so 18.5 to be
exact there you go
put me at that line you know I'm saying
oh oh you know we gotta go for that w
though shout out to the tribe shout out
to my mom we're here boy shakes up the
closet stick the legal point six seconds
left for Africa to leave I took a ledo's
you're about 1.6 I got this bread deep
fish didn't point 484 what time
oh I could hear the business you take
classes here what I gotta get to going I
gotta beat this guy bro I'm not gonna
say anything that's what that's for me
I'm here warriors versus Spurs saw whirs
saw whirs warriors forty five to forty
two
Holsey clay big you Iggy Azalea clay for
370 million worth it
sorry burning right now he's down six
points 32 seconds Duncan come on you
know just have to hold it down for the
main squad go to stay warriors oh wow
all the keys quitting you guys slinging
these chips but some guy told me give me
my shirts right now today it's been what
seven eight months now I haven't got my
dream we have a care package model of
the years is a large right here let me
try
shout out keopi just can't do jack them
while you was sleeping you and even
though gonna take up to the house yeah
alright guys we came to round table
again this my second third time in a
week but I'm always down for out to this
pizza set the repairs Thanks hey if
y'all want to see these guys in a video
again you know hit that like button one
time
porque for summer and so if you guys
gonna see him in video the return breath
they don't nobody if y'all know if y'all
it's filming the video you don't you you
have to keep recording you know make a
video if you put all your luvin one
direction or some sometimes thinking the
best smooth finger in the world you are
Drake someone's at the door because the
other way around looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I still my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real like you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right you must think
it's all good cuz I smile the only one
and those ain't laughs and
come talk to a wizard and if you went
with it well you can get steppin you
could love me one
