what's up guys mr. kise Omar comin to
you live from my vehicle right now about
to give you guys something I've never
done before which is a movie review
because you know I watch a lot of movies
I feel like so I thought I would give
you guys my opinions on a movie on
movies and I asked you guys in the last
vlog to click the thumbs up so you can
if you guys wanted to hear the review
and I think we got a good amount of
people and it's not gonna be a long
review but here we go we're gonna be
talking about the new Hunger Games
Mockingjay first things first it's not
the best Hunger Games out of the three
that's come out I like the first to the
second one is my favorite this one is
just pretty much a lead-up to the next
one I'm not gonna spoil it up for you
guys but I mean it's still a lot of like
Oh My gods and twisted turns a lot of
people you know what happens cuz they
read the book I never read the books I
don't read books that doesn't mean you
guys should not read books I just don't
it's just not my thing but overall it
was a good movie not the movie of the
year i'ma give interstellar the movie of
the year right now Katniss Everdeen is
doing a thing shout out to her to me
there was no just like like it wasn't
like oh my god like damn like wow like
whoa I mean that's why it's not my
favorite Hunger Games out at three but
i'm pretty sure the next one is going to
be like that so that's why it does get
you excited for the next one and it's
like it's like Twilight how they split
the last chapter or whatever the last
book into two movies so oh I didn't even
see the camera fall that way I'm sorry
guys but anyway um yeah that's my hunger
game to review overall I'll give it
about three stars out of 5 yeah let me
know if you guys liked my little movie
review maybe I will do more movies for
you guys if you guys want so click that
thumbs up if you want me to do more
movie reviews and now back to your
regularly regularly scheduled vlog
program
yes what's gucci crew TV Mia swagga dear
fellow we just got done filming my sneak
peek for the monthly picnic return right
now we taking some pictures for the
dream crew website that will be
launching on black friday we're going to
have just for black friday only i'm
releasing the crew season t show them so
I how much they was going for on black
friday ten dollars only ten dollars on
black friday only it's a special i'm
doing just cuz i love you guys and
appreciate you guys for only ten bucks
crew season tease black friday so the
website link will be given out later
this week when it's black friday so I'll
tweet out the link the shirts are very
limited in the white and red colorway
but the black and white colorway we have
a good amount and we're also going to
have sneakers on the website that's a
good thing about dream crew ain't never
seen no youtubers have websites we shoes
ensures you know we out here doing a big
swag your crib g we finally found it bro
shanna talk to Harold's MTV Cribs
welcome to swag his crib this is his
sink where he comes in the morning and
washes his face I feel like we're in
Afghanistan g-shock so i get d dad dad
oh you don't use the doll dad dad dad
that ultimate warrior ultimate what is
that show called ultimate whatever damn
balance if you keep your life balance
walking is nothing
stop assuming i see your comments I'm
not gonna put you on blast because you
don't deserve the blacks stop assuming
if you don't know please I hate that you
thinking you know it's not really
knowing remember that are yall me swag
decided to come to round table that's
pizza or one of the bus I have never had
Valentino's haha round table pizza you
know I'm saying this is my second time
this week but I had to do a purse Raja
and can't go wrong with pizza her filmy
real shit
that's the realest 100 right there
that's my favorite when I pashtun Dustin
were hating on your last 100 which one
the text yeah I mean maybe they've been
through it and you know that does it to
the psych the mental messes it up I can
just picture Ashley right now hello Matt
like fuck swag so I don't get dunk it
you hurt yourself huh what up guys we
decided to cut to the mall so eyes and I
dessins in the house so I caddies and
I'll shout out to all the pears
he wasn't i what
he oversaw about to spit a mall
freestyle on top the mall is where the
mind is when your mind is with the mall
or come to unlock or try to buy shoes
that they make for 10 secs and rest in
peace that was a thousand one hundred
100 what you gotta say to everyone
I'm the same so hot I was decade old
video him slide right it seems way right
now too late
I don't give up
looking at the frame they don't see my
vision pictures over change but I failed
my mission got the same goal then
feeling when I'm doing but I'm coming at
it from a different angle this is real
life you don't know what I feel like got
a lot of voices in my head when I hear
right you must think it's all good cuz I
smile the only one then those ain't
lives in a while I'm talk to a wizard
and if you ain't with it well you can
get stepping you could love me when it's
easy when it's not good
