I put your face off you know then I take
off the nice image again there you go
and then the grand oh stop you are here
we are here videos are moving process or
it's done now alright I'm letting me out
here trying to make every single second
of life calories on saying don't be lazy
get up off that couch and put in work
even it like if you try to give me an
athlete if you're trying to do good in
school if you're trying to be an
entertainer like every second counts by
the way I look at it is for every second
that I'm not working and not grinding
I'm not making people smile so that's
how I look at things so if it's the
people that you love that you're trying
to make you smile if it's fans if it's a
your colleagues your co-workers your
bosses yourself make someone smile and
you will smile and you
like that's a 100 I don't do too many
100's but when I do you better watch
your mother tongue boy get her boy on
here go another motherfucker then I
understand the concept of putting money
first boy we are all the way right now
to Harris's house to film a new skit
crazy high for you guys it's the first
time that me swag and Harris are all
gonna be together in a while from a man
you know they've got some beef going on
between each other you guys know about
that but we're gonna bring them together
and get the get the pain get the
attention out of there though for you
anything but you really fuck with me way
back then girl how about now cuz I'm
right now damn bro me like magic man
that's up G so cheesy
hey this why you trying to match with me
bro come on I guess it's just a matching
Dave what's going on between you and
Harris you know the weed last time we
heard there was funk on site are you
gonna squash the beef today let's see
how the flow goes let the bygones be
bygones
alright then bruh you good seeing you
thanks for giving us that 100 right now
alright then let me give you a lot of
100 yeah what up guys we out here Harris
we called him it didn't pick up
none of my business I think he was
sleeping he came he claims to be at the
whole cellar doing some business on my
business but II think he's definitely
sleeping and then when I sleep these
guys hey Joey you sleep on another level
broker hate when someone else leaves
it's okay you know I miss Virginia
already trying to go back soon I don't
think that's gonna happen but that was
the last show of the year guys just let
you guys know no more shows for 2014 by
2015 we got some stuff in the works big
plans right you ready born ready
so actually going to go on the road with
us I am pretty sure this weight on it
you can cut the tension with a knife a
little of it on the dogs on top and I'm
gonna shine on me come on stop go hey
Phoebe she know that she's going to one
stand up
and you just love matching today well so
we cover to the mall real quick before
we start filming just so we could walk
off the food and I could give them the
ideas of the video we can brainstorm
we're gonna walk down the mall a little
bit I have no idea where Harris but Aris
is missing am I ain't missing in action
POV QP Hornet - Oh guys all a oh let's
go to H&M y'all let's see they got some
dope stuff on display what the hell
I want that outfit for sure hey so I got
you know how you always post those
sneaker pictures I know where you take
them right here so I got a shout out to
the rack so I go is post the sneaker
pictures on AB get rug and then I always
comment on the picture I'm like growth
my mom wants to buy that rug and he
never replies to me bruh hate not pay in
I went on the you know the little black
bottom and yeah commented bring it back
so yeah because you can't see anything
it's me that moment when your your homie
sauce and he's not here
this alright guys so I get to like every
brother go ahead welcome back G damn
bread new style new hair thank brush got
the showers give us a two hundred right
off the bat deal off the cuff right here
yeah alright rest in your real way
fufufufu
right now it's cold outside which means
cuffing season right no guys really sad
about this okay I'm gonna get deep on
y'all
okay everyone's looking at the bad or
the the negatives of being single okay
or not having a Bayer or a boo or
someone give you a blumpkin
hey Thank You spike let me give you guys
an example everyone's like that but I
got no one to go ice-skating with Brett
you ain't gotta spend money to go ice
skating with someone okay you can buy
yourself some shoes that's fine buy
yourself some protein powder sub-camp or
buy yourself some food shot at the hairs
you can make yourself happy all my
paychecks I could spoil myself I don't
have to do this all day
that means texting also a lot of people
after relationship they get fuckin
depressed for no reason and they let
themselves go me on the other hand you
have nothing but free time now so get a
new hobby
a good example I'm just a little biased
here go to the gym the best workouts I
have I was fuckin depressed and anger
and whatever I'll tell you I'm leaving
off a little line right here okay cuz
I'm
he's not too much camera space hey took
me further than love ever did good hi
guys so we just got done filming well we
didn't even finish the video we only got
like 10% of it done pudding on the way
home I was like swaggy when I hit a
target swag so is it down sorry I'm
yawning but yes I'm always down you feel
me
target needs I'm telling you why they
need to sponsor me like I gave you guys
so many promo I'm pretty sure people
have gone to target because of me like
screw Alex from Target you guys who I
get guys from Target I don't want no
ravioli I don't want no ravioli nigga we
got this six-plus right here you know
I'm saying
oh damn who the hell is on the
background Brett who's that put it on
this one too I think that guy is ugly
bro someone loves himself laughs I'm
about to put my picture on the
background like this yeah okay and then
you take it there you go
so now people bit off there we go
both OH
beautiful damn such a beautiful man with
the beard
Ahmed be like Oh My Lord Jesus one
direction two kilo Dustin be like hey
this boss hello
you know it's limited edition right hi
beasts we no matches no bad shoes Harris
be like nine years one on Sunday
yesterday Brazil won their exhibition
match Giants Giants won the championship
copying all of them why would you be
like hey what do you need that ranch for
it's for the kids what do you need that
gear for this is something for the kids
you need a toilet seat oh it's just
something for the kids will hit be like
what up y'all doing a following speed
right now my snapchat hope you guys had
an amazing day eyebrows on fleek the
foot all right so I got something to say
to the hi-yah I want to make everyone
four uh first of all commenting hashtag
swag teams what team oh they did team
swag I think so okay team swag whatever
thank you I did see it let me give a
quick 100 cuz they did do mm I think so
we're not gonna retire the 100 no I
don't think so okay good
you know what I hate what I hate a lot
of things actually I don't hate people I
love people but I hate things such as
why do girls text broke that's a whole
yeah very good okay don't don't ever
text me bro because I'm not your bro I'm
not your blood not your blood okay
that's one no texting you in a ke ku
damn I'll text mu decay and then I'm
period next to it yeah
or three KS that's like KKK yeah we
don't do that okay but that's a Oh girls
please if some guys texting you he likes
you you can't be friends with a guy you
know why you can't be friends with a guy
because either the guy is gonna fall for
you or the girl is gonna fall for the
guy that's true all right guys thank you
for watching this vlog we didn't buy
anything from Target that wasn't those
our intentions to not buy anything that
that moment what tell me when you don't
mind nothing from the mall you don't
mind nothing from Target you make a
sandwich by yourself by someone else's
house god I love it anyway thank you
guys for watching make sure you do that
what don't we do mm again yeah I don't
know you guys ready to get us 2,000
likes on this they get it go get 2,000
likes or you will never see me in
another feet log again yeah first he was
just gonna cut out the 100 now he's
cutting himself out yeah y'all need
2,000 right now 2,000 likes and not just
likes were like subscribe that that
button that's right then it says it
starts to the S it's called a subscribe
button that means you get the vlogs
every time we post them and they're
gonna come more freaking frequently
thank you guys for watching this vlog
and you last word swag uh-oh
oh I'm glad you care looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal then feeling what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you'll
know what I feel like got a lot of
wishes in my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one and those ain't lives in a
while I'm talk to
