what's up guys we are at the Oracle
Arena roar achill arena about to go
watch the Warriors game first warriors
game of the season that I'm watching
they are undefeated right now I believe
they're three no or four no but they're
playing the Clippers so it should be a
dope game oh shit
whatever that means those are those
little things that look like me
anyway we in here time to go watch the
game let's have you got klay Thompson in
front of a missed approach hey Thompson
y'all shoutout to all the pears we eat
pears
y'all just landed in LA I'm at LAX right
now came to LA to take care of a few
things you know I'm saying looking for
my ride who's gonna get me I think I see
him about to go grab right now first
things first that's what we do you know
I'm saying
we both on diets but we want to Roscoe's
but it's not gonna happen these are
first things for this or on the road so
I go here to see we probably rough this
for sure but oh so we're gonna keep the
chill right now anyway yeah let's go
this is La like we ain't even on the
streets that we already in traffic we
still dare port with the foot bitch what
are we picked up the homie mujer welcome
back to the crew TV yeah all right I'm
gonna show him the easies that just
leaked yesterday we're gonna get his
reaction ready what the hell is that
they don't like it are you serious thank
you
look he's right there that they're
saying that's the easy three I love
Kanye but honestly she's good at
whatever but oh my that's disgusting
well it'll highlight the winter
collection I like I like we gotta see
more pictures first before weekend yeah
we got your confirmation for all we know
those are Stan Smith's Gucci Gucci
Hawaiian barbecue super fire Lily
something I got cash or asthma tip says
it's ding-dong
yeah yeah I mean what is the menu
they're not done fish phalanges but I
don't need it
yo what's up people's so I was resting
for the past like five hours lose my hip
had to go to work I'm staying at his
place about to go meet up with him he
just got off work we're gonna go to
third Street and mess around oh shoot
what so Ike sneakers we found out anyway
yeah I just rested up I mean I'm in LA
but I'm not here for partying and bf
saying I'm here for business
because I'm shooting new videos for
y'all on the main channel and y'all be I
said I was gonna do daily vlogs I know I
have been lagging but because I'm trying
to get main channel stuff that's my port
you filming he was looking at me crazy
when I'm vlogging out here come on it's
all a Hollywood I don't even know what
I'm saying I'm tired I walked like two
miles to me in my hip and my hip should
be around this corner right now I don't
know where he's at
there is
nothing was the same I can't even talk
I'm so tired because of all you like
Cristobal in my ears that's the problem
he won straight what up guys just got to
Santa Monica a lot of the stores are
closed burning burning but we out here
sucking on a lollipop no homo I'm
shopping online
damn you bite my hips find uh-oh adidas
is close to like come on d-rose come on
we want them Easy's my hips buying the
Back to the Future Halloween store shoes
right now getting worse resellers we
like say I need a box for these shoes on
the - but that's none of my business
when they first came out they knew you
needed a bar there's only a thousand
bears
ok guys loved one Nike Nike ok Nike what
do we do with these night
we worry so much about our feet that
we're willing to lose our wifey Oh can't
get outside in the rain and in the snow
the cold weather force weather for some
shoes that will go cover our toes
damn Jordan since they worth it was they
worth the 200 you can't even afford a
meal why you keep frying fish on my feet
Jumpman logo you can have every shoe in
the game you ain't play like a pro
though oh you should go click get some
Chuck Taylors and play like the 80s I
wear so much Nike these fuckers should
pay me Oh what is kids in
they got their windows open trying to
give me a sneak peek but I ain't gonna
pay them a dollar they should come to
holla at me free advertising in this
vlog for kids at Nike hmm
great place and this guy walking the
screen flow is so deadly
it's like Ebola baby I'll push you in a
stroller Oh y'all are just on my diet
like I cut coca-cola yeah I'm about to
call the uber up tell them to pick me up
at Santa Monica oh but if it's a bad
girl I told to stay home cuz I don't
want no drama yeah truth you speak the
truth millions are saying but it ain't
Halloween I'm not focused on anything
else in this world except that three Oh
after this I'm gonna go to Berkeley grab
some cream whoo and you know that no
cameraman behead you stay on Mike
every food I spit is real as life I
don't need a hundred swag Aditi I got my
whole life Harris would you have a 100
you better think twice because when I
call that phone number and donate to you
it's gonna be really nice a good amount
of money going for a person in need
everybody watching this once more why is
there so much greed my flow can go for
days it's like a marathon I'm so fresh
I'll take all my clothes have so much
swag then you have on yeah I don't even
know what to say no more I'm running out
of ideas
maybe this flow just killed you you
should take a seat go buy a couch from
Ikea I need sleep on that I need to
sleep on that I need to sleep on that
it's alright it's over like five minutes
we were already looking at the frame
they don't see my vision pictures always
change but I stay on my mission got the
same goal same feeling when I'm doing
but I'm coming down from a different
angle this is real life you don't know
what I feel like got a lot of voices in
my head when I hear right
you must think it's all good cuz I smile
the only one that knows I ain't laughing
