hey everyone welcome to crew TV I'm your
host crew TV guys what it's like four
o'clock leaving my house for the first
time this is the information I hate this
wig more than anything because it's so
messy and it's glitter everywhere and
Harris hates it
this is the one wig that he hates
wearing the most so I'm gonna do him a
favor and i'ma throw it away right now
for you guys
Harris this is for you brother this is
for you for all the times I made you
wear a wig and I don't just the one you
hate the most so
alright be sharp free
I hope somebody goes do the trash and
finds in there you go hairstyles for you
you never have to wear stripe read again
I mean you're still gonna be sharp pre
but enough after where the sharp freeway
weird egg atribute wick safety first
baby begin I cannot wait to go to
Virginia where I posted a picture of the
pizza from Valentino's and VA one of the
best top three pizzas ever of my life
and I cannot wait to go back in two
weeks and
down on that pizza
because I'm not eating pizza till then
everybody's like oh you broke your diet
I've been to your diet just as I posted
a picture Pizza doesn't mean I'm eating
it at the moment ok that was a TVP I
didn't mention that but anyway I'm not
eating pizza until I get that
Valentino's pizza man keep it bleep imma
go get a sandwich right now
again I'm coming to Virginia info in the
description and we keep telling you guys
do not want this to be big so on my
Costco right now checking out different
cameras I think I'm gonna go with the 70
be right here use the Canon I had a t3
high for like 4 years they have a t5 I
too but I think the 7d D is the game
changer that's what it says on the box
so 7dd should be cool test it out for a
little bit and yeah I think there's
gonna be the one I mean I'm ready to
grind out with this new camera that's
all I'm looking forward to any time I
get a new little toy to play with I'm on
it all radio DJ cueing it make sure you
got that new for you hit it Steve on the
line Steve go ahead thank you thank you
okay we got another request from mark
tisha who's requesting this for a baby
daddy and sandbar Creed prison yeah we
got another caller on the line longtime
caller Jesse from Indianapolis go ahead
back again on a more serious note we
just got a request from Sam whose
girlfriend just passed away he dedicates
this song to her yeah yeah we got
another phone call on the line right now
go ahead hello who's this told you not
to call me here what's up guys today we
have the return it's been a minute since
he's been here ladies and gentlemen
one of y'all we are BJ's right now about
a grub Paris is nowhere to be found
where is Harris hashtag sometimes you
just got to do one on one run another I
water on ice we bout to get faded Turner
go up on it Tuesday like a balsamic
chicken you know I'm sayin so I got the
fettuccine alfredo you got a post-it on
snap one time right the regular case
would have got a pizza right now from
you they got bomb pizza with ranch but
you know keeping it with the chicken
today I'm saying keeping my promise no
pizza till I get to Virginia just go
room so we just got to the mall about a
go shop a little probably buy nothing
actually needed to get some things so we
came we window shoppers right huh
yawning already there it's not a good
look look at this
what is this
six-thirty does this look like 6:30 to
you so I'd be like I'm not gonna sleep
he's trying to go to sleep at footlocker
all right let's see what they got over
here they ain't got no fire this is all
dry Harris be like let me talk with
another parent see you know limited
colorway you'd be on it though if you
had to pick one shoe right on this wall
what do you take this wall right here
yeah this section right here really shoe
are on style one shoe you can have one
shoe of anything in this hole all four
cabinet what about Jordan Jordan Jordan
honestly I think the hoop in yeah you
right but I already have those early
like the new Nordstrom display it's
really nice as you guys can but is he
sleeping in the nest what are you doing
I don't know anyways a lot of people
have been complaining and I'm whispering
because there a lot of people around
here there's no one around here but
anyways let me give him a quick 100
confidence is key in life if you have
confidence I don't care who you are I
don't care how you looked and I care
what your background is and I can wear
your skin to cut the skin color is
confidence if you have confidence if you
get that job which leads to that car
which leaves have back those clothes
those shoes thank you good how many like
should they get 2000 2000 if you guys
don't get 2000 likes I'm not doing 100
know if y'all with the one hundred two
thousand likes like damn go you could go
back to sleep and breath so I could
didya home hey y'all check out this new
jacket swag thinking about getting he's
also gonna double it as a blanket camo
it out this is actually a dope fit but I
don't know that's too much camo
I feel like you can pull this off I hear
this all camo sweats
I'm just saying yeah respect leaving the
mall now didn't buy anything
so I didn't buy anything you know why
because we is window shoppers know that
could you see because we window shoppers
so when we see a window we shop through
the window but we don't
maybe use a window shot but let me lean
over
stop got a little knock at the door and
it was his surprise mother slicker
Bernie gee it's a a shout out to all the
pears
I eat pears powers now Bernanke try to
get on that no pizza he'll appeal yeah
until Virginia you ready for Virginia
Virginia swaggin hairs aren't holding
each other they have fun that's the
truth guys it's all out team hair so it
seems like living in the comments then
whoever swag goes I'm not gonna be there
so the next couple of vlogs that you see
you're either gonna see swag or you can
see hair so you guys can start out you
find out swag earlier so I said that
this vlog better get two thousand likes
for him this vlog would I get three
thousand likes for Team Harris yeah
the three team Harris to get this walked
three thousand three k3 okay absolutely
okay this is three all right guys this
is good thank you guys for watching this
vlog you would be a we'll see you can
we're gonna vlog before those under see
you see you guys OVA homers gonna come
out hit us up on Twitter periscope 15
pieces this is just great looking at the
frame they don't see my vision pictures
always change but I stay on my mission
got the same goal babe you know what I'm
doing but I'm coming at it from a
different angle this is real life you
don't know what I feel like got a lot of
voices in my head when I hear right you
must think it's all good cuz I smile the
only one and those ain't laughs in a
while I'll talk to a wizard and if you
ain't with it well you can get to
steppin you can let me run the cheesy
but it's not good
