what up crew TV welcome to another day
from floss floss from Las Vegas check
out our not so nice view this is the
back lot of Vegas so sore views not that
great now let me show you guys our room
so this room is way bigger than we
expected right the Venetian Venetian we
got double beds you know I'm saying
coins that's my bed I got my easiest key
I'll show you that in a minute
mean it can't talk today and then we got
like a little couch area so it's like a
little steps and then you saw the view
my office area you feel me and now let
me show you the yeezus shirts that I got
yesterday from the tour amazing show
like I said in the last vlog check out
the last vlog if you didn't see in the
concert alright this is the first Jesus
shirt it's like a cream color with the
splattered right on there and you know
the little dude on there the back of it
just as Jesus with the splatter so it
doesn't say Vegas or anything in it and
the second tee is the easiest tie-dye
it's a little dude on there again time
to do the death dude and then this one
is sick because on the back it has the
tour euro tour the easiest euro tour and
the outside lands made in America and
now Las Vegas so kind of looks like it
glows in the dark but it doesn't I got
two of those one for me one for Harris I
got this one too and this one's a little
crazy too so this one I honestly feel
like I could only wear it in Vegas but
whatever and it's a splatter tea yeezus
but this one right here straight up not
even for any other city it's straight
Los Vegas
I bought one I bought two and then I
bought three of those and then I got the
easiest hoodie that I really really
wanted it's just the tight I use his
hoodie and then the back it's got the
Grim Reaper or whatever you want to call
them on there so that's all the easiest
merch I got and now we're about to go
through the mall real quick cuz I'm
gonna go ahead up Nike and then we're
gonna go to the pool party I guess it's
the last pool party of the year
obviously winters approaching so yeah
I'm gonna take you guys with me so I
went to the pool party and they wouldn't
let me in because I had sweat pants on
he needs swim shorts I wasn't even gonna
go swimming but I'm not the cosplay now
this is like the most modern hotel in
Vegas somebody come to get this but yeah
they wouldn't let me in so I I just left
Ashley and her friends and I went to the
mall and now I'm at the Cosmo so
whatever I didn't really care I'm just
trying to chill relax and I'm a mark
around right now but I guess I'm at the
mall right we're about to go to the Mara
mall yeah I do all the malt balls
swagger swagger is here everybody go to
the mall right now Caesars for
huge mall about to go inside and they
got like Nike
but it was the same
Las Vegas what's good alright back at
the hotel room let me show you guys what
I picked up from Nike because I didn't
really blog that much cuz I was just
like I don't know I had a vlog but I
didn't vlog at the mall but I got some
foam balls it and these are just like
butter like I don't really do foams but
there's something about these that made
me feel some type of way so I had to get
these and that's all I bought from the
mall um your boy only paid 150 for them
because you know he got that plug
where's the wall all there's a plug
right here you got that plug you know
I'm saying and these were purchased from
Nike Las Vegas so don't think I bought
it from a guy down the street you know
what I'm saying
this that real real you know saying it's
all in the receipt where's the receipt
oh you got up on the street right no
that's not it you got up on the street
his baby what's up guys so I'm back I
just got back from Vegas this morning I
don't know what the hell's going on my
ears hurt but anyway look we're at this
elementary school that's also a freaking
college I don't know great mixture but
they got freaking ping pong tables
outside with the paddles just do it so
richest middle school I've ever been to
the game but a lot respectively
like it's so dramatic so I take out all
the static I've been doing this for
years I'm a wizard with the magic you
will love it you can hate it but either
way I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make it
I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make it make
it make it let me make it so amazing
hella thick like education harder noise
you make it miss nothing but animation
big pink roll riding in the bread truck
a big ego I just got my head stuck are
y'all game ended Christmas 15 16 points
7 assists he didn't play the second half
much but he had foul trouble he had four
fouls but their predictions were right
as long as it was higher and wouldn't
want money in Vegas you know what I'm
saying what's up back at it again oh
that's pretty tell you back at it again
guys we got target it's been a minute
but we're here at the Fashion Show
these hoes on these mannequins hey fat
ass
it's Coptic 20-inch bra 20-sided go here
let me show you guys something from the
Harris collection not that why is this
here oh yeah you did you're hella every
time I see this Irvine's you hear you
guys should just go Nevada and get
married
burning
what do you filming the frickin toddler
sign like hey look at that
everybody ready to be getting ready to
make the baby they're they're
congratulating each other are the
diapers they just bought for $9.99 this
fucking kid looks turn this fucking guy
look like for real on crack I'm so funny
did you know wash your hands I'll
freakin weekend check out that's from
today Chris's game oh that's a G you
running with no shoes on burning beware
that's swag birthday he doesn't wear
sneakers
