well what up people be on the way right
now to the Davis event the world scared
scared us
passenger he's scared of my driving but
you know we gonna get there safe because
I got bars like that
you see me stuck in traffic but we bear
that fills up do that song like a better
minute lemo independent lifestyle some
magnesium beginning doesn't land just
come on I'll teach you how did I walk
off maybe ask you what I'm doing on
stage tonight I said nah my G I'm here
to support my voice at night I'm talking
about that Q oh don't forget the peas
you spell it all out it says you know me
there my name ain't Drake but I'm still
macking in cuz everybody when you're
chilly in the hotel room and they give
you water
what are you doing a stupid ideas of
water in the sink fuckin asshole dad
look just right this is the funniest on
vine squads D by invited like half my
phone
that's the hangover we're doing in this
tree and then
you'll come around by the way thank you
you're gonna come out still back here
chillin right now--if handshake million
dollar deals being made million dollar
deal huh I know both so I get that
business card does it have your snapchat
on there no it should
I did not see anything you need just let
me know
and we do appreciate it thanks to these
idea of always having my back in
supporting me the wall the world I don't
know if I change the world but not to be
cocky or anything like that but I put
smiles on people's faces I hope leave me
don't intensity to me or email me
telling me how I help them get through a
harder time a lot of people say like oh
I can't make youtube videos because of
the subunits it's not all this hard on
this but it's open space for me go you
know I wanna say a little come here and
right now you know there's a lot of
youtubers are out there that are fake
they make these little Easter videos
they're not funny
they're babies brains that are just wide
and i really dont mess with eddie alone
before but I just wanna say before I
started my thing it didn't watches my
thing I'm sitting there like a little
bunny she's watching in my father that's
how you do it that's how you do it so I
owe everything that I said is a huge
help to me and I appreciate it so much
doesn't mean
we found Harris's look-alike it might be
his son we don't know oh yeah we out
here the show ended it was a dope show
in and out the squad by going up on the
Tuesday girl
what's up I don't even like it now but
this was here
they'd be locked in Doren turn the
lights down low
they should click that like Kanawa swag
what I know they mean
practicing this what up guys thanks for
watching the new vlog hope you enjoyed
it click that like button if you want a
new vlog every day for the rest of the
year and most importantly please please
please subscribe here from TV love you
guys
