alright guys so starting the vlog off
good morning good afternoon good life so
we are in the fire pit what would you
call it five pillars or sorts of late or
what we are in the world of Farouk and
GM and their companies his companies
whatever you want to call it but this is
their office is my first time visiting
here and they're showing me a tour but
this is this is Farooq's office right
here so this is where all the magic
happens of him yelling at everybody
inside and what to do big computer where
he probably watches all my videos and
then you know when you have like a TD
sometimes a little conference call just
walk around or odd meetings I like
people sitting here I'm just walking
around going like this got a weird shot
everybody alright so over here got all
the cars and yeah might even know you
had all these cause so much I'm learning
about him today
look at all this stuff being ball right
there from Paris books books books vape
spongebob protect you know send record
we got that drew food collapse out here
you gotta have it bro you gotta have it
you got some other stuff but I think
we'll show this a little later okay well
we got some we got some heat that most
of you guys have probably never seen
before on this channel and probably
there's very few people that have them
in the world so well show you guys that
in a bit I've been begging this fool to
show me some of these gems for a while
now but I've never been out here so we
gonna get a little look at it today
though this is my closet over here to
the rest of it why they got a duty a
dirty bro you have a fish tank though
there's one fish in there
conference room did so under
construction we haven't really had
time to get new furniture and stuff
these are the best basketball shoes ever
made I'll handle it only problem with
these is if your yeah if your speedy guy
like me and you make a lot of cuts you
don't pour on me like ten years old no
but yeah I got another pair so it's all
good we are yeah Jim stop trying to act
like you're doing something cuz the
cameras on damn you in the Hat that you
were wearing so he was wearing nine one
six hat yesterday a lot of people asked
him about that
it's from the people of Sacramento
actually know what we're gonna do I
think we'll talk about we'll go through
all the brands and in your bio or
something I'll get a coupon code made
for all of them if anybody wants to cop
stuff you can cop yeah so a lot of
people have been asking a little comment
especially on Garibaldi stuff yesterday
like yellow dispute this is puke so it's
essentially ten by ten art canvases and
you can buy sets of canvases and then
just like decorate you know your
apartment your house your office and you
can pick on whatever you like so if
you're going puke worldwide calm there's
like a number of sets like we got Jordan
zzs and a bunch of other stuff so we
makes kind of pop culture and art and
like combine those together this one say
the Kobe one yeah oh my god I need this
one the hell's this card thing yeah this
is actually my first part or not well
this car I had for the past like was
like three four years but me and this
baby like I remember I used to work
graveyard shifts right after that go to
school and I used to sleep in the back
of this with the white little blanket on
so what'd you put it in here as
motivation or something I know one of my
friends are borrowing and I think like
the transmission um dying it set up as
if it's like a music video like we
bought the film of fire as a music video
with that where's the dream crew office
aside from all like obviously the
clothing brands and stuff like that that
we do this is this we kind of keep it
more low-key but I mean all like the
quote-unquote success whatever we have
we always want to give back so we have a
charity called misma and through their
like over over the past year and a half
two years we've been helping like
refugee families resettled in Sacramento
we make like it's like home kids
bathroom kids stuff like that so these
people you know
obviously they're coming here with
nothing so we provide them along with
IRC with stuff that helps kind of set
them up and kind of make them feel at
home dude I don't even know you guys did
this what the hell like we keep it
low-key
like I feel like when you do good you
want to do good keep your intentions
pure yeah but you know obviously as
we're growing and stuff like that land
there's more of a need now this is
probably like the best thing I think
we've ever made like so far cue intro
this is all the extra stuff we over
produce some stuff so we got all that
chillin so look so we got this section
right here is all my like remaining
stuff this is the London teddies we have
a few of these old boxes these from the
tort last year box the t's one of these
oh this is the high beast tees we did an
online pre-order with this a few
spacejam for these the camo print we
sold these online not too long ago and
then what random hat wait is this a
Space Jam hat I need this my dad took
this I all ven will you yeah just you
put it on my tab that started I never
actually did start so I think not
easily because I gotta get ready for my
engagement so but basically this is what
should we announce what we're gonna do
now yeah okay so as you guys know we've
been doing drops every single Friday but
that's over with now cuz September's
done and I think the next on line drop
we are gonna do is gonna be on Black
Friday and it's gonna be all this stuff
just laying around here because we want
to get rid of all this stuff and we're
also gonna have like the way the first
wavy baby
crew stuff as well we're gonna have that
stuff
Black Friday dream crew calm I don't
know the exact date it's like November
20 27th or 6 something like that but
Black Friday June cool calm the craziest
sale it's gonna be stuff's gonna be dirt
cheap because we just
get rid of it have you guys wear it
rather than have it sit here so like did
like bruh this came out last year and we
have there's only two of these I took
one so there's gonna be only one of
these on the website yeah we have the
black ones we have we have three black
one so just let's just like stuff like
they'll be one of the like just random
stuff and they'll be like dirt cheap
like I don't know fifteen bucks ten
bucks maybe like ten bucks or something
we just want to get rid of them and yeah
that's that's what's gonna happen
all right once you ten how did you get
like my couch
thumbs up subscribe to listen okay so
I'm gonna go through some of the
companies that I have and it will make
coupon codes for all those yeah so what
we'll do is we'll list the website the
promo code right under it so okay
perfect so five pillars but we build
mighty like ice doesn't like the rocks
in these when someone's up there yeah
some of the colors here oh the money
sign you got the logos got the logos
you'll see Ahmed aka fire kicks rocking
this quite a bit this is I guess a five
collision we can do 50% off damn so
that's the half off if you can't do math
that's half off and some of the prices
are already marked down
so just to pick it up Dooku tour or that
promoter this right now but for more
cities left to get your merger
okay so way baby I know Christ has
already done some of this but we'll just
you know show it in here for the people
who haven't seen I know too much and the
back of this is 3m yeah I said we got so
for wavy baby will do 35% off and then a
lot of people were asking heist like the
hat that was rockin yesterday this is
probably just gonna be for people from
Sacramento down with six hats if you're
in the city you know what this is we got
a Tower Bridge
so this brand is called the people of
Sacramento we got a few different color
ways of this so this if you're in
Sacramento we're Stockton good get a
clue and good stocks but for this you
can copy it online 20% off and then
let's go over the speakers I know we'll
start off with some stuff probably
nobody seen obviously you guys know
Chris Webber he's with data
whole thing Lua but it also with an wind
so you got some how PE these ones
weren't played in these are brand-new
gets thought but these are his pair sexy
for Christopher oh my god 17:17 and this
is what and one was popping though hello
this is look how big this is Sixth Man
of the Year
Bobby Jackson's these ones were made his
mom passed away so the Sarah these words
were made for that he played and easier
no I know these are duds luck to and
won't you ain't gonna come back the
other daughters are coming back the
spinner but it's by Reebok Reebok yeah
coz dollars on business anyway this one
we had to throwback jerseys that baby
blue in the red wow I can't even imagine
playing basketball this like the
technology has changed so much one of my
favorite dudes in Sacramento Ron Artest
these word game worn this was a runner
Testament yeah the 93 here's a 93 out
here what the hell how did he play in
this there month there's little yeah
literally the attraction is like just a
little bit right here and that boy was
on some big baller brand making his own
shoe out here look at his logo is a
defensive stance I'm dying but give the
last round one Francisco Garcia these
monks okay now one other pair of random
not really rather but I don't know if
you have any W in v8 peas this media but
never caught me in FC Kenny has such so
Ruthie Bolton in the hallway there's
spinners you know these were just made
for bread so these are the shoes that
are coming but if I press it well it's
been yeah I see that oh my god that's
crazy
I never had this this is like the
colorway you see on like East Bay yeah
you know how they had like every color
like crazy you can see this I see the
these are freaking that's a woman
mess amends 10 if this video gets 30000
thumbs up I'll find a pair on ebay now
we're to sneak your Congress okay so now
we're gonna get to the fun stuff just
what's written on here's interesting
oh my game warn twos people would pay
for this peril idea because he always
had his own info he took those out
obviously you see this we're gonna get a
sacramental collection and then team
team down yeah so obviously is number 10
team dime that was like his little
branding has he ever seen this no nobody
has seen this is like the first time
back in the days like family this was
his favorite shoot that neither the 19th
yeah so this this this shoe was actually
made for him then these are obviously as
PE one's signed these little purple
accents you can visit these were rare
stuff right he's very cool that's how
Monday's yeah yeah those things that you
can see right here and made from like 21
oh my god these are dead these ones
you didn't plan but this is the one with
their replaceable you could either do
zoom or air wow I've never seen this I
don't know the world has seen this
before
yeah - done this is the King's color way
through Queen like nobody else had yeah
quality shooter here but this is it your
this way I've never seen anybody have
this before this might be a might have
to posters on the ground you'll get a
lot of a lot of accounts are you posting
this I thought he was lying you slam he
had all these peas and stuff on my guard
where like I never seen any pictures but
he can't like I had two pair of Allen
Iverson game worn ones I on out
there and I had to freaking sell them
ended up something because I needed to
make rent my shop you know back in the
day
GM where's your shoe collection saw my
feet yeah if you had a bad look
yeah the first of all okay guys so
basically I'm gonna be leaving the two
pairs of deadstock Easy's here at the
office those ones and the cream ones I'm
gonna leave them here at the office so
when the pre-order stuff finally comes
in
they will randomly pack one pair in two
boxes so two people just randomly
receive a pair of Yeezys and it's not
going to be based off of any one sizes
it's not going to be based on how much
merch you bought if you bought something
you are automatically entered and that's
it yeah so basically I'm gonna get all
the order numbers from when we start the
pre-order to the end of the pre-orders
and gather them up have the range and
then do a random number generator to
pull down the number out and I'll give
us two winners and then when he actually
puts it in the box we're not even gonna
say who won just film yourself putting
it in the box
taping it up and then sending it away
and then everybody when you guys receive
your packages but there's some people
stopped everyone comes in boxes or no
t-shirts teachers and hoodies they'll
come in a poly mailer okay I know the
shoes will be in a box okay so the
people won't know or yeah that people
are not okay
but basically even if they just ordered
a shirt though and they win put it in a
box yeah okay so when you guys do
receive your packages make sure you guys
unbox them on camera film with your
phone or whatever cuz if you end up
getting a box then you might have a pair
of Yeezys in the box so unbox it on
camera so I can have your guys's
reaction and you can send it to me
the two lucky people and that is yeah
maybe we'll do more giveaways when we do
more online drops we'll probably do
something for Black Friday probably not
some Easy's because you know it's
getting rid of everything sale but yeah
that should be good and now we're gonna
leave the office cuz we need to go out
like I need a car
you don't say
we're in Sacramento I need to you know
get my way around town like I'll take
anything like something basic you know I
think we might have some crawlers or
something we can hook you up with a
little it will show you what we okay I
just want the most basic thing so let's
go there now guys all right so this is
pretty subtle it's not too crazy I mean
that will do you know we're gonna kill
the crawler or a Camry but this is all
we got in flux oh man I mean that one's
more basic I mean so maybe we should
just go with that one
I mean mocha mocha macchiato yeah this
one yeah this one might be good too so I
don't know so many decisions here so
guys we are right now at Diamond Auto
Sports right now looking at the cars
fire would you like I like that let's
show them the fit though
well you know repping the wavy baby I'm
in next model
alright guys first time driving this
thing I'm kind of nervous but I'm not
because I don't plant the drive hella
fast but I just want to mess up the car
so fastest I've ever been in in my life
65 65 wow that's a daredevil move right
there
I have to get one soon you're not see
before yo guys alright so we out here
kick some limited Sacramento they got
some dope stuff I saw this this is the
first thing I saw that I've been looking
for one of these and I asked him how
much and my meds gifted it to me so
shout outs to the homies out here thank
you bro appreciate you man appreciate
them we're gonna look around what else
they got they got some supreme and stuff
some babe so these are the Elevens right
here that are supposed to come out at
the end of the year they're pretty cool
I mean I'm I rather get the red pair and
I'm not even got excited for the red
pair but I'll probably end up buying
these regardless the wrong price though
this is a custom comparison BAM that's
the real one 18,000 I think this would
be a good idea addition to your
warehouse just a revolving that little
revolving stand that's what you're
talking about right now right yeah and
that's what costs 35,000 so these might
be a pitbull these are gonna be a pickup
because Farooq wore these yesterday and
I kind of like how they look on feet and
then this one if you're a warriors fan
you gotta have this this is this is
freakin sick right there and then they
got the crap on deck like come on now
surprisingly sneaker shopping in
Sacramento was a success I didn't think
I'd be going home with anything I don't
even have room for this stuff but he
can't pass on a good deal so shout to
kick some limited okay guys we got to
let him practice his vlogging because he
wants to start a YouTube channel alright
guys it's not really that hard a vlog
because I'm more comfortable on camera
now than I was in the past but we're at
this sneaker shop in Sacramento I don't
know what's called my back for whoever
owns the store guys what I'm gonna do is
almost over supreme collection box there
are a lot of collections to be honest
when I started my youtube I think the
big thing about like the big thing I
have to get over is like me talking in
public it's kind of weird at first cuz
like all these people like stare at you
like what the hell is guys crazy he's
only a camera front of him but like at
the same time also imagine like I'm not
just talking about myself I'm talking
about like multiple people that are
watching my videos and that's what's
gonna keep me like motivated to keep on
going for me
what is up y'all it's been a minute
since I've taken over his vlog but yeah
we really out here I just wanted to say
thank you to everybody that came out
yesterday
shoutout to everybody in Sacramento one
time six after six cuts and I'm with six
you know the realistic setting but yeah
I just want to say thank you to all yo
look who pulls up number one in line the
winner of the painting he was on the way
to go pick up his painting he saw my
snap that we were here so he stopped by
so he's gonna take another on the board
two days in a row days in a row make it
records out here bro
alright guys so earlier we went to kicks
unlimited shout-out to them to show love
we just had some sushi and now ragged it
is in the building gotta focus on the
driving filming you know I'm saying your
voice like a hoodie swag get in the
building
Bay Area pop-up this Saturday people you
coming coming like it's my last name
dude no I'm saying I cut that but your
voice where I came through you know
saying you know what he knows about that
unboxing life cuz he removed his address
from it basically swag you know your
boys birthday not his my birthday was
last week and swag said he got me a gift
he brought it I'm about to unbox it for
you guys so it's only right he doesn't
know what it is I don't know I don't
know what it is cue the intro gonna let
you cue the intro cuz if you're in the
intro no way this is a thing I didn't
even know they made this Wow
guys this is the life of Pablo vinyl uh
I didn't I've been collecting all the
carnie vinyls and I don't have a few of
them but I didn't even know they made a
popular one it's out this way
alright guys anyway we just pulled up to
the lounge so we are gonna chill right
now and I will see you guys after that
alright guys so back in my hotel room
obviously basically you know we drove
fast cars today we went sneaker shopping
we checked out Farooq's closet it was a
full day this vlog is probably hella
long I have no idea I'm gonna have a
long night editing it but you know that
just comes with the grind again Bay Area
pop-up it is this Saturday at social
supremacy
Phoenix pop-up is this Sunday at Ben had
those both of them will be
so make sure you guys come I'll see you
guys tomorrow with my next video cuz the
next video is the next video you know
I'm saying I'm just kidding I don't what
I'm saying anymore I'm delirious it's
1:30 my flight is at like 8:00 a.m. your
boy get in no sleep
