we out here is Jamie great right drink
sir better late than never but never
late is better and was good was good
what'd you say when our 30 minute I saw
so here's got some love what is this
if you guys say about Harris y'all yeah
I said she's the one any girl traveling
okay the bro personally I want to see a
blog and how much talking in six months
a year the next watch me the marriage
blog we just got done with the show
super small show but it was all good he
wants just hang it down now Jamie Dustin
doing some look which I'll do in drug
dealing
I sense some tension in this picture
right now it looks good I'm gonna fight
after the beef is over huh no let me
just see how our picture look real spit
may be cool but he got the plus now he
gave me one it show him the shirt look
at that Oh snitch it in there Kielty rap
in she gave me one too I'm gonna show
you guys later so my backpack right now
so thank you
you're amazing I love you thank you hey
TV exclusive
we are the bran do you know every time
you let me out Roscoe's after show those
kinds of guys let's go get it put all
the phones here so that nobody can be on
their phone during this whole Roz
everyone
just walking around third street right
now enjoying the Santa Monica weather
the beautiful day dam burning burning
burning it's a prank guys hands why'd
you have to come what did she say very
bit fried what's up guys here once again
one two of the much anticipated very
requested interview with the man himself
for freestyled men in the machine mr.
pritchards of Pakistan geysers practice
for the people give them something give
us something right now we don't drink
boy ties John
we ain't no fun on luck in French
because we sells cool yes okay all right
making money yes sir why you searching
for Wi-Fi all the time see the
connection something you can't live it
down now let's go ahead and power
on our to come to the show choose hi
guys here we go
now we're here interview with principal
Pakistan's agent agent manager what do
you got what your client says that he's
doing big things he's going to tour on
small cities like New York yeah and
Cisco we're gonna start small we're
gonna start with audiences are three one
VIP ticket so the other two are gonna
get great seats though yeah and we're
gonna work our way up but it'll get
there yeah what do you think about this
three styles right now you think they're
fire you think it has needs a bruja
we've talked about him not being a lot
to freestyle anymore and just keep it
strictly discipline okay I wanna know if
that's new news to me so trying to find
a new manager so if you know it just hit
me up all right guys you heard it here
first this is the exclusive Q TV
100 Q's with Tyson music idea vitaliy ZD
TV the talent oh you don't have e on
YouTube she's gonna be on Batali's pity
TV walking around we found my hip
Oh
we talk about the kids how you do it for
the kids
something for the kids I mean the case
deserving yeah they do the service the
kids definitely deserve it yeah
definitely always for the kids
it was some fashion tips right now I'm a
hip tell them about life told me like
every generic white girl yeah well like
that is nobody know they try to
oh alright guys I lived it
we literally I literally lived in LA for
a year and never found this freaking the
light being I was looking for it and we
were driving a useless house right now
to pick him up and we found it so he
pulled over and it is right here this is
so dope I'm gonna like running Oh am I
in the picture over there pictures this
is amazing shit right yeah anyway I want
to shout out everybody that really reps
the crew not all you phonies out there
will mess with you only mess with my
real crew members that I've been repping
it and thank you for watching upside for
watching the vlogs shout out to everyone
that came to the LA show the few that
came out to that Late Show if you really
rub the dream crew not know phonies like
I said click that thumbs up button for
me one time let's get like 2000 on here
thank you
