with good crew TV today is the Virginia
van I'm super tired tired morning
there's looking swag he finally got him
some nice cut jeans with the cuff
Barnum's I see it
looking good sometimes sometimes you
gotta grow up anyway we're waiting for
our uber to pick us up we're super late
the event was supposed to start at 11:30
it is now 1152 so we're gonna get there
a little after 12:00 but there's a plus
side there's always a place there's
always a plus time because having and
they're always there probably haven't
even started the event no disrespect
none taken taken not taken okay so yeah
we're gonna a fun day our uber is here
all right we're gonna have a fun day
let's get it started I guess we're here
stairs got that exclusive one of one
season sample pair sample pairs only one
known just cuz you've never seen it
doesn't exist
anyway look at that man
you're the first person in the blog for
this one right so here we go introduce
yourself everybody what's up guys come
on be energetic there you go
you know so I get Diddy what do you want
to say to him
you're technically backstage but not
really
all right eating a kabob shoutout to
Abdullah for getting it for us moolah
baby he's came during the clash
we've been on and off the stages
introducing people maybe like 30 minutes
and Kyle keeps getting bigger and bigger
that's the man right there he came
through with the food thank you yo y'all
missing out next time next year it come
through DMV Afghan festival Tyson or is
probably going to be there again going
to man them to be there again pass and
that's it yes time to eat now you got to
say to the people we got the news
hundreds right here so the home he came
up gave me some socks and custom socks
go ahead and show yourself out very own
at the Emmys very own make season so
we're setting up the booth to sell the
crew shirts right here we got everybody
helping out
loss prevention all right let's go this
old fish ice right hey man I'm glad you
made it a DC future your big fan
C sharp
I'm standing here like it's Judgment Day
don't wanna get into it like you do it
I'm having to the music you just view it
try to tell my ballers in Virginia and
shout out to my cousin's in New York
right now he was a shout out to my boy
in Toronto his father passed away on
Father's Day so I just wanted to tell
some and even water I guess now you got
my gift my family just watches the on
live TV on big screen your nightmare oh
thank you so I appreciate that because
community be cool be cool wear your
sneakers with the law here put that the
way
the backgrounds there you go
run McCallum mid-november a president
please Veronica Coco please vote for
Harris 2015 ready mm now that everyone
is doing okay everyone's like
camerawoman hi guys we just got done
performing right now with everybody
right now
yeah that's all you want to say you
asked me to bring my camera you say hi
hey who wants to do this funny dance
funny dance money I who could do this
money bag
start but she's always late for the show
all right guys what a crazy day I tried
to vlog as much like Marnie oh man he
gave all right amazing event shout out
to everyone in v8 who came through
honestly you guys are amazing loved
performing here what do you think about
the performance I think we killed it I
think it was fine they got sold out at
one point yeah it was like Mike
screeching yeah yeah it was so dope so
shout out to be a guys are amazing thank
you for having us
so we read the whole vet was in grass so
let's look at here this is the ugliest
cave there because you know every the
bottom is like circles there's mud at
each one do you're done no Jason mark
will take here the same shirt like toe
box everything no Jason mark you're good
to go
some kid stepped right there okay my Big
Sean's they're not that bad not that bad
a good thing I did with my bread's only
thing that sucks is the in-between this
crap
what up guys we are at Valentino's right
now where what city system Alexandria's
Valentino's don't free to see shout out
to my homie leaves let's go good baby
I'm gonna give she's free there's ghosts
are going in I'm about to go in first
sure we bout to go in
