yeah what I've heard TV you know what
I'm saying just got cut one time getting
ready to leave for the dream tour it
starts tomorrow in New York City me and
Harris are leaving tonight our flight is
at 11 p.m. and this cop is right here so
I'm gonna that's the police daily vlogs
are back for the rest of the month for
the rest of the year I'm gonna try to
daily vlog as much as I can
I might miss a few days but I'm gonna
try to keep you guys happy and show you
guys my life if you're from New York
City and you're watching this today we
are there Friday October 10th
so yeah 6:00 p.m. red stairs we in there
boy what up guys just showered up and
lined up my beard I wanted to show you
guys something before I started packing
so I was reading some text but I wanted
to show you guys something these are my
Kayne CDs and records so this is the
original college dropout this is not no
recent pickup this is the original not
the remastered with the white border on
it this is the original CD and then late
registration another original in
chemistry a trip there right there then
you got graduation I bought two copies
of these my sister had one ada weights
and heartbreaks watch the throne I just
found the actual physical copy of this
last year actually got it from my
birthday present so I'm happy to have
that and then Beautiful Dark Twisted
Fantasy and then cruel cruel cruel
summer and then Jesus and for the
records
I got college dropout I plan to put
these on my wall soon late registration
shout out to Harris child tuff
metallurgy 808 shout out to swagger and
dark beautiful Twisted Fantasy shout out
to Ashley I can't find graduation I need
watch the throne record and I need I
don't really care about proof summer but
I need Jesus record I'm not sure if they
make Jesus or graduation but I've been
looking for it so if y'all know where it
is are seeing it hot lunchable
all right guys it's hella hot in here so
you see all the fans going right now
like over there anyway I'm packing up
got my options I'm just taking this back
in this bag so it kind of not that much
but got some outfits I'm gonna do some
shopping there too so I gotta be smart
the hardest part is trying to pick the
shoes what am i way on stage what I'm
gonna wear in the city for pictures you
know you know how it goes but I'm not to
go pick up the shirts right now - I
gotta go right now so let's go get them
shirts guys we bought a dip out in like
20 minutes right now our flight is at 11
p.m. it is currently like 9:00 some
thanks you ready
what snapless tan for watching New York
oh I'm ready for Newark guys this is
just a hat when you're a baby
Derek Jeter we miss you bro vamanos
alibi that I'm what up guys we made it
past the curly okay let's know we'll
save it will save me I was gonna show
you guys what he packed that's all good
I'm gonna go get some like snacks for
the plane this vlog is super short I'm
sorry guys
starting tomorrow these vlogs are going
to be fires so tomorrow's vlogs in New
York City fire where we going I'm gonna
go in here real quick so yes all right
guys we have a 20-minute delay not that
bad
Harris over here joins with a my
diamonds they're very giant about to win
if you write three different team paths
in this video
let me show my shirt told us to let it
show he knows I need a right shoe they
won't let me show you guys do this not
exclusive oh well I can show you guys
this one can't see those ones this is
the crucial ring you could seize it
even in the back you got the signature
dream crew 2007 if you're part of the
crew you understand Kristen's crew
season maybe you're thrown out flowers
every day videos every week chasing our
dream every day the crew season baby -
let me tell them about the situation you
see we packed the shirts in a luggage
but we were only able to bring 80 of
them so we have to split 80 between New
York and Virginia so if you don't get a
shirt in Virginia or New York we're
gonna sell them online - but yeah at the
end of this month or as soon as possible
once we get the site going so just wait
on it so I'm like taking advantage of
this floor right now and we're waiting
to board there's these you look younger
with the side trim yeah yeah yeah
fellows peanuts
something simple anything
for what things are being a pinkie is
got baby carrots
I want peanuts not baby carrots
here's doesn't have any music on his
phone so I have to share my music with
it I take a lot of pictures so I have no
room for music with shout out cute for
the clutch you know I'm always question
I'm saying we ready for this New York
City tomorrow we're preparing to be the
culture I'm about to edit this vlog and
on the plane
the grin doesn't stop the ladies them
from the flight deck welcome waves like
six units to Ock New York professor Tom
mercaptans Brian
