for some good TV we are out here in hot
burning la cual his life long walk to
the car but we are gonna get our day
started I call my grandma on speed dial
call it Instagram huh what about to go
right now grab some food the best food
in the world Roscoe's chicken and
waffles you know we had to do it to her
so let's go eat first
no booze is
none of my business I must go in that's
how you know the syrup is overflowing
that's how you know true
so that Roscoe's was like amazing I'm
still thinking about it knocked out in
the back so I get Diddy over here still
contemplating about that waffle I now
hello early Oh guys we are downtown la
fashion district getting the shirts out
here getting the merchandise right now
there's so many possibilities we can do
crew hats we can do buddy
but what do we got some a fire coming
what's up guys I'm here with the world's
greatest rapper let's see how he's doing
hi how are you doing today what's up
guys - boy Prince of Pakistan on the
truck you fueled me and changed your
name I haven't got chance of Persia
Prince of Persia doubt now that my first
mixtape I got a new mixtape dropping
okay yeah yeah you started your career
in 2009 white Corolla with pie so mark
correct in your rapping career yeah
those were the day that's where
everything started back man
I think it's sentimental time I keep I I
feel your emotions and one of your early
freestyle you mention some things that
were a little inappropriate do you wish
to comment on that or no those are dated
my Prince of Persia days we got some new
fire stuff coming along iTunes
SoundCloud just wait on this what what
can you give us a bar from one of your
mixtape I'm chilling with my boy Kai's
Omar they call a young fro more
qualities went down since your career
days you can say that but you know it's
just beauty of sound is in the eyes and
ears of the beholder yeah just gonna be
real is right here this this Harris go
just one bar give it one bar Harris is a
Miami fan oh wait LeBron with you
Cleveland aren't you mad dad
that did arrive at all but it's not it's
not yeah I felt the vibe fuck the buy
for my thing cuz you know fake fans be
like I love Miami but LeBron leaves in
like Oh give my cleveland jersey i'm
shots right there you guys have it thank
you for your time no problem thank you
guys truTV shout out to thank you but
some Jeezy hi guys Doc's won't let you
guys know my mixtape is dropping soon I
said mixtape SoundCloud your video
rapper it lets your reprimand
so you ain't helping me girl like your
hair is on point are you messing with us
heavier it's not the same Canadian it's
not the same connection like a
coordination we have right now help me I
think 35
this new use nothing but pizza Kirby
yeah
I'm addicted it's like crack cocaine I'm
over that we are full so that was it was
not my hips birthday at all you play
your cards right you could get anything
you want in this life exact and we got a
free dessert so I'm so happy this is
early hazelnuts there you go burning
resale value if y'all eat your cake know
that I can afford really really good
yeah he loved me with us
just had a crepe from the oh yeah dough
we got third so we had does the old home
right here man this is the place we met
we were talking about you yeah just
place your bet we fell in love as soon
as that I don't talk about it yeah that
scare that moment just curious yeah
we're just kidding I don't want to let
them know no you don't say that just
keep it to keep it to us okay
anyway who's in your deals you it's that
time again yours right so I'm kidding
specifically women I love women don't
get me wrong I love but women you guys
have a lot of comments okay
the first major problem that I have with
you is every girl that I've seen on
social media says that there's no nice
guys no let me tell you something okay
let me tell you something there
there's a nice guy right there here's a
nice guy the guy recording the man
behind the vlogs oh this guy right here
he's young boys lag examples of shit it
come on and I can't even talk I'm
stuttering right now
I have never been a nicer bunch of guys
and yeah it's like shout out to Harris
he's real nice in the devices right it's
nice but yeah
what world are we living in
I got
you
that
right well there may be something right
maybe you should make it right right
some girls complain about oh I need to
find a different type of guy that's a
fact that's a fact that's a statement
yeah especially on Twitter no instagrams
the worse they've been talking about
these they'd be posting quotes and I'm
saying and then a week later they got a
new thing and they're like you know and
then a week later it's the it's his loss
and then by themselves one word trifling
that's why they get no tag though you
don't say that's what I'm trying to say
know yourself know yourself I'm not on
swings level or Killa cam but you fool
me one on one I could take you bit there
have 1 million won I was like listen you
gotta play a good D you know all right
guys we bout to call it a night this was
one of the realest blogs ever y'all got
some knowledge from this vlog and me
swag and my have got a long drive back
to the bay my hips coming
yeah for sure well stay tuned for Sunday
custard if that is not at this video on
my main channel this shows going up
tomorrow this is going up tomorrow so
Sunday new video it's not at this video
I've made approves of it it's a good one
day trip beautiful trip you know had a
lot of fun shout out to Kai for bringing
me out here and he's going back with us
to be with his family do that funny
dance for them come on Wow the world's
longest when he does oh wow what is this
around the world I'm gonna do this ready
now yeah
we go
but when I say that we chica chica go
run up on a nigga get the squeeze and
squeeze and hope to make me look like I
mean the feeling it's a prank it's a
break want some it's a prank bro
