what I put up guys right now I'm driving
I've got a long drive ahead of me I'm
driving six hours I'm going to Los
Angeles that's right I said it I'm going
to Los Angeles I decided to come last
minute because I realized that the tour
starts next week we got New York oh if
you didn't know we're coming to New York
next Friday and we got VA next Sunday
and we need shirts we need QoP shirts we
need dream crew shirts it's cruise
season so I'm going to LA to get the
shirts I was just driving and I'm
swaggin did he texted me and he's like
hey if you would have told me I would
have gone with you and I was like am I
still haven't barely left so he said all
right I'm down so now I'm actually
picking them up so sorry dude he's on
that yellow mission right now so yeah
we're trying to get these shirts ready
for the tour so just know that if you're
gonna be in the pad if you're coming to
one of the shows for the tour Cruces and
T's will be available I'm not gonna show
you what they look like yeah they know
New York City October 10th three
meet-and-greet at the red stairs 6:00
p.m. and then next Sunday we're gonna be
in Virginia
I'll have the address and all the info
down below but next Sunday it's the
Afghan arts and culture festival and
it's totally free from seven some from
11 a.m. to 7 p.m. we're gonna be
performing and hosting so we'll be there
all day for that working on a few more
and yeah my mom is the world turns but I
am home
yes faggot I picked them up the return
or swagga Diddy then what you gotta say
about life right now you when they give
up that 100 right now
nothing's free in life you gotta pay for
everything this phone had to pay for
that shit this car actually had to pay
for that your freedom you gotta say
anything to kill the cab trying to take
your shot or anything
fuck off cam I love you but that 200 is
not working Jean slow gee I guess we
were back on the road we're about to get
on the 5 here we go y'all five hours
hopefully goes quick
per day what I'm asking like 40 minutes
away from LA
bitchy wasn't with me showing in the gym
they were shooting each other
Kobe Kobe money I hate it had to be him
I thought sixes be like what up guys we
just got here we are on downtown UCLA
what is it's called I used to look at
Westwood I used to live here at you
already forgot shout out to me and then
hold on is blurry bro look at my turf
this guy who works here was asking about
guys another day nup up but he's burning
oh you got once oh now you're talking
about language oh yeah this next issue
right here fire shots on my head for
putting this on for me thank you
so I kidding bro he gave one of the
realest 100 the gravity got into the car
I can't tell you but you got to watch do
you know what nine plus ten is that's
wrong that's wrong it's 21
excuse me what's 9+10 yeah are you guys
I know this vlog wasn't too crazy you
know we were on the road for freaking
six hours of the day back at my hips
house we're crashing here um tomorrow's
vlog will be dope though because we're
gonna be going around LA trying to get
the shirts for the the for the the
shirts for the shirts and yeah I'm
trying to do some dope stuff so I got
some ideas I don't want to tell you guys
yet so I what you got to say it's hot
so I guess burning literally and yeah
make sure you guys give this vlog thumbs
up tomorrow will be eat from my Muslims
brothers and sisters so happy girly Eid
thumbs up for Eid and yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow
good night clean TV
