okay guys I freaking I missed my flight
this morning going to Sacramento for the
pop-up the pop-up starts at 11 a.m. it's
currently 8:10 a.m. and I'm getting on
my flight so I should be good but I
still overslept
how did you feel to have a pop up
without having to worry about driving or
flying or anything it was good it's kind
of weird but you know we got to do it
for the city one time we were last year
we wanted to do it too but yeah I
haven't been to Sacramento so long so it
feels weird so apparently everything's
running late to the pop-up is just
beginning set up right now thanks to Jim
Jim he's late
we're in Jim City and he's late what is
this genome or aquariums for Jay he got
everybody wanted exactly he got what he
wanted and now he's slacking off and for
those people there there's people there
is a heart right here
well that line yeah let's turn the
corner yeah you know
guess
why are you late bro I was up I was up
until 3:00 a.m. after not doing
something good things huh thank you got
a bay huh you got a bay man right here
what time do you come yesterday I came
here at 10:50 a.m. yesterday no way we
got something for you something that we
haven't given anyone else yeah
something special though we just gave
the first like 10 people stand Sox shout
out the stands for showing love to every
stop on the tour and Sacramento showing
hella love man there's way more people
than I expected this is crazy this place
we are in this is all my man's like work
so I'm gonna let him introduce himself
and then we're gonna we're gonna show
the world what we're gonna give to the
first person in line so go ahead yes my
name is David Garibaldi at care of all
the arts on a performance painter so I
create these large 6:4 portraits in
minutes to music I do them on stage so
it like oh no concert but art is created
so you know I create things that are
inspired by pop culture sports icons and
you know in your world one of the icons
is easy and so you know one to create
something that would we can give to like
one of your supporters someone from the
crew
I think we found someone special like I
showed up yesterday there was someone
literally almost 24 hours ago waiting
out here don't you
I think he's the best candidate yeah
yeah I think so too
insert clip of the video right now
right alright so yeah I don't know if
you saw the video will show it to you
him painting it but I'm on stage you
watched it get a lot of time to watch it
anything that his work is not cheap
either
okay so you know so they start at six
thousand dollars really even sold for up
to fifty thousand dollars like before
they're dry so I was so good they said
like that six thousand dollar range of
like value that just you know his
appreciation for you know funny but you
know who it is we waiting in line for
this outside his house Jim you good ever
said this what me and Fuchs said is like
we took you to the aquarium and now you
just slack and breath you got what you
wanted I'm just I'm exhausted
like let's just say your boy was busy
last night we got security guard in the
building let's do this
no idea what he's making right now guys
what crazies he says I have a picture in
front of him or anything he's literally
just painting this based off of what's
in his head
so that was the warm-up through the head
hey everyone
yeah one more oh my god that was crazy
okay so for the next one I'm gonna do a
time-lapse so I'm gonna put the camera
down and we're gonna see this one
alright here we go the second painting
my man right now pulled up and he made
me a very very happy man because he
asked me if I have these yet and I don't
have them yet so I'm buying him off of
him he hooked me up for two hundred and
fifty dollars I appreciate it man thank
God brother that we do it hugs out here
bro
we doin hug hell yeah and shout out some
prank and shout out to Dan beer hello
come on alright guys so it has been like
what four hours five hours since the
last pop-up and your boys tired because
we've been up early but we just been
chilling and just you know $100,000 car
but now we are finally here at top golf
this is not a paid promotion I told
these guys to bring my car back look
what they do
yeah we're gonna have we're gonna have
some fun with that tomorrow guys the
pre-order just ended shout out to
everybody who copped something off the
pre-order shout out to everybody who
copped the chains now it's time to put
them into production you're doing the
work BAM yes this is the man right here
it's putting the work in and you guys
should be getting your orders within the
next one two weeks about two weeks we're
gonna put them in production out two
weeks so orders just start shipping out
two weeks okay the please give it time
for the orders to be shipped out okay
like like don't blow up our Twitter's is
pretty much really saying like patience
if you have not got your order in three
weeks then that's when you hit us up
okay but not the two-week point is not
the two-week notice and dream you score
at gmail.com Jim Cruiser at gmail.com I
don't answer to that email so don't
email that unless it's a serious
question about merchandise purchases or
any problems with yeah so yeah so last
time we were on the first floor in Vegas
this time we're on the second floor so
I'm excited to see how it plays out from
from this point of view
let's get skinny behind the red line you
guys got five hours I stopped
I got bro you give me a shout-out on
Instagram sage the Gemini is gonna end
bad or really good very bravely go got
me are you gonna fall down guys I almost
won I lost my freakin seven points I had
120 I almost had a breath I almost had
it
larger earlier broke my back
I'm scared to try to hit it hard hold on
one one point boy give me that one point
top golf was lit it's time to head out
of here
you boys tired been up early Jim's out
tomorrow guys we got to go see what Jim
does for a living
we're going to work with Jeff yeah he's
gonna give us a full tour of the five
pillars head office slash source LA and
all the other stuff they got going on
over there
I have some stuff chilling over there
I've never been over there so we're
gonna check out the headquarters of
where Farouk and GM work every single
day and I met them yeah
this guys supposed to be in school
tomorrow and he's not going to school
seniors be like I hate we see you at the
hotel guys yeah alright guys so we
finally got to our hotel room jung-geun
half-naked in here we call it a night
I'm about to start editing and uh hold
on I got to show you these pickups right
here cuz these things are so flame I
turn this damn light off okay so as you
guys might know if you watch the last
few videos and last Nika Khan I've been
trying to get these shout-out to the
homie who brought these just for me to
buy
I could have offered him retail and he
would have took it but I wasn't gonna do
him like that so I offered him $250 and
he took it and bam the Bruce Lee kairi's
the Kobe Mamba mentalities the Kyrie
Kobe's whatever you want to call them
these shoes right here are sick this is
like one of the best Nike basketball
sneakers or themes or in general just
like the only thing that's been hyped
about that I've been hyped about for
Nike basketball in the past like three
years basically this is the Kyrie 3 it's
inspired by the Bruce Lee Kobe five
because that's the issue that Kyrie wore
in like a high school basketball
tournament or something like that and
that's like Kirby's favorite shoe I
guess and basically they took the half
Kyrie logo right here half Kobe logo I'm
very very happy to have these I'm not
gonna use them for basketball I kind of
want to just wear these for like just to
wear like when's the last time I work
Thank You basketball shoe casually
something else that I like is that the
fade on the shoe is only on the back tip
which is really weird because usually
like the fade happens like midway over
here they just did on the back which is
pretty dope Sacramento showed so much
love shout out to David letting us use
his studio he did an amazing amazing
live performance with his art and I
didn't even know how much his art is
worth so he blessed me with two pieces
the Jordan and the off-white Jordan one
which is crazy so I really appreciate
that I cannot wait to hang that in my
apartment and then in my house later on
in my life this Saturday
is the Bay Area pop-up I've been hyping
this one up for a long time because last
year on the tour we cancelled the Bay
Area stop there's gonna be a ton of
surprises
and then it's just gonna be insane it's
gonna be a soul supremacy this Saturday
and then this Sunday is Phoenix so
Saturday social supremacy Sunday at Ben
had those both of those pop-ups are
gonna be crazy so Bay Area and Phoenix
it's your time to represent no more
online drops we did it online drop every
single Friday every Friday we did
sellout so thank you to everybody who
copped their merch some people's orders
are still being shipped out for the past
few weeks it's just you know we're
backtracking we've been having a lot of
orders so you know Farook and the team
and GM that they're taking care of
everything so just be patient with us
yeah that's pretty much all the updates
for today make sure to go to the Bay
Area pop up yeah either oh yeah and then
um he's gonna start a YouTube channel
really soon right yeah we need to get
him a camera and stuff so lucky maybe
we'll get we'll find you a camera
tomorrow basically if you guys don't
know this is my little cousin he's a
senior in high school so his life's well
he does some dumb stuff so he's like a
smaller Dumber version of me not like
Dumber as in like being smart just
dumber and like doing stupid stuff like
if you follow him on a snapchat he's
always like posting like stupid stuff
like big stuff and partying and with his
friends and stuff like that so he might
create his channel so yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow
I'm out of here
dream cool piece
