what up crew TV in Savoy Harris so I
just been running around all day getting
stuff for Caixa surprise birthday party
that he has no idea about so we got
together talked with his mom and Ashley
and swag Dustin we're all getting
together and just bought a bunch of
stuff from Target because I know he
loves Target
yeah I can't wait to surprise guys I
love the guy it's a little surprise
birthday party for MOC him and Ashley
were in Hawaii for his actual birthday
so we had throw him a little some some
now that he's back guys we love you man
hope you enjoyed tonight it's going to
be fun all right guys so I can the
office match right now and I'm about to
make this a little thing for Kai's a
little poster with all the friends of
famines going to be at the surprise
tonight hopefully um so see how it goes
so we finally made it a Kabul Express
and waiting on kites right now we have
some special guests in the house we got
you Driss the one and only holiday we've
got swag over here Phil came through the
light bow okay we got to get some life
for there we go boy Chris came through
he loves chicken guys you guys already
know in the building like all you like
yeah you're Larry King show Larry King
hey lyric II live in the building all
right killer cam your boy dusty got the
cousins over here too all ready for the
surprise
why is he responding I don't know we're
gonna find out today hopefully WQ you're
the realest 101 hos give us a 100 with
swag for his birthday go
nice is one of those rare breeds you
know you don't see them too often it's
like a unicorn but he's not a unicorn
you feel me remember
so means swaggy P in our class we didn't
read the chapter right we get our test
our chapter was on Islam I look at Mike
Saigon row and propel this example
enough riding and a muffler grades up
you
my mama likes is make sure you're
breathing eggs on your family's coming
over the house so I thought this whole
time
oh yeah hey my bag oh just out here
chillin you know I don't get much face
time anymore so you know who I am so I
don't cut so I got it oh so you do so I
can ease the precious guy out really
just yeah you don't got the iPhone 6
there he's buddy alright so Harris made
these right here
show him how you pose that your model
food sure because you thank you
privately looks at us hey there
everybody I'm the man I'm
yeah the arms
ah
you
Hey
you
alright guys we are outside to tell AHA
start posting that picture on screen
when I wasn't in it
you were in it well you weren't in it
I'm supposed out of the camera oh my bad
we got what well but god it's like we go
to 7-eleven yeah okay
can we get a hundred with swag wait we
need one over there we get some
wandering yeah you don't piss me off I
was the first one I started that memory
those know everyone I was giving people
life advice yeah yeah yeah whoa 200 with
killer cam not your vegetables okay I'm
half the age of swag - he's 40 bro you
get your little special outro thank you
right there so my mom's were telling me
if I cam on tour when you come back from
Hawaii what day do you wanna cuz I was
in Hawaii for my birthday what day do
you want to get together with your
grandparents and your aunts and uncles
and I was just like okay just do it that
Friday at my and she said it's gonna be
at my house and I didn't want anything
big or anything like that you know for
me I'm an old guy now today was a day I
thought they were coming over to my
house just like five or 10 people five
or six people if I said to six people
and then my mom's like oh no we're going
to this restaurant thank you for
checking and then um
so I went to sleep all day I had a
headache I went to sleep and then I wake
up and then actually calls me and she's
like she's like dressed up because we're
going out later after the dinner and I
was like all right so she's like we're
your nice shoes right were my nice shoes
you don't wear sneakers yeah we don't
wear our sneakers I was gonna wear my
easy second dinner basically thank God I
didn't and then um when I shoot when I
do when I got here all the lights were
turned off and I was like what the hell
and I walked in and everyone's here it
was I was in shock I'm season I just say
half the people here I didn't expect him
to be here and it was crazy it's
basically when planning this me Ashley
and crisis mom planning this for about a
week
about a week ago about a week ago yeah
so thank you and I reported some stuff
before as a before perfectly that you
already saw that by that okay great see
he's already ahead of the game when why
is yours buggin oh yeah what's up with
your boy Harris we're out here
hashtag painful also you know does it so
how do I do it so if you got the Ziggy
say we have the Gucci Gucci so basically
what you want to do is you like a lot of
people start from the middle what I like
to do like to start from the side I know
y'all know about ants on a log but what
you know about gushers on it so much is
the heavy draped in the precious man
little slash like home serella guys
closed eyes closed you gotta really tell
ya eyes closed no juices
toaster worked out Oh what I'm good yeah
I left the party is like 1 a.m. right
now
we're a Buffalo Wild Wings
then
as you can see we're still hungry
I barely ate at the party I like
previous living and yeah so we bought
the grub right now fresh cut to change
seeded your way I needed this it's like
home nipply ashtray down I got call the
drop out I got it away said I got my dog
you get a full twisted fantasy so thank
you so I get didn't did you feel a bag I
love you for all wish you were here
fortunately but under certain
circumstances you cannot be recycled a
girl
he originally got me something else but
yeah do you need to be camera no my arm
hurt yeah excellent another one later
registration baby originally got me call
drop out but watching off my Jeremy's
burning Ernie what do I have left out
awesome great washes Road and graduation
I love it for graduation yeah got it
sharp razor sharp 3 sorry
thank you show treat this rain video oh
hey 200 200 with killer cam okay cuz
he's a lot older me fuck it is a cock
off that's like a disrespectful Kaka
swag fellow when the ocean is before the
thing I don't know under when the ocean
is both are you guys talking about my
reference there hey boys I have no ideas
see all right let's go me start again
alright tomorrow Killa cam always dies
every time I stay in school my god
listen to your parents listen to it you
listen here your pod Adam you're my dad
shoutout to Harris good dude
I give Harris lots of likes on his
Instagram don't unfollow guys what Real
Talk though you know I'm saying we here
for crisis birthday we had a great night
no it's about my family vibe be true to
you be true to your homies be there for
them and they'll be there for you that's
200 killer cam okay
no not make my contact here elemental
wait no you're not supposed to touch
hands in elementary no this is all go
Judah hides in high school okay so the
tutor hides over all right senior year
guys
we see your year we're 21 and Megan just
got home opened up the gifts that
everyone got me got a lot of colognes
anyway nice feet
and yes take anyway it was a crazy night
didn't expected at all I was at home
sleeping the whole day you know all my
friends are there on my family so it was
really cool I had a really good time
yeah hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
give me give a thumbs up for my mom
Ashley Harris for setting up the party
and I mean Ashley in Harris being the
accomplices and helping her up and and
yeah thank you guys for watching we'll
see you tomorrow and deuces
