what's up everybody its Harris so Christ
told me in swag to v-log our days I'm
heading to school right now I live in
Modesto my schools in Sacramento I'll go
to Sac State and me I have an
hour-and-a-half Drive if I don't hit any
traffic so I'm gonna take you guys along
with me and hope you guys enjoy what's
up everybody guys told me to be logged
my day so I'm in the car right now as
you guys could tell see posters and if
you guys know anything about me you guys
should know that I love sleep and I hate
mornings so
Sam all knows who the new stop so I'm
walking in class right now hopefully the
teacher doesn't mess up my name again
today it's actually could you know what
fuck this I'm dropping out just got out
of class you feel me
be out here and look who I ran into
burning Omron children burning these are
the homies right here you feel me
introduce yourself what's good I'm Dom
that rob so what do we do what what
classic were we in right now I fell
asleep Cameron over here today yeah you
were I swear I got like seven hours of
sleep lesser ones burning what is that
bro protein
it's a alien and unicorn blood pitch
white finally done for the day about to
head home so hour-and-a-half Drive I
said everybody who just got out of class
I almost fell asleep in that class - I
don't know what's wrong with me found
out that my last classes cancelled so
long hella happy going home early
let's our game a woodchip avoid heaven
Oh what's up with house crew TV oh let's
see what's going on here Josh and that's
Brett right there say Oh substitute T V
sub crew TV TV TV just got the W same
thing
no we just did our thing out here you
know I didn't play very well but my
niggas do looking nice look at that
comb-over
you know fresh cut by Picasso cam over
there haircut on fleek rest up okay rap
Jersey you know we throw it up we do a
big blue out here big blue wrapped up
our game got the W now I'm at in shape
City right now
leave my brother cams here about to get
a little workout in what's up guys hey
what's up hey just got home and look
what my mom
- yes me I think me and award - ruch for
all you Afghans out there this is my
guess I see you guys you get new to the
channel this used to be a clock the
Jordan fly but times are hard you feel
me gotta sell some cakes selling these
right here I sold most of them I sold
like half of these the reason why I'm
selling is because I get a lot of
questions like swag what's your favorite
shoe are what's your Holy Grail or
whatever I guess I'll show you guys I'll
tell you guys my top 5 and this is a no
order bread ones yes they have been worn
I love these shout out to kites I love
you guys he sold these to me a week week
before my birthday or a couple days
before my birthday the Space Jam my
older brother got me for my birthday if
you guys follow me on instagram you guys
would know this oh I love these these
are I got these with Harris at the mall
oh my god that's crazy
each shoe I was like a like a meaning to
it it's not like oh you have a shoe so
just wear it
Brendan says in the camera now and he's
a natural
I got a FaceTime call so I want you
either
oh if it is it mohit got swag he has
more swag than me burning but yeah it's
possible bro I could vouch for you no no
no we don't do those anymore ddoddo
what's one thing you hate about case you
have to answer it one thing you hate
about him it could be anything it could
be
this is cams food right here I after
workouts explain this is my cheat this
is chocolate chip pancakes and covering
whipped cream I don't use the syrup
because I'm gonna die mark well over
there he's got his ankle you know 100
with marquel hit us with some truth
right now here this was that 100 like
what is it
see what happened was no what happened
look at that shit I don't know what
happened that's what happened I don't
know what happens all of you guys that
don't know that's my little brother
right there two years apart
we're going to Walmart right now I can
get some ice cream like night my late
night munchies you know you're in your
dad's for when
hey oh yes
how you doing G let me see that what you
doing over here with all these females
though wouldn't you see BAE for the
first time
when you see a crush for the first time
it's not always about Jordan LeBron and
Kobe sometimes you know it could be a
different shoe this is probably shoot
hands a move soon right here you picture
me playing basketball and the hoopsters
league and series like what as you can
see I got the shoes on this is one of
the first part basketball shoes my dad
is about me and uh all doing good and I
got a subbed out and my dad was happy so
give me your grade and told me to pose
for a little picture my dad took this
picture
my little brother right there holding
the basketball my little brother Adam
man so I thought today that I traded all
these shoes just for just to keep this
one right here I'll show you guys going
to sneak peek of my collection live out
on the bars right here so I don't have
much Jordans left but as you'll see I
love my three years and I love 12 so
basically what those they've got a
couple of day this is the only code I
have my collection only Kobe that fuck
will have sadly my cousin Aaron passed
away recently and he left Kobe when we
all worked local abroad I don't know how
he an Oberlin Kobe but he did and so I
got these just for him they will
personalized thing I didn't grow up like
that was what I would add on the camera
here's a point like that by age right
there so I had to get these just for men
dance at home
what's up everyone I just got two new
park mall if you guys don't know what
that is that's the mall in Fremont
garbage but I'm here because guys John
and can API 786 they came fear the beard
okay all I'm saying
he said to meet me here so I think I
should just go back home
reduce
double people why are you bugging today
I throw your blog yesterday did you get
a full body shot here
yeah to fitted for the new park mall
here love these two these two our best
couple ever talking shop so yeah I don't
really vlog I actually felt dizzy like
watch this Titanic play the music
did see like so there's been this
memorial terminus his second semester
that's been going on for my cousin Erin
had a sex date he would used to work at
the well he went school a sex date and I
went to his tournament recently couple
days ago so I'm gonna show you guys some
clips and stuff that I have from there
so hope you guys enjoy
my god this is not a good place for me
for those of you who don't know I am
diabetic I've been diabetic since I was
two years old so eighteen years and look
at all this right here what sugar in it
woman Ashley
guys I hope you enjoyed the vlog of
yesterday and today I want to give a big
shout-out to Kai's for letting me be log
thank you for watching I hope you liked
it if you didn't pretend like you did
the and like rate subscribe damn Bernie
I can't even talk right now
QoP baby we the best well better get a
thousand likes for swaggity if it
doesn't get a thousand likes and you
don't get only miss it would say ah
that's it I'll be behind the scenes
forever
