he has arrived the man of the hour is
here what do you have to say that fuck
you can't buy my face about the pall on
your I'm about the ball on y'all how
many about to drop today 2930 2930 for a
shout-out to my DJ right there DJ DJ
have to say DJ sign in the mix are still
around finna come out here tonight work
on this on these little wheels but
really the drama she's gonna draw comes
up in my 60 I'm dropping 62 hey guys how
the game goes up to 50 right Desmond
isn't matter though not a jump in 60 the
time is this each ball so thank you go
appreciate I'm here you guys female a is
here already valet
okay how much about to drop I said I
don't want to pass 1549 four point good
pregame pregame always good very tired
four years ago how many points
triple-double
laughing flight work they want it I'm
gonna play my king no say that's what I
do that's why I do what I do it's
nothing like that Harris Brody's going
to the army or something look at it bro
look at that Linda didn't even know what
he's doing bro this guy Shawn look at me
this guy this guy showed up because
we're playing cricket oh come on
you see my team is smart you know I'm
saying look notice though he's talking
to the ref talking to the ref you get on
his good side this is if this is a man
should we do I told him to throw my pad
I'm the best batter out here oh shit
Imran Khan all day
yeah yeah he's ready he's switching
issues at half time
yo
we do in LA
not you but you can represent us ting
won I got a member that we we just won't
go out yeah win all right
let's do what we do they know who we are
let's go
3:58 halftimes first team in 25 free
throws
we're shooting two or three cool all
right rock-paper-scissors I'm screaming
isn't window like after seven thousand
oh we can't count and B April and May
rules yeah all I'm here
I'm not trying to lolly come on it was
enough breath you got we go chica go run
up on a nigga
you
ah
ah
you
ah
you
I want to thank you guys for being a
part of the QoP classic yearly and uh
yeah first angle yawn you don't 3-1 yeah
hi y'all the game got done YouTube
all-stars came out on top we came out on
top I told you man they can't hang with
us right
hey kid I hate what do you gotta say to
these guys man you know it wasn't ready
man something for the kids and honestly
shots of kikes for holding this whole
thing man hey YouTube all-stars all day
hey we'll talk about miss together man
it's been like a month and a half two
months bro and that was fun like nice to
see each other everyday man freestyle is
in your court Oh first quarter peace uh
I'm sorry bro I'm sorry
hold on this is the perfect moment
listen I understand that business
Johnson so I could be how does it feel
bro I'm not trippin y'all so good run
but you didn't score the timbrel Union
no follow back okay he got hey people
die every day
no one play right now one play go one
play I'm the man I'm the man
whoof I'm tired man shoutout to all my
homies my brothers for coming out today
I'm about to shower up though and I'm
gonna meet up with the homies and we're
gonna go eat right now oh yeah I forgot
to show you guys what I was hoping with
that I was hooping in my Kobe Gumbo's
decided to use these four hoop super
comfortable you have to break them in or
anything so shut up the coke shout to
kobe Nike hey Annie
Mitchell use write vigil gesture oh yeah
we're all showered up everybody showered
up half when they tell us about Dustin's
performance today
Dustin is really good one-on-one but
today he did it we didn't execute he
fell off many fellows tonight oh yeah we
just got the round tip about a going
mean so I ordered this for ourselves and
girl is right
hahaha shout out to everyone so they
came in here I guess you rat he saw us
in here and he's out of breath and run I
love you Connor actually I love you too
- so we left because I thought you guys
were at silliman so we went over to
Silla when we came back here
you saw you on the snapchat and all go
to round team y'all want a picture with
Colin Kaepernick is younger brother
alright guys I snuck backstage I'm with
the superstars y'all nervous yeah second
show brother I'm ready to see them bro I
mean we just want be yourself - I've
been back to throw these underwears at
them for sure what's up bro you nervous
was good this is nothing new to you huh
nope no I'm nervous as hell I throw up
yeah I was getting why cuz it's in front
of your home the home the family and
it's a show it shows them how nervous
yeah I feel it
cuz each night I improv a whole bunch of
portion so knowing that I'm gonna go up
there without knowing what to say it's
scary so he can mess up any second so
that's why you buy your tickets to the
show and come see this present it's also
crazy are you nervous
very much you excellent referee today my
harness my new gorilla practice bro I
rode the bench I just watched refs hand
signals the cause I mean they're not
good thank you but I appreciate you but
come on now you know a t-shirt not
honestly boom I'm gonna call some tile
for him yeah bro that's some tumble yes
give me a bra he did you realize but
this Misaki but we didn't need a brush
didn't need a brush
now look I was back there with my boys
warm bucket and juice and they said from
what they've heard and Leila I was a
little more louder
so the show ended just meeting green out
the oh look at that look at that all
Oh
hey pick us the wrong boys alright guys
hope you really enjoyed this vlog
because it was a long day and I really
enjoyed it too make sure you guys give
it a thumbs up click that like button
and I'm leaving tomorrow so I'm about to
go pack my bag so I can't wait for you
guys to see those walls it's gonna be
pretty dope and I've done that good
night guys unless you're watching this
in the daytime and yeah see you guys
tomorrow
