good afternoon ku TV family laugh my
crew ventures I don't know if I'm gonna
stick to calling you guys that but I
thought it was pretty cool I'm about to
go to a meeting right now and then I but
I'm gonna get drunk juice first cuz I
need something in my system want to say
that I'm super excited because today is
a day that I've been waiting for for a
while now I am going to Wayne versus
Drake the concert you know those are two
of my favorite artists definitely super
excited so for those of you who are
wondering what I get when I go to Jamba
Juice because you know I mess with Jamba
Juice tough I always get strawberries
wild occasionally I'll get white gummy
but I mainly mess with strawberries
while then I usually get the little
Belgian waffles but I can't really eat
those because my teeth are still a
little sore I'm about to it was about to
go home right now and then I'm gonna go
to a minute so I gotta sell some of my
sneakers bro trying to get over this
sneaker addiction which is very hard I'm
not gonna fish like fully get over it
but try my best to you know give her the
shoes that I don't know they need in my
life and if I am correct there should be
a package waiting for me and I'm a
hypocrite because I said I'm selling
some shoes but then I have a package
expected to be here with some shoes so
we'll see if I get that package right
now alright guys I was wrong the package
is not here
I've gotta say goodbye to my babies you
know I love you guys you guys were all
good
I love you even though I never worried
you I respected you you you were you
were amazing I got you from New York
you all were amazing sneakers in your
times but you will be in someone else's
hands feed and in someone else's
collection who will appreciate each and
every what don't cry don't don't try
don't do this really nigga swag the
sneaker god my kicks on fire it keeps on
fire right yeah fire million followers
I'm about to go see Wayne and Drake
tonight brother likes oh my god they say
why Jesus about to be their best rapper
alive little Wayne don't care where no
one thinks that's what I think we bout
to be so right now I'm about to see how
much I'm gonna get free man for sneakers
so I made probably like $150 off of each
shoe so I know I didn't lose any money
shout out the soul supremacy coming
through like always and yeah put this
money in my account cause this is my
vacation money you know I'm saying and
now it's time to go
mm man they came and they didn't leave
my package on the door because they said
it required frickin signature so now I
gotta wait until tomorrow man this is a
crap out
the struggle but it's all good no stress
you know this is materialistic things so
as you guys know we had the money dance
contest because you guys got last Friday
and Saturdays vlogs a thousand likes and
you guys got Sundays logged a thousand
likes didn't get yesterday's vlog a
thousand likes though so the winning
streak has ended
but all my hair's probably a little
messed up right now
Oh God can't believe I just log like
that okay okay okay okay it's never too
late so let's make sure we get this vlog
a thousand likes so make it happen I'm
gonna show you guys some of the funny
shmoney dances cuz there's some dumb
ones
let me see where's the kid some kid had
a mask oh here we go this guy printed
out my face and made his good neck looks
like something daddy's in front of the
Ferrari brat any of the flag boys check
out this one she had this dude had like
his mom holding a dentist and flag let
me show you guys this one this one was
pretty dope noticed that killing the
game we're gonna pick two winners and it
will be real and the winners will be
announced on this Friday's vlog so dad
for all the people that are asking why
we just got to the concert yeah I'm
gonna try to count how many
Lando wrapped around their waist today
come on - too many basics out here like
that
five that's five it's just like one
small ass area anyway look at this
I've gotta count how many girls have
their flannel around I seemed like 10
all right
Mason I I mean I used to do it before
everyone else now everyone's doing it I
feel I got internet fashion since I
don't like it's ridiculous so I'm not
gonna hate you no soon I just did we
just got to our seats and we are way
closer that I thought we were gonna do
this
we're like head I thought we were like
all the way back there but
right now
like three songs and this might be one
of the best crowds we had
- I got your money
Oh BeoSound shit my boss my mentor my
brother the reason I'm on this stage she
goes by the name of Lil Wayne
for one night and one night only I'm
only here for one reason in the bay and
that's the worstest nigga alive so enjoy
the show
my name is the waning coming to
cinematographer
- yo Justin tonight mr.kvr me I was
backstage ready and shit like first
start you know when it is a new heart
rate you hold up let me fix my hair it
runs go straight up
it's not like fun
the white shirts right just
Oh dip a politician natura please excuse
my table manners making room for the
take this every judging oh stop
this is all fashion way too retro shit
that's all fashion see what I'm saying
now closed caption baby pigs see this
shit good sex meaning it keep it brought
all the flow here pilot season chase I
plead the fifth strike
you miss me
smother me to say my new gotta stop
doing shit buddy make up my mind
admitting shit I swear to God I got
Matty
look I got 99 problems
nube was in this motherfucker alright
brother the concert just ended that was
to turn one of the best concerts I've
ever been to top three for sure but that
was
the Drake shouted Dustin out shouted me
out
he said you're up in the game run money
so my voice is gone I'm tired as hell
it's time to go home oh my god gotta go
eat hungry starving back off the hook
Harrison swag missed out and that's none
of my business
