so guys I just want to apologize for
missing the 15th day of 30 days 30
videos yesterday I decided to take the
day off from vlogging I chose not to
upload anything that day it was kind of
like the halfway point break I'll make
it up to you guys don't worry though
because I'm gonna release a second video
on my main channel this week on
Wednesday or Thursday so stay tuned for
that thank you everybody who watched a
new video her on police appreciate it
but anyway I'm on mine so I'm on my
Facebook page okay so I have my personal
facebook that I don't I still use it as
like a way to interact with everybody
but here's the thing so check this out
look I've post my vlog okay and I got
that I got 4995 friends post my vlog my
boys Samadhi couple other people and
four other people like this so out of
five thousand people seven people liked
it it's kind of strange Facebook used to
show people to post so this is what I'm
understanding is that Facebook does not
show everybody that is your friend all
the posts it's kind of annoying man you
gotta like pay facebook for them to shit
it's stupid but this is my actual fan
page where I have 40 38 thousand likes
on it and this one gets a lot of love
like this one gets like a thousand likes
for this video but these are uploaded to
directly this is the actual video this
is why and I feel like deleting my real
facebook because this is stupid
whatup guys just got done cleaning my
room
and accept my bed I didn't do my bed but
anyway I just want to show you guys this
because I thought this was pretty dope
so somebody tweeted me and they said
they just had a different flow to it
with that Miss vid og and then I replied
and I said yesterday I wasn't feeling
that great either sorry man and then Tim
de la ghetto replied back and said don't
let it happen again you can see it don't
let it happen again so
shoutouts Idaho me Tim one of the
realest I've met on YouTube such a dope
dude man and you replied to my tweet not
it's not like a tweet to where I tweeted
him like he replied to my tweet of just
something that had nothing to do with
him so it shows that he's paying
attention and that he's not just all
about himself you know he knows he's a
paying attention to who on it who's on
his timeline so I shout out to Tim if he
is watching this man thank you for I
appreciate it always been always will be
one of my favorite youtubers and now one
of my favorite TV stars because he's
killing it on wild and out so pretty
much I didn't really do anything cool
today to vlog I'm not gonna just end
this vlog right here because you know I
always gotta give you something special
here's the bloopers for her own police
and remember tomorrow's let's get this
vlog a thousand likes even though it's
not great tomorrow's vlog is gonna be
way better going to the Wayne vs. Drake
concert let me show you guys first of
all what they gave me
the winner is Drake towel it's like
whatever way in verse 3 towel and then
they also sent me Limited Edition
apparently yeah but we all know what
that means
it ain't limited edition but look at
these limited edition has all drinks out
tours on there take the card through
here yeah let's call it three and then
this one so it's kind of weird so yeah
tomorrow's vlogs gonna be dope so make
sure you guys check it out oh yeah and
I'm also shooting the new video tomorrow
that I'm gonna release on I think I'm
gonna release it Thursday so Wednesday
or Thursday thank you guys for watching
again if you haven't solved all ready
make sure you subscribe yeah
testing one two three top yak this HR or
this yak this HR testing but can I hold
you and stick your body up how we gonna
do that
are we looking at huh-oh swags oh not
wearing these steep I say I haven't read
that like you gustas digger your voice
crack all the brothers will talk shit
about you like man comes from
Afghanistan about four foot five inches
Ruffy really nice I like that did it
Sharpie your Sharpie babe no no I've
started on freak before it I know that's
why here that's why you are the one cuz
you notice those things
fuck you I'm gonna marry her want to go
in huh okay
garden
oh my god fucking this yeah bitch I'm
good
to me sharp pretty bitch
