what's really cool TV you see me and
saga D we're really serious about our
sneakers and we couldn't get the what
the LeBrons online so we came the 90s f
to try our luck but not getting our
hopes up some dude was sending me like
pictures he's like four thin lines was
giving me all the info we after all God
burning we have to wait until 10:00 a.m.
and then we see if we're able to get a
pair so this is not even guaranteed a
pair did you guessed it
so we're trying to find the bathroom for
saga D because you gotta pee
that rhymed and I'm hungry that rhymed -
so chanseong look at all those check-in
SF we do not care about crosswalks we
just walk you should see New York New
York's ten times crazier so I can't ever
been to New York yo guys we got like 15
more minutes then we get the shoes I'm
here with the homies five minutes I say
what's up with Doug is need time can't
the shoes and it's my size I'm walking
out wearing - oh that's a bold statement
staying in my closet I just got my pair
nice tits right there he's getting he
got the last nine and a half so we got
to have the breads alright guys so
here's a sneaker that we went crazy for
everything on the LeBron for those who
don't know is from different models and
colorways the bottom is my favorite part
with that fruity pebble so Harris it's
what comes in to 13 Harrison's no to be
found me and strike a deep playing some
2k I got Lakers he got of course
Cavaliers the best team because little
of Brian James we've got to just place
him to Kim about to beat him real quick
and then we gonna keep it 100 and start
shooting this new video for tum today
this video will be out today so yeah
later today probably in a few hours
you're gonna be catching this new video
that I'm about to we're about to shoot
so check it out hey guys so the score is
50 131 with a minute left
your boys winning the Lakers are
smacking that swagga diddy Cleveland ass
well done after I make this shot I'm up
by Brandi 136 258 your voice Cleveland's
finest and I'm wearing this because my
jaw was hurting so this is giving a nice
I beat him last time so you feel me
that's such a typical excuse guys very
typical
what's up people we are at Costco
special guest in the house finally
arrived he got the shoes to shout out to
you don't shut him out shout slowly
sneakers on boy Jacob wake up
that's the man right there came through
in the clutch literally buzzer beater
yeah buzzer Peter Kobe Bryant where am I
going James what no coke LeBron doesn't
do buzzer beaters so we're getting these
guys if you didn't know Costco has cheap
movie tickets it's 2 for 15 bucks which
is a steal and we're gonna watch them in
so we're gonna watch the mayweather
fight at the movie theater
have you ever seen that like girl that
used to have a crush on in junior high
but you were too scared to see her but
you see her now just like really nigga I
guess we're at the store a Halloween
story no idea what this place is called
but we need a wig for Harris
yeah I'm sorry you're speeding wait wait
oh my that's perfect I'm gonna call her
shark free to shark Sun free shot what's
up everybody
Terrace filming this new video for you
guys black ice make a Shia LaBeouf so
we're filming Haram police part 2 today
and it's gonna be pretty funny hope you
guys like it Shia
I love transformers you did a great job
nice to me right now hi what's up guys
it's Shia LaBeouf I do nude scenes down
believe he's really gonna make me wear
this we're filming wrong police and this
is the most haram thing i've seen after
wear this this is a towel but it's gonna
get skirt Carson is a wrap ladies and
gentlemen MTV this video will be up
later today in a few hours I think 3
p.m. which is our 3 p.m. is like East
closed 6 p.m. oh he's close yes please
so how was it filming with Megan Fox
so we're wrapping everything up right
now just got done shooting the new video
guys the best thing about this video is
that it's not a lame prank
it is a real QP classic skit it's gonna
be an instant classic y'all gonna love
it it's called Haram police - and it
woke me up
really nigga today in a few hours and if
you're not watching this on Sunday and
it's already up in today's vlog get a
thousand like charity because if today's
vlog got a thousand likes that means
that we have to give away dream KU shirt
in this vlog 1,070 that's on today's the
big shot that means I got a giveaway
dream crew shirt now I got to think
about it
alright guys we just got to the theater
about to uh about to watch mayweather
knocks I don't know what's the guy's
name
Madonna's ass again second time so we
figured out what we're gonna do to give
away the dream crew shirt you guys are
gonna go on Instagram and you have to
send us your sh money dance so you got
to do the shmoney dance to the part
where it goes everybody about a week ago
a week ago so whoever does the best
money dance
let's give it two days so in two vlogs
and then i'll pick one person and i'll
make them the winner and i will send
them the dream crew shirt and we'll all
all autograph it and this is how you do
it send us a video on Instagram
make sure your instagrams on private
that's the rule one make sure you tag me
and make sure you put hashtag oh yeah
make sure you're following all those up
make sure that's the most important part
or else we're not gonna see your sh
money dance make sure you put a hashtag
dream crew that's it and we'll pick one
you know what let's pick two winners two
winners two winners two shirts imma send
the shirts out the next day after so you
guys have two days do your shmoney dance
do with multiple people get creative get
creative make it make yourself the hot
two videos in a row this is gonna be the
third video in a row you guys get 1000
likes
let's get 2,000 like for this one for
this money that's it for the dream
current because these guys 1,000 for
Harris 1,000 for swag and like three for
me so much swag manis so very nice guy
man hey you keepers you over that's why
cuz it if you could have that posters
done please
boom money team is successful again
there's the salty there's my cousin
shout out to my cousin Oh maid who works
here and he says that wasn't a bite but
it wasn't by any other God but how you
gonna bite him hon come on now
you look like one of my boys in LA his
name is Jamie so I'm gonna get a picture
of you I'm gonna do a side-by-side one
of our favorite things about boxing is
the phantom camera when it's like a
super super slow-mo camera in hello
hello millions of frames so swag video
tables we're gonna do a demonstration
I'm Floyd by the way
Oh
there you go that's our demonstration
that's close touch those swag but you
gotta give us some 100 100 y'all ready
for this one when it was swagga didn't
don't let no one tell you you know what
you can't be or what you can't be you
know in high school they told me I
wouldn't be nothin now I'm on the honor
roll 3 Kent 3.8 GPA you know I always I
never went to high school like I did but
I slept in to be honest with you and
that was 100 with swagger did
