they got that Friday big block right now
about to go to the dentist right now
going to my first checkup since I got my
wisdom teeth pulled
so I got here a little early my
appointments at 1:45 it's actually 1:15
so imma spend the next 30 minutes just
putting the finishing touches on today's
vlog it shows you man
we always grind it out here grinding
24/7 any chance we get it does not stop
although this should have been done
already cuz I fell asleep last night but
the grinding does not stop Big Sean just
dropped four new tracks y'all know how
much I love Big Sean listening to it on
my phone right now so my phone gets
extremely warm and a child knowing I
cannot hold it
alright guys just got out of the dentist
and everything bunch of our niggas
use motherfucking right you guys
remember the winning street keep it
alive
y'all got a thousand likes on the last
vlog I love you guys appreciate it I'll
tell you guys I love you guys that often
so sorry about that I love you guys dude
like honestly I love you guys I show you
guys my life
y'all enjoy it I do this for y'all y'all
gave me thousand likes per flaw y'all
are amazing so get this one a thousand
likes - anyway Ashley has an indoor
soccer game so month ago support she
told me to bring my stuff just in case
they need extra player so your boys wore
Randy yeah just watch her play I like
watching her play she runs funny not
funny it's cute but about to go watch
her play and then yeah well we just got
to the Silver Creek Sports Plex
Ashley's games about to start she's are
in the zone the Auto Zone I need to win
great can't even open a door whatever
how many goals are you predicting today
from you
are you gonna get it in any fights there
you have it ladies and gentlemen the MVP
of them all show them that kick though
fail they need to pick me up man
no bars so Kyson spider-man got to play
together prized spider-man okay guys so
okay so we won our game is five to three
guys played I played my uncle play and
we all played so you know how he said
that I was in a sports pool bowls or
Treville I'm thorough
I didn't score any I'm a little rusty
even I have tick tock on my whole life
but what I did get was a ball to the
face okay right here on her and I think
my jaw is broken
Big Sean dropped four songs today and I
was like yeah we'll fucking you two
dropped 11 on my fucking iPhone so I was
rude offended all right guys I know my
vlog game was kind of weak today I was
in all my Kobe Bryant but um I've been
wanting to add this footage to a vlog
for it while now and I thought it would
be necessary to do for this one because
Big Sean dropped before tracks today I
wanted to share with you guys the
footage from when I met Big Sean a
couple years ago I think it was 2010 so
about four years ago I met Big Sean he's
one of my favorite artists I met him I
told him about like my dream and how he
kind of inspired me and he gave me some
motivational words he was a dope dude
he's watched some of my videos cuz I
tweeted it to his DJ the DJ shoot it
showed it to him so I'm shoutout to Sean
shoutout to DJ Moe beats and here is
when I met Big Sean and also thank you
guys because you guys got yesterday's
for all the thousand lights in a few
hours so make sure you guys get this
vlog a thousand lights too because if
you get this blog a thousand lights that
means tomorrow on the floor
I'm gonna be giving away a dream crew
shirt yeah that's it hope you guys enjoy
this bonus footage from the vlog and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
no outro so everybody's kind you've got
to go about to go meet the homie Big
Sean is he just he just texted me to
come to Frisco to meet him real quick
cuz I haven't seen him in a couple years
so we're gonna show you guys everything
that happens I should be fun huh yeah
we're gonna enjoy the concert I got a
few thousand people coming through huh
forty five forty five thousand we
invited and the capacity of the place is
on like ten thousand so you know it's
gonna get crazy so no it's really about
to go to go fight so you know we just
some Bay Area players write so many
songs I forgot the lyrics so we just
turn it up
I know are you thinking just waiting in
line right now right now we just need
some air we could have been in there but
you know you see something there's like
a million views
yeah I got the fresh ass out here
can you give a shout-out to QoP QoP as
our YouTube channel oh yeah QP bitch
appreciate y'all coming out man you know
it's like my remember the first show I
had in the bay it was like as many
people who miss being green enemies
mike posner and it was about 50 people
there literally about 50 people there
and I just remember like that was this
it own so two years later to see you
know this just saw a lot a while ago so
say you know just to see the progression
and that support we was appearance of
the like it's two weeks ago it's like I
remember just I was there gonna die it
went sour
my DJ boat beats and I was talking like
man look how far people what people
taught us wouldn't get us no more like
Toto's who would be shit at we have
parents they don't speak no English over
there and it's like they knew the words
front to back and it's just like man
that shit was a real moment emotional
moment because
you wanna pursuit of happiness you see
that shit start coming together I'm
ready man it's emotional stuff because
one thing y'all can't do what you love
to do man make sure you follow your
heart
Oh Naruto you already know what it is
this big shot and subscribe tomorrow it
is
the city on our backs
