what's good crew TV family I'm in my
room right now just showered up about to
head out I just got done editing the
vlog from what you saw yesterday and I
notice how chubby my cheeks were it was
from getting my wisdom teeth pulled out
it wasn't that bad but whatever I'm
still talking a little funny
right now I'm about to box these two
shoes up right now because I'm sending
it to somebody that bought it off me
that hit me up on Instagram shout-out to
Gabriel for copping these shoes off me
I'm about to send it out right now I'm
gonna give him a dream crew shirt - well
that's starting up something new let's
start the winning streak so for every
vlog I post for the next 30 days it's
not 30 days 30 days is almost up but for
the rest of September every vlog I post
should get minimum a thousand likes and
I know you guys can do it so make sure
you guys hit the like button by Saturday
if you guys could get a thousand likes
on today's vlog tomorrow's vlog then
Sunday in the vlog I'll give away one of
these dream crew shirts for the rest of
the month I know y'all can do it a
thousand likes minimum per vlog so break
that thumbs up button yeah let's do it
cuz we dream crew we can make anything
happen you know I'm saying since I'm at
the post office and I'm starving so I'm
about to call Olive Garden cuz I can
have pasta now some real food yeah can i
order to go fettuccine alfredo for the
hip or a salad salad
is anything else no that's it can I get
your name my name is Omar all right
thank you so much super super excited
I'm super excited guys got my pasta my
olive garden salad which I don't know if
I should be eating bread sticks which I
don't know if I should be eating but I
hid anyway in my Gatorade watching TV
let's scrub y'all rub tom so guys your
mom's clothes right now I'm just kidding
all the lights look off so we thought it
was close but it's not close that's good
anyway I just noticed that we go
shopping in like every vlog either at
Starcom yeah we eat or we go shopping we
got a special guest coming through can't
see who it is just yet but he's coming
through it's about the stunts on all you
guys the smallest like the thumb all
like you're bound to see at least five
people you know especially Afghans
everywhere all over the place it's
ridiculous I hate coming here but we
have an hour to lay clothes so it's just
like whatever trying to get stuff for
our our vacation so shopping over here
what she's gonna buy me one of my
birthday gifts is gonna be early
birthday gift shout out to me and KP
yeah I wanted now she's gonna buy me NBA
2k15
well pre-order yes pre-order now I think
you get some bonus stuff
okay can we come back to it okay fine
did you find anything what a beanie yeah
oh my god yeah that's cute but we don't
need that okay fine
about to go I'm about to get my game as
a early birthday present even though I'm
not gonna be able to get it to October
so nothing October 7 but she's gonna buy
for me for my birthday and pre-order it
and then we should have a special guest
arrived me
you're vlogging today - why would you
come from you gotta feel good
so I get did his kill in the game right
now
game over them I didn't even know swag
was walking today I thought he's gonna
vlog just yesterday this is BS I didn't
even get my game no she said that I can
wait to like a few days before and still
get the bonus stuff so I don't know I
thought you just didn't all to get me so
I just told you that that's one of the
things that I was you don't get it for
me that's why I know what I know why
he's fitted you got the new expression
and stuff like done you guys know
just cuz I had a good time and then she
stopped texting me are you recording
this yeah
why do girls do this why do girls say no
they miss you and then when you say you
miss them they don't say anything and
then all of a sudden two months later
they say bitch thank you right and one
honey with swagger did
would you say bra ending the night would
target like always three times a week we
come to target our annual target
someone's cranky over here I'm not gonna
say any names but someone's cranky over
here and wants me to focus on shopping
Massimo is the company breath Massimo's
said I told my target your target
shopper liked this video but I feel like
I have a fisheye lens right now this is
weird
oh it's the roof yeah you're over here
looking at Kenner you're gonna get mad
at me for not focusing and I found
Dustin section Donna we are week early
but we're buying things for the trip
right now and Cranky's over here am I
gonna show her on the camera she's too
cranky so I go over here the assistant
coach I'm not buying anything
I'm just you feel me I came to free him
off her kite so that's how you know
brothers Brotherhood stay strong so I
guess I watch yeah so I guess I'm
watching today's vlog which was the book
you watched yesterday by Rose you've so
much in that look yeah brah I came and
see right now you're blending into the
ground
holy 4.99 you could help this brave
soldier get his head back please help
her man that dude is cruise the do
screws here except Harris Harris ain't
here you said on Google+ then I'm gonna
text my connect right we're not gonna
say who it is and if you win the what
the LeBrons you're gonna give it to
either me or Harris we sent for show we
good right
then he Texas are they why they
eliminate me I wasn't in there yeah
in the Google+ then we got I got a text
from him today right
no yes okay yesterday don't read text
yesterday saying that oh I got I got to
what the LeBrons but I think I'm gonna
keep them bruh come on now that's that's
unacceptable threat that's you did you
like LeBron not just that you're talk
shit about them to you like ten minutes
before he's like nah fuck those hour or
ten minutes before he was like fuck
those shoes you basically said fuck
Harrison swag I mean what does though
you can't go wrong with on shake right
there y'all gonna see what I'm gonna put
on there I got a song right we're gonna
get him to sweetie come outside a we're
gonna hear together Saturday we good at
self and wait you know the unclean pears
I'm down to wait I'm going to it
yeah she's gonna be bright I'm still mad
that Harris may just go to Marina to
waiting an hour and a half in that vlog
don't get me started on that again you
put that one up right yeah y'all ready
no I feel about that subject
sure I'm out he's out the group chat mr.
Doug give us a dunk which one that one
yeah okay does it you don't have to jump
hella high just Doug
