I suppose I'm up early watching the
announcement of the iPhone 6 live this
is exciting
your boy got that upgrade life you are
froze Apple just killed the game to
introduce the Apple watch I'm still
watching right now right yeah I wonder
would I want that rose gold one for sure
so I'm uploading today's vlog right now
you see and I got a dentist appointment
later they're gonna do some work on my
teeth so I'm kind of nervous I only like
the dentist but whatever gotta to do it
oh so this vault might be very short
because I might be in pain later today
but who knows we'll see what happens
oh if it is short then what I'm going to
do right now is I'm going to show you
guys an old video that I took down just
in case I'm not able to vlog for the
rest of the day because I'm going to a
dentist appointment soon so you guys go
enjoy and tomorrow there will be another
new vlog thanks for watching love you
guys do school
you
