what is up people I am currently at the
mall right now before it's even open
movies good because I'm about to go
enter the raffle for the what the
LeBrons I come out this weekend
so I'm going to all the foot lockers
that are getting the shoes I really want
to get the shoe and they're all doing
raffle just so so so they got new Jordan
29 zai think yet the 29th
yeah enter the raffle now about to leave
when I pick up Ashley from school oh
they got this color way too
I'm gonna bring Ashley back after her
class so she can enter the raffle - you
feel me
look at all those check-ins
I think this lady has a hijab on and
she's riding a horse yeah they got some
weird little statues going on in here
but I'm not the different now I'm hella
hungry I'm like sleepwalking pretty much
I just got to the other model this is
ceremony mom I got these I think the
best part about having a girlfriend is
first Iker heads is that you get to
enter multiple raffles because of them
so yeah hey what's up hey what's up and
a us so we just left the mall and these
photos were like anyone enter the raffle
and I was like sure so I entered the
raffle and it was all good there was
thousands of greengas there trying to
get it in with your boy but anyway we
left it cheap we'd left the mall we're
about to go to the gym and pump some
iron man
I've gotta bury with me where it was
possible but other people say was the
prey Olli that's what I wanna know
shout out to all my Hispanic subscribers
make sure you guys subscribe right press
that thumbs up or also kick your ass man
just like I keep the fat those ass last
week in the third grade look Indian so
I'm getting ready
I'll explain where I'm going after but
I'm trying to decide what shoes to wear
with these jeans thinking about wearing
these already Jordan futures or the
Allred cadiz I just don't know which one
looks better I feel like these are more
bulky like a DS and then the futures I
think I'm gonna go with the futures
today futures it is but John tell me
what you guys think in the comments
below because I want to know y'all
opinions
anyway I might explain where I'm going
in the car so let me explain exactly
where I'm going you see my family runs a
business we have our Afghan restaurant
that open like I want to say that 15
years ago or something like that we won
or that our family won or my uncle one
small business of the year so they're
having a ceremony at the restaurant so
I'm about to go right now
I think everybody my wife my daughter my
sibling without them I couldn't
especially west on Jesus I hire you know
after a while in your door that over and
I I just had a dream i you know 1980 I
emigrated to the United States I came to
New York and I was working for you know
I was doing for work the second day of
my arrival as Johnny we went to
presentation and I start working right
away and in 24 years and I will call
that a lot of hard work to the vacation
but anyway after seven years in New York
my collector my other sister woman
so I joined it yet and I had that dream
you know teaming that one day through
food I can pick you know represent my
country my background in my culture and
with thoughts you know helping with my
family and friends I was able to do that
and I appreciate to be passed on it and
I thank everybody again from the bottom
of my heart and I will try to do
whatever I can but anything you do do it
with your heart you know that I think it
honest
I have no idea what you're saying
all right y'all hope y'all enjoyed that
it was amazing my uncle gave the dope
speech really push me really motivated
me I swear like anytime I hear speeches
like that's why I should come from my
own family is like it's crazy pushes you
manage Drive I'm taking actually some
extra food from the from the ceremony
and she ain't picking up my calls so I'm
just gonna come over like a psycho
boyfriend yeah yeah yeah all right guys
so a few people commented on Dustin's
sneaker video and said that they want to
see Ashley's collection but we're not
gonna show you guys Ashley's collection
unless this video this vlog gets one no
I didn't post it 1,000 or 2,000 1500
okay if this vlog gets 1500 likes will
show you guys Ashley's collection but
let me show you guys a preview because
she got some fire and you know I'm
saying you see that you see the yellow
tops
alright let me just show you guys some
of the fire in here this is just a
preview guys yeah yeah come on Prelude
game strong Prairie game strong and
listen here you've got the Kobe prelude
a see y'all ain't even got this and she
got for yourself
y'all need to step your game up you know
I'm saying scones this is slight work
she got more in here too so I mean like
Nike ID boxes I mean for the ladies you
got
eels I'm not going to show the rest of
them oh this one's expired
oh fuck wait I said no we chica chica go
run up on it nigga get this bleep in Bay
so this is the only thing that we got
from our little Safeway trip
hey you want to get naked
must've been something you said
