I know
they tell me don't forget where you came
from
I regret where I came from in my
movement like I got a vest on me
independent I got me put that depend on
me we just checked out of our hotel from
last night and we just had dinner or
lunch with my family and now we're
heading towards Pasadena
or somewhere in this area I don't really
know well let me see basically I'm gonna
go drop my car off to finally get it
wrapped and I'm so freaking excited
because I've been wanting to get off my
car wrap since I got it and I just
couldn't think of the right idea but I
feel like I finally came up with
something that I want to get which is
it's kind of high beast but then it's
not super high beast but it's still dope
and I don't think people are gonna
expect me to do this but nobody knows
like he doesn't even know you know the
Deena just ya know Mena doesn't know
yeah but I'm gonna have to tell you now
because I'm literally taking it so
that's why I came I was gonna find out
didn't beep you want some leagues
hundred dollars here I'm gonna show you
so we're gonna get your reaction right
now but this is just a mock-up so I
think it would be way way better in
person
oh yeah there's so soon look at the
design over here the black on black oh
my god I don't even notice them because
with what this is inspired by that's
exactly how it is it's just a portion of
it ya know what I mean first I wanted to
do half and half but then they said we
should do it exactly how what it's
inspired by and I was like all right
cool so the whole the whole color is
gonna be this color what do you mean the
color of the base of the car the base of
the car isn't gonna be no it's not gonna
be like that only I got a weight man
yeah you hit something special has never
been done before I have never been I've
never seen it been it happened
so hopefully this is the first one but
it's definitely not gonna be out crazy
like Rockets we the best car or his
freaking easy car or his freaking
supreme Ferrari but now Ross is killing
in the car sir yeah Rush's I'm not even
trying to compete with
 right now but that's the little
brother right there but yeah we're gonna
go drop off the car - impressive wraps
they're gonna take care of it and cuz
I'm leaving to Sacramento tomorrow so
it's like the perfect time for me to
give them my car for the next few days
cuz I'm not gonna be driving it anyway
and then after that we might head to
Melrose because face banks is having a
pop up and we personally don't know him
but the pop-up is at the new or
soon-to-be new location of the next Mack
Park which is crazy because we just like
told you guys about the OC Mack Park
well they're opening a Mack park on
Melrose which I'm super excited about
because you know how much I love Melrose
so and my key master is gonna be in
there so I'm gonna have my key master on
Melrose just the side huge announcements
we might pull up to that but the main
thing right now is we need to go drop
off this car I need to make sure I'm
going the right way and also one last
note before I cut the seen merch is on
pre-order
today is the last day until 6:00 p.m. so
the camo t-shirt that I'm wearing right
now as well as the long-sleeve tie-dye
and the vault hoodie they're all on
pre-order only until 6 p.m. today
Pacific Standard Time and then it's gone
forever so this is your final
opportunity to cop it and yeah go copy
anyway we're almost at the car wrap
place so I'll see you guys there let's
get gotta say some final words to my car
before he changes completely look at it
now guys just completely just silver
alright we're gonna get our stuff out of
the car and then they're gonna inspect
it and then we will leave it with them
for the next few days so yeah let's do
this it's been 2 months almost since I
last came to Melrose and it feels great
to be back I've missed this place so
much man I miss Melrose where I miss
being in LA due to feel so good yeah
dude I suppose I don't know maybe they
want you to enter through Shu Palace but
we're gonna hit up a few stores the
banks pop up I guess got shut down
Mickey called me so
yeah that's not going on anymore but I
feel like it got shut down because of
all these other guys that were like on
the outside of it who are like vlogging
and stuff and then they had all these
people running on the streets streets so
that was what the main problem was so
let's just you know reunite myself with
Melrose feels good I don't know it's
gonna take that I don't know you people
you gotta convince oh shut it on the
dream crew family and trinidad-tobago
everybody locked down in the Caribbean
we send in much help with the Hurricanes
and everything so yes sir
alright remilia pretty soon man soon we
grind it we grind it then do you
remember when we had our billboard right
there reminisce it live in the hive -
i'm 2.0 not coming soon so we include
cakes right now I'm seeing a bunch of
shoes that I've never seen in person I
honestly don't like these right here I'm
passing on these and the white pair if
you didn't know we're having our pop up
in cool cakes Virginia in October so
yeah there's no sneaker con DC this year
I'm gonna announce it now so only pop-up
that we're having in the VA / DC area is
that cool cakes VA next month October
21st I believe yeah it's gonna be it's
gonna be lit because fire kicks is
coming with me we gonna have some fun
this is the man how you doing
yeah that was so random from he was
freaking hella drunk that's any dick ooh
Andy Dick is like an old comedian anyway
I don't know they asked me to go in
there so what's up all right we're gonna
go to round two now I'm gonna show you
guys the new Mac Park location but
that's where the pop-up was earlier but
it's gone now obviously yeah and that's
pretty much the rest of our day I guess
you guys trying to cross this view
are y'all from from out here
okay nice night all of a sudden me out
here what's the hottest item on the
market right now bro
the highest items on the market right
now is oh not off mic clapping I keep
still doing big I'm still doing numbers
right now so what a resale supreme
collab is still hot
it was hot for the people who got it who
ever one day already has it now so if
you're trying to resell it
it's whatever Oh fire kicks nose yellow
Loki what if I was a jacket on top of
that that's the dream I believe but
that's like an older jacket yeah we in
round 2 we just did like a little thing
on their YouTube channel show so we got
in there hey bro my dear she was real
yeah brother I think so
there's something like that you wrote on
them too I was gonna do that yeah that's
what I didn't do it could Blake did it
yeah we getting some free samples out
here shots out to the plug FBI said
alert yes sir
well flavor weekend here starburns limit
charlotte lemonade man you want mango
you want strawberry lemon tingle mango
all right I think it strawberry then
Oh Polly so happy no there
that's fire that's fire okay guys so
we're gonna walk over to where the new
Mac Park location will be on Melrose so
round twos right there
literally you just go down the block and
turn the corner and that will be the new
location now you guys are probably
wondering all competition but I
personally I would categorize around two
and Mag Park separately because Mac Park
is mainly like you know sneakers and
like supreme and stuff round two is more
it has sneakers yes it does have supreme
and stuff but it's more like vintage
wear and stuff like that so it's two
different categories but it's all good
for the culture because at the end of
the day someone who comes to visit
Melrose will not only be able to go to
be able to go to round two
they'll also be able to go to Mac Park
oh my god it's like trashed from the
freakin pop-up I don't know if there's
anybody in there should we knock can you
see inside yeah is there anybody in
there there's nobody in there guys
where's Mickey when you need him I don't
know but there's some free chairs here
take the picture here would be like
first in line for the bangs pop up yo
let's walk to that game stop to go see
if they have it okay so the new mission
for the day is fine the Nintendo NES now
fire kicks claims that this is March you
guys listen fire kick has always known I
knew about the zebra restocks I known
about all that I'm telling you the NES
is easy to get if you didn't get it
right now just call your local Target or
anything there's so many of them and
everybody who wants one could get one
I'm telling you
scraped it hi I was wondering do you
guys have been the new Nintendo Super
Nintendo and yes sold out huh Yuri stop
when's the restock dose went out of
business
got it they went out of business yeah
yeah I was wondering do y'all have the
Nintendo Super Nintendo NES sewed out
huh sold out when's the restock come
okay can I ask you one more question
maybe lock them doors and turn them
lights down low that's all for two bruh
hi I was wondering y'all got them Super
Nintendo NES things thank you your
credibility is not yeah there's like 90
left like no one's like they made it to
fire kicks Gaming is not reliable
maybe if I kick sneakers but five kicks
gaming is not about it we were walking
in a random-ass neighborhood - like
where are we going right now
are we going all right guys we just been
chilling all day right now just a quick
reminder since you know I've been doing
it all weekend might as well keep doing
it anybody who buys anything gets
entered to win one of these two Yeezys
I've given both of these away randomly
to someone who buys merch so if you want
to buy merch and possibly end up with a
free pair of Yeezys copy before 6 p.m.
today and get yourself some users for
free so I'm actually gonna start packing
because I'm leaving to Sacramento I'm
taking those Easy's with me so that I
can leave them in the warehouse for
Farook in them to put in someone's
package when we start shipping out the
orders and I just want to say because I
forgot
technologists in yesterday's vlog we
sold out of the silver dream crew chains
in three minutes
a hundred chains in three freaking
minutes that is insane and I kind of
regret only making a hundred of it I
want more people to have it who are
diehard people like people were tweeting
me saying they were crapped out they
couldn't get it they were really sad
that they couldn't get it bla bla bla
like I felt bad so I'm kind of thinking
of making more but I don't want to make
more because the people who did buy it
it's it's special because it's so
limited you know it's like it's like if
I go buy a pair of you know these Jordan
ones and they're numbered right here -
what are these 500 pairs 501 it's like
me buying this there's only 500 one
pairs but then Jordan releases another
10,000 of them and then I'm like well
you know what's so special now so maybe
it will release a different style chain
later on but that oh seven chain is done
alright so I'm trying to figure out what
we're a pack oh I forgot to show these
in my frickin video my supreme
collection video there was one thing
that I forgot to show you guys and this
is my probably my biggest regret is
purchase all year long and it's not a
cheap purchase either why did I buy
these this was a high piece this is my
biggest high piece purchase not because
it's a hype item but it was like it was
a high beast moment purchased like I
wanted it because I thought it was gonna
be limited and then it ended up
literally you can walk into most LV
stores and buy this piece of crap shoes
right now the LV supreme red whatever
they're called with the gum bottom these
were like 800 or $900 I was supposed to
return him before the 14 day policy but
I didn't have enough time because of the
tour started that's how much I don't
even care about these I completely
forgot to put them in the damn supreme
video comment down below what do you
guys think I should do with this okay so
I just filmed a long-ass thing right now
and none of it recorded basically what I
just said I want to talk to you guys
about
a video I made recently where I told you
guys that I wasn't happy with the
content I was making and I was feeling
unmotivated because I felt like all my
content was getting repetitive and since
then that was about a week and a half
ago I want to say everything has changed
for me I feel like I'm more motivated
now I've got tons of more ideas going
through my brain and I've kind of
switched the way I've been doing my
vlogs for the past year and a half or
two years I've been focusing on creating
amazing content as far as adding time
lapses B roles you know drone shots all
this stuff to make sure that the vlog is
just on another level but it seems like
that's not what helps the channel grow
that's not what you guys actually like I
know some people appreciate it
I feel like majority of what you guys
want to see is longer vlogs instead of
like a seven to eight minute vlog with
great be roles and in time lapses and
stuff like that you guys rather see
longer vlogs with more content with more
of a story to it you know like making it
to an actual TV show reality show so you
will see longer vlogs from me you will
see more raw content from me rather than
just cut cut cut cut
unboxing cut cut cut cut cut I'm leaving
to Sacramento in like four hours so I
got a few hours to edit this vlog pack
up maybe get like an hour nap in anyway
I do want to say again I know I just
said one last note but I got one more
last note for you yesterday was such an
amazing day I can't get over it I felt
like it was me and Mina finally you know
taking that first step to our entire
future I keep looking at pictures from
yesterday because I just like in the
moment I didn't realize what it was but
now that I've been like looking at
pictures and stuff like that it's like
like damn like I mean I don't want to
sound too cheesy and and intense and
like that but it's like it's like I'm
I'm gonna marry the girl of my dreams
which is crazy to me and I'm so excited
to start planning our and
and then start planning our wedding and
eventually move in together starting a
family and showing you guys taking you
guys with us and showing you all these
other adventures we go through she's
sleeping right now and I'm like sad that
she's sleeping because I want to talk to
her right now like I did say I was gonna
give this away if we got 20,000 mics on
the other video and we did get 20,000
likes so I need to give away this babe
phone case but I'm gonna give this away
when I get back from Sacramento
everybody else don't forget you have
until 6 p.m. today to pre-order all your
dream crew ten at ten year anniversary
merch everybody who purchases something
will automatically and be entered to win
a free pair of Yeezys also Bay Area and
Phoenix pop up is October 7th and
October 8th so make sure you guys pull
up to that and now I'm officially done
talking finally I'm out of here
we
