it's 9 11 a.m. Oh God 911 it just
happens to be 911 anyway I got a soccer
game at 10:00 your boy told you I ain't
giving up on this dream I'm going to the
World Cup in 2018 just wait on it all
right
car next to music can I be like a weirdo
so I'm going to speed off I can't hang
with this let's go get it we bout to go
get these double use we got like three
games today so let's go get these double
use show them those steel curtains
yeah it's nothing brother I can't hang
with you yeah we bout to start the game
soon we out here number one seat over
here week four oh wow
I'm edit that out I'm gonna sign up
alright guys so the game just ended you
turn it down the games just ended and it
wasn't a great day at all our team
to ties and in our last game we lost and
bring my sucks but we're still the
number one seed I'll see you guys later
on in the day I'm probably gonna go home
and rest up for a little bit and then ya
gonna crack it what's up guys my didn't
vlog too much yesterday I'm getting
straight into it I didn't vlog too much
I didn't vlog at all yesterday actually
I felt like crap I had a big headache
barely eight but it's Sunday now so I'm
fine now I'm about to go to my sister's
pretty much getting married it's not the
actual wedding but like it's uh I don't
know lakyn weddings are from marriages
are complicated so I don't know what the
hell's going on yeah I skipped a day of
30 days 30 videos with that does not
mean you're not gonna get 30 vlogs
because I promise you still unit 30
o'clock so you'll get two logs on one
day I don't know what day yet but it is
coming so just wait on it and yeah let's
go let's get this day started TV welcome
to my crib check this bad boy out no
paparazzi
yeah look at all those chickens what's
up guys so I just got home I left party
because I'm super tired I'm like be like
I'm not only went home now and I just
want to sit back watch some TV and the
first thing I found that was on TV is
Girl Meets World the spin-off of Boy
Meets World my favorite show ever and
Cory and Topanga just popped up on the
screen so Boy Meets World for me is like
I'm living hat I got so many life
lessons like it sounds cheesy but I
learned so many life lessons for that
show shout-out to mr. Feeny and that
show was just like they don't make shows
like that anymore now it's just
entertainment entertainment
entertainment
what about shows that had meaning that's
why I don't like TV anymore make sure
you may have watch if all honey and
Ockman you guys show you my hips uber
snaps they were hella funny hello
all right here we go so that's his uber
driver okay ready back yeah well I was a
diet but hippy kit was killing that's
hella funny so I'm trying to get get
over my sneaker addiction which is kind
of hard but I'm trying my best to do it
so I'm gonna show you guys since
everybody always asks me to see my
collection I'm not gonna show you the
full collection I'm gonna show you some
of the stuff that I'm gonna be selling I
got a lot of stuff going on like me and
Ashley are going on a trip for my
birthday in two weeks that I'm not gonna
tell you guys where I'm we're going but
once you see the vlog that's when you
guys will know that we're going there
trying to just get rid of some shoes
that I've done I don't worry that much
use the money for the trips you'll see
another reason why I'm selling all my
shoes later this week that's all I'm
gonna say TV all right so first off
these ones which are gonna be really
hard to get rid of because I won these
in a raffle when I was in New York so
these are the first shoes that I've ever
got from New York my kobe prelude sixes
that's that I'm probably gonna get rid
of these two the kg7 global games I kind
of got over them quick I'm gonna get rid
of these two I haven't worn these yet
they're a size 10 and a half as you can
see it's a size 10 and a half but that's
a woman's ten and a half so that makes
these a size 9 which is a little tight
for me I need a 9 and a half hour 10 and
then so those two might get rid of those
two I might give it a tease which are
the New York City polka dots you see NYC
I mean like all these are cool but I'm
trying to just more subtle and be less
loud and a lot of these are more louder
so I'm trying to get rid of those these
Prelude aids I wore these once or twice
a few times but never affected we could
see yourself on there what the KDS
deadstock haven't worn yet they're cool
but I wasn't too crazy about him I knew
I was gonna get rid of them and the time
is right I love this shoe more what the
Kobe sevens as much as I don't want to
get rid of these I have to do kind of
these are probably gonna be the hardest
to get rid of got to do it yeah gotta
make sex
sacrifices in order to get what you want
these are another one that I am on the
edge about getting rid of because
they're cool but that high top is really
hard to rock I was thinking about
keeping these and hooping in them Kobe
nines I'm really on the edge about these
but I mean if like I said I gotta make
some sacrifices these right here might
get rid of he's thinking about it I just
love this shoe it's so simple man
stressful man life of a sneaker head is
stressful guys I'm so fat I'm supposed
to be eating healthy and getting ready
for my vacation in two weeks but I can't
take it I'm so tired and hungry that I
have to order a pizza
right do you have any deals going on
okay can I get that but just fees no
that's it okay great thank you
because some pizza oh babe seriously I
don't care if you don't like it you have
to wear your seatbelt it's not about
being cool or anything it's about if you
get in an accident I'm concerned that
you're gonna get hurt okay I need you to
be here with me okay you are my life I
will eat you literally I got my pizza
right there I got my ranch but to go in
on this thing right here free promo but
I'm gonna show you guys another thing
from the let me turn this light off I'm
gonna show you guys another thing from
the group chat with a yg and Hoffman and
and my head right here we've getting a
little emotional I started it off and I
sent this video videos this chat so I
just wanted to send a video and tell you
guys that I am
Ahmed said he said this right after it's
none of my business but suspect suspect
and then my hip sent that and then why
do you think this case is such a long
time like I can spend too long and I
know that there's
whoo this is how long-distance
relationship works bruh is hard oh we
have just sent one this watch this
alright oh no this is yg why you sent
another one let's watch by this is
they're gonna kill you and they see I
put this in their bra come on
I love you guys man I miss you guys
straight-up like I'm gonna come see you
guys soon
alright folks about to call it a night
tired thank you guys for watching
another day make sure you guys subscribe
if you aren't subscribed already because
we are trying to reach 30,000
subscribers by the end of this month so
it's at 22,000 right now 8,000 away I
think we could do it just need you
guys's help to help us help the crew
grow so by helping the crew grow like
this video click that thumbs up share
this video tell a friend I've been
seeing that a lot a lot of people are
tweeting me saying that their friends
show them or they just found me through
this person or that person so thank you
guys for that and yeah see you guys
tomorrow
and peace is in the Middle East yeah
alright bye
