maybe breath
the crews back together it's been a
quick eight hours or so shout out to
Harris he was supposed to be here at 12
o'clock it is currently five four or
five all of a sudden I can't tell these
gee these guys been asking me 10 times
10 Fridays in a row show him your shirt
shown that shit show me what you got
there think does it say creator engineer
so Harris is gonna sell some of his
shoes it's a sad day and the sneaker
world Harris is gonna retire some cakes
I'm on the same ball I'm kind of getting
rid of some sneakers too all of a sudden
ratchet Buble how things things then
King Harris walks in here like he owns
the place they want to tell me about the
secret the secret menu there's a secret
menu here guys and we always get it and
it pisses off the words as Harris take
it from here here we go so basically now
I don't know about this but we go to our
website youtube.com/weiutv
they can make you kebabs with their
chicken and the real lungi that that's
the that's the only in Afghanistan
goodbye and
in Iraq and Topshop has done and stuff
so camula are the American version also
American it's called a case Arriba
okay so coming from the lion to make
cheese burrito really well
burrito comes from the Greek a burrito
well it comes from the Latin Spanish I'm
tired
meaning no bales vagina San Diego means
everybody knows that so basically what
it is it's basically if a quesadilla and
a burrito had well they got to Nick off
first and then you know then they want
to have American wedding that's okay but
then that's when they through the route
which becomes a case Cerrito so next
time you go to Chipotle ask for a key
Cerrito
they basically what they do is they get
the tortilla they open it up they throw
some cheese and that mother
close it up make it into a little
quesadilla and then hoping that mother
up put all your stuff inside then roll
it up so the bread is nice and warm
melted cheese everywhere it's everything
is well balanced balanced like the
triangle no shoutouts Illuminati to
balance
we in this bitch Vinny geek one eyebrows
on fleek
just a Chipotle all of our case arena
virginity's were taken
what swags was I've been had mines going
we've got to go to Seoul right now
social supremacy in Newark is our
sneaker shop his hair trying to get rid
of his sneakers as we know and yeah
after that we're gonna film Dustin's
collection the highly anticipated the
moment everyone's been waiting for
Dustin's sneak peek is coming and some
block the tomorrow's walk so when you
watch this one know that tomorrow's vlog
is gonna be dusted sneaker collection
how you feeling about that stay tuned
guys bring your dusters cuz it's gonna
be dusted so I'm assuming Harris is
gonna get about $500 for his - a 500 550
about 550 xD I'll be over here
so over here we got the basketball shoes
and my casual shoes kids just got in
today Jordans 1 through 23 you can count
right you got a pick one - what do you
got to pick right now in the whole store
the only shot the easies damn these are
the LeBron oh shit
Oh know yourself know your word nigga my
ex being louder than my words like are
you so happy oh you're thinking about
the work do something yeah
yes I was there all the streamlining so
you got about 400 he got 360 360 I won
360 but I didn't sell two of the shoes
to them so now we about to go overboard
bitch what and he gave you didn't even
say bitch she said the whole thing bro
this be like I turned 21 I can say the
full word I'm funny gee no one's
laughing my friends are laughing this is
a 2003 LeBron ones and generations
alright would like halfway through
Dustin's sneak peek boxes on top of
boxes there's barely in your room out
here whole bed is full of strikes having
a shoegasm
yeah many years my first first joint was
in the fourth grade it was the baby blue
North Carolina color wake twelves look
at that beautiful California sunset
it's beautiful side I honestly don't
know where the hell I'm driving right
now but we're driving Detroit
life is good
everything is just fine I got slack on
my mind on your bike yeah
we're gonna get some ice cream not that
I promise you okay I promise you
and I just wanna let you guys know that
we're trying to put together a baby for
soon
so we're trying to figure out what
cities you want to go to we have a few
cities that alright that works but I
can't say anything yet comment down
below at city you guys are from and
where you guys want us to come the dream
tour is coming soon the truth report I
forgot what we named it but
that's why I mean
I'm not even gonna explain what's going
on let me explain what's going on so I
got to go in from Fremont you feel me
came here for Harris and now Harris get
some basketball shorts and he's in line
for nari the line is like a 40-minute
wait yes pretty basketball shorts mean
we didn't get nothing so now we're just
chillin
I find the biggest size 18 Oh get in my
head
hello follow John what up y'all welcome
to the first official music video
finally we are here at baskin-robbins to
consume our bodies with some ice cream
ice cream on Harris right now I'm really
excited if there's an ice cream that
describes each one of us which one would
it be
I think Harris is definitely the wild
reckless sherbert because it's a karate
that's Harris right there that rainbow
one me
I think I'm really you know I'm kind of
plain and dull so I'm like okay
chocolate but I'm tropical so I go with
tropical on vacation
that's Dustin right there that's
spider-man
okay you two need a special flavour for
yourself
first he says he's gonna buy ice cream
for everyone now he's flaking out bro I
never said that why makes us wait hours
to buy some shorts and now he doesn't
even want to buy his boys I expect the
disrespect I see right now what do you
think whatever to describe it one word
to describe it
shady one we're describing hi first fine
that comes to your mind reenact it
what's 9+10 go anyway
face white then that goes
then this is the joint collab so just
having a bromance moment all of us
eating Baskin Robbins Harris did not pay
for us so it's just us three that are
having a bromance moment yeah don't ever
do that back to bein in the world
there's a tubing to be in amongst the
keopi crew but it's all love you know we
do that collabo keopi fouseytube
assaulted everyday love despite what you
guys think you annoying people that
always commented all my stuff saying
what happened between you two
nothing happened between us two between
us I used to leave dirty underwear
around the apartment now that was him
that was him thank you guys for watching
click that thumbs up any last words guys
I want to give a special shout-out to
Kai's finally did the sneak peek oh yeah
tomorrow sneak peek new vlog watch that
it's fine I say it's fire you have to UM
fire his room on fire we're on it team
we think of how we're gonna end this
vlog
one two three
