brother Dustin Marshall I'm so proud of
this game
thank you you would be say something oh
listen you kids advice to the saga diddy
nice to strike a duty get your shoes out
then to check so Harris is nudes league
today guys as you guys know a lot of
celebrity nudes that have been leaking
like the girl from The Hunger Games
what's your name
Kato Jennifer Lawrence I like you couple
over here so Kyson the bathroom what
would you like to tell him that's
lightning round we should question
lightning round
all right here we go I got the last 60
seconds Dustin give me 60 seconds it's
really a long time 30 skate six am sorry
okay I'll just attach a little huh um
okay good I'll just stop and take a
second it seemed to be random questions
good let me know really tons like yes
one no just use answer favorite food
hate them if you can kick out one person
out of this table who would you kick out
man um what is one thing you like about
guys his ass what is something one thing
you hate about guys what is uh good
Leapster yeah um
shoo what is your favorite place to go
eat any well
how old is swag 29 thank you 30 what
size shoe are you what color do pea
toenails pink no pink okay
it's done what is Chi Cygni bathroom
right now okay all right yeah there we
go thank you for another edition of
God's actually edition our viewers
probably think that we're freakin fatass
this was in the same boy another vlog
we're at Denny's first guys birthday
which was last night I'm a big ok shut
up
I'm a big head apparently Denny's has a
pleasure zone now I mean I hope yeah but
in other vlogs we're always eating out
you know what I'm saying we're always
beating each other out hey guys check
this out oh I'm Moochi : did you get
Cameron to do this many deaths
oh yeah that's ready for it he does some
when'd you start dating that girl
yeah
Oh
oh I get what I want
those the valley all right guys it's
like - is it what time is it today I'm
146 it's 146 ladies and gentlemen if we
are going to play family feud shout out
to Steve Harvey but I am your host for
today and thanks to you Harvey now let's
meet our teams hi I'm Harry Dickinson
and this is a dusty thinking slightly we
are the Dickinson is a Schuyler fuck
laughter for Nate fuck fucker yeah yeah
and we are the we are the fat backers
for those of you guys who don't know how
to play family feud we're gonna do a
sample round for you we're gonna have
our defending champions the Dickinson
Dickinson's we're gonna show you guys a
clip from last last week's when they
want name a boy's name that starts with
the letter 8 house I all right well
welcome guys to Family Feud they're
gonna be playing each other on family
feud now let's get it started when you
go to the first round ready first person
to raise their hand
name something you might do during a
driving test that would make you fail
right away I saw that head first hit the
curb because I did that one mmm can you
give me a better answer um you're gay -
not putting on the seat belt no seat
belt is the number for hands but hitting
her I mean beginning the camp name
something you might do during address
one yes that would make you know right
away not keep your hands tend to yeah
I'm not checking the fuck fucker family
they got two strikes one more you guys
get to steal her points okay okay name
something you might do during your
driving test that would make you fail
right away in case you forgot the
question
writing not putting blinkers no turn
signals number 5 answers to keep your
team alive
Harry name something he might do during
the driving test that would make you
fail right away run a red light
number two ask shit how can i name
something you might do during a driving
class that would make you fail right
away answering your phone
threes right handsome but no brains well
you guys have a chance to steal all
their points guys what are you for or
not yo do to Wichita New Mexico
sweetheart where you from
what you tellin New Mexico - you ok
that's great that's great
now to steal all the points name
something you might do danger iving test
that you would die with me you know
right away
and not checking your blind spots by
well the number one answer was hit car
or slash person the number three answer
is nobody got was run a stop sign
alternate life and the number six answer
was Drive wrong side well if you're in
the litter of the world all right guys
that was our first round we have our
winners over here 59 points going and
now it's time to go for the second round
so here we go you guys ready for this
all right
this is between Ashley and Harry my name
is Courtney name my kids favorite food
that starts with the letter M Harris
move okay go go ten second ten second
what did she say the next at sundown Oh
kids food and milk No number three
answer I said food kids favorite food
you guys have a chance to top that
answer can you give me actually
no you guys can't discuss it uh-huh name
a kid's favorite food that starts with
the letter M McDonald's you guys want to
pass our plate
Pass oh okay they're gonna pass so
they're gonna start out the football
goes people hey do it hello sir what's
your name yeah Skylar where you from
Skylar what's your occupation
Wichita New Mexico little chair
occupation I'm I'm uh I'm a freelance
hairstylist nice nice maybe you can stop
my hair from those are those ticks name
a kid's favorite food that starts with
the letter n I couldn't figure out a
snack man up there obviously not my kids
favorite food that starts with the
letter M mozzarella sticks that's two
strikes name or kids food that starts
with the favorite food that starts with
the letter n mac and cheese
that is the number one yeah yeah 60
points that's actually just came to me
my kids food that's that's the little n
there you go did you see that really a
chance to steal their points we've got a
total of 70 points if you look good for
you guys name my kids favorite food
starts with the letter M ten minutes
that is the number to Marissa
now you're attending they've got a great
lead you know what ma'am now you guys
are probably thinking will the Hitler
team has a lot of points Hitler what
Dickinson the Dickinson's you're
probably ma'am
I don't need them in the picture okay
these are probably wondering they have a
lot of points how could there not when
you're but fuckers come back into the
lead well ladies and gentlemen our last
round of third round is worth double
points let's go ahead and get into a
third round complete the sentence I
couldn't live without my can you repeat
this enter dope my car very answer more
for answer you guys have a chance to try
to top that he said car complete
dissenter acceptance I couldn't live
without my cell phone number three
answer you guys I've taught them do you
guys want to pass our play that would
mean you're next um play play okay
they're gonna play ladies and gentlemen
Carney what are you doing your spare
time playing games
boys get complete then I couldn't live
without my ATM card join little put the
benning's good as good air is it a
material object or angel bro you can't
ask come kill this I can't let me hide
you use it in the senses I can't live
without my in the answer telemundo look
TV that's the last answer to a point so
what you guys didn't see on the camera
because of our low production pricing
and commercial materiality so the buck
tucker team one on occupier are partly
our foot bugger team won the third round
giving them double points
94 points over here 129 points hey did
you want this it's Cod because you're
not going to watch your movie anymore
but we are
