alright guys y'all ready for this I've
been working on this for months now this
is my motivational video if this doesn't
get you motivated then nothing well this
is about hard work we got it baby
here we go it was all worth it waking up
at 6 a.m.
and then snoozing the clock until 12:00
p.m. and finally getting up out of bed
at 1:00 day in and day out going to the
gym determined never giving up we worked
so hard in life and are lazy and I love
it
but I still try I watched all the
footage I see all the haters and they
make me cry but it doesn't stop me from
reaching my ultimate goal but I have a
few other goal but it's okay this is one
of them - the sweat the tears the money
spent on nice clothing to look like I'm
working hard it was all worth it but
what will you do to be at the top I like
to cheat will you cheat or will you be
known as the guy that wasted half his
life for one victory it's just a sport
why do I waste so much time are you
ready
do you have what it takes do you eat
sleep fart life basketball
I'm hungry
hello pizza we are here at the gym
a trick shot you know I'm saying another
day in a ball is life I'm the real
baller watch this
ball is life nothing
you made 2 out of 4 that's 50%
got this boy
what
into the other shot into the other shot
they all into the other side where is it
he can't you know I got a question for
you guys I want to know a lot of people
can call and travel on this but I know
it's not travel let me know what you
guys think so you wanna start out
that is not a travel team maybe next
year you know we got it no I'm saying
it's called by hope you guys enjoyed
that motivational video I hope it pushes
and drives you guys to get all your
goals reached anyway I'm about to go eat
because I'm starving I showered up as
you can tell looking spiffy I used to
pay for times like this
waiting for annoying to come out and
they can return into the vlog about to
go get some Chinese food you know being
actually are addicted Chinese food our
number one spot is in San Francisco but
this is a close second not a close
second it's number second number to go
be like I'm here I'm ready when are you
coming to pick me up and you come and
take five hours to come outside man all
of a sudden Lakers fan over here where
are you why are you so dressed up after
10 vlog she's made a return she was in
South Africa for two weeks but she's
here now dudes be like let me take you
to dinner but I'll sit on my phone the
entire time until you know something I'm
posting a picture of my baby picture
fish wah
no kiss yourself bandwagon fans with
like new roses playing good let me
beware my Chicago shirt yesterday was
another Laker trick anyway I got my USA
USA about to go mall right now get some
food first I used to work here my first
job was at this mall my sister would get
expressed for men for like four years I
was a regular sales associate then I
became a store manager well not a store
manager were one of the store managers
whatever but yeah this is my first job
here so it's pretty cool so actually
ditched me because I think she's gonna
buy me a birthday present
even though
like three weeks but I'm walking around
the mall alone now just checking on some
stuff and yeah let's just go see what
they got
I found me
those like what's the stoical and 21
Rosie's is souza but ask Maya my car's
right now it's nothing
got a
credit
rolls-royce who you that's you I'm just
showing them the cars it's for the
viewers I'm not taking a picture next to
it for our reason I don't know what this
is all Tesla's that says I didn't take a
picture with it that doesn't cut this
not fall you know I feel so based in
this I lose half this bucket hat all the
sensitive
I'm too busy right now okay let me put
the camera right there I hope you guys
enjoyed this second vlog for the 30 days
30 vlogs remember remember a new vlog
every day for this whole month of
September so there will be a new one
tomorrow and the day after that and the
day after that but before I end this
vlog I have to make a huge announcement
I don't want to make this announcement
and I'm really disappointed I have to
make this announcement it's very
frustrating that that I have to make
this announcement because I know a lot
of you guys aren't looking forward to
this
but unfortunately my show the case for
my experience which was supposed to be
starting on September 4th is not going
to be starting on September 4th and I
literally just found out two days ago I
didn't know how to make the announcement
because I didn't want to just because we
already pushed the date back once and
now we have to push it back again the
reason for that being is we were
supposed to film the first episode and
second episode this week but the set was
uncomplete and on top of that the
network itself is having technical
issues the network itself was supposed
to launch weeks ago but there's some
problems going on and it would the
network itself is not even launching
until September 8th or 9th I want to say
so my show there's no way my show would
have been up by September 4th I had no
idea about that until a few days ago and
yeah I really didn't know how to tell
you guys but I know a lot of you guys
are waiting I'm sorry when is it gonna
start I don't know yet I have a huge
meeting tomorrow to talk with them the
network and see what we're gonna do we
got to go over a game plan yeah that's
pretty much it thank you guys for
helping me grow the crew TV family and
you know I'm thinking guys for watching
my life and yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow
and I suck at outros so this is my outro
since everybody keeps asking me what's
the song I used at the end of my outros
the name of the song is
