we're almost in Sacramento right now I'm
driving I'm driving I'm driving to sac
I'm with like a Diddy we're bout to kick
in with JP all day yeah he's got a show
tonight in Sacramento when he's gonna DJ
it we gonna be chilling and watch it
with him backstage you know it's gonna
be cracking you know this got the homie
right here what up
Jamie y'all remember him from the
monthly pickups last month stinking
rotation that honestly made that video
ten times better but people were jock
but that videos from like five months
ago six months ago he's gonna kill it
tonight broblem looking forward to
seeing him on stage doing his thing
you see what is that oh no I'm spazzing
I can't believe this it's the luck when
you with the crew so this is my go-to
when I go to the mall and I need to eat
more food over everything the bar Oh
baby
free promo for tomorrow all day hey swag
G they got your size in anything you
read here breath you want to try these
on bruh
Harris be like they got the freaking 808
and heartbreaks record here but I want
that so bad this is a classic - and
Wayne if they had Carter three I would
get it
pick one record right now from this wall
which one I have Venice you read good I
want all the conure kids and I want to
put them on my wall yeah it's like a
movie bro
and you release the video with it
you ready to hit it come on bro you have
to do it well you gotta give it 1 out of
10 would you give them I give it a 9 not
good are you like a - I give it like an
eight and a half point five here this is
like a 20 Chris this is up there in the
tens we are currently at the sound of
the
Bente that my boy Jimmy is DJing I don't
know where the hell he went and left his
backpack here setting up and I don't
know anybody but at least I got you here
with me I'm not alone without the
swagger yeah I don't know what game is
that but they just do a sound check
right now so he left he went back to LA
burning so we decided means so I decided
that we were both tired so we left
Sacramento we've got to go to Target
right now where we're going to the bank
first but we're gonna go to Target so
swag made me walk like a damn mile to go
to the bank could've just drove here bro
trying to pick out some underwear for
swag all right come on bro look at this
this guy looks like you bro look it was
good come on without the beard okay over
here
this is psych style look at that
swag you gotta try this okay what about
some boxers with like damn disco okay
come on so I pencils come on
swag Harris when he sees Legos
bring me up G where's the damn coke at
with Omar on it huh
so mean so I just got off of you now we
were on you now for like two hours
shout out to everybody that was on the
you now it was an amazing show crazy
love I haven't felt love like that in so
long but we craving some ice cream now
so I'm about to go take a little too am
trip to am what am I saying it's only 12
a.m. Toby I'm trip to give you some ice
cream ice cream oh I feel really bad for
doing this like I'm not a cheater I
promise but I got a confession I was in
Target earlier but now I'm at Walmart
all Captain Jack Sparrow yeah I know
I've never I've never seen what are the
Pirates of the Caribbean I've never seen
any of those never watch any Pirates of
the Caribbean Oh What's Up MA about to
get this girl's number straight up shadi
shut it why are you playing go you play
football play football but team we
played board
would seem playful ago I got back right
kick game is too strong screw so I get
ladies clock bruh check them starters
out bruh and they got the sample tags on
their bra so you know these ain't
available in your national stores and
stuff like that but and then these are
here the double straps make me feel some
type of way you know I'm saying oh they
got Tim's bra Tim's and minions bro what
a combo looks like swag so I finally
found your underwear bra right here it
says Cooney on it
kookie okay look at this one M is for
meow bro come on bro wear this look at
this
put this on M is from Yale bra that fits
all right fine M is for me L so I just
remember that hey guys I'm Chi so mark I
can't afford a gym workout so I come to
Walmart and run on the treadmill saves
money and they don't kick me out bro I'm
about to like go crazy right now I can't
believe they have this I've been looking
all over for this no bra bra this is oh
my god okay first I about two males
I can't take it right now bro I'm good
I'm Brett this is the greatest moment of
my life I've been looking for these for
at least two years
many big juice bars brought these to
fire get both of them right
I want one from my house but these are
fire but I am so happy thank you all
right
thank you yes oh my god I'm so happy
Hey oh I'm so happy about the dance
right now look at this look at this
about a week ago
