Oh
oh nice hat guys day I wore my hat first
and then he goes in the side so little
bit got pyramid we're the same hat in my
defense it took me an hour and 45
minutes to get from Modesto here so I
work for you yeah I was sleeping but
when they sent a picture of yourself I
sent a picture of myself sleeping Prince
really know your brother sent a picture
of yourself sleeping anyway he has to
wear backwards we're backwards bro and I
wear it forward nobody said anything
though and also not even your brother so
they don't be knowing you're winning
when they say I got two black eyes
window
we go go we go go
fuck wait I said no Ichigo chica go run
up on that nigga
the only one I get on camera - alright
guys just the first game buy one in like
two years
hell yeah how do you guys feel say why
not openness is what I brought welcome
to another day in the life sprinkle top
season yeah I'm saying I'm on the way to
swagger Diddy's house live like an hour
away over here I don't know why you
don't move closer to me and we got a
whole schedule planned for this weekend
so you about to get a couple vlogs
coming your way we will see you soon ooh
well here at the swag Museum of our 10
sneakers and hats and this right here is
for swag so swags birthday is next
weekend as we mentioned in the last vlog
so I got him a birthday present and it
just came in the mail and I'm gonna give
it to him early because I'm at his house
and I wanted to have it now so I'm gonna
set it up for you so you gotta get out
of the room yeah knock and count your
give me like four minutes all right so
this is what I got him it's like a
sneaker display but I'm gonna use his
own shoes so these are not what I'm
giving him I'm using his own shoes to
put it in there all right I didn't know
where else to put it so I just put it
there
oh my god yeah yeah sure does that not
go that's the size so I don't have shoes
to put in it for you
but case is the crossing did you have
any idea I got that I sent him a picture
of the big box and I said swags gifts
here it is a little note oh my name is
Harris I take five hours to get out of
my car after I park it on the street
oh look at me in my red rental my car's
my stuff so I have a rental car oh oh
yeah oh yeah look at me walking
1/800 help parents oh now he saw me come
on give me passing these pink flowers oh
wait let me save my clothes love cocaine
okay look at me I'm Harris I'm outside
I'm waiting outside
I see cranes on my let me see your shirt
let's go right radical son kids please
me like a skateboard sorry we teased Wow
what she said alright whatever hammer
him are gonna nail me he does it dudes
be like I'm in 2000 I'm in 1995 playing
Mario Kart on n64 and you're losing to
the computer no Bowser just did a banana
straight-up rare a quick occasion right
now Eurasian rare occassions faggot
Diddy is driving ladies and gentlemen
have you ever seen this before anyway
adidas launches my adidas app and you
can create your own shoe with your own
picture but it's not available in my
region yet but look at that what if I
put my face on it
and then this New York Times great on
there that's the open then look at the
ones I made for Harris probably the
ugliest sneaker ever his fire
Harris's face on the sneaker now would
you guys be scared of this look at this
so this is the first time swag is ever
Jersey yes yeah that's beauty driver hey
guys I made a snapchat again so add me
on snapchat it's Q underscore s Z and
he's only here for the weekend
bobak now I'm gonna keep this one what
the hell is this bruh that's so cool
welcome to my hood let's go rent with
you what's the horsepower on one walls
you got to start round table off with
the garlic twist baby with some ranch we
got to do it bro it's nice to say for a
radical Muslim like Harris that's none
of my business
that was me
in the arms
that's none of my business
for me we just did the LSA al ALS
challenge to swag and he's pretty pissed
right now but it's all good the video
came out though it came out hilarious
Gary I see I want to upload it right now
but I'm not sure if I should either
today tomorrow or Saturday is like a
weird data upload so I'll probably just
do it I don't think I'll do the Sunday
most like it's gonna be up so this vlog
will probably be up before that video
comes up so here we go batting cages
2014 oh this is gonna be fun
Snagit DD I is the pitcher and it's
Saturday
oh sorry baby
so there's the divi fed okay like dice
we're welcome to ESPN SportsCenter top
10 not so chop Ted oh sure top cop out
one camera's gonna get hit oh oh nice he
almost hit the target we're going to
target oh that was a homer Oh
ladies and gentlemen that was the one
I've never seen somebody commentate
their own sports entertainment life but
did this thing right now I don't know
yeah left-handed Oh dudes be like N one
baseball cricket stop
okay I'll throw Oh a nice little tip
there we go I think I saw that on Rosa
Junior's world series nice Hey yeah get
your finger huh damn it
that's a she said girl do i bra
underscore its underscore Farah I
believe she made this stop drink ruh-oh
shoutout
thank and we began help me you know stem
about about a week ago we could go the
real
sup guys so it's what time is it like
one year twist two am Harris left and
came back so he came back sleepover
swags don't mess with driver he'll put
that sword on you where you claim like
what Oh Homs
is that San Andreas a could you Beck
sick it or it did or absolutely I gotta
know about it minute like this my
comeback sir sideways like you know
homes like you know my you know my my
hero my like who I look at would look
this is why a cop to grow you know what
I'm talking this language
why do you I don't like this baby thank
you so I'd be like views from the five
one guy so I decided that the new video
is we're doing the ice bucket challenge
Don swag is gonna go up on Sunday but
it's hella funny here's a preview guys
alright it's coming out Sunday stuff is
a little preview for you guys literally
a little bit literally a little preview
