what's up guys they gave us six months
free HBO is the first time I've had a to
be O in my life and I turn on the TV and
Dark Knight Rises is on TV baby let's go
Oh Oh Bruce Wayne even though I have
Dark Knight Rises and Dark Knight and
the original Batman on blu-ray I still
get excited when I saw TVs oh that's so
sick I'm watching Batman and Batman
sitting right here watching like I
didn't even put him here he was here
before I turn on the TV so shout out the
Batman watching watching himself
I love Dark Knight I love Batman this is
the my favorite movie ever fucking love
this
yeah Shannon graduated always good
midnight Safeway Brian came to Safeway
because we were craving some cake so
we're gonna get some cheap not cheap but
some Pillsbury funfetti cake
losers be like oh let me drop my keys
while I we can already hear okay yeah
yeah calm down okay let's see
it's funfetti okay so we got that now we
got all can we get orange wait does that
it doesn't it's orange all-star vanilla
it's just the color he wants to do this
I think that's too much work that's nice
divide into 6 small balls yeah we're
gonna make a crew TV crew TV cake
alright guys I took over the card
because she's immature
swag swag is here
what's up swag swag is in the building
ladies and gentlemen let's give it up
for our bidding right there okay thumbs
up if you think you should break up down
below would you guys think we should do
alright guys welcome to the return of
cooking with Kai's ready Crocker
funfetti cake funfetti cream is that
lazy kid in the back sitting on the
couch ain't going do nothing we're gonna
use this red container let's bring it
over here pour this cocaine into now you
can use cocaine you can use Betty
Crocker's mix for today we're gonna be
using the straight cocaine interrupted
by someone who is physically unable to
press the play button on the DVD player
lovely assistant did not read her and my
lovely assistant has inserted three eggs
into our cake batter now what you want
to do is insert what are you doing why
would you no butter butter no you put
void Oh vegetable oil and water
water first of all we use milk okay we
don't use vegetable oil you use butter
this is why I should not right away
didn't marry to someone because they
might use butter under their cake and
you are used to using vegetable oil you
know what I mean
you never know it's gonna come up it
seems that my show has been taken over
and hijacked here so now she's baiting
the batter my assistant has wrong
we'll find it okay don't stick your
greasy hands in there this balance okay
there we got that red butter throughout
the pan now we are going to insert the
batter into the pan like so thumbs up
for that guys make sure you subscribe
for that you want to take a guy's
Safety's first but I'm an idiot so we're
not gonna use safety right now you want
to put your cake and yeah agrees there
we go now you're probably wondering
you're probably wondering how long do
you wait now approximately thirty or
forty minutes is what you want to wait
guys so what are we gonna do in the
meantime what do you do you can read a
book we're gonna go watch this movie cuz
she doesn't know how to press play
herself
check out this is our cake and it looks
a little brand but this is Ashley's
technique I mean I'm sorry
Monica's technique was giving up on our
thing now you want to let it cool off
before you put on your frosting and
we're gonna give that about 15 minutes
and then we will frustrate this onto the
cake back to base this cake yum film so
my lovely assistant tada I was decided
to put on the pumpkin orange vanilla
cream without my assistants you'd see
these ducky stalls off the eBay they're
about cents per star as you can see it's
all over there for me show me just like
ladies and gentlemen we have completed
our cake thank you guys for to the end
if you enjoyed our presentation on how
to make a cake how to make a cake go
ahead and click that thumbs down button
and make sure you guys unsubscribe if
you guys enjoyed it thank
thank you guys for watching and I'm
gonna go eat this now
