so I got called out for the ice bucket
challenge from my boy Moe ice bucket
challenge for ALS so I'm gonna start it
off like this now I dominate Harris it's
your turn that's next on dumb and dumber
right here part to dumb and dumber part
three dudes be like cop the sport blue
threes so this is the first time all
three of us have been together in a
while we found Rhys it's all Harris's
fault I mean so I have been getting
together we went to LA together that was
a whole three vlogs we went to he came
here we had a sleepover that was another
three vlogs apologizing last for me like
that was an insight so I still put in it
you put me as a bear nothing cow strikes
birthday is at the end of the month so
we're trying to plan it so we're gonna
find a barbecue out here and we're gonna
like play volleyball and basketball
humming did you love me hi guys we got
to go to SF to shoot this video that I'm
trying to release tomorrow
I've had this in my mind a while but now
I finally thought the time was right I
guess we're gonna get Harris into the
hot seat welcome to the first edition of
the hot seat you know a minute timer I'm
gonna say ass you non-stop questions for
a minute you have to give us the first
answer on your mind okay here we go
y'all three two what celebrity crush
right now
if you peed get married to one girl
right now who would it be in the entire
world favorite food
if you have to kick somebody out the car
right now dream car dusted pink or blue
blue your go-to spot to take a girl on
the date um my mom's house oh the light
is turning yellow do you go stop stop
that's a guy's time is up Harris beat
the lightning round
how's it feel feels good you are my
everything counts of organic naturally I
shall I doesn't know about that bass
all right guys it's getting late but
it's all good if this video is doing
really good right now we got two really
good responses so far the do screw oh no
I just gave us a new name all right but
we're gonna get back to shooting dude
screw you - all right so we're about to
film the last scene of the video which
is the little out intro so strikes
testing it out the video came out really
good I'm really excited about it needs
to go up ASAP so is probably gonna go up
before this V log goes out swag is on
the tape no that's too far come closer
wicked swag trying to work the pole
right there BAM ooh just got done
filming the suicide experiment I can
give you guys I don't know why I wasn't
saying the name of it before because
this is going up after the video but
maybe not subscribe to my main channel
if you haven't seen it link will be in
the description there's a random
Chihuahua roaming around but anyway
we're about to go eat what do you think
of the experiment it weren't really good
huh
when everyone is Cheesecake Factory and
we bout to a grub hard and it's like on
the top level so you got to take a
elevator to go up so I can they don't
deal with elevators though that quick
one too though this swag was 9+10 anyway
so this is the view of the Cheesecake
Factory
hit the CF role of SF at where's Harris
now so eat dinner up here
what's up J sign is right you you got
here
so I didn't see no the food is here you
know I had to go with the pizza swag
with with the burger so Ike's been in
the bathroom for how long 10 minutes
just trying to fend that change for 20
in the bathroom I think it shat
themselves I think he peed on his shoe
these wiping it off NASA's gonna end up
saying roads up there that's exactly
we're talking about NASA we're gonna go
through the roof yeah what's up people's
today's the day that I released the
video it's the next day after we film
yesterday whatever spending too much but
I released the video like I want to say
two hours ago or an hour and a half ago
and the response is crazy it's affecting
a lot of people everyone's loving it the
positive message they're not used to
something like this from me so I'm just
the feedbacks amazing people are saying
it's touch their lives
it's crazy what a YouTube video can do
man it's really crazy and this is
exactly why we are in this this is why a
lot of the real youtubers are and this
is not just for like the money and views
and popularity is to like change lives
and entertain and send positive messages
out there so let me show you guys
something funny on a brighter note
freaking couple was making out all over
the place in Union Square last night
intro I'm standing on right in front of
them so Harris pointed out to me when I
showed him the video that they're
visible in the intro and outro so let me
show you guys so look at that making out
right there
there we go now she's on top of him
you never know what can happen she is on
top of him people get a room
