yo guys what's going on man we out here
in Inglewood today cuz we are going to
the homie CJ soku's live show you know
what the drill is man we gotta say
what's up to the homie show some love
show some support so we about to go in
there and start the day off we got yg
west over here hello yeah you got fire
cakes in the building
right here
guys so I got a surprise for CJ he
doesn't know this but we're gonna go
over they were gonna surprise him now
before his meet and greet starts so this
I got a gift for your fans
I got a gift for you I got surprised you
you know I'm saying you won that sneaker
thing we did last time I guess some
games like you know I gotta give my boy
a prize so you want to give our good
prizes you know I'm saying right now so
you better without nothing you
when you see that box and gonna be like
damn glasses real quick well Lucy man
okay was he something that I'm good
already
good I do want to open this thank you
for giving me the pleasure that's you
some Yeezys bro did you break me up hey
no look real look look at the side crew
okay now that's lit that isn't the first
time I'm showing you guys these are the
new crew easy inspired slippers wash not
a prank after all then what you're the
first one to have them oh my gosh so
cool on the other side could have been
able am i had to make a custom one for
you okay I got you but let's just say
you gonna have the freshest kicks they
fit up to 13 4 to 13 because the insides
like super cuz it's stretchy material
you know okay okay you're right
well he actually does wear it out
I'm glad you came I should do my degree
with these own I might do that I might
do that thanks to you I got you thank
you brother I appreciate this man
now I'm about to give you a kick one day
oh oh yeah all right guys so we just
left the event right now shout out the
CJ pulled up to his event it was pretty
dope to stop by say what's up but now
we're gonna go back to the crib right
now and I want to talk to you guys more
about those slippers you just saw
because I kind of just like drool
Mathieu you guys didn't even know I
didn't even give you a warning so we're
gonna go back to the crib and talk about
those dream crew easy inspired slippers
all right guys so we are back at the
crib right now and now it's time to
finally show you guys BAM
we're gonna have a quick flash back to
about probably a month ago when we were
at the mag park at the Topanga mall and
that's where the idea came and the
process came to create these I go to
every sneaker con and I always see these
damn like house slippers there are easy
house slippers and I was like you know
what I want to make some dream crew ones
so dream crew easy house slippers coming
soon and now they are finally here in
front of us you are I don't know where
you live I'm just hoping we can start
off being friends I hope you understand
I'm not out here to impress
I try so hard to do my best in that
first dress so the sizing for these you
can wear them starting at a men's size
for like I don't even know of them if n
men wear size 4 but it size for all the
way to a size 12 and a half I believe so
1213 but the reason that is is because
it's so like you know like there's so
much padding on the inside that you know
your foot adjusts to the shoe adjust to
your foot because it like slips in there
you know I'm saying I'm trying to figure
out how to describe that it's hard it's
hard to say I promise you it will fit
you so basically yeah these things are
freaky and litt admits me homicides 12
and a half you're 12 and a half you have
it on all the way or no put it on all
the way yeah if people are wondering for
like the taller people I'm like a twelve
and a half so if you're twelve and a
half it's enough to twelve damn those
are so we can leave they're comfortable
to give you a little like a the
cushioning on the bottom let's just say
no boost so yeah now you guys are
probably wondering when are we going to
release the Dream Cruise slippers these
will be releasing for the first time
ever at sneaker Con Bay Area we're gonna
have a few there but then we're also
gonna be doing an online release as well
so most of it will be online but if you
are at sneaker con Bay Area you will
have first dibs hi guys so I got the
watermelon slippers on my feet do they
are a little key hella comfortable bro
yeah let's just say fam I got a gift for
you I got a gift for you
now why G feel like you already got one
but not only not only you get the
slippers oh wow friends and family bag
let's go ahead and open this up read
their family exclusive you know I've
always wanted one of these when I first
started family wears the facemask oh
yeah yeah my bad I got you oh come on
put the shoes on this match yeah water
water Malone boys damn day
seem a little jealous there do you need
a pair you need a pair since you already
have a strap that's just say fam you
already have the backpack hello finally
you so guys babji you got the backpack
before anyone well if you're gonna be
surprised at how comfortable they are
yeah for sure around the house your
cat's gonna be chasing you all over whoa
family just boost in here dude this is
super comfortable what do you say let's
just say Bay Area sneaker can't be ready
so as you guys see we got ourselves a
dead stock pair of Yeezys right here
that's thought pair of bzees I'm saving
these for when we've reached 1 million
subscribers cuz when we reach 1 million
subscribers what we doing give away
giving away 10 pairs of Yeezy so i'm
stacking them up right now I got one
pair right here I got another pair over
here so so we got two pairs of deadstock
Easy's for the giveaway so we just need
eight more right eight more gonna get
yeah blue tents we're probably gonna get
some like stripes and zebras and whatnot
so we got two pairs for the giveaway
alright guys so we're about to go to
Melrose right now cuz we are going to go
film at Mag Park and we'll see you guys
there you know I'm saying transition do
that swipe thing he goes oh yeah we
finally got you your backpack right here
so I get it he gonna pop out really
happened remember like a month ago we
were at
like we gotta make oh I got you bro we
got another one - oh yeah the underwear
I mean the facemask oh I mean I just
pictured that in my head I don't wear
this when we deliver your baby face
Bastrop February 16 yo you know
private-label calm at Mag park again and
I know I showed you guys these in the
last vlog but I finally got my size ten
and I'm not just gonna show them to you
here I want to do things on another
level so so let's just say black cement
I don't even know how about me I don't
even know about you I've enough - not
for the past few weeks I don't got a
clue how you can play pain
you can play Jane
I don't know who you are I don't know
where you live I'm just hoping we could
start off being friends yo guys so we
are back at the crib right now and an
unexpected box has arrived so you know
what that means
hit the intro I'm just giving all kinds
of gifts out today yeah anyway this box
is from my homies over at 8 and 9 and as
you guys know I just did the collab with
them on the sweatpants so we do have a
few pants left so if anybody wants to
cop the pants they're actually in here
hold on the dream poo pants quality on
these are crazy right there you see
dream crew right there you've got the
law drunk long drawstrings
you got the white stripe and then you
got the 8 9 logo zipper on the bottom
you know I'm saying got that fear a cock
fear God vibe feel this when you flew
this real quick that's anyone I say when
I'm on stage saucy and then they also
sent me some extra stuff too so let me
look at some of the goodies they sent me
we got some black all black sweatpants
when BAE's on FaceTime roasting you have
you know we got a nice little black crew
neck right there with the 8 9 logo gray
zip-up hoodie with this dope patch right
there look at that again if you guys
want to pick up the dream crew collab
sweatpants make sure you guys hit the
link in the description box down below
and you know I got a few pairs oh shoot
what size you need me know you want a
medium or small what alright guys so
after editing that vlog I realized like
95% of it was like me promoting stuff so
I want to apologize ahead of time but
hey you're still it vlog so thumbs up
and yeah subscribe I'm out of here I'll
see you guys with another banger
tomorrow and also this Wednesday I'm
dropping a bang or two so stay tuned for
that and
I don't even know how you feel about me
I don't even know how I feel about you
I've been nothing not for the past few
weeks I don't got a clue how you can
play me
