what's going on guys
so another beautiful day out in LA via
fire kicks out here big day today today
is the first of many parties events in
other in the process of me and Mina
getting officially married this one
today is basically what they call a
journey it's when my family goes to her
family's house and basically asks for
her hand in marriage obviously I already
proposed but this is like the cultural
you know step so whatnot I can't even
explain it because I'm just learning
about it too so so we're gonna go there
tonight I don't know how much I'm gonna
vlog there just because I don't want to
like shove the camera in her family's
face you know I'm saying so it's gonna
be probably a little bit of logging
there not too much mainly just the
process and going to get a haircut right
now and all that good stuff but
basically we're gonna start this vlog
off with the unboxing but I need fire
kickstand box because I'm driving
obviously so intro what's in the box
i'ma let fire cakes open it up where's
my phone dead this new updated yeah yes
I'll be screwed my phone it freezes all
right guys this merch will be on dream
crew calm it is pre order meaning that
everybody will get a chance to receive
it this is a 10-year anniversary merch
so it only be up for 48 hours
the ruin you ruined the element of
surprise like you're supposed to wait to
eat okay oh really I thought it's a
little bit of a okay well I already said
that didn't you boiling yesterday's log
younger I haven't shown them yeah like
you said that this is the 10th
anniversary merch I haven't seen it yet
I've only seen pictures but it's
available right now right now link in
the description on dream crew calm and
it is a pre-order so that means that
it's gonna be available for everyone for
well you guys are watching this on
Saturday so you only have 24 more hours
to order and then it's gone forever
alright guys the first merchandise movie
just get that yeah it's like blind and
Damned talents it
really well they sent me to I don't want
you guys gonna see the dream crew with
the X in the middle
we got the stat in the back with the
high beast champion the logo all of a
sudden fam and we got everything all the
stats and everything what color do you
say this is what do they call I call it
fault wall is the wall colorway it was
sick nice hoodie you know now we have
this one my favorites tie-dyed dream
crew this little cream color this is a
long-sleeve cream color yes my dad with
the cream on here super clean this one
is inspired by the old Kanye yeezus tour
March I remember the love it you usually
wear the shirt of law yeah the hoodie
you have to here yeah and then with the
staff in the back and all those logos
right here as well nice cream color so
this merch is like for all the diehards
that like reppin the crew it's like a
history of the past 10 years pretty much
and now we have you know we like to
switch it up on them so we got the red
camel dream clue red camel and black
farm yeah back on black it's very hard
to see but it's subtle so it's I think a
subtle type of vibe and again the same
that the logos in the back and all the
stats and these are nice what sizes do
they give me at everything this is like
so in both ex-felon large dam looks like
you got yours oh my god everyone's
driving so slow today but anyway guys
all that is available right now on dream
KU comm pre-order for the next 24 hours
and then it's gone forever I don't know
if the chains are sold out or not but
the silver dream crew chains are finally
on Jukka calm this lip
driving so slow they might be sold out
I'm not sure if they're sold out but if
they aren't there on Jukka comm link in
the description for everything I got a
rush to go get a haircut so I will check
in with you guys when I get to the
haircut and we have a long day ahead of
us so let's have some fun all right
since we're here it might as well look
at the shoe collection as you might find
some steals and deals at these types of
stores I managed a size 8 size 9 damn
look they got some hyper dogs are these
hyper dogs I don't know what these are I
pretend oh yeah those are the old size
yeah they got some Joe team Jordans
right here these were pretty clean
just Don's like they got to just down
flip-flops yeah bigger sizes always has
better stuff at these types of stores oh
yeah yeah it's pretty dry where's like
the big big big sizes that's when they
have the best stuff like bro let's this
is huge
sighs in my head this kid out of here
got a poor backyard
we got an hour to get ready guys are so
running late so running late so late all
right guys I need to go trim the beard
and all that good stuff so check in with
you guys in a minute
feel me so your boy out here finally
dressed up you got that pink Tyler we're
about to head out right now five kicks
over your suit were you at whoa damn I
don't know if any let them know I'm
freaking pacing all over the place cuz
we're already late and I'm about to do
the online drop in like 12 minutes we
start the online drop so I'm like trying
to promote that while I'm freaking
answering all these texts and calls from
my family asking where I am because
we're about to head over it's about an
hour and fifty minutes drive to Mina's
house and that's where the party is at
so super super crazy right now and we
got to go in while G's or hella late he
should have been here an hour ago so
we're still waiting on hua ji and things
are crazy right now
shout out to everybody who's already
bought the merch if you guys didn't know
it is a pre-order I know I keep talking
about it but I want to stress it because
after today after the next 24 hours it's
gonna be gone forever
I don't know again I don't know if the
chain sold out or not but see I just got
all these calls like it was you I'm just
calling me hello oh I took you to the
house use the Apple Maps not ways no no
no use Apple Maps the address while
jihad for this hotel was the wrong one
he ended up being like 10 minutes away
so we're gonna go wait for him in the
car how do we get out of here this way
right I think what me and I are gonna do
tomorrow before we check out we're gonna
jump in this pool but we're gonna jump
off of the roof off the ferry tonight or
tomorrow anyway we're in a rush the
merch about to drop so I'll check in
with you guys on the way there cuz like
I need to put the camera down right now
it's crazy right now your boys about to
get married poor not really but the
first step of getting married it's
intense
all right guys so after being in the car
for almost two hours we have finally
exited and we are very very close and
it's been since sneaky con la we haven't
seen this guy in the backseat but he's
fine
oh let's just say family's life change
okay since you missed those two free
throws to win double dong the only
remember I remember on the wind games
out picking at it
okay the team not them and they
ranked they didn't even rank you as the
number one best basketball player I know
what was that right dude cash actually
cash boom you know cash put me that - no
I think you put you out - yeah I can
take a surreal okay you recognize drew
recognized room yeah cuz you had the
three MVPs our two MVPs was a three or
two three damn three MVPs sketchy three
in one record but still them cost me the
game with those teams I lost one my
records for one right now yeah I got to
redeem yourself in New York though just
why I shine the most yeah okay big guy
wait are you even gonna be able to go
New York yeah this is done by the time
December 15th right on December 2nd
anyway we're about to be they're about
to go meet up with the whole family
right now and get the party started
and I'm not nervous yet but I feel like
I will be nervous right when I step foot
in there and I meet a family that will
soon be my family that I've barely met
any of them before so there's emotional
that's just a lot of emotions look how
concentrated he is I feel like you're a
overdrive
check out the LV supreme kay my god what
kind of flavor is it though back at the
hotel now and I just want to say tonight
was so much fun it was super super
awkward at first just cuz you know I had
to meet the whole family and it was just
my family meeting her family and it was
like super quiet but once the ice got
broken it was cool to her family super
super cool all her cousins are super
super cool so this is like the first
step to our future pretty much and had a
good time after that we all just chilled
talked hung out and now we are here
fire kicks in his underwear I know this
is probably a short vlog but hopefully
still enjoyed it because this was like
one of the most personal vlogs even
though I didn't vlog too much at the
party but just as far as like you know
telling you guys about the whole process
of us getting married and stuff like
that so it was pretty cool and it's a
pretty good vlog to kick off the next
ten years of my life on YouTube which
should be crazy if you didn't know I
mentioned it a million times the merch
is on sale I'm not gonna plug it anymore
cuz I've already blasted it this whole
vlog but I also do want to say tomorrow
I will be in Sacramento for all of a
sudden the tour pop up show you guys
pull up because this is my first ever
event in Sacramento so all my Sacramento
people better come out and show love
it's gonna be crazy we got some
surprises for you next weekend we got
the Bay Area and the Phoenix pop-up Sol
supremacy and Ben had though so Phoenix
and Bay Area be ready because the tour's
coming to you guys to Saturday and
Sunday
Toronto's coming up DC's coming up
and that's it five more stops I believe
on the tour five more stops and then the
tour ends and then we have complex con
and then we have Vegas and then we have
Memphis and then we got a freaking
London and then we got sneaker car
Berlin so we're going back we're going
to Germany my first time in Germany in
ten years which is crazy and then we got
New York sneaker con so like literally I
tell you guys this every weekend for the
rest of this year is booked for myself
which is crazy
so many dope things I got something
crazy coming out for complex con I can't
even tell you guys how excited I am to
be a part of complex con this year now
that's it that's all the talking I'm
gonna do please hit that thumbs up for
this vlog I would really really
appreciate it and that's it man I'm
wrapping it up I'll see you guys
tomorrow
