to me I think the vlog off with the
quick update I show the kite so my
experience was supposed to start this
week this Thursday we push the show back
three weeks it's starting on me it's
starting September 4th I so more
experience is coming it's gonna be
streamed live online and it's gonna be
also on TV on a few TV satellite
networks things like that but for all
you people that don't know where to
watch it it's gonna be streamed online
and on top of that most of the stuff
that we do on the show is gonna be on my
main youtube channel KY Cellmark right
now I'm just waiting for Ashley because
she takes five hours to get ready and
we're gonna go to Palo Alto we're gonna
have a little something to eat
we will shop in and we're gonna hit up
IKEA so that should be fun and yeah
dudes be like chicken fries are back
gotta take a selfie it's not a selfie
whatever
all the head offices over here into the
zillionaire but I saw at Stanford
shopping centers right next door at
Stanford College and this is like the
quietest shopping center I've ever been
to it's like well not never mind that
anymore she's like crying okay she
ruined it
anywho I just sold some shoes so I'm
$130 richer probably gonna spend it on
her but anyway
what's very money mrs. Harris
any time we go to Apple store she
freakin puts my videos on all the iPads
and all the laptops all employees start
watching it and tell awkward I mean I
guess it's good but she's hella anoying
ladies and gentlemen we are at the
second greatest place on earth I yeah I
have no idea why we are here we do not
need anything from here but we will see
what we will get from here free Wi-Fi in
this bitch if I couldn't if I was broke
I come like here to get some free Wi-Fi
you feel me this is the table I want
this is I want to get this for my living
room can you imagine how much room we'd
save if you don't even sit at that table
we're treating this place like a Chuck E
Cheese or something
but leave me
who sees on MTV Cribs you know you gotta
show you what's in the kitchen oh this
is nice
it's romantic I'm gonna laugh if you
break their bed just like dreads
yeah - guys do you know that in say this
is the same idea that I did my Ellen's
dance Darren so thank you to the psych
here where'd you go so thank you to this
IKEA for providing me with a place to
make my Ellen's dance there guys I found
the fire swags collection is about to be
in shame right now bro look at this oh
shit okay and pick them up right now
okay
they don't want nobody this is like
Fight Club they got it behind the glass
they got this fire right here so you can
touch but you can't take my bra I need
this right here
this is hard bro you tell me every day I
put on a pair of shoes and I'm done and
I'm just like okay okay ooh check that
out turn around the employee trick this
that he made us buy a six-pack of
cinnamon rolls for $2 bargain
and we're not even eat that yeah all
McDonald's ice cream is top ten for sure
have a lot of tough tense
word on the street I'm spitting take
this up enjoy are you gonna show them
honey did ballet was your sister
you like it oh yeah hi Zara what do you
have at your restaurant yogurt you have
all your food can I please have a water
okay how much
sixteen okay and how much for yogurts
five okay can I have one please
yeah thanks supposed to give you the
money in here and I'll tell all my
friends about your restaurant or freely
come on you fat body bah
dudes be like got a torn ligament I'm
gonna straight to the hospital right now
I need crutches he has some at home you
didn't want to bring up burning anyway
we had the mall right now but it you
know just walk around it's another day
it's hot as hell and yeah we just about
to walk around and take y'all with us
first checking out the lady she's white
whoo all right there well they like 15y
on the street I'm a suspect
brother they got the red Octobers up in
here bruh Christmas by the cop you got a
catch out hey hey yo what are you guys
think of these glasses right here you
know there's on that riffraff hype I'm
thinking about getting these for like a
Vegas pool party or some you fill me out
looking like Jody hot roller all right
so we were eating right now and I got
rudely interrupted and she says thank
you for watching I just got home from
the mall with Kristin D about to go all
right just changed cuz I'm about to go
play soccer because as you guys remember
I joined that soccer league I know what
you're thinking
leave your comments to yourself try to
catch this yellow light we made it ain't
got no plays you feel me
I don't think he knows any of his
teammates
oh wait that's not him that's him hmm
Sam alaikum
Mubarak that's what they just said y'all
do say we start know what our peoples
I'm in San Francisco right now
another beautiful day the city we came
out here to shoot again for the qaul
experience shooting another prank in
this alleyway right now it's a simple
prank - it's not complex and crazy like
all these pranks going on this is simple
just scaring people not just like oh
trying to give them yeah let's get on it
let's make it visible
I can't see just wrapped up yo some guy
we had some money on the ground who is
part of the prank and some die jacket
for money and I think I have it on the
GoPro so we'll put that footage in their
face I know I think he talked he like
spit yeah I think it went on burning I
had people's back him back home an old
saying you know and I'm hungry I got a
headache
cuz coming back from my stuff we were in
the car for like an hour and I got a
headache I can't stay in the car for
that long I was so annoyed
uh whatever I'm back home now but we'll
get some food from the best kebab joint
in the world you have one on you know
what I'm saying
free promo
Oh guys I'm but to stop this vlog right
now so this vlog has been like
continuously like four days and it's
just been like
this has been like non-stop of what I've
been doing the past couple days so I
don't know if you guys
I doubt it if you guys just want to see
me vlog like when I do things so you
guys can comment down below and tell me
what y'all think I'm over it anyway
let's go get some food I saw him here
waiting for my food and this guy came up
to me introduce yourself guys right here
and he said he wanted to be in a video
so I pulled out the camera and forever
now you got it you have to do something
entertaining whether I don't know do
something entertaining anything
