what is up interweb internet whatever I
just left Walmart right there won't work
because I bought this memory card that
I'm reporting on because I'm an idiot
and I forgot my memory card at home but
it's all good got a new memory card fill
me and um right now it's like about to
go down Kanye West is performing tonight
put my camera Kanye West is performing
tonight in SF at the Outside Lands
Festival and it's only Friday that he's
performing and I forgot about it but I
remembered and I hit up my boy Hasani
who is very good at the sneaking into
places and we don't have tickets so
we're gonna see what we can do we're
gonna try to sneak in and enjoy the show
so we'll see what happens we've got
something up our sleeves and you never
know we might get in no flex zone
he put the boots on God I'm signing you
for me was good bro slug brother your
this is the plan right now we're gonna
swerve to the left
I swear up to the right and then once we
get to the right we're gonna go under
the bridge and then we go through the
tunnel and then we're about to cut hair
and we're in alright so right now we're
trying to get free parking
doulas outside trying to talk to
security
rotten and scheming try not to waste a
dollar who outside lands people I know
there's a lot even I don't know what the
hell it was talking to the dude above
all right guys we got it
checkpoint one clear so we went up and I
said I'm a barber and this is one of my
head stylist he does the color for the
hair and they asked me what artist I
said Kanye West
yeah then even know these guys they're
all from Fresno they're like oh we have
no idea what this is but we'll check in
with you guys in a second what's that
boss and we're not here for the show
we're with the production so we got
parking we tried to get VIP parking but
VIP parking was this close didn't happen
but we're still pretty close now all
that's left is a little hill maybe one
or two or ten fences and all right we
just all snigger to assemble the tees
the starti minor
we're like 30 people I know are hiking
now we got past well there wasn't really
security there yeah well we found a spot
oh my god
maybe your campaign
guys we succeeded well I don't I didn't
get to vlog that much because we were so
busy trying to scheme to get in a scheme
they chopped offense and it broke I
broke my triceps I got in Chima got in
kind of we got yeah we got it
the way we got it is we got caught by
some security and then I gave them
everybody's not to bring us to the
police and then the escort us out there
escort us you saw up security and we
pretend to pay them yeah we told one
security guard that we paid the other
security guard but we didn't but it
works out now it's time to eat
yeah man okay guys it's like 4:00 a.m.
right now about to get ready I'm leaving
to Lake Tahoe again I was there like
last month but I'm going again but I
have some fun water I don't know what
I'm saying right now anyway
I'm not gonna talk I'm just gonna blog
when I get there so bye guys
