okay but that's none of my business
welcome to Crewe TV welcome to monthly
pick ups I am Kai somar and today I have
a special guest you guys know him the
man that needs no introduction but I'm
gonna give him an introduction swagger
Diddy oh yeah you guys always here
always hear me say so I get Diddy we
wear our sneakers so I thought I'd bring
him on the episode today and he can tell
you guys that he does wear sneakers we
could put that to an end guys we're
gonna end that because too many people
comment on this Instagram saying that
stuff and too many people have been
blocked so if you guys don't know what
this is this is monthly pick ups where I
show you guys what I picked up for the
month this episode being for the month
of July right
yeah July after I'm done showing you
guys where I picked up for the month of
July I got a special segment at the end
of this with my homeboy Jamie who shows
us his 10 favorites I think it was -
yeah his 10 favorite sneakers but let's
get him to my collection shall we ready
we always start out with apparel but I
only picked up three pieces of apparel
including two five pieces if you include
two socks but us a Nike Hyperlite socks
you know the USA Basketball thing just
started if anybody's wondering you can
go get these they're pretty much all
over the place right now our champs has
them Foot Locker House of Hoops regular
foot lockers have um Nike calm lanky
calm has some oh boy Paul George man
well cuz you're letting suit
yeah well man it's never nothing was the
same thing next up I got this Nike tech
jacket from the Nike clearance store in
Marina the hood is a 3m this one was
originally like 90 bucks I got it for
like 20 bucks I got this white little
shorty button-up you know it's
summertime 1797 hmm
no collar if you can see that there's no
collar on here it's just like though
Drock that ya can't go wrong so I
getting about that life bro and then
it's something I've been looking for for
months
some white jeans I finally found some
all right everything from Zara I think
there were general prices like 90 bucks
but I got these for like 30 bucks or
whatever I was thinking about tearing
him up my business that's it for a pair
of that was quick
we're gonna change things up today okay
so usually I just show you my sneakers
but today we're gonna switch it into
three different subject let's do that
okay so we'll have comfort your general
release and then we'll do our fire pick
up pace fire pick up first off let's
start out with the comfort comfort intro
alright okay we'll go with these because
these are our top air jordan futures if
you guys know about the air journal
features they finally made like a
comfort shoe and it has the 11 bottom on
there and you're probably wondering why
I have a colorway that never came out so
I could did he like is this a sample is
this uh is this a fake I mean you could
get these anywhere pretty much there's
they are everywhere and I did paint them
though that's why they are all red this
was originally white this midsole right
here but I painted there already
Doku super comfortable retail on these
is 150 if you want it with the regular
white one you could go to any store and
they pretty much have it right now but
if you want you could buy the paint it's
like a acrylic red shoe pane or
something like that I got it from here
so I'm not sure what website it was I'm
not sure if I would cop any more
colorways but hey I got my own colorway
it's not a one on one I've seen other
people do it but whatever join a future
Joe okay next up in comfort this is my
first time ever I think I've had an
adidas pick up I've wanted these shoes
for I think like two months now since
they came out and the reason why I never
bought them was the price point they
were 120 but I finally got a hook-up on
them and connect these are the adidas
pure boost comes with two sets of laces
red and blue kind of wonder why I came
with red and blue laces it's kind of
weird because this shoe is just white in
black and I what kind of be weird I
don't know but whatever it comes with
the extra laces I saw a review by
Nightwing if you guys know her Knight
ring is on YouTube about these shoes and
he said that these shoes were the most
comfortable shoes he's ever worn so I
went to the store and I tried them on
and I was
maze-like honestly I did not expect it
to be that comfortable these are ten
times more comfortable than Nike Roche
runs I didn't believe it at first but
everybody I tell that to they don't
believe me and then I make them try it
on I'm gonna make the statement right
now the most comfortable shoe I've ever
put on my foot and when I say that you
guys know I've put a lot of shoes on my
feet I second that
yeah those are you to comfort shoes
which ones do you guys like more out of
the comfort I know you guys are gonna
say this let's get into the general
release got myself some cole Haans right
here Cole Han is it used to be
contracted with Nike so they have Nike
technology in their dress shoes as you
can see it's got that lunar bottom that
you see on a lot of Nike running shoes
like the Nike Flyknit which I have here
but look I dress you as the same exact
bottom as a Nike running you learn
something new every day so I get the
lunar grand
lolene lunar grand low-wing for anybody
who's wondering next up for general
release category before I open this I
want to give a big shout out to my head
Ahmed and Watchi you guys came over they
bought like six pairs of these thinking
that they were gonna be super limited
and they could sell them for a good
price but these are still sitting in
shelves or whatever I like them a lot
and I copped them so I'm not tripping
Colby nine flying it so this is the
elite Kobe nine and this colorway right
here is actually called the Michael
Jackson that's why they put the moon on
the bottom because you must walk in
these I guess these fits more snug than
the the high top elites comment down
below what you guys think and I can't
wait for the Beethoven tolerate to come
out white and black
what Shoji did you cover fair did you
get a secret Conway buddy you sell you
did you trade your Brazil back for easy
but
so that was our general release category
and I got to drink some water before we
get into the next category category
category the category it is our heat
department ladies and gentlemen now it's
not like super exclusive to me it's fire
so as you guys can see we got as the new
SB Tiffany boxes in hand right now I
wasn't able to get these for retail I
had to buy them off somebody for resale
price a little Oh under resale price I
got a good deal actually on these so the
guy hooked me up it's kind of hard to
explain these shoes but I'm gonna try my
best to do it without wasting ten
minutes of your time these are the Air
Jordan SB Lance Mountains and you can
see that I already took the paint off
both shoes came like this this one was
black with a red bottom and then this
one was all black with the blue bottom
so what these shoes are made for is that
you're supposed to skate in them or just
wear them over time and the paint is
supposed to come off and it's supposed
to unveil the original colorway of the
Air Jordan 1 which is the Royal on this
foot and then the bread on this foot a
lot of people what they do is they use
acetone and different things like that
to take the paint off so that it exposes
the original colorway and you could wear
the two original colorways so I decided
to do that I've already taken the royal
off but I left the bread one on just so
I could show you guys what it looks like
before and after so you wear them
together and then you're gonna have a
royal on a bread on your feet now let's
get into what swagger did he has you
want to open it for them sure this is
the white pair so this one you kinda I
could kind of show you guys how it works
is so both shoes were all white red
bottom blue bottom you take the paint
off of this it's gonna be the same color
as this pair right here the reason why I
got both pairs is because if you have
both pairs and you take all the paint
off you can mix it up and you put this
one with this one and you've got the
blue pair right here and you put this
one and this one and you got the red
pair right there you guys I hope because
we watch this until you understand I
hope I explained it correctly because
it's kind of confusing as to be Jory
ones which one which color with you guys
like better you guys like the black pair
you guys like the white pair God our
heart takes
my last pickup of the month let me get
some more water because it's getting us
a little hot in here I mean anybody can
get these pretty much but to me they're
still fired because they are a Nike ID
the thing about these shoes is they're
not complete until you have the laces do
that hooked it up you can google it just
type in watch your throne smooth tip
laces watch the throne LeBron 11 Nike
IDs they had the regular black and gold
laces like I said I got the laces from
the smooth tip customs finally he like
we stopped some like randomly and he's
very hard to get ahold of but whatever I
finally got him inspired by the watch
the throne LeBron nines the sample
version that's why I did the
glow-in-the-dark green bottom because
the sample version has the green bottom
one of my favorite nike IDs I've ever
done dream crew on the inside gets can
barely see it dream crew so what do you
guys think out of the fire department
when smell ends or do you guys think it
was the watch the Thrones now it's time
for you guys to check out my boy Jamie's
collection and talk about it a little
bit so let's go ahead and check that out
right now
what's up everybody today we are doing
something a little bit different I'm
gonna let my homie introduce himself for
you guys what a great idea for Justin
Bieber Selena Gomez to play the flooring
Quincy Brown few Disney stars and the
list goes on we begin for right now
right now I'm doing bijective Clio
Thomas I'm in store DJ and I told
come through and bring his top 10
fragrance shoes let's go ahead and get
us started with I guess number 10
Oh break a lot of hearts this is number
10 this is not 2013 they're nothing like
that so what strap arguably the best
colorway of the Air Jordan 1 are ult so
you don't see why all right there's our
number 9 number 9 I was not expecting
that Foamposites Pell 2012 not big fan
of the foams now meanie different
however you know the black joint I call
these the Batman I will these out for
like Vegas and stuff like that it's easy
I should go inside the club with these
this is this is one my favorite shoes
this is DJ am done not a lot of people
have this these are most probably uh the
reason why I started DJ before you die
do you make this shoe and it actually I
honestly think it's one of most dito
shoes it has if you're a DJ the
technique a little pattern on the disc
on the turntable I like that those that
have these have meaning to you a lot of
people just wear shoes because I fell
away but Easons actually have meaning
sir I was so hype about this you want to
came up these are the cat force 2012 I
think is the best for has come out a
long time these were limited this was a
quick strike it took me like days I
camped out for it
most of these shoes I count that for and
so even though yes I'd be Jake for
celebrities I still have to camp out
that's another this is sick number six
right here Concord 2011 this one has
more meaning than any hype I bought my
dad bought me these he bought me these
to the hundred grades even though yeah
I'm old up soon at school but you know
my dad I love
school so these have more meaning than
anything so we're going into a number
five there's a oh gee one this is OG
nike air bag a lot of people might think
like all those are beat up and they're
why would you like these but this is
like history right here I was aware
these here today and then like and now
isn't a crumble on me on three steps
number four getting closer to now these
are party a lot of people's are I wear
these so much they got my yeah you go
see the look that you wear them
definitely nike air on the tongue like
your eternal Jumpman logo release
there's only 50 thousand of these guys
damn beta numbered these I didn't I
remember that I was watching DJ skis
thing and he showed that yeah I take
these over the breath any very Royals or
bread one which one do you guys like
better write in the comments down below
personally I got to go with the world to
know this is a tie breaker for me I
laughed move are hatin so I couldn't
choose what rooms was three at which was
too honest
how do you think these are three this
would be over so fast these are my go-to
everyday shoes and it has right here in
the back I minded like paying attention
to him right now I'm in love with these
right here I got the word these are
coming out I was calling every day yo
are you gonna easily
TV no nowhere no nowhere I stopped by
undefeated at 11 o'clock wants to help
and I said oh yes Jana he's like yo you
gotta make one right now it was Tuesday
she came into Saturday what I ran home I
live two blocks of it I ran home I got
this uh I used to drive oh oh that's man
and I pull one of the seats out put it
there captured I guess I did a a big-ass
back seat though I was second in line so
our way to get four days are you choose
probably shoot I was saying between
those two obviously gonna have to both
be easy number two because you know
Kanye is my favorite artists all-time so
that's three 90s and we have one more he
hasn't seen these I'm not this is the
reason why I got into sneakers
oh I'll wear these everywhere we use
this 2001 Oh
blacksmith three Nike and about the
material for her watching oh good I want
to keep you guys for what you choose you
know it's funny that we're talking about
him as this is his favorite Jordan of
all time this colorway as well
yeah appreciate you
there aren't guys doing big things to
find me at Instagram JK I am ev8 great
it's gonna be written right here and
then just looking at your Instagram
kinda gets me hot doesn't motivate me
too because you doing big things like so
yeah like actually we met I'm gonna move
on Ustream I was going to cool it Tim
ricke shot him up I was like yo let's
talk sneakers and we've got to go party
with Diddy and stuff right thank you
alright guys I hope you guys enjoyed
that thank you for watching this month's
monthly pick ups remember to comment
down below if you guys have any
questions I try to reply to a mall or
you could tweet me or Instagram me it's
at Kai so mark you can give them yours I
got like a pity that so I could Diddy on
all the social and everything and we
also started a sneaker account so we can
post more sneaker pictures on our on
Instagram it's at Crewe cakes so check
it out we do a lot of sneaker pictures
and we just didn't give away too but
we're gonna be doing more giveaways soon
click that thumbs up and please please
subscribe thank you guys we reach 20,000
- so big thank you to you guys you guys
are amazing
and thank you for supporting the vlogs
if you guys don't watch my blogs it's
all good it's all love I know some of
you are just here for the pickup thank
you guys I appreciate every single one
of you and we'll see you next month
I'm feelin
