Premium gas ain't no joke you know what
I'm saying I'm at the gas station
filling up the baby better take a
one-hour drive that away to Modesto
where Harris lives and Swagger Diddy and
I'm gonna spend the night there and
we're gonna have some fun so we're gonna
be vlogging all night maybe pull an
all-nighter we'll see I don't know swag
need to sleep urghhh slept in like keith
fish man all right being so I got dying
right now because we're going through
his things he's not here you went to
prayer right with the prayer you went to
prayer and for an hour and we come and
we're looking at it as to see if you
guys do comment down below which ones
real the bitch was fake this is one
funny guy
funny guy funny guy funny guy funny guy
if Morgan Freeman was Indian the
evidence you've been only is 10% of the
race could you imagine if the no idea
spicy chicken sandwich myself please no
tomatoes he's getting money for the
1-800 okay we're just waiting on the
spicy and the to top and a couple of
barbecues couple of Rangers or is this
guy yelling at us it's a 556 we haven't
slept we're gonna go sleep right now a
catapult so this is Leonardo da Vinci's
catapult mother cousins broke it I'd
show you how it works
Goodin that you see in the morning good
morning crew TV
Paris is up being productive Bernanke
burst me bro all right all G this Beach
is broke is fast a lot of people are
asking me to update my collection do an
updated video for my collection I just
give them a little sneak peak Lane let
them know if they're messing with really
quick cuz you didn't have these okay you
didn't have these right you didn't have
this guy I didn't have definitely that I
have these didn't have these not have
you did all right we gotta save this for
a whole sneak peak we can't be giving
them to my first impression of so I
could do what's up guys it's me second
ditty I have a few channel I'm doing
shout outs for sneakers and I like
triggers my favorite sneaker of all time
I love this shoe regrets a lot of
memories and burning switch that he
stood up in 24 hours
yeah yo what's up it's me I'm a time the
Bollywood King as you guys already know
you keep putting down in the comments
below
coach coach you meet up yah hey Shauna
hon all day Kajol one love hit it from
one time this is a call about yeah so I
get did he just tweeted let me DM him no
but he can't reply back to me signature
signature sign up signature sign up yeah
we just got to the park better take some
sneaker pictures as you guys know we're
really into sneakers so we like to take
some photos and post them on our
instagrams and stuff like that we
decided to make a joint sneaker account
so we could pull some over more of our
sneaker pictures so because we don't
want to like annoy our regular like QoP
fans and everybody else that follows us
too much it's gonna be called khru cakes
it's already live so if you want to
follow it go ahead
is it cocoa butter come on when I try
say that this would ruin a wofully so I
get dizzy said are you talking Farsi
first off in elementary school we used
to go to like the top of these and jump
off into the tanbark to see who could do
it and I never broke anything but I did
it done my parents came all the way from
Afghanistan into America so I can fit my
dream I have to treat dreams right now
in my life one is dream crew so one of
them is to become a millionaire and the
other one is to seeing the national
anthem at a sports event or anything you
know so let me show you guys my practice
by the dawn's early light and the
Rockets red glare the bombs bursting in
air gave true to the song that's all
right our flag was
oh say does that star-spangled banner'
and of the brain
happy birthday America sneakerheads be
like oh dude this is totally illegal
either likes tough everybody who's
Harris got that I could just sing like
star-spangled banner' Xin shit but right
here I'm no ma I'm gonna get romantic
for you guys here we go
girl when I see you on down the road do
you know I wanna get your toes cut them
off and put them on a chain so I could
wear them around my neck like a wedding
ring that's kind of disgusting oh I'm
kind of disgusting like a girl I'm so
sick of love songs so well if you're
sick of them are you singing one love
your curves and all your edges all your
perfect imperfections because maybe
dedicate all my crew TV subscribers I
love you guys in all of me goes to all
of you here you can see I got the play
off 12 nice cut the aphids over 13 guys
my birthday's coming up September 21st I
think I'm gonna open the peel box no
presence I just want like letters and
Krispy Kreme gift cards drawers if
anybody can draw draw it's not be dope
and then also like I'll open the peel
box soon just got done with the shoe
as hot as hell my whole life melted
if Harris made vlogs I think as long as
it'd be like 40 minutes each daily
because I need talks it just keeps
cooking I went I liked uncut raw
you know like step into my life but we
don't understand why you blog will never
understand maybe what do you guys see
the instinct hair should start a channel
and just upload maybe like two blogs
here's half and half - blogs to you but
some trips I'm on to a whole a whole
video for just the trip and then you can
make the channel name wines here's
vlogging that's G yeah I think what do
you guys think galaxy backgrounds
there's an open here come on
close this because people are gonna make
fun of us for walking into a photo hood
three guys one photobooth
Internet
there's a handsome man can do that so I
was looking through a forever 21 and
some of their mannequins are a little
weird I don't know what it is about it
but I think it's this one right here
that's like kind of like it's very
realistic
there's Suzy I want this shirt can he
take it so for evidence but this is a
display of how it and there's something
weird about the display I don't know
what it is but that something's really
weird about the display
what do you think my man you think it's
a good display or not display i bra
really miss you see you later bro before
I end this vlog I just want to talk I
usually don't just straight-up talk but
I think it's nice to say for me to talk
because you know I'm three weeks away
from my TV show starting for those of
you guys who don't know I'm getting my
own TV show it's gonna be on my MTV you
can watch it live on I am - TV calm or
it's also gonna be on different networks
and things like that through satellite
TVs and online providers we're gonna do
a lot more vlogging in the next two
weeks of just behind the scenes and
things like that and I really can't show
you too much because like the a lot of
the stuff that we shoot is not coming
out right away you know for a TV show
you gotta shoot tons and tons of
material and have it set for for the
rest of the season so we're just
shooting every chance we get we're
trying to shoot as many pranks and skits
and things like that and my show is
called the kite summer experience it's
gonna be crazy we hit 20,000 subscribers
on crew TV thank you guys I love you
guys let's try to reach 50k by the end
of this year I think it's possible
especially with all the things we're
gonna be doing with the TV show and
another thing about the show is that
after we release every episode weekly
I'm also gonna be uploading sketches
from the show on to my YouTube so don't
think I'm going to start my YouTube
because I'm not and that's pretty much
it for now guys we'll end it like this
the transperancy 3d of them
you
