was ham and people welcome to another
monthly pickups
I'm Kai's for those of you guys who
don't know me monthly pickups is pretty
much what I show you guys what I picked
up for the month in this episode is for
the month of June 2014 I know I told you
guys that I was gonna do apparel and
shoes in two different episodes but I
had decided to cancel that because a lot
of people were saying that they wanted
it all together now I know that this
episode is a few days late but I've been
super busy because I've got a huge
announcement that I'm going to announce
this Friday on my main channel so if you
have not subscribed to my main channel
and you want to know what that huge
announcement is because it's pretty huge
head over to my main channel youtube.com
slash Kai's Omar so you can get the four
one one now let's get on to my monthly
pickups let's start off with what I'm
wearing on my body
Nike Netherlands Jersey because as you
guys know the World Cup is going on
right now and my team that I'm
supporting is the Netherlands there's
just my favorite team a lot of people
are like oh you're a bandwagon no but
I've been supporting them for the past
couple of World Cups that's just a team
I like if you have a problem with that
then you aren't gonna do anything about
it so stop talking now let's go ahead
and get into the apparel first off I'm
gonna say a big thank you to Siddiqui
clothing for sending me these two shirts
right here
got this one right here I got this one
right here that I really like now I
don't I really don't like wearing shirts
that say like phrases on them or little
things like that but this one is simply
so I'm definitely working with this one
I'm already just one pretty I'll
probably wear this today thank you guys
for sending me these two dope shirts and
if you guys want to check these shirts
out or purchase them yourself their link
to their website is in the description
down below
I went key Bay shopping for the first
time in my life and I was looking for a
old school Jersey to get but when I
found this one I was like okay I'm
getting this old-school champion USA
basketball jersey I'm gonna leave this
to you guys and number five USA Jersey
whose Jersey do you think this is it was
only 30 bucks next up this is a steal
right here okay I went to Urban
Outfitters often one day and they had
clearance section and these were only
$19.99 no they were $39.99 plus 50% off
so these were only 20 bucks Levi's jeans
all right I got this denim shirt because
I needed a new denim shirt then I'm sure
from H&M
it's got that faded look to it it's not
just raw one color denim this one was
only $24.99 I think and I've been
wearing this a lot too so I might have
to retire this one sooner than then I
want to because you know I just don't
like wearing the same thing over and
over and over
my last apparel pickups are from eBay
again they came together in a package
from Toronto Canada and it's only right
that it comes out of Toronto because it
is the great night ovo Toronto Raptor
shirt they give this away at the Raptors
game during the season at Drake night so
you got the OBO logo on the back the
front you got the Toronto Raptors and
the second shirt that I got in the
package northern uprising Toronto
Raptors ovo collab shirt so they gave
this one out for the first game of the
playoff run so shout out to the lady
that I got these off of ebay for it was
both of them for 60 something dollars
plus shipping so shout out to her so now
it's time to get into my favorite part
of monthly pickups the sneakers so the
first year that I want to show you guys
for those of you guys who follow my
vlogs you know that I was at sneaker Con
in LA if you do if you don't follow my
vlogs on this channel you can click
right here I got the custom Air Jordan 3
cement inspired Roche runs these are
made by the good the great the amazing
JP customs when I went over there we
talked to each other such a cool dude
when I told him that I really wanted
these he had him there in a size 10 and
he hooked me up so I really appreciate
it elephant cement print whatever on the
the toe just like the edge one in threes
he also because he's such a good dude he
gave me his custom he gave me his custom
San Francisco warriors snapback follow
him on instagram check him out he makes
shoes for Dwyane Wade and I have one of
his pieces so I'm really happy
two of his pieces actually since we're
talking about Roche
these right here are known as the Santa
Monica pack Roche runs or some people
are calling them the nothing was the
same Roche runs because they look like
the sky from drinks album cover nothing
was the same so I added these white and
gold laces on here if you can see him I
got them from a website I just went on
Google and I typed in shoe laces and I
came up so I decided to get gold paint
and I painted the inside swooshes gold
it was my first time painting a shoe
like this and I didn't want to mess up
so I like taped around the swoosh and I
painted it and it kindly came off here
but whatever it looks good to me so yeah
let me know what you guys think of those
since we're on the topic of Rosa run
still come on now come on now you know I
had to do it gold medal rush runs I
believe that's what they're called kind
of reminds me of the ovo Air Jordan 12s
and the Air Jordan tens that have not
came out but we've seen all over the
internet inside this black leather which
makes this shoe so comfortable when I
wore these is are probably the most
comfortable roaches I've ever put on my
feet they were a hundred bucks I got
them off of finish line calm while I was
driving do not buy shoes and drive this
it's very dangerous but they were gonna
sell out quick so I had to do it so out
of the three road runs that I copped
this month let me know in the comments
down below which one you like the most
and I'm gonna look at my text message
that I just got so I get that he just
texted me he said what's up y'all Bernie
oh speaking of swag and Diddy we posted
his sneaker collection on another video
on koo TV so if you haven't seen that
check out his shoe collection
so my beautiful girlfriend was in Europe
this past month and she did not know
what to get me she sent me like pictures
from footlocker over there they had a
few good things but like not worth her
bringing all the way from over there so
I told her to just get me whatever she
wanted so I got these moccasins that she
got me really dope it's from Zara super
comfy I wore them a couple times already
and they last they don't they don't make
my feet hurt after a while Thank You
Love and I owe you
next up alright I got three more shoes
to show you guys I guess I'll start out
with ones that I don't really care about
and I'm probably gonna get rid of the
Air Jordan 11 low infrared 23 a lot of
people thought these were the Space Jam
loads when images first came out and
they are not Space Jam lows if you do
have them
that's dope they are a great summer shoe
but for me personally it's not a shoe
that I'm too crazy about so why would I
waste 160 bucks and keep them in my
collection
shoutout to sole supremacy in new work I
did a trade with them I cannot quite
remember what I traded this is a shoe
that's been on my list for a while and I
could finally cross it off
LeBron 9 BIGBANG's also known as the
LeBron 9 all-stars orange is my favorite
color I could wear this with my outfit
right now because you know Netherlands
is all about that orange I don't have
too many blue bronze this is the second
LeBron in my collection the other LeBron
that I have is a little brown line
Liverpool so I only have two LeBrons of
my collections and they're both LeBron
lines and these ain't even that special
okay laughs what the K D so you guys
know the what the KD anytime you hear
what the and a shoe it means they mash
up all the different colorways into one
shoe and every single thing on the shoe
is completely different as you can see
these are not two different sneakers
they are together they are a pair which
the bottoms were glow-in-the-dark
that's just my opinion my favorite shoe
out of the two is definitely this one I
have now the what the KDS what the kobe
sevens and what the Kobe AIDS so I'm
cool off my what the collection and
before I go I want to thank you guys for
being so supportive with me being
patient with these monthly pickups I
know I don't exactly help load them on
the days that I say I'm gonna build them
but I'm trying my best to be consistent
you guys have any questions tweet me
anything like that I appreciate you guys
I'll see you guys with my monthly pick
ups for July next month
Brenda visit
