what's up everybody welcome back to crew
TV I'm your host guys today we're out
here in lovely Bay Area about to check
out the sneaker collection of some Rob
aka swagger Diddy let's see what he's
got in his collection big back sorry
y'all who doesn't have a doorbell you
know I'm saying like what's up Jesus
been on here for 30 minutes so I get the
day off
you know myself the swag indeedy
finally you guys get to see my
collection I got a little something for
you guys so come on in and enjoy
notice my LeBron collection got the cool
gray eight use well them these fire
flames spitter because you know when I
wear on fire
got these right here Canon nines love
these Liverpool is are as long as it
your favorites right I might go to one
of my favorites see where those with
your bandana thought yeah whatever
nothing to you oh I got things right
here one of my favorite these actually
might be my favorite you up with those
yeah I can't say who he is but weird I
think I just feel mental as you can see
we wear our shoes people wear your
sneakers people all-star gumbo as you
can tell this clothes right here these
are the Kobe vibes you know you kind of
hesitated there when you guys you know I
don't like I like Kobe shoes but I don't
own a lot so you know I kind of get a
mixed up boxing six these right here my
favorite Kobe's what do you call these
right here these California love this
what a Jordans
okay now we got goodies right here yeah
I hope in these some ways can tell rumor
has it that these are your go-to
sneakers for sneaker conventions that's
false information you know at these twos
just got him recently
they retro I haven't wore these yet what
do you call those
hype because there hype twos are
probably the worst left i jus TT ER g
buddy okay I like those these are very
limited tour all fours Harris's favorite
shoes gravies are his favorite shoes he
loves these Firefox fire at sixes and
frozen not infrared sixes Bugs Bunny
eights Harris called those the Miss
Piggy
it's what you gotta say to him there's
not a moody - there's oh yeah I just
realize that dude
blacktone right on oh I'm sorry to do
this homework
sevens shutout oversell a shout-out to
ref tens steals doubled up on Lulu the
Greyhound bus 12 right yeah not taxi you
don't know oh wait but you these right
here I love these she go game according
to Harris oh there she got games but
that really the he got games that's come
over here show you guys
right 11th hey let's go - and she's
going to be stuck sido Mo's Bernie
hey you gotta say to all the people that
comment on your Instagram pictures
saying we wear sneakers
rumor has it you block them in if you
got blocked by me you have commented
that and you ain't gonna follow back
then they don't love you don't know
whether you know more whether you call
these bees
when we see snakes we skin up shout out
to DJ Khaled once again DJ Khaled bought
you those conquer those you got a piece
so yeah time to shoot summertime in and
I see you got the height top you know
patty I put the glass camera left got a
devil of people down below shout out to
everyone who commented on on Instagram
saying I don't wear my shoes I broke
those infrared yeah
shout out to my blood
these are the uncle pearls right here
all pearls are uncle girls this is a
really meaningful shooting me because my
aunt had breast cancer
you know she fought it thank God but
this sick shoot got these right here
shut up those bug what the LeBrons what
they gave you oh you walk into a room
and you're wearing these and your
enemies just chilling right there and he
looks at your feet he forgets that he's
your enemy
come on what the Katie why us bridgie
really
I don't like phones I actually hate you
don't like following us Oh easy phones
as they call it
inspired by the red Octobers got the go
tips shout out to the plug now you got
two shows your monument bro yeah so this
took me about a year maybe a year and a
half this about something you know and
what time is it brother shoot
6:32 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
nine ten eleven twelve o'clock and it's
a clock right come on his hands are a
little small that's Jan I'm not talking
about on his body sometimes I like to
just get my mini hookah sit down watch
time go by because you can't get that
back
alright job I hope you enjoyed swaggered
in his collection everyone follow me on
instagram swagga TV with 1g like rate
subscribe to OPP the best then i love
you no more my you no more thank you for
having us why you did is he left me
buddy
