so today for you guys is September 29
2017 this day marks my 10 years of being
on YouTube
I don't even know how you feel about me
I don't even know how to feel about you
I've been often on for the past few
weeks I don't got a clue how you can
play me
Wow first thing I'm gonna say is I'm not
gonna sit here too long and talk about
this whole journey because I know that
could get boring to some people and even
though it's been 10 years I still have
another 10 20 30 I don't know how long I
don't know how much more I got in the
tank but I love doing this man this has
been life changing without YouTube I
honestly don't know what I would be
doing with my life
I do not know where I would be and I am
so grateful for all of these crazy
opportunities that I've gotten from
uploading videos to the Internet
my journey starts before YouTube I was
making videos when I was in middle
school and elementary school making fun
videos with my cousins and showing them
to my family at parties I used to use a
huge VHS I used to hook up three VHS is
together and I'd play a video that we
recorded on one and then I'd record it
on the other one and use the color
components to change audio and add me
like I've been doing this before I had a
laptop and I've been always passionate
about making videos I have to thank my
dad for giving me a camera and you know
how just teaching me how to use it to be
able to look back at my life and my
journey and all these crazy adventures
I've had over the past few years that's
why I love uploading and I also love
uploading because I love to share my my
life with you guys I've put some of the
most and the funnest experiences the
crazy experiences some of the most
personal experiences on my youtube
channel to share with you guys and it's
crazy because some people come up to me
and they they remind me of stuff that I
did a few years ago that I forgot about
so it's like you guys know me better
than I know myself and that that also
sounds cliche but it's it's really true
I've never once been acknowledged
personally by YouTube obviously I've
gotten the plaques for reaching a
hundred thousand subscribers on all
three of my channels which is Anna crazy
and it's unbelievable and I'm so
grateful for those but I've personally
never been reached out from my youtube
and that's I'm not mad at that
I understand that I'm not the biggest
youtuber I still want to say thank you
to youtube I still want to say thank you
to somebody if somebody is out there
from YouTube that is watching this I
want to say thank you guys for creating
such a great platform
giving us the creator's an opportunity
to showcase anything we want to and I
understand sometimes we get pissed off
at you guys because your website kind of
doesn't work sometimes but at the end of
the day I'm grateful to be able to make
a living off of YouTube and be able to
meet amazing people and it literally
changed my life my goal was to reach 1
million subscribers by my ten year
anniversary now obviously we did not
reach that goal I am a hundred and fifty
thousand subscribers short of that but I
don't take this as a fail to me the 10
year anniversary is 10 years of me never
giving up on my dream and doing what I
love and if there's one thing I want to
tell people with this whole journey it
is to inspire every single one of you
guys to go out there and do what you
love despite what people tell you
despite the days where you thought you
were gonna give up and you could never
make it in whatever you love the days or
you felt like your everyone was against
you don't give up two years ago I found
something that it was perfect for me and
it was my love for sneakers and that's
what definitely escalated my subscriber
count from a hundred thousand to 850
thousand where we are now so in two
years it's where I got my most of my
subscribers but I've had a passion for
creating content on YouTube for 10 years
and just don't give up guys because
anything is possible and now we move on
to the next chapter the next chapter the
next few years the next 10 years
whatever it is it's gonna change my life
is changing I recently proposed to my
girlfriend starting tomorrow it is the
first official party where my family
meets her family and I haven't told you
guys that but it has a name for it and
all that stuff but that's part of like
the culture that we're in I'm not gonna
go too deep into that but I'm definitely
gonna take you guys to the party this
journey is just now getting started and
I don't plan on stopping anytime soon so
if you are new to this channel please
subscribe
anyone at YouTube if you are watching
this I want to say thank you guys for
everything you've done even though I've
never had personal contact with anybody
over there thank you thank you guys
watching this because at the end of the
day I can create all the content in the
world but if I don't have someone
watching it and supporting it
I'm not gonna be here today I would not
be able to be uploading daily I would
not be able to make this my living so
thank you guys please give yourself a
pat on the back I wish I could come and
hug every single one of you guys I love
you guys
dream crew thank you guys for everything
also don't forget quick plug the dream
crew ten-year anniversary merch goes on
sale today at 6 p.m. which includes the
3 Apparel's and the silver dream crew
chains anyone who buys anything today or
tomorrow on the website gets
automatically entered into the easy
raffles not only you're gonna get your
merch but you get a chance to win free
easy so let's go ahead and get the day
started I honestly don't have anything
crazy planned for today I got to get
ready for tomorrow because it's such a
big day I need to go buy my tie I need
to go get some gifts and let's go
all right guys so what are we doing
today I'm gonna tell you the truth I
filmed the first half of this video like
at 12 o'clock p.m. and now I'm filming
the second half of this video which is
right now at 2:00 a.m. all day I was
thinking what can I do for this video I
spent most of the day getting ready for
tomorrow you see I went and bought my
shirt in my tie booking hotels for my
family who's gonna be here soon like
planning and doing all this organizing
and doing all that good stuff and now
it's time to continue the second half of
my apartment tour by taking you guys
into my bedroom now if you guys have
been watching the vlogs over the past
few months since I've been living here
I've never really shown you guys my room
my my bedroom because my bedroom is not
really what I wanted to put on camera I
feel like that's my personal area but I
still want to show it to you guys my
living room is as high beast as it can
get my bedroom is like the complete
opposite it's actually barely any high P
stuff I want it to be calm and relaxing
I don't want like camo print babe
jumping at my face and supreme money
guns flying across the room and stuff
like that so let's go ahead and go
inside and check it out all right so
first things first I want to show you
guys this half of the room because this
half is like I guess it's like my office
corner let's start with this stuff right
here okay so basically this was supposed
to be like my calendar the dry erase
calendar but unfortunately it kind of
got overtaken by a whole bunch of random
little things hanging here the main
thing you see right here is obviously
the Stan's socks this was the first
official sample that they sent me to
approve of the sock before they put it
into full production which is pretty
cool they sent me actually two pairs and
one of them I wore for the oops classic
and one of them is just sitting here
dead stock and I'll never wear these
yeah so that's their also the letter
that I got with it which says guys first
samples thank you for your continued
support there it is and then this is the
final version right here so I keep
another one that's dead stock still in
the original wrapping with their Dream
Cruise
rapping and yeah it's pretty cool maybe
one day when I have my house actually
and I have another build out with
everything hanging on it
I'll print out the first mock-up that I
made and sent to them of how I wanted
this song and I will hang that with this
just because to me this is this is very
important and it's very special to me so
I gotta put it on display so that every
morning when I wake up and I walk out of
this room I see this right here to
motivate me a few other things over your
keychain just because I'm a huge Drake
fan a few pictures of me and Mina here's
a one here's another one and then these
are two polaroid pictures that we took
of her when we were in Huntington Beach
and this is the one that we actually
used for the high beast miss high pees
t-shirt that one right there right here
I like to put my subscriber count just
so I know when it gets to a certain mark
and as you can see I haven't updated it
but it's supposed to be on it should be
at that and it should be hitting 50
really soon so 400 850 should be coming
soon over here which kind of cuts off I
have a college dropout flag which I got
from the Rose Bowl flea market over here
my first ever youtube check I've shown
you guys that before too I also got a
picture of me and my grandpa in his oh
look at his a jean Ikey suit right there
that's so sick if I ever designed for
Nike I'm gonna make sure that I retro
that jacket right there to honor my
grandpa because that's just so freaking
dope he did pass away a little over a
month ago and it really did suck but
having this picture I hear is always
gonna remind me about him and and keep
me motivated to keep pushing because
that's what he would want me to do so
yeah all right to the plaques I haven't
reached a million subscribers yet but
I've been lucky enough to hit 100,000
subscribers on all three of my youtube
channels I'm blessed to say that all
three of these channels have a total of
almost two million subscribers
subscribers total so even though I
haven't
a million subscribers on one channel
I've hit over 2 2 million subscribers on
all three channels so I'm pretty proud
about that now going to my desk is
nothing too special here this desk is
usually messy but I literally just
cleaned it so it looks better for the
video it's always good to and smart to
keep your receipts and I also put this
supreme ET sticker on here so I kind of
regret that because I wanted to put this
sticker somewhere else but I put this on
a long time ago this damn babe phone
case that I have never used I still have
it right here this is dead stock I was
supposed to give this away if we got a
certain amount of thumbs-up on a video
but we never got that amount of
thumbs-up so let's do it today if this
vlog gets I'll make it super easy for
you guys
20,000 thumbs up I think we could hit
20,000 thumbs up if this vlog gets
20,000 thumbs up I'll give away this
paper phone case for the iphone 7 plus
on my Instagram
oh no on my Twitter go to my Twitter and
my favorite thing in the entire world
because these things right here have
helped me come up I mean help help me
remember some crazy ideas I've had
post-it notes you can never have too
many post-it notes under my bed which
you guys probably can't see too well but
you see that little basket right there I
have two of those under here this is
where I keep a lot of my letters and
drawings that you guys give me for
instance here's the stack just from the
past three sneaker cons what I plan to
do is to take all of these and put them
into a couple books and have them just
sitting here so that I can have them on
display or put them on the counter and
people can look at when they come over
but you guys just make some dope stuff
for me I mean like drawings of sneakers
some of you guys are just super super
creative look at that one right there
some of you guys write me some letters
that like honestly get me super super
emotional just because you tell me about
some tough times and how watching my
videos helped you get through those
times which is it's so amazing and it
definitely motivates me to want to keep
creating so I appreciate you guys for
that look at this one
this one is so freaking dope probably
one of the best right there check that
out Oh what is this wow I just found a
parking ticket
pretend you guys never saw that nothing
really special to say about my bed
honestly it's from Ikea it's super super
comfortable I love it the only way I
could make it special is by putting a
ton of merch on here so as you guys can
see just different merch sitting on the
bed right here you know some camo
t-shirts some space GM hoodies this is
all just merch I've had just sitting
around the house because whenever people
come over I just ask them if they want
to take some merch with them to rep the
crew and sometimes they do sometimes
they don't but I always have it strapped
up so if you need it I got it but you
gotta come to my house and you got to be
one of my friends you feel me
now let's go to these backpacks over
here so I got two backpacks hanging
right here on the wall one of them is
the cat well I also got this off white
face mask I got this backpack right here
this is a st. Laurent camo backpack Nina
got me this last year for my birthday
and then this year for my birthday she
got me the Gucci backpack so both of
these backpacks were gifted to me by my
beautiful fiance Mina last year and this
year so it's kind of becoming a
tradition for her to give me a designer
backpack every year for my birthday so
now I got to figure out what she's gonna
give me next year cuz we got a year to
go let's move down now like this by my
bed I made myself a little table out of
shoeboxes the Space Jam box said that
Jordan Brand gave me the Safari pack
right here the air maxes and the Jordan
threes we've got the Kobe and Jordan box
right here and there's actually some
shoes still in here I believe the hyper
dunks that somebody gave me right here
still haven't wore these I got these in
London I was supposed to wear these for
the hoops classic but what I found out
is that Nike wasn't putting the same
technology and these shoes that they did
when they're hyper dunks first came out
so these would not be as comfortable as
they used to be so I decided not to play
in them Milo orange Yoshi and then right
here is a blue adidas box in this adidas
box is a sneaker that I I bought and I
was like y'all kind of want to just have
some fun with these so I decided to
start drawing on these and it's on a
pair of calabasas now if you follow me
on Instagram and snapchat you actually
saw me draw on these and you saw the
process of every day me adding more and
more stuff the color is kind of
on here and I don't know if I want to
wear these yet but I kinda just want to
keep them like this so on this side I
did a little bit of flames just cuz I
thought it looked cool a lot of the
designs are super super random just to
fill up space and then some of them do
have some meaning I really like the
diamond I did on this back area right
here you can see and then on this side I
just did the heartbeat just because I
wanted it to be super super plain right
here and then super super busy on the
inside of the shoe so and this one does
have a hidden message on it I don't know
if you can see it but it says somebody's
name right around this area this is the
other shoe and this one is a lot more
busier as you can see there's like a
couple hearts right here it says dream
right here got like a broken heart right
here just cuz that looks super super
dope on the back you've got the I right
there damn there's hella details on this
one I didn't realize how much I did I
loved the inside of this one I did just
some like stripes with like a heart kind
of like a cause heart over here got kind
of like a camel print got like a flower
with flames on it right there over here
I did a college dropout bare the leather
on here super super nice so it was easy
to draw on here it just came out super
Cimabue then I like them a lot man I'm
really happy with them and to me this is
like art this is a dope display piece I
don't know what do you guys think do you
guys think I should wear these I do you
guys think I should just keep these on
display my closets right here so we
might as well just go into my closet so
let's do that so with my closet I'm not
gonna show you guys everything in here
but I'm gonna show you guys some of the
stuff that's hanging on the walls here
because I do have art in here yeah I'm
gonna need to go first person now
because I can't fit this tripod in here
okay here we go this is my closet guys
over there I got all my vans I don't
keep my vans over there in the living
room I keep my vans over here a whole
bunch of shorts right here a whole bunch
of clothes right here a couple backpacks
my bait backpack my Jovan Chi backpack
my Gucci pouch my supreme pouch and
backpack and then that camo backpack I
forgot what brand that is but that one's
super super sick
my wrestling chairs from these wrestling
events I went to a couple of different
passes right here from different events
you know getting the media pass is
always a blessing a whole bunch of boxes
now I don't keep all my boxes but when I
do they're special boxes and I keep them
up here and there's a few over here and
then these right here are my autographed
Kobe's and the reason why I keep these
both here is just because this room
right here this closet is the coldest
room in the whole apartment so I want to
keep these in the coolest temperature so
that these do not start yellowing that's
why I keep them here it sound like I'm
trying to hide them or anything I just
want to keep them here so that the
signature on these does not fade away
your boy got too many clothes I tell you
that this is what makes this closet so
special is that anytime you guys make me
any art I was thinking like I wanted to
put them somewhere where they all can
look great together and it just it fits
the vibe and I fit I feel like it fits
the vibe here in the closet we'll start
right here we got the Air Jordan 1 this
is painted right here over here this is
a YouTube play button but we say crew
crew crew over here we got the dream
crew logo with the cherry 12 which is my
very first Jordan over here is another
sick piece is in my picture right here
and then it's got like the pablo vibe to
it and then this one right here is cool
too it's got like you beat us three
stripes
it says crew right here you can kind of
see cue with the line our e/w this one
is super sick I love the background it
looks like just crazy graffiti over here
this is like the ultimate hypebeast one
it just has everything hi beast on it
including myself right there with the
supreme money gun shout out to everybody
who's made me one of these shout out to
everybody who's ever written me any
letter or created any art for me I know
I know there's gonna be a lot more
because of this video now so please guys
I don't think I have room for like one
more right there one or two more but
after that I have no more room so wait
till I get a house or something because
your boy running out of room now let me
show you one more piece that someone
made me this has got to be one of the
sickest that someone's made me the Kanye
bear in like the heartbreak suit with
the heart on him the Allred backdrop
like this one is
super-dope my sneakers so starting at
the top I got the red Octobers going to
the black Easy's going to the white
Easy's and these three right here I keep
them on display because these three
Easy's right here I never thought I
would own them in my life if you haven't
seen the vlog where I met him I met him
again at Shoe palace go check it out
because Big Sean is one of my favorite
artists and I was lucky enough to get
him to sign these for me the Detroit
players the red Detroit players which
are super super rare I don't really want
to put the off-white Jordan once in this
display for now I'm keeping them in
there this is the Kobe Jordan 8 I got
offered to buy this from social
supremacy and I cannot say no over here
we got the legend of the summer Jordan
one I have yet to wear these but I will
very very soon stay tuned right here I
got the Jordan 13 Ray Allen's that I got
signed by him and Hong Kong Jordan for
cause and know nothing too crazy but
still a dope ass sneaker to me and over
here we have a Jordan 1200 but this is
the friends-and-family sample I haven't
really showed this one off too much I
wish I could tell you guys how I got
these or the back story behind these but
I was asked not to share that
information with anyone so maybe one day
though if this vlog gets a hundred
thousand thumbs up I'll tell you guys
where I got these from so it's kind of
empty right now because the camera
filming this usually goes right here but
I still have some of my old cameras
right here
my old ATD or is this the seventh yeah
my 7dd
this one's broken my ATD this one's
broken this is the one that I dropped on
my bike g7x right here for when I need
to go to like events and stuff like that
my drone and then just it's just a whole
bunch of other stuff all these three
shelves that just too much stuff I'm not
gonna show you guys too much in the
bathroom but you know I got this picture
I hear that the homie from Chicago made
for me down here okay somebody want to
clean their shoes while they're taking a
dump you know we got some crap wipes you
gotta stay fresh with the crap white I
also keep a few books in case you get
bored some of my favorite books all my
friends are dead a very good book if you
actually read it it's really really
funny Kim Kardashian - selfie book if
this is actually lit because this pairs
actually autographed from her that's a
legit autograph we got DJ Khaled's book
keys you know I'm saying we got this
book I got in London it's like a Kim
Kardashian like picture book I don't
know it's kind of weird but it's kind of
cool - it's just like random pictures of
Kim and Kanye like and some random dude
the amount of comments I'm gonna get for
all that right there alright guys so
that's pretty much my bedroom I hope you
guys liked it I honestly wasn't too
special like my living room is what you
know this is the main attraction like
come on like look at that basically I
want to wrap this video up and say again
thank you guys for the best ten years of
my life tomorrow is such a huge day for
me I'm getting kind of nervous as it
gets closer and closer
don't forget 6 p.m. today the dream crew
10-year anniversary dropped the silver
necklace necklaces there's only a
hundred of them everybody who order
something will automatically be entered
into a free easy giveaway and that is it
I love you guys thank you for watching
dream KU family hate that thumbs up I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another video
and I
I don't even know how you feel about me
I don't even know how I feel about you
I've enough - not for the past few weeks
I don't got a clue
