we just got to LA and you know here we
are saying here message to Harris mister
now are you gonna tell us yes and then
say no I just don't you should be used
to that with him though
but first stop come on now Roscoe's
chicken and waffles baby we had to do it
we need shower ready
straight off the highway just got our
food you got the waffle the chicken a
crazy combination of amazingness
if you come that way and you don't come
here you're tripping this is like heaven
right here
best chicken best sugar the headed words
to me I can't even speak
so we just cashed out on an invisible
bag we divide oh wow he said never leave
your shoes in the car this look great
we're disintegrated hairs disintegrated
his shoes don't leave your shoes in the
car that's your that's you how the
laughs authority my downside would get
away from my car bro probably a lot of
people are wondering why I'm visiting
here because I used to live here like a
month ago I moved away a month ago back
home to the bay so that's why I'm
visiting now again and yeah it's pretty
much it so we drove five hours to LA for
this footlocker that's opening how
salute cuz they're about to have health
stuff and we finally cashed out on some
ice shoes hopefully right we got there
the line had already formed there was
three people in front of us hello man
right now because these two ladies cut
us and they're scheming on how they're
gonna get their shoes they're right
there look at
rather like okay hold on I got my which
shoes are you trying to get swear all
right man we finally got our tickets
that guarantees us our spot in line at
5:00 a.m. I'm number seven I'm tired man
where's Yousefi dude I heard you and
boost YouTube not funk which so I got
Danny bro but he gotta say to him we see
you know I thought we were cool me can I
get kind of brother get a follow back
he did eat the empty but he couldn't
reply because he's gonna follow him like
EDM me and I couldn't reply back like
when is that Yusuf he's an Anaheim right
now or else we'd go to his house and do
big funk on sly I know where you live I
used to live with you let's go Eddie's
house third storey important a censored
face in the vlog
tired me out here you probably said
tired that you're tired like 50 times if
you were in my position you'd be tired -
guys guys got the kid couch violin
flipped like two hours ago honey
two hours it's for Thomas tonight it's
5:00 a.m. right now we outside of houses
waiting for open either at 6:00 or 7:00
we'll see it's 547 but we got like an
hour or like hour and I have to go I'm
half asleep I'm here with my homie right
now chillin I met I met him like over
this was a masterpiece masterpiece yeah
I met him for the Kovach masterpieces
yeah we got this consignment store on
Melrose called Melrose athletic supply
and also have a clothing store in
Burbank called Billy's la get my good
side cuz you know the sun's hitting my
face right now you're blocking the cell
burning like it's like and Antonio
Banderas hair
look at me bro don't talk to me alright
so we finally inside I'm getting what
the KB's to dislike that sofas thing
they got here right now they got a
feature inch bright how to take what the
KB's over them any day so here's what we
got what the Cadiz I was about to say Co
because my head just said what the
Kobe's they're not what the club is what
the KB's my head size 14 14 he's selling
those the Kevin Durant himself so you
know we finishing our morning off and we
about to go sleep we're finishing off
with some Panero I'm like that and I
noticed that you didn't system subscribe
and you didn't comment but that's none
of my business
know
