but you gotta say to all the people
talking crap on your Instagram but you
don't want your shoes no comment he
loves no comments we out here in a swag
house we just shot that sneaker video
children waiting for Harris to get off
work so we could go bowling and I could
whoop their asses right we doing a bit
what do you want a bit what do you want
to bet put some food on okay first meal
on the trip on the way to LA I'll pay
for it rhaskos okay God I'm not going
yeah you're missing out hello Jake Ryan
you heard Roscoe see drop it boy
all right that would be another vlog the
next vlog when we go to LA Britney me
swag and Dustin going can't wait man
again they ain't going everything going
anyway you know so I'm very sure you
wore this last week so I think some shot
that you don't get sneaker collection
but oh thanks for filling in
so we out here at Baskin Robbins I got
my Mandela and with my sprinkles I'll be
dipping it in spend a few hours
somewhere between you know
what do you think about them searches
does it bring back any bad memories gee
it was actually felt in so you bring me
all the way to my destiny make sure it's
melted
do it to be live so I get took us to
this one bowling alley
and it was posed so we came to Harris
bowling alley so all of a sudden he's a
New Jersey Nets fan that is brought in
to go to Mt
hey is that true he's really uh he opted
out hey hey I don't know hey Harris is
my brother he's a fucking LeBron Pan
buckle up on James all right team Kobe -
hey thanks Peck give me some free shoes
but hey now I got you bro I got you know
super hunger all right so we just chose
teams it's me Dustin and Chris versus
Harris Killa cam and raggedy just get it
like what you got to say before you go
we the best burning burning
all right well they already get they
already got home court advantage you
want even they already got home court
advantage man party see fit
we gotta start strong set the tone
all right
Harris insisted that I get one of his
strikes damn got five strikes in a row
how do you feel thank you thank you Oh
p5 you feel me now then now say Harris
Kotak is going to try to access ago here
we go the fact that he has a small cock
might be a factor
the curse of the world good evening
everyone this is your host Chris Kattan
next up we have mr. Chi soma as you can
see he is the defender of the gets going
it's going
Emily Germany's knock down seven pins so
team Modesto won the first game i beat
Harris which I'm really happy about cuz
always beats me and never be Harris
until today but swag murdered all of us
because I'm happy
whatup guys are the in and out in and
out
massage is going on happy ending not
involved here maybe
okay there's so much stuff I cannot put
in this vlog no camping since Cameron
walked into the bowling alley Rockets
got x-rated parental advisory anytime
you see cam on the screen do not let
your children watch you know everybody's
always tomahawk internet was so good I
honestly I think it's overrated but you
guys things
oh here's come through like three four
or five times of my day I was gonna be
nice to say a read you gotta keep to
keep this figure are you surges
