take a troponin it's like rolling you
try to get it all right there you go
they gonna be on YouTube now we're gonna
we're gonna blaze it up burning I need
something to my system my pizza sexy bus
to go in so we decided to come to Dave
and Busters and play some games cuz
hairs have never been here Oh
Oh
oh oh no they didn't count three of his
shot so he should be at 24 24 you heard
of your foot
game over bro game over bro who won you
got first hand how does it feel man you
lost yeah so you know I was walking in
and then the homies here they didn't
even invite me I just you know ran into
a disappointed everyone's name
and I think it bitches the video
for only 5 cents of it we've been
playing this game like 30 bit twerking
alright so we're getting our stuff I got
we got mm oh my shit follow John he took
Chad national again good chance or
ticket but this super memory right now
I'm challenging Harris to a game of pool
he made stripe so you stripe this is a
survival type of dude okay
swag around a thousand don't hit my
balls bro that's what she said you're
videotaping you getting this moment in
history right here Harris beat me in
golf and you guys remember the last vlog
you can check that out on my youtube
channel but I called it talking right
here
and at this moment uh let's see he's got
one more ball left
you haven't you have the will you have
the will the power
oh it's not game over yeah bro relax
damn one ball and then there was one
here's has a chance to win right here
dude call it yes
how's it feel to lose sore losers be
like this wasn't even felt 7 games in a
row not here but like my in general pool
table 7 in a row and if y'all want to
see me off you didn't wanna play me
wants to play me I went away here we go
here we go this is the one right here
this was the earlier today ooh that's
the one right there the eyes the
defender there's the cross we should sit
it does it go in it goes off the
crosswalk
corner pocket is cold
miss super-soft has called the corner
pocket this is to be me mr. pizer
defender he's gonna take the cross the
cross goes the ball is going mr. Oswald
was winning uh-huh it's titled
miss similar offer mr. what is it he's
called the corner pocket
the shot is up and it's off the more
advantage his seven game win streak has
come to an end as you can see the
frustration upon his eyes and you can
see the sweat on his bandana he's not
sure he doesn't know how he's going to
take this loss it's gonna be raining in
four years when we come back from Harlan
we will play our hearts out to win the
world cup of pool cabling you have just
changed the three different accents of
that one staggering sentence well you
know we go to this story
as you guys can see this is a little
more HD and a little wider than my usual
vlogs because I got a new vlog camera
finally I decided to upgrade and stop
using my iPhone for vlogging so shout
out to Yusef aka
y'all know him as fouseytube for
recommending this vlog camera I'm on the
way to this meeting right now can't tell
you guys what the meeting is about yet
and I'm driving behind this car with
people swimming on it I don't know if
you can see okay and yeah we're gonna
see how this goes shout out to the
Netherlands they won today and I don't
even know how to pause this fucking more
than half my mama probably hit enemy
mortified I got out the meeting it went
really good
I still can't call my Asus blastin right
now I still cannot tell you what the
meeting is about but just know that a
huge announcement is coming next month
that's all I can say it's a huge
announcement I'm trying to hype it up
more than I packed up anything in my
life before and I'm just useless
yeah I hope you guys are excited I know
my loyal QP dream KU family that's there
a lot of you fake people left and turn
your back on me but it's all good cuz
you gonna be back soon and I still got
room to hug y'all and appreciate y'all
so I'm about to go right now to my
cousin's graduation barbecue about to
play some ball ball hopefully and eat
some food that's why I come up and hang
on I'm not a gangster and a bad light
dad I don't
yeah and this is the part of the blog
where I pause and it goes to the next
scene hey mine didn't even crack though
I didn't lose I didn't lose how many
chances there one two
look how romantic he is having a great
time
so we beat these fools like three in a
row volleyballer was nothing y'all got
that look is our so you know if you want
to see us on the volleyball field or
whatever I'm a dog you there you got
what sorry sorry look at me okay
