oh hey we didn't see you there yeah you
know we were just playing NBA 2k14
speaking of 2k14 I think we have
something to show you guys regarding NBA
2k14
but before we get into that this is
monthly pick ups if you guys don't know
what that is it's where I show you guys
what I picked up for the month this
episode being for the month of May May
yeah the month of May cuz today yeah it
just hated it defended but we're
switching it up a little bit as you can
see I'm not alone usually I'm alone I'm
here with beautiful Harris I'm switching
up the format of the show from now on
I'm going to be doing two monthly pick
ups a month one of them is going to be a
parable which will be on the 15th of
each month and the second one will be on
the 30th or the 31st of each month
depending on what month it is you know
what I'm saying cuz there's different
days let's find it would be just
sneakers so you're going to get a peril
on the halfway point of the month and
then you'll get your sneaker episode on
the end of month so let's go ahead and
get into the first pick up that just
came in a few hours ago we were waiting
almost six seven months for this yeah I
think I bought these back in a like
November or December so pretty much the
way I got these shoes is I played the
video game NBA 2k14 for ps4 in my career
and I got to I pay like I play like 64
plus games and then finally I got
offered a Nike contract in the game and
once you get on offered the Nike
contract you get a code to purchase
these shoes and then we didn't know what
these shoes look like until like a month
ago yeah not even a month ago like
and there's only 2014 pairs of these
shoes and I was nice enough and I'm
giving it to the real a broadband area
so I actually as our kids pickups I
picked them up and I'm giving it to hit
was it assists yes so I'm gonna let you
go ahead and open them and take a look
at this everyone's receiving them today
we got them today we took some dope
pictures and there they are see right
here that's LeBron 2k14 there's a little
debate whether it's lion or tiger print
on the upper but it's a lot yeah the
Leafs lock is amazing comes with two
extra pairs of laces on there like you
were disappointed in the box you guys
gave us we were expecting a special
edition Fox we're expecting some we have
this with a signature or you know LeBron
like lick the bottom or someone we don't
know like I'll be nice I would have
liked it if it had the number on the
inside because there's only two thousand
four so if it would have had like number
one thousand something out of 2014 it
would have been weighed over but these
are dope overall we call these the
Trinidad James because they look like he
was sharing in that video thank you guys
so those are his pickups by pickups
assistant to Harris the very pipe and
anticipated LeBron 2k14 speaking of
LeBron just keep it in the bronze as you
can see I got a gumbo box I got this in
the Nike restock that happened not too
long ago I was driving when it happened
from LA to the Bay Area
and I got the text and I was just trying
to get whatever I could and finally I
got these because I needed them to
complete the gumbo collection so I got
the LeBron Gumbo's which you already
have this is only my second pair of
LeBrons of my collection I mean they're
whatever they're cool they grow whoa
like crazy um they grew on me once I saw
Harris got his because he got his the
rafter they came out I got him for
retail of 220 which I'm kind of pissed
about but whatever I needed done to
complete that collection yeah
pretty dope I'm not my favorite pickup
of the month but I needed it so whatever
I got these off of Nike comm I wanted to
break in ones but I got the France one
and effects what Pat material which I
really like these are super comfortable
way more comfortable than the regular
OSHA's and again people we wear our
sneakers somebody commented on the last
video and say nobody cares if you wear
your restaurant or your vans well I
don't give a damn about your hypebeast
sneakers or sneakers even if it's not a
limited shoe or not I'm say I wear my
sneakers
whereas I wear my sneakers where would
she lie
I think resale for this is like 170 or
something but I was lucky to get them
for Reese retail another brochure on
pick up that I like way more than those
ones
it's the NYC rush run again they got
that free bottom polka dots on the
tongue you got the NYC with the little
flags on the back I'm not really sure
what the hell these represent you know
mmm okay the best part
yeah the best part is that that swoosh
is actually stitched on
unlike most Rush runs and then the
inside has like a I want to say like a
suede is that's why I don't wear suede
new book so these are really dope I like
these I wore I'm a couple times because
again kind of came a better laces me to
be where me wear her sneakers which ones
you like more I like I personally like
the polka dot like those which one do
you guys I know you guys like polka dots
are you like the France
giant oh my people in France I love you
guys if anybody in France want you my
pal Harris come on movie clutches pickup
of the month was these Nike I don't even
know what they're called Nike ACG hair
cage guerrillas I don't know if they are
but it's a dope color I really like to
strap you kind of remind me of the easy
strap these are only 20 bucks
I don't need 20 bucks busy doing my
still owing hundred bucks for buying
these from me
super dope comfy I've been wearing them
a lot actually they're like my go-to
sneaker right now I picked up these fine
at racers from Nike SF they're super
light black and white I couldn't go
wrong got him for $90 before I go to my
last pick up with a month I had to
Concord lows I had two pairs I traded on
the boom-boom for these ones these are
the ones that here
let me fly off him the other ones I
decided to sell to somebody actually
last minute but I like these way better
than the Concord Lowe's the snakes green
green snake skins it's the first time oh
yeah that's you know Wow haven't seen it
all right yeah these are see I like them
because they're not like your original
og colorways it's more of a super summer
machine right here the green snakeskin
really pops I love the black upper and
clear bottoms like all eleven people I'm
impressed
yeah I do not expect the the texture on
the world where the pad another used to
be yeah here she's all about like the
quality I'm apologies I'm standing Zen
exactly by to choose IKEA I don't like
the quality man but yeah these are sick
I love them I wore Deewar on because I
get swag I'm across hello hey what's up
swag yeah what's up me swag never wore
my shoes I just want to call you and
tell you that we wear our sneakers oh
this is already supposed to do with your
shoes yes okay you just keep them on my
on my wall then boxes ready already
okay my last pickup is the first time I
bought this brand before
you can see has come to consult 3d type
zigzag box this is from the bad brand I
don't even know how to say leaning
leaning lean one learning litany Dwyane
Wade is why my favorite players but I
don't talk about him too much because
I'm not a Heat fan but I love Dwyane
Wade but I've always wanted his
signature shoes since you signed with
leaning leaning
Ling Ling yi
mainly um and this new colorway came out
a sign of super limited colorway I think
there's still some sizes available on
the way of weight website but they're
only 150 I got them when they first came
out they just came in and the box is
probably the most impressive part cuz
it's not just a regular box and then on
top of the box being dope it comes in
this super dope nice called any dust bag
with the way of weight logo on there it
also comes with one of these package
ones last time you see one of these
packets on a shoebox yeah the way of
weight warriors aka the cements they're
supposed to go after the jordan sub-3
cement colorway quality on these is
freaking crazy thick leather no creasing
I was gonna open them but they are a
little higher off the ground that I've
worked that I'm comfortable they're
higher off the ground then what I'm
comfortable with so I'm used to Kobe
eighths or any Kobe's that are a little
lower off the ground I might use them in
a little bit and break them in a little
and then open them but for now I'm just
rocking I warm today because again for
the hundredth time we wear our sneakers
so yes I have to be way to the leading I
hope you guys like my pickups for
sneakers for the month of May like I
said the peril part of monthly pickups
will be on the 15th of the month which
will be a moment this coming up June so
June 15th look out for the
you know monthly pick up so let me know
what you guys think all my pickups hold
those up let's see let's see which ones
what was your favorite pickup of mine
out of the whole month let us know how
you like the sneakers and the cap arrow
being separated into two episode and you
want to shout out your Instagram and
Twitter oh yeah it's your man Twitter
Harris k15 follow him and then if you
want to follow me it's at chi sao mar
make sure you guys subscribe but my
monthly pickups I'm gonna start doing
unboxings and my vlogs obviously I've
been doing those check out my main
channel if you want to check out my
skits and pranks oh yeah we got to watch
the heat game boy
let's go Pacers smooth away at the heat
y'all fellas do anyway
I love
