yo whatup about to go get here cuz cuz
where we going tonight Shawn
Dom found out the magician about to go
watch Big Sean tonight in concert so we
gotta go get some cuts and go into a
wedding tomorrow I'm not skinning a cut
for Big Sean yeah i'ma show him a
picture of Zayn Malik and I wanna we
wanna bleach our hair but we're not
gonna do it today but girls are saying
it's kind of weird but I think it looks
nice this looks sexy
yeah we'll see all right we just got
cuts got finished so we got ready we're
back in the car on the way to the big
shine concert it's like an hour away
from LA we're stuck in traffic horrible
look at a $75 shirt show the $75 shirt
if you ain't talking money I don't want
to talk show my red shoes
and they go for the weekend come back
two months later nothing with the same
time back in the Bay Area as you can see
I'm target I had to grab some deodorant
because I forgot it
I'm gonna throw this on right now boys
wedding Rome in so uh and like you know
I'm saying I need to put it on right now
all right
Romek Congrats it's official it's
official Roman
nets and Big Mike's oops its parties we
came to the bathroom to take some
selfies some people will be taking some
weird looking at their phone like this
when they be taking selfies like we're
down here right now
hey Kai so my productions comment like
rate subscribe I'm one of your life
motivating English alright
you remember what you said the last one
dance cooled my fish is you want to be
like me looking at
you want to look like me but you don't
feel like sexy sexy like me okay brings
you problems okay right now I'm going
through some bad so anyways I'm going
back to school I'm trying to focus on
life y'all need to focus on life but you
still between study sessions make time
comment like rate subscribe don't get
caught up I'm saying but like don't
chase it but like let it come to you but
like don't be disrespectful cheap it's
no homo I'm here with Adam Saleh from
true story and pretty much we but Jim
get the good sides
all right so it's like the end of the
night without a leave soon I'm about to
take a selfie with everybody that I can
that I know I hate this guy I love you
too shoutout to QoP school Marie was
just supposed to be a selfie buddy
talking too much that walked in the safe
way and I see a dream crew t-shirt and I
just got hella happy I saw that I saw
the number first I'm like hey that looks
like my shirt and then I looked at the
front of my a you and some your name
yeah she always treats me and I didn't
know it was her I saw the picture that
she tweeted me and I was like ah so good
to finally meet you
thank you for rapping GOP
