what up everybody welcome to another
monthly pic welcome to another monthly
pickup's it's your host mr. Q Oh
welcome to monthly pick ups I hope every
single one of you guys had a blessed
month I hope everybody went egg hunting
for Easter and all I mean all the people
that celebrated you don't know what this
is like I say every single month this is
monthly pick ups where I show you guys
what I picked up for the month let's go
ahead and get started so we're gonna
start off with some socks so I want to
show you guys two socks that I picked up
that I thought were really dope and
worth sharing with you guys
Nike football elite socks and they got
the floral print all over them if I am
correct this is from the NFL Pro Bowl
collection they had this out at the
champ sports in Santa Monica and then I
also got these socks from sneaker con in
San Francisco so you can see it's like
the Golden Gate Bridge
Rock'em apparel it was a dope event
I sold some shoes I didn't pick up
anything but it was a great vibe great
crowd that was there a lot of cool
people I met shout out to sneak on but
throwing a dope event okay moving into a
payroll for those of you who don't know
I'm a huge NBA fanatic I'm a fan of the
sport my teams are the Los Angeles
Lakers because I'm a huge Kobe fan and
the Golden State Warriors because I am
originally from the Bay Area so I went
to Game five in Staples Center which was
Warriors vs. Clippers and I was
supporting my warriors so I went and
bought this shirt number 11 klay
Thompson I'm gonna go too much into it
cuz it's just a regular adidas shirt it
was like 30 bucks which is a little
overpriced but I needed it they're
eliminated now but they had a great
season and the LA floppers aka the LA
Clippers are going to lose to the OKC
and we all know Miami's gonna win the
whole thing okay there
nobody can stop them so shout out to
Miami even though I don't want them to
win they're gonna win i'ma show you guys
this hoodie next because this hoodie has
been like my go-to hoodie for the past
couple weeks this dope lion with the
plus over the face on the sleeve it's
called Nobles so the homie that started
this brand Nobles hit me up and he
wanted to give me a few sweaters and
shirts so I'd get a what rare I really
liked him a lot I've been rocking them
so he hooked it up like I said he gave
me this hoodie and then he also gave me
this shirt with the lion around very
close to the neck which I really like
and then you've got the pluses on the
sleeves they're not crosses their pluses
cuz a lot of people think that crosses
when I posted it on my Instagram but
it's not and then it's got Nobles on the
back which is pretty good because I
don't like just plain shirts that have
one side of things and I've been rocking
them and I have the same ones the same
shirt and black that's in my laundry it
doesn't have a website right now but I'm
gonna put his email in the bottom
description so if you want one of these
shirts or hoodies you can email him and
you guys could work something out check
it out info down below
shoutout to Nobles again I love it so
next to shirts are from October's very
own Drake the ovo owl on there and then
on the sleeve you got the ovo four one
six which I'm assuming is Toronto's area
code so this one was $30 I believe and I
got the long-sleeve ovo and this is dope
this has got the arabic writing and then
it says october is very own in arabic
and then the owl itself is a whole bunch
of arabic writing like it doesn't say
anything but it's all arabic writing in
there and it's just really good quality
merchandise from ovo so i really mess
with it you know I'm a big Drake fan so
next up I got some Nike Tech shirts
it's a Nike Tech shirt also
got it in this bright bright vault color
got this one for $5 and then I got this
one for $15 okay another pickup from the
nike clearance store is this Nike
baseball SB shirt and he was only 5
dollars so I could impact another Nike
clearance store pick up is this Kobe
shirt that I really wanted and it says
rings with five X's because you got five
rings and again
Nike clearance prices $5 you can't beat
it baby you cannot beat it all right so
a shout out to King nor LA I took part
in a couple of my crew members we took a
part in their fashion show so after the
fashion show they all gave us they gave
us each a t-shirt so this is the King
nor t-shirt from their line you can
check them out in the description down
below it's all about like Afghanistan
and all that so you got that against
then inside the butterfly it's just made
with Afghanistan in mind thank you for
the shirt guys I love you guys thank you
last piece of apparel is my own apparel
because you know I bought so I spent so
much money on clothes I started making
my own I'm saying I'm just kidding so I
had an event in April and I decided to
make QP dream crew shirts this one right
here it says really crew and in the back
it says oh seven which is the year QP
started and then it says failure crossed
out because we need when you want to
dream cute when you want to dream true
failure is not
you know what I'm saying literally they
only have like 12 left that I'm gonna
sell online soon and I don't have the
website ready yet but when it is ready
to launch I'm gonna have a cute dream
crew apparel as well of as well as
sneakers on there and just different
things because I don't want to be like
those youtubers that just sell a shirt
that has a logo on it just so you they
can make some money I want to make stuff
that happened that represents GOP that
represents Dooku represents myself and
represents all the people that watch my
things but then I want people that don't
even know what QoP is are no other dream
crew is to like my merchandise just
because it's a dull piece of apparel so
it's gonna be more than shirts it's
gonna be I don't want to talk too much
about what I have in mind cuz I don't
want to give my ideas out but the
website will be launching soon now it's
time to get into my sneakers we're gonna
start off with something some shoes that
I really like these shoes right here are
converse and I only got these for $20 I
got these from the outlet store I wore
these for like more than like four or
five hours and my back started hurting
because I have like back problems so not
a shoe that I would wear for long days
maybe just for a couple hours or
whatever but super dope as you can see
got that camel the brown camo print all
over so shout out the converse next up I
got these from the outlet in Las Vegas
and other pair of fly nuts this is my
fifth pair of lunar fly Nets after wear
these all day multiple days in a row
these are the freaking shoes right here
these ones cost 50 bucks
yeah I've been wearing these as you can
see to black on the bottom who do wear
our sneakers swagger Diddy we got this
from the night do clearance store in San
Leandro for only 50 bucks as well
blinded are these trainers flying it
trainers multicolored you can see all
the colors on there looking like a
fruity pebble really good shoe it's a
size smaller than what I would prefer
but they still fit super comfortable
they're not as comfortable as the lunar
fly nets because these are the trainer
blindness $50 can't go wrong oh we got a
black box black box black box two
monthly pickups ago I told you guys I
had another Kobe 8id coming and it
finally came last month and let's open
the box
Kobe a move The Box out of there Kobe
ate gumbo Nike ID with that ss5 the SS
body stands for shedded skin the bottom
is red / orange and it goes in the dark
the theme that I was going for with this
colorway is red bottom because as you
guys know
Christian Louboutins are aka red bottoms
and I wanted to do it
themed after that because you know a lot
of those speakers
I have spikes on them so I thought it
would be cool to do like a Kobe themed
red bottom with the spikes on them and I
really like them so shout out to my boy
Harris who makes fun of me because he
says that they're orange bottoms but I
like the way that they're red in the
nature and orange so screw you Harris
and I already wore them because again
swag daddy we wear our sneakers ah now
it's time for the last pickup of the
month one that I'm most excited about
Kobe box
Kobe five preludes baby these amazing I
love the color the bottom green glows in
the dark inside it says Finals MVP
because he did win a championship in
these I want to know what your guys's
opinion is before I go which one which
Kobe do you guys like better you guys
like the kopi prelude fives are you guys
like the Kobe ID gumballs let me know
down below and that is it for monthly
pickups everyone I hope you guys enjoyed
another month of stuff that I wasted my
money on and make sure you guys
subscribe to this channel if you like
these mostly pickups and if you guys
like my vlogs that I've been uploading
and I love you guys thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys next month
where I'll be also launching my dream
crew website
and that's it
damn I need to like figure out a way to
close out these monthly pickups because
I suck at those write in the comments
down below what I should say or how I
should and each monthly pickups because
I suck at that alright guys take it easy
