so we just got to Afghan New Year now
rose festival I'm setting up my booth
right now as you can see I got my dream
crew shirts on display extra small small
medium large extra large double XL
limited to 100 shirts just waiting on
swaggin harris to get here and I got a
little meeting before I start off
thinking all that crap and before the
show gets on the road this is where we
left off the dream cruise ya already
know it I can't even look at the camera
right now yeah I need no freaking Harris
so the event is just now starting
there's nobody gave me yet but this
place is gonna be like a little loud
type bio shirt young playing and you
turn it up so we just sold our first
shirt to
and she's a big fan right you walked all
the videos I'm happy you happy we're
ready for it's hot is we're ready for a
great day so yeah this booth next to us
has a beautiful model look at that
shout out to King more and shout out to
my head right here he's ready for that
program we've got swag Hey oh yeah I
seen you before
oh thank you hey you guys gonna be in
the vlog
we don't put them to view like he's
coming oh my god busy right now this is
like hey who are you
second most second most important person
in this vessel here we go we just had
like a mini meet-and-greet I'm here with
the horny guys yes here's SF check them
out
all these kids what's up she's vlogging
herself King more it's crazy right now
it's super PAC he's my security my low
budget security so my dad said hi we
made it this is my attorney right here
I don't know what I'll move back to you
have the right to remain silent I got
you happy I don't know I thought you had
my back but attorney if you cannot
afford one one will be appointed for you
do you understand these rights as they I
read to you mr. Lamar yes I understand
out here in the booth it's crazy
everyone's here right now Sophie's in
the background oh my head oh if you love
$20 discount was the same that's
freaking crazy look people just like
we're like Marvin was trying to hold my
hand washing
we're backstage right now we took over
backstage we got a new guest in the
building backstage with and Ron and Ron
is a big man so I took a picture with
them and I put them into love which you
gotta say thank you
I just saw award you you had the
greatest Instagram video when they went
on the warrior screen you threw up the
night that was crazy brother did you see
me on the wall pages turn up it's
cracking it's crazy we got hair is K in
the house you got your butt did you see
what I mean when I made me sound Brian
New York I got an amazing doesn't mean
Jumbotron King right here okay listen
need some more size smalls and mediums
in the shirt I got you need a lot more
of these okay swagger did you took them
on when you need it a small beginning
guys bring it in come in come on all
right we got a good performance coming
up let's go we'll do good and thanks for
the kiss let's go to two on three one
two three
