so I've been in Vegas for the spring
break since yesterday I haven't been
walking because you know what happens in
Vegas stays in Vegas
get some bombs now on the strip and I
don't know if you know this lady next to
me her name is Queen Latifah sitting at
the table next to me come on I'm gonna
try to film where without getting caught
up
what's going on right now
I don't know
why
you want to count we have with everybody
to say happy birthday to Christian one
two three
I said this is his 16th birthday right
this is my little ears right we're on
this ship back I want to feel like the
whole motherfucking building is
motherfucker
so we are I hop right now and I'm with
we're gonna be vlogging all day it's
gonna be a long day
Harrison's got an intense game tonight
are you going we have two more right now
I'm with this bad girl right now what
you in why you always playing so about
to go to H&M right now they got some
cool stuff on display yeah let's go see
what they have right now the man of many
scarves I don't always wear scarves but
when I do it's at hmm would you buy so I
got this little doll so I can sleep with
r2d2 without you oh man crush Monday man
crush Monday and Wednesday Star Wars and
they told me to come back on May 4th
because they're gonna have a bunch stuff
cuz may the 4th be with you and in
Disneyland oh yeah we try to go to
Disneyland for his birthday on May 22nd
right it's my second so we'll see
hopefully if you'll be there and we can
vlog there I was gonna be your vlog is
gonna be my vlog was he a boy why am i
deserve his blog I guess so fine now on
my birthday
yeah likes the tea there's a
in the dream crude wrap QoP selects Yaga
we outside right now taking some sneaker
pictures cuz I got my gumbo Nike IDs on
75 cents no shots might connect Pakistan
I'll be up duel my hip he's gonna try to
make it into that mailbox here we go
attempt number two and fail number two
how does it feel to suck you know every
day like it's a battle I bet you I could
get it never played sports it is like
who are you talking to G yeah we know
who you're talking to
oh man I get it I get it so we're out
here at Harris and Yama's basketball
game so I Dustin just farted so we're
keeping our distance Harris is doing
some quality playing right now and I'm
gonna show you right oh yeah oh yeah you
know Harris you need water
no he's new he's good he's good he
doesn't need water did you play a full
20 minutes but your camera wasn't
working give us another one okay
oh and the denied Harris lost his game
we're back home hey pick ups man this
good month we're gonna be Vontae by
blumpkins calm shoutout to DJ ones and
twos junior high DS get in free
