what up y'all your boy out here is
downtown LA today I'm never really here
but today I'm here because we are about
to do a photo shoot I'm gonna start to
blog off by telling you silver dream
crew chains go on sale this Friday dream
crew calm tomorrow for you guys because
this is going up Thursday so tomorrow
for you guys these go on sale oh wow I
was super zoomed in as well as the
10-year anniversary correct collection
those will both be available on Treecko
calm because tomorrow is my 10 year
anniversary on YouTube so we gotta we
gotta end it with a bang you know what
I'm saying
look one with what's up bro what's going
on guys how are we doing chillin are you
speaking for them well I'm speaking to
you people right I'm speaking I'm
speaking for them I'm speaking for them
so yeah we're about to do some photo
shoots real quick oh yeah yesterday
Bryan stopped by and he dropped off a
new piece from my wall so let's
flashback to that because I haven't
shown you guys that yet so yeah
flashback to that that wasn't working
the whole sound the Michael's been off
damn it the mic was off the whole time
all right
retake good morning guys it's 2 p.m.
your boy just woke up redoing this
because the sound was just off he's here
because we're gonna replace the Kim
Kardashian poster off that wall we're
gonna she's done she's gonna move right
here yeah we're meant to be at like
11:00 and cause be sleeping all the work
is pointing to these videos you tubers
don't sleep we don't sleep so like 4 or
5 o'clock in the morning pretty much
every morning anything these videos and
the daily uploads you see these of a
basic YouTube is the Cantonese tele of
birds kinda broke the con with a grind
prob yeah alright guys so we finally got
the piece over here check that out the
colors are different but it's like
bright so it's gonna look sick when I'm
doing my unboxings and stuff like that
so this is the easy ice cream cone the
easy ice cream boost cone to the bottom
of the EZ see the boost right there and
then we got there the red stripe the
zebra is the white stripe and then the
belugas at the top it's gonna look sick
I'll link the website down below if you
guys want to get any of the artwork they
got some dope pieces on there I'm sure
I'll get some more around the apartment
soon but this is the first of many so
yeah it looks though man
thank you
Nutella Nutella bro no news on dude felt
okay
you go back to your country
are we done bro we done you kill that
mother points hold on let me show on the
pants Oh we'll talk more about where I
got these pants from later but we got to
go
Bryan needs to rush out of here he's got
a flight to catch later he's going to
the team ten alcohol of a sudden he's a
Jake caller I'm gonna catch up with you
guys actually this is what we're gonna
do cuz I don't know what I'm gonna do
for the rest of the day oh I'm gonna
drive yeah no no it's okay you're gonna
kill us I'm gonna cut to my apartment
and I'm gonna get you oh I'm gonna give
you guys an updated supreme collection
video because I've been meaning to do
that for a while now because I feel like
my collection got crazier since the last
one I did so let's cut to that any last
words
and that's why subscribe to my channel
gang in the description below yeah cool
what's good crew family welcome to
another segment of me doing height beef
things in my high beast apartment now
today I'm gonna be showing you guys my
entire supreme collection which I did
recently but ever since then it's been
like almost a month or two and my
collection has like tripled since then
yes I am new to collecting supreme it is
something that I just kind of got into
over the last few months and it's not
just because it's super popular it's
just because I'm kind of around it a lot
here in LA and I've always known about
it and I've had a few items from the
coast from supreme but recently it's
just been like a new hobby for me is
collecting supreme like I love
collecting sneakers and now I'm just
like super interested in supreme so I
don't know how long this face is gonna
last for me but I I think supreme makes
dope apparel they make dope accessories
they do dope collaborations like this
right here and I want to show you guys
my collection not from like a look what
I got point of view but from a if you're
watching this you obviously have some
interest in supreme you are a fan of
supreme and you would like to see what
other collectors have so as one fan to
another fan I want to show you guys my
collection and show you guys some of the
stuff that I was able to collect and
kind of tell you guys why I like it and
why I bought it so here we go
first things first turn off my damn
phone supreme blimp is right there I'm
not gonna bring that down but it's right
there shout out to my beautiful fiance
for getting me that also I'm not gonna
be showing you guys my box well I guess
I paid my tighty-whities supreme
volleyball my Jersey that I'm wearing
right now this is from one of the recent
drops this is a supreme hockey hooded
Jersey I'm actually gonna get this in
one more color just because I like it so
much and I got this one this past
weekend in Atlanta from premium kicks
sure shout out the premium kicks they
actually had a really great supreme
collection available and then let's
actually start over here cuz I got two
bags first one is a bum bag or a side
satchel whatever you call it supreme pad
right there and then supreme across the
top I don't use this one as much as I
want to use it this one might actually
leave my collection very soon I might
have to take this and put it on
consignment at Mack Park I originally
cop this one from round 2 and I think I
paid like 120 bucks or something but
yeah next up is a backpack and this one
is a very thin backpack North Face
backpack
I feel like this Moors like activities
rather than like a casual backpack
obviously what drew me to this one was
it being camo the mesh pouch right here
on the outside which you know if you
throw something in here it's gonna be
super visible I don't have another
backpack that's like this one but this
one is weird cause it like folds open
and then there's no compartments it's
just one huge bag nothing can get inside
of that which makes this bag 100%
waterproof obviously the original box
logo sticker if you watched my supreme
store hundred dollar challenge this is
one of the items I got which was I was
really surprised that they still had
this sitting over there this is the
supreme champion it's a very thin white
corduroy snapback I know you can't
really see the material and I got it for
retail which was pretty cool
supreme Super Bowl I got this one from
round 2 the gallery with the spoon right
here shout-out to my beautiful fiance
Mina for getting me this for my birthday
the supreme chopsticks supreme
chopsticks as you can see it's a supreme
right there on the tip I dunno how to
use I dunno how to use chopsticks so you
know say supreme toothbrush this was a
free item from I think the first drop of
this season and I bought this off of a
kid at Chipotle for 15 bucks in New York
City so shout out to him for the
toothbrush speaking of New York City
supreme MetroCard
I don't think I'll ever use them but
it's cool to just have of course supreme
cash canon picking up the money is the
best and funnest thing that anyone can
ever do so yeah I don't recommend it
supreme Morphy charger case this is
probably the most used item out of
everything that i have supreme it is
super clutch this has saved me so many
times when my phone was about to die you
don't have to have extra wire the wire
is built-in you literally just tag it
onto your phone shoutout to Mickey and
park for this one because I got this
right before I left I think it was the
tour my second most-used supreme item is
the LV supreme wallet this one is the
thinner one it doesn't hold too much as
you guys can see I'm really used to just
having card holders as a wallet but I
thought I'd switch it up because I had
the opportunity to buy this one right
here and I bought this one for about
eight nine hundred dollars I think if
you actually look at it in person you
can see that the letters are starting to
kind of get blue from my jeans which
kind of sucks but it's the looks though
so I have to pay resale on that one but
for this one I paid retail this is the
supreme phone case for the iphone 7 plus
I don't know how much longer I can use
this because I do plan to get to 10 or
the X whatever it's called iPhone 10x so
that one's different because the I the
camera lens goes down they did that on
purpose so that we have to buy new cases
I'm assuming but it also has a little
area for you for your cards too so
whenever I only use this one when I'm
like when I'm jet when I dress super
fancy or something like that I want to
pull out the supreme case but it looks
kind of weird when you use your phone
because it's like yo what about were you
AB bruh yeah I can't see oh there you
are
so yeah we got this from the Houston
store LV store we got that for retail
and then I also got these for retail at
the Houston LV store and these are the
supreme LV glasses it says supreme on
the front of the glasses you can see it
there and then on this side it's got the
LV print right there
LV print on the side super clear all
around this is like another ignorant
like you won't wear this just regularly
you gotta wear this when you're either
like filming a funny skit or you just
want to like pull up and be like yo I'm
stuck in today another pick up right
here I got this from the homie Samir
actually hooked me up with this one I
had to pay a little over resale but I've
been using this a lot I played
basketball in this for the hoops classic
this is the LV supreme bandana the last
supreme LV item I have is the belt right
here the brown monogram belt as you can
see I picked this one from sneaker con
la the leather is not the same or it's
not as good as usual LV belt quality but
I mean it's still gonna sell out
regardless because why it has
on it right there this sup use your
products it's just like wearing your
sneaker use your products
wear your supreme BAM supreme Jordan
fives right here these are super super
clean this is my favorite color way from
the three that came out I know people
are gonna say that this is the best one
from the three but I'm honestly gonna
say that the white pair is better and
that's coming from someone who loves
camo this one right here is a desert
camo so it's it's still cool but it's
it's not my favorite from the - I don't
have the black pair I don't plan on
getting the back black pair that's one
of those shoes words it's like I don't
really like it so I'm not gonna buy it
just to collect all three they killed it
with this collab up tempos or the sub
tempos as you guys are calling them
these are the Scottie Pippen's right
here as you can see they replace the
letters air with sup ream which is a
cool concept I really like this color
weight I play basketball in this
colorway for sneaker con Chicago I
played like half a quarter and then I
went and switched because these shoes
are super super bulky and I could not
play basketball in these I also have it
in the black colorway
right there I personally love this color
weight way more because it reminds me of
the og colorway which I had when I was a
kid but unfortunately this is a size 10
and a half and if it's way too big I
need a size 10 so I am looking to slice
swap these that's why they're sitting in
the box Nike and supreme do some really
dope stuff together this is probably not
the best collab they've done but I think
it's pretty dope just because I really
like the color and just because I
actually do like the sneaker so this is
the air force to the recently released
air force - it released in four
different colors I picked up the orange
colorway I got these for a hundred and
twenty bucks this past weekend at
sneaker Con Atlanta so shout out to the
homie who sold me these it comes with
this little supreme Nike SB tag the Air
Force two is obviously a basketball shoe
and I was kind of wondering why they
made an SB version of a basketball shoe
and then duh supreme is obviously a
skateboard brand originally I don't know
if you'd still consider it that but
people are probably
to me out if I say it's not so I'm not
gonna say anything but I actually used
to happen I actually used to have a pair
of Air Force 2s back in high school so
when I saw them release these I'm like
oh that's crazy that people are gonna
actually start wearing here for shoes
again but only the supreme versions
another one of their best collabs right
here is the supreme foamposite
collection this is the only thing I have
from the collection I still want the
Jersey and the shoes but so far I only
got the shorts in red and it's weird
because these are a size medium but they
fit me so the sizing is like super off
because you know damn well I ain't no
medium I got these ones from mag park so
shoutout to mag porkchop Mike at mag
park he's the supreme plug at mag park
so I didn't want to pay what I paid for
these but I've been looking for these
for a couple years now so when they had
him I was like yo size medium way too
expensive
I'll take him oh I forgot we do have one
more from the supreme l/v collection the
supreme LV box logo I literally just
washed this and I was so scared to wash
it because I did not want it to get
damaged
I did not machine dry it which is key to
not making your your clothing get messed
up you hang dry but somehow some way the
tag came undone in the wash so that kind
of sucks but it's whatever it's the
inside of this shirt the logo is still
beautiful and sexy let me focus on it
for you guys okay it's not focusing I
don't know maybe doesn't like you my
only box logo hoodie is the CDG hoodie
kamon de Grasse on so however you say it
como de Grasse on salad on a croissant
whatever you call it this is the supreme
CDG hoodie i got this one from seoul
steel so shout out to seoul steels for
hooking me up with this one on a great
price box logo people complained about
this collection saying that the box logo
was too big they were saying it looked
kind of weird but I mean I think it's
still very very plain but I still wanted
to show you guys that they have the
supreme Haynes t-shirts still in stock
at the supreme store in LA these ones
are like three shirts for like 40 bucks
or something like that just plain white
Hanes tea I mean the only difference is
it's a supreme right there and it's a
supreme
on the lower corner in red another
pickup from Seoul Steel's was this Obama
windbreaker jacket but it's not really a
windbreaker because it's like just
caught in I like this one because it
people who don't even know supreme they
look at this and they're like yeah I
love that jacket just cuz it has Obama
on it like who doesn't miss Obama I wore
this to the NBA Finals when the Warriors
won and I was getting tons of
compliments because I was like one of
the only people in the whole arena who
is not wearing a Warriors jersey but I
just felt like I didn't need to wear a
Warriors jersey because I was home you
know I'm saying when I went to Cleveland
I have our Warriors Jersey on just
because I was in Cleveland's territory
but when I'm in my home territory I feel
like I could wear whatever I want cuz we
want big family you know I'm saying but
that's a different subject another Mac
Park purchased the Michael Jackson
t-shirt right here it would have been
cool if my MJ was wearing like something
supreme but just the fact that they have
an MJ portrait right here on the supreme
t-shirt is super super clean to me
another Mac Park purchase that's where I
get most of my supreme we got the green
jersey right here it's got like maroon
trim and then it's got like a snakeskin
which obviously isn't real snakeskin
print on the inside super super
interesting colorway another pick up
from Atlanta this is the DNA t-shirt if
you watch my Atlanta vlog akhmad
literally breaks down this t-shirt to
what everything means the last pick up I
got from Atlanta was the supreme
champion hoodie I got it in the green
and red colorway huge champion logo on
the front just a supreme embroidered on
the sleeve so this one this hoodie is
mainly all about champion but obviously
it's still collab this right here this
when I posted a picture wearing this one
people said that this was like the best
outfit I've ever worn and people always
tell me I can't dress yeah blah blah
blah people gave me a lot of compliments
when I wore this so this one is like one
of my favorite pieces and I'm probably
gonna wear this a lot during the winter
time I'm not sure the exact name but if
I were to guess it I would say it's the
patch video or something again got this
one from AG park another mag but I'm not
even gonna say Mac Park anymore because
that's the rest of these are all from
Mac Park pretty much another Michael
Jackson piece this is a short sleeve
button up MJ shirt and this is the same
MJ pork portrait but it's blasted bigger
and
in a red which this is like super
different to me like this is like people
can enjoy this if you're a supreme fan
and if you're just an MJ fan or you're
just a fan of music like this thing is
super dope we got a supreme windbreaker
right here this is like the orange
checkered print I guess you can say
checkered print windbreaker with the
green supreme lettering on one sleeve
nothing on the other sleeve and then the
white hood nothing too crazy about this
one
but yeah orange is my favorite color so
maybe I'll have to do this or is that
too much yeah I think that would be way
too much okay last but definitely not
least I forgot that I had another
supreme LV collection right here piece
collection piece this one is the supreme
LV denim jacket but this is not the blue
one this is the camel one and honestly
if you don't even know the collection
you probably wouldn't even think this is
LV or supreme but if you look super
super close you can see the LV print and
you can find supreme right in in the
jacket but it's like very very hard to
see there you can kind of see that you
can't even see it well you can see the
LV right there I do still want the blue
jacket from the collection but I'm a
huge fan of camel like you guys know so
I had to pick this one up just because
it was a great price it's super dope
it's denim jacket its camo denim which
I've never seen before that concludes my
supreme LV collection part 2 for now
back to you guys
insert your hate comment down below yeah
alright guys hope you enjoyed the
supreme collection video to things may
be more got a pair of shoes see my name
right there note a late happy birthday
present to you sir just wanted to send
you these as a personal thank you for
always being positive the amount of
negativity that comes with this space
you handle it very well and it shows
that you are in line with where you
should be people like me that are not
really meant for this type of exposure
can learn from you because of that also
you will get an opportunity to design a
sneaker soon enough if it isn't in the
works already only a matter of time be
well sir s thank you has thank you for
those kind
words I really appreciate it
unfortunately I do not have a sneaker in
the works right now but that's
definitely one of my dreams that I've
mentioned this is my second pair of
salty knees last week I showed you guys
the pair that Tony D gave me Hess is
someone where you know from the from the
jump when I came into this YouTube
sneaker world he was you know he wasn't
like oh who's this guy he was like yo
loved the content and he was just a
great guy when I went to Oregon both
times
showed mad love thank you yes I really
appreciate these and I'm very very
excited for these yeah he's got to have
the collective kick stickers in there
check it out
so Hess kicks I believe his first love
and passion besides sneakers is DJing so
that's what inspired his shoe right here
was I want to say a technic turntable I
could if I could be saying that
completely wrong I have no idea he
showed me the sample of this a year ago
when we were in Oregon so it's kind of
crazy to see the actual version and I'm
really happy to have one of the hundred
pairs materials on here are crazy very
very nice right there there's a lot of
other details in here I'm sure if you're
into DJing you actually can understand
what inspired some of this stuff but
overall this shoe is very very dope it's
very motivating to me to seize people I
know getting sneaker collabs because
that gives me a lot of hope so I
appreciate them you know opening up the
door and showing these brands that us
and influencers we can not only you know
promote other sneakers but we can create
sneakers so you have to Hess kicks for
these for the labor that they give yeah
I know I'm gonna put them pretty high up
here because all the room down here is
taken up but there's an empty spot right
there next to Tony's pair so there we go
okay and then another thing I need to
show you guys the reason why I'm showing
you guys these is I got to give a huge
shout out to my boy Tariq in Hong Kong
we were at his crib we showed his
sneaker collection he had a pair of
these and I was like yo you got to help
me find these so he found them somehow
out in Hong Kong yes there are a
thousand percent legit and
yeah they're freaking dope this is like
one of the most sought-after Gucci
pieces on the market right now I don't
even know if these released in America
but I'm very very happy to have the
shout out to talk again I really
appreciate it and yeah
Gucci Gucci Gucci go like my new
Instagram picture wearing these because
it's so fired
now all those easy boxes standing right
there they've been there to remind you
guys that every time or when we reach 1
million subscribers I'm gonna give away
10 pairs of Easy's but unfortunately we
it really hasn't helped I guess so I'm
gonna get rid of all those boxes cuz
they're literally empty and they're just
sitting there but that doesn't mean I'm
not doing the giveaway I am still going
to be doing the giveaway don't get that
twisted when I do reach a million
subscribers I'm gonna go buy 10 brand
new pairs of Yeezys and give them all
the way no they will not all be
Calabasas Easy's I'm not gonna do the
cheap route they will all be Easy's now
I think there's actually two pairs of
Yeezys in there that are dead stuff that
I was saving for the giveaway but
they're literally just sitting there
until we reach a million subscribers oh
wow
ten and a half that's actually my size
do I need a brand new pair I think this
is the second pair size seven these are
size seven okay so I can get rid of
those boxes but I want to do something
with those Easy's over there I just
don't want them to sit in my apartment
until we reach a million subscribers
because obviously that's not gonna
happen today are tomorrow I only keep my
boxes I throw my
you got a double check out there's
anything in there
okay so this is what I'm thinking to do
with those two extra Easy's this Friday
is my 10-year anniversary on YouTube and
over the course of the past 10 years
I've had some amazing followers some
amazing supporters and I'm always
thinking about how I can give back to
you guys even though it's overlooked and
people always focus on my negatives and
things like that I feel like I do always
try to give back to you guys and do
giveaways and things like that
and that's what I want to do this time
as well is I want to do two giveaways
this Friday I'm doing my online 10-year
anniversary drop which is going to
include the very much anticipated silver
dream crew chain as well as three
merchandise items which is going to be
I'll show it to you guys right here for
the first time one is the tie-dye
long-sleeve t-shirt this one as you can
see on the front it has the dream crew
design but it has an X right in the
middle kind of looks like a tour t-shirt
but instead of it having cities and
stuff like that I put different stats I
put all my youtube channels the dates
that they were created how many total
subscribers I have how many total views
I have how many total followers I have
and this this this design is basically
made for the people who really want to
represent the ten years on YouTube as a
whole crew together it's not just my
stats
it's your guys's stats too because my
followers it's all of our followers we
are one giant crew and that's what this
design represents it's also going to
come out in the red camo for the first
time ever we're not doing a green camo
we're gonna do a red camo and then it's
also gonna come in the vault hoodie now
I know this crazy vault color is kind of
out there all three of those items will
be for sale this Friday as well as the
silver chain now for the silver chain
there's only a hundred of these for the
three items of merchandise those ones
are going to be a pre-order for 48 hours
everyone who buys something
automatically gets entered to win one
of two Yeezys and we're gonna pick two
lucky winners to win these at random
this is how I'm gonna choose the winner
like once we start packing the orders
and shipping them out I'm gonna
personally put this ez randomly in a box
and we're just gonna ship it out to the
winner anyone who orders any merch this
weekend starting Friday at 6 p.m. for
the 10 year anniversary collection you
have a chance to not only get merch but
you have a chance to win a pair of easy
so hopefully now that's a good enough
giveaway to do for you guys I mean I
think it's a pretty dope giveaway
because it's just like what if you end
up ordering a t-shirt and then you open
up your package and you see this like
that would be crazy
alright guys so I'm pretty much gonna
end the vlog now because I still need to
film the actual supreme collection video
which goes in the middle of this video
and you guys already saw it but I'm
filming confusing myself again thank you
guys for watching another video if you
are new to this channel guys please
subscribe as I mentioned we are on the
road to 1 million subscribers that all
of a sudden tour stops in Sacramento
this Sunday so if you are in Sacramento
I better get a better see you guys there
we're also gonna be doing a crazy
giveaway this Sunday so I really really
suggest you pull up Sacramento addresses
on my Twitter and all that so Sacramento
I will see you guys this Sunday for the
first ever dream coupe pop up in
Sacramento if you miss it I'm gonna be
really mad at you guys I swear I'm would
be very very mad at you I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another video
