I can't gotta see myself turn the camera
around what up everybody how you guys
doing out there you're doing okay you
and you and the guy right there welcome
to another monthly pickups with your
favorite YouTube dude kite Omar you
don't know what this is it's my monthly
pick ups this episode is for the month
of February I pretty much just show you
guys what I bought during the month
because I'm addicted to shopping and I'm
addicted to sneakers it's really bad so
let's go ahead and get into it because
I'm all about less talking and more
action you know what I'm saying so first
off we're gonna start out with some head
gear
I got this come on got this from Chicago
it was only right that while I was in
Chicago I would get a Chicago Bulls head
cuz I don't have any the 1992 NBA Finals
it just doesn't have the Bulls logo on
here which is why I like it and I only
do step backs in case you didn't know I
just just fitted or so old this is my
favorite apparel pickup of the month I
got these shorts from top men right yeah
you got them roses at the bottom look at
that oh I notice I haven't really been
telling you guys the prices of stuff and
where you can get up like I said this is
from top men's this particular piece did
cost of pricey 50 bucks got some plain
raw denim from PacSun yeah I'm not about
those big name brand jeans like but I
don't know seven jeans are truly you're
not ready I like the ones that fit me
good because when a guy finds his pair
of jeans that fits
that's his pair of jeans like he's gonna
stick with that for years you know what
I'm saying their deal was like buy one
get one free or something and then the
ones I got for free it's like a weird
like aqua dark aqua greenish bluish I
haven't bought it yet
I'm still iffy about them that's why I
keep the receipt right here because I
might exchange this for a different
color another pair of bottoms I got
these Nike Tech pants as a gift Tech
pants are really comfortable best thing
about it is this super dope big zipper
here that has like three compartments
could definitely get this on Nikes
online store Nike store calm they're
like 80 bucks but like I said it was a
gift
me so that's it from my apparel every
year in February is the NBA all-star
game this year's all-star game took
place in New Orleans unfortunately which
is not somewhere I could be I was in
Chicago during all-star weekend nice he
always does different themes for each
all-star game when they released the
different models of shoes and they
released like clothing and like socks
and all that stuff and this year's theme
was obviously like New Orleans it was
called the gumbo which has some
irrelevant irrelevance to New Orleans or
something like that and I'm not trying
to get into that because I barely know
it about it myself I just know that they
made a dope collection this year go
ahead and get into a start off with the
Nike backpack I got this from Chicago
Nike town I love the side design to get
the little alligator little instrument
at the top get your little fridge in
here put your drinks and they're you
know I'm saying this is gonna be like my
go-to backpack when I travel and things
like that but let's open it up and see
what we have inside shall we oh would
you look at that these are the nike
elite socks that they made for the
all-star collection the dumbo says
limited edition on the back you can't
really see it but it says limited
edition one per customer one per
customer
Nike we've got gumbo socks all day now I
know what you're thinking like kites
you're a freakin high fees and they are
not all for me I'm only keeping two of
them one to where I want to hold on to
but this is for my boy swag ativy aka we
don't wear our sneakers this is from a
boy dust onion and this one is from my
boy Phil no I'm not giving it any of
these away sorry I love you guys but I'm
not giving any of these away
also the elite shorts because they go
with the shoes as well and I'm not gonna
wear all that one I'm just gonna wear
them like maybe the shoes with the
shorts or the socks with his shoes let's
go ahead and get to the all-star kicks
shall we
we'll start off with this box you can
see that they did a special box as well
the Kobe's I was unable to get myself
but thank God that I
a beautiful girlfriend who loves me and
who went and got these from me and I
love you so it comes with this card
which is also pretty cool which I really
appreciate you can see the Cobie card on
there these are the first pair of Cobie
knives to be presented on monthly
pickups but I promise you they will not
be the last
the 2014 Kobe Bryant all-star they also
have another name for them but now
you're probably saying wow those are
super high top and that's exactly how
the Kobe nine is there will be a lower
version of it but for now they only have
these ones the best part about the shoe
is the fly net body I'm not gonna hoop
in this model because I'm just gonna
rock these ones the bottom is that green
and the Green is actually
glow-in-the-dark and they smell so good
so I got the Kobe's I passed on the
LeBrons as much as I wanted them but I
got the KD and as you can see you've got
another New Orleans all-stars
Nike box and got this pair of myself
from finish line comm retail value is
150 again you got your gumbo card to be
super honest with you these are my
favorite pickups of the month
KD gumbo Allstars again the bottoms are
glow-in-the-dark the soosh is
glow-in-the-dark the inside
you got your it's just gumbo and it's
like shiny gumbo on the inside you can
see that it has like all these lines and
like it kind of looks like graffiti kind
of that's supposed to represent how like
Katy moves and how he moves on the court
which kind of makes sense
Rock them real soon cuz swagga we wear
our sneakers wait your shoes people I
want you guys to comment down below
which ones you like more you like the
Kobe 9 all-stars or you like 2k the six
all-stars you don't have the little
bronze but if you like the LeBron tell
me that you'd like to go Bronte if
anybody wants to buy me the LeBrons size
nine and a half I'll take up now let's
get into the other case that we have
this is my first pair of Jordans sixes
the infrared 23 super-bright when I saw
these in person for the first time my
eyes needed glasses because they were
just like whoa and you can't probably
just the video does not do justice of
how nice these are and how sexy they are
like honestly I've been cutting down on
Jordans I've been selling a lot of my
Jordans I'm really really limited to
what I buy in Jordans now when I saw him
in person I was like okay I'm gonna
copies because these are something that
I can keep in my collection for a long
time
got these from finish line paid retail
for them which was one seven believe ya
170 retail for these this is another
Kobe nine model this is the first Kobe
nine color to come out very hard to get
oh I was up for literally 24 hours
trying to get this online I went to Nike
vault in LA to try to win the raffle for
these couldn't win it I went to Nike
Santa Monica from 8 a.m. until 1:00 p.m.
and I finally got my pair holy 9
masterpiece kind of like the regular
Flyknit trainers that have the
multicolor on there but it's not so you
can see it kind of just like mostly
black on one side you go to the inside
and it's a lot more color and detail on
there the back has 9 stitches that
represents the 9th model as well as
Kobe's 9 stitches from his Achilles
injury is surgery they fit amazing I
love
I really want to open these and I'm iffy
because I don't know if I want to open
this this colorway or I want to get
another colorway black box I ordered
these on December 1st and they just came
last week my Kobe a Nike Ivy's with the
special shedded skin body these are my
third pair of Nike ID Kobe eight and I
have one more coming so I do have four
pairs but one of them still in the
making the inspiration for these was an
unreleased easy to Kobe inspired sample
that never came out it also kind of
looks like a Buzz Lightyear theme to
love Toy Story it was one of my favorite
movies as a kid and if you remember on
my old monthly pickups when I show you
my other Yeezy inspired ideas that the
letters on the inside fell off well
before I even wore these the freaking
letters fell off so that's another Nike
ID filled with custom making these shoes
we're paying you a lot more than you're
paying to make these shoes and the
letters are gonna fall off
I put dream on this shoe and I put crew
which is kind of like my thing I put
dream crew with the Q crew is still on
here but the freaking Dion dream fell
off so that it says Reem crew what the
hell is a Reem crew come on Nike if
you're watching this Nike I expect an
extra pair for that these came out last
weekend I'm like 50/50 on these right
now I don't know if I'm gonna keep them
or not you got the powder blue Air
Jordan tens dopest part about the Air
Jordan tents is that the bottom it has
all his achievements leading to the
tenth model of the shoe what do you guys
think comment down below if you guys
think I should keep these or not
so my last pickup of the month I was
able to get two pairs of the
masterpieces just so I can use the
second pair too as bait to get another
shoe if I wanted it hit up Craigslist to
see if there was anybody too willing to
do any trades for the masterpieces and
luckily I found the dude who was willing
to trade me for one of the prelude
Kobe's and if you guys know about the
prelude Kobe's I have two of them so far
I have the ones and the sixes so I got
it
trade for the prelude eight you could
just see how colorful they are can
honestly look at myself pull out my
phone take a selfie the tongue is like
that reflective mirror type thing can
see yourself in their fear soul bottom
but it still has color so it's got red
and it fades into purple ha yeah yeah I
got I got three pairs of the prison pack
yeah five more to go
so shout out to the dude who hooked me
up I can't remember his name off the top
of my head I gotta check his Instagram I
haven't instagrammed he's either so I
need to Instagram these soon so what do
you guys think you guys like my pickups
for the month of February I know I
really like that I know I was blessed
with some dope stuff thank you guys for
watching my monthly pickups and make
sure you guys subscribe help me out
check out my vlogs check out my main
channel my skits and stuff like that if
you don't know me get to know me by
watching my videos I appreciate every
single one of my subscribers and I thank
you guys for supporting me through these
monthly pickups and that's why I keep
doing them is cuz you guys are enjoying
them and tweeting me about them and I'm
out y'all
