oh my god so we all just got done
performing Youssef killed it was a great
now we bout to head up to this meeting
greed I see you're not the same nothing
either Snickers
so we doing the mandroid right now hey
great you guys were here you miss about
the Kilby Ben's not true that true there
she is just wrapped up the event got a
dope poster look in a phone case and it
snowed while we were inside right now is
not sewing anymore hey Chicago
what's he fault
do you wanna do you wanna build a
snowman
I mean come on successful show we're
back at the hotel keeping warm on game
highlights you sick can't get enough man
he's already retired over here baby the
big boy is so retired outside of the
school when a couple of guys they were
up to no good started making trouble in
my neighborhood I got one little fight
and my mom got stationed you moving to
Pakistan with a Lucifer cab and when it
came near the nice isn't that nice and a
man hi boy after the vows David Orr
gabi oh ho sorry later look at my
kingdom I was finally there and sit on
my throne as the Prince of bel-air we
are sorry for not knowing every word so
it's like what time is it
7:50 a.m. we woke up to watch Yusef on
TV he was literally here an hour ago now
he's about to be in a little box well
yes we're sleeping in the same bed don't
judge us don't judge us we're on
vacation okay
make a beam out of this this could be us
but you playing this could be us what
you play Ellen herb is look at it nice
to see you this morning good morning
how's it going
alderman take us to a place where you
know we wouldn't find in California or
you know and where we're from so we're
at Chili's right now and there's the
stuff on the ground you don't have it in
California I don't know what it is I
think it's salt salt
yes so why do people buy salt in the
stores yesterday we're gonna pop it I'm
not sure but the most dangerous man in
Chicago ooh
freestyle freestyle oh shut up title
nothing was the same we just got the
Nike town they got the history of flight
all the Jordans wine-red right
the hardest no we're here to all oh just
be trying to take photography up in Nike
town like baby sneakers and stuff okay
it was the same no you take the shoes
the shoes I want to know why hair is
this yeah you have two different peel
good stuff we multi logging out here to
bear lies multi vlogging bruh we change
law exception swag come on bro we wear
our sneakers tell them we love swagger
swagger taken otherwise known as Chaka I
saw one of my requests when I
to come here was to make sure I watch
the NBA all-star game and have a pizza
in front of me and who took a slice
nothing was the same okay hey kites has
been vlogging all day but I don't know
for what Chandler where it's going he
has no I mean no no Harris Harris he's
been walking all day but who's this
who's gonna watch yeah you know this is
gonna go off anywhere
I really go
you guys
all right okay okay oh my god
