are y'all so we are officially are in
Chicago he says turn it up you got the
snow and the first place we're coming is
the mall of course because you know we
got to get our fits together and we got
to look good
we're turning down she just no no the
new one okay
f it up bro what you gonna do no I ain't
gonna do f it up bro I'm gonna do it
every bro I'm gonna do it never ever
alright we need some we need to work on
that a little bit we waiting for Harris
so Harris missed his flight
this guy does not know how to wake up
from his damn sleep when he comes here
I'm gonna beat the crap out of him
there's a warning to Harris right when I
see him hey y'all just goes out to that
dude's Wagga Diddy yeah so I got the
best one I've seen you copy my beard in
his Lulu Oh around this town hood oh
look who's a man hate you I'm sorry
misses his flight flight man I just I
supposed to stay up I'm so tired
didn't get my shoes you got a gift from
a secret admirer in the fridge
it's food up we're happy
watch me Valentine's Day oh he's not
gonna do that light it says some freaky
stuff
finally after missing his flight
attendant a couple of minutes and we
just watch an all-star weekend and
chillin f it up bro hang on do it f it
up broke that ain't gon do it if in a
broke man go live it up bro hey go do it
in a row man go what ah you guys just
trended with to music what were you guys
doing hi so since you guys are trending
hit the hot tub do you like it out so
we're supposed to be like practicing our
rehearsal in erisa hello red because we
were in the swimming pool we're not on
drugs
ready oh oh I do what time is it right
now it's 2:00 2:15 a.m. Chicago time
they trying to cop some JS Hey
whoo oh my god you got it I got two of
my Kart 8 legged ones yeah why not yeah
Oh show my mommy somebody my shoes so
right now it's like 1:00 p.m. and we
just woke up we trying to eat something
what uh-huh no come on skits I'm good
good I'm not sure good actually
where do you guys want to eat hi how are
you thank you I don't get a high high
yeah give me him okay what everybody um
you're currently watching cars on Mars
blog right now and you still haven't
pressed a like button so you gotta press
that right now because you're loving
this blog and you're subscribed to TV
and Kai's Omar and yeah if they weren't
gonna like it before but now they are
have it up it's like I gonna rip it up
brother ain't go no bro sterling okay
sterling glasses
you always play it's not so that you
could get tickets at the door
I'm good stuff give me high five sister
I just ran out of charge this is going
on the fouseytube channel say what's up
hi say what's up to Gustav take a stop
Gustav number one rapper in Germany
Gustav Eisenhower I just want to know
like I've been to a thousand Walmart in
different cities in different countries
but I never seen a subway at a Walmart
you go to Walmart you gotta have
McDonald's right Weiser subway here
that's what I want to know what's good
okay now you don't want to be in the
video I'm just gonna vlog right now I
was trying to talk about a subway that's
the homie
haircuts be like about to get the job
done
Hebert you were
did you be like I'm retired hey hey free
cuts when they got new channel boots
coming soon tips I'm gonna do it
age the age end to the ABS on me it cuz
we're Highland if we Haram feed on life
must relax among get enough I'm shopping
with white friends is a thing isn't it
time that it drives me insane how I'm so
hungry I can eat the cow I like my bro
he's really high lad he's not hot around
like my other pro day don't stop my
jackets over oh he's still in
so we just got to the show right now or
backstage this is the biggest biggest
grabbing over there's like 700 people
girl how to make my mom yeah I feel like
they're not gonna laugh at all but what
about Chad and we you see the defense
the way it's set up here you won't see
the sharp relationship by Omega block
look from here mr. Fisher you have to
understand that so the object is that
these crab these people in the crowd are
gonna throw things at us so they're
going to be coming at all angles we've
got a Dodge um you know you're gonna set
me a speed right here staggered I'm
gonna come around this will turn I throw
something I need you to give me a Luger
so I can if you can dodge a wrench you
can dodge ball all right
he'll turn enough yeah we got our own
dressing room what's good Harris nice
all right about the future selfies be
like nothing was the same look at our
shoot game is shoot gamma gamma shoot
game taxi shoot game I might be this boy
you are in the bug look who's your busy
packing room so the show is going a
little quicker than Oh
photobomb so the show's going quicker
than expected they just told us we're
going to be on in like 20 minutes and I
said make it 30 minutes hair is taking
selfies or peptide okay
you got no reception there anyway I'm
trying to come up with the trivia
question to give up mean green tickets
and um your big yeah I'm ready
I'm not but whatever is anybody ever
ready you know what I'm saying like I'm
just in keeping like lesson right now
photo bomb for a bombs ready you ready
you ready oh my god oh yeah oh
the light back walls about the blog back
up we go ahead I'm not sure oh my god
alright guys what's up that was part one
of our Chicago trip but if you want to
see part two you got to get this video
to 2,000 likes or else I'm not going to
upload it and I'm telling you part two
is it crazy it's like you get to see the
event and it's crazy and you got
anything to say you should like this
video subscribe to Crewe TV subscribe to
customer productions and good night
