alright guys I know what you're thinking
this video is super late January and did
like ten days ago but better late than
never I'm so sorry guys I've been so
busy I want to start out by saying from
now on monthly pick ups will be released
on the first Friday of every month month
month ah why can't I say month month so
starting next month monthly so starting
next month monthly pick ups will be
released on the first Friday of every
month I'm gonna start off my January
pickups with something new
you guys always support me and I want to
give back to you for watching so let's
have a little contest before we get into
the contest I want to give a big shout
out to Palm Supply Company for hooking
me up with these dope songs that's what
I'm gonna be giving away to you guys I'm
gonna be giving away two socks to one
lucky winner I'm hoping this one for
y'all check that out palm trees and then
we also got this black and gold one it's
just one palm tree with two stripes on
it and this one is just the basic green
all-over print I really appreciate this
palm supply so thank you guys for
sending me this check them out and now
let's get into the contest I'm gonna be
giving away these two socks right here I
know it's not much but it is something
for people that do appreciate the little
things so I'm gonna be giving away these
two socks right here from Palm Supply Co
so this is how the contest is gonna go
so the contest is gonna be through
Instagram so you have to obviously make
sure you follow me which is acti so mark
what you want to do is post a picture of
your socks that's all you have to do
your songs your favorite socks your most
swag doubt socks your dopest songs
whatever you want to call it I want to
see your socks and for the caption of
your photo it has to say I want to win
the hash tag swag soft contest buy at
Kai so Mars so make sure you put a price
on more and make sure you spell my name
right or else you're not gonna be
winning and I'll be picking the lucky
winner next week and I'll announce it on
my Instagram as well and then I'll send
you these dope socks so make sure you
enter that con
and if you need to read the rules again
I'll write them down in the description
below
shot the pump supply Co again for the
dope socks I really appreciate it thank
you for blessing me with these hi guys
so now let's move into the apparel as
some of you guys know I was in New York
in January so I did crazy amount of
shopping I went to the New York Knicks
game and I wanted to fit in so I had to
hop on the Knicks bandwagon so I became
a Knicks fan and I bought this adidas
what is it called
adidas climb light basketball shirt I
got this from New York as well hoodie
from H&M this one was like 24 bucks the
reason why I like it is because it's got
like a leather little strap right here I
also got this from PacSun it's just like
a pullover
cutoff hoodie with no sleeves I got this
for super cheap I think it was like 10
bucks got this from New York - even
though it has nothing to do with New
York and I was looking for a Paul George
Jersey because Paul George is one of my
favorite players so I had to get the
Paul George shirt it's not the Jersey
they didn't have the jersey oh you know
it's not a monthly pickup without a
target pickup yeah I'm saying it is of
course from converse they have the best
stuff I'm telling you why don't y'all
believe me this was sent to me by years
SF shout out to my boy Abe and he's
starting his clothing line so check them
out description down below not all the
shirts are themed through Afghanistan or
anything like that but this is just an
Afghanistan long-sleeve tee check out
years that said thank you for blessing
me with this I'm a rocket soon this one
from H&M in San Francisco some
sweatpants they got zipper pockets on
one of the legs it's got two white
stripes that's what kind of separates it
from being a regular just gray
sweatpants is just that stripe right
there like some people could just have
regular gray sweatpants and you won't
even notice but when you see just two
stripes on this on the on the leg that
will be like damn those are dope you
know it's just little details that
people like new or peachy a fashion will
see I wish you guys can see this pile of
clothes I was just banging up there so
again one of the brands that always
takes care of me is out and fill the
sleepless dreams it's like a long T
kinda iffy about it I don't know if I
could pull it off I got it
try it on gotta take some pictures and
see how it looks on me you got their
little zippers on here but I don't know
what it says on the back don't hate on
me
yeah shout out to own filth for sending
me this I appreciate it thank you for
always busting me with shirts and
keeping me fresh so I appreciate you
guys thank you I'm stuttering all over
the place today like I need sleep and I
need food I got this from New York as
well surprisingly they had this even
though it was freaking freezing over
there it's a cut-off flannel shirt
pretty dope and simple the way I would
rock this is just a white tee under look
at this adidas floral hoodie oh I wish
you could see this in person like you
don't understand shout-out to adidas
this one cost $65 so not that expensive
I got this from flight club New York
City
pretty dope super simple long-sleeve tee
got the stars on both sleeves so as you
may know or may not know January is the
first month of the year and I wanted to
start out 2014 slow in the sneaker
community I didn't want to buy too many
shoes so let me show you guys what I
picked up in the month of January I got
some basic Tom's with the fur but swift
the fur
last month I talked about in my monthly
pickups I talked about how I wanted the
white in red cherry 12 so guess what I
did why in red Air Jordan 12 I honestly
don't know what to say but these are my
favorite Jordans of all time this is
where I fell in love this is how I fell
in love to it with sneakers it's because
of this shoe right here so thank you
soul supremacy for these shout out to
Harris my brother from another mother
who won the eBay auction for me black
box Nike I be so Nike idea is addicting
so I got these Nike Rush runs inspired
by the
mags the Marty McFly's from the movie
Back to the Future let me know what you
guys think in the comments section below
do you guys like these the rush run I
don't know what they're the nickname is
but I'm gonna call them two orange
leopards rosh ones are not expensive I
think these rooms were only 80 bucks I
want to say they're 80 bucks hello hello
who's calling
Nike yes I know you're ripping my
pockets I'm going broke because of you I
know thank you
Oh another pair of Roche runs a lot of
you guys have probably not even seen
these before
high-top Roche runs look at that they're
80 bucks but I got them for 50 because I
got that Nike plug yeah I'm saying I got
the kd6 Christmas's out of 10 I give
these shoes like a 6 they were
comfortable but it really hurt me around
the ankles like it was really like like
around this area super stiff obviously
I'm gonna have to break it in but I
don't want to do that so I'm gonna
return them and go get some Kobe's to
hoop in some people like them for
basketball for me it's not it's it's not
my cup of tea I tell you guys all the
time shoes have much more meaning to me
than just being shoes they're actually
special to me and every shoe is like a
story to me so I was in New York when
these came out and I entered a raffle at
the House of Hoops somehow someway while
I was on vacation I got the call that I
did win the raffle and I picked up the
shoes like five hours before I got on a
flight and left back home to Cali I
don't think you ready I don't think you
ready
Kobe six preludes baby
Kobe six preludes what what can I say
there's not much to be said but to just
show you these look at these look at
these I'm two for eight when it comes to
the Kobe prelude pack and I'm honestly
not disappointed because the sixes are
one of my favorite Kobe shoes you got
like what is that shark
you got like
octopus's you got a crab video does not
do justice pictures will not do justice
um I'm thinking the sneaker having ups
dick don't forget to follow me on
instagram follow me on Twitter if you
guys have any questions just tweet me
write me anything and I'll try to get
back to you alright y'all that's pretty
much it for this month I hope you guys
like my pickups as much as I did I want
you guys to write down below what was
your favorite pickup of mine and don't
forget to enter the contest and I love
you guys and I'll see you next month BAM
swag on a thousand a hundred thousand
