so we're waiting right now for Youssef
to come for his beach party and like
nobody's here it's like hella depressing
I don't know where all his fans all
right look for the guy Sharon Yousef is
getting ambushed anybody make noise but
it's finally happy they were mad he was
fashionably late and but he got swell
the party starts now the party is
starting now hey come on y'all y'all
gotta get into it
so you know I had to kill the sand floor
not the dance floor
everybody's embarrassed they can't touch
me right now look at that oh man
anybody want to be in the vlog come
through
oh my god I'm a huge fan oh yeah
thank you guys so much
ooh ooh whoo with the homies you know
say look at that smile show them that
smile in the vlog
wave shout out to QoP Lucy to that
random white bars and all easier all
right
so over there it's like everybody's
chilling and I found this secret society
over here and they have pizzas so I'm
gonna hang out with them and have some
pizza let's see oh sorry we just got
done with the the beach party we came to
BJ's to got some food you sip it's like
retweeting all the pictures from the
party and we just hanging out and uh
what'd you guys think what do you guys
think of the day the whole day taking
pictures shout out to everybody that
came it was dope and we appreciate you
guys thank you for the good day
