what's up everybody and I want to start
off before anything else I want to say
Happy New Year Happy Holidays happy 2014
I hope you guys had a great New Year's I
hope you guys had a great Christmas if
you celebrate Christmas and yeah that's
pretty much it guys know what this is
this is monthly pickups for the month of
December let's go ahead and get into it
cuz I got a lot to talk about first off
let me start out by showing you what I
got on got this paint splatter t-shirt
it looks like someone's just splattered
paint all over me
it's from the hundred it was gifted to
me and you can kind of see it on there
it's kind of blurry but this I think
that's something like denim on the pants
aren't new the pants are not new alright
now let's get into my pickups I had to
get this for a family party so I had
like a dress shirt under this and I just
threw on this cardigan and the cool
thing about cardigans you don't have to
dress them up you could just throw them
on top of like a t-shirt I also got this
beanie it was a gift to me
it's a d-does beanie it's pretty cool
and I've all the apparel I got a
December this t-shirt I'm about to show
you is my favorite pick up in a while
and I'm slowly bring it up for you you
see that it says Mickey this is not just
a Disney shirt if you know Neph it's a
streetwear brand so it's not just your
basic Disney shirt the thing I liked the
most was at the bottom it says too many
people grow up so I really love this
t-shirt I already wore it once I don't
care how old you are
Disney is for everyone believe it or not
there's that was it out of the apparel I
actually got this for free at the Lakers
game it's a Nike shirt that says
blackout show us again versus the
Phoenix Suns and they gave this away to
everybody in the audience because if it
was Kobe's first game back in LA and now
he's hurt again so get well soon Kobe I
love you bro as you can tell I'm kind of
sick too so please don't mind my raspy
voice I picked up my favorite hat of the
2013 Mighty Ducks snapback Mighty Ducks
was my favorite one of my favorite
movies growing up as a kid I frickin
watch that like every single day and I
loved it so much that I got it in the
original Mighty Ducks colorway as well
favorite hats of two
and thirteen and Iraqis so so many times
and it's been less than a month if you
are a sneakerhead you know that December
is the hottest month for sneakers
there's a few things that I wasn't able
to get my hands on that I'm really
disappointed that I didn't get my hands
on but I got everything that I wanted to
get my it's confusing
let's go ahead and get into it this is
my favorite Jordan pickup from the month
of December it's the gamma12
honestly I love him I love the Air
Jordan 12s the Air Jordan twelves were
the first Jordans that I ever had my dad
bought him for me when they originally
came out at the white and red ones and
ever since then the twelves have always
been my favorite Jordan of all time and
he colored the twelves I'm taking it I
love the red detailing on the tongue and
on the back it just makes the shoe pop
and I like these so much that I had to
come on come on now give me two pairs I
need two
honestly I'm probably only gonna keep
one I'm using these this pair right here
as bait to get another sneaker we're
gonna go with this box right here guns a
nice box with the cover and this year
they released the Air Jordan 11 gammas
so again going with the gamma theme the
baby blue gamma I wouldn't say it's one
of the best colorways but it's up there
can't even tell but I wore them already
we wear our sneakers I don't I don't
know what you guys are doing out there
right now I'm shouting out my boy
swagger swagger Diddy brought we wear
our sneakers come on bro you know this
you know that let me show you guys the
inserts so it's come with these dope
insert take care of your sneakers you
know I'm saying my shoes are the top
five most important things in my life so
I need to take care of I mean on the
site throw any color at us we're gonna
buy it you know what I'm saying shout
out to Jordan call me - I don't care I'm
a rock but I like that's Jordan pickup
up to Mont Air Jordan
12 taxi I could sit here into a
30-minute video on why I love these
sneakers but I'm just gonna sum it up
quick the Matt bold black white you
could wear with anything I've already
warned against swag we wear our sneakers
we wear our sneakers man shoutout to the
perfect pair man we wear our sneakers a
lot of people they they buy these shoes
like the gamma Levin's and the taxis and
they just hold on to them and they never
wear their sneakers but me I'm like why
wait I'm gonna bust them out now and
take pictures with them so later on in
life I could look at it maybe like y'all
those look at this picture I had my 12
like it's just like to me it has
sentimental value so when I see the suit
of 12s any colorway just reminds me over
first pair my dad bought me shoutout to
Jordan Brand thank you for bringing
these back out but bring the cherries
back out man I need them you see this
box right here I camped out six hours in
the rain for these and when I got my
pair it was the most satisfying feeling
in the world
Kobe one Prelude man this is just a
beautiful shoe this is Kobe Bryant's
first ever Nike model I was able to get
my hands on the Kobe ones I've been so
unlucky with the Kobe twos that threes
the force this is a special sneaker to
me I love the Kobe ones look at this
look at this ah and I got matching nike
elite socks for the shoes I got these
from the Nike vault at the Staples
Center so shout out the Nike vault and
you could wear them together laughs pick
up of the month you guys I was stressing
over this shoe cuz I didn't think I was
gonna be able to get it but thank the
law I won a raffle for these already
warm to man I already wore them I
couldn't wait because we wear our
sneakers swagger what the Kobe AIDS now
a lot of people be saying no caius why
you holding two different shoes and then
I look at them like
I wore these to a basketball tournament
everybody was asking me yo why you
wearing two shoes and I looked at them
and I said these are the same exact
shoes they're together everything on
this shoe is supposed to be different
that's why they called the what the
Kobe's they took all the Kobe eight
model colorways and they put them into
one Kobe a colorway man I'm just happy
man I don't appreciate this stuff enough
so I'm blessed right now with these and
I'm really happy to have these before I
end this I got a little bonus thing for
you guys since it's the end of the year
December's over the years over I was
with two of my best friends Harrison
swag and we're gonna tell you guys what
was our favorite sneakers of 2013 so
check it out alright guys so I got here
this and swagga D here you salute to
repeat this I got swag I'm taller than
Harrison swag here I start out with the
most important question what is your
favorite shoe release of 2013 I have to
go with gap my Elevens are hazelnut
Labonte's I'm gonna have to go with the
Kobe prelude ones favorite kicks on
court on the NBA I'm gonna start out and
I'm gonna go with Nate Robinson rock in
the air
easy tooth I'm gonna have to go with
LeBron James in game 6 or 7 wearing the
LeBron championship back I'm gonna have
to go with the swaggy P wearing the 11
Louis because you guys have the same
names like me are the Ray Allen Elevens
oh yeah yeah that was open
opening day and that is my monthly
pickups for the month of December thank
you guys for watching I really
appreciate you guys to support every
time I mention that I'm gonna post a
monthly pickup video you guys love it
and I'm gonna keep doing it because
obviously because you guys and yeah I'll
see you guys next month and
