what's up people that don't know me and
what's up people that do know me my name
is Kai Samar and today I'm doing
something I've never done before
a sneaker review lately I've been doing
my monthly pickups but I thought I'd do
something a little different and just
show you guys one sneaker that I picked
up I watched a few other YouTube sneaker
reviews and I just washed it in like so
I said you know what I'm gonna be the
first one to do it right so let's go
ahead and start it off today I'm gonna
be showing you guys the Kobe won from
the free move pad so as you can see you
got the basic Kobe eight box which I
kind of disappointed in I wish they had
a special box for each shoe but whatever
before I show you the shoes shout out to
Nike vault for the matching elite socks
we're gonna take these bad boys out so
for the Kobe ones um the reason why I
love them so much is obviously because
it was Kobe's first Nike signature and
also because it kind of has a little bit
of meaning to me first Kobe won colorway
that came out with the red black and
white colourway and it was on a school
day so I just asked my dad if he could
go get it for me and he's like no no no
no I'm not gonna take the time out of my
day to go buy you some sneakers that you
don't need you should be in school
focusing on that when I got up at school
that day they were surprisingly just
sitting there at home and I was so happy
it just shows that you loves me you know
what I'm saying but anyway this is the
in tribute to this 81-point game that's
what they were kind of going after with
this shoe let's start out with the
bottom you got the icy clear blue tint
insole just make this shoe so sexy and
then we move on up to the black upwards
like it's like a snakeskin type of
material really good detailing on the
shoe nitrogen or biessing a lot of their
shoes lately and just putting cheap
materials
kept it nice and simple man I love that
with this little artwork that's going on
in the back which is also illustrated on
the socks so it kind of goes well with
the socks when I wear it you're like
that on the inside you got the tribute
to the 81-point game the shoes just like
it's not one of those shoes that's gonna
catch your eyes from a mile away but
when you come close to it and you see it
on someone's feet you're gonna be like
those are dole as far as the rest of the
people attack I'm definitely gonna pass
on the second model I'm going to copy
threes the Kobe fourth the Kobe five the
Kobe sixes think I'm gonna pass on the
sevens and maybe the eights I might get
I have so many eight set I don't even
know if I'm gonna I didn't even mention
how I got these shoes so for these shoes
Nike Santa Monica they did first-come
first-serve surprisingly and I went I
couldn't get the shoes online so I went
and 5:50 a.m. I was thirty second in
line it was pouring rain cold nothing to
stand under because security was being a
you know what and when they finally
opened the store they gave us wristbands
Adrenaline's rushing your hearts beating
are they gonna have my side are they
gonna have my size usually if you're
thirty second you're not gonna get what
you want so that's a start getting
closer and closer and closer and closer
and closer finally I got the table my do
you have nine and a half or ten and he
pulls out both and I was like ah I was
just so happy that day man and
yeah that's pretty much it guys I hope
you guys enjoyed this let me know what
you guys thought of this review if you
guys want to see more reviews and make
sure you guys subscribe to this channel
for my monthly pick up sneaker reviews
of v-log and if you want to check out my
main channel where I do like comedy
skits go ahead and check that out thank
you guys for watching and Kobe Mama's
back baby yep
