can I butwhy bad once again it's time to
do my favorite thing of the month
monthly pickups first off I know I'm
late but I want to say Happy
Thanksgiving to everybody I hope you
guys had a great November if you guys
don't know what this is it's or I show
you guys what I picked up from the
previous month before we start to pick
up let me show you guys what I have on
first off is this long-sleeved t-shirt
as you can see it's a huge owl and this
says ovo so you know what it is it's a
Drake shirt ovo I was at his concert in
San Jose so I picked up this one the
back is my favorite part because it says
dream crew and in my pants are from H&M
they're like camo sweatpants it says x
wy p so what's your problem and then on
the back pocket you got the bars and
stripe type American and you know you
see my butt tour these are the Dewayne
Wade Stan socks and this is one pair
they go together even though they're
completely different
I already warm one so they're kind of
like weird because I wash them but
whatever they're dope so shout out to
Dewayne and Stan's you know it's not a
monthly pickup video and less you've got
the target pickup Congress all-star
simple but you know I've been wearing
this one on my body and I was wearing it
also around my waist just go like this
wrap it around like that like you're in
third grade and then usually you want to
put your shirt over because it is not
weird so just like that it looks fly
make sure when you do that it's
unbuttoned though because you don't want
it to be all proper you want to look
natural like you just took it off and
wrapped it around your waist
alright this shirt right here I wore
this to one of my events and I really
like it it's a bit kind of looks like
the one I'm wearing it's like
and then is that a walk it's a wolf but
you can't really see it but this
material on the front not the sleeves
but the material on the front is like a
jersey material it is from Topman right
this right here shoutout to
Siddiqui clothing for sending me this it
says just do i and it's got the Nike
sign but it's not a real Nike sign
see it all my Muslim people out there
understand this pretty really don't
because you guys know I got a 98 diction
so you could pretty much rock this with
any Nikes
so shout out to C be too close knit
clothing
I got a link to their website down below
and yeah they sent me two other shirts
but Harris and so I did that he stole
them from me so yeah another hashtag
Target pick up Massimo brand just the
black thermal yes it's called a thermal
I haven't worn yet I got this on Black
Friday Black Friday pick up 40% off the
thing goes like 10 bucks
Nike Cristiano Ronaldo kick Christiano
Ronaldo galaxy shirt I don't know if
it's more like a jurors like a practice
jersey but a galaxy print on the whole
chest come on
alright I got two more Target pickups
this maroon hoodie from all-star
converse again I've been working out
getting a lot of converse get a I'm
telling you brother apparel is tight and
it's from Target so it's a good price
and I like this so much that I bought
the maroon one and I bought the black
one because you can't go wrong with the
black
and I love these so much because in LA
it's like cold but it's not my freezing
cold so you could just throw this on
with some jeans I got these on Black
Friday - for 40% off so they came out to
like 17 bucks each which is like a steal
Diamond Supply the diamond Devils it's a
new shirt I like this little diamond
character so I got that pretty cool
simple gray once again shout out to the
homies at old and Phil for sending the
gear and keeping me fresh man check this
one out this is called the sleepless
dream tee I believe the bag sleepless
dreams and if you guys want to buy this
shirt or check out that the rest of the
ode and shelf gear I got the link to
their website down below it's really
good prices and adult gear like look at
these sleeves if you can see the quality
on them it's like a really nice material
let's go to the outerwear because I
bought a lot of outerwear for this month
is getting cold I got this from the
Drake concert too
and ovo hoodie it's not just like
printed on this is stitched pollen so
it's really good quality this is that
Ronaldo jacket you got the leather body
and then you got the sweat pant material
sleeves the thing about this jacket this
jacket never went on sale this is a
sample this the insight is all galaxies
like the t-shirt if it's not a flashy
jacket but then when people say like oh
that's a nice jacket they could pull it
open like way it gets better I got this
jacket for only 30 bucks let that sink
in we got this dope jacket from H&M the
reason why I like this so much it was
cuz this green you could wear with
anything but then that gold accent on it
is oh it just popped the reason I picked
this up is cuz I'm one in New York in
January and I need some jackets because
it's gonna be like snowing in crowd
super dope I got this for 70 bucks it
was originally a hundred bucks but then
like 30% off outerwear
so check out H&M if you need some dope
jacket last month I didn't buy any cakes
but this month I couldn't help it so I
had to pick up a few start off with the
Air Jordan vibe the Oreos I was iffy
about these because there's so many dope
shoes coming out in December like so
many dope shoes bring it closer for you
oh it's the bad thing the back view is
my favorite part I might even go he's on
with
that I got right now y'all should out
fill you need a model I'm here bro I'm
here y'all need a model I'm here black
box if your sneaker head you know what
that means man
Nike ID now I know a lot of people did
the Nike ID of these but I had to do it
too BAM
Kobe eight inspired by the Air Yeezy
twos oh god I can't tell you how much I
love this color
they don't go in the dark unfortunately
what if I get these signed by both Kobe
and Kanye that would be freaking amazing
but that will never happen since they're
dead stop I think I tried these on in
the store and now moving on to my last
pickup of the month
BAM another Kobe 8id
inspired by the air easy come on man the
best of both worlds Kobe and Kanye
together I had to do it call me a height
beast call me whatever you want but I
love these and I'm going I already
rocked them to my event and oh god I
just love them I love them let me show
you what I got on the inside of them it
says Ramo one of one which is Ramo is my
last name backwards and it's also my
parents initials
ra is my mom's initials and mo is my
dad's initials and it's pretty cool that
it's in my last name so yeah oh man the
one fell off of my ID come on Nike man
right in front of you guys decides like
you just popped my day out show you the
other shoe
this shoe says something different on
the inside yeah come on man Nike I
didn't even notice this why are my
letters falling off
come on Nike you guys know how much
money I give you you know how much money
of mine you take a year and you're gonna
send me a product with the letters
coming off well it did say Kobe's us
which is Kobe and Jesus together and now
it says obese obese
it says they'll be so my shoe thanks
thank you thanks 99 come on we're paying
$200 each for these shoes what you could
do is give us the best quality that you
can I know I know these shoes only took
five dollars for you to make I know
