so this is gonna be the cheesiest intro
ever but what are we doing guys ready 1
2 3
rob trap so originally I was supposed to
fly back to Los Angeles but I missed it
so I can stay in the Bay for a couple
days with family and you know I'm saying
just chillin so ride a road trip now and
before we get into what goes on right
now we want to show you what happened
before this video started of swagga d
surprising us and it's tagging along so
we're gonna we're gonna show that cuz
harris taped that so it's gonna play me
plague right now so I mean concert about
to go to LA in a little bit about to go
triplet road trip so we're about to get
chi soak ice doesn't think he's gonna go
la road trips doesn't 13:30 your swag is
about to hide in here what sounds like
so alright now we're back on the road
we're on the way to LA it's exactly 12
a.m. we should be getting there in about
4 and a half hours
yeah so it's like early in the morning
and our first stop is the world-famous
Roscoe's chicken and waffles they're
dead I'm wide awake I didn't get any
sleep but Roscoe's chicken and waffles
I've never had before so we go see what
it's all about
hands down the best walk water and out
of my life it's amazing he lets the
chicken even get though off with the
waffles are amazing hands-down the best
water you heard it here first from
Harris cat here Harris all right guys so
we need your help we want you guys to
write in the comments down below who's
got the better beard swag nice or Harris
favoritism you know here
well you like that war and then let's go
over here little curls and let's get a
side-by-side who win this battle
ok you guys are taking too long I got no
family
all right so we were just at r-fl a of
course Harris cashed out how'd you get
those a Bugs Bunny's dance the Bugs
Bunny's and dams is mine I did I didn't
get anything but look at my shoes who
got the better shoes poll number 2 of
the blog who got the better shoes the
bronzer Kobe's I got the Kobe's I got
the LeBron we're gonna wrap a lot we're
gonna steal some swag do these shoes and
then we're gonna wrap a limb off so
whoever's is the size a one-day get
their side right now vice abused
the complete are probably sick of us
sleep and we hacked his Instagram we
threw water on his face this is what
this this is what happens when you go to
sleep in the middle of the day for this
nighttime we'd let him pass but it's
daytime bro I'm on vacation
yeah so you're supposed to be going out
don't know I'm saying I'm tired
there's that he doing ah he also was a
long day and we're finally chilling here
about to get some crepes oh he's awake
finally I hold me over here he's also a
baby boy that's out here now like
grabbing and going to school oh this my
song guys so there's some tension in the
air right now because username at
swagger Diddy and username at believe
got swag are in the same building they
both got swag in their name for Twitter
and Instagram and all that so there's
tension right there and I can sense it
between the two and like how do you feel
so we want you guys to vote who do you
think has more swag Wahine or swag Adi I
stopped at a night we are at Diddy
breeze around UCLA yo what's going on
right body get some cookies with cookies
with ice creams makes it sandwiches
delish yeah I'm saying like a ghost so
it was a long day and they're finally
leaving me fun one-day trip yeah
you hey love you so you get a fun one
did your I was amazing
you guys see good right now I'm about to
go to my cousin's house my only family
that lives out here in LA so I'm about
to go just chill and they go put my hat
back on
okay no kid you fix my hair fix my hair
thank you sorry put my hat back on put
my hat back on okay so we're at UCLA
right now we just got done filming this
social experiment me and my homie move
here it's gonna be great guys this is
something we action oh it came out
perfect oh this is something I've never
done before it's a new direction so
we're gonna see how people react and
what do you think I'm excited so
yesterday I released my new video called
the thirsty guy prank I have never
gotten this many views in less than a
day comments it made it on worldstar the
whole concept of the videos
book by its cover not judge a person by
their looks like realtalk I feel really
blessed because like things are looking
good right now like I always say like
yeah the time is coming the times coming
I really feel like something big is
gonna happen
and I feel like I'm in the right
direction the videos doing good
I just got booked for a show in Chicago
I'm gonna be going to Chicago for the
first time yeah for a show in February
I'm not I'm not the type to cry anything
but if I was one of those people I
probably happier
what do you think it was pretty good man
