ooh banana
today's your day G today's your day we
go into the aquarium bruh they not ready
very excited T yes I'm very excited
Jim's gonna jump in the shark tank today
bro it's lit you because you could go
swimming with the wheel shark hell no
but you need to learn how to scuba dive
first so guys today's our last day in a
Sunday yesterday was Steiger Khan woke
up like at 2:00 p.m. I was so exhausted
and now we're about to link up with Tony
and everybody and then we're going to
the aquarium tonight oh is that what
that is and then we're gonna go to the
aquarium and then we're going to dinner
tonight
EMN just enjoying our last day in ATL
and it was a very good trip very
successful and I had a lot of fun hey
I'm over here breaking hotel tank
good job cause I like to have him a
place of employment you know yeah this
is what I like to do good day yeah I
will one I don't right now okay but I
want to in your face right now
Oh d-money revenge man come on hi guys
so we are about to pull up to the
sneaker store right now and check them
out premium kicks their store looks huge
I don't care
rolling on this scene is something clean
that's all I know that's all I know I'm
I'm just being me how can this be that's
all I know let's get away
clap to play a game for pears or Paige
what am I looking for still looking for
the Bruce Lee Tyrese
because I didn't see these these look
interesting but I know Pete these are
the PSM wise all they put PS and right
on the back that's it cut a cop these
David these are available online and I
passed on them and I just got like the
hoodie and stuff but these look way
better in person I want to see it do
sizes the green here these might be a
pickup right here
low-key when I wore the
friends-and-family yesterday at sneaker
con it made me want to get the other
colorways so I'm not gonna try to
collect them all but this one is my
second favorite isolate the black ones
too I had the black ones and I sold them
but this might be the move why he's
shown it roses I can't watch my video
now yeah screw your video girl
disrespect macho breath well you got to
watch yourself
go to watch yourself actually okay what
I'm not recording this one do 50 not bad
this is the champion collab but I look
like Jigglypuff yeah I feel like the
pink yet a pink one before and you just
threw the way later yeah this one's all
I know I can't wear this guy well you
know that
so this is an appropriate gene this
Allspark is this is simple but I don't
understand I could do a large really
yeah see this this is a little more
subtle yeah pink but that's e hoodies
act any XL quick jackets how could you
zip up the big zip down yeah
but then the thing is with these did
everyone really different this is like
this is not like the red car though G
what is that
I said DNA vibes here I do I like that
tune oh right there no yeah yeah I do
actually like it's a vibe if it's 250
I'll get it 288 not bad dude I don't
know kiss did a collab with beep these
are usually I like the vibe from the
Seattle vibes
alright guys I don't think I'm gonna get
any shoes today I think I'm gonna get
some supreme and stewed always messing
on my shot oh hell yo this store is
clean like it's like super clean like
everything's nice and smooth you know we
got the the pictures and all that good
stuff
supreme t-shirt supreme champion hoodie
supreme hockey jersey not gonna get the
nasty this time but it was a potential
change of plan I'm gonna get the DNA
t-shirt I've been wanting this one so I
was like you know what finally why not
the science behind it all of a sudden
huzzah a bro
Kendrick so these are DNA coding pairs
for all you guys know so age usually
goes with T adenine goes with thymine
and they're supposed to have cysteine
but they put supreme in there and then
they're supposed to go with guanine so
these are DNA coding pairs that actually
match together to create your DNA that's
what supremely little science for y'all
that our history but then also the
saying that supreme is in our DNA there
you go and then they have like these
little strands right here money supreme
oh okay I'm not gonna say that but all
right guys so we just got to the
aquarium we are about to go inside GM
how excited are you
we are just gonna do a GM montage at the
aquarium because this has been talked
about for two months now we didn't pay
him for the tour guys we just said you
get a free trip to the aquarium
alright guys so we have been enjoying
the aquarium it is freaking crazy and
you're like look at this
shoutout to our tour guide Tony who
showed us love right now
just got off the phone with Harrison you
feel me do you think go be sick of
showing us around let me gone forever
bro next time Magic City on a Monday all
right guys so we are about to leave to
the airport in one hour and I'm just now
packing up everything is all over the
place GM how's the overall aquarium
experience was it worth it guys ficus
got his first pair of Jordans today
check it out guys I got the top thing
I've been waiting for a size 12 and a
half very rare sighs you know the half
sizes are rare so got top three first
Jordan one and I got my first up reading
take up high spot for every three things
tied by the supreme I bought one you
know good travel size I want to show you
guys these because all day today and
there's literally there's like one small
very small heart to see crease right
there and there's no crease right here
there's like a little dimple here on the
toe which is kind of ugly but as far as
the crease goes these did not crease and
I was super super surprised because this
is a satin six right here so it's
literally it's not called the satin six
but it's like materials a satin and all
the satin Jordan ones those things
crease like there's no tomorrow I was
really impressed with that with the DS
Jordan sixes honestly guys if you guys
get the chance to cop these when they do
come out don't sleep on them these I'm
in love with these this might be my
favorite Jordan of the year besides the
off whites right there so these are
freaking sick and then I also got this
from the aquarium Georgia Aquarium Under
Armour shirt I thought that was pretty
dope that Under Armour made a shirt for
the Georgia Aquarium so I just got this
recess from the vending machine this is
the limited edition of nos general
release I'm not gonna vlog as going to
the airport and getting back to LA but
this vlog is a continuation of today and
yes wait yesterday no today and tomorrow
so I will see you guys back in LA a
fresh day Monday and no matter here and
we are back in
hey that sounded weird we're back in LA
guys I'm in my apartment you know your
boy got the facade cheer oh man this is
what you call a materialistic item waste
of money do not buy a versace robe i
regret buying it I just remember
remembered I had it so I threw it on and
it's pretty comfortable but it's
definitely not worth the money so don't
buy it kids
2016 was possibly the biggest year of my
youtube life as well as my real life
2017 definitely is a runner up to that
2017 has had some ups and some downs
it's been like a roller coaster because
there's been high points and there's
been low points but it's all been a
learning experience and that's what's
most important and it's still not over
yet we still got like three and a half
more months until 2018 we still got to
take advantage of every single day of
2017 and that's what I'm going to do
because 2017 is my 10-year anniversary
of being on YouTube my 10 year
anniversary is this Friday September
29th and I'm so freaking excited you
know this whole tour that I've been
doing which is still going on has been
in honor of that and even though I
didn't reach a million subscribers I
understand that but to me the ten years
of being on YouTube is something that I
can look back on and tell my my kids you
know tell some of my supporters or
people who feel like giving up that 10
years was about never giving up on my
dream I was unable to make a living off
of YouTube but I I loved creating
content I love making videos and never
gave up on it because I enjoyed it so
much even when I had a 9 to 5 it was
still a passion of mine and I've come to
the point where I'm blessed to be able
to live and make a living off of YouTube
and and create content for you guys and
that's what the ten year anniversary to
me is so it is this Friday and in honor
of that we are dropping our final drop
of September so this Friday we are
dropping the 10-year anniversary
collection it is one t-shirt one
long-sleeved t-shirt and one hoodie
those three will have a special 10-year
anniversary logo on it with a very
special back design they are crazier
than anything
ever released and their doper than
anything I ever released so if you
really want to represent the crew if you
really are a die-hard crew supporter and
you really mess with me and my vision
this is to me the most important thing
that I've ever released and the most
important item that I'm dropping this
Friday which is probably the most
requested item to drop for the first
time ever we are dropping the dream crew
chains now this is the silver one the
gold one was the friends-and-family one
that fruit made me for my birthday
he made about 20 of them and those were
all friends and family I actually gave
one of them to a very huge supporter of
mine his name is well his account is
called crew season and he's always just
posting updates of everything that's
going on with me and with the crew he
was just such a big supporter that I
sent him one and I said you deserve this
because you are part of the family you
deserve to have this and then I also
gave away another gold chain at our live
in the hype event and that wooden was
given away at random I believe I think
we did a raffle it could be wrong and
it's crazy because that chain actually
is now on a website reselling for about
$700 which is insane so now we are
actually dropping the same exact
necklace but again these ones are silver
these ones will be available this Friday
6 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on dream
crew calm and there is only going to be
a hundred of them and the big question
that everyone's wondering is how much
are they going to be the chains will be
$100 now I know that's a little high I
know I know that's very high but not
only do you get the chain but we're
gonna throw in a free item I don't know
what the item is we do have a few things
sitting around in the warehouse so it
could be a hat it could be a shirt it
could be a hoodie it could be anything
it could be a fidget spinner it could be
anything every purchase of the chain
comes with one free item just so you
don't feel like you're spending the
whole hundred dollars on the chain
you're gonna get a free item with it
alright guys so besides all of that
online talk this weekend is gonna be
life-changing for me and I'm not gonna
tell you guys why but Saturday is a huge
huge huge
for me and Mina and you guys will find
out very very soon wide such a huge day
and then Sunday is the pop up for all of
a sudden the tour and is it is in
Sacramento for the first time ever we
are doing an event in Sacramento so make
sure you guys come or more information
will be on my Twitter and my Instagram
the merch will be there and the reason
why we're still the reason why we're
doing it in Sacramento is because that's
where Farook and GM are from so they are
part of the crew the air part of this
tour so it's only right that we have a
stop in their hometown all of a sudden
the tour is coming to Sacramento so you
guys better show up because I've been
getting a lot of tweets of people saying
when you come to Sacramento how come you
never come to Sacramento we're coming so
I better not see no tweets after the
event saying hey when you come to
Sacramento when you come to Sacramento
cuz then I'm gonna be like yeah we were
just there I'm just kidding guys I love
you guys thank you guys for watching
this vlog that's it for today's video
I'll see you guys tomorrow
I barely asked for you guys to do thumbs
up anymore so maybe you guys can give me
at least 10,000 thumbs up maybe I don't
know that that doesn't seem like a lot
to me okay no more talking I'm done I'm
definitely not here
that's all I know I'm going up with
always staying down
that's
