Oh far behind me hey hey
so we just went on a little jog in santa
monica beach but i got one month to get
in shape doesn't mean you've got a bet
if I get in shape he's gonna buy me some
Jordans next month if I don't get in
shape I gotta buy him some Jordans yeah
man's chilling and enjoying this
beautiful day he knows me
anytime I'm vlogging in the skies
looking beautiful I'm gonna do something
for y'all
Drake album cover nothing was the same
I'm an in LA we saw the easiest store
store so we decided to stop by and check
it out and - is right here but no
Kardashian's inside
what uh yeah we just got I just got to
you Opie we're here for the event
you got the homie swag a D and Harris
swags a little nervous so he's not gonna
be in this skit you know he's just
trying to see how it floats Harris is
really nervous right now huh we're just
gonna go over the skit people are
outside they're like letting the doors
open people are coming in feel the night
you don't know it's lobster time brother
yeah brother make sure we don't talk
over yeah brother
no this is a mistake okay she obviously
missed her her flight or the security
she's heavy so they thought she was the
you know I was messing up on that
citizen this be like first my tents
first thank you my citizen test first
show is how the nervous everybody's
having a question that's the theme for
today
what he is because this is the big
question nothing you know something
you know Yemeni do black almost like
alright so I'll tell you the hint it's
close a pianist no I'm not in no adorn
you can ask to be in a video and then
that's it all right here with Harris
Harris this Craig Sager so I you had 29
points 15 rebounds how did it feel going
to tonight's game you know I was just
you just play the good team game you
know we're here live but to interview
some people here's Tom everybody Tom we
got him Tom how do you feel about being
there you okay you guys heard to hear
first from Tom thank you guys they're
good we got a we got him guys Q&N news
you NN news team on three championship
on six one two three four five six
championship let's go kids I'm a mess
Sonny coach cuz if we need some waters
mean so high thanks
what's Batman's butler's name
I was Batman but other things we have a
winner if you say one more time
for that bit just ended everybody's
hanging out now
everyone's chillin now we're hanging out
my mom's rocking the QoP shirt look at
her mom mom all right so these are all
the people that brought me out give them
the photos there you go so since I'm
still in the bay from the event last
night we're taking advantage of being in
the city again before my entire life
that I lived here I've never actually
walked on the Golden Gate Bridge until
today and it's pretty sick
just strolling on the Golden Gate Bridge
you know so we went all the way over
there
and now we're all the way back nighttime
so that's it all right Faisal okay black
are you here to here guys it's black
thank you
