oh it is that time of the month again
welcome to the second monthly pickups
aka the October edition got a text got a
tix
Oh pretty much I'm going to show you
guys what I picked up from the past
month this episode being October since
it's November now so let's go ahead and
get started and Davi I usually I start
this off with my hats because I like to
go from head to toe but I'm starting out
with these Barcelona gloves that I got
the reason why I got these I know it's
hot in LA but I'm going to New York in
January so it's gonna be like snowing
and cold there so I wanted to keep my
finger tips nice and warm and for all
you New Yorkers that are wondering yes I
am gonna set up a meet and greet in New
York in January so stay tuned for that
alright now on to the Hat the first one
I'm going to show you guys is this dull
five-panel
floral brim sort of got you will never
guess where I got this from although
there's like 15 bucks I think next up is
the hundred hat I got pretty dope you
got the basic hundreds logo she just
skinned brim this is probably my
favorite hat that I bought all year from
active it was a store out here in Santa
Monica and then the brim is a leather
brown last head wear for the episode is
this basic beanie I got from Target
target is in beanie season right now so
if you're looking for some dope beanies
inapt are yeah they got all kinds of
colors alright moving off to the clothes
I've been looking for something like
this for a while you guys know leather
is in right now I don't even know if the
camera will do justice on it back is all
black simple but don't brand is top
meant I'm probably gonna rock this to my
event in Stockton this coming Friday I
got this flannel from H&M it's a black
with the fade to the white if you see me
on Instagram you saw me rockin this is J
cool concert and then you also saw me
rocket to the easy concept I wrapped it
around my waist a lot of people made fun
of me for doing that because it looks
like a skirt or it's like so 80s or 90s
but it looks dope I got this hoodie this
is a Nike hoodie it's you got to look
really into the detail it's like a zebra
tie fingerprint something like that
can't even tell it's like
until you look at the sleeve and you see
this big BAM it's originally 80 bucks I
got this for only 20 bucks so um my
homie hooked it up like I said in my
last one target is the spice dope little
thin hoodie the bread is converse plain
and simple I picked this one up from
zoomies it's a primitive shirt with the
polka dots in the letter got this one
from zoomies - it's a tie-dye Dulce
shirt I know what you're thinking
tie-dye what are you stuck in the 70s
but come on man you know that style gets
recycled Kanye West's 808s & Heartbreak
shirt really simple great tee with the
heart that's broken and it's like a what
is this material called um oh mom it's
like furry god why can't I remember this
shirt that I bought from his yeezus tour
this is the basic Kanye - got him
looking down and then the back you got
the dates of the tour was this one right
here you got the yeezus on the top with
the little like Indian skull guy uses
tour dates again another target pick up
I got this Mozza most apply company it's
just like a long-sleeve warm type shirt
another tie-dye shirts to see again and
the back is like the cursive version of
the same exact thing and it just has the
writing man this is dope I only picked
up one pants for this month
they look leather but they are not
leather they are denim for sure they're
just very shiny black so from H&M slim
fit always looks better if you're
looking for pants like this hit up H&M
they got it for you I know what you're
thinking the shoes are supposed to come
next but for the first time I did not
buy any shoes in the month of October I
was able to control myself I'm doing
this new thing called saving money since
I haven't bought any shoes I thought it
would be cool to show you guys the shoes
I do have in my collection all right
y'all welcome to my closet and before I
get into my sneakers I want to say I
know I don't have the biggest collection
I know I don't have the rarest
collection if you know me you know I do
a lot of training getting rid of my
sneakers because I get over sneakers and
buy more that's just any sneaker head
would understand exactly what I'm saying
right now but this is my current
collection it used to be way bigger
before I moved to LA I promise you that
let's go ahead and get into it Nike
Roche
is very comfortable and very stylish the
red safaris the reason why I got Jesus
cuz they remind me of the Kanye Red
October easy tools that are coming out
soon which are nearby going to be
impossible to get Hank Eid rush runs
inspired by again err easy tools another
pair of Nike Roche runs leopard print on
the toe daily comfort shoot Nike Flyknit
and another pair I got the blue Nike
Flyknit with the vault tongue Nike
Finance again multi color if you could
kind of see on here all the different
colors this is my jogging shoe so I run
in these ones let's get into some boxes
I'll show you my Jordans first because I
don't have that many Air Jordan 8 Bugs
Bunny's the reason why I got these is
because it's my favorite TV show
growing up with Boy Meets World and Cory
used to rock these all the time so when
they reread road I had to come up dead
stuff I don't like these at all so I
don't know why I have them but I'm
trying to sell them grapes dead stock
these are signs 11 too big for me every
real sneaker head has these in his
collection that's all I got to show you
and you know what they are
breads the reason why I love these so
much because in high school I didn't
know how to get them and all the other
kids would have parents of Elevens and I
never had any and finally now that I'm
old and finally got my pair when they
came out I was so happy I was like do it
jumping jacks and running all over the
place that means a little more to me
than the usual consumer that's just me I
got a different connection with my
sneakers it sounds cheesy but that's
just is how I feel been on let's get
into my favorite basketball player Kobe
Bryant red Kobe eight year of the Dragon
what the Kobe's everything on the shoe
is different so once wishes orange one
is like a light blue laces different
print on the shoes different I have
hopes to get these signed by Kobe one
day so I'm not wearing them just yet and
this pair is actually from China it's my
first pair of shoes that I got from
China SiC has all this Chinese writing
on the back of the box little details
gel Kobe a Christmas lights Christmas
days whatever you want to call them is
the Christmas edition area 72 aka
all-star edition PP Pak Philippine Pak
Easter's
Oh super sexy my favorite Kobe ate the
Mamba kurios that put the sushi on the
toe the purple with the vault of the GU
lime green and the Nike on the inside ah
they did such a good job with these and
you got the grass on the clear sole at
the bottom and the inside is like that
soccer shoe material oh they did I love
these I love these kd6 lifestyles
polkadot high-top these are my
basketball shoes
Kobe ate milk snakes you can see that I
hope in them they're beat up and then
also when I feel like rocking some high
top I rock my nike hyper down 2013 I
believe they are there the Kyrie Irving
auditions alright thank you for watching
my monthly pickups for October I'll see
you guys next month if you have any
questions regarding some styles things
to buy shoes anything like that just
leave comments down below and I will try
my hardest to reply to all of you until
next time everybody stay dope and stay
fresh
