today has been the worst day ever and I
don't know if I'm singing right now or
what get away man I'm trying to block or
just wake up and shoot this video for me
but we went to go start my car
Thanks all right like I was saying
supposed to shoot my video it didn't
happen my cars at the shop it's getting
a new battery we're going in the easiest
concert in a couple hours all right
we inside now we got our tickets Jesus
on the shirt again I got this shirt from
the Kanye concert in
or you keep up the drive six hours back
home to San Francisco so check it out
what's happening right now is you know
I've been in the bay for like just been
like seven eight hours and I just got
dressed and I'm getting ready to go to
the Cole concert I'm gonna meet up with
Yusuf Anna my homey Phil and then um I
think I'm pretty fitted right now like
this is a dope outfit I got my red shoes
I know if you could see anything they're
kind of kanye inspired you know I'm
saying I tried to take my fashion
friends after him check this out check
this out
see the little thing right there ooh
all you only did it once impromptu
lightning-round j.cole edition first
time you know j.cole 2009 where were you
in my bedroom was your first reaction um
hi I cried favorite j.cole song of all
time I'm gonna have to say lights please
who would you like to see Jay Cole Whitt
work with the kitchen for my favorite
Jay Cole line of all time money come
faster being hungry don't last tell you
look in the mirror and you saw me was
favorite roommate long story in itself
but yeah so I used that fan base to get
me like help me win this contest so a
lot of people took that as unfair
J Cole killed it you know no no no gets
me out of your keopi it's off easy it
can be again
I have no idea what you just said but
alright me oh shit is that case no
longer driving picking up Yusef right
now probably going back to that later
grind get back on the grind you I'm
saying you know I'm kind of tired
right now I shave my beard I look like a
kid if I heard you in their dreams of
love dream you still recovering from
that Jake O'Connor brand bra I mean the
water but the K that's water don't you
know we just got back to LA like
literally like an hour ago and you since
about to shoot with the homie Tim de la
ghetto you excited for two years first
ever video I had made I said I want to
do I want to be like my greats like
Khimki de la ghetto two years later
you're doing it that's why you gotta
always have a doll in a jeans I'd be
persisting you gotta be motivated you
can never stop and your dreams will come
true so here's my Lucy Real Talk this is
a beautiful scene where this guy Drake
album cover look I love oh yeah but you
know no I have the perfect response
remember oh okay yeah I guess you gonna
start on Pico and head Northwest man
leave my family out of this
don't talk yeah many bars you have ready
you are a was you run like a wuss
finishing the night with this beautiful
chicken pasta in the copycat over here
got the same hats my lord you can't walk
be quiet it's my blog nobody can touch
my sock swag I challenge anybody to see
me with the sock swag I will take you
down I just want to take advantage of
this moment right now because I was
about to edit this flaw but I thought it
let me throw this in real quick so check
it out for those of you don't know I'm
gonna be performing in Stockton
California at this charity event at UOP
include more information in the
description below if you're interested
in coming if you're in the Stockton area
Tracy Bay Area California so come out
support we're gonna throw on a great
show on for a good cause and I'll see
some me there
all right love you but to go back to
calming my beer or yo
