so right now we out to Fairfax which is
a street that has a whole bunch of six
stores and users never been there so
imma take them ad talk I don't want to
be in his logs anymore because you guys
I'm Jade like wholeheartedly think I'm
mean to this guy I piss me off look at
my shirt ease us Jesus just rose again
for a fax we seen taco from our future
here so we gonna see it for you get in
this vlog with me one time this is fair
back like club and all these doors we go
check it out hey yo taco can I get a
vlog with you Brett just dis me straight
up drunk era
yeah guys dudes do not care about their
fans yo oh my god shit yeah hurry along
have two seconds one get away they say
you should say you got Tyler did you get
that footage we got tired
I want my blog to be like you and trying
to get pictures of them in happening you
should just be videotaping the whole
time right I don't want to just pull it
out I want them to get pissed okay what
happened I don't want to ask for a
picture cuz I don't want him to be like
name two of my songs I plan to promote
and he is hot so Yusuf is scared to ask
for pictures and shit so what I do is I
just vlog and then I can just take a
screenshot from one of the videos you
know I'm saying you got a double think
you know I'm saying I just make a whole
video exposing you huh what I'm just
gonna make a whole video exposing you
and shit exposing me yeah the truth
about footsies ooh yeah and he picks his
nose that he wake up sleeps with a water
I sleep in that sweater thing with like
a zip up Hoodie with no shirt under and
he walks it to my model walks into my
little office and poses like and he
tries to be serious like hey what's up
bro
I told her you can't touch my butt in
public like that login under I'm
vlogging dude okay um let's J walk
pretty they don't believe that so about
to leave uh
what is this place called Fairfax
carport okay alright oh thank you
we've got the Fairfax and I didn't buy
anything you've got a jacket from some
store dope or something
we met some odd future people about a go
eat now and yeah people were chopping my
shirt like straight up they're like oh
you went to the concert it's not until
Saturday I'm like I was in the Bay you
don't say haha I need you take picture
this guy's the biggest girl you always
wants me to take pictures of him and
send it to people so they can get his
approval of the jacket with scoop swear
what what she honk at her oh she knows
you fans this guy what the histogram Dan
we get in the same old shoes are you
about to Instagram it
hey you bout to Instagram that huh gonna
Instagram that this is a cute picture
yes cool like I say it's cute but it's
cool trunk open main trunk opening hey
we might get shot out here go early like
trying new things but Yousef is getting
me to eat some what kind of food is this
brazilian Brazilian food it's like
leaves and stuff and mashed potato so
we'll see how it comes out about to go
to Beverly Center I'm gonna take you to
one more store called tradition because
I'm trying to get a swag right cuz I'm
his son unofficial stylist right you
talking too much bruh let me do me
that's why you want 90% of this vlog
footage show yourself bridge this guy's
depressed
look at him this guy's the biggest mood
swings I swear he's like a girl yes gets
a period and everything
Lee this view target city
and run let me get all your vlog footage
and put into my vlog and it would be
like one major loan let me just make a
combined channel for long you ready for
this
this is called a lightning round first
thing that pops in your mind what's your
favorite vine pizza no what's your
favorite vine um the girl who goes the
fu say favorite movie in the last year
ah gravity favorite album born Center
favorite place to eat mashed potatoes
anywhere that has tomato no I think you
gonna say your Diner okay um that's true
first track you look at when you see a
girl um her feet dream car I'm driving
it ooh favorite roommate you can't be
we're just going all over the place now
now we're at Santa Monica third Street
our favorite spot as we over here at
Nike I'm hella happy listen their dough
for a lot of people hating on those with
their dough my
again and we ran into the homie right
here he's a he's a fan so was your name
and yeah he look like he's about to give
us a big hug when we walked out to uh so
we at Yogurtland and they got like the
perfect flavor for any Middle Eastern or
Afghans pistachio hey you want to try
this hey you want to try pistachio is it
good only user would like it so I tried
the pistachio it was pretty good so I'm
not going to talk smack about it again
and this guy walk out the yogurt shop
and he disappears and I find him on the
corner looking like a bum anyway we're
gonna end this vlog at raps cuz you says
getting sick he's getting a runny nose a
nose no no
oh I look sick brah I look sick look a
look you can see my fries already one
two three four chillin in aisle 13
looking for my medicine with my friend
who are known since I was a teen it's
all gravy cuz I got chips in my hand it
tastes like mesquite not even gravy got
my knife willing my right come on
everyone in my left mix it and you got
your vitamin C up in my chest up in my
nasal hit him with a flow I look like a
crazed Oh crazy oh you don't even know
though like mmm said
