so I just got this bomb crepe from the
greatest crepe place in the world called
the crepe cafe in Santa Monica about to
walk around I don't know what we're
gonna do he wants to get some ice cream
we were just talking about you know how
fans you know they don't mess with you
after a while if you stop making videos
yeah oh I gotta get in this picture one
more time for the for the yes yeah we
had a meet and greet out here yeah yeah
so like we were saying before those fans
interrupted us what do you think what's
your pian we're just talking about how
like somebody can be your biggest fan
one day but if something you say
something you do can change their
opinions of you so drastically and even
your biggest supporters can turn their
backs on you and how much your hurts to
see it happen to us and then if we can
win you guys back it's just the whole
game of YouTube it's tricky
are you also I'm doing laundry right now
I don't have a my basket is actually
full I still have other towels and stuff
in it so I'm using this as my basket
it's a drawer but you know just live in
a man's life doing laundry
my biggest fears is losing my socks
while I'm doing laundry what if I
accidentally leave one in the machine
and someone else takes that one sock
that meant something to me I'll tell you
right now I'm kind of crazy I spent like
30 bucks on one pair of socks before I
love socks all right that's cool
everything might get out of my car oh
yeah I'm about to leave going taking a
flight to San Francisco
you know nice nice what am i throwing up
don't beat me up back in the Bay Area so
you know with Harris and so I get big
show them the beard in the hair no
spirit banging you know I missed these
guys but I'm back to the baby we're
about to go we're not gonna leave this
son take a picture either so that day
that's a full day right now everybody's
getting bullied but me strive we opted
out and we're gonna get yoga right you
know how you she's having the song yes
okay what do you think about here is
like real talk give me on or if you had
one word to describe Harris what would
it be
honestly one word I would say weird
weird speak up the baby wait up what are
you guys doing over here guys hey bad
boys your eyes
no reaction laughs Angie wait handing
over the controller hold on a second
let's go dad there's a garden gnome
getting that workout time
we wouldn't be believing me
but Nutella from Europe is 10 times
better than Nutella from America like
it's from Germany I came and read it for
the Indian gluten start in then tagged
in Valley on yeah I don't know what I
said but if you just be German you know
what I said write it in the comments
down below but yeah like I saying
this the German Nutella in the European
Nutella is bomb the American you tell is
garbage and I also got these dope
candies from Europe kinder and I'm about
to grab mine it's done great home alone
now and back home in LA I don't have my
PlayStation we only have Yusuf's garbage
Xbox and I hate Xbox so I don't even
play Grand Theft Auto there so what I'm
doing is I'm catching up on my Grand
Theft Auto 5 now even though I don't
play the missions I still mess around
and kill people and run people over with
my cars and drive really fast and fly
helicopters and pick up chicks and all
that good stuff so discovered that you
can take selfies and Grand Theft Auto
let me take one real quick that's the
one
can you give it to him like that
if here if your shorts aren't high
weights to it then what are they
preceding the club
