but Oh guys were at Target right now
Yousef he's paying buying some stuff you
know saying we got our cameraman right
there you want to introduce yourself
hello my name is Ian and I count on you
sweat this over I'm the legal one before
you came to America now kicked out hi my
name is Olli bleach I'll shoot a video
right now getting some last-minute props
and stuff and the homies right here
what's up man yo I'm saying yeah came
through ah that's the homie he's a
princess so he gotta get a Starbucks to
wake up alright so we just got to UCLA
by the meet up with one of my homies to
take us to an empty classroom so we can
start shooting cuz myself just told
myself in the foot and I'm you know help
this is my first vlog since I moved to
LA and you know kind of sick of my
roommate but you know it's good though
you know you know I'm saying hey we
rocking with it alright guys so we're
gonna classroom right now I'm about to
start teaching um me where ain't nobody
wants to listen to me got Yusef um and
we're chillin the homie Mahim got swag
nigga now he hooked us up with the
classroom and to help me over there what
was your name again man
Ahmed there we go I forget but yeah we
got this classroom and we're about to
start filming in here you know and um
you know I'm gonna person ready okay I
gotta go on set guys I'm getting a hug
so this is what it looks like behind the
scenes you know we got the camera work
in move it looks like he's uh in a photo
shoot right now what
oh we're just filming what team broke
all their necks so you know a challenge
still shooting with the homie right here
movie y'all follow me all my gosh
Oh Twitter universe an Instagram yes yes
super swag like real dog you know
yeah there are nobody disgusting and
stuff in the video we've been here for
like an hour and a half now and you know
this seems only gonna be like in 30
seconds of a video so but it'll be worth
it oh you can see myself falling in my
class seriously alright Josh so we just
got finished shooting that was just day
one we're gonna be shooting tomorrow too
but I'm about to go eat it took us like
two point three hours to yo shout out to
the crew everybody here right now who's
helping with this video shoot this
videos about to be crazy on Monday
something you guys have never
experienced before
oh you guys aren't ready yeah whatever
he said Oh chilly
what is this baseball night no they're
not
you never pick up with them the net grab
the net right now
Oh grubbing after shoot
okay I guess I don't know but you know
this who the Bombers hell and we going
in right now y'all you know we come into
Raley's to get some late night snacks
now we getting some food so Yousef is
taking care of his guests in the video
tomorrow so he's buying some bangs was
the car that bruh
whoo all right never mind we don't want
to see what was in our car you know
we canceled my shoot because we're gonna
push it to Sunday so he could put more
effort into it because we tired and we
grind it and I think they got it I think
I think they understood that you're
trying to put it be simple ready go gon
set day - you said you got some new gas
and stuff I'm shooting it's early
certainly for me at least hi I'm
Jennifer and I'm learning how to be cool
like Drake and we got her sister over
and I'm Lauren and I'm already cool like
Drake and then we got the cameraman
again yo I'm saying
early we grinding users got a dope ass
sweater you know I think he's gonna keep
it out to the shoot - I'm saying it I
mean it's dressed up like though look
let's go everybody
perfect I like it was do it not to me
and her up still filming right now we've
got to film a basketball scene give him
a dunk huh give him a dunk
I'm done yeah
now look clean you get enough though
it's off yeah you got it
no I did it damn Oh what that one's
given my Yammer Oh
everything what you like straight brick
bricks now this whole thing is going in
there Scott that oh this is my first
love oh goody don't put those in I get
you in my blog Tuesday what's up baby
we out here man - homie the homie ke j
checking on you - oh no man okay
especially with this huh
yeah till at the basketball courts been
able like our now almost done though she
drinks it thumbs up yeah 2 Chainz I'm
here to sue my player partner and we
making this video and all this stuff you
know 2 Chainz had to come through we
don't know because one time we had to
come one time we look lightweight your
video
I'm talking like ham now that's how he
talks this is like way cool that is my
cool dog
we like mansion with all the camera off
on people yeah hey that's on so after
nine long hours of shooting we finally
finished we gonna finish the day with
some food at the mall we're going to
BJ's I'll get myself a little bouzouki
cops done goddess you know what I'm
saying something they're distracted
talking to each other but you know you
see I'm just cracking animol y'all y'all
we out here editing same day I have my
hands on my pants where you always do
that come on
Riley's tell me about the sort of
vlogging anyway with the editing process
right now of his video and I'm out here
but the edit this vlog and what LA and
you know it was a long table not matter
with Christ I did this video for y'all I
didn't agree on that but I guess I'm
pulling an all-nighter but you're a
bacon bra and then you know we just
don't grind mode grandma grandma
hey what does this button do
actually I said that there oh you could
take pictures while you film me okay oh
oh yeah
