oh yeah what's up and welcome to the
first ever edition of monthly pickups I
thought it would be pretty dope to show
you guys what I picked up last month as
far as sneakers clothing fashion distich
things like that and then if you guys
enjoy this video maybe we could do it
every month
you guys can take some tips from me you
can dress like me you know see what's in
style or what I think is in style at
least before I start I just want to make
this clear I'm not trying to show off to
anybody just wanna show you guys some of
the things I pick up from someone who
appreciates fashion - hopefully someone
else that appreciate this fashion as
well I do also donate my old clothes to
charities I don't just stack up all this
clothes in my house I wear and then I
pass them along to somebody who needs it
10 times more than me with that being
said let's go ahead and get into what we
have here shall we
first off let me show you gonna wear
right now I'm wearing this new polkadot
Stussy five-panel this is my first ever
5 panel they usually look ugly on me but
this one looks pretty cool if I wore
backward so I got it hopefully those are
kind of in
so I thought those tickets Big Sean
finally famous hat it came with because
I bought his album I bought it from his
website so they gave me the free hat
alright so this hat right here is the
LeBron James floral championship Nike
hat was in New York with Harrison here's
the big LeBron fan and we found one in
the store and I was the first one to
grab it you let me get it but now he has
one too so they're kind of limited so I
decided to pick up two then I found this
one out here too with the pool for him
and I bought it for Harris so he can
have one so me give that to him in LA
now moving on to a pair oh my birthday
was last month too so I got a few
presents in here this is one of Eric's
got me this diamond supply tank it's
pretty dope that's an Arabic variety on
there funny thing about this is we
always went to his more than I always
was like damn I really want that but I'm
gonna pass this time and I kept passing
in the finally got it for my birthday so
thank you you know I love you boy when I
saw this I had to pick it up you got the
leather sleeves but the dark Vador on
the chest is pretty cool just a crewneck
sweater
it's absolutely was in the girls section
of forever 21 but I tried it on and it
looked like a regular men's sweater and
even the work is like that might be in
the wrong spot I don't know could be men
so but you know what I'll rock it even
if it is a girl sweater I'm a rock
because it looks like a man's sweater
hey if you want I'm gonna freshen it I'm
saying next up is this denim converse
yeah Congress to shoot brand and make
clothes who they selling at Target for
affordable prices I think this one was
like 22 bucks and then I got this denim
shirt this was actually my roommate
Yousef you might not have got this from
PacSun and so it was like a buy one get
one free t-shirt think yesterday while
he was packing this IKEA I don't want
this
my roommate you said for the nice little
dinner shirt
Big Sean hall-of-fame t-shirt just came
with that hat that I was showing you
earlier hall of fame on the back was a
lighter really big all right this one is
another target pickup original it was
like ten dollars but I got like seven
bucks a few bucks on it you rock this
with a lot of things my homies at home
and Phil you know they always keep you
fresh with their t-shirts and dope
clothings probably see me rock this on
my Instagram I'll have the link to their
website down below so you can find some
stuff done to beacon of own field they
sent me this one a couple days ago and
this is part of their new line the
golden black always a sick combo and I'm
definitely gonna rock outside the group
in the video because this is fresh
another brand that sent me something
that rock is this rare bird oh yeah it's
from the brand called bird's eye view so
check it out it's pretty dope now that
I'm out in LA now for sure gonna rock
this uni rocking this in a video pretty
soon I haven't had a chance to rock it
yet I'm very picky when it comes to
pants that needs a perfect hands needs
to be slim and it needs to be
comfortable I usually get my pants from
PacSun just like bottling get one half
off or something but they're like
perfect fit the brand is still on yeah I
was really against like denim but when I
saw these ones like you know what I'm
gonna try they're super comfortable
another part of that buy one get one
half off or Bano ya molecule now I'm
gonna get into my favorite this sneaker
okay this was a very slow month for me
in September for sneakers I tried to
control myself as you can see it though
got five pairs first off we got the Nike
Flyknit racer multi colors I don't know
if you can see it from this far but I
try to get to a close-up view it's kind
of blurry but it's like it's all knitted
that's fine that racer is very
comfortable but they're not as
comfortable as the original fly net and
I had to before I moved out to LA I have
to get the black version just so this
could be my life everyday skinny girl
and I'm just going to go girl
juries are going downstairs for walk we
do that okay next up I got the birthday
present from a special little lady I'm
saying sometimes you gotta put the
sneakers away and just get your grown
man on so I got these shoes from Cole on
ray Jones wingtips I don't have a lot of
fresh juices so when I do get a pair I
got a make sure they're a really good
brand like hold on I'd like to first of
all I definitely need to figure out how
I'm gonna rock this but I'm gonna rock
this I like this a lot
I picked it up the second day I moved to
hello dizzy flower - now skis it's a
brown camel blue digital flowers on it
and you can't really see it from far but
it's really sick I used to wear a lot of
janowski's and then I stopped for a
little bit because it's getting so hyped
up in too many people were rocking them
and they started dropping some weird
colorways but when they came back to the
digital of or praying Hamelin that's you
redeemed yourself Nike with that one my
last pickup is something that I thought
I would never raw they are kind of crazy
but I like them they are the Kevin
Durant six lifestyle version it's a real
high top shoe I usually don't do high
tops but I just love the polka dots on
the whole base back little zigzags
playing the double tongue like how many
issues of a double tongue you know
surprisingly they're very couples but
he's got a big nice cool fan out right
here
the way I would rock them those I wore
my jeans over the frickin high
my god I can't do it to where my change
stops right here because then it would
look like something back to the Future
Marty McFly you know who's saying so
yeah but this is a pretty dope sneaker
I'm happy I picked them up for 70 bucks
you don't say yeah that's it that's my
September pickups if you like this video
and you guys want to see what I picked
up for the month of October like the
video comment down below if you have any
questions regarding any type of fashion
any type of sneakers anything like that
write it down below and I'll try to
respond and yeah man follow me on
Twitter I cry so more follow me on fine
fine fine is where it's at my vine is at
I can't feel my face god bless and
