what up everybody we are on our way to
the event in washington DC in here Paris
Harry Harry Harris it's like two hours
before the show and we're gonna check
out the program and see what's going on
and like win the heart of DC right now
screeching pretty go but a lot of
construction going on as you can see
behind us but you know maybe that's what
makes cloud BAM right in the middle of
DC the National Monument so we're
checking out some of the boots right now
Obama in the background paintings just
some nice paintings you know I'm saying
Obama that was your cell Obama I don't
know if y'all can hear me but this is
the dopest painting that I see pretty
sick so i'm here with and she's a big
fan she drove five hours here to see me
nobody else just me from manhattan right
and yeah she's very cool we talked and
we had a good time and she wanted to
meet a video smile ready want to be with
some fans again they wanted to be the
bee log so i'ma let them
anything like that fangirling all right
here with some more fans on how you guys
doing it hi how are you asking what you
guys names sean i'm bobby Sophia shell
uh yeah and they're at the show is just
chilling hanging out with them and
having a good time I'm same you going
y'all keep going we still haven't I done
here with what's your name Lizzie Lizzie
been omar and they wanted to be the
video so here they are what do you got
to say to everybody oh I don't know come
on then how do be worth of video so
what's the guy's not have cornea then
what do you SA
I hope you guys enjoy the video hey
what's up your name what's your name oh
no they will be john-boy your bacon
through food I'm with introduce
yourselves I'm Iman hi I need you guys
to be loud ready 123 as long as you can
I'm raping your black and indian women
you're creating lots in oh stop it turn
it off hello imagine the Word of God
without religious poopies imagine the
Savior born into Mexican hope the
persecuted single mother in a modern
manger you crucified again like a
stranger the tears and anger worth more
than diamonds and rubies imagine being
locked up since juvie imagine changing
your life and still going out like two
key imagine people talking shit when
they never knew me imagine a movie that
depicted the pain in your life like them
kids in Afghanistan chasing a kite for
most of the world that's what it's like
imagine if the person you're supposed to
love for the rest of your life and said
some very some one else at that ended at
night they say you fight the greatest
jihad in your heart in your mind and
fight the harness when you start from
behind fuck a Masonic design America's
future is fine repeat that to yourself
cuz if vultures a crime the numbers
tattooed on your arm are too far behind
murder your mind in politics and poles
or the populace is obvious if you read
the north with documents forget the
compliments from what I recorded and
live for revolution instead of always
dying for the show's over I'm here with
the best biggest and oldest kill appeal
GOP fan as what she made me do you make
green yeah yeah she made me sign her
iPhone all right it's a five that's how
down she oh she a real kill people okay
but we had a good time herring time
great time amazingly no hug just finish
up the event yeah I'm an interview so
how would do the van Gogh fine what was
the highlight of their man hi salwar and
that's all folks that's all you thank
you for tuning everybody speaking Afghan
Jesus in the flesh right here go got my
mixtape out ebyen Jesus bandcamp com
soul of man anyway stays when she
watches our God watch it man almost more
thing shot secure you holding down for
having community much respect your own
yeah Brad Fisher see what so we in here
with my advice alright but the hit up
Denny's real quick and I gotta fart cuz
the pilgrims and your car keys the door
columns kill more innocent people and
Hitler and Stalin I guess for fortune
tellers
