first steps into our beautiful ladies
and gentlemen we are in New York City
right now
you know we were in DC but we decided to
go Yolo on these fools and just come to
New York for the day and enjoy it and
Harris his first time in the city so you
know you're in New York when you hear
those horns Times Square and we're about
to go to Toys R Us
alright this Toys R Us is amazing if
you've never been to New York this Toys
R Us is like a ferris wheel inside shot
like a life-size Barbie house heiress is
about to look at it I can see it right
now and you got you guys look you got
authentic characters outside
the craziest bitch I've ever seen in my
lap ain't gonna get a minute to you know
let go get it I said let go like looking
at the One Direction Barbie he was
really about to pick up dating Iligan by
alright y'all check out our New York and
how sweet hotel over to our crib what
does it say behind new restaurant rest
who wrongs like sweetie dope you know
this is straight out of an IKEA catalog
no best view double me this our homies a
view right here so guys it's showing us
a good time Tommy areas and amazing New
York view
yeah we got to check out some authentic
New York Pizza from familia square
cheese regular cheese cute boys boy so
we changed up we got clean where now
we're walking around New York again
everybody needs some love in their life
about the hit of Nike Nike town and some
other stores and so we do this so meet
and greet look at Harris the Taurus s
mhm you got it alright so right now we
walk into our unofficial meeting greet
in Times Square
I don't know if anybody's gonna show up
because it was like thanks man it was
short notice one day so we'll see what
happens you know maybe you see that for
each other yeah and we have sample meet
and greet each other yeah there we go
we'll take pictures with each other
so yeah we got some more fans came
through reppin he'll be so we weren't
too lonely no I'm saying chillin right
now only in New York can you get a free
hug so we're gonna go to flight club
right now together go check out the
shoes maybe cup something a where we
going Subway's with my boy subscribe
Mickey we're at the flight club right
now look at this hat wall and let me
show you the sleep the wall this is
heaven I'm not gonna go crazy all time
circling this off can you turn it down
I'm trying to vlog right now bro you
know when you get when you're with
somebody for so long and you just get
sick of them this is say thirty right
now and the night is young but we're
gonna take a little rest recharge the
phones and you know alright y'all so
outfit change number three it's about 11
p.m. right now mean Harris again roaming
around Times Square messing around
yeah we just checking things out doing
some last-minute shopping and this city
honestly does not sleep because it's
more cracking now than it was earlier
today right Harris yeah what a reason
but yeah it's cracking cracking like a
like a like no bones crack look like
yeah I didn't get it all right for the
second time today I'm having pizza and
this time it's hell all pepperoni Allah
yeah we got some special guests and here
also it yeah we're sick of them you know
we just eat chili living life and
enjoying that New York atmosphere yeah
but if they showed me a good time
are y'all butter crash it the whole
fucking ready want to do this alright
yeah we brought a dip go crash at the
hotel going back to DC tomorrow morning
saying bye to the homies what's up I had
a bunch of special time man cool days it
was the longest day ever
we ended it good we were chilling it you
know subscribe to all of them I'll add
you guys links down yeah I gotta be so
told me he's been in our next stop is DC
