it's twelve o'clock and me here's Harris
swagga DD we better go have a little
bowling competition you got swag indeed
the hair James and Colby and it look
it's my first time America the boat make
balls so I get these first time let's
see what he does here oh wow he didn't
even warm up or anything oh no
ooh kill'em Gila whoo hey watch watch a
strike I guess we'll watch him
anyway you know I'm just whoa what what
happened what happened
so I'm locking myself walking myself oh
we got like three frames left I'm
leading by a swags and last place hair
school second okay just advise you guys
want a date swag all you gotta do is
have iOS 7 on your phone so Miley Cyrus
just came on and everybody thinks she's
hella hot but I think she's honestly
disgusting what do you think disgusting
ok nevermind disgust me I don't know how
guys find their objective on the
shoulders right will he deliver and he
does and he does eight o'clock died
Raina he doesn't hate me more any one
strike oh that one will you look at this
space down ok I told you it would I uh
for the record I told you 125 I told him
that would happen I beat them and we
mean no
alright so this is day two so this is
day two of bromance with swaggin Harris
I don't know why we decided to double up
have this whole weekend spent together
but we're at bjs wags birthday weekend
rides birthday weekend even though it's
next week but we're gonna be in DC next
week so we're gonna spend it all right
all right we got the cheese pizza huh it
wasn't the best cheese pizza from bjs
but Harris guy speaks of swag over here
with his full plate of nothing but we
bout to order some pizookie Ryu body in
Kentucky no ma it's like me know damn
well when I cut this off he can order to
bouzouki with bjs the restaurant partay
I'm stuffed and the movies are closed
golfing's closed to all our plans are
jacked up I watched our funding would I
got it all right mother got to go home
let's get away from me what's catchy
versace medusa head on me like I'm know
my daddy this is a gated community big
comedy so this is our Saturday night is
it saturday no this is this is Tara
everything's closed then we don't know
what to do so besides Pikachu game I got
the black waves on
so I got the meat for is on our life is
really not that exciting behind the
youtubes computer screen we're just just
one am much 12am on the fried Saturday
night we're at starbucks I think it
would be pretty smart first and said
this may go next in a good manner yeah
next week's gonna be excited little bit
ly c by then so probably missing like
three or 4v like one per day you might
get to the part 1 part 2 so I while you
outside stay up down side so I dicks
this match
