second floor
good morning guys from but they're going
to sneak a con it's 10:00 a.m. so you
cook on starts at 12 but I'm not going
in there ask ice I'm going in there as
hoodie guys there's two types of crisis
there's education and there's regular
case what you blind today maybe the rest
of these pants is it all right shoutout
Armon season and watch it's oh seven bro
we've been out with the og versus the
dream I'm watching for four years it's
that way so calm right now bro so we in
here right now boutique I see you out
there own booth bro alright brothers
we'll spend some rats wait wait don't
videotape this alright guys had to stop
by the private label booth I just saw
something but I can't show you guys
anything but all I could say is stay
tuned because private label dream qu all
of a sudden that's all I'm gonna say
found the sample industries booth I
don't like these guys I'm gonna
dammit alright this not working
let's go
the one you grabbed out of mine was a
time so your hands go
yo these are hard - and then the tag is
different or no yeah take fucking
yourself baits yeah like a Gatorade how
y'all get stopped early yeah I need
these oh my god coming back to these
four shirts and the boxes 16 of I've
shown that though why me goes in this
thing who wears these to speaker Connor
killing it a fever
okay so we changed up got my Mina hi
beastie on friends and family human race
on five minutes before the show starts
you're getting breakfast in our system
then we're gonna go to the show ATL's
looking lit already I was in there for a
little bit as you guys saw but now it's
time to start the real show let's get
things poppin one of these doors is open
just got to figure out which one well
whatever Oh perfect
- Stan's providing socks for the tour
what would you ask me would you put a
baby in Kylie Jenner look would you put
a baby in time I can't ask why
young enough to do
nobody said not name on hey what's going
on you ready you all ready yeah
the truth about Kai Salman guy's
overexpose we take it alright guys so
we're gonna get the line started right
now
everybody's waiting shout out to the
crew over there chillin we got the tour
merge tour merge here got the chain on
the silver chain goes on sale this
Friday stay tuned
who still brought over to LeBron 15
checking him out for the first time they
look pretty cool we'd love to test this
out it's dope that they didn't put a
huge swoosh on the side and they kept it
subtle with the swoosh on the back right
there so pretty interesting but you've
got to try them out got to try them out
usually you come you're very humble when
you come to sneaker con you don't like
to bust out anything too crazy no just
here to have fun but today but today and
he left the tags on well I didn't know
if I should take the tags off or not I
feel like I feel like this I can't take
this off yeah I haven't seen these in
person and he kept that one China little
made in China
see the line we barely just started how
many minutes has sneaker cars been going
on like 10 15 minutes and I already
bought my first sneaker pick up no
120 I want these right here supreme
therefore to the funny thing is I used
to have a pair of Air Force twos in high
school it was the Laker edition it had
the little la right here so my man right
here he handed I made these some Chris
Falls and he said if you're the if
you're the best reseller in the game
resell these shoes by the end of the day
so challenges him I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna do it they're gonna be sold Omaha
I'm not your girl scream hey who wants
to buy these package
me ask about I'll give you a special
deal summer's over now we bring in the
heat yeah what you want like if they
detain me to put a number up
in the block
yeah got it thank about wallet the way
hey I told you on your girl's favorite
guys let me let me tell you your girl's
favorite is always here for you alright
is on the way I gave him this ring
because he's got me through a lot of
tough times and not only
the only reason I'm into sneakers is
because of human JC amen
thank you let's show him the ring he
gave me a warrior's championship ring oh
my God look at those from the one you
got on though so we rivals then right we
could be friends thank you
hi guys so we just closed off our line
automatically ciao 77
all of a sudden that subscribe to ethnic
firm there you go my boy card is giving
me the cannons best sneaker you say
thank you thank you
expires at Paris about Nakajima
take them out
Wow
yeah
vlogs over I didn't make it thank you
very your just beat us back keep getting
eliminated in the games man I'm done no
more basketball vlogging yo that was
comedy though it's the replay guys
instant replay next time just stay away
from the court so I am walking around
right now trying to see if I want to buy
anything I got a few things on my mind
but I want to really get the Kyrie
Kobe's the Bruce Lee's whatever they're
called would you say happy birthday
thank you bro thank you what'd you say
where Diggy said oh no I know geese is
over here bitch get catch the one male
hashtag wait he want to be in the vlog
all son oh there you go all of a sudden
fam I like that look what I see I one of
the booths hold on
brought that shirt in the market guess
who just pulled up to sneaker con xxx
ten-chan or whatever his name is brush
so good that you came to sneaker con
breast yeah you might be the thumbnail
for today for a Loki apocalypse I will
so you think you found them y'all this
might be the size 8 is that size it Oh
how much
you tax in my boy just got him on goal
for freaking three - what'd he say -
forty three hundred three hundred you
can do three hundred he won't budge he
wants 320 Oh check it out
Thank You penny it's a pleasure to help
you bro thank you thank you so basically
I asked penny to find me a size 10 paper
max off-white he had a size what eight
and a half you have any size swap day
with him and then I'm buying it off a
penny so thank you all right guys so we
just wrapped up sneaker con atl so much
you love today we did things a little
bit different and I loved it because not
only did we get to hang out with you
guys but I got to walk around and hang
out with you guys so instead of doing
the line the whole time we ended the
line at 4 p.m. so we had 4 hours of just
straight Meetup
you know selling the merch and you know
doing all that and then we got to walk
around I still took pictures and you
know you did all that stuff but we were
able to walk around get some content for
you guys and just just enjoy it so I
think that's what i'ma do from now on is
just oh yeah so we just pranked Ahmed
and gm2 cuz we had a some homies in the
hallway that we said what's up to in
there like yo let's go prank
our kitchen
the children
sacred fire kicks I really want a
picture big fan
okay my first pick up orange is my
favorite color
got the supreme Orange Air Force two's
these are pretty dope I didn't think I'd
like these in person but I mean oh comes
with a little supreme tag is this real I
don't know if discover that comes with
the shoe or not and then I've been
wanting these right here since I first
saw images of these and these remind me
of the McLemore sixes which is a grail
of mine and these are coming out soon
but I heard they're kind of limited
they're going for a very high amount but
I was able to get them today for my size
size 10 the box is freaking sick so so
dope and from what I've heard there's
only 5,000 pairs of these I could be
wrong my people over at restock Chicago
you know I messed with restocked Chicago
that's where we had our pop up for the
tour and they got these early so I had
to pick them up just bra look at that
these are the SNL Jordan sixes this is
inspired by the jacket he wore during
his opening monologue of SNL that green
jacket with the little quilted quilted
satin right here this is gonna crease
like a like no like no there's no
tomorrow's gonna crease and I know that
and I really want the jacket too so ya
have to get these okay and they're my
last pickups we've finally pulled the
trigger
you saw me buy the shout out to penny
for making that transaction happen Oh
curse you used to talk about the vapor
mixers you know your boy rubber but I
don't care to me
I got him I fell in love with them and
now I like them so they look nice
these no just vapor messes in general
well you tried them on at the event and
you said they were whatever I walk up
and down and I the bubble was too much
I'm like they're cool but they're not
like I was comparing them to booze and I
was like it's not the same I thought
that was the next like generation that
they were trying to do and like they're
not as comfortable as booze but now when
I see people wearing them the way that
these style of I'm like oh this looks
sick yeah no they're super super
comfortable and not more than not
somewhat cool
boost you can wear boost all like I wore
boost all day today my feet are good but
if I were to wear Jordon all day my feet
would have hurt after like 3-4 hours and
that's just the truth these are here I
feel like you can wear these all day and
your feet won't hurt I think you should
get a pair so those are my sneaker con
pickups I don't know what the plan is
but we're probably gonna go eat and then
link up with everybody and play mafia
again because that game is so freakin
fun but I had tons of fun shout out to
everybody at sneaker kana and lana
shoutout to everybody who keeps it real
in the sneaker community you know i'm
saying we out here
