so we asked you guys to ask us some
questions on Twitter and instead of just
giving you guys a regular Q&A we decided
to switch it up a little bit so what we
did is haven't answered the questions
and then I answered the questions and
we're gonna have to guess each other's
answers and see what we get the most
points in the win and we got swagger to
be here to ask us the questions alright
let's go ahead and get it started let's
go at that kid underscore quick says
what's both your favorite sneakers right
now guys favorite sneaker I'm gonna have
to go ahead with what the MVP Kobe's
it's gonna what - code me oh the soccer
ones yeah I'm gonna go with the true
blue threes ding ding ding that's
correct which one are you wear the next
day we decided to choose the video that
we were both doing together
I'm gonna go with I love your daughter I
love your app yet daughter go boy - now
- that was a fun one I would say just
from the response I'm gonna say it's
working any trends I think that was the
daughter while he was at home for -
Rinna yeah and that Cooper - yeah at
assassinated zero if you can't visit one
place and live there forever somewhere
would it be
Paris
you can't do down to Germany
I'm sure eyes die sighs I'm gonna say
goodbye that's a cool second yeah for
the record that I am my dad was born in
Pakistan my mom was born again senso but
I was born here there's a few things
that I get certain shoes that you go oh
give me you gotta okay I called the art
of this many time it's okay you hate
that I do yeah all right guys we shake
guys hates when I wear lab run t-shirt
in Jordan you can't mix those two that's
like anywhere in Kobe Jordan nobody does
because they're not comparable but
LeBron and Jordan are your choice in
women
okay boys this is a double chance bar
I've been really quiet about this know
my favorite white girl I should have put
my Lear Knights his is easy I said
unless he changed it up just to be rude
Mila Kunis I want to change my answer he
got it right I got it like don't like
anymore so I'll go with Neela goodness
with Mila Kunis if he watches Mallika
never counted on you were you meanie cuz
we booby both suffering from both suffer
from success and there's followers but I
can you do video than via follower you
know yeah it's new slaves but I'm gonna
be too basic for you I'm gonna go it's
Holy Grail yeah actually we get one last
meal would be a nice hollow turkey bacon
burger from
yeah
maybe it's a comedy movie and actually
if you go to my bed right now in my room
upstairs between two but I'm gonna go a
little bit old-school
I'm have to go dark night I know my
French boy thanks I appreciate it so I
movie okay
keep your head up and keep it up we got
potential
hey cool right yeah where you at
thank you guys for the questions thank
you guys and we're coming at Virginia
Washington DC the whole DMV area with
Department of Motor Vehicles yeah we're
coming to the DMV
better wait in line for us of the DA
more info in the thing below all right
boy
