you looping it you swoop it
Cerrano and we made a pit stop in
Modesto it is the hens day of Ramadan
mr11 night of town are we okay well
we're in Modesto we came over here to
spend the day with Harris okay
I always love having fan out here gonna
break fast and right now we just cruisin
around the mall wasting time so let's
have some fun
the video it's a it's a video is that
not a picture what is what is this thing
doing is it videotape me we're my
supposed to look there's nothing
flashing hey dude hey what's up man yeah
man you're gonna eat that ice cream yeah
oh yeah
what are your predictions going in to
eat this ice cream save me a bite show
my glory time with the other dog when
you're like don't be like me I can't
we're trying to waste some more time so
we bust it out
Cameron show to the paintball gun ten
minutes until we can eat Harris just
came through with the fire from Milano's
pizza and Modesto so the first bite oh
geez
would it be awkward if I tell you I'm
obviously attracted to you no no no I
can actually
- I don't know what happened so we just
wrapped up eating chilling 2k tournament
and all that we're gonna finish our day
off with some yogurt let's get some
yo-yo dances back another day of Ramadan
what is a day 15 for Jay the 16th of
taraweeh day 15 yeah me Harrison my best
friend cam cam camera we're shooting
right now wasting the day I think it's
their house or something
hey just left tomorrow we still got two
hours time's going by slower than a
crackhead on the street oh god you're
gonna hit your head
the three thousand people that are gonna
watch this care so we might be I can't
wait
if dog yep on you already know
basketball in the world
my food is so good as this food is on
die right now
yeah you wish you had that cut you wish
you had that fine
chicken hey shut up the caisson dam will
not appreciate that mother so good
always amazing one more person I wanna
shout out hey I appreciate the Diablo
non for life we just got back in Toronto
and then with the American flag
