hey yo what's up look that's what's up
you know I'm saying thanks for watching
so I just gathered my things
I'm leaving to Toronto in a couple hours
for the sparker talent event if you
didn't know coming to Toronto but I
wanted to do this video to show you guys
when I'm packing for my trip I did it
when I did the Stockton event and I
don't know if people liked it or not but
I'm gonna do it again because I want to
show you guys so let's go ahead and get
us started first off got a nike KD bag
then it got dirty because I went to
Vegas last week and it's got a little
fridge for me
so put my little drinks in there let's
start off with the shoes diamond supply
/jasper with the zippers on the back the
reason why I'm taking these is because
it's snowing out there and I want to
wear something that's nice and something
that I don't care really about getting
dirty because originally people were
telling me about the weather is crazy so
I don't want to wear these out here out
there because I don't want to get them
dirty because they're too white and
because you haven't warm yet but these
are retro 11 Jordans if you didn't know
and I was gonna wear these but like I
said any trying to get them dirty if
your Jordan fan or if you're a sneaker
head and you know I'm talking about it's
not worth it but then you know I did I'm
like it's just a shoe why not but then
it's a damn snowstorm you do the math
only going for three days so I'm not
taking much a long sleeve diamond life
shirt hashtag diamond supply if you
didn't know Odin filled hook me up with
some gear so I'm gonna be rockin the
criminal tee out there from the criminal
cm collection so I'm gonna be rocking
this out there probably wear this on the
way back so I could be comfy the
galaxies just do it Nike shirt this
one's kind of weird it's like a hmm it's
a short sleeve shirt but it's got a like
a long neck so it kind of dangles down
and then
pocket which I really like that you
can't really see can't go wrong target 9
bucks my favorite show going up Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles I had to get it
only 10 bucks 9 books whatever I'm gonna
be rockin the camos and black jeans
that's it because I'm only going for 2 3
days so that's good enough for me
I'm gonna be rockin the sweater probably
to the event it's from H&M and the lady
at the register said that Justin Bieber
has the same one because she saw it in
the picture and SWY P I didn't know what
it stood for but she said a stands for
so what's your problem huh yeah
baseball maroon jacket is pretty cool I
had to get the the sickest jacket I
could get this jacket was originally 300
bucks from Express but I got it for 60
bucks because they were doing like a
clearance sale because nobody wears this
crap in Cali but it's super dope pea
coat / poofy jacket this is removable
and I'm pretty sure this is gonna keep
me super warm and I really like it yeah
that's pretty much it I'm getting ready
to go leaving in a few hours and Toronto
people I'll see you guys there and I
love you
