I want to start this video off by saying
two things 1 i'm kind of sick so my
voice is raspy and my nose is plugged
too i want to thank everybody who
watched my videos in 2012 thank you to
everyone who subscribed thank you for
everyone who supported thank you for
everybody you hate it I appreciate every
single one of you and I promise you 2013
is going to be 10 times better than 2012
and now it's time to get this damn video
started let us begin shall we at la la
is the name 13 asks best memory of 2012
I don't know what was the best memory
there's so many I mean there's good
memories but there's not one that sticks
out right away I'll get back to you on
that one at violet double underscore sky
asks who was your favorite 2012 youtuber
I'm either gonna have to go with Timothy
DeLaGhetto or the Dominic show which is
Dominic who actually inspired my twenty
faces video a draw mean underscore s13
asks the most haram thing you've done in
2012 hashtag confession time I'm gonna
change up his question a little bit the
most the wrong thing i've done that i
can actually speak about on this video i
think it's gonna have to be eating a
candy with gelatin in it
it was an accident well not really but
at mejia as what do you regret the most
what I regret the most is that I feel
like I didn't work as hard as I could
have I feel like I really slacked off
and I let things distract me 2012 that
shouldn't have really distracted me and
I lost focus at my lead underscores
Allah asks what was your most awkward
moment of 2012 my whole life is awkward
I feel like I'm just an awkward person I
think every single moment of my life is
awkward at k NEX DNT asks shout out to K
nice if you could go back any day of the
year and change what you did that day
what day would it be I will probably go
back today and charge my camera because
it's dying right now so I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to finish this video
at sharifa asked what exactly did you do
on 12 2112 end of the world yeah I got a
little scared at one point because I
heard some beeping but it was actually
just a microwave telling me my pizza was
warmed up so I was pretty much it add
Sophia underscore 510 asks what's the
most craziest thing you've done in 2012
the craziest thing I'd done fart in the
video at Rashida 786 asked how you like
in LA do you miss the Bay Area I'm
liking la alive I've always wanted to
live out there and I finally am living
out there it's pretty cool still early
so we'll see what happens as far as the
career goes as far as missing the berry
of course I mr. berry all my family's
here I really don't know anybody in LA
so when I come out here I get see
everybody I can play basketball with
everybody I get to shoot with everybody
we'll see man I'm in LA for now but I
right now I'm in the bay but I'm living
in LA right now so we'll see what
happens when 2013 comes around at
supergirl underscore 510 asks what were
your favorite Quixote videos this year
my favorite video of the year is
definitely the pay phone parody because
it was our biggest hit of all time and
it's almost at nine hundred thousand
views so if you haven't seen it it's
right here you can click this little
video right here and tell of the hundred
thousand people to watch it so we can
finally reach a million views on one
video goddamn it took forever I sort of
God I'll do anything you ask me so
whatever you guys want me to do when we
reach your mill i will make a video and
I will do that if you want me to jump
into a pool naked you want me to jump
off of a building you'll meet a streak
at a target anything you guys want write
it in the comment box below and I will
do that in a video that's the view at H
Karim Ian asks best song of 2012 best
song of 2012 has to be most annoying is
more like it haha right off the bat if I
had to pick one I would probably either
go with mercy lamborghini mercy
definitely a llamar Oh Gina asks what
have you learned from this year I've
learned that if you sit around and do
nothing nothing's gonna happen that I
really actually learned that this year I
pretty much reminded myself that this
year and I'm gonna take that and make
sure I focus in 2013
for sure at hello hasiba asks when was
the last time you laid a fort I think we
all remember when that was
come
