we're wondering how much is it how long
for a table for two that's a long time I
have to go beat you up now I say we come
back we'll be back this will be under
beans not that mad man venous drainage
better than Batman oh I've got to hide
tis the season to be Batman felonies
hockey socks outside Batman don't need
of I pain everybody knows that I'm in
insane hello holidays from Wayne in
Batman thank you very much for the
nation bah Happy Holidays Happy Holidays
little village ladies happy holidays
madam shirt I have the same one in
purple yeah everybody loves babies on
the naughty list how are you madam he's
on the naughty ever we have somebody
over here how are you man I'm being how
are you Batman nicely I said Freddy
Krueger yeah don't give him the bad guy
everybody Bruce Wayne is Batman oh he
died I'm not lying I saw his suit at his
house Brenda by you left it on your bed
like a little man just a rumor you're
very large I would love manny pacquiao
right now hey that's my hat Batman but
you forget
I was wondering do guys have like a
blender or something a blood no cuz I I
can't be through this that's okay well
here's will have to go to see us better
understand okay thank you
look
the things you into sitting inside
waiting haha I do that body
are you doing hello wondering about man
was here okay this house under your
Batman was looking today I heard he was
working Batman oh maybe I should use his
real name that everybody should know by
now his name is Bruce Wayne I'm waiting
on you Allen getting you out another
celebration I said a celebration I know
you are you hi how are you doing today
um I was wondering if Batman was working
today the wood Batman is he working
today I will he views his real name
because he goes by Bruce Wayne do you
guys have like a blender that if I get
something you can blend it for me now we
have a public movies and I'm welcome
papi frappe um ok this is Bruce working
today by any chance is Bruce working by
any chance today I bet me they're
calling out and okay I'm gonna move oh
good good did it hurt did it hurt when
you fell from heaven no I did not hurt I
was wondering is there any way we can
blend these cookies so as you can see I
have something on my face I don't know
if you can see it from here but I
appreciate taking it's a little bit
harder to eat sometimes did it hurt by
any chance okay did you hurt by any
chance when you fell from heaven no so
do you really work for Santa oh no no
percentages you've got the Hat okay you
guys you have a great day how are you
how are you happy holidays
I see why you're doing that that's why I
was all you got still can't lend it for
me I can't it's right there's like so
many holes you know then saying I was
wondering um why was seven or eight of
eight why was seven afraid of 87 Sasha's
she got it that's amazing come here babe
when I get you
that's a wrap Thank You MTV think I'm
gonna be checking out crib out um you
have to go home but you've got to get
the record is it true this is the new
Batman really is
haha
