yo what is good everybody your boy out
here in Atlanta finally fighting you
know magic city on a bun it's the first
time we went to a sneaker conant we
didn't fly together
I know lonely misty man we're gonna go
check out the sneaker Con convention
because it's attached to our hotel we're
gonna go maybe set up and then we're
gonna get the day started
it's pretty late I land it at 10:00 a.m.
I didn't get to my hotel until 11:30 and
then fire kicks have been here since
what like 5:00 a.m. 6:00 so I took a nap
woke up around 3:00 finished editing the
vlog posted it and now we are getting
our day started Tony lives in LA so we
got to go to Tony's crib in LA Atlanta
Tony lives in Atlanta yeah
Thank You G this is what you've been
talking about brah Sunday we going
through the aquarium I can just picture
Jim on the flight the whole way so when
we go to the aquarium can we do this can
we do this here we do this the crew will
make your dreams come true all right
guys we are your dream crew crap protect
there's no products in oh wait I found
some products what are these oh these
are the laces I don't even have the
laces I need some of these we out here
Atlanta venue is lit I don't know why
there's a basketball court there but
we're gonna go over there and find out
let's go find out why there's a
basketball court you're looking like
it's gonna be a good sinker con tomorrow
all right wait wait look Tony just got
his new whip right here fresh car smell
boy bro we went in YouTube money I Drive
fast what you mean no I don't I Drive
hella fast
I've been Wilding in my car don't lie
you've been had an Okie you odd but Tony
thank you so much for that drillin and a
scary over your street
oh my god dang good All American Muscle
I'll try to make it the sneaker gone
tomorrow
hi guys so we are checking out Tony's
apartment and his apartment is like
triple the size of mine but since I
freakin live in LA the price is like I
pay like triple what he pays but this
apartment is freaking sick I would die
to have something like this I might have
this nice move to Atlanta bruh looking
for me but check out this freaking like
bruh this setup he has 3 screens and
then the laptop and then literally he
just has to click any one of these
buttons ok like go back so left I want
to go on Instagram click the Instagram
and it pops up right there right there
he has like a little sub count thing how
do you change it to YouTube
Wow I need to get that for sure
oh we can record a track in here huh and
you know what beat is good the one that
all the youtubers are using is uh
grizzly song yeah oh yeah so guys
there's been a lot of lot of like
negative stuff coming towards my way
from like the underground sneaker
community I want to say this no not this
song these niggas preying on my downfall
that's a low key pony just finally been
waiting like a month for these finally
got my first pair of psycho knees
talking and talking in my bed that's bad
for the culture if I say wrong ok no for
a shout-out to Tony gave me my first
pair of sake knees this is just collab
joints right there
sighs can I shown you guys these before
when we were in LA at my crib but I
finally got my size 10 so I'm gonna be
wearing these very very soon
yeah we're just chilling at the crib
right now everybody's over here oh Sh
axe in the buildin Shack yo what up Shaq
alright guys so for today's video I kind
of wanted to talk about a new sneaker
that made headlines like two days ago -
three days ago the remix of the Zeo to
afford the Zeo one even comes out so
basically the first
Lonzo ball sneaker and the big ball of
brand I already made a video about their
shoe and you know that she look like
maybe that he liked he put it into one
yeah we didn't hate him for it but like
it was just like I hated it at first
until he kind of explained it then as it
makes sense because that's what I kind
of do with my merch so I can't be a
hypocrite but
what why still in bro and that still
still in sat down with us we're about a
talk so but I'll talk about the co2
remix yeah this is easy yeah so
basically hold on you're going on my
phone they'd be really obviously I'm
gonna pop some images on the screen but
they're really Singh they're not even
really Singh it before they even
released the first one there they cancel
it and they remade of a new version of
it that actually is
looks like original but then it's not
original because it looks like a sneaker
from brand black now if you guys don't
know what brand black is I believe it is
it just strictly basketball shoes or no
I don't know too much oh yeah actually
have a black sneaker do you yeah do you
have one that that's inspired by it do
you have that one I know brand black
strictly only because of Nightwing
that's the only reason why I know brand
black and that's not even know about
brands like it's like a very low-key I
guys yeah it's up-and-coming brand it's
not it's no dish this is no dish no
shots fired but it's not as established
as Adidas and Nike obviously okay
basically it sounds like we're at a
house party we came to walk in the room
basically oh yeah Jamal Crawford oh yes
but they've been low top version okay
now we can just use this for the
thumbnail people will think it's the
same shoe this is a brand black sneaker
so the new zo2 as well as mellows for a
shoe I don't know it's called the mellow
which I bought I don't know I don't
think it's called that but they made a
picture of it but basically I bought
that one cuz I wanted to do a review and
I wanted to test those out but basically
though both those sneakers look like
brand black sneakers I think the mid
soles are the same I don't think it's
this model actually sock I think it's
that one that Nightwing made like night
means actual shoe or signature yeah I
don't know when I first saw it I was
like yo that looks dead ass like the
brand black sneaker I've seen but then I
actually watched Nightwing's video Billy
dil and David Rice of brand Black has
actually created a separate design
consultancy and that entity is working
alongside the big baller brand you know
about that did you watch it
I didn't watch about know what you're
talking about everybody's talking about
it I don't know if it's the owners or
designers for brand black but they have
been helped
big baller brand remake the zero twos
and create mellow shoe so it's not like
they ripped it off because it's their
own products you know what I mean so
they're working with some designers
exactly okay either designers or owners
or whatever it is and then I found out
that brand black is owned by Skechers so
plot twist where the BBB VP's of our
sketches but that's not true like it's
really hard when you want to trying to
go solo like this it's because Nike and
Adidas like that's how much copyright
stuff like there's no I feel like this
is all you can do like it makes sense
they're going to a brand that doesn't
have a copyright material really like
whether it's like the way the threading
is or the outs or anything like that
they have to go to a generic place to
make a shoe yeah like it cuz you can't
he can't put boots and you can't plenty
of Nike technology in it like you really
can't put any of the high performance
stuff in it you could just put like the
general like what you can pick from like
is available to everybody what are you
saying exactly is true because like for
us the sample we try to go make a shoe
haven't showed you guys but I had the
sample in the room we made a sample
sample industry shoe but when you go on
from that you have to when you make sure
you have to make it like they give you
templates of a certain type of sole
runners if you want your own upper you
need to make over 100,000 pairs to make
your own upper if you're not making more
than a certain amount of limit you
cannot custom my full II customize your
shoe today so Nike and then they're
dropping like a Jordan father a new
Jordan they're making they're not good
the factories know they're gonna make
over a hundred thousands of pairs but in
different colorways but the model itself
yeah like if you was to go buy make a
sneaker and you go into like something
like website from China you would see
like Jordan forward know with no type of
logos on in the shape and everything you
know our adidas like they had Easy's on
there like they had like the basic of
the world
the silhouette yeah so like it has a lot
to do with like you know how people make
them like the fakes
yeah the people that make those two
factories various is
cuz I just feel like you just like a
template like oh I have a shoe in there
that we made and the bottom is is very
similar to that of the Balenciaga sole
we try to change it they told us in
order for us to change it we have to
make over like ten thousand pairs it was
breaking apart the herd yeah oh another
thing I always see things always like yo
I can't play in this yeah I need
something better like oh yeah he went
back and I'm like IV I need a better
basketball shoes I think that's why they
reached out to this brand that actually
makes performance or ladies like yo I
need something to actually play and not
just yeah it looks good now I don't know
if they reached out or brand black
reached out or whatever it happened but
I think it was the best decision I think
they did a good job with linking with
them because they're making actual
performance basketball shoes I'm
actually like both of them I like the
mellows and I like the lonzo's I think
they both look dope even though they do
look similar to regular brand black
sneakers it's better to have a face to
shoe than just have the regular shoe
I always approved and supported them
going on their own try and do something
different even that's so sick in high
school that he did his own thing like
only said hearts got even think of that
like yeah he's doing his own thing I
just feel like it's it's pushing their
culture forward push it is doing
something different today that's why you
get a lot of hate and that's what the
ego gets ups and down they're gonna get
learn from it but hopefully in the next
couple years it becomes pretty dope
they're like also that on one thing
that's different from this is usually
when you're in high school or even in
college you can't really sign with those
big name companies here like a legal
yeah yeah I don't know how it's working
but the fact that he's what his dad I
don't know if it's a loophole I still
don't the dad annoys me you know I'm
saying 50 wins what you out your mind
50-plus wins you must be what brand
black what am I getting my own shoe let
me know how that your boy called me but
anyway yeah that's what I wanted to talk
about in this so I think we we did good
more more talks on Tony's couch you know
say that's the time alright we
going back to the living room to go
watch more YouTube videos way to geese
at down
I know geese is over here bitch
alright guys we just played mafia with
everybody it was crazy was an intense if
you've never played Google mafia I don't
know if will come up or not but it will
oh yeah
mafia the game it's freaking hella fun
gets intensity out here you know
shout out to Tony for hosting us all
tonight many speakers would probably
hate us right now
ponies neighbors hate us shout-out to
Shaq for holding down the fort
it's 1:00 a.m. 1:30 a.m. I need to eat
brother like buy the hotel swaggy
I get pressured every time you say what
else I'm like what am I gonna say
alright guys so we just got back to the
room at his super dark but it was good
vibes today at Tony's apartment and if
you didn't know cuz you missed out we
decided for this week's online drop
which was today Friday we dropped the 3m
bomber jackets now you're probably
wondering why did I drop them online
when that was supposed to be a tour
exclusive the reason we drop them online
is because we have been getting a lot of
requests to drop it online because
people who can't attend the tour don't
have access to it I understand that and
then they sold out in like ten minutes I
don't know if we are gonna make more to
release at the rest of the tour stops
but at the moment we are completely sold
out of the jackets we do have I think we
have ten that are available to tomorrow
for sneaker con Atlanta those ones we
didn't throw online that one is gonna be
for Atlanta
next week is the finale of the month
drop so basically next Friday September
29th at 6 p.m. which is my tenure
anniversary on YouTube we are dropping
the dream crew 10-year anniversary
collection as well as the dream crew
necklace is the first ever dream crew
necklace is going online and if you want
it make sure you copy it there's only a
hundred of them provide a call it a
night start editing this vlog and
tomorrow sneak econo Atlanta it should
be fun
I'm interested to see how it goes
because last year I was busy with the
hoops classic this year we get to enjoy
him and just meet you guys hang out and
have a good day and there's a half quart
in there this time so I might have to
play somebody one-on-one for a pair of
sneakers we'll see using that crap life
G yes sir
you know got to get my sneakers and all
nice and clean for tomorrow 2:10 enough
sometimes I'm a easy sometimes I'm in my
vans
damn your van stomm oh yeah
the revised
