I'm actually leaving San Francisco for
my event in Stockton California and I'm
very excited and I'm losing my boys but
I just farted that is the highlight of
this V log so you can start watching
them thanks for watching guys doing in
later just picked up the homie Jose yeah
p Hamid your keys vamanos don't like wow
we just got to UOP with little frat
houses and all that good stuff oh wow
showtimes and link it out in 15 minutes
but we don't go on until an hour after
it starts him plus you know we haven't
practiced our skin but we know what we
want to do that's how QP lifestyle is
you know right all right you guys saw on
the keyboards give it to him alright
till he figures it out we requested you
have high demands when it comes to
events I'm gonna quested our own room
right here so they gave us this big hall
with to channel the two pianos yeah we
call them we need oh here we go
iron losses you go solo piano hello okay
Harris has his own piano channel to give
them the shoutout
music as you can see ya understand I
feel if you don't you don't think it's
gonna give you
okay so I want to ask them to be a
question what was the winner for sure
close to him mokena what's our most
viewed video that is GOP OPA oh yeah we
just showing me that she's got back from
Travis got back in tirana you know this
is taking pictures hey what's your
problem man you'll be in the V log yeah
nice i thank you what's up what's up say
what's up what's up so you gonna be on
my second Channel right crew TV holla
that girl right there give a rose they
say hi say what's up so I like she got
the autograph t-shirts a flower the crew
shirt yeah yeah just wrap the Puffin
gotta just like she's gotten a
corruption right it was a cool event you
know the crowd was cool champion
but it's become vice kid of that will
smith thing from kind of like okay you
go house get the one play my memory
overall great event great crowd like the
the skid came out perfect the crew
shirts are gone people were going crazy
over them i'm so happy with everything
and thank you guys everybody that came
out for UOP and and if you guys want us
to come to a city near you you know what
to do airport security asked me if I
knew where the exits worth of emergency
exits and I asked their wide and she's
like because we're going to follow you
because of your socks it's the brightest
thing in the airport
just got back from Turks and Caicos our
lat Davila only make it out with nope so
I just landed in LA and look who's so
generous enough to pick me up from the
airport you really didn't have to Mike I
don't really I don't
f is this us
