so look I'm back in San Francisco for a
few days
I just land it it's like 8:00 a.m. super
early flight I was so tired but we're
here I'm a me on set right now should be
filming and think practicing we got here
is playing Batman right now isn't that
sick he's just flying what you guys say
we watch the Giants game right now three
three I don't know what eighth-inning
means but I really don't even know
what's going on right now so I out here
just you know check me through my closet
if Giants win they win the World Series
and I don't care but I'm gonna go with a
parade oh yeah number 12 the white
Howard on the shirt got my camo pants on
just in case they let him know they
can't see me and the Lakers you know and
I'm just chillin right now but I wanted
to say something you know there's some
things that are out of our power in this
world like the hurricane sandy on the
East Coast so you know to all my East
Coast people that are going through some
stuff right now you know we're praying
for you
thank you you too where's those
elephants they got wake up in the
morning and be happy
so you know I'm a bandwagon fan so I
mean Jose if I go to San Francisco for
the Giants parade it's Halloween I got
my Batman mask we don't know how to get
there so we're just gonna follow all the
people in orange hopefully they're only
just to the wrong place you know we
don't mean trying to go to the wrong
parade if you know what I'm saying just
running into people at the on the way to
the right no that's not it
what am i doing I don't know let's see
start a riot
the frisco got off the the jet private
jet trying friends all over the seat
soon because everyone's on waxing right
now follow the names you get praise on
Market Street so everyone's a mess right
now
this isn't the end of the Freid where is
he
where is it my boy console more but boy
Jose
you get not a nice seat
looking for bad guys crazy
where's babe
a little cottage so we sanded the leave
right now
mr. natural prey but it was still fun a
lot of people needed to go back to
Fremont so you know we left the parade a
little early because it was too hectic
and too many illegal substances being
blowing yeah too much of that going on
Timoney yeah I felt really dirty but
we're about to go eat right now ten
years old driving a car how old are you
Ted over here you know my friend
Ashley's house friends and you know
instead they got a little Halloween just
about that time for trick-or-treating oh
look at all this mumbo-jumbo and over
here you can see my pumpkin oh yeah
Toby I think the Kobe logo in mind get
the Minnie Mouse over here
little alien all right guys so I'm at
the airport and my flight was delayed an
hour so I'm just chillin at SFO got my
Pinkberry I go in on this with the
strawberries and mochi in the water Mon
going back to LA now for a few for about
a week I'll be back next week for an
event in Stockton
and it's interview our third event and I
got it like right this group for that
too and you that all Bob to this is
probably gonna be one of my like
favorite V logs and it's cool man the V
logs art or some Portland guest adage
aboard Cody yeah like I like going to be
loves cuz it's fun it's not just for for
you guys I do it but I also do it
because like I like to look back I
didn't see things you know a picture
school could tell a thousand words or is
it a million I don't know pictures are
cool what videos are cool because like
you can see the lives good times and all
that stuff so I'll see you guys in LA
and it's all my enemies I see me then
got right now see me again grab right
now see me game grab right now it's all
of my hoes
