happy Halloween everyone as you can see
I've got my halloween costume on I'm
Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story this is
actually my costume from last year but
you know I just pulled out of the closet
I wear it every once in a while when I
want to feel her awake let's get it
started I took to my Twitter and I asked
you guys a Halloween type question i
asked you guys what's the scariest thing
that's ever happened to you first off we
got at salma ray seeing my mom angry and
a slipper or a wooden spoon or anything
solid in her hand that is scary at home
he loved said getting pushed and
trembled at the drake concert last year
at sjsu i was actually there with her
and it was crazy I thought we were gonna
get killed come on drizzy don't do it
please don't do it ah la la is the name
13 says Darius thing when there was a
knock at the door in my aunts house in
the middle of the night there was no one
there add chiffon be said watch it at
age 12 came home walking to my rooms on
my bro standing behind the door with the
clown nose cried I've never watched it
but I think I'm gonna watch it because a
few people tweeted me about that movie I
don't like scary movies at all like the
last game movie I saw it was like
Paranormal Activity one it wasn't that
bad I ran out the theater though ah
Casey sod says my mom hiding in my room
I was walking past she jumped out rock
with a hockey mask on i fell to the
floor
shout out to your mom that's that's
pretty funny ah so may underscore a s
says this one time Twitter was down it
was the scariest thing ever he can only
imagine how would I tweet at this doula
my homing says an encounter with you top
scary things I can't get off the speaker
book at AFG bieber shout out to the
greatest twitter name of all time the
lion king song scares the crap out of me
add sadabs eda says the scariest thing
was when i was reading at the table and
my bro came under the table and scared
me I fell down with the chair come on
now how can you honestly fall for that
bow I really honestly like all your
guys's responses it was really funny
most of the stuff you guys treated me
was like pranks and things like that
there wasn't actually like ghost stories
which I was expecting when I was younger
something that would scare me every
single time this would happen is when my
cousins would talk about ghost stories
and and little things that happened to
them and I don't know if they're making
it up or was true but I used to go home
and I used to be so scared I would sleep
next to my mom until I was like 19 but I
guess you know what it's all fun and
it's all just you know things that
people enjoy and scary movies and all
that crap anyway guys have a great
halloween be safe out there
trick-or-treating older people who drive
safely um party hard but drive safely
younger people enjoy your candy don't
eat too many you don't rock them teeth
Batman got anything any advice for the
trick-or-treaters are the people for
halloween out there I should just check
out my new video world's most
interesting Middle Eastern if you like
that press that like button
Ewing might be a second for my phone if
you dare commercials you were happy from
there take it easy guys happy homie
coming what do you guys think has the
better halloween costume Mia's buzz
lightyear or Batman as a woman comment
down below
