what's up got ah alright that's better
once again we have come across another
beautiful sunday and you have come
across another crew TV Sunday video you
know what the drill is I asked you guys
on my twitter at chi solmar if you were
elected president what would you change
for your country and I did this question
because you know what it fits in with
what's going on right now you got the
presidential debates in the election
coming up so you know I thought it was
very necessary our first response was
some at Ashley sherfield who said we
would wear pink on Wednesdays Thank You
Ashley let's wear pink ah zahara
underscore 280 says I would make it so
people have to learn about other
cultures religion can't be tolerant
without knowledge I think this is a good
idea because I think I feel like a lot
of people do judge when they don't know
like when they see me with a beard they
assume I'm a terrorist at sharifa a
couple days ago was actually sure if his
birthday too she happen to mention that
in one of the 50 tweets you sent me so
happy birthday to you and thank you and
I love you okay although I'm against
marijuana legalized it anyway but tagsta
s.h.i.t out of it and it could be a
booming new industry for us I don't
smoke marijuana but you know what I
guess you can legalize it and make money
off of it cuz that's what people do they
love to make money off of things I don't
think the day will come or they will
legalize marijuana somewhere and as you
in Amsterdam you know I'm Sam at harissa
Mohammad he says no taxes unless you're
a millionaire with the little winky face
think this is a good idea cuz i hate tax
I hate having to do taxes I don't even
do a might give them to someone to do
for me come on now tax tax
aa-are ranson one says give QP its own
production company in studio and channel
then invest in feeding the hungry
usually I don't like a sucka but i'm
gonna let it slide because that sounds
like a really really important really
good beneficial thing that can be done
for this world not just this country for
this world at mass abdul we said free
chipotle for everyone this is by far the
greatest tweet i have ever received free
chipotle for everyone that is the
greatest law that needs to be approved
a.s.a.p alright our last response from
ad underscore Mary Mary MK who says pull
the truth back from Afghanistan and
generally stop starting words with other
countries and lower gas prices both
things that I agree with I don't like
work I'm not trying to die why can't we
just all get along why can't all the con
why we have to fight its 2012 there's no
need to fight Batman do you agree if
there is no words you would not be on
the streets every single night Bruce
Wayne and lower gas prices definitely I
say we do like 25 cents a gallon that's
reasonable right all right guys another
sunday is a wrap and seek we will be
back with our hog and do group you're
home boo-boo you bro so make sure you
guys watch that also before i go i just
wanna announce that i got an event
coming up in stockton california it's
gonna be a European stock then I hope to
see all my Northern California people
there even if you got to drive 30
minutes an hour if you're Modesto if
you're in san fran fremont oakland um
Tracy if you're around the area come I
promise you we're gonna we're gonna shut
the show down sayonara guys I love you
guys whatever and um chef deuces
