maybe he without me is like it's like a
Capri Sun without the straw it's just
useless another beautiful Sunday another
crew TV video I hope you guys having a
great sunday i'm super excited about
today's episode not only because i asked
a really cool question because i'm a big
announcement at the end but we're gonna
talk about that later the question i
asked this week was who motivates /
inspires you the most and why the first
response i actually got was from my
homeboy Oh be at Oh BMO which he said
twerk team if you don't know what the
twerk team is this is what twerk team is
nice work team is someone that you know
is always inspiring park it don't stop
pop that at asthma Durrani who was
actually a really big GOP fan she said
haters when somebody says that I can't
do something it makes me want to do it
more smiley face I couldn't agree more
with you asthma always gonna be somebody
that's jealous and always gonna be
somebody that's negative and never
understands what the hell you're trying
to do but hey just brush him off and use
them as motivation exactly I just said
what you said it we are on the same page
that's lazy dwayne johnson inspires me
why well I want to look like him when I
go up if your smell what The Rock is
cooking at mass abdol says you cuz
you're just too funny oh how sweet
nobody likes a suck-up okay I'm just
came thank you so much all in Toronto
Lena aka at Lena underscore XO not with
the I with the one at harrahs k15
because he's an amazing person with such
a clean heart with pure intentions and
always going out of his way to help
people for those of you don't know what
Aries K 15 is he's one of my best
friends I couldn't have said it any
better a really good-hearted person
always willing to go out his way for
others puts others before him supports
his family you know I got love for you I
love you to death Harris and I agree
with Lena it's a virtual hug Molly right
here this is for you Harris cool did you
just kiss me at hello hashiba I like
that name Ellen DeGeneres
oh that woman is just unbelievable and
so kind makes everyone love themselves
for who they truly are I love Ellen to
death not because you put me on the show
and if you don't know what I'm talking
about can we see it
I was just a good person and I would
love to meet her one day hopefully too
bad Adam in the contest I'm holding a
grudge against her I love you Ellen and
a lot of other people do too and a lot
of people look up to you so you're not
gonna see this but hey I love you at but
jeet underscores cydia who said you sit
ye CEOs she says my parents their hard
work and dedication to give us the best
opportunities to succeed in life is
inspiring gotta make them proud exactly
that's amazing point you know if it
wasn't for my parents I wouldn't be
right here in front of this computer
screen you guys wouldn't be watching
this if it wasn't for my parents one of
my biggest goals in life is to make them
proud and see them happy and I know I
made them proud already but I want to
see them 10 times happier than they
already are I want to take care of them
like they took care of me add Sabrina
kiss you sent me for tweets continuing
on about her father if she said I
amazing father has achieved so much in
his life even he wonders how he made it
came to Australia at the age of 19 first
I was in the kitchen as a cleaner now 20
years later he is a bank manager one of
the biggest Australian banks the head of
an Afghan counselor Afghan radio an
interpreter and more he is patient
caring hard-working completely selfish
is the best father man person I know god
bless him hope you see this video and I
hope your dad sees this video to see how
much his daughter loves him dad has
achieved so much and hopefully keeps
achieving more Oh shout out to your dad
shout out to all the dads all the moms
all the hard-working pants out there
like I can say here and give you a 20
hour livestream about what why I love my
pants and why they perspire me and why
they motivate me but you know what I
don't think you guys would watch it I
also love inspiring people I hope people
get inspired by me and what I do because
it shows that I like you know I started
from nothing I did this from scratch and
I want you guys to know that anything is
possible before I go I got a huge
announcement I need everyone's attention
do not click away right now okay finish
that comment DJ Drama are having to live
your dream contest I submitted my video
I would really appreciate it if you guys
went on the website with the link that
is in the description below I need you
to create an account it takes less than
a minute like the video and that's it
not only do you just like my video and
help me out but they're gonna pick one
person that likes any video on the
website to win a thousand dollars so not
only
are you helping me out but you can have
a thousand dollars in your pocket
pushing for this really really really
hard I really feel like I could do it
but I need your guys's help don't forget
hashtag he is coming come on what do you
mean you want to do the whole video over
it yeah if that's not your good side
you're looking straight at the camera
how does that not your kid style
