lucky charms I gotta do this super quick
so I'm gonna be going super fast as I
gotta go somewhere I can't tell you
about so um let's go ask you guys a
question on my Twitter a chi sao ma you
got the answer i put your responses in
the video and I talk about what I think
about your responses and I give my own
little response so here we go let's get
it started today's question is who do
you hate and why first up we got at
Sarah mast the be heard because they be
trippin mm-hmm y'all be trippin y'all be
be trippin really ratchet ah sahil Omari
Nicki Minaj she's not the best role
model for young girls growing up you
know what I couldn't agree more with you
she disrespected a very very very very
well respected artist mariah carey can't
disrespect Mariah Carey she doesn't know
how to perform have you seen her life
she sucks at underscore Sarah Kay people
on campus playing ratchet ratchet music
on their phones out loud please wear
some headphones not everybody enjoys the
sending two little Wayne okay I take
offense to that little way in common
because I listen to a little Wayne he is
not ratchet okay but your first comment
there i will agree with it's not the
freaking 60s or 70s on maybe not sending
the 80s with people at boom boxes
walking about the music blasting that
thing up their phones or like this year
and look at me i'm in the grocery line
playing my music because i don't care
about people around me there might be
kids around but my music gets bad words
okay it's my turn okay i'm gonna get
these groceries rangamma uh-huh uh-huh
at San nefeli old xiao xiao de shoutout
she says I hate Justin Bieber because I
think he's gay and he looks like a girl
first of all I love you to death but
let's not use gay as a word to describe
someone that's offensive to gay people
so and I don't have anything against gay
people you can hate Justin Bieber okay
you just can't do it that's jb man at
Selma ray says she hates millionaires I
mean sharing is caring right but no not
to these lot um no she said yeah we can
hit people who are rich but you know
what you should be them as motivation to
be where they're at to get a job and
become a millionaire don't hate on them
last we got Sharif uh nobody because hey
can be a pretty harsh word but I
strongly dislike my next-door neighbor
because they always talk smack this was
the main point I was trying to get out
of this video that hate is a very harsh
word it's a very strong word that
shouldn't be throwing around so much a
lot of the answers were people that they
didn't really know so um that's why they
hated things about them but I'm sure if
they actually met those people and talk
to them they wouldn't hate them because
there's no reason to hate on people that
you don't really know there's no point
to hate on something that you don't
really understand let's love more and
make this world a better place together
let's get a virtual hug going every day
alright guys thank you for watching
again this sunday you know what it is
next sunday i'll be back with another
question i asked it during the week so
make sure you follow me on twitter i got
an event coming up but that's all i'm
gonna tell you cuz I'm not gonna tell
you where it's at and see you guys next
week and don't you hate that noise
