every Sunday I'm gonna upload a new
video discussing a random topic so I'm
gonna be interacting with you guys via
my twitter addict I so more like I did
this past week when i asked you guys the
question what is the most annoying and
the stupidest question anybody has ever
asked you so let's get it started and
with my followers there's something
that's kind of common in a lot of the
questions our first one at real kirby
tweeted me saying in class working on
schoolwork somebody comes up to and says
hey Kirby what are you doing this is
super annoying people come up to me that
I know like in public i'll be like at a
clothing store somebody will come up to
me bleh hey what are you doing here I'll
be like I'm here for swimming lessons at
dream underscore big underscore 99 whoa
well you get cursed if you take your job
ah duh at marry Sean said Mary shot 11
if I shower or sleep with her job one
duh at simply kaalia do you have a
bathroom I can use and her response is
no we pee in the yard see this is very
annoying to be because one of my good
friends I'm not going to mention his
name Jose always asked me if he can use
my bathroom as if I'm going to deny him
access to my bathroom at Mimi Algerine
Gina underscore so I i mispronounce your
name did muslims start a ghetto do-rag
trend from her jobs with the job that's
pretty funny um I would play along with
that question and be like yeah totally
Tupac wears a job now all right this
one's got a funny to meet at lea little
it stuck what what for which for
question is your Afghan are you a
terrorist it just goes together that's
like asking if you want ketchup on your
hot dog you have to you just go it's
like peanut butter and jelly you know
what I'm saying so we shouldn't be
annoyed by that does it look like a
terrorist he's like 10 years old how can
heal honestly terrorize anybody like I
said the beginning I don't know if you
guys noticed it but a lot of the
questions had to do with girls who wear
hijabs a lot of people have some
questions because they are curious about
why they wear that
I can't really say you're in blame
people it was kind of interesting to
them but if you ask a stupid question
out of it I mean a question like why you
wear it is fine but like if you're gonna
come up to them and be like yo you wear
that because you are bald or do you wear
that because you're doing a fashion
statement anything like that I mean
that's just a stupid question but if you
come up to one and ask them like your
why be aware that that's a fine question
to me and as far as other stupid
questions go I mean they're gonna be
asked I've asked a few in my day let's
be more intelligent and let's give
answers before we ask questions if
that's possible instead of going up to
someone and asking them what they're
gonna eat you go up them and you say
you're gonna get pizza man and then
they'll ask you a question like what are
you talking about you you made them ask
the question you see that you did that I
hope you guys enjoyed this first little
series thing where I'm gonna interact
with you guys you know check throughout
the week on twitter what i asked and
that will go into the video to anybody
who's wondering like hey that's a really
nice red sweater yes it is because my
boys over and halton filth sent it to me
so I check it out but you know they sent
me this these they're gonna keep me
fitted for the video so if you want to
check out their stuff links to the
website order some stuff from them also
shout out to stride line who sent me
these dope sauce right here San
Francisco my home these are dope I'm
gonna use these when I poop at UCLA so I
can show the people where I come from
anyway guys I love you guys thank you
for watching next sunday and at the
topic damn sandy I'm gonna post a video
talk
so pretty much out
