Oh Tennessee my mother this is a daily
vlog thing it's not me doing an any type
of event or anything you're gonna notice
that I am a loser I just walked around
the mall bought myself I'm about to get
some food by myself so that's an
observation that you might notice okay
yeah let me get a number fowl with no
onions and no pickles let me get a
strawberry for topia yeah that'd be it
thank you
it's work you just had a sick sick night
you know couldn't really take the camera
to the club it was poppings I got a
15-minute walk home because he does not
address shout out to you follow this guy
on Twitter tell him so they can hear you
at okay
follow that guy following that one we
have to be a girl too
no disrespect oh yeah yeah here the
tenant
yeah
that's the only reason why he picked the
hook saying school punch is you ought to
be like me working 9:00 to 5:00 you want
to look like me but you wanna be like a
big room that you've seen it all the
videos this historical room is going to
be no longer in the videos I'm not gonna
stay in the Bay Area my whole life
falling to try something new I'm gonna
go out there try to get involved in some
acting and hopefully one day you're
gonna see me on the big screens and if
not I had fun trying to do it and I'm
gonna have fun trying to do it I look at
things as like you know I'd rather go
and try it then regret not trying it so
like Michael Jordan said I can accept
failure I can't accept not trying take
this out you do keep it there because
you started knowing man just said bye to
my mama said bye to my daddy the family
got Batman and Yoda there right around
dirty with no seat belt on bag of
sunflower seeds everything's in the fact
you know getting ready we out say bye to
the Bay Area and this lady on the phone
right here get out of the way okay guys
I just came up with an idea to do the
top 10 songs of the trip of the move
coming in at number 10
number nine - I'm feeling like yet the
bottom like a horseshoe sign for the
trouble that I put you in your heart do
know we had to put this at number eight
did you know that my keyboard would you
bother anymore oh yeah
number seven seven right yes I mean
maybe doing they they have nowhere
no me no me but nah
keys
they tell me on time even when I'm late
even if it's a lie they say everything
is great Elsa made me feel so great
wait now I can't feel my face to y'all
now I'm living my life like the end is
approaching with a passion I'm in pain
from the credit to the cash you're my
girl say thank God to you baby you'll
still think about me when you about me
SOS the couldn't wait to care we are
officially in Los Angeles and we have
chosen the number one song she try to
give me that blue tang I like that my
baby no my outfit of the day LeBron
t-shirt yeah I found you on YouTube
father NBA's most disrespectful moments
that made me miss the bay a little bit
my little date right now I'm on a date
virtual date with my guys see I had to
re-edit this video just so I can include
this you know I just got my peel box set
up in LA if you guys want to send me
some letters you know my birthday is
this Friday if you want to send me some
soft or something like that something
cute a birthday card a cake or something
not yourself but the address is 1 1 3 0
1 West Olympic Boulevard number 307
that's Los Angeles California
9:06 4 yeah so if you want to send me
anything feel free I love you guys I
don't want to do since I go stupid I
don't like those through school just I
don't eat sushi off no pollution no
substitution got up
