happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you
happy birthday dear Eddie savings guys
thanks how does it feel to be 30 mad xxx
okay so I know you've been asking me for
this I can part of your gift no for a
couple days yeah actually guys he was
trying to ask me for it at like midnight
yeah midnight was my birthday
yes always good to state my struggle
he's a hamster cage this guide will mean
that we weren't gonna celebrate his
birthday back home no I know so every
working today literally had to buy a
gift wrap and wrap this gift after work
which means me miss my flight so I had
to go and order get another fling I
drove to the airport and then this thing
was so bad I couldn't carry this and the
so then you to go to the only gift shop
in the whole terminal and buy this bag
this bag I was like why did you get this
like ghetto-ass heavily $40.00 maybe 50
hours yes should I you open your gift oh
yeah
is this why not - it's his wedding this
is a big-ass box he's good something
like this
yeah I don't want you to see it and it's
you know I don't want to hold it either
Buchi that's a good you been I may be
the bad this is Gucci maybe you take a
life huh
yeah thank you Gucci bags oh my god oh
my god yes this is what I showed you in
London yet I mean not allowed in Austria
yeah he tried on in Australia but he
couldn't bring himself to pay that much
for the backpack I think took a mental
Noah and then soon his we got back home
I I'm surprised you found the exact one
because there's so many different
versions of it yeah I went to like three
to four malls and then I finally found
it thanks baby
oh I love this to pull up to set today
alright guys so we're finally out of bed
about to grab some breakfast
damn everyone in the restaurant is
looking at me because I'm holding the
camera to my face call time is at 1:45
today so we don't have to be on set
until then so we have we slept in but
we're getting our day started now so
let's go get some breakfast so we're
gonna be on set today again it's day 2
of filming again I can't tell you guys
what we're filming but I will be
vlogging and abbess on behind the scenes
will be up later in the year so we're
still in Oakland our last day here and
today is my birthday as you saw me know
waking me up and giving me my gift and
she's flexing today with the LV supreme
though I'm actually wearing the
off-white camo shirt I bought this
yesterday at Barney's freaking Ben took
like four hours shopping at Barney's
yesterday he left last night we missed
some but I'll see him this weekend in
Atlanta for sneaker cause I mean look at
this menu pick what I want to eat so we
can get some food in our system and
start our day off all right guys white
ordered the Rihanna makeup guys she
ordered the Ramayana makeup this whole
freaking bed is just filled with like
all this cosmetics and stuff anyway we
just got done with day two of filming
that is a wrap or can't tell you because
you guys gotta wait a few months to see
it but anyway I was so freaking excited
I had tons of fun crazy experience out
here in the Bay Area and soon you guys
will know what we were doing out here
soon you guys will know what was the
vibe kind of forgot it was my birthday
because I was on set filming just
sitting around until they needed me so
now here's the deal I have a flight
tonight at 12:55 a.m. so I have a
red-eye flight leaving to Atlanta
because sneaker corn Atlanta is this
weekend as part of all of a sudden the
tour so you know we're gonna have that
tour merch there for you guys I'm gonna
go have some dinner and hang out with a
few of my Bay Area homies I think Harris
is coming swags coming mochas coming
it's gonna be a good time man I honestly
didn't even know I was gonna spend my
birthday in
Bay Area with these guys so it's kind of
like a surprise now it's time to pack up
and let's try to get out of here in like
15-20 minutes
this is my this right here is my title
for the day I wanted to get myself a
nice little birthday gift and not just a
birthday gift a ten year anniversary
anniversary gift I decided to buy these
I've been wanting them for a while now
I'm not really a huge fan of this shoe
the shoe uncomfortable they are
uncomfortable only the yellow pair came
out and I told him and he made fun of me
for it the yellow pairs ugly the yellow
pair looks like a banana this pair is
lit I've been wanting these I don't care
if they're gonna be uncomfortable this
is like I'm I'm friends and family now
I'm technically considered friends and
family now but I had to pay a lot for
them the other friends and family didn't
shout out to me know by the way she's
been filming for me all day comes in
over you kept doing that to me at the
shoot - yeah because you need to get the
yeah okay so oh it's pretty cool that
it's in a BBC case that gives you a hint
of what it is but basically came in
files created billionaire boys club so
I'm saying it's like you just give away
the shoe anyway shout out to soul
supremacy hook me up with these for a
great price here they are ladies and
gentlemen my newest gem this will be the
last expensive shoe I buy this year
until I actually buy my house because I
need to focus on that but BAM friends
and family Pharrell human races in a
size 10 which is very very rare
you know bosses crap pills put the crap
pills in there I bought them used which
is okay with me because I'm gonna wear
them regardless I'm busting him out for
sneaker calling Atlanta I don't care I'm
wearing on my sneaker called Atlanta two
hours later he's gonna change into other
shoes and he's gonna buy those shoes
from Atlanta and take what a hater it is
my birthday what happens is you are in
and get a really good thumb no because
this is the thumbnail okay so yeah this
is my my latest sneaker pick up I also
bought the off-white Jordan ones for
myself so I kind of did yes I kind of
spoiled myself this year but it was the
tenure
Mercer II how many 10-year anniversary's
do people have I'm done man I know more
sneaker pickles for me unless it's
retail guys pickups to you have a great
collection and it's gonna get better
all right guys so we are out here having
a nice little birthday dinner and
there's only a few of us but we had some
good pizza was good I'll fight on you on
your me show me honestly my favorite
part is the smoosh because it's coming
out you know what I mean yeah and this
right here - you know I'm not really
into the whole flashy you know just
subtle iced mochas it's my birthday gee
can we get a 100 on the spot let's just
say don't chase always go pursue yeah
all right guys so we just finished
eating and then we came to BJ's got some
dessert I didn't have a birthday cake so
your boy got a birthday pizookie my
cousin the world's tallest what's the 15
year old not even anyway I'm about to
leave they're about to drop me off at
the airport then I got a leave to
Atlanta red-eye flight but any last word
medallion boys on here you know forget
medallions you know ties to the
Caribbean get some shots a fire or what
you got some shots to funnel yeah yg
chubby West G we need wide us back you
know so we when we come to LA me you
better be ready we've all whoo hashtag
pitty swag y'all y'all don't know about
hurry swag if you guys catch hoodie swag
in the gym walk right out bro or play
with them either play with them do not
play against City swag when I wear that
it is different I swear to God you've
played with like Sean around with the
hoodie just different vibe I don't know
yeah it is a different vibe I'm gonna
head to the airport so I can't you get
that there Burt peace alright guys your
boy is at the airport SFO home Bay Area
I love this place I'm about to board my
flight in like actually I don't even
know what time it is I have one hour
until I board my flight my flight is
super super late but your boy still fit
it like
all right come on I'm too fitted to be
getting on a plane right now so I'm
gonna go switch up my clothes cuz I got
my comfy clothes in my bag we're gonna
chill out man
