a lot of people assume that I'm a fob
because of the type of videos I make and
all that junk and then I feel like when
they meet me in person they are actually
disappointed a little bit because I'm
not that fob with the unibrow that they
see in the video I want to teach some of
you guys how not to be father
as hard as you guys try as cool as you
think you look in my eyes you look like
a fog so I'm here to break down the
rules of how not to be a father no
disrespect to any of you folks out there
I'm just trying to help you okay first
thing you need to do is you need to cut
the peace sign out of your pictures or
wherever you throw the peace sign okay
like in public school like yourself but
all that that's fine but when you when
all of your facebook pictures Instagram
pictures and twit pics or consist of you
need to cut that out because it's not
cool it doesn't look cool you look like
a fob you look like a street fog
especially with that hormone you change
a neck going down to your belly button
and you try to make your finger to do
like a split or something like that like
you're trying to make this skin right
here
rip while you don't have the peace sign
that that's Bob you need to cut that out
swag something we have Ganz got that is
by far the Fabia's thing I've heard in
my life okay as if the word swag is not
played out enough Bob's had to take it
and play it out a little more and then
add their father touch to it please just
stop it that is disgusting if you have a
shirt that says that please kill
yourself take the shirt burn it on fire
then kill yourself out there and same
thing applies for something we Arabs God
something reagents God's way you dress
like I said earlier that our money
exchange v-neck going down to your
bellybutton is not gonna cut it take all
the ed hardy you have out of your closet
even the cologne that smells good unless
you're trying to get a wife from a
different country that's just trying to
use you to get her citizenship then keep
wearing that stuff taking pictures with
other people's cars okay if you're
posing next to a Ferrari and the doors
are closed and
just posing by it obviously that's not
your car how fob can you get once again
this is only to benefit you folks only
two minutes pulling up to the club
listening to foggy music okay if you are
slapping Ricky Martin livin la vida loca
to the club with Joe deep v-neck you are
a fall your vocabulary using by chain or
bro in every sentence by James
translation is kind of like bro by NBA
players saying all the time of yo bro
and it's cool when I say it I look like
a frickin fob man because of people like
you love you guys but come on before I
go I want to tell you guys that I've
been doing this whole video in my boxers
so that's a thing hope you guys took
your notes
um practice which you preach and keep it
real guys I'm out
