all right guys I'm videotaping in a
first-person view today this is the
video that I've been waiting to put out
for so long now I'm going to show you
guys my shoe collection now you all know
I'm a date not with texting me now if
you guys know I tweet a lot about shoes
I've been buying shoes and collecting
shoes and as long as I can remember as a
kid I used to rock Jordans all the time
not so much now
so my shoe collection is small but I
mean it's still cool and I love it first
up we got the Kobe galaxy's company's
earlier in the year in Toronto of all
places best thing about the shoe or that
they glow-in-the-dark thousand eleven
Colby all-stars got these for my
birthday all right these are my favorite
shoes of all time that's 3d Kobe
all-stars like blue on one side red on
one side in the back one shoes red white
shoes it's loose you got the 3d glasses
on the inside
no Trixie so easy no I'm saying we'll
all those Lily will sonson these right
here were custom-made for me and we got
another pair same joins different colors
and again another color same shoe this
one's like all red one oh hey look
another one this for though you don't
mind for days coming up so you know what
kind of shoes are check out my newest
pair of shoes right here I just got
these vans they're super light for some
my little Tiffany color Nike fries my
casual shoe and I want to wear my bum
outfit the all red I really like red
shoes for some reason alright I'm gonna
put some white laces on there though
honestly course things know that could
pull this off like really come on we
could pull these damn shoes off like my
legs here have some shoes that I really
don't you take care of they're just
shoes
see I got sometimes I hear my mom bought
me these on Mother's Day
a pair of all those right here about
these when I went to Las Vegas she boy
was dancers got the Easter cadiz I
recommend these shoes they're pretty
cheap and they're still comfortable and
the cheetah Kobe's I use these for
indoor I love them they pop out they
stand out they're amazing and
comfortable
they're super sexy these are my Nike ID
Kobe for along with the white vans beat
them up in Virginia
you got some Tom you know I'm saying
pull these off pretty much anything nike
fries another pet Jordan ones right here
in black bands um what else is it gray
vans got these as a present from someone
special another pair of white bands
because like I said you can only buy a
new pair
blue vans of orange vans that are kind
of drew on red bands alright he's sick
like a color vans yeah I have a lot of
shoes what else oh we got the boat vans
right here both vans and of course Chuck
Taylors
I'd a go that's my shoe collection I
hope you guys enjoyed it I enjoyed it I
love shoes buy me shoes I'll wear the
shoes I understand of my man thing but I
hope you guys enjoyed it let's have some
fun a comment on the video and tell me
what your favorite pair of shoes at all
time goodbye
tie your shoes live life and do
something with your life
