all right Manas suave we are out to Los
Angeles
Irvine SoCal Orange County all of them
basically so conscious you said that
first
I'm tired when I have it so I didn't
sleep I stayed up all night and I tried
to see but I just had too much on my
mind I'm kind of nervous for this event
so yeah this will keep me awake though
last stop so high last night before we
head to Santa Monica you know st. I'm
just getting to it
bring the skateboard along just for fun
for fun
children I love you anything you don't
sing you ready for the show
why right Nelson Fred see I read this
what's up this is so high prices my hero
I look up to all the time you don't say
you got the people over there
you can be showing you there gee what's
uh I gotta fix it guys I'm addicted to
drugs I had to do it before my show the
size and Washington Oh everyone's always
asking how slow I walk this is hand so
here a buddy
Twitter's tapped out watch dad okay a
lot of it would just go with that rinse
yeah Shelby presents
where are you about to start the event a
little nervous but you know that's I
like that speech right nobody really
gives a shout out guys saw it
I'm doing someone to go to the event
about to make it big
Greymon nobody play mr. policies raging
years old and weak I'll be finishing up
my last year a little bit about us about
five years ago I found out about a site
called YouTube it's a site where you can
post videos and everybody around the
world can you are they give you your
views on it so we've seen our first
reviews on our first videos it was crazy
it was unavailable because people loved
us they wanted us to make more videos
they would update us on myspace Facebook
Twitter they're telling us to make these
videos and that they love us so from
that day on we took it we took advantage
of it and we started making videos all
the time we're taking it serious it's my
friend come on
what's your name I'm here so would you
come here this do you watch my video
what's your favorite video mistakes I
think that was a pussy to video
