hola como estas crew migos and guys I
just want to make this video because I
want to show you guys my hat collection
pretty much call it a snapback
collection because that's all I wear now
the first night back I'm about to show
you is the first one that I got I got
this back in Oh a Toro 9 before
snapbacks even got popular I'm not
trying to say like I was the first but I
mean I was one of them first net back
was the Chicago Bulls one it's made by
adidas
that was my first snapback this one is
from the Chicago Bears the diamond
supply probably seen me wear this in a
couple videos I got this one in New
Jersey
this past December I like it a lot it's
a New York Mets one I love red white and
blue snap backs for some reason you'll
see that I have a lot of I'm from New
York was the Philadelphia Phillies with
the crocodile skin you probably see me
wear this in a few pictures I don't
think I've worn in a video yet but the
reason why I like this one so much I got
the Phillies because my favorite TV show
of all time is born Meets World and Cory
Matthews used to always rock a Phillies
time when he was younger or not always
but he would rock it and I wanted to
like kind of like rap that too so I got
that in a snakeskin like I said red
white and blue New England Patriots
second place in the NFL I have a crazy
obsession with Disney I go to Disneyland
like twice a year so I had to get the
Mickey Mouse snapback made by New Era
this one fits a little weird so I don't
wear it that much but I'm going to
Disney that soon next week
and I will be rocking this one at
Disneyland so shout out to make you and
Walt Disney sanic San Antonio Spurs it's
a very bright another Diamond Supply the
yellow one Miami Hurricanes I had to get
the Detroit Pistons one shout-out to Big
Sean when I met Big Sean he actually
pointed this out and he said you got a
fresh snapback so you know I felt good
about this one I saw where this one
likes my good luck wonders something
like that
Miami Heat guys all normal Lakers fan
but I always loved the runaway I was a
big great fan before LeBron came now I
don't really Reptil much because I don't
want to act like a bandwagon fan but
Miami Heat this one is for the
Washington Redskins I got this one as a
gift from my boys obviously shoutout to
Xavi another Detroit one another
snakeskin got this one from online I
bought most of my hats online because I
don't want like I don't want to get them
from local places because that everybody
has them so I try to get him online
Denver Broncos I really like this one
and dude that mochilas again the dude
that I bought it from he actually
recognized me from our video so he
cooked it up with his counsel shoutout
to him
the Pittsburgh Penguins had this one is
very special to me it was given to me by
one of my most favorite favorite
favorite favorite people in the world
Sophia out in New York City she sent
this to me is a keopi snapback keopi
greater than keopi over everything thank
you for this GOP snapback I'm a rocket
right now because it matches my Fit and
I hope you guys liked my hat collection
it's gonna keep building up so once I
get another how many I had I'll make
another video
ol√° s and Daniel
should go Cinco DeMayo
plus it like you can't afford a car you
will stop you look in the mirror you
know who you are right gold oh sure
