everybody it is Saturday March I don't
know what day it is
I'm here with Ayla how you doing Ayla
say hi say hi to Crew TV what are we
doing today where we going who are we
gonna go see we're gonna go see Jersey
don't put your seatbelt on see she's
safe she's putting her seatbelt on yeah
well what do you think so what's our
chances of meeting Drake Ava what's up
what's the chances of meeting Drake
what's the chances of meeting Drake OBO
5 5 % can I get kiss no oh okay
we're just gonna let her roam around the
car and see what she's doing everybody I
just want to let you guys know that um
if you think ella is beautiful and you
want to help her win this contest that
going on right now all you gotta do is
in the description down here there's a
Facebook link - it's a radio station
they're having a contest and they have a
whole bunch of baby pictures on there
and Ã¦lis pictures isn't is in there all
I gotta do is click on the link and like
the picture log into your Facebook like
the picture she gets the most likes
which she does right now she's in the
lead she wins a trip to the Nickelodeon
Awards and a whole bunch other things so
if you think L is the cutest thing in
the world which is go ahead and like
that and help out and we would really
appreciate it and take care I love you
guys and
