Toronto Toronto Oh
I just want to say that Toronto's
freezing shereena and Nikki cannot find
their car right now they're right there
they're circling us they trying to act
like they're productive but really
they're not doing anything just walking
around day one she got at the shower
I'll tired right I go eat I'm hungry so
let's go see what Canada has to offer
for the dinner menu
look at these two this guy looks like
he's a men in black and this guy looks
like he got out of prison
my hero her Cilmi charities amazing
performance and so eyes over here
breaking stuff
what's up thought I mean ever yeah you
feel better on so anyway tomorrow should
be really fun mr. Thomas well sir
be confident that we're gonna get booed
off stage so I was Wednesday day of the
event we woke up and we saw this it was
not snowing yesterday and now it's all
white and it's still snowing it's the
first time I've seen snowfall like this
better going this snowstorm and I just
live our life out there it's all good
though but I hit up the mall you should
pocket is the horse down shortest fuse
that you have important covers that you
have it's kind of clear we just met the
driver she's already cussing us out let
me ask you guys some questions I'm
useless yeah why are you wanted
apparently nobody cares about shoes in
Canada because these shoes that I've
picked up from the mall sold out in like
ten minutes in Cali so I got the Kobe
galaxy's out here I paid a little more
because Canada's overpriced but it's all
good I got him hey Phil right now
nervous butterflies all of my stomach
right now
go free game redbull still got nervous
but we still practicing they got they
got ketchup chips out here man I got one
for you is a ketchup chips
I'm backstage right now I'm pretty
nervous I am with Aryan Miriam were
chillin and she showed me a picture of
all the people outside no there's more I
know I know there's more howdy girls
looks crazy whoo
so yeah it makes me more nervous so I
don't know why she's doing this to me ah
and we have this other girl right here
wait I can't remember an inside Wow
Chucky Serena Serena Serena beautiful
shereena thank you remind me next
alright I just got um custody 500 times
they're being me foolish right now
yelling and shouting always guys you got
me yeah I got you
ah can anybody give it up for Kai's for
making on The Ellen Show I want to thank
everybody that helped support that and
helped me get on the show because so
basically what he did was what you have
to do to get on Ellen show is you have
to go behind people dance obnoxiously
make yourself look stupid
basically yeah what you got to do
around there I love it I love Toronto
it's amazing
baby can you be my come on the line and
I could be your Charlie and if your
parents like my style I can come cause
goodie I will come for Scottie guys that
were here what year did he'll be sore
you gon get two tickets
all righty VIP tickets and we autograph
them if that makes it any way that's all
right man we just got done with the
event people were going crazy
unfortunately there wasn't enough VIP
tickets this is gonna want you to yeah
this my security guard the Hat Yai gave
the girl view hat
what's up what's up what's up what's up
never saw the camera no nobody said
what's up those so I just got this it's
everybody what's up everybody was Elvis
Elvis Elvis Elvis officer also old pizza
this is a little too much don't you
think
no this is crazy
hi I'm Lea and I'm Christ and we're
gonna be doing a duet of someone like
you I'm gonna outshine her but it's
alright yeah I know I know but I don't
know this is not working out so I say is
that okay nevermind oh
someone like you I wish nothing but the
best for you
day after the event very satisfied with
our performance had fun at 6 a.m. we
went and got free breakfast from the
hotel and then at 7:00 we went swimming
solve our hit up the hall time and so I
passed out like a little girl now we
better hit up downtown with my homie uh
nice tie
one more day in Toronto we got to eat in
tower right there man
that's what everybody's talking about cm
or either yeah
cm Dow median national tower all right
that's the CN tower change the nante
keopi tower the frilled are they seeing
this is crazy no I live with keopi ganas
right here on this thing
you see if you follow your dreams you
can end up seeing the world and things
like this Toronto we just had a great
meal very tired walk like 40 minutes
from the X our Tower everybody's tired
ready to go back to the hotel crash
we're gonna go talk to my boy right here
who gave us a fantastic day how's it
going guys thank you thank you for
coming
you don't tell me who you are and about
your own YouTube channel yeah make
Afghan videos much all there is to happy
in Twilight so check him out he took us
out he showed us a good time really
appreciate it when he comes out to Cali
like I told him you gonna take up to the
Eiffel Tower
yeah there's a piece of all that stuff
looking forward to see you guys in Cali
yeah we're the hotel right now last
night we packed up everything so ah
what's up with your feelings I feel but
I know my first dish I know he takes the
first day still
all right we're leaving we're at the
Canada Airport whatever it's called how
you feel about the in Toronto I love you
guys was a great time have amazing time
here you know be back definitely next
time I love all the University of
Toronto ASU club members they treat us
like family and they took care of us
I love each and every one of you and
thank you for me thank you for
everything I love any time you guys come
out to Cali we're going to take care of
you the way you guys take care of us and
I was taking care of us I'm very good
yeah
those are yummy
