alright guys your boy out here in
Oakland right now today is day one of
filming so we are about to go on set but
unfortunately I cannot film or tell you
guys what I'm doing or who I'm filming
with until later on in the year I'm
gonna skip to something else and I just
wanted to do the intro in front of this
dubs a mural right here so
since most of my day will be spent on
set I'm gonna jump to something that I
film before I left so today I'm gonna be
showing you guys my apartment tour I
have had this apartment for a while now
but it's finally a hundred percent the
way I want it to be ladies and gentlemen
I introduce to you guys the high peace
apartment tour and sidenote today's my
birthday so fill me what's going on guys
my name is kite if you don't know me and
this is my height beast apartment
now if you guys don't know I moved into
this apartment a few months ago kind of
like towards the beginning of the year I
have been very very happy with this
place this is my first official
apartment by myself
I've lived other places with roommates
but I finally saved up worked hard and
was able to get my own place and I will
only be here for one year a total of one
year since I moved in my goal here was
to be able to walk in and never never
think like I hate this place and I have
done a great job of doing that because
all my surroundings are with stuff that
I love from mineral accessories to
sneakers to that actually there's never
food in the kitchen basically what I'm
saying is I made this place as hypebeast
as possible because I lived a hypebeast
lifestyle out here in LA so what I'm
gonna do is show you guys a full
apartment tour you oh my god I don't
know I grabbed the table but we
literally just had an earthquake right
now that was crazy basically I'm gonna
show you guys my apartment tour and I
know it's been a while since I lived
here so it's kind of late that I'm doing
this but it's the first time that I'm
fully satisfied with everything from the
pictures on the wall to the displays on
my shelves to my sneakers to my kitchen
till everything is literally perfect to
me and I finally want to show it to you
guys so let's go ahead and start the
tour with this couch okay so with this
couch I do have a few pillows and little
things on it that you know it's just a
perfect setup for filming YouTube videos
I film a lot of my unboxings right here
cue the intro for no reason so it always
has to look good and have little
accessories on it and we'll start over
here the first thing I have is the cause
Snoopy and somebody gave me this
recently on tour so I'm very very
grateful for it and somebody actually
also gave me this WWE spinner
championship belt that kind of spins but
not really
we got the bait camo pillow if you don't
have one of these and you claim to be a
high beast you ain't a high beast WWE
Championship bought this one when I was
living back home in the bay and every
day I saw it and it was motivation to
to work hard and be a world heavyweight
champion even though I don't wrestle I
just feel like having this on your
shoulder makes you feel like a boss so I
was like yo and nobody's taking this
away from me
not even you Harris over here we got
another Bey pillow this is the babe bear
brick pillow right here and this was
actually gifted to me by my good friend
Mickey he gave me this I believe in
Chicago so it was a little gift from him
and then last but not least on the couch
by the way this couch turns into a bed
so that's really really good for a guest
it's from Ikea and I'm not sure how much
I paid for it this bed has been so
clutch because I do have guests that
come over and they love this bed right
here I even fall asleep on it sometimes
oh we got the a tape towel right here
this was also gifted to me I believe at
the last sneaker con and I just leave
this on the couch like this it just
looks cool when I'm not sitting on it
now let's look at the artwork as you
guys can see I've got two pieces of art
right here this one's not really art
this is just a printout but this was for
buying VIP tickets to the table low
torque they actually sent these out
these are actually numbered and they
come with like a lanyard and everything
Kim Kardashian playing tennis with some
girl I don't know who that is it says
tour right there I thought it was a
perfect like piece to complement this
right here and this one is extra extra
special to me and I kind of want to
focus more on this one and that's why we
just zoomed in basically this was
created for me by my homie JC Rowe he
actually did the Kobe mural on Melrose
which I'm sure if you watch my videos
you've seen it in a few time-lapses he
actually made this in Long Beach and I
actually said I want to same exact thing
but can you make a few adjustments
what he did was betta let me start from
scratch this is a picture of Kanye
painting a Yeezy
he has like his albums in the background
and everything in this picture is made
from triangles so if you look very very
closely from his shoes which is the 750s
to his sweater to the wall and as you
can see this was originally a Pablo
hoody but we trained creech he changed
it to a crew lady and then right here he
put one of my favorite Kayne albums
which is college dropout so shout out to
my homie thank you for the dope wall art
before we get to these side shelves
let's talk about my coffee table when I
moved in here
that I really want to get a regular
coffee table like am I really gonna
drink coffee how often am I gonna eat
here
I don't really eat here I like I said
I'd eat outside and I have this box
right here and this box is not even a
coffee table but I thought to just fit
the setting perfectly because this box
is literally a easy box I know a lot of
you have seen this before but if you
haven't prepared to be amazed custom
dream crew sneaker easy box even more
okay so this actually used to hold all
my Easy's in it fortunately I've
outgrown that so they don't all fit in
here so I have them in the other
container so this is just filled with
like shoes that are just beaters from
thirty-one Westbrook's which I play
basketball in to my uncage ultra boost
to just like random Pumas I just house
them in here because why not I love it
okay now the shelves there's a lot of
things on the shelves but we're gonna go
through them one by one and why some of
the items are on there so let's start on
let's start on this side okay so all the
way on the top we have my sneaker con
three-point champion basketball this was
the award for winning the three-point
contest in Chicago your boy was stroking
that three shooters keep shooting I'm
very very proud of this I mean I don't
win a lot of things in my life and I've
never really been good at basketball
I love playing it but I've never been
super good so for me to go in there and
beat some great competition was amazing
to me and your boy was the three-point
champion unfortunately I did lose in LA
I might have to come for that
championship again but I can't tell you
what's idiots in yet now the rest of the
shelf is pretty much supreme themed so
we'll start right here this is the
jordan v supreme I kind of hate putting
this here just because it does collect a
lot of dust but then I lint roll it
every once in a while to clean it this
just looks sick on display the gold
supreme up tempo this is another sneaker
that is too nice to be just left in a
container box so you guys you got to let
this one free to you know kind of be
like a display piece moving to the
middle shelf we actually got the supreme
money yarn the cash cannon whatever you
want to call it I put this here and then
I actually
put the money right here I put some of
the supreme subway Metro cards right
here to kind of like make it look sick
and then I also have one of these which
you can't see but this is my own custom
100 dollar bill and I was shooting these
at sneaker conve area and then moving
lower we got the black supreme up tempos
this one definitely complements the gold
one going right under the cash cannon
but I haven't wore these ones yet
because it's a size too big it's a ten
and a half I need a 10 so if anybody
wants to size swap deadstock holla at
your boy and then going down here
supreme toothbrush I don't know why I
bought this but I bought it like 15
bucks in New York City off of a kid at
Chipotle the supreme bowl for soup you
know I'm saying it's some noodles and we
just got a random bear brick in there I
think this is ran from renan's tepee or
something yeah I got this from round two
so shout out to Shawn from round 2 for
hooking me up with this I got it like 50
bucks or something all the way at the
bottom this isn't supreme themed but I
have nowhere else for this but this is
the Back to the Future bait little
floaty things so that's pretty cool it's
just sitting around the apartment
supreme volleyball now let's move to the
other shelf okay so this shelf is less
high beasty and it's more about some of
my personal things I favorite so
basically it's a lot of wrestling things
on here but then we'll also start out
with one of the goats Kobe Bryant pops
these were both gifted to me by loyal
crew family members so this is the Kobe
number 8 with the purple and the NBA
Finals don't know it's not that be final
stirs and then we got the Kobe in his 24
days so I got both of those right there
and if there's any other Kobe ones that
I don't know about I would love to
receive them so holla at your boy and
then over here we got two Seth Rollins
this is the outfit he wore at SummerSlam
and I was at SummerSlam last year this
is the black outfit right here I'm not
one of those guys that go crazy and says
they have to stay in their box but for
now we keep them in these two more that
you can't see on display but we got
Chris Jericho you just made the list
version and then we've got the John Cena
this one was gifted to me too so shout
out to the person who got me this over
here we got some custom coca-cola's I
used to have a joke in my vlogs when I
used to live in the Bay Area I could
never find a coke bottle that had my
name on it obviously they're not gonna
have kites but they had an Omar one and
I can never find it so Harris actually
made these custom for me buy coke share
a coke with kites and share coke with
the dream cruise so Thank You Harris for
these a one of two kites
Omar bobblehead right here this was made
for me by a homie and she
cago his name is Dominic so shout out to
him for making this for me bruh your boy
got his own bobble head but that look
weird I also got this Seth Rollins right
here this is also in the white attire
with the championship this is from
SummerSlam it's just like the pop figure
but this is just a regular figure and
then I got the Seth Rollins from NXT
this is before he made the main roster
and he's got the NXT championship
because he was the first-ever NXT
champion two things that two crew
members gave to me as well this is an
autograph to Seth Rollins
this is when he won the money in the
bank and then another home he gave me
this one and this is from when he cashed
in and he won the championship at
WrestleMania which I was at in Santa
Clara so I got to witness that be king
of money in the bank I got the money in
the bank lunch box right here I don't
think I have anything inside but maybe
I'll put some Yeezys in here or
something if anybody finds that it's
yours Batman is my favorite superhero
ever I love the Dark Knight series one
of my favorite trilogies of all time
child to Harris shout out to swag that
was an inside joke I believe all of
these were gifted to me I can't remember
exactly where I got each of them but
shout out to everybody who gifted me
these the white Batman right here I
think this is from a special comic
series Batman but I can't remember what
the name of this one was this is the
Batman ready to go on vacation with the
Hawaiian shorts and then this is just
the original Batman right here with the
gray outfit now I would show you my
internet router but I don't think you
guys really care about that but I do
want to show you guys this this was a
gift from crap protect obviously I'm a
cop protect brand ambassador so I'm
gonna have tons of crap stuff around the
house this is the new era box that they
sent out to the influencers and this
one's pretty cool because it not only
comes up with a hat but it comes with
the Newark rep spray and then it comes
with a little TV that plays like a
little commercial it would be cool if
like one of these opened up in my video
plays so okay let's move over there
probably wondering what all these easy
boxes are if your subscriber than you
already know when I reach 1 million
subscribers I'm gonna give away these 10
Easy's now these boxes are empty I'm not
gonna lie to you but when I do reach a
million subscribers I'm gonna go buy 10
pairs of Easy's and I'm gonna do the
biggest easy giveaway of all time so if
you're not subscribed please subscribe
ok now let's go over there so this is my
60-inch TV I believe it's 4k it is
Samsung I believe and the best part
about it is my apartment is angled weird
so like the couch is over there but the
cool thing is I can like I can move the
TV like all the way over here so it's
like even with the couch right here on
display I got the EZ cleats right here
this is just the super dope thing to
have one display because like I'm never
gonna wear these but I collect easy so
this was a must cop easy clean retail
can't go wrong my cut in half boost if
you haven't seen that video it's on my
channel this right here has been my
favorite thing that I bought like all
year long the Nintendo switch and I've
been using this non-stop on the road
this thing has saved my life on planes
when I cannot sleep I play Mario Party
and I just downloaded 2k for it and I
just downloaded another Mario game so
now I got three games on here this is
clutch I love this thing if you want to
get a Nintendo switch don't switch and
don't be a bit let's move right here
because I got my copy display my
favorite basketball player of all time
let me just show you guys that this is
my like entertainment center I guess you
can call it I got my PlayStation at the
bottom my controller my DVR my video
games my recent pick up NBA 2k 7 X 18
which I haven't really been able to play
I think he's wearing the wrong Jersey we
got Mike's secret stuff this was given
to me by Jordan Brand in that space gem
box said I wanted to put something in my
apartment to honor Kobe who to me has
been an inspiration he has so many
memorable moments that I remember from
my childhood and you know Jordan was a
lot of people's you know that it was
their favorite player in their time and
Michael Jordan is the greatest of all
time
but to me Kobe is my favorite player of
all time because I was able to watch his
best moments in the times where I was
into sports and into basketball so what
I have here is basically another piece
by my homie JC Rowe he gifted me this
one it just fits perfectly on the wall
above my kobe interface so these right
here
they come together this is the number
eight Kobe this is the number 24 Kobe
and the cool thing about these things is
that you can adjust the hands the legs
you can move them around he's actually
wearing Kobe tens I believe here or not
the Kobe tens and then on this one he's
wearing the old Crazy eight so attention
to detail on these things they're even
writing Stan's socks which is like
insane it is sitting on top of this
right here this right here oh I'm super
close to the camera this right here is
an autographed pair of Kobe's last game
sneaker now this is not the one he
actually played in this is just part of
the fade to black pack this is the Kobe
11 this is the same colorway he wore on
court during his last game which I was
at and I was very grateful to witness
history and it's autograph this is just
crazy and it's a size 14 which is his
size but again this is not a PE very
very cool okay so this right here is my
sneaker wall I wanted to make sure that
my sneaker wall was to the roof I just
don't want to take them out of the boxes
and show you them like that like I wish
you know what I'm gonna use a little bit
of YouTube magic right here one of the
cheesiest transitions in YouTube history
ladies and gentlemen I present to you my
sneaker collection I'm not gonna talk
too much all my sneakers because this is
an apartment tour and not a sneaker
collection video but but the people who
haven't seen all my sneakers I'm gonna
show you guys a few of my favorite gems
I guess I mean it's not always about
Jordans
d-does and boosts and all that sometimes
you get a little designer on them with
the red bottoms we ain't going straight
to the street where you know I'm saying
keep it classy over yo Clark collab like
bruh and let me tell you guys I'm not
trying to be cocky or anything like that
but when I show off my shoes you gotta
have a little bit of confidence because
at the end of the day sneaker game it's
like a friendly competition
the first shattered backboards and the
2.0 shattered backboards the reason why
I haven't wore these yet is because I'm
kind of scared to wear them I'm not
scared but these are actually sent to me
by Jordan Brand they sent me these and
it's actually a I know if you guys can
see it but these are a promo sample
these might look like average Air Force
Ones right here but my pictures lasered
on the back
a fan actually gave me these they sent
them to my p.o box and crazy I got my
own pair of Air Force One so that's
really dope can't remember if I showed
you guys these but I got these recently
I've got a few Kobe's a ton of Jordan
won both the statins this is what you
call rare ovios over here my favorite
ultra boost of all time is the cream
ultra boost thank you to my beautiful
fiance Mina for getting me these I love
them but I love you more
corny moment oh my easy is all over here
I'm not gonna show you guys those
because 90% of my videos are about easy
so we'll stay away from you Z's today
off-white Jordan ones these are my
newest pick up I literally just unboxed
them like 20 minutes ago these are the
three best nmds that they ever made
right here nice kick and the tube Apes
name another one that's better
Peters at the moment which definitely
needs some crap attack fear god vans I
got these for 300 bucks the day they
came out and now they go for like a
thousand so thank God I pulled that
trigger because paying a thousand
dollars for a pair of vans is insane
easy ones recently acquired lve Z's now
I do have more sneakers that are like my
prized possessions in my bedroom but
this is the living room tour so I'll do
the op-ed room tour later I gotta clean
these up so okay I'm gonna put these
back by hand okay so you see my sneakers
you've seen most of the living room but
these two doors right here I've never
shown you guys on camera this is my
laundry so there's really nothing to see
there unless you want to see a bunch of
sweaty dirty clothes from freaking a
month of touring this closet has some
pretty dope stuff so let's go on in okay
guys so I know it's super dark in here
but try to bear with me I'm gonna show
you I'm just kidding guys I'm gonna put
the camera over here I got a green
screen some tools the greatest thing for
living alone a Swiffer and then all my
jackets so basically I leave all my
coats in here I don't put them in my
closet in my bedroom just because these
are like they take up a lot of room one
of my favorite recent pickups is the LV
supreme camo jacket I got this from AG
Park so shout out to the Mac Park family
you know that one is super expensive but
sometimes you got a ball on the budget
so I got this denim jacket from Zara for
only $25.99
a little bit off-white Montclair action
right there windbreaker Obama Supreme
another windbreaker supreme one of my
favorite off-white jackets right here
this is like perfect for the wintertime
I've only worn this once in London but
I'm definitely going to be using this in
the wintertime Gucci jacket I got this
from London I haven't seen this in the
United States once so I'm very very
happy I picked this up in London so
these vintage looking ww jackets are
made by one of my favorite companies
chalk-line they basically have a license
with WWE so they're allowed to make
these jackets and they have some legends
on them Ted DiBiase Ric Flair they made
me a custom one a dream crew Kyle Moore
one award is to speaker : Dallas the
Heartbreak Kid Shawn Michaels and the
recent SummerSlam
Undertaker Bret Hart thank you guys for
these these are freaking amazing there's
also one jacket in there that I can't
show you because no one's supposed to
know that I have it it was gifted to me
by someone I don't have their permission
to put it on camera so I'm sorry that I
got a tease you but sometimes you just
got to keep things under wrap now ladies
and gentlemen it is time to show you
guys my kitchen which I call the babe
kitchen probably should have put some
napkins on there first clutch thing that
I have in this kitchen is an iPhone
charger on an iPhone charging deck
because I always leave my phone here so
it's very very clutch and you know
what's even more clutch the wall plug
has USB plugs in there I also own this
little plant that's not real because
because it looks nice I also keep a
bottle of crap protects right here so it
always shows in the background of my
videos and a Tom Ford Tuscan a Tom Ford
Tuscan leather candle because I just
wasted my money on this also I have a
little cup protect display with crap
wipes on it yeah so now you're probably
wondering kites you've got crap protect
there but what about your cabinet what
do you have in the cabinet well a lot
more crepper decked as a brand
ambassador you get an overwhelming
amount of product and any guest that
comes over it gets a nice goodie bag of
crap protection and I'm always looking
to you know share some of this product
because it is the best sneaker cleaner
in the game but I actually do have stuff
in here so ovo glasses vape little cups
right here I got these from Hong Kong
olivia water bottle I haven't ever
I don't think I've ever used this I also
have this paper towel right here
I got a bate brug from when I wash
dishes so I was actually able to
complete this whole bear bait I know
there's another one out there but this
is the one I have I love these things
when you move into apartment and your
dude you got to have some of these in
there and even if you like move into a
house or whatever it is bear brakes are
the perfect little accessory to have
around office apartment house whatever
it is I think these are so freaking dope
and then I put the little ape coasters
right here in front of them just to make
it look a little better on this side I
also have these two babe coasters right
here I just thought it would be a cool
little accessory again and then I got
these a tape car displays this is all
dr8 as well but this one is a gold one
very very clean I got both of these in
Hong Kong and then I also keep like my
keys and my wallet right here so I never
forget them when I leave the apartment
supreme wallet crap protect keychain
keep some Star Wars tissue papers right
here my ovo coin holder I guess this is
actually an ashtray by user for cloning
Mag Park dream crew air fresheners by
sold and yet we might release these
online so stay tuned and a coffee maker
which I never used so yeah there's
literally nothing in my kitchen or my
frigerator like I told you so this
picture right here is obviously the
Golden Gate Bridge
it's a San Francisco right there it's
like made out of wood it's honestly it
doesn't have any history behind it as
far as where the actual piece came from
I think my dad literally bought it from
like a Kmart or a Ross or something but
when I moved into this apartment he
brought me this and he said hang this up
don't ever forget where you came from no
matter how much success you have no
matter if you're having a good day a bad
day or you just you know you forget
about everything just look at this
picture and remember this is where you
came from the Bay Area and that's why I
have this right by my door so whether I
leave where I come in this is the first
thing I see and you gotta stick to your
roots even though I'm always in LA even
though my whole family's in the Bay Area
and I kind of left them to come over
here and chase my dream when I see this
picture it reminds me of them it reminds
me of the place that I grew up it
reminds me of one of the most beautiful
cities in the entire world which is San
Francisco and the entire Bay Area okay
so now we are
not gonna go in the bedroom I'm gonna
save the bedroom for another time
because it's really messy and on top of
that this is already long so I really
hope you guys did enjoy this is not like
a regular vlog this is just a different
type of video hopefully some of you guys
are new here so if you are make sure you
guys subscribe because when I do reach 1
million subscribers I'm gonna give away
ten pairs of Yeezys and on top of that
the crew is welcoming you guys so please
join us didn't know I will be in Atlanta
sneaker Con this weekend so make sure
you guys pull up I will be at the
correct booth all day long now you ain't
got to go home now you can stay here
though I'm not tripping actually because
I'm kind of bored but I don't I don't
know what to say for the outro so just
cut
