hello and welcome to crew T V this is
the second channel for QoP and after
five years of having w w youtube.com
slash k is omar which you can subscribe
to right here we have decided to make
this second channel so we can put things
like video logs up behind the scenes
bloopers um pretty much anything that i
want to put up on here announcements
anything like that and you know what
anything you guys want to see on here
we're gonna do that too so if you guys
want to see maybe like my shoe
collection hat collection um so I saw
collection saw wears a wig collection
anything like that just tweet us you
know what my twitter name is a KY
Cellmark tweet us what you want to see
it's all about you guys so this is the
second channel make sure you guys
subscribe we're gonna have probably more
videos on here than the regular channel
the regular challenge is gonna be skits
and stuff from now on no more
announcements things like that it all
goes down here at crew T V and you know
what
Oh should I have come how's the location
as beautiful as I am I know it is as
beautiful as you are
