alright guys what's going on so I'm
currently out here somewhere on the
outskirts of LA I'm at this place that
they wrap cars and I've been wanting to
get my car wrap for so long now and I
haven't done it yet but I feel like
right now is the time to do it because
my 10 year anniversary is coming up on
YouTube I have a few ideas in mind we're
going come on let's go my goal is to
leave my car here today so that it will
be here for the rest of the week because
I'm leaving town tomorrow so basically
here's the update of what's going on we
are going to go through shout out to
impressive raps basically I'll talk more
about them and show you guys what they
do when we pick up the car with it's
ready but unfortunately today I'm not
gonna be leaving my car with them yeah
man I'm super super super excited to
finally do this I'm gonna head back to
LA now cuz I need to go home I think I
have a package waiting for me but I
don't know what it is so I don't know if
I might hit the intro just yet I'll
catch you in like 0.3 seconds whoa
alright guys so I'm back at the crib now
and I'm actually doing something that I
have been wanting to do for a very very
very very very long time finally I feel
like it is a hundred personal tour like
95% complete and I'm ready to give you
guys a full apartment tour
not just any tour a hypebeast tour like
everything like every little accessory I
have everything hanging on the wall you
see I'm organizing my sneakers right now
because I want to redo the wall make it
a little nicer than it is these are just
my Jordan ones on the floor so I might
even do a full just Jordan one
collection video cuz yeah that would be
pretty dope and basically I know I moved
into this apartment basically like seven
months ago eight months ago and I should
have should have done an apartment tour
then but again I didn't have half of the
stuff I wanted here like these posters
just went up like two months ago like
these shelves are all finally filled up
and looking nice I just feel like it is
it's the time it is the time so that
will be up later this week it's not
gonna be in today's video but in today's
video there's two options here I can
either give you guys a I'm probably
gonna do both anyway I'm getting a pair
of sneakers that should be on the way
very very soon it says that it's out for
delivery
I also kind of want to show you guys my
higher supreme collection because maybe
a month ago or a month and a half ago or
two months ago I can't remember when I
did it but I did a supreme collection
video not too long ago and it was very
small I want to say 10 to 15 items the
most and I feel like my supreme
collection has like tripled since then
like I've just been on a crazy supreme
sprat spending streak anyway I'm gonna
finish you know cleaning up my apartment
and getting things ready for the
apartment tour I need to bang out as
many videos as I can today because
tomorrow morning I'm leaving and I just
found out I'm leaving yesterday I
thought I was gonna spend all week in LA
but for some reason I can't frickin
spend any time in LA like I'm literally
here for a day or two and then I leave
again but this is that tour life we
chose you know what I'm saying I'm too
hyper right now I don't know what's
going on one last update a huge apology
to everybody in Orlando unfortunately I
personally have decided to cancel the
pop-up in Orlando and the reason for
that is just because Orlando is going
through a tough time right now they were
just hit with the hurricane and I
understand Orlando might not be the main
area that was hit and suffered from it
but it's still in the area it's still in
the same state and when we do these pop
ups we host them in one city and we hope
that everybody from that area whether
they can drive 2 hours 1 hour 30 minutes
4 hours 5 hours we hope that the
diehards can come because that's the
closest closest pop up to them if we
have it in Orlando the pop up itself is
not gonna be as strong as it will be it
would be if it was during a time where
there wasn't a hurricane now I know what
you're thinking oh you're being stingy
it's because less people are gonna come
less people are gonna buy merch no it's
not about the merch it's not about that
it's about just making sure I have it at
the right time because I want all of you
guys to come out we don't do events in
Orlando we've never done one before so
when we do do the first one I want it to
be when everybody's happy and when
everybody has everything back together
and when more people can come so that we
can have such a dope event we will make
that data up for you guys so Orlando
I wallup all apologize on behalf of
myself and the rest of the team I don't
have a specific date it probably won't
be part of the tour will be its own pop
I don't know if it will be this year or
early next year but I promise you guys I
will come to Orlando soon for all the
other cities we did announce the Phoenix
date as well as the location and the VA
date and location and also the Bay Area
date has changed to the weekend after
which will be the first weekend of
October so if you want to check out all
those days I will put them in the
description box but the docs box I'm
sorry for talking let's go ahead and
jump to supreme or unboxing first which
one which one which one which one which
one which one
what's in the box
good evening ladies and gentlemen
welcome to cooking with kites sneaker
unboxing Edition so you're probably
wondering guys how come you don't go to
the gym anymore I can't answer that
question but what I can do is unbox a
pair of sneakers now I don't have a
lovely assistant today because I
couldn't afford one because I spent all
my money on these but you know what I
can't afford a swag at the Dafydd
spinner that is available on all of a
sudden de tortue Saturday in Atlanta I
got an unboxing here I actually ordered
these geez when I order these I ordered
he's a while ago and they took forever
to come because the original person I
bought these off of didn't send them to
me so I used the goat app I bought these
two the Go app disclaimer this is not a
paid endorsement despite what you guys
think I paid for these I paid like a lot
for these just because of that tag you
might already know what these are
I'm so excited to have these Jumpman
right there here we go baby even though
I've seen these in person this is my
pair this is my pair this is my pair oh
my god
that's just what the off light Jordan
one oh my god brah we are cooking we are
cooking I'm sure you guys all are very
very aware of this sneaker and what they
are 85 where's all the laces that you
got all the laces in here the misplace
Nike Air this is the shoe where you
you're supposed to beat the hell out of
these you are supposed to wear these
like it is your everyday sneaker right
now this is my sneaker of the year I
wanted to wear these on my birthday
unfortunately I will be working on my
birthday I haven't told you guys about
this but I'm going to the Bay Area and
I'm I'm doing something and that means
of you I explained to you guys in
tomorrow's well you'll find out more
about it in tomorrow's vlog I want you
guys to witness how happy I am about to
be by throwing these on my feet right
now I need to try them on got like a
weird triangle pattern on the insole
insole is a little different you see
like the little patterns on there and
it's pretty cool
oh my god I'm so happy bro okay so here
is the process right now all my sneaker
containers are empty I don't want to
show you guys all of it because I'm
gonna save it for the apartment tour
another day another flight currently at
LAX headed to Oakland California I'll
tell you as more about this when we get
there but I'm going for a commercial I'm
gonna be in a commercial it's pretty
dope we'll talk about it when I get
there so okay
your boy just landed in Oakland let's go
you do check bets yeah I gotta back
thank you okay what am i doing in
Oakland I keep saying that I'm not
giving you guys answers I can't give you
answers I can't tell you guys this is
the first situation where I'm doing
something words it's I can't show you
guys I can show you guys later here's
the thing I have permission to film I
have permission to vlog but I can't show
you guys any of the footage until the
commercial is our car she'll be picking
us up in about thirty minutes I'm
actually not the only person in this
commercial I'm actually here with wait
hold on Joe does he look like actor from
what's that show oh ma you look like the
guy from Breaking Bad that's what it is
oh really am i tripping I'll have to
check that I don't watch it I might be
trip Walter White
are you guys sick are you serious yeah
no I mean I'm not I mean I I act I do
stuff in community theaters you know I'm
gonna show it in Nevada right now what
is our destination is it we have no idea
can we stop the Rudolph's yeah can we
stop it at McDonald's or Burger King I
came out darling are you guys we just
got here but I don't know if we're
supposed to film so I'm gonna put the
camera away got to try our outfits on
however idiots forgetting McDonald too
because they're getting everybody food
here we messed up all right guys so we
just finished fitting even though we
really didn't do anything
we literally walked in I tried on a pair
of pants you didn't try on anything but
the funniest thing happened the late I'm
sitting next to Ben we're chilling for
like 10 minutes the lady walks out and
she's like Ben and then yeah and then
he's like yeah I'm right here and then
she says how you doing and then I
introduced myself I said kites and then
she's like oh you Ben's dad I'm like
bruh I know I look old but
come on the cover-up the cover-up oh
yeah in the cover-up she's like oh no no
I mean you're the dad in the in the in
the scene I'm like nah I mean we were
laughing but we couldn't hold it in okay
so basically we got approval to tell you
what we're doing out here I know you did
it he said if you do that you can only
post it after really yeah damn it I
thought sure I thought you were trying
to I thought like I don't know if you
got that book cause it's kind of
confusing yeah okay damn you don't know
but low-key if I if I keep it low-key
and I just tell everybody to watch that
exact day then everyone will be
surprised so yeah I'm not gonna tell you
guys what we're doing out here
but I will be able to vlog it I just
can't post it right away but well it's
just way too small to the other ones
yeah that ladies is crazy I want this
all the back I don't like the back
I like this jumpsuit so hot well you
know where you got this one I got this
you know how much I like women that's
crazy
look at these I don't know how people
wait from you or can't do that what is
this I won't be so bad well oh my god
you need these breath okay guys so sorry
for being so discreet in Gucci I didn't
want to get kicked out inside the Gucci
store Ben was wearing his merch which is
inspired by Gucci so we were thinking
like what were the workers thinking like
they probably thought it's like all
these guys in here with some fake-ass
Gucci
Ben brought us in a fear the kitchen
yeah what are we doing
professional
we're looking for our uber we end up in
the hotel kitchen James yeah James for
marketing I think we came to the wrong
floor what did you press you pressed
beer and yeah how's the toilet kitchen
it's over it's not even or hotel either
all right guys I'm back at the hotel
room right now today was a cool day we
got to go around the city show been
around but unfortunately I did not cop
anything Ben did not cop anything even
though we basically we went window
shopping today so a sneaker con Atlanta
is this weekend and all the tour merch
will be there and I haven't stated this
yet I think I should let you guys know
that the Stan's socks the dream crew
stands collab socks there will only be
ten available in Atlanta and there has
only been 10 available in every city
that we've done so far for the tour and
the reason for that is just because they
only made 150 of them this was a very
very limited run so this is your only
chance to get these and Atlanta will
have ten and they will also have we will
also have all the rest of the tour merge
there all right guys I don't know if I'm
gonna vlog for the rest of the night
okay so the vlog was supposed to already
be done but me and I said she's gonna
let me open one gift right now so we get
the open one gift that packaging looks
crazy this is like a container and I
just came from a flight okay so wait I
didn't see it is oh so close your eyes
everything got everywhere I'm so upset
stop opening your eyes you said okay
this is what happens when you make me
travel on your birthday oh we gotta do
it open it every little thing has oh my
god Kenny earlier so that's what
triggered me to have you open it wow
there's a lot of thing wait what does it
say because you wanted it so here you go
I know what this is I asked you for this
and I was like hopefully she gets it for
my birthday where did you get this from
a pedra suffering from so
it's a free chopsticks you know we have
to get Chinese food now I'm literally
gonna take these with me everywhere I go
that I know I'm gonna eat this to add to
your collection
what oh really yeah
I thought it was a blow-up a ball this
is the blimp oh I'm gonna hang this from
my ceiling I just did a supreme
collection video yesterday you did yeah
because it's your birthday smacked me
yes so show them I don't know if you
guys know what this is I can smack you
know smack that and you hit it in so
yeah go I'm scared
no you have to do it harder oh my god no
it's gonna pop it has to fall no where
did you find this from that has to pop
no it's yeah then what's the point it
was supposed to pop I saw this right
away - mm-hmm
because you didn't get torches because I
did I didn't watch it the first time
Disney soon yes please we need to call
in the guardians of the galaxy right
mm-hmm I need to watch this ASAP
yes you been asking me for a bath balm
for like two years now guys
yeah we see people on Instagram like and
then hell yeah I asked if I can have
some candy to edit with tonight and she
said no in the lobby because we got
canned here we gonna be editing tonight
that's you
no does a warm-up get your actual one
until I think I should get one tomorrow
are there's one more
mm-hmm okay I'll wait till Thursday just
let y'all know I can use chopsticks oh
that's a lot hold on it's too much you
don't want not what your chopsticks
you're so weird
I got myself a gift you what I'm not
gonna show you why I'll show you later
tomorrow what is it
Paris wear shoes okay see this mom
