yo what is going on guys it's probably
so hard to pay attention to me because
the beautiful background but your boy is
right here in bass lake yes I know
you're wondering where the hell is
vastly I'm wondering the same exact
thing I have never been here before but
my good friend Yama who you guys have
seen in past vlogs he's getting married
here I actually vlog and III helped him
with his proposal
so it's crazy like a year later we're
here and he's about to get married today
I really want to jump in the lake but I
gotta get ready for the wedding but the
vlog doesn't start right here because
actually yesterday I vlogged with my
homie well I'll check this out yo what
is up everybody your boy out here in
that lay back again feels good to be
here but I'm on here for like five more
hours and then I got a leave to Bass
Lake and I don't even know where the
hell Bass Lake is I need to go get a
dress shirt and a tie I'm picking up my
suit later today I finally got myself a
nice suit custom fitted to your boy coz
your boy you can feel me don't go to the
gym okay so I'm just walking randomly in
the mall and this dude asked me for a
picture yeah this is your vlog I'm on it
no no this is I send this to my mom to
let her know what I'm doing here today
yeah that's why I carry my camera so
yeah we just have Beverly Center until
we get kicked out for vlogging here
low-key this malls a good place to vlog
because the walls there's like look like
there's we can maze like the security
would have to find me through all this
stuff alright guys so you boy just
cashed out Gucci $200 Gucci challenge yo
the ties are pretty cheap $200 that's
not bad for a Gucci uh tie no I need to
go to express you don't know what
expresses it was my first job she stay
true to my roots you know I'm saying I
might have a Gucci tie but your boy stay
in an express dress shirt you can barely
do it if you want to see my attempt at
doing that watch his vlog it was work it
was so bad it's worth going to his
channel and watching we got kicked well
we didn't get kicked out of the mall I
told us to stop vlogging in the mall so
you said you know what screw this mall I
already secured my bag from Express yo
look at this somebody legit did Donuts
in the middle of freaking what street is
this Beverly right any last words
I won't see you for a while I don't
think maybe Toronto oh no actually I'll
be in LA in
two weeks two weeks xxx weekend
and then we finally arrived here last
night alright guys so we just got to
bass bass Lake Texas I'm califor we're
in the center of California did you know
that yeah yeah we're in the center of
California Paris is here I don't know
why but I decided to get the suite we
got a jacuzzi
break it in okay I'm sorry I didn't
actually what he's in the gym return I
had a sneaker to unbox so hit the intro
unboxing here
I'm with Harris we need to talk about
this cuz I got a package Jordan Brand
hit me up they said they wanted to send
me these and I said say no more the Air
Jordan 32 is designed to help athletes
fly above Jordan Brand nice I love Italy
the necklace on the inside yeah
so here's the box right here yeah you
got the wings I was a huge fan of the 31
performance-wise when I saw the 32 F my
first thoughts were that I really wasn't
feeling it but there was a few videos I
saw in pictures that kind of made me
like that all red suede yeah that
colorway was nice okay I'm trying to
think
32 blacks Vin Diesel Wow
double wrap Oh No
what do you think so far first time
Russians I like this thing right here
the carbon fiber like literally out of
nowhere right here in the middle this is
like the same type of plate they had in
like the 29th
yeah but not carbon fiber they just have
a shank honestly I like these way better
in person than I do
I think there's our pictures bunch of
little details on here 23 on the laces
it's not probably real Italian leather
but it has that faux look to it
well that was at the point was that the
two was supposed to be about made in
Italy in Italy so when they had the
launch of it for this it was an Indian
and I was actually invited but
unfortunately I had to reject going
which it hurt me it really hurt my soul
that I couldn't go but I was in Hong
Kong at the time so feel the inside
wow these feel good bro I'll tell you
guys this a lot of Nike basketball
sneakers lately have been a size too
small like I've been needing to get 10
and a half in a lot of shoes because
they like this one le still has like a
little time on it didn't know this is
legit true to size I believe all the
other ones are pretty much booties that
you just easily refuse is not really
fuse it feels like you're getting still
the material if it's not yeah that's
crazy
you want me excited to open the record
here like a court for like tickets like
a basketball court no or the know where
they feel good they're lighter I wonder
if the LeBron up resist like this don't
battle it was blowing on this this is
Mike Jordan so yeah those are the Jordan
32s out out to Jordan brand for sending
me these and for always showing us love
definitely gonna be giving you guys a
very very on Court review of these very
very soon this is the future of
basketball right here and the next
question is do you think they're gonna
do every 330 mg so like the elephant
print if they're gonna do on whatever
should they do like the Roger Federer
Jordan like P ones that they made and
they just incorporated the help from
print on there so I think the 32 is in
fire stay tuned for your heads up Jordan
32 is your Union
now we are back here it is beautiful it
like honestly this reminds me of Lake
Tahoe and I feel so like relaxed and
this is I think I needed this like I've
been having so much on my mind with
YouTube and this whole tour and trying
to figure out what's next for me and how
can we reach a million subscribers and
and all this stuff that I'm so so happy
to be here and just clear my mind today
is gonna be a fantastic day man I didn't
upload yesterday and I just want to say
that I won't be trying to upload daily
anymore but I'm still gonna upload like
four to five to six times a week I just
want to focus more on putting in more
effort into the contact contact the
content I want to put more effort into
the content I feel like my content is
getting repetitive and that's definitely
not what I want to do is I don't want to
just you know bore you guys if I'm not
having fun with the content then why am
I even doing this I'm gonna try to give
you guys the best content I can possibly
give you and create stuff that I've been
wanting to create like I have so many
ideas on my mind but I haven't been able
to make them come true because I've just
been so busy and just distracted by
these mini side projects so hopefully
you guys haven't given up on me and the
crew because we still got a long way to
go we're almost 10 years into this thing
and I got another 10 years for you guys
if not more let's go get ready for the
wedding
we got like an hour and a half now
gotta trim the beard clean it up I got
my fit right here we keepin it classy
white dress shirt black tie black shoes
this suit is like a very very dark grey
I actually got it altered to fit me
perfectly because I've never had a suit
that actually fits me I've always just
bought ones that come in the size that
they're available and so I'm really
excited for this suit because I feel
like it will actually look good and I'm
not gonna look like a penguin Mina says
I look like a penguin penguin in a suit
but I don't think so I'm gonna go get
ready to shave up and I will see you
guys are let's see the transformation
ready three two
whoa you boy out here looking good you
know what I'm saying oh oh I mean
they're looking beautiful you know I
have to compliment myself because
usually I feel like I look like a like
really bad in suits but this is like you
feel me like this is something yeah you
know I'm saying it feels good am I'm
ready I might get married again who
knows okay as soon as you get on the
market all right guys so we're sitting
here and the reception should be
starting any minute
good vibes we're next the ring on your
finger check out the title let him know
so yeah congratulation here is Marjan
got everybody get laid tonight happy
life magician
we are gathered here today I've just
been handed some very important
information
