alright guys welcome to a beautiful day
out here in LA it's actually Friday and
as you guys can see I'm with a few
homies you know I'm saying you already
know them man we're not gonna do no
introductions
I'll link up down below you know the
giro anyway we're on Melrose of course
you know I'm saying and we are gonna go
hit up Mac Park the new location cuz I
haven't even been in it since they
opened up but we're gonna take a look
inside there see what they got we're
also going to really quickly flashback
because I just sold a ton of stuff to
Blake so we're gonna flashback there and
then we'll see you guys after inside mag
park you home saying alright alright
guys so we are at the crib right now
last week I told you guys that I'm
selling a bunch of this stuff to another
youtuber and here he is like when he
actually I'm gonna let him tell you guys
what he has going on because he's the
first out of like all the sneaker
youtuber guys who's actually you know
building his own I guess like company
slash empire off of you know reselling
so it's pretty dope that he's giving a
platform for his audience to get some
steals and deals so I was like you know
what instead of taking all this stuff to
no disrespect to Mac Park instead of
taking it to Mac park and consigning it
there I'm gonna sell it to him so that
he can give his audience some of these
products for steals and deals and we're
not gonna like go through everything but
basically I'll show you a few of the
stuff that I'm getting rid of because
people we got to pay for a wedding and
it's all-star weekend next week so your
boys gonna be buying stuff but anyway go
ahead and tell them I guess what you got
going on and your website alright so
every Saturday at 10 a.m. Pacific time I
basically do like a big drop where I
take anything that I have to resell and
I just throw it on the site but the
thing is I price everything in such a
way that you can buy it and then resell
it yourself whether it's like through
stock X through goat like eBay whatever
you want to do that you can sell it
through anything
and so Kaiser is nice enough to kind of
show me a lot of his stuff for prices
where I can still price it really really
really low and like you know not lose
my money so she would show a few of the
things there's a lot of like there's a
lot more random stuff and there's auto
really dope stuff like we got supreme
babe yeah and like some of the shoes are
actually really cool I think here's one
right there
yeah those can't show these the gold
supreme get up tempos these are actually
okay it goes yeah I was both reset went
down guys I'm even selling my freakin
Versace role not gonna be on the site I
was talking to me let's that you keeping
it I kind of want to I feel like that's
let's just say you better watch it
nobody's getting oh I never wore that
unless I had clothes on under I think I
only work twice for like a video I might
have to keep these yeah I gave you those
for a good deal too because I paid like
six for those and it a sex yeah I think
I'm giving it to you for four because
just it for me it's like I pile and buy
and trade a lot of shoes so I can make
room for new ones so I just wanna get
rid of those so cuz I know I'm not gonna
wear those cuz they're so bright these
are pretty cool
the Kobe's I wore these ones for CJ so
cool so hopefully that puts the value up
a little bit I did take an L maybe that
will decrease the value actually but
these are actually pretty safe oh yeah
he has the other one that makes up the
pack but he's not selling the threes
this one is pretty sick too
cuz this shirt right here this is a babe
shirt that I got in Hong Kong the only
way you can get this shirt is if you
spend ten thousand at the vape store
which is actually like fifteen hundred
dollars at the babe store and I got this
exclusive babe members Club Card but the
only problem is they only have an XL and
in babe I'm a to XL because if it's made
productivity so this is like an
exclusive one but I got it for free so I
wasn't really trippin off that one
there's a lot of dope stuff but again
all this stuff is gonna be on his
website so go to his channel check it
out he has like a office and everything
which I'm kind of jealous of because
I've always wanted an office but yeah
he's gonna have all this stuff for sales
so it's not just going some of its
probably going to his collection but the
rest of its gonna be sold online so
Saturday February 17th 10 a.m. Pacific
time shop just wing calm it will be
there ok guys so for those of you guys
that don't know the location of the new
bag park basically this street right
here this is Melrose and then right here
and it's over there right there where
Mike is standing so just look for this
barber shop
Floyd's barbershop and then go straight
and it's over here basically where uh
what is that banks is um probably yeah
South the banks so yeah just look for
that I mean it's kind of small but I
ain't no saying wait is anybody even
here this is what you do in your free
time
okay so last time I was here with you
guys we couldn't really show you what
they had in the store because it was the
private party this hardwood floor
hanging right here this was actually
from their Fairfax location when it was
on the second story they took it out and
they put it on the wall so that's a cool
little fact right there over here they
have all their high-end supreme stuff
you know the glass case I honestly want
that black shooting sleeve right there
but I'm trying to find hanno for it okay
so I walk in here and they got something
well this is not my size but I haven't
shown it yet on my channel I'm sure you
guys have seen it reviewed by every
other sneaker youtuber these are the
black cement Jordan threes that come out
next weekend during all-star weekend
definitely I think this is a sneaker
that you cannot pass on you know I'm
saying great quality classic shoe what's
the retail 200 idea yeah look at that
leather it's not like all right I just
got jacked yeah I do get to take these
home so I've been I've been looking for
these for a while the fairy god vans and
the black and white slip ons with the
strap finally got these ones for like
300 so pretty fair price so shot at the
mac park yeah I know I saw you on that
when you're showing the free-throw line
I'm picking up this guest ASAP rocky T
as well so getting the guest shirt and
vans so that's today's slight slight
pickup here Brad any last words for the
people yeah all right so Blake's leaving
with all my stuff thank you buddy
hopefully he goes to some of you guys
who pick it up but again guys go check
out his store and he's gonna be selling
most of it so yeah man any last words
besides my I'll let you plug your
website again go shop just weird
I might leave a link it down below if I
could remember yeah I'll definitely link
it down below if you and you guys want
to check it out I'll see you guys back
inside the crib all right guys so we
back at the crib right now and you know
you boy got a plug real quick the face
mask with private label are dropping on
the 16th these will be available on the
private label website so if you guys
want a dream crew face mask make sure
you guys go cop it and fill me lit camo
3m logo you know the drill you bought a
cop one oh yeah you could yeah you could
do that oh yeah we got your camera so
we're good show them what oh yeah three
mm yeah ooh you know I'm saying that's
good stuff like a car is coming towards
you and the head lights are shining
they'll see the logo it's worth exactly
exactly the Ranger
I'm dying anyway guys I don't know what
the hell is going on for the rest of the
day we're honestly probably more mics
gonna leave because he needs to go take
care of his apartment stuff cuz your
boys about to sign his lease he's gonna
become an LA native yeah so he's doing
this thing but yeah yeah I don't
honestly know what else was going on
today so oh maybe we can flash to the
unboxing I did yesterday because I did
get a package from Jordan brand like my
friends over a Jordan Brand let's go
ahead and see what Jordan Brand sent me
hit the intro so guys I just got this
package right here and I have no idea
what is inside this box I'm gonna open
it up now before I open it up I'm gonna
make a curse of what it could be and
there's three things that are on my mind
one thing is that it's possibly all-star
related the second thing on my mind is
it could be a black cement three and the
third thing it could be is a Westbrook
why not that's the new West for
basketball shoe and I really have been
wanting a pair because I've been wanting
to play no but if it's anything from the
all-star collection or anything that's
coming out in the next few weeks I'm
gonna be excited about it because they
are just dropping pure fire BAM you see
that fire you know I'm saying anyway
let's go ahead and open this up the box
is probably gonna give it away so I kind
of want to do like a guessing game type
of vibe so I'm gonna try to guess what
the shoes are by not even looking at the
box cover my eyes I'm gonna be using the
dream crew private-label facemask
available February 16th online but got
my face mask on
can't see no in here okay no no
obviously it's a sneaker box feels weird
I think this is a Westbrook
yo I was right huh
this is a Westbrook yes who isn't right
it's a Westbrook
ok I think this is gonna be the LA
Callaway oh no this isn't the LA
Callaway Wow all right guys so this is
Russell Westbrook's first signature shoe
well it's not his first shoe with Jordan
Brand he had a lifestyle sneaker but
this is his first performance sneaker
I've been saying I've been wanting to
play in these for a while now and this
colorway right here is just sick because
it has components of Michael Jordan on
there as you guys can see and then on
this shoe it's got Westbrook on there so
it takes the greatest of all time and it
makes is it up with someone who has that
same killer mentality
Russell Westbrook now I'm not in OKC
Thunder fan but I am a huge fan of
Russell Westbrook he is such a freaking
explosive and entertaining athlete to
watch I'm interested to see how these
perform on the court because there is no
flight plate on here the last few Jordan
models that Westbrook played and had the
flight plate so I'm interested to see
how they feel but yeah man I'll be able
to give you guys a better opinion on
this shoe and I do test them out on
court and honestly that might be right
now
so let's go ball alright guys so hope
you enjoyed that unboxing from Jordan
Brand we'd actually didn't go pay
basketball so I haven't tested out the
shoes but anyway I want to show you guys
something because as you can see right
here we've got a ton well we have
probably like 10 friends and family
private-label dream crew backpacks now
you know we did release these ones right
here the black and gray ones these ones
sold out so we don't have these ones
anymore
this is the friends-and-family one and I
was supposed to get these sooner but I
just got them right now but it's all
good because it came at a perfect time
because all-star weekend is coming up I
got a lot of homies that are gonna be
here for all-star weekend so I'm gonna
be able to gift them these and I'll be
able to show it to you guys before I
tell you guys what's inside of this I
want to do a little b-roll shots oh wow
so vibe to that real quick
okay so basically I am gonna be gifting
this to some of my closest friends like
youtubers people in the crew there's
something inside and what's inside is a
preview of what I'm gonna be releasing
now the friends and family bags at the
moment will not be releasing obviously
this is a sneaker bag so maybe that's a
hint but maybe in tomorrow's vlog or in
the next coming vlogs when I give this
to the first person then they'll open it
up and you'll be able to see what it is
but every single one of these bags has
that inside of them so I I'm I'm
actually not gonna show it to you guys
today but what I am gonna do is
everybody I do give this to they're
gonna get a mask how many do we have we
have one two three four five six seven
eight mm I know I was gonna play the
songs over you know so yeah so we have
like around nine ten of them I'm keeping
one of them like I told you guys I'm
done with merch like there's no more
merch like the merch hype is dead we're
only releasing dope premium products
next-level stuff you know I'm saying
like the face masks like who else drops
face masks
besides easy busted but my masks are
fired you know I'm saying three em on
the mask and I know you guys are
probably gonna be like yo guys give us
one of the backpacks give us one of the
backpacks well guess what anybody who
buys this mask right here one of you
guys will be receiving the private label
friends and family bags there's only ten
of these total and one of them is gonna
be given to one of you guys who orders
the friends-and-family mask and you want
to know how much these are these are
only gonna be $20 so yeah stay tuned and
those videos are gonna be lit and what
else do I want to say I did want to talk
to you guys about something because in
the world of sneakers there's not too
many days where you wake up and you see
like breaking news about some power
moves in the sneaker world so obviously
we wake up and we like oh damn like
Jordan unveils this shoe that's coming
out like that stuff happens but when do
you see like headlining news about
something in the sneaker culture so I
want
talk about that for a little bit so
we're gonna go to the chair transition
to the chair let's be honest the first
ever like official consignment sneaker
store was flight club yesterday I wake
up to some news that gold purchased
flight club and that's what I was saying
like you we never wake up to like
headlines of news like that like a Power
Move like that and it's just crazy to
show you how big Goat is now there's
probably tons and tons of questions of
what does that mean honestly we don't
really have answers at the moment but
usually when companies buy other
companies they tend to just stay the
same they're just owned by them so so
basically one of the questions I have
which I'm sure a lot of you guys have
too is are the prices gonna change for
flight club because flight club is to be
honest with you it's on the rather high
high end price point of sneaker
reselling so I feel like purchasing
flight clubs means that the prices will
become a little more balanced and
they're gonna be able to work together
and just make an overall better
experience for the in-store customers
and the people shopping off the go tap
oh great now Mina wants to call me out
of all the times right when I started
filming she wants to call me overall I
am excited to see what happens with
these two companies and what they are
going to be doing yeah pretty much yeah
it's it's a dope yeah so let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section down below of this happening
because usually we don't have topics in
the sneaker world to discuss this type
of information so comments down below
let me know what you guys think of this
ah I don't know how to transition to the
next scene so alright guys so I'm here
alone now feeling like Will Smith when
they moved out of the house but I do
have a question for you guys because
obviously you know your boy needs to
know something so me you know I'm saying
I don't really get myself into YouTube
drama and I also don't like to stick my
nose in places that it doesn't belong
and trust me I got a pretty big nose so
this bad boy can go really really far
what I want to talk about is Hogan law
now the reason why I'm not saying his
name is because I don't want YouTube to
de monetize my videos because of his
name or
it's image or whatever it is so we're
gonna go call him Hogan as you guys know
that dude's been getting himself in the
ton of trouble like YouTube just took
all his adsense away like that's that's
in its own category but like I don't
like to make videos about stuff that
doesn't relate to me like if it's
sneaker related yeah obviously like my a
lot of my content is sneaker related but
if it has nothing to do with me I don't
want to do it but I feel like I should
because I have an opinion on this and it
really it's kind of relating to me
because it's affecting my well it could
affect my living you know what I mean
obviously I make a living off of YouTube
and because of his types of actions it
affects me as a creator and as a
youtuber because they not only they do
punish him but then when someone does
something and it affects everybody
obviously I'm one of the people that it
affects so I just want to know if you
guys want me to make a video sitting
down and talking about my opinion on the
situation with him and and how it's
affecting me maybe this is what I'll do
I'm gonna actually comment in the
comments comments section of this video
and if that gets a lot of thumbs up then
I'll do it for you guys I don't know
okay so I already opened this up like as
I was walking back to my apartment so
we're not gonna hit the intro I ordered
this when it was on pre-order and now
it's finally here these are the Toronto
Raptors ovo inspired jerseys now they
wear these as their like alternate row
alternate like home what is the
collection called City series I guess
Jersey so I had to pick up this Jersey
I've been wanting the Toronto Raptors
Jersey for a minute
I had to go into rosin I've actually met
rosin once in Vegas he was super nice he
let me take a picture I was wondering if
Nike was gonna kill it taking over the
NBA and they have been killing it bro
they've been doing a lot of dope stuff I
really like this Jersey the other only
Jersey I want that to non Warriors
Jersey right now is the Greek freak
the Milwaukee Jersey that that cream one
is so late like I really really want
that one but Mina was getting on me
she's like why you don't even like the
box I'm like you don't have to really
like the team like you can like certain
players like it's 2018 you know I'm
saying nobody has to be truthfully like
100 you know I'm saying like what
like you knows any I still rep the
golden stores yeah I still rep the
Golden State all day guys Nike if
anybody at Nike is there watching it
you're bringing back all these Kobe ones
please for the love of God please give
us the Kobe 81 point game
make my dreams come true you know what
I'm saying I will buy 10 pairs of those
I do not care I need that shoe anyway
guys I'm gonna end the video right here
I hope you guys did enjoy this episode
oh also guys I'm dropping a banger on
Sunday so stay tuned
