I know this
whoa guys it's so loud here
so I was in Chicago like two weeks ago
for my tour which is still going on but
during the week we do not have any dates
so we only are doing weekend's for the
tour because school and all that but my
craft protect family hit me up and they
said hey champs just opened a new store
on State Street we want you to come
because we have a whole floor dedicated
to CREP protect and I was like alright I
can come Thursday so we made it work and
I'm here I'm gonna have a very small
meet-up at jams I honestly don't expect
too many people to come out just because
it's Thursday and as on top of that it
was super last-minute like I just
announced it two days ago but I still
went on Twitter and I saw that a few
people are already lined up so it's
pretty cool that people are still coming
out on a weekday and it's gonna be a
dope experience because this is not just
the regular meetup at like a consignment
shop this is a meet-up at champ sports
which is huge to me this is a pretty
huge deal which is it's it's crazy man
anyway I have about two hours until I
need to be a champ so I'm just enjoying
the city right now I guess I'm supposed
to meet up with some homies to do like a
little mini photo shoot I told him to
meet me by the bee
so that's what we're doing
alright guys so I linked up with the
homies hey what's up y'all how you guys
doing we're good we're good
this is the game plan all right so I
told them I wanted to do like a rooftop
picture but we need to sneak on to a
rooftop so I think we're gonna go for
this one one of those ones and try to
sleep on but they just told me that
there's a freaking Nutella restaurant
right now yo we for sure come in there
later after the meetup we got to get
some Nutella plate Batmobile Gotham City
hey Phil come on dark night out here
right yeah people always think it's New
York I'm like knowledge Chicago has a
big difference I can throw it away
I know from the little bridges
oh yeah
okay guys so we got to resort to a
parking rooftop which is fine
watch the lane
oh my god I'm Yusei
yeah hope they don't fall so I make my
Meetup okay
don't let go
let's make it right and
yeah so I'm just like dangling my feet
I'm supposed to be a meet up in like
five minutes and I'm doing this all
right let's get out of here
Oh mission accomplished anything for IG
shoutout to these guys for coming
through I'll link their IDs down you
want your ID or your Twitter both of
them whatever I'll link all them I'll
tag them when I post the pictures but I
appreciate them doing the photo shoot
the quick photo shoot make sure you guys
follow them they've got dope photos and
next time I'm in Chicago we'll do like a
legit one and find it like we'll do like
a nine time five but anyway we got a
rush rush the champ sports and do the
meet up there I got like five minutes to
get there so
not yet sick JC's here was good you
wanna it's been a long time since I've
seen you
it's been about like 72 hours yeah
exactly from Vegas to Chicago out of
nowhere
oh yeah Atlanta next week all right
we're about to pull up the champs right
now and I think there's a line you
already saw the line how many people you
either baby like 70 80 people at least
but I'm power would matter yeah
it's a Thursday to remember that
Thursday school day so the turnout might
not be crazy but people still coming out
to show love it's a chill vibe though
it's like like we're not selling merch
or just hanging out that's the thing
that I like all right guys so we in the
Champs Sports two stories it's lit I
want to check out the crap area all
right so JC brought some of his
collection pretty good lineup I could
have read it you know I got some gr that
would keep up with it like yeah I just
try to bring some things you don't see
other yeah these are the new sneaker
wall these are the new so these are the
new crest pace right here I will be
redoing my whole sneaker wall soon and
I'm gonna have the CREP crates right
here how can I get these two yeah I want
some of those too but my whole wall is
gonna be redone with these and the black
protects it from the Sun because I know
the ones that I have are clear but these
ones are black but we'll talk more about
that when I unbox them and they got the
3d picture booth over here I got to do
one of these
prototypes
all right so I could did he fidget
spinner on deck you already know what it
is so I just got back from I literally
just got back from I literally just got
back from Chicago and I was finishing up
the vlog to post and I was like you know
what let me just do a quick little outro
for you guys and give you guys a quick
update of what's going on with my life
because my life has just been literally
in and out of airplanes like I need a
private jet soon it's getting I got to
work harder and then we can get a
private jet the tour is still going on I
keep saying this the tour's going on but
it doesn't feel like the tour anymore
just because during the week we're not
doing any pop ups and the reason for
that is because obviously school is
going on this weekend there is no pop
ups because I am literally leaving out
of LA again tonight at 8 p.m. like I
just got back but I'm leaving for a
Yama's wedding my good friend Yama he's
getting married and then next weekend we
will be going to Atlanta for sneaker con
so Atlanta sneaker con is September 23rd
I believe and then on September 24th was
supposed to be the Orlando pop-up now we
are 50/50 on whether or not we will do
the Orlando pop-up just because of the
weather conditions over there I know the
storm isn't too crazy in the area where
the pop-up is just because we want when
we do is pop up in Orlando we want
everyone to be able to come so we feel
like we shouldn't have it just now and
we should wait and have it later on I
will update you guys soon with the flyer
information the DC date as well as the
Phoenix date I also just found that on
hope about a whole bunch of other
sneaker cons that are gonna go I already
knew about them but I can officially
announce them basically here's the
rundown for not just the tour but for a
sneaker call the next sneaker con like I
said is Atlanta October is Toronto which
will be part of the all of a sudden tour
in November we got the first weekend we
have complex con so I will actually be
at complex con and that will be with
cred protect and we have something very
very special that we're releasing and
that's all I can tell you guys right now
and then for the first time ever on
October 11th I believe is sneaker con
las vegas the first-ever sneaker con is
coming to Las Vegas so this is your
perfect
used to go in Vegas is tell your family
that you have or your girlfriends or
whatever it is your parents yo I got to
go to sneaker con oh yeah where is it oh
it's just in Vegas don't worry I'm going
for sneaker con so Vegas sneaker con and
then the weekend after that is Memphis
sneaker con this one is a curveball I
didn't even expect this and then also
they confirmed the New York City sneaker
con date which is like December 16th and
17th I believe so the rest of the year
is literally all booked for me I'm not
gonna talk too much like I said but
basically also today is Friday for you
guys so that means we are having another
online drop today today is the wavy baby
collab if you guys picked up something
from the first season that we did
together we did our first collab a few
months ago if you guys picked up
anything from that collection you know
that the quality is a1 the sweatpants
are Fuego and then the hoodie is Fuego
that matches with it the t-shirt that
and the two hats today at 6 p.m. Pacific
time so make sure you guys copy before
it's sold out because everything else
that we've released every single weekend
the first two weekends has it been two
the first two weekends everything sold
out what make sure you copy or collapse
stuff and again it's quality guys I'm
telling you this ain't no BS just check
it out man wave your baby alright that's
it for today I will see you guys
tomorrow with another video
