Oh 11 an all-white legend blue
so cool and any put his face on that
well we moving in I'm moving in I'm
ready for the thumbnail I guess if you
get the move in my house yeah that's a
good one
what's your stipulation I think that if
I win you have to post a picture on
Instagram saying CJ so cool is my
favorite youtuber of all time but you
got to do that you got to do the same
dope okay perfect I've already told my
camera down funny but I mean if you
think I mean can I get both can I Drive
the cart this is my kids heavy now
oh yeah out here right like we could
have just walked honestly put this is
the court right here man he's got
freaking mini-golf over there bro this
is so dope
this house is a dream house like we have
a pawn house koi fish in there and has
turtles in there that's the main part of
life and of course that right all right
CJ we are in your building this is a
home court advantage is going down on me
so I'll just preparing to dunk on kites
that's what I was about that is to at
least dark eyes okay there you go guys
how you feeling right now I feel
confident I lost my last 1v1 first cash
nasty by myself yeah hopefully we could
get our W today and turn CJ so cool and
to see J so cruel and you know for the
bat take the tape for so cooter so truth
okay guys first move matters a lot
the momentum going got the dunk
8500 another dump another done Hey
oh-o-oh game ladies and gentlemen it is
game CJ has won the match home court
advantage so cool and remains so cool
let's get you for a bit go not scared
surprise surprise ladies and gentlemen
this man is probably reason why most
youtubers don't want to play one-on-one
because they you know you can hear on
estimating the other guy his dieting
started yet he overheard dropping me
though I'm taking the L today
what's Chris are you gonna use for that
post Oh make it a good big take one
together no see I can legit like just
walk under the court this goes up in my
belly bro why well you got a TV in the
door
you better be watching my videos on I'd
be walking into the CJ so cool sneaker
room right here this is gold this is
gold oh my oh but you shouldn't have run
for us for us oh man yeah I've only seen
one and that was phase drugs so this is
my second time seeing one I'm at eight
hundred twenty three thousand yeah I was
trying to hit it middle by September
29th because that's my ten-year
anniversary on YouTube but it's like
YouTube's been really slow for me yeah
you know we gonna put his name of the
title here to get that me soon
another video with my man CJ so cool at
his crib and as you guys can see we are
in his beautiful sneaker room you ready
for this I'm ready for this but I gotta
say one thing this is not a sneaker room
okay let's correct your head but yeah I
was told that I have to wear this
blindfold for this video that's all I
was told I don't know anything else
yep so basically I've done this a few
times with other people I've blindfold
my guests and I give them a shoe they
gotta guess what shoe it is but usually
it's my collection today it's CJ's
collection so we're gonna see how well
he knows his own sneakers so we're gonna
do five shoes right now okay five shoes
if you listen listen let's make a wager
here okay oh my
I do I do I'm a betting man yes
let's say three out of five or should we
do four out of five we had a five is
great no no a lot of places own shoes
it's your own shoe base always go with
your first tasting all right first two
out of five but you have to guess the
colorway it's not just the model name
it's the colorway as well so and if he
gets three out of five then I'll jump in
the pool oh it doesn't get three out of
five why can't it be mutual pool okay
okay it's pool the loser gets pushed
into the pool goes on hands tied
backwards oh well put it on you said you
did it before I won't do this to myself
so we don't force you
I can barely use my mouth right now I
can't see but I can barely talk you lift
up that part okay you can hold it at
face level but I just can't be like yeah
you can't
I can't smell it you can smell if you
okay I need to smell it
okay you good I'm good how many fingers
okay we're gonna be pretending to punch
you you don't feel that I can utter the
wind okay there we go all right so I
gotta pick out the shoes okay we got our
5:35 right here okay I am ready try to
keep yeah try to keep your hands like
like at this level when you alright sing
him out ready yeah what is this shoe
no green where's the rain okay
see he's going for the little details he
knows that a lot of different shoes have
different accessories to them this has a
seven this is a seven Rachel seven that
is correct but what color way is it this
is definitely being this is this is a
you Rebecca
what made you know the little thing on
the yes I wasn't for that uh decide I
would have not known it oh yeah right
here right here there you go this is a
retro eight ah no it's nice is it twelve
correct that's only a ritual twelve you
said you wouldn't use PS oh oh yo final
answer yeah I know answer that's the
tricky one
you guys didn't get excited for me oh no
no no no not the swage not the gray
Suede's i cannot afford to lose this
early in the game I have to get to shoot
it he's checking if he's warmed up I
like that I don't want to get this wrong
man over your toes I'm just gonna go
with the gray twelve great off woof that
isn't correct
blue suede ones never once thought of
those the royal blue 12 yeah I used to
wear those so much yeah next one right
there oh this is designer definitely but
you got me right here blue Louboutins
got him hey how'd you know I know
because the other ones are white with
the oh yeah the full spiked ones are
white and then I know that I only have
one pair of Louboutins that are suede
with the spiked oh yeah I knew that the
next two might be a little tricky oh my
god so you are what two for three
yes okay so you just need to get one
more and you win that might be a hint
you might have worn a recently it's seen
11 that is correct to the patent leather
how can I tell the colorway I trust me I
show the camel if the shoe strings I
know my shoes I will only do this if by
playing these these have to be between
the space jazz and the legend blues Oh
white legend blue my arm is the size 12
it was between the two I knew them both
anything like this yeah
all right ready for the last one you've
already won now I'm going in the pool
but test your sneaker knowledge is he
gonna get 4 out of 5 right here BAM this
is why - ooh look this is not a joint
what the LeBron yes
oh my god no relevant I'm glad that you
introduced me to this game I am gonna do
this I'm gonna do this on my channel
with royalty yeah I'm over your heart
racing right now I do not like losing
and I do not want to be on camera scene
that I don't know my shoes you know I
don't want to do that all you know is
she's so man pick some dope sneakers he
kept it randomly which one did I miss
you but this is hard all of the Jordans
they feel just like yeah but this one is
the most of them are a leather upper so
I thought I would throw yo is that the
other one is wool oh those they don't
want us on the ban this one was the one
room is really about the feel I have to
feel those black ovo twist a little bit
more shape mm yeah this one's a little
more free yeah and then even with I was
originally gonna pull this one this is
what I was calling yeah okay so it's
little things like that that may be
wrong that's so crazy and I have to
start now I'm gonna come in here and
touch everything I have to touch
everything now I knew this one because
look we see the shoe strings I don't
leave my shoe strings like that so I
only did this because I was playing in
sneak economies remember yeah
so these are like played shoes now so
there look at him I don't care I just
threw him in there yeah it was between
those in my space guys that are playing
which are these but I don't even leave
these on time
look at that see and then I would have
had no room you see so I'm like it's not
the Space Jam room and this one is
leather right here so I was like because
I pulled out this
Oh so again this is alright it's like
that one with the upper this ball
alright guys so now your boy got to go
in the pool down take it to Al's man to
Al's at this crib so I don't know if I
could come back after this man it was
going in the pool and I already know you
guys are gonna say oh he's wearing a
t-shirt because he's fat yeah you right
your boy ain't in the shape so you boy
going in with a shirt I'm happy I'm
going in low-key
Bella Bella so another one are there
bill
the rock got choked down into the pool
we took two L's today but we're having a
good time at CJ's pit I'm gonna do a
back foot now no no look Timmy
hey don't lick me no looking all right
guys so I want to thank CJ for having us
over I appreciate it so much
anytime brother you know what it's crazy
I've always been caught saying to people
to ask kinds of smart brother yeah it's
true man we had so much fun yeah you're
fine man next time I come up staying
like overnight we're good like there's
so many ideas we could do here like I
got two videos in you got a whole vlog
in like there's so many things that we
could do here so next time I come we're
gonna think of ideas do some crazy stuff
like I didn't even vlog any of the pool
stuff we did but not what the cool stuff
yeah go to his Instagram to see the
trick shots we did yeah we gotta head
out thank you again appreciate you for
inviting us and having us you wanna do
the outro just tell them we are
