what up yo he just got to urban assess
well we just got to the malt going to
Herbie necessities we are a little late
but there's kind of a dilemma this
morning Omar whose flight got delayed
this morning has all the free stuff that
I was gonna give away and it's already
11 o'clock and the Papa was supposed to
start at 11 we're behind on everything
I'm not gonna be able to give the free
stuff to the first few people because we
got to get the line going just got to go
with the flow I guess all right guys so
we are setting up right now but we left
the first five in so these are the first
five guys right here right you guys all
came together or what Oh YouTube what
times you guys come the p.m.
oh wow what have you guys been doing oh
yeah you sent me the video I'm gonna
have to play you guys later there can
only be one true first person
rock-paper-scissors two out of three all
right you guys can choose how you play
Rochambeau or whatever it is I don't
know it's going down we think yeah I
like that yo do me a favor go grab me a
nine and a half gzb too great
again the easy path yes you Sookie
Blake's in the building
what's up how's life pretty good dude I
haven't seen you in a while
yeah it's been too long man long but the
tour has been crazy I've been watching
yeah you know you know that's that life
Blake hasn't been to any of the
international sneaker cons but Atlanta I
would drop out of high school for you to
sew your lines in second you emerging
cracking all right guys welcome to the
first ever edition of sneaker roulette
that's what we're calling it I don't
know why but basically we finally got
the wheel here and it's got free crap
merch $200 shoe a free 3m bomber $20
heat Locker play and anybody who buys
merch today will be able to spin this
and win whatever is on here originally
there was supposed to be easy on here
but as you saw we gave it easy to the
first person in line this is the first
time we've had any game like this in un
yeah you got now this is pretty dope man
first person go ahead let's see what he
good anticipation killing
Murch Ola sneak week on merch right
here's a collab with sample it thought
you'd toss it out so that's like a only
one fun day right freak rapper tag a
CREP is good to vent he won't he won a
protector and he sprayed it on already
so right now I'm working in Louisiana in
New Orleans and then I drove San Antonio
pick up the family yeah San Antonio
hotel house it'll pick up my nephew oh
my god and I'm from El Paso here 1,500
miles damn must be exhausted
200 all this shoe boy yeah he gave me
the look I said just look around find
the shoe for 200 and just let me know
we'll get a few shout out to my cousin
because she says I'm never gonna make it
but you know rising all the way to the
top damn go to the top don't listen
today right we redid the wheel now as
post-it notes most of them or else
except right there that says Y Z Y
that's easy so if you land on the EZ you
win one easy the boy is in the building
the boys in the buildin CJ so good
thank you here I'm late man you want to
spin the wheel
what's the wheel so there's a wheel hell
it's a whole bunch of elves but there's
too easy have anybody going yet no
you're not eligible to win easy I'm not
but let's have you spin for someone who
wants ok so you'll spend for him yo-yo
so my man right here is putting up it
easy for the people right sir all right
we're gonna link your Instagram down
below let me just show you guys what is
on his feet right now you guys probably
don't even know this existed crazy
alright yo when I come to Detroit if I
ever come to Detroit good we're gonna do
a full collection oh yeah
100% 100% you're first he's first he's
first so he gets first dibs
imagine you win so easy right away hey
you gotta
there you go we got one more prizes of
swag Aditi fidget spinner oh wait a
minute what's in the box
look he was just he just put like well
how much did you play 60 bucks oh my god
it's a prank
oh where is the most excited is I'd
really love a good breakup right so I
really get the bag now it would be
better feel something that could fall
that's the thing but it's so the little
hook hangs there
salty tell me you're salty for like one
second when you heard it yeah the thing
inside the thing so I was like guys guys
I am breath yeah but that being can't
fall
so basically Farooq has been like
talking about trying to win the bag all
day long so I told JC I was like yo
let's go take it off the little hook to
make it look like I won and then
everybody gather around there so it was
kind of like a perfect setup and
everybody just started screaming
everybody so I was like all right so
we're gonna fake this win when Caillou
ox over we're all just gonna start
screaming and yelling everybody's my car
he must have prank first ever I swear
y'all trying to play it cool you guys
were trippin that's good you make
youtube videos dude all right Kay's got
a new whip something for the kids
daycare coming through I don't know
where you live I'm just hoping we could
start off being friends I hope you
understand I'm not out here to impress
but I try so hard to do my best in that
first dress oh my god yeah I keep him so
close and I wonder if you go to say Si I
wonder if you're happy and I wonder if
you're sad just okay guys so on the way
back to the hotel we stopped at on the
arm because this is like the supreme
heaven in here and I didn't get much I
got a boxer's which is nothing crazy was
like 25 bucks this place if you need
supreme and you're in Vegas you come
here they got all the dope stuff but be
ready to spend supreme ain't cheap
what's happening everybody saw what it
is currently like 9 p.m. we are
here now at TopGolf by to meet up with
JC and we're about to do some what is it
called like what does it call the range
driving range I've never done I've
always wanted to do it we just catching
vibes you feel me so this is my first
time playing any type of real golf I
know this isn't like a real game with 18
holes but I've only done mini golf and I
love mini go up so hopefully I'll enjoy
this I heard this is a big stress stress
reliever higher and you've been
stressing me on the tour so maybe this
will help us Oh
GM right there he scored I've scored
it's crazy you get points
you had three points so every every bulb
that he gets it into it's a number of
points your projection who's gonna win
and who's gonna lose I think I'm with
underdog and I'm home for the W go over
the W yeah I don't know I never played
golf before so I'm looking good i real
golf but not this this is like I've
never done this but I'm excited I've
always wanted to do one of those
pictures we have an L right there good
target you got this focus on the ball
oh oh that's three do you got red so we
got these donut balls and you inject it
with the flavor you want all right let
me try this although
a fire can just throw it on there stick
it in stick it in first
like gentle like you're doing something
illegal huh yeah
ready fire
all right guys top golf was absolutely
hell of fun I almost won but then
freakin Omar got a hole-in-one and he
got like 30 points and he beat me in the
second game but it was fun to just do it
and kind of figure out I still don't
know how to swing or anything but it was
really fun to do we're about to leave
because they're about to close but get
one more in Finn
I don't even know how you feel about me
I don't even know how I feel about you
I've enough - not for the past few weeks
I don't got a clue
