alright guys so just got back to LA I
was in the Bay Area for the day tomorrow
is the pop-up that's why these guys are
here
geum's busy DMing girls right now GM is
back on tour with us finally OSI pop up
at Mack Park today I mean tomorrow and
then Las Vegas at urban necessities on
Sunday did you see people are already
camping since yesterday two days people
have been camping camping for two
freaking days man's about to get the day
started
the tour continues all of a sudden you
see what I did there
oh I almost hit the fire alright guys
we'll see you guys at the crib
alright guys so we just got to the Grove
and first things first I want to say
that I am exhausted
we released the hi beast denim jacket
and the height miss height B's t-shirt
the denim jacket sold out in freaking
like four to five minutes that's insane
that is literally insane so shout out to
everybody who copped don't forget next
Friday is another drop because we doing
an online drop every single Friday it's
gonna be late beginning so I was trying
to get that bag brothers secured to the
back yo it's crazy how much it affects a
Jordan one when it's a mid top with the
jump men on the tongue rather than a
high top with the knife year on the
tongue and that was a high top Jeter it
would have sold out instantly shut Oscar
I mean
I like don't like he's doughnuts I guess
I don't know why
oh it's Friday isn't it that's why the
Grove is popping today it's time to eat
I think we're gonna get your polar it
was either Chipotle or blaze pizza but
I'm pretty sure we're gonna have pizza
tomorrow oh you know what else we should
do tomorrow Wingstop before we head to
the airport yeah oh yeah that's if you
want to get to it's on the way if
anybody wants bomb-ass Chinese food but
they also don't mind going to the
bathroom for 40 minutes after go to
nomads in Long Beach it's in Long Beach
I got it for sure
I get myself y'all yeah people on earth
yeah but recognize and recognize officer
I want you to pick your top five
favorite sneakers in my collection top
five with GM GM those the sneakers you
just sneak ahead yeah I love once I have
a few pairs of one since it limited
something simple are you looking for a
shoe that's inspired by the aquarium is
Ray Allen 13th I love 13th I want the
Flint 13 so when they come out if
anybody has a size 10 10 and 1/2 let me
know I'll call them off y'all I guess
I'll go with these I remember when they
came out like everybody was having them
like crazy I found a few pairs but they
turned out to be fate all right guys
there you have it GM's top 5 in my
collection one day when I go to sack or
probably for the pop-up GM could bring
his top 5 in his collection easy 750s is
one of them and I want to just set up
the camera and sit at my table all
formal I want to talk to you as if you
guys are like a homie that's just
chillin with me at my crib you know to
be honest with you guys my goal was to
hit 1 million subscribers by September
29th that's my 10 year anniversary for
when I started my first YouTube channel
it would take kind of not a miracle but
like it would it would be insane for it
to happen and I can't release the
content I want to release to make that
happen because of everything going on
with the tour and no excuse it's at the
end of the day this is all my fault
I know we will hit a million a million
before the end of the year that's a fact
we will hit a million that's not the
point of this talk I hear the point of
this talk right here is basically to
basically talk about where my YouTube is
at and where YouTube is at itself if you
guys follow me on Twitter tweeted a few
times that YouTube keeps lagging my
videos as being inappropriate for ads as
soon as I upload a video
it says inappropriate so they're not
actually watching it it's just based off
of a title and a thumbnail when in
reality my titles and my thumbnails are
not inappropriate at all and even if you
watch my content I don't say any bad
words if I do say bad words they get
bleeped out that not only affects you
know my income when it comes to YouTube
but it's also hurting I believe it hurts
the views because when a video is marked
as inappropriate YouTube doesn't want it
to be seen as much as a video that isn't
inappropriate so it doesn't really get
suggested which means it's not getting
to new subscribers which means we're not
growing it is on its unmotivated but at
the end of the day I started YouTube
because I love to create videos and I'd
love to share it with the world and
entertain you guys so regardless of you
know people viewing it as much as usual
or if I'm not getting paid as much I'm
still gonna do it because I love
creating content and that brings me to
my next point I hate the content I'm
making right now I feel like I'm only
uploading just to say I uploaded and I'm
only uploading just to keep like holding
on to that rope I'm not gonna make this
all dramatic and be like I'm quitting
YouTube or I'm not gonna upload anymore
it's no I just want to tell you guys
that I hate my content I feel like I've
been making the same content for over a
year now and it's getting old like if I
wasn't me and I was watching me I would
get sick of myself and I would leave I'm
not here to tell you guys I'm not gonna
stop uploading I'm not here to tell you
guys there's gonna be changes but I just
want to tell you guys that I personally
am NOT happy with what I'm doing on on
YouTube I feel like I don't like my
content it's to the point where I hate
editing I used to love editing because I
was excited about what I was editing and
I was excited about sharing it with the
world now I just edit and with the
mindset of like I don't know if they're
gonna like this like this is okay I got
past today now what's next tomorrow I'm
not having fun and that's why I started
this whole thing and I hope you guys
keep running with me
you guys keep you know keep supporting
me and and let's hit this million man
this let's definitely hit it there's
been so many things outside of just at
creating videos that I want to do and I
haven't been able to do them because
I've been so focused on both videos for
you guys and that's the realest I can
get that's I just want to say thank you
for listening to everything I just said
because I feel like I just vented to a
friend I feel better I do feel better
and just saying everything I wanted to
get off my chest
you know me complaining about it is not
gonna change it and I need to actually
go out and take action and make it so
you know we've been here since Thursday
morning that's how much the air
freshener costs anyway the ticket will
give you an opportunity to pull out of
the box and air freshener you pull the
green one you win the easy of your
choice
alright guys so we just got back Park OC
and we're setting up right now
the swagga diddy what's in the box
fidget spinners are finally here
GM's back to work so my man right here
he made this he started at 8 a.m. at our
OC underscore ome yeah do I get to take
this home and start oh my god this is
sick I took it from the Instagram you
had like a bull the supreme my Mickey
first appearance was good so sold
international Mac Park dream crew collab
we got mac park crew o7 on the other
side so there's a hundred of these but
there's only one of these so we sold
some raffle tickets so the winning one
gets easy yes
zebra or cream with their choice we got
some other goodies for the people so
they've been here since Thursday man
that's freaking insane and Mickey
invited some of them to the private
party that was on Thursday too right
yeah they came to hang out with us ate a
little bit got him drunk I mean we did
virgin drinks okay keep it PG here no
way I don't wait for this
behind-the-scenes back Park OC good
let's put it in a whack ass
yeah let's put it in like a ugly-ass box
because when you walk out with the brown
they're like
automobile slippers Oh
Oh
alright guys so the pop-up has been
super lamp fire kicks in ability lately
Oh
look at these guys working hard or
hardly working
alright guys so we're wrapping up the
pop-up but I got to give a huge shout
out to my man now you guys have seen him
before you've seen him before we gave
him the L in the scavenger hunt today he
actually is a YouTube channel so I asked
him to come film and get some b-roll so
all the b-roll you saw today was shot by
him so you know I'm gonna link them down
below and go ahead and plug whatever you
want bro man this this relationships are
the way else guys now we're making out
for we got a little partnership so you
might see more in the future but for
sure subscribe and my girl was on yeah
she was doing the DJ work right there
she out there yeah but yeah like you
said we will be doing more projects
together cuz he's in the LA area as well
link is in the description box on to
Vegas our flight is like in four hours
so we're probably gonna go eat and then
go to Vegas and get ready for tomorrow's
pop-up so I'll make I'm excited for
Vegas I've told you this before I'm
gonna say it again stop bringing me
hurry go gummy bears okay we can't eat
this anymore if you're gonna bring any
bring the her Evo frogs the rainbow
frogs okay that's the only ones we will
eat we don't want any more of these it's
becoming too much I'm getting too many
cavities please guys please stop
bringing these okay there's like five of
them here
hi guys so we are leaving right now look
at this we go we gotta take this home
but it's beautiful reactions what do you
guys think I'll pay up how about I have
I have his Instagram we'll hit him up
and be like hey make one of you and yg
and you'll give that two ideas a makeup
gift great so you're gonna hang that
above your bed babe yeah oh yeah
I love when they just have my car ready
for me you know I'm saying you got
shotgun I'm gonna get kicked out of this
mall get banned I can never come to Mack
Park again
aha okay guys we just got to the airport
you boy
I'm excited bro going to Vegas keeping
the pg-13 though just no family we out
there for business potential reasons you
know I'm saying tour life EXO tour light
good I'm dying ship struggling we're all
walking haha let's catch this flight cuz
we don't catch ELLs I'll see you guys on
the plane okay I lied we already in Las
Vegas brother plane ride with super
super let your boy was playing Mario
didn't even give us drinks American
Airlines you becoming the new Sprint our
spirit was it called all right guys
let's go to the hotel
we are in the hotel guys I got Vegas
vibes even though we're not going in and
you out anywhere
I got a Vegas vibes mean up we've got to
share a bed oh man I'm so excited to be
in Vegas but it is currently 12 a.m.
walk the strip and then call it a night
nothing too crazy cuz we got to wake up
early and get ready for this pop-up you
know I'm saying back-to-back nights
alright guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
how was it for this video and uh well
maybe I'll check in with you guys or
maybe not if I don't check in with you
guys before the end of this video you
know what happened in Vegas you know I'm
saying
