he said that what stop do you try to
dunk on me I'm not dumb yeah I almost
fell for it alright guys I'm pulling up
for the first time ever I'm going to
witness this with my eyes it's it true
if it is true I'm going broke very very
soon because when I was in one of these
stores I spent way too much money
oh my god there it is LA coming soon we
bout to go broke we all go and broke man
I don't know why but I kind of feel
rusty vlogging in LA I feel like kind of
uncomfortable in I feel like I don't
belong here why isn't this working
been like 20 minutes I can't get this
thing to work it's just not popping up
on my screen
well it works but I can't forget a
reporter and he went my electronics get
messed up it's like the worst feeling
ever
all right guys so quick update from
yesterday's video with the whole stock
ex thing stock XD did actually reach out
to me and they didn't threaten me they
didn't say anything negative which I
really was I really appreciate that as
they saw my point of view they actually
respected what I said because I didn't
just bash them I didn't say stock ex is
selling fakes blah blah blah blah like
no I told you guys what could the
possibilities be to where the tag could
be fake or anything like that and it
turns out that they actually sell those
fake tags on eBay
I don't regret uploading the video at
all I think I did a great job with it we
just get things moving you know it is
what it is YouTube life alright guys so
we just got to Beverly Boulevard and I'm
waiting for Othman to pull up he's like
around the corner and there are like I'm
not even joking with you guys there are
like 20 TMT cars TMT is familiar weather
if you didn't know the money team I
think Floyd Mayweather is shopping like
literally right here and I'm kind of
scared to go over there cuz I don't want
them to think I'm paparazzi with my
camera oh yeah well you guys what if you
maybe weather little over there because
I feel like they're gonna think I'm
paparazzi but you can't have like the
camera like pointing no no no I'm not no
I'm gonna turn the camera off and let's
see what happened
you got no line at your booth he got you
- that's a wild and Brook I've seen him
like twice in Vegas one time out of club
and then one time like he was walking
and he was surrounded right oh yeah yeah
alright guys so we just got to Orange
County because Mickey he's gonna be
giving us our first little where we
going so here's the thing we have two
entrances to this story this is a new
shopping center so a lot of stores are
still like in construction I should do a
one-year pop-up here will they give me
free rent here's a rough preview Burbank
we have Jordan box so we decided to make
a big uz box yeah the whole wall with
the tag right there
Mickey has a surprise for me but I have
no idea what it is I don't know about
talking about that yeah you know I
showed him in Hong Kong I don't know
when I thought about this we were you're
blessed to have a big crew and they
always want to come take a picture with
you yeah and I was like man I'm this
case I immediately thought how to make a
section for them to always take a
picture with you here coma coma okay I'm
scared
we got the LV pre here brick yeah this
is so freaking though you got the mag
park joint oh my god that is so sick
that the camera was real that's so
freakin sick that's crazy that's so dope
I should drop just like this on Saturday
just stand right here which one Scotty
if you guys come here make sure you take
a picture with this in the tag me look
at the detailing the shirt the chain the
camel zebras those are zebras to here I
kind of look like Buzz Lightyear Loki
yo that goes to cash in trade puttin me
holiday listen for me lower yeah
probably I should have been at least 15
top 15 he put out me that 10 he put rice
gum at 9 like bruh bruh I'll be right
someone I want
throw it down Shannon Brown
what are we gonna call him mini Kai's
it's great to finally meet you buddy
nice to meet you can I touch your beard
please might be a I've never touched my
own beard before I see you got some fire
on you got the Zebras on that's dope you
got a nice girl I like your teeth thank
you thank you
we're gonna have a great relationship
I'll see you later buddy yeah so the
pop-up will be here Saturday we got to
talk about what we want to do I got a
ton of stuff I'm giving away are we
going to talk business so imma talk to
y'all later
yeah all right guys the quality is a 1
on this you guys can see it is actually
stitched none of that like you don't
have to sell a family giving away for
free Oh what three so we got all this
sample dream cruise stuff and I was
thinking like what can we do with this
and I was like you know what let's just
give it away to people at the LA pop-up
we'll save a few for Vegas too because
Vegas is this weekend as well some of
the shirts left there's not that many
shorts because shorts were the hottest
item I got a few jerseys left I'm gonna
give those away so la pop up this will
not LA OC pop up this Saturday grand
opening of mag car I just want to show
you guys what you're in store for
cuz we got we got tons of prep to give
away and then we got tons of merch to
give away and I got a few sneakers to
give away so be lit alright guys so I
thought I would do something interesting
for today's vlog for some reason when
you give your opinion some people think
that you're giving facts but in reality
an opinion is not a fact so you can't
hate me for my opinion you have to
respect it I'm going to give you guys my
top ten street wear brands at the moment
now this is not a list of all-time so if
I were to do a list of top 10 street
wear brands of all time it would be a
way different list this is in my opinion
the top 10 street wear brands at the
moment you guys could definitely leave
your comments down below to give me your
top 10 or top 5 or whatever you want I
also had a poll on Twitter so a lot of
you guys did vote and I will tell you
guys more about that later before we get
to number 1
I want to make a disclaimer some of
these brands are technically not
considered streetwear I feel like they
are in that market at the moment because
of the people who are wearing them or
just because of the hype so coming in at
number 10 is V lone a few months ago V
lone definitely would have been higher
on the list but with everything that's
happened recently with ASAP Bari and his
whole scandal and all that stuff I'm
putting it at number 10 and honestly if
I could think of another brand it
probably would have taken V lone off the
list because I personally don't like V
lone or I've never been a fan of it for
now we'll still leave it there at number
10 at number 9 I have antisocial I put
it at number 9 just because I feel like
the hype is definitely dying for that
brand there hasn't really been anything
crazy from them this year so I feel like
they need to be higher on the list at
number 8 is palace now palace is
probably higher on a lot of people's
lists but for myself I'm just not a huge
fan of it and I don't think that they
have done anything super crazy as of
late to build their hype up and get them
super talked about I really don't see
kids on the regular wearing palace I
feel like Palace is way bigger like in
London and and on the East Coast I don't
know I just feel like they really
besides like their collab that they did
with adidas I really haven't heard of
them doing anything else to put them
higher on this list but that's just my
opinion I might mention the word collab
a lot on this list because I feel like
collabs builds a lot of hype for both
sides I'm gonna use the word collab a
lot at number 7 I have champion now
people probably consider champion not to
be streetwear because it's like
available in Target and Walmart's and
stuff like that but then there's
different levels to it you know what I'm
saying it's like the champion that you
find that Walmart and Target but then
there's also the champion you find at
Urban Outfitters and PacSun and
everywhere else champion has been
killing it the last two years Kanye wore
it which built a lot of hype for it they
also did like the collab with babe not
too long ago and they've got other
collabs that I heard like I heard
they're doing an off-white champion
collab champion has been
well-established for so long now and it
might not be considered a streetwear
brand but at the moment it's something
that a lot of people who are into that
stuff are wearing so
I think it belongs on this list at
number six hello at number six this one
might get a little hated on but then I
feel like a lot of people can agree with
me I have vape at number six like I said
earlier if this was a list of all-time
then Bape would be topped to top three
but this is at the moment they've
released some great pieces but most of
the stuff they release is just looks
like it's the same repetitive stuff
there's nothing wrong with that like I
just went to Hong Kong and spent like
$1,200 at the bait store because that
was the first time that I've ever had so
much bait in front of me for retail so
of course I was gonna cash out having
access to it for retail is what I get
excited about but as far as like the
hype and it being like top top hot
brands right now I don't think bait is
that right now but again it is
well-established and like I said it
would be in the top 2 or top 3 if you're
talking about brands of all time in
street wear at number 5 which is holding
on to the number 5 spot like this one is
potential to fall down to 7 or 8 in the
near future I have fear of God last year
this this fear of God would have been
top 3 in my opinion this year they
really haven't done the packs and drops
which you know that's more available to
people who can afford it rather than the
high-end version which is a little more
expensive I personally have never bought
anything from the from the fear of God
high-end I love the packs on version of
it everybody loves the fear of God vans
it's crazy how much those are reselling
for the next vans collab that's dropping
is super super anticipated and unlike
most of these brands they have something
that we are currently waiting for we're
waiting for that release date we're
waiting for that collab to come out so I
definitely had to put fear of God at
number five and number four is a sleeper
the reason why I have this at number
four is just because people probably
wouldn't even look at this as a street
wear brand it's probably just look at it
as a store but to me this is a brand
that's killing it hit Ronnie fake Ronnie
fake whatever however you say his name I
don't know how to say his name but he is
killing the game who else do you know
who one week they have a collab with
Adidas and the next week they have a
collab with Nike and then they have a
collab with the D dislike Nike and
Adidas don't even care at this point
because he's just putting out anger
after banger he is like brought he's
doing collabs with coca-cola oldmagie
captain crunch adidas nike Scottie
Pippen like going to their stores you
can have cereal like cereal cereal
cereal it could possibly be even number
three but I put it at number four I'm
still looking for that Power Rangers
collab that they did I need some of that
stuff come on like an ultra boost soccer
shoe like come on now
number three is probably gonna piss a
lot of people off because it's not a
street wear brand it's a high-end brand
I believe it belongs on this list and
that is Gucci I really don't know how to
convince you that it belongs to be on
this list
oh god please no no I see kids who have
never bought any high-end stuff in Gucci
shoes I see them in know Gucci backpack
so Gucci hats I feel like Gucci although
it is high-end they're making stuff that
appeals to the street wear market Gucci
has just been killing it I hope that it
doesn't become too much to where the
brand gets out played out but I don't
think so just because of the price
points and just because it's been so
well-established for so many years this
year right now gucci is sought-after for
people like myself before i get into
number two i want to talk to you guys
about the poll we did on twitter so i
asked you guys the same question what is
the hottest streetwear brand okay so
there was a total of 10,000 and 300
votes on twitter you can only put four
options so vape got the lowest
percentage at 13% other got 16% off
white got 25% and supreme wins with 46%
so shout out to everybody who voted on
my twitter at chi so mark follow me now
my top two coming in at number two is
going to be off-white I don't even need
to tell you guys why the Nike collab is
that's the one shoe for 2017 that
everybody's going after I don't care if
it's the vapor max the Jordan one if you
can get your hands on any one of those I
feel like you'll be happy because
off-white is killing it I heard they're
doing a collab with LV I don't know if
that's true also heard off white
champion collab like I told you earlier
just those Jordan ones like in my
opinion that is the shoe of 2017 that
sneaker is better than all of them now I
don't even have them I don't even own
them yet but I will very very soon and
at number one it is no questions asked
so cream is the numb
oddest streetwear brand at the moment
and they've been for a while now and
they will stay there for a very very
long time people are camping out like
literally the drop is about to happen
tomorrow and people have been lined up
there since Monday or Tuesday it's
insane how people die for supreme or you
know put countless hours camping for
supreme in' and live and breathe supreme
i love it man it's crazy what supreme
means to people and how we can make
people money and how people camp for it
and all that stuff and they're gonna
continue to do that i don't think any of
these brands have a chance of coming
close to knocking them off the
number-one spot as being the top brand
out there so yeah that's my top ten feel
free to comment down below i have a
flight to catch in a few hours so i'm
going to go edit this video and not get
any sleep but again your boy pop up this
saturday as part of the all of a sudden
tour let me show you guys some of this
stuff we're giving away this crap
protect bunch of boxes right here i'm
it's gonna be there and he's going to
Vegas Sin City Sin City TJ so cools come
in Blake wins come in Jay she's gonna be
there Brookes gonna be there GM's coming
GM returns to the tour that's big news
GM is coming for rube that's a Farooq I
think I said Farooq now I talked to him
oh yeah online drop one more thing
online drop is this Friday 6 p.m.
Pacific time the hypebeast collection
shirt and the jean jacket both going on
sale a lot of people are asking how it
fits it fits true to size true to size I
don't know the price point I have to
talk to Farouk but I will tell you guys
the price point tomorrow and that's it
now too much talking oh yeah
