good so I'm currently at Mack Park
Burbank as you know but don't forget
this Saturday is the grand opening of
Mack Park OC in Buena Park and that is
also part of the all of a sudden tour we
will be in there it will be extra live
oh my god with size of these and then
Sunday we will be at urban necessities
in Vegas probably gonna plug it one more
time before the vlog ends so just a
disclaimer okay guys so I'm looking
around I found a few things from the
first week supreme drop I believe I
wasn't here so I wasn't able to get
anything oh man these boards are sick
too
all right I got a few things that I'm
thinking about getting maybe the nas-tee
the hoodie the baseball jersey but I'm
not a hundred percent sure yeah you guys
hear the lv lv off-white rumor they're
saying lv off-white I thought they
didn't happy alright guys so I thought I
was gonna leave and check out and then I
saw this and I have to run back up ha
the LV supreme camo jacket right here
it's had a super super steal so I might
have to pull that I mean it's the best
of everything that I like the supreme LV
collab as well as camo and it's a denim
jacket like it's not my denim jacket
that goes on sale Friday joon-kook comp
but it is what it is so I think I'm
gonna take this alright so nas-tee right
here I don't know who knows is but I
thought it's not just kidding of course
I know who knows is mate me now is the
best and I remember when that music
video was so controversial because they
were on the crosses him and Diddy I
honestly don't know along no I don't I
know his songs when they come on you
know what I mean but I don't know the
names of the damn songs I don't know the
names of half the Tupac songs either but
when they come on you know every word to
it all right guys I'm passing on the NAS
tea because uh it's too expensive I
don't want this color either and now
they won't let me buy it because I
didn't know more than one na song so
we're gonna put that to the side where
they have a beer ever be a Kanye
this is oh my god paperboy $500.00 used
size 10 1994 this is over 3 K and 30
years old oh my god and it's wearable
because these are used so they won't
crack on you right away probably but
where it started this changed the
sneaker game right here know your roots
you know your roots like a bald head
alright so I'm also getting these
Warriors shorts from the Oh 9 season I'm
gonna have quite a few things here I
need to do an updated supreme collection
cuz I've stacked over up since my last
on breath
successful trip to mag park it's always
fun coming back what you got a fake let
me see
no way we just got some interesting news
guys
interesting Intel but the tag they make
fake tags now or no these are their new
tags they replace them because they're
square ones but the circle wants to yeah
look at the stickers over the square
it's a fake guys listen I'm not here to
expose anybody all right guys there you
have it disclaimer I am NOT signed or
sponsored by goat I'm just I'm just a
vlogger I'm just a YouTube sneaker
vlogger so I had about twenty more
minutes of footage that I was going to
add to this vlog but I wanted to cut it
out because I wanted to touch on what we
just saw basically while I was editing I
was having second thoughts of including
the footage of somebody bringing those
fake Jordan Elevens to Mac Park the
reason why I was thinking about not
putting it in the vlog is just because
I'm not here to try to make enemies I'm
not here to have people hate me or
anything like that but at the end of the
day as a vlogger and someone who's a
sneakerhead
I put myself in the same positions as
you guys so this could have happened to
any one of you guys that's why I feel
like I should do this because I want you
guys to know that even a trusted website
like stock X there's a chance that you
could end up with a pair of fakes and
maybe 99.9 percent of the time it's
gonna be a hundred percent authentic
that's what they are known for is they
legit check a sneaker so that you don't
have to worry about getting trades
or getting scammed same thing with the
goat if those if those sites right there
can still have flaws in them if those if
they can still approve fakes then that
just shows you that it could happen
anywhere so my suggestion is for you
guys to be extra careful make sure you
still take that shoe to someone who
knows sneakers to double-check that shoe
for you to make sure that you are
getting your money's worth now to touch
back on what we saw that shoe that
Jordan 11 Gama was a thousand percent
fake Jamie checked it Steven checked it
and there was a lot of flaws to it there
were a lot of things that were off it
was a hundred percent of fake stock X
when they authenticate a shoe they
attached that little green tag to it
they used to have a square tag that was
like this shape but people started
making fake ones of those so they
replaced them with the little round ones
and when it comes to those little tags
once stock X puts it on the shoe there's
no way of taking it off and putting it
on another shoe unless you actually cut
it that one I checked it it was it was
on there as if it was the first time it
would was ever on a sneaker so it wasn't
like somebody cut it off and glued it
back or it wasn't like it's something
that it's removable it's it's literally
stuck on that shoe to let you know that
it is 100% authentic again I don't know
if that shoe even came from stock X
maybe someone made a fake tag and put it
on the shoe to trick people to try to
sell it and people will trust it because
it says stock X so I don't even know if
stock sock X is at fault you might not
even buy the shoe from stock X you might
buy the shoe from eBay but it has that
stock x tag on it because they want to
trick you and make you think that that
shoe was authenticated by stock X they
might be tricking you too to make you
feel like you can trust that eBay seller
you know what I'm saying like it's not
just about stock X getting exposed for
selling a fake it's about that tag being
not a hundred percent trustworthy so to
anybody at stock X was watching this I
am NOT here to expose you guys or take
shots or try to make you guys look bad
ok I think I said everything I want to
say I hope I made myself clear if I
don't do it then
else is gonna do it who else is gonna
let you guys know that you can't really
trust a little green thing on your shoe
of course I'm gonna end the vlog with a
little promotion I will be doing the
pop-up this Saturday as part of the all
of a sudden tour in OC as the mag part
it is the grand opening of mag park OC
this Saturday and we are having are all
of a sudden tour pop-up presented by
CREP protect at Mack Park OC grand
opening on Saturday so make sure you
guys come and then Sunday we will be in
Vegas at urban necessities with my dude
JC so OC and Vegas I better see you guys
this weekend we will have merch for sale
and everybody else that can't come gym
crew comm this Friday online drop 6 p.m.
if you are new to this channel please
guys subscribe because we are on the
road to 1 million subscribers my goal is
to reach 1 million subscribers by the
end of September and I know that sounds
kind of crazy but if every one of you
guys who watches my video actually
subscribe then we can make this happen
so please dream crew subscribe I'm out
of here I love you guys that I did I
mentioned that it's six freaking am
right now
and I haven't slept I'm still on
Australian Tire
