as for the fight take a chair I used to
be telephoto Ronny
like Irish
okay so we just got ready we're about to
head out Nina out here styling profile
if you already know what it is shout out
to the Nature Boy
well I can't babysit who anyway we ain't
taking my car today your car yeah you
don't have your car but your boy got us
a nice whip for the day this is for the
day I didn't buy it for you yet maybe
one day something a little nice you know
I'm saying we're going around Beverly
Hills you got it you got to fit in right
here just for this day for fun the
Hollywood lifestyle yeah Thunder my name
so I have to drive I'm not taking no
risk these cars aren't made to be
comfortable that's the thing when you
get your girl a Ferrari but you enjoy it
more than her so for the agenda today we
are about to head to our favorite
restaurant out here in LA and after that
I think we're gonna go hit up like Rodeo
Drive and hit up a few stores keep it
chill it is Labor Day so like a lot of
people are off so it might be a little
crowded today but let's just say Boyd
made reservations
he had a bunch of bitches loud enough
for me
selphie game i personally if I was rich
I wouldn't buy a Ferrari I would buy a
Lambo I still have my goal to get my I
ate but I got other priorities first
which is like getting a house and which
rich
so I'm gonna take her home when I get
back to my apartment I'm gonna check in
with you guys has they got a few things
to talk about and I got a few things to
show you so see you guys at the crib
good what is Gucci everyone first then
first and first I want to say I do not
have any pants on I'm in my underwear
cuz I want to just be comfortable I am
finally back in my apartment I miss my
apartment I miss my shoes
this Saturday the tour continues the
tour is not over guys it will be every
single weekend until the end of October
even when that ends we still have events
after that that I haven't even announced
yet but anyway quick plug shout out to
Stan's socks for sending me some socks
this is like a beluga inspired song and
then this one is just like a black and
purple one but it's super super late but
then also I got a plug my homies who
helped me get the Ferrari today I'm
gonna plug them a million times follow
them that's their accounts follow them
I'm gonna link them down below they're
the reason that I got to drive around in
that cool car today hopefully if you
guys do follow them and they see that
you guys followed them they will let me
you know rent more of their cars maybe
I'll get a Lambo for a video or
something like that comment down below
think of ideas that we can do for future
videos together maybe some pranks maybe
some dope sneaker related content with
dope cars I don't know there's some car
you know what I mean just something like
you know I mean I don't know if you know
what I know what Saturday we will be at
the grand opening of MAG Park in Orange
County though I guarantee if you are in
the area all my Los Angeles crew all my
OC crew all my Southern California crew
this is the grand opening of what is
going to be one of the best sneaker
stores in all of California period I
haven't even seen it I'm actually gonna
go check it out later this week before
the pop-up but this Saturday is the
pop-up and I'm going to be giving away a
few things I'm actually going through my
sneaker collection figuring out what I
don't want I'm not just gonna be giving
away stuff at Mag Park since Vegas is so
close I'm actually gonna give away their
sneakers right here those are all gonna
be given away at Vegas and in LA and
this is just some of them like these are
just some of the ones like I've never
worn like ones that Under Armour gave me
there is some better stuff in that pile
but I don't want to show you guys
another great thing
being so close to home for these
weekend's pop-up experiences is that I
get to bring a ton of this stuff my
pillows all the best sneaker cleaner in
the mother frickin game crept protect
I'm gonna bring a bunch of this stuff to
Vegas and LA and I'm gonna give it away
somehow I haven't figured out what I'm
gonna do either first people in line or
raffles or you know anybody who buys
merch they'll get some free crap I don't
know I don't know how I'm gonna be
giving it away
but there will be tons of crap to give
away and then also I have I have a box
of merch sitting in the back of my car
right now
I'm gonna bring that with me and I'm
gonna give some of that away so there's
gonna be tons of free stuff and then
there's also gonna be the merch which
you guys can cop the merch is the tour
merch My Mind's moving like that 5000
miles per hour right now now if you
cannot attend any of these pop-up
locations you can still cop some merch
because every single Friday for the
month of September we are doing an
online drop so last Friday was retro
week you guys killed it they sold out in
one day and this week we are doing our
second drop this Friday at 6 p.m. this
week's theme is hypebeast we are
releasing the much-anticipated
highly requested dream crew denim jacket
there's only a hundred of these denim
jackets so if you really want one this
is your only chance I kept it very very
simple on the front of the jacket
because I want it to be super super
wearable know what I'm saying dream crew
right here in that metallica font
Thunderbolt we've got the height beast
world champions right there it's not
hype these champions guys it's high
peace world champions that was the
original color right there that dark
blue and they washed all of them to get
them to this color right here so yeah
pick that up Jim Kirk on this Friday and
then also as part of that drop I will be
dropping one t-shirt and that t-shirt is
one that I'm very very excited about
because that t-shirt is Mina's
first-ever
merch t-shirt and she didn't even come
up with the idea I came up with the idea
Mina will be getting her own
tshirt and it comes out Friday with the
denim jacket I don't like calling it the
MENA t-shirt so we're gonna call it the
Miss hypebeast
t-shirt there will only be a hundred of
the Miss hypebeast
t-shirts it will be in men's sizing but
it will be made for men and women so it
doesn't matter if you're a girl or if
you're a guy you can wear it yeah man
that's pretty much it I promise you guys
that tomorrow the vlog will be very very
different from today it will be back to
what it normally is we are very very
close to 1 million subscribers we're
about a hundred and eighty thousand
subscribers away from being at a million
subscribers and my goal was to hit it by
the end of this month September so we
can hit it right on or before the
ten-year anniversary at the pace that we
are going right now it's not looking too
good but I still have a lot of faith and
I will upload a new video every single
day starting right now until the end of
the month hopefully reach this goal and
I'm going to do my best to release some
of the best content I have ever released
on this channel this month to keep that
pushing so all I can ask for is you
guys's help and support dream crew let's
keep on growing let's hit that million
subscriber mark by the end of this month
I really think it's possible I really
really think it's possible so let's make
it happen I'm out of here guys good
night
