what's going on guys today is a big day
because today is sneaker con Australia
out here in Melbourne Melbourne Melvin
Melvin when I start the blogs off on
sneaker con days I'm so busy that I
don't start it till I get there but
today were actually up early I actually
have been up since we've been I've been
up since 4:00 a.m. editing and I kind of
take like a little nap and then I woke
back up we're going to sneaker boy right
now not the one that wouldn't let us
film in the other one that's close to
our hotel because I want to go cop
debate eqt adidas collab hopefully they
have them I think they have them someone
told me they're gonna have them gotta go
try to do a sneaker pick up before
sneaker con which is the first time I've
ever done that and then we'll head to
sneaker combo we're pretty good on time
so we're pulling up and it seems to be a
lie
yeah okay guys I bashed this stupid-ass
Thor sneaker store yesterday today I'm
gonna bash them again because people
were lined up here I don't know how
early they came and then everybody that
was going in was coming out empty-handed
so we were kind of like we're like yo
what the hell why are they are their
sizes sold out or what's going on they
come out and they tell us like oh they
don't actually keep the stock in store
I'm like what what do you mean so we go
inside and I asked the guy and he's like
yeah we ship it to you so literally
you're camping out to get the shoe sent
to your house in like two to three weeks
which is what that got other would one
of the customers said so we waited and
we were about yeah I was literally
putting my information okay whatever
size 10 was sold out I put size 10 and a
half I'm putting my information and
somehow someway it's sold out by the
time I want to check out so I might as
well just stayed at home and try to do
it online like what that's the worst
process I've seen from a sneaker store
if anybody working at sneaker boy
whoever the owners of sneaker boy is
this is the worst process I've seen
sorry if I sound like I'm complaining
and people are gonna say don't whine
don't whine don't whine but it just
sucks when you wake up go to get a shoe
in person and they make you order it
online that's the dumbest thing I've
ever heard that's ridiculous anyway Faru
got his pair what size did you get I
didn't really want him I was gonna get
him cuz he was gonna get him
whatever is left how's the lineup all
right guys so we just got to sneak a con
first-ever unboxing at sneaker carnival
net not really unboxing but this is
right here the first-ever collaboration
sneaker khonshu with sabotage selling
them over there I think they only have
like 20 pairs I'm not sure what this
says you know it's a sabotage this is
sabotage and everybody this is the first
ever sneaker con cussed them back right
there yeah the back is so so camel right
here too
hi guys so we are setting up now for
sneaker con all the merch is on the
table this dance socks only ten cents
off here cut protect collab you know
what it is cuz Haley a pop we had the
crept protect booth as always and the
crews already lit was good y'all
all the way over them and shout-out to
the Australian crew showing love already
it's about to be super super lit man I'm
excited to meet everybody have a good
time and we just did the online drop too
if you guys want to cop anything online
joong-gu calm
Oh
alright guys so I called too close
alright guys so as I showed you the
other day my man right here and he's the
one that we met at the airport
we got dream crew tatted on him that's
show him now officially he's not gonna
post pants down like you did at the
airport he's gonna pull his shorts up
but check it out man that's great
is that your only tattoo they first had
oh no way
really I was going to get their dream
crow 7 logo somewhere but that's kind of
big this kind of thing so I just wanted
to get something to show tell passionate
I am about supporting you and your
channel side and that means a lot you
kind of made me want to get one too but
she won't let me my brother Charlie and
the lawn and my beautiful girlfriend
here thing with me
she didn't want to leave me when you got
the tattoo right not no okay good good
so multiple people have been coming up
to Achmed today and telling him that his
Easy's are fake your boys get an
authentic check them because you know
people out here you know
we just want to prove the haters wrong
Achmed everybody's accusing Ahmed of
having fake easy Thank You fan legit
check yeah my my heart kind of pounding
my reputation the line can't wear big
stuff disrespect the culture
musashi Versace Versace Versace Versace
Versace we ended our line but we still
got a line at the booth somehow butter
butter movement he brought some fire
with him so this might be the best table
in the building right now so we gonna we
gonna do a little a little transition of
what they got here
okay so this one right here stands out
the most to me I know there's tons of
heat here but this is something that
I've been after that friends and family
maroon human racer got to get these one
day it's gonna cost me a lot I turned
down paying I think five grand for these
because at the time that was like way
too much money I don't know man
hopefully we can get and wanted to get
you soon
thanks Auburn yeah thank you free beer
brick can I have one of these for free
right how's the big man October 24th GM
we taking you to the aquarium in Atlanta
your Magic City on a Monday majesty on a
mod aquarium on a Tuesday and that's a
wrap person a kook on we'll see you guys
next week in LA had the Mac part oh you
see pop-up shop and you never know GM
might actually be there so alright guys
so that is a wrap for sneaker Con
Australia melborne it was lit I'm with
my man's how was it it was muy know the
line I mean they put me in front of the
door I I didn't I was terrified half the
day
I think our lines connected at one point
where it's like people went from yours -
mine mine - yours but it was fun man
they showed a lot of love I didn't buy
anything you buying it I bought like
three things but anyway guys if you
didn't know exactly one week from today
will be the tour stop in Las Vegas and
of course we're gonna have it at un so
we won't be there it's gonna be crazy I
already know you guys got crazy stuff in
the keymaster
I'm pissed somebody won that friends and
family human race for the other day yeah
you know crazy right and when caught it
on his blog yeah I saw that I watched it
because of that tour merch the hoodies
the jackets that will all be there I'm
sure we're gonna you know have some
surprises for you guys but make sure you
guys come out man I'm excited to go back
to Vegas and yeah
it's 8:00 a.m. here sneaker called
Melvin sneaker Kong Hong Kong as well as
all the other stops that we have gone to
on the tour we have done eight pop-ups
in the past three three and a half weeks
and every single one of them has been
truly amazing we still have all of
September and October we're gonna be
doing pop-ups every single weekend for
the rest of the two months you just went
to Hong Kong and we did sneaker con
Australia that's huge man who would have
thought that sneakers of all things
would change my life like this and bring
me to these types of places and when I
say this is the start this is literally
just the start the tour is gonna be like
I said September and October every
weekend this Saturday and this Sunday
are the next two stops for the all of a
sudden tour presented by the Kratt
protect family this Saturday will be the
grand opening of MAG Park in Orange
County but when apart I will have the
address down below this is huge because
me and Miki have a few things up our
sleeves so I promise you you guys want
to pull up to that if you are in the
SoCal area and then this Sunday is Las
Vegas at urban necessities with JC we
also have some things that we are
talking about yesterday that we're
planning for it
I got a few sneaker youtubers out in
Vegas who are gonna pull up my boy Blake
win as well as CJ so cool is probably
gonna pull up I need to convince him I
gotta call him up and be like yo CJ you
need to pull up so CJ might come through
I don't know yet i'ma hit him up though
and then also I woke up this morning and
all the merch was sold out from the
first online drop and that means now we
are focusing on the next online drop
this Friday at 6 p.m. Pacific time again
and this week the theme is not retro
this week the theme is hype bees finally
releasing the much-anticipated denim
jacket there will also be a shirt in
that collection and there will be two
hats in that collection but everything
will be very very limited it's gonna be
way more limited than the first drop so
online drop is on Friday
Oh C mag park pop-up on Saturday urban
necessities Las Vegas pop up on Sunday
and then after that the rest of the tour
continues so I'm gonna be out of here
I'm probably gonna put my camera away
and I'm not gonna vlog because we
literally have a 15 hour flight and we
land tomorrow morning which is Sunday so
I'll probably not there's nothing
interesting at the airport to vlog so I
will see you guys back in LA again shout
out to everyone in Hong Kong and
Australia for all the love and I am out
of here
peace out dream crew make sure you guys
subscribe bald also because you know we
need a million subs soon so we can give
away 10 pairs easy sorry
