I'll be spending some women's that's
true too much Tennessee did you got some
Gucci fit flops fellas
alright guys so day two out here in
Melvin that's a right Melbourne alright
guys so another beautiful day out here
it's a little chilly but I feel like
it's not as cold as yesterday agree not
that bad you heard you hear fire cakes
forecast I want to start to vlog off by
doing an outfit challenge because Mina
has a fire ass outfit ayaan oh yeah hold
on stay right here though let's do it
outfit challenge right here I have a
whatever outfit I think Mina's killing
that outfit but let's do a boyfriend or
girlfriend outfit challenge so here take
over let me explain what I got on okay
I'll go first
first first you know 3m dream crew
jacket my own brand available on tour
you know what I'm saying this is I say
Luchini Moschino collab with
transformers this kind of price how much
this shirt go for like 300 things like
300 dream crew chain exclusive friends
and family you know adds a lot of points
supreme supreme lv supreme lv I always
rock with the G smart pants their little
beat these are like my favorite jeans
all-black joints and then I get a lot of
points for the shoes because we got the
fragments on one of my favorite shoes oh
yeah man corn hat Mitchell ns it's a
Mitchell and that's how the back of the
oh yeah the back of the jacket so my
outfit total probably comes out to like
2,000 something without spending an arm
and a leg
I've got oversized you know time chains
we can wear it as a dress the details
though that's number one for
sure okay I put some shirts underneath
you know just in case you never know for
shoes wise you know first we're gonna do
the creamy Z's with their one time I
thought it'd go well with the white you
know white on white vibes and then of
course you know shout out to Beyonce
with this one which is always nice if
you want to talk about price points okay
I may not have $2,000 shoes on but I got
a $2,000
it's over it's over okay so I think I
think me know won that one but you guys
can comment down below who you guys
think has the better outfit I know a lot
of people are gonna say her just because
it's off-white
I have mac park at and I have my own
jacket so that I feel like people
wouldn't give me points for that but
yeah yeah the shoes and the belt do give
me a few points but comment down below
who you guys think won that and now
we're gonna go grab ourselves a great
all-american breakfast oh yeah I should
have pulled out the wallet you know hey
you know your boy woulda got some point
cheering oh you know Chanel hold on show
them here they're gonna hate on the
comments for sure this forever 21 bomber
jacket cheap and looks good
fear of God basic T adidas sweatpants
you got the vans on something classy you
think I've hit him with that Louisville
Tonka they design it you gotta give a
little ID on yourself too you know I'm
gonna die everyone's gonna be like fire
kicks with his fire kicks
the world's big not the world's biggest
the biggest mall in Melbourne okay so we
just wanted to speak a voice here at the
woman Chadstone mall and they were not
letting me film and on top of that they
wouldn't they have shoes on display that
they wouldn't sell and I just got a
noise so I just left so I didn't even
film in there I didn't even check out
what they had store look dope like I was
ready to buy some things but they were
just like oh you can't film me it's
weird because we were in sneaker boys
yesterday and they let us film like
everything and they were like hella cool
yeah so they they kind of like we're
kind of yeah they repel annoying so we
left but we're still gonna walk around
it came out a while ago to it yeah look
the link back up we are here waiting to
get in line I mean waiting in line to
get into LV Gucci was lit like Gucci had
some dope stuff to add to her high beach
life she got some more Gucci stuff I
think good she's pretty high fees right
now would you agree
until I saw just on today today I saw
someone say Gucci's like at a party
exactly that's what I thought I'm like
we then took a minute and I was like all
the little tigers and jaguars exactly
like I still like Gucci from just saying
oh I can see how they meet their
resemblance I understand that too but
it's not somebody they don't never do it
what's up family all of a sudden yo say
what's up hey to add more about my
situation with that sneaker store over
there I hit up JC who was there two days
ago and they said that they let him film
so they wouldn't let me film so I don't
understand that and I was trying to
check out the story filming like why
can't we film thing yesterday went the
other way we did a full-on video if
anything it's you know it's called
promotion all right guys so we went back
to the Gucci store to get some
flip-flops for Farouk but they ended up
having something that I've been looking
for for so long now we are gonna leave
them all because I've done maxed out too
much shopping no more shopping for the
rest of the trip unless we buy something
from sneaker Cohn but I doubt it so
you're down we'll see we'll see alright
we're gonna get out of here we're gonna
go to do some tourist thingy but we'll
check in with you guys there alright yo
what up all of a sudden family okay so
we just left the mall and we finally
made it to our destination that right
there
once it's called the melbourne melbourne
the melbourne star so we're gonna go up
there
zero like you know I'm saying we out
here she'll fire kicks pulling the light
Tony D they do what I got like a cracker
back at it was full so we just got done
in the big Donald's playpen everybody's
leaving oh I got the bag ready for
sneaker console yes sir y'all ready come
exclusive Myrcella will execute on
tomorrow is sneaker con the first ever
sneak on in Australia I'm actually
really excited to see how the vibe is
Tony you ready fam would you cop in you
know I'm good mate I'm ready mate you're
not gonna buy anything
now the resale game is too strong out
here come on man
we can't live you guys gonna do a little
bit better to reset well I mean I
understand the struggles real but yeah
it's a little bit too much you ain't
heard Oscar bait I can wait
all right guys so we are back at the
room right now we're gonna show you guys
all the pickups we got the suede whole
not see the lighting on here because
velvet yeah you got the velvet adidas
pink slipper I have the same one a navy
blue like I'm over the pool Ariana ones
I guess I'm overseeing those everywhere
and then she also copped this fire ass
nmds that look he matched the sandals
it's like a dizzy camo pink and this is
perfect because it literally will fit my
drone the controller and maybe like a
few other things so it's the basic Gucci
black on black print just like my Gucci
hat those are all our pickups now today
is a very important day because today
the first online drop for dream KU calm
now people always ask and always asking
what am I putting merch online when are
we putting rich online well today is the
day because every Friday for the month
of September we will be doing an online
drop at 6:00 p.m. on Friday so this
Friday is the first one which is today
for you guys today
six pm Cali time PST Pacific right
Pacific time not specific Pacific time
will be the first online drop and it is
the retro week
drop so there's gonna be seven items for
sale and each item is going to be
limited so once it's gone it will be
gone forever it will be worldwide
shipping so no matter where you live in
this
you can order it and we will ship it to
you so make sure you guys get it if you
want it and then next Friday we'll have
another online drop but it will not be
the same thing alright that's it I'm out
of here dream crew
