thank you Steve oh yeah
oh my god we are in openness
bellboy
alright guys so we are in Melbourne's
Melbourne Melbourne however the hell you
say we are in here we are here and it's
a beautiful city our view is so freakin
amazing right now
we're about to leave our hotel in a few
seconds but I wanted to just turn on the
camera and talk to you guys about two
shoes right here one of the shoes I'll
talk quickly on and it's this one right
here I picked these up from a Sydney so
this is actually my first sneaker pick
up this entire trip from Hong Kong in
Australia I didn't buy anything I didn't
buy any sneakers in Hong Kong and these
have actually wanted for a while now as
you guys know I'm huge ultra boost fan
and this is like kind of like a mid top
ultra boost the soft liner right here
goes to like the ankle area the little
funky tongue these were kind of pricey
it was like 360 Australian dollars which
equals like 200 something dollars but
that's how much they retail for in
America as well so it's basically the
same price the bottom is like made for
hiking so it's a thicker outsole which
is also like on the new Pharrell's yeah
most are hiking
anyway those are pretty dope and then I
also wanted to talk about these right
here the vapor max I've been wearing
these my entire trip probably like every
ever every other day I throw these on
here's the thing with this shoe so these
were given to me by champ sports and the
reason why I even said yes to getting
these shoes is just because the deal was
that they would send me a pair and then
we'd also do a giveaway on my Instagram
to give three people a pair of vapor
Max's and a signed draymond Green
basketball so what I want me talking to
the camera right now about the shoes is
not even part of my campaign that I'm
doing with champs and it's not even a
paid endorsement at all so I just want
to put that as a disclaimer I'm not
getting paid to promote these shoes I
just threw them in my luggage because
they're super light they weren't gonna
make my pack my luggage any heavier so I
threw them in there and I brought them
with me and I wore them around Hong Kong
and I kind of fell in love with these
which is funny because I talked a lot of
about this shoe like I
the first person to say that the shoe is
super super ugly and I still think the
bottom is a little ugly but the comfort
makes up for it I regret not giving
these a chance earlier on when they
first came out one thing that I never
told anybody what I told my friends and
people but when this shoe first came out
a company not Nike directly but another
company that was selling this shoe hit
me up to promote the shoe I rejected the
offer because I didn't like the shoe I
didn't want to promote something I
didn't like that's that's how I do it
with like sneaker promotions and stuff
you always see me unbox shoes and I give
my honest opinion and sometimes you know
companies do come to me for campaigns
and they offer me you know X amount to
promote a shoe and me I don't like to
lie to you guys and I'm not gonna say I
like a shoe just because I'm getting
paid to do so I'll tell you guys the
amount I rejected to promote this shoe
and that amount was $5,000 I got offered
five thousand dollars to promote this
shoe and I rejected it because I didn't
want to promote something that I didn't
like so for me it's not always about the
money it's about you know giving my
honest word and hoping you guys trust me
and understand that I'm not just
speaking because of money I'm speaking
because you know I'm passionate about
sneakers and I want you guys to actually
leave my word when I say I like a shoe I
don't like his shoes now that I've tried
these out I definitely regret rejecting
that offer because I would have actually
liked the shoe but it is what it is yeah
that's pretty much it that is the vapor
Max and if you guys want to enter the
contest that I'm having with champ
sports go to my Instagram it ends on
September first or second I can't
remember but go to my Instagram for the
full rules alright so now let's go get
this day started we've got a whole bunch
of stuff to do today there's tons of
stores out here that we're gonna hit up
all not tons but a few stores out here
that we're gonna hit up probably gonna
wear these today so
alright guys finally out and about out
of the hotel it took us a minute but we
here and we are about to go get some
great American classic food right now
found ourselves a Taco Bell so let's go
ahead and grab ourselves some tacos and
some bells we're headed to Taco Bell
guys let's go and we are here wait a
minute
Taco Bell fam come on mate and you
cheers mate Mexican is Mexican food so I
guess we're gonna eat this you know I'm
sayin and another crazy thing I forgot
to mention to you guys too when we
landed here in Melbourne we got off of
the plane and there was a whole new
waiting day with the Space Jam hoodie
The Dream Cruise Space Jam pudding and
he said I have something to show you and
he showed me that he had dream crew
tattooed on his leg that's a freaking
insane man tattoo oh my god all of a
sudden shout-out to him man that's crazy
that's like diehard dream crew love
right there we'll see him at sneaker
conscience so I'll get him in the blog
to actually show the tattoo kind of made
me want to get one but I don't know I
don't know if I could do it she won't
let me all right guys so Mexican food
was actually pretty lit now we're headed
to a few sneaker stores
everybody's here Tony in them are here
all right right here there Tony
Ahmed okay never mind
- nasty just picked made a video about
his top ten YouTube basketball players
and your boy made number ten but shout
out to cash I appreciate the good
comments I've made his salty because he
didn't make the list but he actually
calls him out on on his channel so I'm
in the cash nasty one-on-one possibly
coming soon yeah we're gonna head out of
the mall go check out the other store
and nothing really else planned for the
give me a youtube title right now sleep
youtuber title right now finding LV in
beau ready one two three go I bought LV
you supreme for $50 oh my god what the
with the money in the thumbnail outline
me and white do it now I found LV in
Australia sitting must watch ok
emotional I hold on next subject next
subject you walk into Adidas and they
have Easy's whoa I can't believe I found
these for retail emotional rare sneakers
you walk into the Nike store they got
Jordan ones but it's a jump man on the
tongue Wow they still sell these I don't
know if they had them for retail this is
how we come up with titles guys we just
call each other and be like yo this is
the subjects we going to LV right now
Farooq and Ahmed are there right now we
have to stop because we saw the sneaker
Khan team and we have to talk about a
few things they claim that they have
supreme and they have fragment stuff but
I think they're lying just so that we
can hurry up and come over there I'm
running out of breath bro what's up with
this uphill alright guys so we couldn't
get into the store because Gucci was
about to close one thing I hate about
retail stores is that when they have
their store listed at like closing at 6
and you pull up there ten minutes before
they close and they say sorry we're
closed like bro you have store hours for
a freaking reason what if I was about to
spend like 10 vans you know I'm saying
spent 10 bands at the Gucci store but
anyway we leave in now they didn't have
the LV supreme I knew they were lying
they said they had the shoes but like
the shoes are just you know they were it
was exciting when we found them the
first time and now they're just sitting
at every store anyway I don't know what
we're doing
the rest of the day but um amen lil keke
and tired and hungry you're hungry hey
what's coochie everyone throwing in this
one last clip into the vlog just so that
I can tell you guys that tomorrow which
is Friday will be the first online drop
for September I'm doing an online drop
every single Friday for the month of
September leading up to the 10 year
anniversary of my youtube journey which
is on September 29 so this Friday
September 1st which is tomorrow for you
guys at 6 p.m. PST that's California
time we will have the online drop on
dream crew calm and this week's drop is
a retro theme so that means I'm bringing
back seven old items all the way from my
first ever shirt with the crew and the
cheetah on it to one of my most popular
shirts which is the camel I feel like a
high B shirt each item is limited once
it's gone it is gone forever and we are
never making these items again you want
to pick up something from the retro week
make sure you go to dream crew calm
September first at 6 p.m. next week will
be hypebeast themed but this week is
retro themed it's your chance to get
your hands on some of the classic dream
crew merch and that's pretty much it I
will see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog I'm out of here
Australia I'm about to get my day
started it's about to be late you feel
me I'm out
