hi oh hello sorry
laughs reading something sometimes it
takes a while for it to go live so I
just do other things while it's
happening all right my mom is texting me
an avalanche Oppidan mammoth so she's
telling me about it um hi Jolie I'm
gonna drink my coffee I was like oh it's
not that cold I'll be fine in my office
I can't my office and realize that we
have left the window open in here so
it's very cold in here now and I don't
want to turn the heater on because the
rest the house is a fine temperature if
I turn the heater on the rest of the
house would be like really really hot
and this room would be like okay and I
don't want to heat up that's just a
waste of electricity to heat up
everything I should just have a personal
heater in here right
I should snapchat that I'm streaming do
you do do should I put it in no I just
it's a quality picture all right now
swipe up do do do now I have to do the
thing where I have to go get the link
how's everyone doing
oh let's see if this is even working
when we see the house tour when the
house is put together we are almost we
were gonna go by trim today and then the
trim store was closed so that's out how
annoying why do things why are why is
everything closed on the weekends I
don't understand everything I want to do
is closed on the weekends it's stupid
copy the link
copy the link put it in my snapchat do
to do OK pace
go this thing I swear no I didn't it
sent a link to my tweet there touch that
done alright now I'm going to focus
let's focus guys that was just three
minutes of me doing nothing how are you
doing well 96 days megan's I'm doing
fantastic I had dinner something's going
on with the Rockets Celtics game I can
hear that going I was watching that
but I went on three walks today with
blaze the rain is really difficult with
him because he loves it
which means that he wants to go play in
it but then he comes as soaking wet and
muddy so I can't let him outside because
most dogs like don't like the rain and
they're like I'm just gonna pee real
quick I don't know why I want to be out
here and they come they go back outside
you frolics sent it so whatever it's not
raining I have to take him on a walk to
get his energy out and today we went on
three walks it was a lot of walks for me
and we also started installing his doggy
door we installed it it wasn't supposed
to rain anymore so we're like let's
install the doggy door we cut a hole on
the inside and then you're about to cut
of all the outside and start pouring
rain again so that it's been put off
till tomorrow but there's just a hole in
my wall I put a box in front of it some
places Neath insulation that's a thing
so also it's an installation is supposed
to be peak I don't think any of you care
but mine was brown so I have a feeling
that it's not good but that's okay doo
doo doo doo doo doo you have a podcast
update I am hoping to release it Monday
that's my thing I don't know where yet I
mean I have it in my thing but I don't
remember what's happening I think
there's a thing but I'm hoping to
release it Mondays I'm hoping that
Monday's are the days and in which it is
released so that's all I'm
put a link obviously he'll tweet about
it an Instagram about it but I'll put
links to stuff in my website
Rachel down there comedy comm so you'll
be able to find all the links to the
different places because I'm not having
on multiple platforms I believe so it's
not just one except don't worry and
remember I'll make sure it's free tada
I love your beanie thank you I put it on
my head because I was cold what are you
drinking coffee cuz I plan on working
out after this and then not going to
sleep anytime soon are you excited to
hug me Toronto yes Lauren I am
I'm tired same Elena ours Ilona I had a
friend who is named Elena and a friend
knows named Ilana I also had a friend
named Brianna a friend named Brianna I
don't remember which one was why why
name should not be that difficult to
remember stop doing all those things
hi I'm 12 should I write a journal yes
but don't do it on the computer don't do
it on your tablet or your phone do no
pad and pen or pencil 10 pen last longer
do a pen and paper always those are the
best journals and notebooks cuz the
computer you could delete that real
quick at a rage real quick it's hard to
get rid of the journal real quick it's
well it's not actually it's like really
easy to get rid of just throw it the
trash can but to actually throw it in
the trash can is harder and motional e
so you're more likely to have it stick
around also you can just lose it in the
back of a shelf and then years later
find it and laugh at yourself I'm on
spring break
well just because it is not spring is it
technically spring when is spring when
is spring 2018 I know we spring forward
it's not a 20th March 20th this spring
so you're not on spring break that's
literally impossible because it's not
the season of spring it
this season of winter at the moment so
don't don't lie to me I don't like being
lied to in a live stream without blaze
Braille you know he's got a charge in
here within 30 minutes that's what he
does
I hate when things are closed on the
weekends right Clara Clara Clara I don't
know ah like the beck the pick is open
bike for a few hours on a Saturday
morning that's how most things are on
the weekend
how do people at normal nine-to-five do
anything huh where cuz everything's
closed
you have to like ditch work or wake up
really early in a Saturday which is no
fun for anybody and you can only do a
few things because by the time you get a
few things done everything else is
closed how are people getting anything
done and I was talking about I like cuz
like the door store was closed the trim
store was closed and that was like this
is why Home Depot is so booming because
Home Depot sucks but they're always open
except for the middle of the night but
like on weekends and stuff that's how
that's how they are thriving I don't
know why these molding indoor places
aren't open on the weekends maybe they'd
be thriving too that's all my thing my
mom says we move our clocks forward next
Saturday night the 11th okay everybody
unless you're well now Arizona is
already in the forward right aren't
there a couple places finally we'll be
sprung forward though which means that
it won't be dark at 5:00 anymore that's
my favorite refreshing mm-hmm start a
petition to open more things on the
weekend yeah the reason that you don't
do is cuz of money they make less money
so I don't think that a petition is
gonna really change anything but I like
your go-get-'em attitude I hate the bank
opening times right they're the worst
why are frogs Greenlee why are they
green to camouflage themselves on the
lily pads that hang out on duh I really
don't know just their color have you
responded to your VidCon email yes Sam
I did I am going to VidCon and now
they're gonna let me know if I'm doing a
meet-and-greet or a panel as soon as
they figure that all out so we are
responded we are going but we don't know
what we're doing they're people I will
update you you know I don't do secrets
well I don't do them well I knew them
but not well cockroaches what about them
Abby what about cockroaches what about
them I want a story well same Olivia
same I want a story from you don't just
demand things okay Oh
my name is Ilana not I don't know I
can't tell your name is Oh wha I don't
know what your name is Dale I'm sorry
your birthday is during my spring break
isn't that fun yes Ellie my birthday was
always on my spring break as well except
twice twice it didn't happen in my whole
lifetime isn't that splendid but I
always missed the cupcakes and the cake
and the ice cream people would get on
their birthdays I never got to do that
at school it didn't happen you know an
elementary school it's your friend's
birthday and their mom brings things I
was home-schooled during that period and
then it didn't happen until like the end
of high school that my birthday was
during school you're too old for it at
that point oh goodness
this coffee needs to hit me snack packs
are annoying no they're not take that
back
backpacks are amazing
performed on stage today are you proud
of me yes I am Michael yes I am what you
perform was it nerve-racking you'll be
less nervous next time especially if you
did well this time you'll be less
nervous less time next time but if you
did bad this time can't get much worse
so it's gonna be better next time anyway
either way you're gonna do better next
time I just got off winter break there's
no spring break right now right Becky
just because was lying to us
do you know everyone who's come in to
the Toronto show well it's me kollene
and Korey I think that's everyone that's
it I go on spring break after this week
guys
it is not spring it's winter with you I
am freezing right now
there's no way that it is spring break
times spring break should happen either
it's a week of Easter or any time in
April no other times I understand the
last week of March because that April is
about Easter is April 1st okay fun I
always had it that Spring Break ended
the day after Easter that's just kind of
what it was but now it's whatever
because we're not going around the
holiday anymore it's just spring but
spring is April let's be real spring is
April this big March early March
business we don't get a Spring Break
anymore
why not that's terrible I love having
you
being able to listen to you and tweet is
that not something you're able to do
with normally YouTube oh we're on your
phone so YouTube right let's see that it
keeps playing even when you're not on
the app those words I probably shouldn't
say on YouTube they make it so you have
to write guys you want to know a little
fact I don't have YouTube red eye in
favor that also I am just gonna watch
ads so people make more money um no does
that I know cuz one you're in the
YouTube app and you close and you like
switch other app whatever was playing
pauses so with YouTube red as I keep
going
Oh see they know you wanted it they know
you wanted it but they wanted money more
oh people what they do for money these
days did you forget about your fitness
Instagram you haven't posted since last
month I didn't forget about it I just
haven't posted cuz I feel like a matter
of things to post post like it I don't
like posting the same picture every day
and I do the same workouts I have three
workouts I do so that's three pictures
of this on repeat chairs at once a week
post progress pictures what do you want
to see on my fitness Instagram I don't I
get self-conscious finish your birthday
present today hey my birthday man girl
you did not procrastinate when it came
to my first impressing that is like the
least procrastination anyone's ever had
no should I know P o box opening video
again on my birthday I didn't I've been
doing the past two years do you want to
see a peel box opening video on the
birthday not on it like the day after or
the day after that it's up to you if you
don't care like I don't care what you
get for your birthday that I'm like fine
I won't show you but if you're like I
really care about what you get for your
birthday I'll show you I hadn't I'd have
no care either way
how was blaze he's good he's good he's
good he's asleep on the couch right now
watching basketball
the name struggles i mean- spelled l but
said le why did your parents do that to
you unless you give yourself that name
but what parents stop it stop it I
thought my name was easy to spell until
the other day I was with cooling in
Korea the bellhop was like what's your
name is have Rachel he was our a did
that he did a lot all right it's cool
don't do the daughters well my name is
fine my name is alright lights I
understand I mean I'm not making fun of
them but cuz I don't know how to spell
anything but I thought I had an easy
name but apparently I don't
can you do a reacting to to video your
choice a reacting to video I don't think
react to if you guys send me stuff to
react to I could do a reacting video but
I don't know what to react to anymore
how do you drink coffee then work out
that always makes me poop well Sam the
key is poop
I work out from home so it's easy and I
feel like I got a poop bag to go poop
and then I come back and I work out I'm
not limited by those poop needs I have
to say I thought as buying a home gym
was gonna be a waste of money I've ended
up saving money because we don't have
gym memberships anymore
and when I don't work out it's not like
anybody's going in the drain and I have
a gym here and I save on gas I save on
time it's lovely it's lovely are you
coming to Kansas City with Colleen I
don't know yet
it's just depends on it cuz it deflate
Sena she might be coming home in between
Denver and Kansas it's up in the air she
does that that I'm gonna come home to
and then there's no I'm not gonna go
back out she doesn't need me for the
Kansas show but if I'm already out there
we're all standing out there then maybe
it's up in the air I have no idea I'm
also not in charge of flights I just say
they can you do these dates and I said
sure and then sometimes they make me
stay extra and sometimes they don't
I think Lee is booking the flight
haven't been invited to VidCon Australia
yet no Aiden I don't think that they
want to pay for my flights tease me
invite me to VidCon la because I'm right
here I just drive Ilana you're welcome
Ilana your name is Ilana hey Ilana are
you going to are you coming to Boston
with Colleen no I'm not because that
means I would have to be on a flight on
my birthday like a 4-hour flight on my
birthday and I don't want to do that I'm
selfish but I don't want to drive an
hour to the airport so in an airport for
an hour house is on a flight for four
hours and then deal with large airport
and traveling on my birthday it's like
my whole birthday and I want to do that
I'm sorry I'm selfish but my birthday I
just want to cuddle my dog and play and
do fun things and they're poor it's not
fun to me I'm sorry it's just a fact of
life will you do another clothing hacks
video maybe summer clothing acts yeah I
will I've just been waiting for the
season to change that's all repairing
these Springs already here according to
some of your schools do you have a pop
socket on your phone no I don't that's
all I don't need one I haven't really
brought it that much you should call
fans for a really fun time Sam I am so
scared I know I can block my number but
like I'm so scared at one time I won't
and then it's the worst when someone's
phone number gets leaked it's really
literally ruins their life it's so I'm
really scared of that so I don't that's
why I'm so scared of this video oh my
god they're gonna figure it out people
they have respectful once they get your
phone number the respect goes out the
window for some reason want to know a
fun fact yes Lauren I do are your feet
on the ground
one is one isn't well actually once on
they're not they're both aren't ones on
the rolled the wheel of my chair and
ones upon my my chair I took my car my
dog our car ride today same oh my
goodness I am angry I'm not really but
I'm angry but I'm really fine
uh okay I get I'm i blaze really special
food that I can only buy at my vet's
office it's not my vet's brand they have
a line of
really good vet food that we're not that
through dog food that it's like I don't
know why they don't sell it in
mainstream stores maybe I'm just getting
got but anyway it's called I bet I feed
my dog I bet and I can only get it at a
few locations and one of them is my met
how the other locations were closed and
I called my vet today and the automated
recording said that they're open till
3:00 and I'm out of food for blaze and I
was like okay it's 12:30 great please
get in the car
so we took a 15-minute drive to my vet
and I get there and it was closed and
you know where they have the hours on
the door instead of three o'clock they
put a paper over it and hand-wrote noon
why why why was the automated recording
system wrong like it you can paper out
three you could just reach change thingy
so I went into a different story and got
him some random food they said it's
healthy I don't know I don't know I
don't know cuz I can't tell I can't ask
him hey do you feel healthier do you
feel less bloated do you feel like
you've just eaten good things like
there's soap there there's not enough
studies and people that say they're
healthy are just really good at
marketing I can't tell it feed my dog I
just went with a bat recommendation
don't trust fun facts
have some skeptical people up in here
you haven't changed your profile picture
in a while I like the one is I don't
need constant change how are you gonna
be able to listen to your podcast Lauren
I don't know yet calm down you'll find
out when I find out just go to your
settings and turn off your caller ID and
that's the thing see I don't trust
technology that would fail that would
fail and I know it would calm someone
else's phone but then you'll have their
phone number I'm not gonna do that to
them Effy evil what hair products do you
use shampoo and conditioner and a brush
once a column it's like a comb brush
that's one then I don't remember what my
shampoo and conditioner is called I
really don't I have to look at my Amazon
orders every time I need to know the
name of it or reorder it because I
really don't know the name of it there's
a pure ology wait I might be pure ology
is it pure ology I'm not gonna go
through my Amazon orders to find out but
I think it's called pure ology it's
purple it's a purple bottle that's all
it's autumn no Aidan it's winter autumn
is before winter autumn is fall it goes
winter spring summer or fall it's
literally a song all you have to do is
call and I'll be there yeah yeah I'll be
there cuz you got a friend you've called
people for
years ago yeah and I had a heart attack
every time I made the phone call
when Rachel says Kansas City as in
Kansas I know that making an entrance
there's a Kansas City Kansas and Kansas
City Missouri
so there's Kansas can't be Kansas
Missouri so I can say what I want
hi-hi-hi Kansas City is some boats so
you star 67 Pookie I did when I did it
three years ago if I'm still scared of
it did you just leave you're done I'm
screaming PSP but the doors closed that
was me yelling at Matt to go one piece
yeah pure ology hydrate is purple thanks
AB a B wave emoji it is fall so BAM is
this something that Americans do
different than the rest of the world
some pretty sure it's winter I'm typing
it I'm googling day what season is it
right now oh my god there's so many
scientific words in California
yep it's winter it's winter I go a
little bit until March 20th it's winter
here I didn't I didn't know we named our
seasons differently that's something
you'll learn that's something that's
something I didn't know when I've
learned that now it is winter yeah I
think in America it's winter but I think
that we're doing it I know wait
in Australia it's different I did know
that seasons are different because it
Christmas is in summer in Australia
right and not winter the world is a
strange place my dog's about to bang on
the door again I here's a little
footsteps coming up and I closed it on
them okay how about instead of calling
you guys later this week I'll go live on
Instagram and can't I've seen because I
watched Justin Bieber's livestream for a
minute one time that you wouldn't let
people in and it's like a facetiming
together how about we do that later this
week all right how about we do that oh
you brought a toy with you this time
guys I'm a terrible dog owner I'm not
don't copy nuts
um he I bought him a toy first birthday
it's his favorite kind of toy and he's
destroyed he's had two of them before
and he's destroyed them and so this
one's his third and it's the ones that
he wins over and he just loves them he
freaks out about that I got it for him
and it usually takes him like months to
destroy them because he loves them so
much but eventually he does to
strengthen this one he destroyed very
fast he came up to me about an hour
after giving it to him and the butt was
gone this was about this tall I looked
all over him to conclusion he ate the
butt he ate the butt and I was like well
dang it that's not gonna be fun coming
out let's hope it comes out today on our
luck I witnessed him getting that out of
his body he did not like it and at the
end he was freaking out and
my hairs was coming out of his butt and
I had to pull it out so that was fun
just a grand old time in the middle of
our walk to I had a had talking bags
with me but it was it was a bad time and
it went down and blow and came out green
the toy turned green so don't let your
dogs eat rubber or the thing it's late
eggs I don't know what it is but now I
know he can pass rubber latex he touched
the button he did touch the button Oh
funny you know I never saw finding dory
I'm a terrible person
I never saw it dude don't get all hyper
Christopher gesturing Christopher okay I
see Christopher and Jessica and you said
just print Christopher and I immediately
reversed it as I said it you know how do
you say people like it's it's mom and
dad it's not dad at Mom's mean it's mom
and dad it's Christopher and Jessica
like you you have two people and you
always say their name in a certain order
it's Chris friend Jessica me I don't
know why it's not that one is better
than the other or whatever it's just how
it goes it's mom and dad is Christopher
and Jessica I don't know so anyway I
switched it um but what did you even say
okay you said that they did the calling
in Instagram saying in the livestream
um see it's fun we're doing it we'll do
that later
not today my due tomorrow I don't have
Instagram Myra
why don't you have an Instagram just
don't go live on Sunday or Thursday
thank you so much so are we doing this
around here schedule Sydney are we wait
guessing people scares me what if you
get someone doing something really bad
that is true I am scared of that let's
so I'll only I don't want to be
discriminatory against your names but
I'll only guess people that seem like
this fans
sack cakes I'm not gonna guess like
Shawn Big Boss what you're gonna see
from the names so that's just their like
I just have a lot of things I should
have said I'll try and be I'll try and
have a careful screening process when I
guess someone on Instagram Abby wants to
do that me to do that in two weeks
hey if it goes well this week I might do
it again in two weeks okay you can buy
$100 phone and activate the phone to
call us
I'm fine $100 phone I'm gonna cause a
lot of money money
I don't throw out hundred plate like a
tissue also I don't throw tissues around
with soy tissues that's a lot of money I
don't think I think you guys think I'm
rich and I'm not so hope there's that oh
don't get shot big bucks I won't I'm not
gonna guest John big bolts okay
Alexandre you don't have to have a fan
Instagram account you just have to sound
like a person that isn't going to show
me their penis on the guest thing okay
that's basically it please do not change
your instagram names to john big balls
that's all I have to say okay
because I feel like everyone that's
watching this isn't gonna do something
really nasty on an insta game grand
guessed thing if you guys put a a green
heart next to your name on your
Instagram name for the just for a while
we're doing it then I'll know that
you're like hey I'm not gonna show you
private parts or do nasty things how
about that so you can Adams just so it's
like our little safe it's our little
safe in a green heart it's like a little
safer be like hey am i gross and if you
are gross and you go against the system
stop watching me don't want it alright
because I feel like anyone watching my
livestream isn't gonna be that nasty
let's hope so
let's hope okay green heart when I
Instagram live so I'm good so good okay
that way you don't have to create a fan
account you don't have to change your
name from John big balls just a heart
don't be John big balls heart please
don't be trumpet false art Oh creating
wrongness you can't put an emoji in your
name what is this you won't see the
green hearts I thought I could come up
with something genius and Instagram is
wrong to me okay you can't put a green
horn sex your knees make what can you
put okay guys let's brainstorm what can
we put next year username that's not an
emoji now will let us know that you
aren't a drug big ball safe what what
should we do refreshing
there should be loads of people watching
that's nerve-racking I know you won't
see the heart okay guys what are we
changing the heart - what can we spell
or just put in what's cuz can you just
you can see characters right so is there
a character we want to put like a
percent of sign we put a percent sign at
the last part I dropped my pen oh I
don't stretch this way okay should we
put a percent sign next to our names
John baitball Smith exists on Instagram
I told you guys I told you there's gonna
be a John big balls of lights
gotta watch out for him we can put
someone since we can put emojis
okay guys listen if you can put emojis
cool some people it may be it's an
update that some people haven't done so
you can either do just you can make that
make the heart with the less-than and
the number 3 so its character still or
you can put the purple heart emoji okay
that way because people are saying yeah
the old-fashioned heart so you can put
the old-fashioned heart some people are
saying you can't see the emojis during
the lively the lively wife's with the
live stream so instead of the green
heart you can do that or you can do the
old-fashioned less than number three
okay we'll do that then we know that you
are not big bucks John big bowl Smith
this father is like we want them dollar
bills we do want them dollar bills but
that has nothing to do with going live
on Instagram I don't make money from
that so we don't need the dollar bills
we're just hanging out as friends
okay some people are saying you can put
the hearts of the person you can't I
don't know it only shows you're at on
Instagram live not your actual name ah I
think Abby not Lee Miller figuring it
out okay so find your handle thumb stop
licking yourself stop it thank you I
don't like the noise you know that you
know to go to another row you did thank
you oh so in your app name which I don't
think you can put an emoji put a normal
old-fashioned heart okay good yes
alright let's see if anyone has an
objection to that people don't know what
they're talking about all I realize my
dog's freaking out it doesn't work in
the username either guys what can we put
in they use it to change your name to
place place you are not being helpful
there's a tag on his bed and he's
stressing out about it okay we can't put
up old-fashioned part in your app name
you can put dashes and underscores how
could you not put on heart you can put
numbers how is that a thing cuz I know
there's a lot of underscores and the
number how does that not work it doesn't
let you type in the less than symbol
places anger towards that tag is the
same anger I have towards Instagram
right now guys how on earth are we going
to be able to screen this livestream so
I don't guest on inappropriate person
slightly Oh rest in peace musically
right friends that's over right now
right musically or music dot Li I don't
even know what the name is that's over
right no one's doing that anymore that's
gone because I haven't heard about it a
long time I saw snap trying to promote
it and I was like snapchat no you're
already in enough trouble stop just stop
all right let's see if anyone's come up
put the word word in you're at you could
put the word word in you're at laughing
out loud
maybe RB to the end of the handle okay I
don't want to be conceited and
narcissistic but let's put my initials
I've been a at the end of your handle or
the beginning just put our be somewhere
at the beginning or the ends just for
the live stream you don't have to keep
it you'll have to do it now but when I
like my live stream on Instagram
put our B at the beginning or the end of
your handle and then I will know you're
a fan and that's not going to show me
inappropriate things and a bunch of
little children watching inappropriate
things got it good
how does it struggle Instagram really
screwed us
you can't in your user name with the
period either Rebecca Instagram has so
many roles you say musically not music
ly I say derp you're supposed to say it
I still don't know hi can we comment
green hearts yes Jess but I don't know
that the when you ask to guest it's not
like I don't think I can see your
comment at the same time I mean if I do
because though you have to ask to be
guested right is that not I do I just
pick any one I guess them because what
they don't wanna be guess what if they
are on the toilet no I know not be sure
Holly you made a good point
that's probably what I'll do alright
okay okay people are asking for numbers
I'm soaking for yourself Sarah see with
right now don't you want to do anything
people okay we're people just tuning in
let me recap
what's happen people want me to call
fans I don't like that I'm scared of my
phone number getting leaked and then my
privacy being ruined
and me having just a weakened to of
inhale so I've decided late come on bad
per second so I can just come down so I
have decided he's not coming down that's
some point next week I'm going to do an
Instagram livestream and there I will
guest people and then you could like
it's like we're facetiming and
everyone's watching come on buns but
we're scared that people when I guess
them are going to show me and the rest
of the world inappropriate things
hey listen I'm trying to explain
something okay you just farted and it
stinks can you please stop eating your
bed so I can explain this okay
so we're trying to come up with a
screening process so that we don't see
inappropriate things and I only guessed
appropriate people I have assumed that
the 926 people watching this are decent
because they are so I figured y'all if
we came up with a screening system where
you put something in your handle to show
me I'm appropriate then I will guest
those people but Instagram won't let you
put parts in your handle emoji or the
old fashioned less than number three
part so I think we're gonna put our be
at the end of your Instagram handle when
I'm doing the livestream on Instagram
you don't have to do it for the rest of
your life just while I'm likes about
that hour that I'm Lyde
you just put it there for that hour and
then you ask to be tested and if I see
the RV it means hey I'm safe and I'll be
like hey thanks because there that's
where we are I think that's what we're
gonna do some people rather be put
numbers but I'm not gonna keep changing
and confusing people because we've been
on this subject for quite some time now
this live stream is just preparing us
for the Instagram livestream basically
what do you have no that's my razor no
no no no
no oh good I am winded from this so is
it our Beach yes our B as a Rachel
Ballinger has been radical balloons as
in Rachel and blaze that's what it is
but that's scary I'm shot
you don't have to you don't have to be
guested I'm only gonna guess people that
asked to be guessed it I will not just
do it randomly and force you to do it if
you want to do it you can enter for it
if you don't want to do it you can just
hang out and watch and really comment
you don't have to base our whole world
could see that's what it is what it is
ladies you home you gonna calm down
handsome yeah you do is that tag on that
that bugging you a lot is it like the
worst tag in the world you just have to
defeat it don't not look at me Hey look
at me when I talk to you hey please
thank you - OH - did you just nibble
did you just nibble no nibble kisses
thank you did you okay do you alright
you can go back to the story on your bed
take out my mouth graphical balloons yes
they are radical balloons my mom is mad
at me for not showering because I watch
my stream I hate getting in the shower I
put it off I just spilled coffee
everywhere
hey I'm prone to shoes uh yeah I don't I
don't I don't like showering I put off
showering for hours I'll wake up at like
eight or nine and then just not getting
the shower for like eleven
so it seems like I haven't started my
day because I have it because I really
don't think you started fatal you shower
but a lot of people disagree because a
lot of people doing a shower in the
morning so a shower please I need to go
r.i.p by how many people will you guess
I don't know depends its I'll be on for
like an hour so however many people I
can guess in that hour I'm not gonna
spend the entire time with one person
because I would like to get both
multiple people in just you know for
funsies I think we'll have we'll put a
time limit on it well do like 1 minute
each person and you know me I'm gonna do
random rants in the middle of each
person so we'll do that we'll put a
little time limit just so that we have
time for other people do need out yes
yeah big time
that correct so reach would you ever get
a piercing
you know what yours are pierced right I
have my ears pierced I just done
everywhere earrings but arrays hurt my
ears they always hurt even if I put them
like the nicest earrings in the world my
ears still hurt I get really sore what
do you say when you guess someone doing
what do I say I say hey what's up and
then I mean don't have to like try
interview them and I have a list of
questions I should ask that is it then
asking me questions person to person
I'm pretty good at keeping conversations
going and talking once the other person
does it but why do you want to be guest
and if you're not anything to talk you
just want that screen shot don't you you
don't want to talk to me just with the
screen shot okay good to know good to
know well
ooh candy crush are you want Oh Jenna
let's see did you do ah 2613 yeah I'm
not I'm not trying to show off I'm very
embarrassed by that number one minute
Rachel let's not have time for me to say
my name and introduce you to my dog okay
Jenna have you ever watched a cooking
show when they have to like do a
one-minute promo of their food they
always are like that was I had so much
time left over actually a lot of people
are like that was not enough time it
could go either way it depends on you
have to this is just you're learning how
to use your time properly my dog doesn't
realize that my door is cracked open and
he's he just has to push it it'll open
and he's sitting out there kind of
falling out of gently dog what was the
last song you entirely listen to I don't
know I just put my radio on oh look who
came back to join us finally close the
door once you come back in yeah you got
clip I know you have a toy yes I seen
your toy I see it you know I'm not just
sitting here talking to myself
I'm live-streaming this isn't just a
chit chat with me he doesn't care do you
want this
it doesn't squeak anymore because you
read through the butt off and ate it one
two three
I like your wrapping paper well thank
you listen the doggy doors now we're
putting in trim and putting in doors and
then putting in more trim and then
making the shelves so that this stuff
has a place to go it's a process place
it's a process
you're used to wearing earrings again
that's why they've heard mine are the
same I don't want to get used to pain is
that literally what did this do you
watch Brooklyn nine-nine yes I do
chef are you coming to Vegas with
Colleen yes I am I'm pretty sure I'm
doing that show yes then you get two
minutes please I've already stressing
it's one minute ladies you're not
supposed to be over there and that's
what you wouldn't get scared if you were
if you were thought to be over there
please leave it alone listen it's one
minute if it happens to go into two
minutes I mean it's not like we're in
get technical fouls or anything but
we're gonna try and stick to a one
minute thing what I have to you use the
most
I don't know Twitter probably yeah
Twitter the screenshot Rachel the
screenshot I know Abby that's what
people want they just want the
screenshot 61 seconds okay Haley will do
61 seconds when can I meet you when we
meet that's the next one
hi hi yeah sometimes I just randomly
shout your name out loud in my room
alone Charlotte why do you do that
oh did you yes the door doesn't work
like that
it doesn't open that way it only opens
this way huh guys I'm exhausted from
explaining our Instagram livestream like
truly exhausted
huh I like your hat thank you it's not
even mine
are you gonna have a stopwatch in hander
yet guess Haley I'm gonna have a
stopwatch in hand while we do this live
stream on Instagram guessed you'd be
like you have 60 seconds go
this is gonna be an intense game it's
gonna be fun I'm excited where'd you get
your jacket I don't know clean got it
for me like two Christmases ago what's
it like to be verified on Twitter is it
set up differently the only thing
different is that you know how to have
it all and then a' mentions so you can
see when people have liked and retweet
it and then you can go over and see when
people just comment it to you well
there's also a section that's called
verified and you can see any
interactions a fellow verified Twitter
person has had with you so I can go to
it and see stuff like I can see verified
people who have followed me that have
liked my stuff uh it's usually how I see
that my sister or Jessica has come to
something of mine and that's the only
thing different about it is that there's
a verified section so I can see what
verify people have liked or commented on
my stuff that's that's pretty much it
that's the only difference and then also
you have a check mark that's it it's fun
I mean I like having your verify
sections and it's nice that my
family members are also verified so we
can all see what each other talking to
each other or else it just kind of gets
lost in the making up dimensions place
you can't keep coming in out oh you
brought a ball
you brought the ball to show everyone
that's good good
um come here this is money did you just
go in the mud
you just went in the mud your paws are
mighty your nose has mud on it is you
just track mud through the house there's
mud all over my floor there's mud
everywhere
guys I think I have to end this
livestream now so that I can go clean up
all the mud yeah there's my everywhere
your paws are filthy
you literally Hey look okay hold this
hold it take it take yeah just honest
nose just on his notes good good just
mud everywhere okay I have to leave so I
can go clean him but Instagram
livestream will happen some point next
week guys remind me about it on Twitter
okay you gotta remind me else I'll
forget all right I love you guys I'll
see you later
