in my life oh did it happen let me tweet
it hold on okay now let me snap it hold
on
duck dog if you eat that bed you don't
have a bed to sleep in anymore yeah you
can pout about it all you want but it's
true
Blaze's very hyper he was very calm and
I was a like her bedtime to do a live
stream cuz he's not not Kanako a bunch
of stuff perfect time for a lot rain I
installed one on the new light Raz I
hated it and then he got hyper in that
time so blaze are you eating a bit yes
I'll let you out
alright he seems to be calming down ok
so like last time I think last time when
we answer questions from Twitter and
Instagram so we'll do that again
just cuz I turned my back doesn't mean I
don't know that you're still eating a
bit ah hey uh can I turn around he's
gonna start eating the bed again cuz he
knows he's not supposed to do it but
he's gonna do it anyway he's a boy you
just want to have a bed you're just not
gonna have bed you just not gonna have
it there we go with us okay so like last
time we are gonna do questions from
Instagram and Twitter we're gonna be
washing is this working I should double
check that's working because sometimes
it doesn't work and I really okay
seems like it's working great Oh anyone
catch my livestream on Instagram mr. Bay
it was quite fun we talked about getting
crunk oh I just see the rock on my
Instagram so that's all
oh he's wearing tight leggings so you
can see all of the bulging muscles but
he covered the Bulge that you don't
really want to see but you do but you
don't
it's like privacy thing anyway I should
stop talking no I should not stop
talking cuz then it would be really
awkward dead silence doing on the zipper
back don't you want a zipper that's the
face I get 24/7 he knows he's not
supposed to do something but he wants to
do it why am I looking at my phone for
Twitter I have arrived good
Thank You Olivia I don't get
notifications on Instagram ugh well you
could get notifications on Twitter
you're on Twitter right now y-you could
just do one or the other you don't have
to do both like come on I do the both
because I know some people have only one
or the other there's all like I mean I
have all social medias but I've learned
that not everyone has all social medias
twice my zipper on my hood just go in a
ride please tell us your doggers hack
story from snapchat okay so I told it on
my instance my life my life so you want
to Instagram yesterday and I was gonna
vlog about it right then I'm currently
fixing my bra anyway so I'm calm down
about it now because it's past but it
was yesterday yeah yesterday I was
walking blaze and as we're walking past
a house I saw a girl 18 young teenager
uh bringing out her large puppy I don't
know the breed it's like a skinny brown
short-haired I don't quite know what it
is like long legs it's tall it's not
really meaty but it's like tall and
lanky anyway it's a big puppy and you
can tell it's a puppy you can look at a
daughter you can tell this puppy you're
a dolt
even if it's huge so anyway she's
walking it out and I automatically see
dog just going crazy because it sees my
dog it's barking it's growling it's
jumping she's trying to hold on to it
I'm like okay not a friendly dog so
blaze and I stroll like quickly but you
don't want to run when you run a dog's
gonna chase you that especially that
kind of dog so we walked swiftly but not
in a alerts chases manner we you just
rip something hey stop it so we get
about five houses down and then I heard
the girl scream and I look behind me and
I see the dog barreling down on us all
of it was on a harness and a collar and
somehow it got out of both of them and
it was charging at us growling and
barking the whole time and I throw blaze
between my legs to just contain him in
one spot and I cuz I was I first I tried
to pick him up I was like no he's 70
pounds and I don't really want the dog
attacking both of us and jumping up at
us and blaze swirling around to get up
to get anything so I put blaze between
my legs and the dog comes barreling at
us and I just automatically go I hope
bliss this collar and a leash I grab his
collar and send this leash and I go ask
the other dog and it starts just
circling us and pouncing but not quite
taking a bite because blaze immediately
growls back at it and so this dog is
circling is growling and nipping at us
and the teenage girl is taking her sweet
time just taking a stroll down five
houses to get to us and once she gets to
us you know how you're supposed to run
to your dog and then grab it and then
being like okay I got it
remove yourself from the situation and
then I'll put its leash on once it's
calm down a little bit the girl gets to
her dog and doesn't grab it she just
stands next to it
tries to put on a harness in a collar
and I'm like okay I'm gonna slowly try
and back away but I know if I were like
to be like okay it's time to leave the
dogs just going to jolt at us again
the best in that situation is where
everyone has to remain calm and move
slowly so I was like okay so and the dog
obviously because she's not holding it
gets away from her like three different
times and I'm screaming she's not saying
anything and I'm screaming at the dog
like making noises trying to scare and
being like I'm I'm bigger than you
anyway hey that is not your bag so it
took about three times for her to
actually hold the dog and then once it
looks like she's got hold of the dog I
start walking away plays are you ready
to leave this room go find your ball
okay sorry so it looks like she's got
control situation so I circle really
good really I'm trying to tell sorry
about you how about you anyway so I I'm
pulling blaze and he's like mad at the
dogs the dog is like trying to eat him
to me
so obviously he's gonna go and protect
her mode so he's mad at the dog and
keeps he started to bark at it place
doesn't bark a dog so you know he barks
about Dawg he ain't cool with the dog so
we could walk past any house and a dog
beat behind a fence barking and growling
at us and he won't care it says like
here behind a fence I'm just gonna keep
on walking but when he senses his actual
danger and he starts barking hey hey so
we get across the street and then I hear
the girl scream again and I look and the
dog has escaped deletion collared thing
again and I was like are you kidding me
I was trying to move as fast as I could
across the street but blaze has 70
pounds and did not want to budge and so
I'm
being him and so the dog comes at us
again I was like like how are you not
grabbing the dog I get it dog got off
its leash the first time fine
you grab the dog you own the dog even no
matter how big you are you try and use
all of your bigness your little miss
whatever you have to control the dog and
it just took use about three minutes
Fiasco finally the mom sauntered over
and helped and took control of the
situation but Wow
when the doctor charging us again the
girl said could you like run or
something God you could go faster I was
like oh this is not my fault I was girl
there is no that's the only thing she
said in the whole situations like this
is clearly she doesn't know how to
handle dogs at all like I get that dogs
do things dogs sometimes are aggressive
towards other dogs little mistakes
happen like today I was on a walk and
this house that has like a picket fence
the gate was open and they were all
outside and their dog ran across the
street to us as no offense and like
right away like he's friendly he's
friendly and I was like okay so blaze
back and they started playing but it's
hardly she's on a leash so I pulled him
back and the little boy immediately like
he's about 12 ran over grabbed the dog
he's on the dog and he grabbed the dog
and was just like okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry you're fine like everyone's my
dogs get out it happens but they handled
it correctly they ran grabbed the dog
and he waited for his parents to come
across the street who were bigger than
him to move the dog was just like see
that's how you handle it done dogs get
out of time that's how it happens it's
whatever
the same handle situation that matters
no one got hurt any of the times but it
was just her manner she was in me of
making the situation worse by not
running you don't run that you let's
make dog 101 you don't run from a dog
that was yesterday but today's a new day
guys let's actually chitchat this time
I've been talking for 10 minutes about
my dogs get your head out of the trash
okay let's let's let's do things have
you taken the hot Harry Potter test
house test what house are you in I don't
remember
I've taken it
is that giant ring in the background by
those boxes a giant ring in the
background by those boxes a giant ring I
have no idea what you're talking about
what's what rings which I get ring wait
he doesn't want me to know how to wash
his bed its new material only this was
not recycled I'm so stinking I'm so sick
and snotty help I don't drink water go
sleep I want coffee now you should get
some I just started drinking some coffee
oh my nose itches because I wanted a
middle energy I like your mug thank you
it says Canada I like Canada I've been
there multiple times I'm trusting a girl
they want to get Krunk no she did not
want to get Krunk do you take her sweet
time she was the opposite of Krunk all
right let's go over Instagram I'm gonna
answer questions from going with picture
on Instagram the one with me laughing
nothing I took myself took a candidate
of myself which is impossible because
you can't take and up yourself but I did
anyway what are y'all doing let's talk
can you make a video where you react a
fan accounts honey want me to react to
that so I feel like it when I react to
something like that fun I'm not making
fun of them at all so that's like it's a
touchy thing that could happen back
rachels Rosie's XS bringing back bitches
I did not to bring and I was like watts
in Rachel's room it is literally the
last video I put up my channel
it's a Rachel sir it's a qu and I even
say it in the title that it's a Q&A
give me a graduate
boat that's pressure graduation quote I
have to get back to you on that one
I just tweet out a bunch of graduation
quotes or senior quotes I didn't do that
like everyone in high schools near books
they all have like this quote under
their picture my school definitely
didn't do that
we were lucky if we got a picture in
there what are you doing tonight I'm
bored thanks for live streaming um I'm
doing this tonight today I did not vlog
but I'll tell you what I did today I did
electrical in my house and picked up
paint Matt started painting his office I
changed a bunch of light switches and
outlets
I did not electrocute myself which is a
good thing and I have to work that later
that's that's something I'm doing
tonight I'm doing legs I'm trying to get
my legs up because I wanna go
snowboarding next week I'm very excited
about it I haven't gone all season and
I've been dying to so buck-toothed I
don't know the snowboard slang shred
some gnar notion so idea
I'm gonna go shred the cow turn the pow
pow no it's not fresh powder
oh we were mad we like to go to Mammoth
that's what it's just it's it's worth
the drive to us uh that's a weird
smoothie but we looked with maggots
notifications about when it's gonna snow
itself he's like interstellar mammoths
on Thursday which was two days ago and
this was like Monday I was like how much
just how many interesting I wanted it's
not it's not that big a deal it's a okay
and so we're like we'll go next week is
really we could drop everything and be
very responsible and go Thursday but
it's the only one actually cyber deal
like a god but stupid weathermen failing
us come on is your state dangerous is my
I California
it depends what parts you're in I mean
everywhere you go is dangerous and every
state has good and bad I think I'm safe
lately that's all background looks
really good thanks if you don't like it
you don't have to watch this pig is
really cute think you know think you
know the gate oh all right back to
Twitter is blaze still doing well with
his training yes he is he's doing really
well we walked past a cat today
and he did not get his hyper as he used
to he like looked at it looked at me and
he's like ah can I please mom please and
I was like no he's like there's like no
he's a singing alright okay we'll walk
away so you can see it in his face he
still really wants to like go at cats
but he knows he's not supposed to know
and I can literally leave the front door
open and he won't run out the front he's
doing really well it's it's good I mean
this is an issue
he's currently chewing up his bed and if
I weren't live-streaming I would handle
a situation better and he wouldn't touch
it anymore
put him in the middle I've stirred so I
want to make a lot of loud noises and
shoo him out the door hey you know you
I'm gonna throw that away later he ate
another bed today you like just destroy
it stuffing everywhere so I had to throw
that away you're running out of beds
dude you had three now you're down to
one and a half my hand that's not what I
want you to do what does Kronk mean it
means lit it means getting lit getting
crunked is getting late
just our hashtag for the live stream no
cuz I just look at my Twitter
notifications just tag me in it because
making a hashtag it's for the only
reason to do that
- like trend it and then people like see
you and that but you guys don't want to
type all that out so I'm just not gonna
oh my god so I said tell us a high
school story if any high school story I
don't have any on the top of my brain
but I did find a bunch of song journals
I had from high school they're in the
trunk of my car right now I tried to
learn guitar for like a week once
I wrote songs and I have it's a book of
them it's glorious I'm thinking I may do
a video about it what's in your mouth I
am he's done it
he has ripped the bed open ah hey just
drop to the ground there's no his into
bed where'd that come from
oh that you've really didn't ruin the
bed didn't you
it's just done with you unzip it I can
zip it back up and then you're just beat
it again you've got you beat me take
that
I have thumbs I can work a zipper he
wrote songs yeah they weren't good
they're not even songs they were like
weird poems I guess there's no I don't
know how to write some I never knew how
to write songs but in my email teenage
years I thought I did because everyone
thought at some point hashtags are so
much work they really are I love your
profile photo on Twitter lol hot isn't
it great I just wanted to change it so I
started training ugly photos and then
they always end up working well with my
tweets I think it's funny
I should change it too it's been it's
been that one for a really long time so
I should change it eventually he froze
our beds really that yummy he just it's
he just likes tearing things apart
doesn't matter what it is and he's like
oh this is open there would be something
on the inside of it then he wants he
wants to tear it open your wrapping
paper is making me really sad it's that
Christmas is over
don't Christmas isn't over it hasn't
even happened yet this year Christmas
this year yeah I'm the kind of person
that I only needed to buy like maybe one
or two rolls of wrapping paper this year
but I bought like eight because I want
every person in my family to have a
different wrapping paper for their
presents that's how extra I am so you're
welcome for that piece of information I
have a teddy bear on my head and my dog
tries to tear it up all the time you
would teddy bear on your head dude I
don't want you to eat this if he
destroys that bed then he has to he only
has one other bed if he doesn't really
like the other bed he only likes to the
bed when that bed is on it it's weird
he's scratching at the door no he'll go
away
okay your glasses are cute minor ugly
where'd you get them um a place it
wasn't like a chain store it was like a
local place there Giorgio Armani they
were expensive but I too used to hate my
glasses and therefore I never wore them
and so I was like I'm going to find a
pair I like and buy them no matter the
cost
I know not everyone can do that like
that's extreme but I used to like never
want to spend money on glasses so I was
like you know what I need to take care
of my eyes these are on my face the kind
of a big deal for me so I went I went in
and I bought like they think these are
300 bucks which I don't know if that's a
lot to you or not but it was a lot to me
so
it took me it was a process to buy these
took me a long time
could you jacket I have no idea cooling
bought it for me I got it from Colleen
had blazed her cardboard I don't want to
give him things to tear up I'm trying to
stop the behavior but he likes a good
pic towel roll that one for the first
time you met Cory I really don't Corey
de Soto it mean it was unclean when they
were in college I'm sure I met him a -
what if her she wanted their shows I
really don't remember the first time I
met Cory how sad is that
he was just cleaning out a bunch of
friends in college and there were so
many I don't remember meeting any of
them they just all kind of appeared at
one point my life
I don't remember should I go out with my
friends or stay and watch a movie with
popcorn well you can come back in but
you can't eat for bed you have my son
yep you're like mom was eating my son
he's like you either kick me out and I
will eat your clothes or you let me in
and I eat my own bed that was he gave me
an ultimatum sometimes I think he's an
evil genius just saying the fact that he
brought me the suck cuz he knows he's
not allowed to eat my socks whenever he
gets a little my socks he runs he knows
like oh don't let them see me with the
sock Punk bro I forgot about the things
that you said you were the one that
asked about the going out or not right
just what what do you feel like do you
want to go out
i yesterday i was bored and wanted to go
out today i don't want to go out alright
I'm back on Instagram you do watch
stranger things yes took me a while to
get on it though like to watch it I
never said I'd took me until season 2 to
come out for me to actually sit down and
watch season 1
what do Kristin dresses kids call your
boyfriend
they call him Matt name what's Blaze's
original name I don't it was I remember
it was like hydrogen or nitrogen or
something like that it was weird it was
the guy who gave me the dog didn't even
know his name he was young and there was
a lot of ducks
he makes line with colleen why why do
you need to see that why does it need to
happen I don't understand
yeah I can hear him chewing now like he
is no you destroy you destroy you look
at your beard I don't dude don't look at
me like you're good no do not look at me
like you're confused you know you
weren't supposed to do that I know like
what am I supposed to do now what don't
look at me like that don't even look at
me like that
what is like what are we supposed to do
in this situation you look like you a
beer and about fuzz in your mouth give
me your face ah give me your face
go leave it
don't give me that look
nope you're not eating it it's over it's
over stop it it's your car
don't you pop me it's over it's over
there's no more its stomach please drop
it hey stop
no yeah yeah bust your mouth doesn't
feel good does it no all over he's a
menace he's a menace please don't eat
that play with that not with the bed top
of a soundboard thing yeah you don't
have anywhere to eat that anymore in
this room because you ate your bed
children they just don't listen they
think they know best I know best I'm the
mom I know best quality content quality
content pick him up pick him up you said
hey you need to apologize to the world
being such a menace
hey in the middle of my livestream
cousin I have to pay attention to you
now and not them don't look at it don't
look at it the more you look at it the
worse it's gonna be for you okay now
will you go
outside you can go play outside now
because you can't play with that bad
anymore
so you go play outside okay become giant
he is he's a giant you show here control
right here we just chill like this are
you good are you good
you know so much dude
you're the reason I'm breaking out your
tongue I know I see what you lick I see
what you lick I'm gonna be on that list
he's a good boy he is a good boy he's
just a button and I love him for it he's
got character it's okay we forgive plays
faith forgives you say thank you faith
moms know best they truly do you've got
to start snoring on me there you go
you're okay
you're good you can go sleep now nicely
go see blazes you're Dennis yep mm I
still know where the ring is
I don't either where did that person
think there was a ring in my background
don't understand dude I can't talk when
you let me push your missus doing right
now
what's who's your mouth doing okay all
right this is not a make-out session
where is the ring I don't know this
blade's know any tricks yes if you have
food in your hand yes I said the word
food you know this is sit down pop like
shake your hand um stay and wait if you
say wait you can put like a tree almost
on its nose it just can't balance I
can't balance it on his nose because
he's so Wiggly you won't eat it until
you tell him to yeah that's about it
though I don't care that much about
tricks like circus stuff I care more
about him just behaving in general which
was that was
a great example of okay let's go back to
Instagram because that's where we were
before you know you can't eat my phone
that is totally against the rules
how are you more well behaved just
laying on me anymore down all right back
to my most recent picture on Instagram
did you finally just see yourself in the
computer put a cover over the bed that
he can't rip honey he's a pit people he
can get through any cover that exists
there's not a toy on earth he can't
destroy not a bed there's nothing he
could get through metal how old is blaze
almost 11 months how was being sick on
Christmas it stopped but my family had a
really good belated Christmas party
which was a lot of fun so and I got to
see my family and it was it was you know
it wasn't as bad as you'd expect it to
be yeah it sucks but I think I'm an
adult now and it was okay if I was a kid
that would have been the most traumatic
thing in the entire world but it was
cool cuz I still got to see my family
and stuff okay you can't do that with
your head thank you blaze is so annoying
leave only I am allowed to call in that
leave just for that
we're going back to Twitter you're
holding hands true love we all dance all
the time
wrapping paper kind of looks like a ring
it's wrapping paper what kind of ring
are you guys talking about like a rainy
put on your finger or like a boo-boo
bring a juggling what are you guys
talking about the background I really
can't figure it out here how's life it's
pretty chill right now I'm happy at the
moment my darks si how are you doing you
sleepy no a sleepy dog ye what is
something even meaning to try but
haven't gotten around to yet no what is
something you're about to fall you don't
you don't fit that way anymore dude what
is something I've been meaning to try
but haven't hmm a social life like I
want to do something I do it is there's
not much in the world that stops me from
anything
maybe I should venture out more often
I should have bigger dreams and desires
blaze that's a good question ask people
that's like a legit question I'm sorry I
don't have an answer for it but I
appreciate the question I think the ring
is the base of your lamp what I'm so
confused by everything what's everyone
talking about put bitter apple spray on
stuff he likes to chew I've tried that
and he waits for it to fade and then he
goes back to it the all I know I could
have if I wasn't live-streaming I would
have dealt with the situation
appropriately but it's hard to
livestream and appropriately take care
of the situation so I know what I was
supposed to do for his training I just I
just couldn't do it at the moment I'm
supposed to actually set him up for
failure to correct him in test
situations and so I don't have to deal
with it in the moment it's the whole
thing
oversize child just like me like mother
like son listen okay I ask the question
okay I'll show you the ring
yes Graceland show me the ring you're
failing Graceling bracelet I'm waiting I
am waiting for you to tell me what the
the base how this this is the this is
what does it go soundproofing so my room
doesn't act it when I film videos this
is the base of it what kind of ring were
you thinking cuz when you said ring I
think that like a ring for my finger and
I was so confused I'm still so confused
what kind of ring are you talking about
Rachel you stressing me out that frickin
ring is from PLD PO box in the box with
the blue writing and the place trying
either you look away anybody stressed
means I am are you talking about I don't
understand Graceland you need to give me
a detailed unstressed message that I
will read afterwards as to what ring you
are speaking of I am so confused you
should do more ASL videos I pretty much
forgotten a lot of AS Oaks I don't use
it anymore I'm sure I mean I can still
understand people but I'm sure if I
refreshed I could but do you guys once
actually learn that I mean it's handy to
have it's really handy to know what
hurry up so give you a Sarah we're
getting to the bottom of it don't worry
what's your cut from
from Canada have you ever had a black
eye I feel like I have right yes I've
had a black eye but I don't remember
from what but I remember I took a
picture before I've had black eye right
here why did I have a black eye you what
it was when I've been doggin and my life
is on the internet there has to be a
reason I have why does a black guy I
think it was before you so you didn't
actually accidentally hit me in the head
he's accidentally hit me in the head a
few times with his head and his head is
a lot harder than my head
no one punched me it was like wearing
glasses and something hit me misses it
guys this is a stress milk's I
remembered that I've had a black eye yes
cuz teeny told me teeny gave me
information about it why in the world
that I have a black eye guys this is
gonna stress me out does anyone remember
I am refreshing Twitter right now is
anyone remember why I had a black eye
before cuz I've never got in a fist
fight you had a black eye when you were
hit playing laser tag Thank You Jess
that's your name
thank you I hit myself in the face with
a laser tag guys you know ignore the
reasons normal reasons laser tag I am my
own worst enemy hit myself in the face
oh yeah oh man it was huge I'm huge blue
bump that was nasty so yes I've had a
black guy but no one's ever punched me
in the face before I punched Christopher
in the face once and ivory which is
absolutely black and when things aren't
back right guys somebody in the
background background isn't done yet I
will eventually have a handcrafted made
by yours truly little side table right
here and then a couch that also doubles
as a bed for when I have guests with
another little hand made by yours truly
side table on the other side and then I
have little white shelves with cute
little things on them above it and that
would be the background of my videos
just so you all know I know what I want
I know what it should be
I just haven't done it one step at a
time guys yeah okay you all remembered
people are sending me tea honey tea tea
tea tea tea you know Matt has no idea
what tea means on the internet but he
loves a good cup of tea at the end of
the day what I always try and make a tea
reference he never gets that it makes me
sad that's all
why did you punch Christopher a lot
listen I was a child if you know me if
you've seen me through the years kind of
evolved as a human being I used to have
anger issues and I had violent feelings
but I never acted on them except once as
a child I used to just my first reaction
was angry was to be violent I never
acted out on it I have amazing
self-control but know your strengths
guys be okay with it
um but when I was a child Christopher
was eight years old he wasn't what he
was he was he's always been eight years
old me always will be he's eight years
older than me and so when I was a kid he
was like a teenager and he would he took
care of me a lot and he would read me
bedtime stories sometimes and he did
this thing that made me so angry
we'd be laying in bed and you'd be
reading me a story well a lot and I'd be
like out of that bullying read me that
story and he'd take the sleeve of that
story and put it on the book of another
book on another book so he'd be reading
me the wrong story and I mean like no
that's not the book and what he's like
this is you pointed to this book I'm
like yep that's the book and when he's
like yeah so and I mean he intentionally
pissed me off because he thought it was
he's being a big prize he was you know
he was doing big brother things which
aren't nice but like he wasn't it
I just got so frustrated and angry I was
like are you stop it and I literally
punched him in the nose cuz I was so I
think I kicked him in the mouth I was a
punching and kicking buy me a child I
think I was about six fish which makes
him how old who's a B fourteen at that
time so I mean he had the upper hand
physically but I definitely he never hit
me back he was obviously he was a
teenage boy he did not need to hit me
back but I got so frustrated and angry
because he kept it going I was just like
I knew what book I wanted I did not pick
that book even though that was the cover
that I wanted and I couldn't I was
getting so frustrated and I violently
punched and kicked him so that's why
Chris Wright the only time I've ever
been violence I do not have violent
tendencies anymore
you are a savage I was listen a girl
once her bedtime story read the correct
way that's all I'm saying
Matt only likes literal tea yes you
don't have time for a tea I don't have
time for the other tea
you know tea is really good if you put a
little lemon and honey in it like for
realsies teeth he's good place is so
calm now
yeah he just needed me to lay down
sometimes he'll be running in circles
and I sit down the couch and he comes up
and just immediately falls asleep on my
lap he just he's a child he goes in
circles until you're like hey you are
tired and then he's like oh yeah I am oh
your daddy missed it bathroom you're
fine Rachel do you watch property
obviously duh I once punched a kid that
was picking on my sister I don't regret
it I don't regret it either good I mean
I don't promote violence or condone it
but don't pick on people so slow so I'm
just saying on I just got my tongue
stuck in my phone case I'm in so much
pain
help Sara mckennon McKenna sorry I just
read what I want to treat cuz I think I
knew a Sara McKinnon anyway Sara how did
you get your tongue stuck in a phone
case I don't know how that is humanly
possible for that I'm going back to
Instagram this man never get jealous of
blaze yes because I cuddle this dude
gives zero FS and we'll just cuddle me
all the time he gets them like he has to
be cuddling the all time so sometimes
there's a little jealousy I'm a hot
commodity in the house there have you
ever watched friends duh come on don't
insult me you watch so 100 on Netflix
it's so good I have watched the first
two seasons I didn't know if there's
third or not I feel like I've said this
before in the live stream recently not
that I'm mad at you for asking I just
feel like I have and I'm just
remembering that and thinking out loud
do you like cats yeah dick ooh
O'Mara who said blaze is annoying come
on guys talk to me on insta know what's
there we go I don't like tea I didn't
either
what I'm too little tea with on it I
never liked it either and then in
college my friend Rachel whittling was
like no it's good and her parents are
like their hobby is beekeeping and so
the very humane about the whole thing
it's very they're very like organic
earth nice people so she'd always bring
homemade honey and it was delicious
and she put that and the tea's and with
- a lemon it was it's good it made me
like tea I've been watching you for five
years I've been on here for five years
oh honey I need a break Lord may blazes
massive now yeah he's still going he's
still growing hi box so I punched a few
people you know consensually I've always
wanted to box but then I didn't want to
ruin my face cuz that's I'm conceited
why don't you do photography as a
profession because I don't know anything
about photography
I had point-and-shoot I don't know any
of the rules I'm not that great with
Photoshop like I can get by but I'm not
that great at it I would definitely need
to go back to school take or shadow or
intern with an actual photographer so
that would take time and effort I don't
know anything about it I know none of
the rules I'm learning as I go
it's fun I enjoy it but it's I'm not at
the position where I could make it a
profession what's the weather like in
Cali uh he was a little windy today
but a high of 72
pros and cons Apple watch a pros it's
really great if you're into fitness cons
is it's kind of ugly and gives you a tan
line that's about it back to Twitter
every tweet Americans said is archived
by a Library of Congress real facts by
sample all right
I mean I'm tweet anything I wouldn't
want Congress to see so Jimmer Fred from
YouTube obviously cuz he was on iCarly
I also think I've met him I like your
left nostril
it looks really poppin I take the
compliment
shirts podcast info nothing yet
no updates because it's Saturday and no
one emails on Saturday which I like dude
you are so hot I am starting to sweat
because I'm wearing my snow jacket and
your body I'm literally wearing your
body you don't care I'm sweating chunky
stir fry nananana nananana stir fry have
you seen baby daddy I actually haven't
everyone's just talked
about when they beat up their siblings
we shouldn't beat up our siblings guys
but I will say 'christopher never read
me the wrong bedtime story ever again do
you like cheddar bunnies
what's a cheddar bunny is it like Chex
Mix button the Annie's version of it if
some never had him do you watch the
RuPaul's Drag Race but I'm with clean
cuz I don't know how to watch it unless
I buy it out of my bunch thanks I'm
really cheap ah so I watch it
when I'm with Colleen and she's watching
it I love the show it's a great show
I've just never gotten around to like
sitting on my own and watching it which
I kind of regret cuz I know it's amazing
and I'm very entertained by it I should
do that because I'm kind of out of shows
again yeah I'm gonna do watch RuPaul
do you think you can solve this oh it's
the math equation not right now did you
do ten more minutes guys even though
this hasn't been that exciting I know
you're really sad to see me go
what's a cheddar bunny okay everyone's
mad at me guys I don't know what that is
calm down educate me instead of yelling
at me for educate yes I saw what chatter
buddies
I didn't even know what they were but I
didn't know what they were because I'm a
genius the Andes were I never had any
Andy's version of anything I always had
store-brand versions of everything
growing up so but I've never had that
any version I used to love Jesus they
were delicious
I don't hate them anymore Rachel do you
like them right across row cosgrove I
can speak duh come on do you like
Vegemite no but I don't think I've been
introduced to it enough and had it the
most proper ways for me to would
actually enjoy it did you I think it's
something like it takes 13 times for a
kid for kids to be eating a new food for
them to de start to like it and you have
to introduce a new food to 13 times I
think something really feels like that
before a kid is like okay so the kid
hates broccoli make it mean 13 times you
know don't shove it down their throat
but eventually they learn to like it
except peas canned peas no one will ever
like those you know please is there
hashtag no Ben there's no hashtag just
tweet at me which do you like better I
carlier victorious
iCarly because I was already a little
too old to be watching icarly so by the
time victorious rolled around I was
definitely too old for that
so icarly was more my time era I'm still
too old for it definitely in high school
but victorious happened yeah I watched
some of victorious but icarly was
definitely my jam you all have some
week's question
Matt I'm not gonna answer them because
you're so curious that's what I got Mike
okay Sara and McKenna got her phone her
toms suck at her phone case because she
was putting the phone case on and she
used her teeth and the tongue got stuck
between the top and the bottom of it
don't use your teeth for anything but
eating and biting you have to bite in
some situations you have to bite people
you mean something your teeth they're
strong but don't use your teeth for
things I I once broke my braces like you
know how I sometimes you're if something
happens you're if you're wearing braces
when the brackets will come loose I
accidentally broke one of my brackets
and it came loose because I was trying
to separate two Legos from each other
and I was using my teeth and it snapped
and hit the bracket so that was fun
that's a good don't do use your teeth
for things except eating can I help you
you're good all right what would you do
your sleigh my butt is no my butt is so
numb right now you're gonna fall there's
nothing down there you gotta put your
head on our what would you name your
host if you had one
what's a host what are you talking about
like the host of the TV show what host
what are you talking about what Molly
I'm super fuses what are you singing
what were you singing no idea what was i
singing not glue i don't really register
when I'm singing it doesn't I don't
notice that I'm doing it
I miss Gwen how is she she's good she's
grand she's glorious I was there last
weekend or no I was there Tuesday we
hung out for the day we had fun it was
good it was good she's good
today I will tell you something amazing
my mother did today she went to the
beach and sold an entire trash bag full
of
garbage that she found on the beach
through the way so I think we should all
should give her a round of applause she
didn't do it for the appreciation and
the recognition she just told me because
she knows that she wants to make me
happy but she just did it and I think
she's a glorious human for it she said
those fishies don't need that nice and
you're right mom so round of applause
for my mother blaze it is that yes oh
you're playing someone what happened in
the stream I'm late ass basically blaze
Ava's bed and that's about it
don't jerk about it your mom is a
perfect icon I know isn't she the best I
love her I go and did that yes you did
suitable thoughts oh I hope the Eagles
went rooting for the Eagles
that's my only thought about it how do I
convince my parents to get a frog to get
a fog I think you meant frog so Kate I
was having everyone I don't know see the
thing is my mom just always bought
animals we had six cats
that always gave birth we had like three
four dogs bunch bunnies guinea pigs
rabbits chickens birds fish there I
actually grew grew up telling my mom not
to get animals I was the one prohibiting
the more animals I know that's insane
but after a few animals in such a small
space
no one's getting no one's happy about it
no one's happy about it
so I actually prohibited my mother from
getting more animals so people say how
do I convince my parents to get an
animal I don't know I do not know
because I was dealing with the opposite
problem as a child anyone has an adult
so I can't I can't help you there I'm
currently trying to commit Matt a second
dog would be the right decision I think
we should probably get the house
finished first cuz it will be a handful
no well tell em sit no wonder I said
that how are Quinn's chickens are they
still popping our eggs yes they're still
popping our eggs
she's I'm actually going to help her
build a taller chicken coop when I was
there she asked me if I knew how to do
something I was like rude of course I do
but she wants to redo her chicken coop
just renovate it so I'm going back soon
to home renovate my mom's chicken coop
because her chickens are still a poppin
how many years did you wear braces one
and a half cuz I did everything they've
told me to I was on my game I wore those
rubber bands I wore that palette thingy
I did it I took care of my teeth and so
in some two years I did a year and a
half that's all you're saying Pink
Panther I did I didn't even know lemon
in them and then mr. Frey you don't know
it yet but this is your best friend
jingle jingle dress I don't even know
who that is
oh I was singing stir-fry probably my
Buddism - yeah it's not a fun thing but
I'm glad for twin season the button
numbness please frog when you're with
her I thought when I was with her
did I not post that footage I think I
did yeah I posted it we didn't do much
queen of renovations I know what should
I do
I don't know please you don't have to do
me
Blaze's living life right now I know
he's a spoiled brat I'm literally
holding up his head with my hand cuz I
know he has no place to put his head
mother still I meant to say what would
you name your boat not host Oh Molly I
was so confused what I named my boat
Krunk no I'm not a boat person I've
never thought about that but
the ocean is a did my indecisiveness
wake you up but this ocean kind of
scares me well I like to venture out
every once in a while I don't think I'd
invest in a boat in order to go and
venture out on it all the time
just cuz the ocean is a powerful thing
some other nature at its finest railings
um anyway wait why is it called
chocolate chip cookies if there are more
than one chip in them
chocolate chips cookies oh you want to
be chocolate chips cookies and so Chuck
chip cookies huh yeah I got no answer
for you the English language is a lot of
fun it's really hard to learn and we all
fail at it probably why it's hard for
Americans not what's not because England
and other english-speaking places pick
up other language as well and their kids
school system suck okay spend an hour
hopefully you were entertained by my dog
in me this wasn't the most exciting last
room I've ever had I feel like we had
some quality content in here important
mother okay I love you guys thanks for
hanging out
droll awesome bye
