I'm currently on the way to the urgent
care of the day after my show I felt my
throat getting sick and then last night
which is was Thursday night I couldn't
sleep at all and so I'm on the urgent
care because tomorrow which is every
Saturday I'm supposed to go to semi a
battlefront videogame release party
thing and I'm supposed to act happy at
Vinny's but I'm very sick and then I
leave for book tour on Tuesday so I'm
trying to get better before that and I'm
hoping that the doctor give me like a
b12 shot or something or make sure it's
not strep so when I hug you guys I'm not
giving you guys strep throat so that's
what's happening going the doctor just
to make sure you see if I can get better
quicker or just to make sure I'm not
going to spread a disease that shouldn't
be spread so that's my life I'm trying
to get everything done yeah they want me
to play a video game tomorrow in front
of everyone yeah I told them I don't
know how to play the video games but
they're like no it's okay and then I
will read the list of gamers the list of
people going and it's just a bunch of
gamers so I don't think they realize
that I'm not a gamer I don't know but I
thought it would be fun to go because
the game when I saw the preview seemed
really cool and I like do want to give
it a try by giving it a try in front of
sort of a bunch of really talented video
gamers might be a little embarrassing
but I think it you know don't say no to
an opportunity that could be fun oh my
god that dr. hodgins dog
so I don't have strap which is good I
didn't think I did but I just wanted to
make sure I didn't let you give me a
couple prescriptions to make sure it
doesn't go to my nose because when I get
a runny nose stays running for about two
weeks and then my nose gets bright red
and chapped which would look really
great for a book tour
but yeah so he's giving me that and then
give me another thing to make it my lips
notes not as swollen so we'll artists
that come and he says if I see any white
puffs or I get a fever I have to get an
antibiotic but that's it so I'm not I
knew it was just a common cold but I
just wanted to make sure as I was
leaving I told you like how do you think
he's got sick and I think you know
anyone is sick I was like I had a live
show I hugged about 200 kids and he's
like Oh that'll do it and then I suppose
we be sick try not to hug there are so
many kids next week sounds like you
silly silly mad that's a Perales floor
so right now I'm you know how hard it is
to find someone to take care of your dog
when it doesn't have its rabies shots
and it has Giardia I need someone to
take care of my dog cuz Matt's going
with me to the video game thing tomorrow
and John's boy friend Ron gets into town
but he won't get to the house until
after we have left because you can
technically let the dog out I don't know
but we're just trying to find someone to
take care of the dog my mom can't
which means what I can
and you go this thing I mean the dog
take care of my life I'm not going to be
s those prescriptions get the things I
need to get alright we just stopped off
at a random office building that had
some grasses you go piddles because
we've been in about this car for a
little over an hour and that's usually
his time frame time limit if he's not
fully asleep when he woke up a little
bit so how about in P so now it's just
another hour grandma's just an hour of
traffic sign about whole whole genic all
right yeah what are you doing you got
toys back there time to toys are you
eating this paper towel I put in there
to stop it from rattling oh I'm gonna
have to stop and fix this goodness
gracious
NIC NIC NIC NIC NIC grandpa grandpa
grandpa
the whole family showed up to see blaze
come on
Trent did a grand hello you all were
lazy
Trent knows how to put on a show this
dude are you getting green applause are
you kidding grandpa kill vicious so
vicious okay so it's the next morning
ladies at my mother's I dropped her off
my mother's she loves it there he's
never going to want to come home he is
going to leave me and just live at my
mother's he gets free range of her
living room and kitchen backyard and
side yard and when he got his hyper hour
usually he can't run around like crazy
because we're at Colleen's house when we
become contained a little bit so he gets
kind of like bitey but not in like a
mean way but like he has this energy
needs to get out so he just goes and
vice anything that's near him but at my
mom's house she opened up the side door
the back door and he would run all the
way around the backyard to the side yard
through the kitchen into the living room
all of my background going around around
her out it was hilarious and then he met
Cinderella and Bubba through the fence
they're not allowed to meet it without a
fence between them because of one of
them were to lick blades but and they
might get Giardia or they were to sniff
his poop they would get Giardia so they
have to stay between a fence but that
was his first like real interaction with
dogs that was more than three seconds
since his siblings and he and Cinderella
our best friends all they want to do is
play with each other and sometimes I'll
get too loud because we keep barking at
each other and Bubba just stands in
between them to break it up because he's
like this grumpy old man and he's like
no guys are done I'm over this and they
like run around away from each other and
then once bubble goes back to it was fed
they come back to the fence and start
yapping at each other it's adorable but
and he's allowed on the furniture there
I don't put him on the furniture here
explains got really nice stuff so I've
never been able to like cuddle on the
furniture I have to like go to the
ground to cuddle up and it was so nice
to cuddle him on my mom's couch while
the whole family was sure we were just
talking hanging out tini showed up it
was who's so great I can't wait till I
have my own house I'm going to buy him
and I a little loveseat little couch
loveseat
that's a material for dogs
so that he can't scratch through it
because our coaches are leather I don't
want them on the leather but I want to
buy him and I are on the loveseat couch
when I get my house I didn't find a
house I keep looking and I can't find it
but anyway today I'm going to go do a
brand deal for battlefront it's going on
my main channel Wednesday I'm nervous
about it but it's going to be a lot of
fun and mass meeting up with me there
later I'm just going to rehearsal right
now and it's 7:00 and so I got it
ordered by uber it's almost 8:00 but
he's coming later to hang out with me
it's like a brand deal it has to do with
video games you don't say so and also
we're don't have a dog today so I think
afterwards we're going to have a little
adult date that made it seem weird we're
just going we're just going to hang out
with just us - out of the house for more
than an hour at a time
so that's my life today my throat it
always hurts in the middle of a night
but I take the medicine that my doctor
gave me and it should start really
better in about an hour so hopefully
it's all good for when I'm doing my own
thing today all right I'm back from my
brand deal thingy I took a nap I'm sick
I'm tired I took a nap I hadn't have a
dog to deal with so I definitely took an
hour-long nap but now I'm going to film
a bunch of videos because I don't have
steel to dog today to deal with is if
it's a problem I don't have to watch my
dog today why is this of dark lighter
there it is but he's got my mom still
tomorrow so I'm just going to get a
bunch of stuff done that's my plan for
the day
