get it did you get it
guess who's about to poop you can see
his little butt getting puffy there it
is give him some privacy
pitch Friday morning I'm about to take
him to the vet
he got breakfast 15 minutes early we
gotta leave in five huh yes yeah as you
said you go boys a poop up you are so
lazy in the morning you can't jump for
the life of you taking him to the vet
because he's got to do his just don't
 around vaccines I don't even know I
think it's just third round John but
then after the vet I had to pick up my
friend Sammy from an airport flying her
in to help me with my live show because
she's the only one I trust with my
laptop backstage doing the slides and
she knows shows a little bit so she you
know she's helping me and my sister
before and that's all there is today it
was a good boy it develop don't want to
annoy the venue were all right so on
July 3rd he goes in for his rabies shot
and they'll test it he's clear Giardia
and if he's clear of Giardia two weeks
after his rabies shot he is a furry dog
and he could go wherever you want so we
just have one month and two weeks until
you are three four has the wind blows
nice gesture yes your sister's just
don't go home do you want to go home
home your favorite place huh you a
homebody
all right you're gonna go home but that
went way quicker my daughter would don't
whine at me we're going home um but they
said he looks everything's good was your
puppy's whose do poopies he just can't
be tested for Giardia until the third
and then that's when you get your rabies
shot so that's what we're doing right
okay let's go home
Oh
okay I have a whole bunch of you people
because I picked up Samantha from the
airport and we are now at - crafts
because at my show I'm selling posters
but I wanted to have there be something
really cheap that you guys could only
get at my shows to be like you know like
I was at the show so I decided to do
shrinky dinks and I'm going to do a
thumbs up maybe some green hearts or a
potato or a little say awesome possums
and make them into keychains because
it's like just some super Shiva's - you
guys like AI posters are kind of
expensive and Oh Samantha found the
whole bunch but we've been in the store
for an hour trying to find the thing
neither of us like craft stores we have
I think circle to store 10 times also I
helped another lady find a shrink of
Inklings
we're up we're up oh you couldn't reach
it anyway we've been in here an hour and
we finally found all the things that we
needed Oh
five things and then we actually have to
do the crafts tonight which you guys are
we I'm not good at this so now we're
just going to go home and try to figure
out life so family 7070 are doing the
shrinky dinks stuff right doing a test
to run I wanted to hand make all of them
but that's a lot so we might print them
it's just a thing but it's any old it's
a toughie crying for not what they
usually have you seen me yes I look
fabulous
oh you saw Matt anyway that's what we're
doing right now it's late but we're
getting the Sun and we saw even gone
over the show we have tomorrow but we
don't would show up we should go
okay so the Shrinky Dinks are ready
right now we're just doing test runs on
the heart we're figuring out the color
and the size of the things all right
so that's what so let's watch these
shrink in the bank yeah I'm not really
thinking on the shrinking why are you
not oh you know thinking anything is
very clean
and I won't get down here I don't know
leave this up to me it's been a minute
40 how long am i suppose one two three
um yeah we can probably say so let's
wait should we wait this whole two
minutes oh ten seconds ten more seconds
however having read yes this drawer
let's take em out let's see yeah the
oven did you why is that what I have
green on it and why is this one
different races because you made it
orange is correct
okay now we're trying them on this white
shrinking paper and saying what we like
better we are stressed
you're just desktop
I can't tell if I like them in white or
clear better so technically you said
this one looks too much like the
Facebook thumbs up things so I have to
do it clear which means more time
because these ones I just printed out
and cut the clear ones I have to trace
them and cut but these ones my dad sent
this over to me
my dad's epic so we're going to try to
use ones out the whole process it's 11
p.m. I need a bit so Sam and I are on
our way to the mall because ah I stepped
in dog poop with my vans and it was like
oh I don't want to clean this they're
old I need new shoes anyway so it's from
boy and then I was like oh I packed all
my other shoes so they're in a storage
unit all I have is my Nikes and I have a
show tomorrow and I don't want to just
go on stage with my Nikes like my
praying shoes that you know so anyway
Sammy was like you Morgan one of them
all so we're going to the ball but all
the way to the ball we're on a street
like you know typical downtown downtown
streets where like there's shops all on
the side and there are lights and
sometimes the lights are far apart so
there are crosswalks in between the
lights because you want to go back and
forth all over the street anyway there's
a guy that didn't wait for traffic to
start to stop he just started crossing
on his longboard so going really fast I
didn't even see him because he just
literally you know when you're crossing
a street in the crosswalk there's no
lights
you kind of do a step off the street to
see if the cars are going to stop for
you and then you slowly and you know
through the hand oh I'm crossing okay
and then you jog across really fast when
everyone realizes you exist this is how
I cross the street
I've never gotten hit so I think it
works so this guy just starts to shoot
out while he's in a crosswalk so I just
stopped Sammy goes on watch out there's
a guy and okay I stopped not mad at him
at all he's grabbing a crosswalk
he wasn't safe about it but it's his
right of way to cross the street and
then I look in my rearview mirror and
the guy next to me is going full force
and doesn't see the guy and so I honks
so the guy next to me stops the guy on
the longboard thought I was talking at
him so proceeds to flip me off and
family just goes thank you but I like
no I was saving your life but I get the
middle finger that's why I think that
there should be different forms in her
car one that says hey watch out one that
says fu and one of those hey can you
just move a little bit that's what we
need good that right there I wasn't
saying fu I was saying hey watch out guy
over there so the dude that hates me
doesn't know I secretly saved his life
that's all we're going reroute we're
going on all bye so Sam and I have been
running around all day getting stuff for
the show and we've also been working on
all of the shrink and ynx we're making
150 which doesn't seem like that much
but it takes a lot of work you have to
trace and cut out and color and hole
pledge and shrink and then add the thing
to each one so doing way more work than
we should but hey I'm backstage Shone's
on a half hour is day of show oh my
goodness
I am losing not stressing I think like
great Weiss's graceful is my leg I'm
after I know the show well like I wrote
it my cup tripod did not work I know the
show and if I breathe oh I won't forget
the time I do a set list I adjust
Eastham is my first time on stage all by
myself
just everyone out there weirdly is they
see me yeah weird out so I don't go I'm
just so nervous my parents
and Sammy are selling merch right now
and that that I'm don't even though
about straighten my hair because
apparently is supposed to do your hair
her show 500 late call me today she's
just act like you're going on stage too
small for me hi mommy
come on you're here to eat your food
house merch going you're treating thrown
was gonna be honest I'm talking you're
going on money focusing on oh my god
sweetest kid I believe that okay oh my
gosh my freaking day I'm language I can
make I spent hours doing that it's
better for Barry for my show I said
hours doing shrinky dink all right I
love you guys
- mater oh my god three minutes of the
show yeah I want to forget everything
that is happening in my brain and so I
have all got a row I'm going to have
 I just have to remember have fun in
life I mean our live stream so I'm
supposed to once a week but I can do
them I have done them so if literally go
off look I can I know I can improv for
how long Hulu when I get nervous you can
hear it in my voice so I step on stage
and people are there see videos you hear
me go like this you look like talking so
weird this is because my voice does this
weird whoever sing when I'm nervous
alright talking really really fast and
you can't understand anything I'm saying
is I'm talking so fast I just do that
when I remember so I have to remember to
take a beat take a breath and talk
normal
okay
committeth started guys my life Stroh
sucks it's done it's over jack that's a
high did Marie Ellis over this time my
voice I was so nervous my voice didn't
get a shaky thing I've ran out of voice
and completely ran out of my voice I
couldn't I it's gone now but I had a lot
of fun doing it mom did it go well and
you're gonna lie no matter what you're
gonna say it was right you almost the
worst part will do what's the worst part
the worst part yeah
don't say nothing um waiting for to
start oh my god it wasn't what I called
you out some things I feel like I caught
that I called that out I mean little
improv and called my dad out on some
stuff oh I don't know how I actually you
guys laugh at some parts cheered at some
parts I think my favorite parts is when
I was just not going on script and just
kind of just to Sammy's making
announcements for the being great I
think my favorite parts were just like
when I was just talking with you guys
and improv a ceccolini and sweating by
foot pits right now yeah yeah yeah
