it's Friday morning and my ball is
eating his bowl let me see how much of
your bony beating you're only allowed to
eat half of it
Wow you've eaten half of it alright that
means it's time for your walk okay yeah
eat this you need some more while I get
your harness and stuff
he's eating those uh they're like
they're called nylon bones they're like
a rubber bone
he was ingesting it like eating it
you're not supposed to just read up just
to chew on
it's nylon bones this but in bigger form
and this one's really hard this one is
plastic he can't bite that one
but the bigger rubber ones he was
actually like ingesting and eating and
he threw a bunch up one morning so now
he has his
edible bones that are supposed to last
like a few days a week he can go through
in a half hour so we have to monitor how
much he eats but we give them those when
we both need to be inside real quick and
can't watch them because we know that's
all he'll but I'm gonna
take him on a walk so I can tire him out
as I've realized 45 minute walks makes
them pretty tired so I can go about my
life all right buddy
you're going to walk yeah you were gonna
walk well mommy you wanna grow know a
good minute yes yes maybe all right
let's put you in this you can have your
bone in your mouth while I put the Sun
but then your bone gets taken away yes
yes you're going to swallow that hole
aren't you when he sees people on his
walk all he wants to do is play with
them and he gets very confused when they
don't want to play back come on buddy
come on I know people are exciting I
know people are exciting I know come on
what did you do if you do why cannot
Rockies do to do why a colossus do do do
and it will work
come on someone's coming
how much you can do it what he is legit
pouting because those people wouldn't
come pet him but you've gone like one
block get back up are you mad because no
one wanted to play with you
all right I'm at Petsmart normal home
are you talking about my dog sorry I'm
getting this apple butter spray stuff
some white things apparently it makes
them stop biting things you spray it on
there and bitter tasting so they hate it
so I'm going to do that and I like to go
to the grocery store and that's my life
that's all it is right now thought I'd
give you an update let's go to bed smart
you
hey buddy I'm gonna tell them a story
about you okay well not about you about
some douchebag okay that we saw in our
walk today twice all right so give mommy
a minute please go play with the toy can
you go play with the toy so I know in
adopting a pet ball people were going to
say some mean things because pit bulls
are stereotyped they have been used for
fighting dogs and attack dogs and guard
dogs they naturally have a lot of
muscles so people use that to look mean
and train the dog to be bad pit bulls
are not naturally a bad dog and I want
to prove to the world
pit bulls aren't bad dogs pick on the
attitude of their owner and respond the
way you train them but I decided to
raise a pit bull it's a normal happy dog
it will be a fighting dogs not going to
be an aggressive dog it's not gonna be a
violent dog when I told you I was
getting a pit bull I got a lot of people
saying careful those are vicious careful
those are those are known to attack
people and I'm like okay I'm just going
to show the world that dogs do what
they're trained to do they're not mean
in nature they are a dog all dogs and
while breeds do have certain tendencies
over others pit bulls were just shown to
have muscle and people use that to make
them a scary dog it's not the dog's
fault
my dog has never been trained to fight
has never been trained to be vicious and
it's not anyway I digress since I've
gotten him I've never had anyone say
anything negative about him yet but he's
a pit bull before I go you go peepee
rest good people just joining the grass
Bobo since I've got him no one said
anything to me because like have you
seen him he's precious least vicious
thing on the planet and on our walks
usually every time we're going to walk
at least one person stops to pet him and
he pees with excitement and he loves it
he loves when people pet him his
favorite part of the walk as I can tell
via his tail wag today on the walk
though an old man probably 260s was
walking past us and blaze got excited
and wanted to him to pet him so the guy
stopped and he's like oh a beautiful dog
what kind is it and I said oh he's a pit
bull terrier and he was oh I kind of
stopped petting him and I was like okay
well he's a judge or whatever and I was
like yeah he's like oh I just got a dog
for my family I was like oh that's great
he's like yeah it's not a pitbull though
it's a lab and other labs are great dogs
he's like yeah yeah they are better
I hit my tongue cuz I'm like I'm not
gonna start a fight with this dude you
know we're just going to show people
that he's a good dog by being a good dog
and I was like yeah he loves humans
you know because he kept trying to play
with the guy but the guy wouldn't play
with him back the second he brought out
his pickle and so I was like yeah he
loved human sorry and he's a quote for
now I was like have a good day sir and I
pulled blaze away and we walked away I
was like okay my first moment of having
a pit bull and someone judging me my
first moment I think I handled it well
wished him a good day locked away in my
dog is older he'll prove that he's a
good dog cut to our evening walk that
was our afternoon walk our evening walk
you started getting a little rowdy so I
was like let's go get some energy let's
go on her walk too sure walking we got
through our turnaround point we started
coming back and I see the old man with
two women and a child so they're walking
and blaze sees them and wants to pet him
and he wants to meet them it gets all
excited so the mom pushing the stroller
was like oh my god like you puppy in my
on oh so she's like I don't look
important blaze is jumping around he's
excited he never he's never nips or
gotten roused the rowdy with a stranger
he only does that with me like we're in
the backyard he has too much energy when
he's on a walk he's very good dog he's
playing with merit inside right now and
swear so on a lots of people meet him he
just licks her hands and Wiggles and
usually he falls on his back so they rub
his belly so he did all that and they
were like what could I do so he's a
pitbull terrier
now oh and one of the ladies was like oh
is he rescue as I can't he's a rescue
should I go that's great I was like yeah
he's one of the good ones and the old
man again was like well for now I just
sounds like have a good day and I walked
away okay what is it the dog has done
nothing to this old man did that nothing
but lick him and be excited around him
and lay on his back for him and his old
man keeps jabbing at my dog look at the
dog are you bishop are you ambitious
little puppy can you do bishops oh no
you're not even strong enough to jump on
a table you have done nothing to this
old man but this old man keeps insulting
my dog for no reason my dog has done
nothing but cuteness and happiness in
front of the boat man
and he keeps jabbing and keeps saying
like well that dog could have turned
into a vicious monster basically I knew
this would happen
I'm a playful mom I knew people were
going to automatically not like my dog
just because of the breed but this is
just you know the first story and I'm
sure of many stories that will happen
and I'm trying not to let it affect me
and it was kind of motivating me harder
to train him better to make him like the
most ultimate dog that ever had been are
you gonna be the best dog ever has been
yeah so that's the plan say poo poo on
you old man what poo on you Orin just go
sniff something so vicious you're still
fishing you're so vicious
oh my heart I have the most vicious dog
on a block the most vicious dog on a
blog the other day walking him a little
like Shih Tzu white dog started barking
at him and he ran away from it that's
how this is my dog is he ran away from
another dog packet sighs good job you
Bushido doggie you're gonna get on a
donkey but get them I mean you'll run
away from them but get their owner
target all right that's all I just had
to defend a little bit about that old
man who just insisted on jabbing at my
dog it wasn't like I was on this high
horse thing like pit bulls are the best
dogs in the world and he had to bring me
down I literally was like hi did you
want to pet my dog okay sure
have a nice day huh must show him though
will show hand blaze will shake our fist
at him blaze licking his penis he's over
the story all right turn this off a
little Saturday morning I'm staring at
my dog I don't want to let him out of
his crib yet you're still tired go back
to sleep I'll feed you in an hour
don't you talk back to me yeah by your
blanket weirdo and yeah I'm just gonna
try and get some work done
well that buggers still in the cage is
eating us blanket he's really smart
that's all so there are our ducks in the
pool
but do you Carol
so vicious such a vicious dog attacking
at first sight you're more stupid and
confused than anything else I'm sure Nia
you're scared of the pool so that's good
yeah okay good job but so vicious
such a vicious dog such a vicious little
doggie so vicious see the PP is vicious
yeah right you want super peepee in the
crack Georgie from OPP in the book
you
