you're working we don't know we have no
idea if it's working or not let's see
should be working I'll tweet it and see
what happens alright welcome to Saturday
at Ridge anything witty huh
I got them I got it a little skin from a
nut
I had a nut bar anyway um what was
Saturday Rachel's we haven't done with
these a couple weeks I'm so sorry I
haven't had time or energy to do one I
know it's super late in the day it's
night time for most people
I'm sure it'll help the world to sleep
right oh but this is the only time we
had time today I'm sorry about that
but let's uh over Twitter and search all
I was saying look well I was half asleep
but hi Becky sorry I'm sorry to wake you
can go back to sleep you don't have to
stay up and watch me Connor and my face
is sunburned well put some aloe on it
Rachel it's 1046 p.m. listen I am aware
that it is late do you want me to just
turn this off so does not do it this is
the only time it's 7:45 for me so it's
there is still daylight out I'm just
doing this one I can I don't have a
bundle of free time anymore let me be
I'm trying here
Queens chicken says I'm here I quit I
need sleep though okay I me go to sleep
everyone's just saying I'm asleep listen
I'm sorry I could just end this so we
don't have to do it I'm sorry what does
it mean to be so mean to you guys I was
trying to be nice I literally just
started my homework
it is Saturday you all know how I feel
about that Ava
I said 10:47 a.m. Oh Aaden Gomez where
are you
this is not I am anywhere I know of
actually it might be what was daytime in
Australia see I did this for the
Australian viewers so that's what this
whole thing was was today out with
Australia people what's up guys it's the
weekend it's the freakin weekend just
was Memorial Day weekend America I'm
sure you didn't I didn't even know it's
a moral Day weekend in America is this
tuned
I'm in Colin's office
so there's ukuleles literally everywhere
just everywhere there are ukuleles just
everyplace they're everywhere
that's all all right let's put anything
to talk about I'm gonna be on here about
a half hour so for those of you think
it's going to be nice longer I'm sorry I
don't have that much time I have to go
make dinner and then eat it
um the end of the school year as people
kick ok soon as school year I'm pretty
sure I saw some guy all dressed up to go
to prom because I was driving by I was
like why is that teenage boy driving
that super nice car and now it wasn't in
the nicest neighborhood so it doesn't
really add up and I saw he's wearing a
suit with a bowtie I was like he going
to prom
it's Saturday prom so that's when prom
starting to happen which means avoid all
restaurants even Cheesecake Factory and
CPG services groups of teenagers they're
getting ready for prom
I was glazed he's good he's taking a nap
oh please I used he was he is super
hyper and I'm I just say it all equally
well this sleeping position that's nice
um he's super hyper so I take him on
about three to four walks a day um he's
really bad at walk
he doesn't quite get it yet Poulos every
dog I've ever had you put a leash on
them and then they just bolt out the
door and the only training you have to
teach them is how to heal like not run
him on the other hand doesn't understand
you put a leash on him and he just sits
like okay let's go he just keeps sitting
you gotta have to pull him then he
starts to try and then he'll see a
person and he sits he does I don't know
if the people had him that people that
had him before me for those nine weeks
taught him that a leash meant sit I
don't quite know but I happened like
trained untrained him and then trained
him how to walk so a lot of my day is
going on walks with him meaning I just
kind of pull him and try and motivate
him to keep his little legs go we'll be
doing another truth or dare video again
um I might I had a lot of fun doing it I
think it's fun because with the truth
you still get question answers but then
you get a little dare mixed ed it's fun
um I enjoyed it I don't think I'll do
every Rachel's room like that just like
depending on my life because the dares
take extra time what was me uh but I had
a lot of fun doing it and there were
ones that I wanted to do but I didn't
have the things for it that doesn't
really make sense but I saved it on my
phone and so hopefully I can do them
again not again I can do them and the
next time I do a video I don't finish
school until July well that sucks
hm
is that a poop pill behind you probably
yeah it is it's Colleen's
nice and poopy a sequence poop which
just describes her some fell I have no
idea what it was hopeful it and break
anything what what family members are
going to your show my mom and my dad
that's it that's I don't want I know you
guys at this point you want everyone
there but having everyone there will
make me nervous
so I limited it to my parents I'm sorry
try to play the ukulele I did for like
half a second I played it watch oh yeah
no whoa not seen well what is breaking
everything I shouldn't touch fragile
things well I'm tired what words
I just got Twitter to talk to you
well Sarah McKenna welcome to Twitter
it's a fun place dude can you believe
your book comes out in like two point
five weeks I can't but what I can't also
believe even more is that my live show
is even sooner than that I was like
putting off doing my live show for a
long time and then I finally was like oh
I have like a week to do to figure it
out so I've been trying really hard to
figure out my live show my book coming
out is super exciting and I don't have
to stress about that except my
publishers don't know how a
meet-and-greet works I did kind of
explain it to them so that's the other
stressful part about that with the book
tour is going to be a lot of fun I'm
basically I wake up fly of a city land
go to the signing go back to my hotel
and sleep
wake up at 5:00 a.m. fly to a new city
go to a hotel go to the book signing go
back to the hotel fall asleep wake up a
5:00 a.m. it's like I'm going to get no
sleep but it's going to be a lot of fun
I'm excited for it did it did
it is are you going to clean to Anaheim
show yes I am I'll be at VidCon okay
guys something you know a VidCon when
let me in for a long time then they
finally let me in and apparently have a
meet-and-greet that I do not know about
really and then so I downloaded the app
because they are not telling me anything
so I had to download the app to see my
schedule because that now I'm a featured
creator human being scheduled but it
still doesn't tell me and I do I go to
your guys's uh tweet saying like I get
to meet you and I had to find your
tickets to see what day and what time
I'm supposed to doing that mean Greek
because they won't tell me anything I
don't know why they hate me so much oh
look I'm in it ah I finally have it
that's me there's a schedule oh I am
also doing the Miranda sings Q&A
good to know I did not know it that's
Friday okay so I'll be there Thursday
and Friday at the schedule thanks
YouTube arena what's this I don't know
what any of this is but I am doing its
Branson's Q&A apparently and I haven't
meet up on Thursday I think I have no
idea
oh goodness I wonder where I'm staying
I don't I'm probably just gonna have to
drive home because I don't think that
they would give me a hotel room anyway
what why is the same reason with
participants it was just me and Miranda
sings doing is good to know anyway my
life but I am going to Anaheim show and
that's the last confirm show of doing
with her row do what shows she have
afterwards I know she has the Europe
shows but I don't know if I'm going to
those the shame the other one off shows
DVD I like BAE
chickens and I cannot lie well over this
ganzen nine someone literally said that
first part of that well your mom and dad
be on tour - no just me literally just
me flying alone to all the cities for a
week by myself
publishers wouldn't give me a partner in
crime and it's lets flights are a lot of
freaking money so I couldn't afford to
bring someone so it's just little me
being all lonely I have friends in a few
cities that I'll be able to meet up with
but just mainly just meet Rachel could
you read another page from your book
please
oh let's see if I can find a good one
did Oh just reading a book this is my
book let's find a good page everything
else that's that's a page so you guys
you're getting quality content when you
buy this book
it's a read it's an it's a lot of big
words you know tiny or lots of them on
the page you active able to sit down and
read it all in one sitting
it's just it's intense we're on the same
time zone so I'm wide awake how long
have you and Matt been together well
Ally wool Mac I wanna move in together
since April 2012
you did enough I don't wanna I in school
June 7th and start driver's ed the day
before I did driver's ed in high school
so like I did it as a class so I was
like I ain't gonna do an extra class
outside of school to learn how to drive
I'm going to take the class in school
because it was an elective
my friend said what about all the other
electives you could take like what art I
don't take art so I took driver's
training no driver's ed and then I had
to do driver's training which was
annoying so I do that outside school and
my guy had Bo can you explain the
American school year because I'm in
Australia um yeah basically it's school
starts when does school start August
August right school starts in August
yeah it's the fall and then it goes
until like June July and then it's
summer from June July ish to the August
dish so that's it that's that's that's
the school system we get little breaks
for Christmas and spring break which is
in like March April
some people get a winter break and like
I don't even know when butts I
remembered my cousin's always getting
winter break after Christmas break I was
so confused by it we also get a few days
off for Thanksgiving at the end of
November so yeah that's about it the
school system is pretty bad so I don't
really know how to explain that one your
eyebrows look amazing well thank you
I had to put makeup on today because I
saw some houses and shot a video and I
have to do the same thing tomorrow I go
like three days with no makeup I don't
wear makeup like two days in a row get
everything I need done I don't remember
you saying this in a vlog but did you
buy the whole thing of cantaloupe oh
yeah Matt and I bought a cantaloupe
because he was a kid looks good like no
it's not
we got this huge fight Milla grocery
store it wasn't a real fight it was like
that sentence those two sentences and
he's like we're getting a cantaloupe to
show you that cantaloupe was good so we
picked out a cantaloupe he cut it open
he took a bite and went this is gross so
see I told you so I took a bite I was
like yep still gross and here's like
know it's like wouldn't it are good I'm
like I don't like those odds
those are terrible odds to have 1 in 10
are good
I'm not going to waste my money on one
in ten is good get out of here and it's
not good it's like decent so I won that
fight what's the hashtag Saturdays and
Rachel's I should click that hashtag
let's see what's going down I'm taking a
summer class so I don't get a break you
you know what that's smart
taking one summer class and usually when
you do summer classes it's not for the
whole summer it's like a month month and
a half of the three-month break you get
I did summer classes in between my
junior and senior year
and then I did summer classes all
throughout college and I graduated early
because of it I also didn't have to take
as many hard classes in college because
of the summer classes I took in high
school and the AP classes I took in high
school so I just took electives in
college which are stupid because I was
wasting my money and spending thousands
of dollars on stupid classes like walk
jog where I literally just went around a
track I walked around a track a couple
times three times a week two times a
week but they're like you have to take
this many units but I fulfilled all the
my majors requirements I had I hated
high school just you don't know what I'm
saying
but taking summer courses is actually
very beneficial for your college life
that is all continue on your day will
blaze stay with Matt while you're on
tour ah that Alice said that um I'll ask
that should say it well she did say it
but she also asked it
oh but yeah that's the plan either I
would say maybe Matt coming on a few
trips he he wouldn't go to the meeting
creats I don't think
but you've exploded cities already
so blaze Michael with my mom but
probably will just stay with Matt cuz we
don't want to throw his system off he's
got a system while we're trying to make
him realize he has a system I don't
think he's realized he has a system yet
blaze not Matt well matt has a system to
MLM system I work really well with the
schedule we're going on this
I broke like I work really well with a
schedule I
'maybe life was getting chaotic and I
was stressing and I realized because I
didn't have a schedule or a plan and so
now my life is on schedule I wake up at
7 I take the dog out to pee I put him
back in his bed ever from 7 to 9 I work
I do editing I work on my live show I
answer emails and then at 9 I feed the
dog and then put them back to bed for
their hour and a half and then I work
from who's texting me Jessica that's
allowed software update later all right
sorry anyway what are we doing my school
starts the beginning of September and
ends the beginning of June I live in New
York well that's cool you had a longer
summer that's nice someone going to stay
awesome possum tattoo what Kurt Annie is
that real is that for me is there not
for me it's I mean it's your tattoo but
like because of what is that for real
that's amazing I want to show the how do
I show on a favorite everyone go look at
my like I liked it but Unni I like out
your Brittany Brittany is it Brittany or
Brittany because I want it to be
Brittany that is amazing
Wow you're the first person I think
that's ever gotten a tattoo that is
something that I say or do or damn I'm
actually very blown away wow that's okay
I'm crying I don't have words that wow
that's intense
1d and me about it I followed you D and
me about it I want to know about it now
like knowing about people's tattoos I
personally won't ever get one
I don't think I will I'm gonna mess it
up but um I don't have any but I like
learning about people's tattoos like if
they have like a true reason why they
got it I'm like so intrigued but when
the people are like I don't know I was
drunk I'm like okay Wow good life choice
plans for the summer buy a house that's
my go on book tour have a show the all
those are basically happening in June so
my June is packed my July this don't
have anything really men are trying to
figure out a summer sport to do because
snowboarding is our winter sport so we
need a summer sport now but I think just
owning a dog as our summer sport
American cantaloupe is actually
muskmelon I have no dude I don't know
what that is and we're okay la Tour
tickets Olivia thanks for bringing this
up I don't know what's going on with the
El a book tour tickets I'm gonna email
my publishers again about it but they're
like New York is the only one without a
link we'll give you the LA link later
here's all the rest and they haven't
given it to me so I think I need to bug
them again about it because I don't know
what's going on I'll let you know as
soon as I know but it should have a link
I just figured out you have any upcoming
trips
besides my book tour no um yeah my life
is pretty much here until June no yeah
June 14th when I fly out Georgia I get
out this Thursday Oh summer is upon us
oh wait I lost my charger it's darkness
room is it dark in the storm I feel like
a dark in this room
now you're real close to my face hang on
my computer is so loud can you guys hear
my computer fan because we're this close
right now I feel like I'm just skyping
someone I am
hair gray right here what's happening oh
I dislocated my teeth they got pushed
back to my throat and now they're fine
but my lips look like Kylie Jenner you
dislocated your teeth no got flu and
nightmares that I have Chronicle oh well
do you think purple and green grapes
taste the same the answer is yes no I do
not I think the green ones are more sour
than the purple ones sorry
usually I agree with people pointing
things out but I don't agree with that
one I'm going to your Cincinnati date
after a 12-hour work shift because I
love you oh Emily we can complain about
being tired together okay and we'll hug
and it'll all be okay you could maybe
bring us some coffee you could your
train the coffee I drink the coffee you
could bring the coffee let's have that
it's coffee date then your opinion what
is worse having to edit videos or the
awkwardness of vlogging in public
I don't mind editing videos sometimes I
don't like I feel rushed to do it um but
I didn't really enjoy editing videos
I don't like vlogging in public when I'm
by myself so I think vlogging in public
is worse for me if I have a friend with
me I don't care I'll vlog in public all
day long but when I'm by myself it's
pretty awkward I don't really like it
people look at me sometimes I don't want
to look at sometimes I want to be
invisible where do you want to tour
after Irvine I just need to see I can do
a show I might get up on stage and be
like well this is not nice thing um cuz
I don't know yet I've only been on stage
for like short periods of time with
Colleen and her just telling me what to
do I've never been it done all by myself
so I'm balloon I don't know
I've also
well I've been on stage for theater but
that's different I play a character I'm
being me on stage for an hour 15 minutes
that's intense beating myself ha what a
drag
Who am from talking about blaze to
talking about schedules to talking about
whatever I'm talking about now do you
think that this wouldn't be a TD
scattered brain mess right now to this
bottle water right here I chug that take
that dares does soda taste the same in a
bottle and in a can or do they taste
different grace they fully taste
different it tastes different in a big
bottle it tastes different in a medium
bottle it takes sip right in one of
those tiny miniature bottles it tastes
different in the can and it tastes
different at every single restaurant you
go to bars if you get a soda from the
bar no carbonation it is thick syrup you
go to a restaurant it's you don't know
what you're gonna get you go to a
fast-food place you're gonna get a lot
of bubbles in that there's a lot of
carbonation floating around in that and
less syrup it tastes different
everywhere and I holy bleep oh and glass
bottles they taste different wait the
outside cools it okay have you guys you
know there's a normal like bottle like
classic bottle like I'm a coke bottle
and there's like the miniature versions
I don't know if they're everywhere but
in California they have the miniature
one those don't get cold I think the
plastic is so thick or something and
then the water to class degree show is
off and it just it doesn't get cold it
doesn't get cold my sister and I hate
them so that's just a fact of life so I
fully decide because I wasn't agreeing
with you didn't make a preference I'm
telling you there is a difference in
taste between all of the forms of
drinking a soda the end
do you like Texas every time I've been
there I've had fun so me except one time
Killeen I got stranded at this place
because we couldn't get a taxi and like
then we called a car service and they
couldn't find us and that was a bad day
but other than that day Texas
no bad experiences in Texas airplane
sodas are the best I don't know if I'm
gonna agree with you I don't know if I'm
gonna agree with you I don't think that
they are I love that they're free the
soda is free but I don't think they're
the best I truly don't maybe red coffee
crisps the Canadian candy yes I am I
think thank Kohli and Christopher gave
me one once oh I got hit in the neck
with a bat and now it feels like I have
something in my throat
ah yeah internal bleeding did you get
that check out stop that look at Colin's
profile photo I'm screaming what are you
guys talking about bullying Ballinger a
trick normal profile photo what are you
saying
Oh child awkward that's pretty funny I
like that I never remember or even just
have the desire to change any of my
photos anywhere I just don't care when
people do it I'm like oh you put effort
and time into that are we supposed to
I'm sure I'm supposed to I just don't I
love potatoes potato you love love same
soda excuse me miss it's called pop it's
called both Avery I'm allowed to say
what I want to say and you can say what
you want to say long as it's not hate it
but it's soda is pop it's soda pop it's
coke I often called soda Coke just
assume that all of the soda is coca-cola
that's that's me that's me what's Blais
favorite toy anything he's not allowed
to put in his mouth this is favorite toy
actually I just got him a new toy where
you put treats on the inside of it but I
just put dry dog food because he doesn't
need that many treats inside of it and
he rolls it and he picks it up a sir
with little kibble bits will fall out
and then he eats em and then he rolls it
around more he's very into that so also
edible like the cold
niala bones nylon bones and they're
these they're these bones I was getting
him the rubber ones and then he started
eating the rubber and puking it up so I
got him the edible versions and he loves
those things they're supposed to last a
few days and he eats them in like 20
minutes so we had to take him away
halfway through so doesn't vomit course
your coffee order I will bring you some
though it might get cold /warp Emily did
not need to bring me any but just for
the record I do like iced vanilla lattes
that's all okay continuing on but I'll
take anything I don't think anyone's
ever handed me a coffee maybe like how
dare you that's disgusting
literally will drink anything are you
spending June 18th in Chicago you don't
have a show that day no I'm not I asked
to and they said they needed to fly me
to Cincinnati that day so I'm that's my
fly day I think they want me to have an
I don't know
I'm flying on June 18th they were like
we gave you that day off because it's
Father's Day
you're also flying Cincinnati and holds
like great my dad's in California also
not a day off because I'll be in the air
whatever um so sorry I will not be in
Chicago that day
alright guys I think I need to go
because blaze is waking up from his nap
soon and Matt is starting dinner so one
of us has to be the dog and I rather be
with the dogs come back and continue
making food because I'm hungry I was
going to participate in the food making
but I dad at it thanks for hanging out
sorry I haven't been doing a lot of
Saturdays at Rachel's hub I'm trying to
get my vlog channel up again I let it
die for about two weeks
oopsie-doopsie but I'm trying again I'm
going for it we're doing this I got my
schedule now I have a schedule and I'm
working and I'm figuring it out and I'm
going on walks every day so my dad pees
whenever he meets a new person and it is
so every stranger we meet who wants to
pet also when wanted to tweet this with
people are complaining that I've been
talking about my dog too much on social
media get over it I've had him for two
weeks I'm still obsessed with him and
he's adorable
and I'm waiting my whole life to have a
dog so don't take away my excitement and
love for him anyway
ah ah our walks Blaze's favorite thing
in the entire world is meeting a new
person he wants to meet everyone he sees
well in the walk immediately wants to
play with them and he looks genuinely
offended when they just walk past him
and don't even look at him he sits down
and just kind of like whimpers and kind
of tries to nudge forward I've been
being like hello I exist and then he
looks at me like I did something like I
told them they weren't allowed to touch
him and he looks at me and he won't move
for like a good two minutes and just
looks so sad people dogs want to be pet
my dog wants to be pet um anyway so he
is but when someone does meet him he
starts peeing everywhere out of
excitement I that's my dog
anyway I've been wanting to do eat about
those but I didn't want people to get
annoyed to see anyway I love you guys
I'll see you later I do have a vlog to
post tomorrow I will edit it between
7:00 and 9:00 a.m.
those are Mike that's my time to edit so
that's why I owe my guys I'll see you
later okay
