this little guy good no whining good
more whining no we're staying outside
because it's sunny or sunny so we're
staying outside do insensitive pictures
for mommy
yeah we take some pictures for mommy
look how cute you are
because cute you are oh I know yes you
have a belly you have a belly I know
it's cute I'll rub it whenever you show
it to me yeah I really do anything today
I still have some stuff my old apartment
at Matt's currently grabbing I need to
go over there later
but today the thing I'm going to be work
productive hey you want to make
musically with me later papa maybe we'll
see I'm gonna take some pictures of him
for taking pictures on because he's like
a little stud muffin he is perfect when
the Sun is out this is him laying in the
Sun she went on a stick being mr.
perfect and cute but when it gets dark
he get so hyper and not vicious that's
not rowdy he gets rowdy like he's just a
really to attack anything out of play so
during the day time is the best time to
take pictures of him because he's like
so Chili's like yo I'm a dog I don't
tell you guys he has garcinia gardenia
sound like that it's not eggs it's not
worms it's like some weird intestinal
disease so he can't be around other
animals for two months so and he also
had a negative reaction to the medicine
so now he's on antibiotics and
prescription food the cancel out the
side effects the medicine he's on it's a
whole thing
dick come buddy that's what happens when
you're born in shelters
yeah shelters aren't the best that's why
we gotta rescue all the puppies inside
the shelters okay yeah it's that he has
the worst poop he groups on once in a
day that's kind of like a is that a poop
or did you just like poop a hairball
what is that and then and at night in
the middle of the night he poops out
like a pound of I don't is not poop like
half of its poop it happens it's like
some girls bile but the vet said that's
the side of frenchmen edification he'll
be fine
it's gross all right I'm gonna take
pictures of you because you're adorable
ready oh you broke the stick in half
good job buddy every weekend
all right my dog is sick and they don't
know what's wrong long story short he
was born in a shelter
his organization rescued him then the
organization had them tested by that and
I see the vet treated them for coccidia
they're like their dogs have coccidia
they treat him for a coccidia and they
cleared they're like okay he's done with
that I got him
he'll deny that about his history his
bad ministry so they tested form again
they're like no he doesn't have coccidia
he is Garcinia guard east guard guarding
something with the G I'll put the name
here he's currently on medication for
that but that medication made him
diarrhea like crazy and they're like oh
that's not supposed to happen here also
give him this antibiotic and this
prescription wet food and I was like
okay so he's been on that for four or
five days and his poop just keeps
getting worse to the point where he's
trying so hard to poop but the only
thing that comes out is white dial and
so he'll poop like everything in his
system and then just keep trying to poop
anybody's it's like whimpering when it
happened and he's lost like a pound he's
a puppy he's a pitbull puppy with a lot
of muscle he's must be gaining weight
like crazy right now and he lost a pound
I was like well maybe it'll get better
and then after four days three four days
of this I was like nope so I called the
vet and they're like I'll bring him in
bring him in right now so I'd written
there they don't know what it is so we
have no idea they're running x-rays and
blood tests and they said that hopefully
by the end of the day they'll know
what's going on but that little guy he's
so lethargic and I just feel so bad for
him like his butt hurts he's like
rubbing on the grass and the concrete of
intelligence but hurts from trying to
poop so much I mean we know that we've
tried to poop too much in our lives and
it hurt that's all I'm gonna I don't
even know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
I I guess this is a day every day to go
you know get stuff done that I'm
supposed to
they asked about to say blessing in
disguise but I don't want my blessing to
be his little pain so I'm not going to
say that anyway it's good stuff
so they're keeping Blaise overnight
you're making him fast and he's hooked
up to an IV apparently and what I think
has happened is he ate too much dirt
which interfered with the medicine they
gave him but they're like yeah dogs tend
eat dirt like my dog doesn't eat dirt
and likes well he isn't like dig at the
dirt I was like no heat sticks and
leaves and grass like maybe that's it
then like he doesn't eat dirt like they
thought he just went up and started
eating dirt although he doesn't eat dirt
so they're like okay well then we're
going to keep them overnight and make
sure that that's what it is then so I
don't think they know what's going on
and they're like we'll take them to the
park in the morning like what they can
just take him to a park but I don't need
to take him to a park they told me I'm
not taking apart but they're gonna go
ahead and take them to a park Road and
angry about it but I'm going to see a
house right now that I probably won't
like this is my life everything freakin
today because we don't have the dog the
cleaning and packing somebody contained
to do that that's nice
haven't been a good day now there have
been a good week except the fact I have
a puppy but then also my puppies really
sick so that's adding extra stuff to it
I'm just want everyone to be happy and
healthy that's all I ask for
happy and healthy and that's just not
happening so the house is the bust
that's normal for me anyways it on the
dog were packing up to the apartment
right now and things but when I was at
that house guys okay so so the realtor
that was showing the house was late
getting there but my realtor and I were
on time and then the family was that
were selling the house still living in
the house and they were having dinner so
we're like we don't want to like go in
and bug them but they're like you can
take a look around the yarn through the
huge lot which is really where we're
defined anywhere in LA area so much land
and we're walking just like in the
backyard and there's like a sec it was
like it wasn't a garage but it was like
it wasn't a guest houses because we were
just like storage thing I don't know it
was just really where to explain what it
was but we walked in and it was just
like there was stuff and I go storage
and it was open and then my realtor was
like a success I looked out there was
three little tiny puppies
ran out from behind Celtic and we had
noticed there were two chihuahuas on the
property and then the two the mama
Chihuahua ran in and like we started
playing with them and they started
playing with us
and I almost offered to buy the house if
they let me keep the book that was a
plus of the whole thing so we're just
packing up this is I'm such professional
Packer it's 9:00 and we play and get to
bed by midnight and get a solid night's
sleep I haven't had a solid night's
sleep in a week over a week thanks to
little blaze puppies motherhood you
never sleep when you have a new child
that's just how it is
every real mother rolled their eyes like
you don't know what it's like to be not
that calm down I realized that human
babies take way more effort than animal
babies which is why I don't have a human
baby power too young ah talking about
life right now
there are so many moving pieces
happening my life right now I just kind
of called blazes okay Keeks not allowed
to eat the earth you can't eat leaves
sticks or dirt grass anything like that
he's on a strict diet not allowed to
basically be outside unsupervised which
is really annoying
just because because I have to watch
them inside not fully potty-trained and
so we used to just like you know put
them outside and still keep an eye on
them but like you know go inside do
stuff like even just be on my computer
outside but I have to watch him like a
hawk while he's outside those we doesn't
ingest anything that's not his food I
love him
but this is annoying but also I thought
I had until Tuesday to move everything
out like I had Tuesday as well him about
and then I found out today I have until
Monday morning to move everything out of
my apartment so it's currently Saturday
and so I have today and tomorrow to move
everything out and clean and plug any
holes that are in the walls and so that
was through a sort of loop and then
we're like well we have a dog now that
we have to watch 24/7 so how in the
world are we supposed to move and also
be watching the dog so I think I'm going
to have my parents come down tomorrow
and my mom will watch blaze well my dad
and I and Matt move everything it's a
lot of moving pieces and a lot is
happening the sauce a lot of stuff
happening but that's you know that's all
on the back burner right now right now
this is the main thing that I'm like I'm
on
crunch but also I have a sick dog but
he's fine I was worried that something
would be wrong he's fine he just needs
more care than a normal puppy we'll get
through this you're having times when
you're like right now sucks like I've
got about four or five huge things on my
plate right now that I know in three
months we'll all be fine everything will
be totally okay in about three months
but it's not three months it's right now
we're like can we just fast forward is
there any way we can just fast forward
to three months from now because I'm not
the kind of person I'm like it's not
we're going to get fixed it's always
going to be the worst no I know I always
know in a month or two months or three
months it's all gonna be fine
just right now it sucks I just wish I
could break in fast-forward cuz I'm like
I don't need to learn the life life
lesson I know the life lesson I've
already figured it out I don't need to
go through it it's going to be just move
past it cuz I do go to sleep and wake up
and it's three months from now and
everything's all figured out cuz I know
it'll be figured out I know everything
will be fine I know my puppy will be
fine I know my living situation will be
fine
I know my other things in life will be
fine I just need them to be fine now I
don't want to have to wait you know this
is just me complaining so hospice mom
what's not oh it's Parker's birthday
party today and I don't even know if I
can go I doubt I can actually go to it
which sucks because Colleen is coming to
town she's in town for one night and she
spend the night at Parkers and I don't
think I can go I can't spend the night
that's for sure but I don't even know if
I have time to actually go and be like
hey family because I thought I was like
oh today will be my break day I thought
I had day tomorrow Monday and a little
Tuesday but turns out only out today
tomorrow everything I put in fast
forward motion and I don't like it so we
just best phone to three months in now
not suitably razor Baljit yes
look who's back from the vet but is
acting like I tried to murder him a
family you fall in love them okay well
that works too I mean it's your cage
honey honey honey honey honey honey okay
it's okay bubs
you're okay this is the floor this is
the floor honey you're okay you're okay
yo gap you okay you're okay there you go
you will get back on your pillow here's
your pillow your cuz you a lot guys
come on you bring your boom bring your
phone
bring your bar outside come on and he's
also limping it's like someone punched
him or something no come on this is
yours don't drop your bone you want to
cuddle on your chair that is always nice
clear do you want to cuddle on your
chair bounce come here you a college
don't ignore me what I did was that the
goodness for you
just trying to help you don't ignore me
I sit with you not okay you're gonna
hate me realize to your life oh oh now
are you gonna bite me because you're all
subsets with me know me you could be
play with me after torturing me and I
get you anyway I've literally never
heard him yelled out of pain before and
I picked him up at the vet he started
yelping I was like Oh what in the world
not like us when he ate his harness
right I was like no he's never yelled
before I'm like oh we thought that was
normal like no not at all what did you
do to my dog it's okay buddy
I'm gonna be okay and he won't even try
and play sit on the chair with me he's
so mad you're so mad at me don't be mad
at me anymore I did it to help you not
to hurt you did you have a nice nap does
it make you feel any better it makes you
feel any better
all right we're almost up cleaning
everything out
geez Louise this is my office guys and
bliss I still have my chair sing down
but we're just getting the last two
things we have to go back to the dog
it's 15 we're almost done
we're almost done we don't have to clean
and we don't patch anything which is
nice all right it's done it's empty
matte finish cleaning it all well done
oh god oh god oh god all of it all of
this gun all of its gone yep all of it
all of its gone office you've served me
well a grand time being with you has
come to an end I must go to the cleans
and then by myself ass to loo
mothertrucker
oh hi Bob no no
now
by
and Mary Sibley
oh wow
you done yet did you tear yourself out
now
so going so-so going
No
you
he should keep doing buddy to get us all
out did you get it all out okay well see
you when I pet you if you bite me or
just lick me oh you got it all now good
job buddy
are you calm enough for a bath you think
mommy can maybe draw you a bath and see
what happens because I couldn't do it
while you were that crazy honey we're
giving him a bath
it isn't ready ready tonight we don't
know how it's going to go no thanks hey
there yeah good job buddy
oh here's your occasional cold blossom
you ready get out thank you oh hey man
good morning it's Thursday morning I'm
editing but this guy was being a little
punk up here anyway hey no job just
every time man you being a little punk
so I got him a new toy so that you would
definitely just falling on nothing
where's your new toy where's your new
toy where's your new joint definitely
gesture yet that's your new toy and then
it changed them for about five minutes
until he gets bored of it you're just
your new toy yeah I got him this
yesterday they like yeah this is
indestructible you can't get this he
ain't the fun and threw it up this
morning so he can't have that toy
anymore we're running out of toys you
can have because you eat everything and
then you either diarrhea or vomited out
later his dog this dog yeah he had some
running poop this morning again he had
been solid for a couple days but he just
tries to eat everything literally
everything put up a fence to stop him
from eating that stuff and when he gets
super rowdy jumps over it and he has a
scratch on his belly because he jumped
over it but he's not very good at
jumping that he scratched himself
you are distracted with a monster and
you squeak your little toy I'm editing
my main channel video right now continue
squeaking sir that's my life at the
moment good morning happy Thursday
and
oh you got out
