morning the day after Duncan was born
which is Saturday
where'd he go there's my bell B are you
playing with your ball then you play
with your ball yeah you play with your
ball to Daddy not take the tags off Dan
your taste oh you want to run Georgia Bo
go here yeah
each ball go boy no no no that you care
but I'm gonna give you his update he
does pretty well great at night
he goes in there to sleep like on his
own we just lock it but last night he
woke me up at 5:00 a.m. and I let him
out and brought him outside he posted
peeps and then when he went back in and
about 10 minutes he fell back asleep and
then I came down I ate and I fed him and
we let piddle again and then we cuddled
him fell asleep on the floor until night
I that's gonna be our new schedule but
if you could not wake me up at 5 a.m.
that'd be great but cuz I don't really
wanna wake up at 5 a.m. thank you thank
you thank yo doesn't take that tag off
cuz you know you're eating it buddy come
on
you will play all your tradition oh yeah
you're so tough you're so Jeff yeah give
me my world
give me my walk yeah yeah yeah yeah Wow
wondrous okano you took it a melon
lovers oh yeah that's good
get that son hit your belly under shine
I'm gonna take my coffee don't freak out
when I leave
Nolan the Saha I drink you Miletus and
when I drink okay sit okay I just lied
to her you would straight for it I think
he might be the most clingy puppy on
earth if you lose a sight of both me and
Matthew he freaks out and runs to find
us you're leaving that alone yeah also
happens when you grow up what just
ablaze around I don't like being alone
either
I grew up to 16 don't worry about a year
I'll probably get you a brother or
sister mommy I also have to edit so we
should get you tired out yeah so don't
you take a nap where you don't want to
just weird Walker doing no you already
ate no I get water until noon and then
at noon you can have lunch you want to
be fat so bad
helpful so scary right for right now
what do you have to need to keep running
everywhere with that bone hmm our head
was up to Napa I get it come here come
here good boy
good morning it's Sunday morning is
Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
I hope for America don't UK people don't
forget who did not miss it as always
knowing that we have different mothers
days but I'm gonna go visit my mom after
I check out a house at noon but right
now it is 11:00 I'm a girl bagels for me
and Matthew he's at home once in blaze
he's left okay last night you woke up at
5:00 with petal and then whined every
time I tried to go back up the stairs so
I slept on the couch from 5:00 to 8:00
guys could make me sleep deprived I will
figure it out how many weeks was it
isn't that they don't understand things
how many weeks are they uh papi I love
him mama he's asleep all right the house
was a bus I hadn't seen house in a while
and that one I just didn't deliver me
it's so weird like it was a beautiful
house the floors are beautiful they had
redone it really well but the kitchen
was in the front of the house and it was
beautiful kitchen but the backyard where
we would barbecue is that you have to
walk all the way down the hallway and
then go through the master bedroom to
get
the backyard and masturbation carpeted
and the barbecuing Matt and I do like
everyday we barbecue it just doesn't
make sense we'd have to walk through all
the way down through the house over
carpet to get it in and out and it's
just like and if people wanted to come
visit and we wanna have a barbecue or
something like taking the dog out it
just wouldn't work
it's he and also this house is one story
I want to watch the story housing on
sister house on water story I don't need
a gigantic thing I want it cozy and
quaint but the neighbors was two-story
and they can see into the pool and the
spa just the backyard in general and
listen sometimes maybe I don't want tan
lines so I'm going to lay my private
pool maybe was not fully clothed and I
want them team up business that's my
business
so it wasn't it was a great house
aesthetic log also there wasn't any
grass in the backyard on the front yard
there wasn't a garage there was just a
single car carport and I in two cars was
a massive truck so any little space it
was beautiful but it's just not one it's
not what I'm looking for hopefully I
find something soon though because I
need my own space I want ways to get
comfortable in his own face for the rest
of his life very thankful to have Kalia
tell us for now but obviously we did our
space Oh got a text now I'm gonna go
home eat lunch and then I'm gonna go see
my mommy and I'm gonna see Duncan
Jessica I think of the hospital today
happy Mother's Day to her all right I
met Christopher's and Jessica's now and
they are just pulled up in the driveway
with Duncan so we could go Linc
so Duncan is home but all of us are
exhausted everyone all of this crew I'm
with my dad that crew is exhausted from
Duncan not that he's a troublemaker
that sounded wrong new babies you know
they take effort and then my parents
have been watching the other kids while
Chris mcgahren were in the hospital with
Duncan so everyone's exhausted and I'm
exhausted cuz my puppy so we came to
Starbucks because everyone needed some
fuel so I'm here and they didn't have a
muffin for my mom she wanted a poppy
seed or a bran muffin and they had me
there so my dad and I are gonna stop at
the grocery store
cuz it's Mother's Day darn it and all
she wanted was a muffin and she's gonna
get him up
Oh
Oh guess who just went poopoo outside
yeah yeah okay
now you get to play okay okay we will
play we won't play with 51 Hey yeah yeah
oh no maybe you're calm so you don't do
it you don't have to go back in there
you can come out here please wherever
you want lazy lazy
