all right it's 1:00 a.m. Christopher
just texted me are you awake I was like
of course I am baby Sam and he says that
Jessica might be going into labor and
the kids are all asleep and he doesn't
want to wake them up to drag in the
hospital to take care of them and
Jessica so I am driving Christopher's
right now to go watch we'll just be at
the house while the kids are sleeping
are like do anything I shouldn't be at
the house children alone in the house
but he thinks she's been in labor and
I'm literally the only member waiting so
I'm driving to his place
oh and it's dark okay I got a drive it's
midnight I I pay attention
oh yes but all right so uh it's not my
normal setup
I'm interested in Jessica's they just
went to the doctor
so last night I don't know why I ended
off I'm so tired I did sleep last night
Christopher and Jessica texted me about
1:00 a.m. asked me to come over because
Jessica fell she was and she was having
contractions and stuff so just in case
they needed to run to the hospital and
the kids are still sleeping they just
needed someone here so I slept on the
couch to have a bed and I was like nah
for some reason I really like sleep on
couches and then it 6 6 7 7 7 a.m. I
just hear a little Parker so excited
that his mom might be having Duncan
today just if you ever wondered what the
most adorable thing to wake up to is its
Parker being excited that he's going to
have a brother another brother
anyway you know this is this little tiny
tea plate it's not mine so the boys went
to a play Bailey what would Chris for
Jessica the doctor and Jessica seeing
it's like it's going to be like birth
glue in four minutes or it's going to be
like a whole day process she's going to
let me know because I am on my way to
San Diego to pick up my puppy and if I'm
like what 10 minutes out she's like the
doctor says I'm gonna have the baby in
the next hour then I'm going to say and
like turn around and just be with them
but if the doctors like yeah you're in
labor but it'd be a good like two days
labor then I'm gonna go get my puppy and
come back by my mom's coming at noon
right now it is nine I need to be
leaving right now where are my clothes
an absolute mess but anyway it's Chris
register at the hospital or the doctor's
office Bailey they're not even at the
hospital yet so I think I'm going to be
fine
timewise do this puppy and come back or
should be back by 3:00 3:30
and that's what's happening okay I'm
gonna go my honey both mine in green
this goal time yeah all right on my way
I'm driving the camper down so I don't
have to keep looking around it so
Jessica's doctor says she's not having
the baby today so it's up to me to get
the baby today baby coughing getting the
puppy it sucks at Jessica I chew on that
baby out I mean she's a girl loves being
pregnant but sometimes you just got to
get the baby out and she wants the baby
out I would do he's been in me for nine
months already so that means that
there's less pressure on me to hurry to
get the puppy I can't relax I was like
nervous about getting into dropping it
off with Matt who's never open puppy
before or a dog and that matter and just
like throwing it out and leaving
so now I can ease him into the puppy
experience yeah I'm about an hour 45
minutes old
our 42 minutes away through Escondido
which is right outside San Diego
Escobedo we don't have a puppy guys
there's there's five puppies there that
I like two of them two of them you know
it's like all five but there's two that
I really want they're also great silver
with the white chest the other ones have
white going up their face but I like I
like just the white chest
I don't know line I just do some of
people are those two whichever one gives
me the most kisses they're answering our
hydrogen hydrogen and fluorine they're
holding the atomic puppies and they're
all they were likely with like oxygen
chlorine hydrogen and then other
pixal elements a sonic sensations all
await so I have to figure out a new name
I don't want to be like wicked good I to
get color that's weird
so I'm just gonna take a look again the
whole thing is awful feeling she's got
to feel it guys
anyway Nouveau fee he was the biggest
one and he immediately just attached
himself to me I have so many licks on my
face I'm so happy
let's go home buddy okay let's go home
vaca caline's
he's freaking adorable I just can't get
over him look at him he won't go outside
unless you come outside person tell him
to come um were you scolded a lot trying
to get out in the past little nine weeks
he also slammed face-first into the
glass window so that's good you're smart
aren't you
you're all Einstein you don't know what
seem yet still haven't decided I think
we'll decide tonight when you're
sleeping and when I did good look at you
you keep this tick
good evening oh the first thing he did
though when he got outside is he
accidentally fell into the pool
there's a little tiny shallow part of
the pool that he just face-planted into
it's literally only this deep but he's
literally only mystic so I definitely
jumped in with both my feet and shoes on
I was mad for laughing at me I learned
to mom mode my baby was gonna drown I
want to save you I had to save you
didn't I yeah I had to save you what
should I name you see you're like maybe
Jax Jasper what do you like bread bread
Jax just first oh you did not like
Jasper we'll figure it out we're just
chilling I just told the Internet you
exist I did they liked it now were you
doing
you need to poop you've a pooped in a
while Goku come on you can do it you can
try to do we're trying to dig your way
out no digging doctors go did you find a
basketball good rest
so buddy yeah that's your favorite sport
okay you were going to do how to be heir
but you weren't really close be fast but
I'll let that one slide because I don't
have any other balls for you
bring you back no bring it yeah I
learned to do don't you don't eat the
show you fight it if my old man find a
stick what are you doing oh did you just
die who you dog you're so adorable I
guess I am yeah are you kidding me sorry
I woke you but look at you let's see
yourself so you don't even care you know
I
