guess who's getting a bunny tomorrow did
this go so basically I'm driving on to
San Diego tomorrow I have to be there
around noon and there's like these four
puppies or rescues that I get to meet
and then take one home and I'm freaking
out about it which means I'm basically
moving into clean place officially
tomorrow so I'm here now to puppy-proof
and make sure everything is you know
good there's nothing that but we
shouldn't get into or you know destroy
so that's what I'm doing right now I'm
freaking out I'm excited I'm nervous I
could go to Target have to go to Petco I
have to go to all the places and get all
the things for the dog it's going to be
a good day tomorrow guess where I am
I finished like kind of publishing the
house basically making sure there's
something the puppy you get to you know
things like that cleaning up and now I
have to get like a crate for it I'm not
going to create the dog but it's just a
good place for it to have like it could
be a sanctuary you know and also when we
drive in the car when you know because
Matt thinks that's what's going to
happen oh really the copy's kind of
free-range so basically I'm just gonna
come here I gotta get a dog bowling I
get some food yeah you probably pad and
I get some toys and I spoil my dog
before I even own it before I even know
which one I'm getting but I'm going to
be prepared that's like why don't you do
tomorrow when you have the puppy don't
makes you realized once I have the puppy
I'm never going to leave the puppy and I
think it needs one more round of shots
before I can like just take it out in
public and do whatever at once because
it's a nine week old puppy they're nine
weeks old right now
their mom got put down by the shelter
and they were about to put down the
puppies and then this place went and
rescued them so that's what's happening
right now we will definitely be needing
a cross oh I forgot I'm gonna need a
pooper scooper it's a puppy aisle
shopping perfect guys
they just things I'm stressing out
freaking out I need to find a tree
we're healthy puppy treats oh so much to
do so much the oh my back okay
robot oh okay I feel like I should let
the dog pick out its own toys right like
I don't know what the dogs my wife is it
goes it like bulk is you gonna like with
your toys that can like softer than like
hard is it going to want this outfit I
don't know I think I want it to like
balls like play fetch you know into this
as I'm no idea they're gonna be a
learning process where I learn together
I also haven't met the dog yet I don't
quite know how big it is I know I want
to get a harness teeny told me some
really good ones online to buy she's
called it's like getting a victoria
secret training bolts bra over a Sears
training bra so I think I might order
that one online tonight but nobody what
I found always becomes I don't know I
don't know I don't know they don't roll
masses to wait together to get him a
bunch of stuff it's a he by the way
there's like four he's one sheet but the
heels look a little cuter I thought I
was going to get a girl but I thought I
get a Rottweiler I've learned you can't
plan life you go you can make a plan but
don't expect to only stick to it you
know this opportunity has presented
itself I'm going with it I want to get a
black collar swimming in clean house I
said I can you speak pink or purple
that's favorite colors green there's so
many dog food which is the second aisle
of dog food I want to get it like
healthy stuff okay there's a dog yipping
and it sounds like it's in pain and I'm
very impressed no one's playing I can't
find where it is religion for IELTS with
dog food
I went with bison blue blue just as blue
large breed puppy I'm going to mix it
with the publicly they give me because
I'm feeding it's a manner they're going
to give me a bag of that I'm gonna start
mixing it I don't know but now I need to
find a crate
I'm not overwhelmed I'm just
someone place my dog house no one
playing with this dog that's it yelping
right now oh there's a crate that's a
crate yeah no it's not and I don't want
it to be like a punishment I want to be
like that it's home so like the matter
where we go to travel with it this is
its spot that it goes with all right
this one this is good
oh this has two doors that's what tinea
talking about I've been talking to Tina
a lot
she has like three animals that are her
babies as well as her two children
mm-hmm 41 to 70 pounds that that's what
a pit bull is it gets up to 660 right
now it's big trap I'm not stressed I'm
excited I'm excited look at this double
door yeah okay so it doesn't want a flat
bed does it want a bed with three walls
what I meant it's all the way around
what that doesn't was not this dog I
don't know what that is not now I'll
come back tomorrow I think I'll come
back tomorrow I'm just getting the crate
and the things I'm going to need like
right away
I hope it's Freight crepe it's in the
masa it should I'll stuff it right all
right now funny bone Oh mom so enough I
was texting me everyone don't you Norman
crane huh got an email anyway I have to
go to Target now because I am Matt and I
are gonna live at Colleen's now because
we have a puppy and clothes worm I need
to get more curtains for her bedroom I
tried out a certain okay I achieved my
calorie goal I know I tested on one of
her three windows a quick easy curtain
mechanism thing those are fancy so I can
take it down and she gets back and it
worked so now I have to go back Target
and get the stuff with other three
windows I don't want to buy it all one
just in case it didn't work out you know
being smart being logical yeah
I go target the rest of it cuz I'm not
gonna bonus because they have target
ripple I have a puppy we're going to
I'll leave the puppy be one of those
doctors
I'm going to be a parent basically what
it's going to come down to so excited
nervous I'm excited nervous
what did that service I'm ignorant a
Bowen service it's not even the day
tomorrow I have a two hour drive to San
Diego just doing this yeah the whole
time
I turn the music on maybe cool myself
down okay all right I just put a full
face of makeup on and film the Rachel's
room at 10:00 at night the first time I
put makeup on today 10:00 at night to
film video my last Rachel's room in this
room I'm packing it up there's no more
pillows or stuffed animals it's bad
stuff we're getting backed up but I had
to fill the Rachel's room tonight
it's Wednesday and usually I found
Rachel's rooms on Thursdays mornings
just because I don't eat just because
that's what I is a packing but I'm
leaving tomorrow at 10 a.m. to pick up
my puppy
so I set to Phil when I'm editing it
tonight
I think we're sitting like Coleen's
tonight there's dust on the inside of
this do you see a duck why is there dust
on the inside of my plaque I mean it
definitely does on the outside I want
the dust on the inside this is just my
plaque 1 million subscribers no big deal
I really didn't mean to be like showing
it off I just realized it after I showed
it I got a
ha ha ha there is another parameter you
ain't no clear when I said flange
