howdy-ho Ranger Joe you have a bunch of
work to catch up on and that I've been
putting off so I'm just going to do that
today and that's about it that's
literally a plan you know my life isn't
that exciting
so I'm not going to fake it I mean you
should say it till you make it
that's a good model in life maybe up
that I have nothing to say to you I just
wanted to say good morning open his life
it's lunch time we're at lunch now
that's what's happened I'm not wearing
anything go
oh we're switching seats oh my god okay
he can't afford me we had to switch
seats because Matt wanted us both to see
in the Sun and I was the only one who
does not over there we're eating it's
outside because we're nature people now
I'm very size five and grilled cheese
Matt gets mad at me can we go order a
grilled cheese he's like that cost like
five cents to make it home and you're
spending a good five dollars on it oh we
go out listen I want a grilled cheese do
you listen alright so going to the store
right now to claim my three tickets that
I want when I did that stupid video I
actually enjoyed that video so this will
determine if I actually want any money
back on those two hundred dollars worth
of scratchers so I have to get a few
other things to the grocery store so
let's do this someone's honking who's
honking in the parking garage rude
no ten are really one of those who hit
my nose I just land where they should be
uh-huh let's go by the way the comments
on those videos on that scratcher video
might be my favorite thing ever it's
just a bunch of you being like bad role
model that example how dare you this
isn't what you should be teaching kids
and then I it's like today the watch the
video for the entire video I'm saying
hey Joe gamble you'll lose all your
money this is terrible I shouldn't have
done this I've lost all my money this is
bad so I was kind of laughing I didn't
even get insulted or like I think maybe
one evening meow a genuine just laughing
reading the comical now so usually I get
my scratcher ticket from the times I
have done at gas stations with
where they have it on a roll and then
just cut it off and give it to you when
you win a new ticket but here at pal I
was like hey I won three tickets here
are the lottery ticket he'd give me cash
for him now
the addicted part of me wants to go and
Gamble more and buy the tickets and then
the sensible part of me like how about
you just pocket that $19 it was 19 I
thought it was 18 but I think I ride one
of those things down so it was 19 I won
19 dollars so I only lost one hundred
and eighty one dollars so I think I
should talk to the money I want to
gamble so bad it's so bad don't don't
gamble guys you either hate it and lose
on your money or you love it and those
all your money and then keep losing more
because you think oh maybe you win don't
do it I'm going to pocket the money and
call it quits that's the end of the
gambling and I'm going to continue
shopping all right I just did a lively
and these are the top contributors as I
always do so let's hit that background
music one time as a nucleus
Oh Oh the fun lively its undoing that
close that lack oh well what is it still
going but I would scares me oh I have to
like massage and then pull my makeup on
like a half hour after that I know I put
makeup on right after our wife massage I
feel like I'm like clogged in the pores
and stuff and then I think I need to
film some videos I asked you guys
earlier what you want to see and I
haven't looked through the responses yet
but I did see a few like just going on
Twitter and forgot that I asked that
question the noise canceling headphones
singing yeah I don't have a good voice
normally so it's just kind of sound bad
which is that what I think you guys want
so I probably will phone that and then
there's a field I think I saw that
seemed like a good idea so I'll look
through that but yeah now I'm just going
to do some more work but I'm definitely
no XS - that needs to happen today I'm
putting it off guys I just filmed the
noise cancelling headphones singing
video saying singing with noise
cancelling headphones on I don't know
what the title of it is but I should
though because I'm going to post it um I
gave it my all
I'm not gonna lie I gave it my 100% I'm
not ashamed I haven't watched it back
yet but I am not ashamed because I gave
it my all
we all know I wasn't going to sound good
it wasn't like shocking yeah I can't
sing with my fat momma right what's one
my second in fact dried milk on this
happening
I think it's dried milk how did that
even come about no I gotta clean you
start filming over here and you start
moving over here I applied for a puppy
today I've applied for two puppies so
far and I have but I haven't heard back
from either of them which is fantastic
and great it's what I love the most when
I have my heart stopped something I
don't get it I've heard a lot of people
say like I don't you're back to like a
month about a puppy ridiculous don't you
want me to save it don't even rescue it
you want me to do good in this world
give me the run it's later
I am palms we have passed
over clean I don't like that window
being open but I'm a few calories short
burned on my calorie goal for my Apple
watch so I set up two indoor walking
just walk around my apartment until I
reach my goal so just walking around
gotta get up now get my step count up
Rockets I'm walking man I'm achieving
things almost I'm not walking right now
I should we look at my feet Aruban see
councils a walk Berman in the calories
meeting exercise and calorie goal for
the date gotta keep moving
gotta keep moving don't stop moving keep
on the movement it's 11:30 at night and
I have to do this for others like 13
minutes
