I'm leaving today I'm leaving in a half
hour Heather and I are goin everywhere
together
and then I probably will come back at
the end of thank you welcome back at the
end of May but I had to go home
this week had things to do but I had fun
at the show yesterday you can see that
blog a lot of fun I haven't been
blogging a lot loads up here because Ron
said you can't vlog and then I forgot my
camera says when I went to the theater
and then I was running the show it's
hard to slow when you're doing I don't
know how she has any footage on her
YouTube channel
hello I'm at the airport my flight is
always easy so that's great
no stop at 1:53 I will now take out the
to party and of the airport I love
travelling nothing ever goes wrong or is
inconvenient people are smart and kind
around me the bet
anyway I found a corner to myself
because I felt like people I'm just
trying to find a charger for my fault a
little fall I'm going to die what
happened - I'm bored in an airport by
myself well Heather was here for a bit
her flight was earlier than mine
what time is it an hour before I board I
think nice I don't have much to report
this week was a lot of fun uh I don't
know how cooling function or how Cory
functions they're just constantly
working with no sleep it was insane like
I know how was last year but this year
Pauline is doing a lot more of like
producing and directing than she did
last year and so she never sent like if
she's not in the scene she's like right
behind the cameras or right in front of
the monitors like saying how she wants
it I mean the show is amazing cuz I'm
really excited for my book I'm sorry I
shouldn't say that I also I'm really
excited for my live show that's
happening I'm just really excited I'm
thinking about that as we say in Colleen
we're card always inspires me to work
harder and like I think I needed that I
needed to see I needed to be like if I
do things things happen so like I'm
excited
I should women saying that I should be
editing right now but I'll edit on the
plane I like editing on planes so hello
because I just wanted to say hello
that's it I love you guys you're cool I
love meeting you guys yesterday well
that are seeing some of you again I like
when I do that I like when I had so much
contact with you guys that I like know
who you are when I see um
greats that always makes me happy ok but
this is me rambling hasn't absolutely
nothing to show you maybe I should do a
montage at the airport everyone loves a
good montage
you
I'm home I got no a while ago pauses
oops I just closed in action my flight
flight got delayed two hours that was
fun and at one point we got onto the
airplane and then sat there for another
hour that was fun but I got home I'm
fine everything's good that's all that's
all it about they say I just want to
tell you guys that I'm home maybe
something entertaining will happen I'll
tell you about it but I doubt anything's
exactly going to happen I'm watching
Vikings right now and it's 11:50 at
night so I don't see much in the near
future and I'll let you know vlogging
