good morning it's Monday good morning I
am taking blaze what an intro bro what
an intro I am taking blaze to go learn
how to be around cats I had a trainer
come to the house to teach me a few
things but it's doing great with the new
techniques of training but I need a cat
present in order to teach him how to be
around cat now I'm gonna use my sister's
cats as examples come you know also I
need the guy there because it's a
different technique than what he's
showing me use on my honor I'm going
he's got cats he's got a robot cat
apparently just to see how blaze
responds to cats and then he'll take him
to the real cats and train him it's
gonna be a whole thing I doubt him in a
vlog it and I need to be a good mom and
pay attention I will try and take some
pictures though but anyway I'm driving
there right now and then I got to do
today
a lot of yard work a lot of housework I
gotta film some videos for this week
good thing it's a good day guys I'm
holding a cat and no one's holding place
what's the trainer gotta come back in
love with the trainer do you drool
coming off your mouth bro I pet the cat
it's like in it
still holding a cat yeah you tell I
would mute the TV to talk to you guys
but someone ate the remote handsome yeah
could you stop licking your son for a
moment so I can accuse you of something
you did you ate the remote it's been a
while since the dog training thing he
did great he wants to play with cats
anyway he didn't try and eat it when he
got close enough he just put his nose in
it and then it was like okay now what
and then he tried to play with it and
like bat it which you don't do and you
want to kill it you want to kill it you
bite it and shake it but he just was
starting to pod it barked on it and so
basically we're training him to ignore
cats cuz he he wants to play he's got
too much energy so I started training
him to ignore cats which was great and
then he played with the little dogs and
the big dogs and the young dogs and the
old dogs and he's fine with dogs we're
just learning techniques and he's being
a good boy so the training went well
right now I have a lot of work to do a
lot of stuff I put off logs and
histograms pictures videos alright I'm
going to Santa Barbara tomorrow so I'm
trying to finish everything tonight I
got my comfy pajamas on I got a little
Christmas theme going with my socks my
shirt and my mug I'm gonna get this done
good morning it's Tuesday morning it's
about 12:00
no it's about 10:20 I just filmed my
video and I'm gonna drive to Santa
Barbara and edit it in Santa Barbara cuz
I'm gonna send Barbara today and I want
to hit the road now
ah I gotta film some stuff with my mom
or something my dad I gotta get some
stuff that's there at the house that I
want it this house just the whole thing
so I hear my dog oh oh they have a
question do you want to go to Grandma's
do you want to go to Grandma's let's get
going okay shall we let's go you first
did you guys already break it how did
you
I guess there's two of you working on it
they already dogs how this is not gonna
end well for anybody
they already ripped it in half mom we
made it to Santa Barbara it took to get
here because the the freeways are open
now oh yeah that was an elephant the
freeways are open now but the GPS
doesn't know that so and there was a
little crash but the GPS was making
everyone get off the freeway so like
half of me were getting off and then you
haven't do circle back around go back it
was a tip it was to meet you in half
hours to get here yeah the back roads
are closed but the GPS things the back
roads are open and the freeway is up I
know why I was using the GPS cuz I know
how to get here but you know I use your
GPS to figure out the fastest route
instead of like how to get anyway so
these dogs were just giving given an old
elephant oh my god mom they're making a
mess do you care that elephant I've been
saving for years I had it in like
storage boxes and then I finally got it
out of a box so my mom has a bunch of
boxes she wants us kids to go through I
got out of box and went no idea where
this is from
do you guys do that you save things and
you save them and you save when we save
them then one day you haven't seen him
for a while you finally see it and
you're like I don't remember why I was
saving this well that's basically what
I'm doing right now
also there's stuff like this like this I
made it like a Color Me Mine 98Â° I made
it when I was like eight do i what do I
do with it do I keep it do I make you
keep it it depends is that you me no
it's just two otters no there's no
backstory or seals there's two seals
there's no backstory a mommy and a baby
so you made it thinking all this is
mommy and me I mean it being like I
don't know what I'm allowed to paint
here that's my name I don't know what to
do with these things do you guys want to
see what I spent years collecting spent
hard-earned money on that's
so many bounce why what do I do with
these let's just kindly Trent because if
my dog won't stop farting oh it smells
like you pooped in our note says it's
because you've been feeding I told you
the more you feed him the more he stinks
you gave me permission doesn't mean you
if I am fart try hasn't even said
anything
it's just went over there silently mud
dude and my mom bought this pillow for
her dogs but they all hated it and blaze
loves it so blazes a new bed now now
you'll think twice before giving them
killer banana and sandwich
