good morning I exist funny how
man that pity met exist we are going to
set today the last one we on set this
trip because tomorrow is the show and in
the next day is Sunday which I leave so
this is the last note set for me I'm
going to probably come back at the end
of the month of my mom and cousin
Stephanie and then probably again all
the other times so that's all and it's
also raining today and you guys know I
love that like that wasn't sarcastic I
actually love that okay alright we're on
location today I don't know what I'm
allowed to film and stuff I don't to be
annoying asked once questions so I'm
like very cautious basically like this
plain background wall I found behind me
in a green room that seemed safe to fill
in front of right i his don't to be one
of the people that actually accidentally
slipped something into a vlog that I not
supposed to have so I don't know how
much I'm gonna fill today I know teenie
Heather and I are probably going to
break off for a little bit and run some
errands for Cory and stuff and then
later tonight we're all going to play
together because it's Friday so they
don't have to work tomorrow we have a
show tomorrow but they don't have to
like do this tomorrow
oh yeah it's a lot of fun being back on
set I love it here anyway that's all I
have to report in Los Angeles we are
enjoying it I wish that there is a
pumpkin spice latte still
there's Maya we're such a Samaritan Oh
so Heather found out we're going to
Starbucks this session squealing because
I can get like I could get like mo
garlic hot chocolate or something and
then actually use it cause it's really
cold here and raining there's other
Starbucks Rachael why are we going to
Starbucks for you what because I want a
cold drink they come normal hot coffee
at the set but I want a cold drink as of
everyone else in the cast yes I wanted
are you looking crazy
why do you want
you want a cold drink is freezing
because cold drinks taste better
no I don't know we got yeah we're going
to start by specifying about how there
was really excited about it okay still
AM
good morning because the first love me
just love me I don't know oh it only
love me
I used to be friends you to him
subscribe to me are you wanting me to
paint like one of my friends girls don't
fight me this is what you wanted
okay that was rapey to say hey booboo
Skoosh finally let me pet in this
morning I woke up with him biting my
feet and I was again him again under my
covers vitamin C and he gets under my
covers and just like start gnawing on my
side stop that do you try to get in too
late
ya know nor does the speed and wet food
not cool oh yeah one squirrel cousin fed
him he was over it oh my gosh so Ivan at
the theater all day but I left my blog
at Colleen's apartment and so I didn't
get it until she came we're like three
four but we set up for everything and
the meet and greet is starting soon
hopefully now that's all I have to
report that's a bathroom right there can
also report that I just hate some
broccoli let's even send my teeth oh I
got some carrot in there good uh-huh
it's like leftover but is it so sorry I
haven't been filming all day some gust
in the mornings you can't complain about
that Oh
k and a : of course is throwing a canada
song in the show but we're a little
flustered meeting greet was supposed to
start at 5:00 if you can't see because
my camera sucks it's 5:15 and for some
reason they were like oh we agreed
specifies one of the doors at 5:00 and
we're like no no no so I was like let's
open the doors at 4:45 sees and then
their ticket scanner broke parents so
it's 5:15 and about Alex 5:16 now and
maybe half the kids for VIP are here so
that means the show is starting late and
you guys are staring at me and laying
step back that means the show starts
late push me I don't get to eat dinner
till later guys you don't understand you
know how food is important to me and
before it gets put off the meaner I get
so you guys had some grumpy
hangry Rachel being green
so my meeting my Canadian flag just
trying to see if we're gonna start soon
certainly know what's happening we
didn't mean greet and then exalt it you
guys give us a lot of presents this time
we're consolidating all of them to take
all little bags in the Big Bang and sees
me and Carrie oh I knew you whereas he
must ask one
oh that's all--that's wait let me get
ready for it okay
I grab his video in Corey they're on a
date
how's the date going really good what
what facts have you learned about each
other - he loves playing in the crap
card maker is very difficult to
challenge yes what not kids is he like
he like like letter get there yeah but
dry during Miku yeah let's heck do I
make up like wet bag yeah
