good morning guys sorry I didn't vlog
yesterday I took another personal day I
promise I'll be taking less personal
days now just some stuff what's going
down nothing we're all good don't worry
about it
but sometimes I need to not have a
camera attached to me still love you
well the camera attached to me or not I
still go on social media anyway if you
guys didn't know all of the book tour
ticket links are out they exist they're
in the link below there are my main
channel stuff they're everywhere except
New York New York you New Yorkers you
want to make people stand out wait you
have no problem people being on their
feet so New York there's no ticket link
there won't be just to show up day of
but that's it and right now I am in a
rush as you can see from my stressed-out
demeanor that I have to leave in a few
hours to go to Canada but I haven't
edited my video or packed so good so I
want to do that I'll see you guys
probably heading to the airport because
my only time I can talk to the camera
right now only one time for this it's
just my footage was importing so alright
it's way later I'm at the airport
I got everything down that I needed to
do my video got up a little late that
posted while at the airport we're pretty
much on a phone call to make but the
board soon so I'm just going to make it
when I get to her Thank You Bert
that's my life hopefully I remember how
to make my phone be international think
I think I can figure it out I'm smart
yeah the most part might remember driver
here though an interesting setting 70
years old he's been driving cars for 52
years and never been in an accident
great good but first of that oh he would
have a conversation because he wouldn't
stop talking and I found the designer
might find I'm capable conversations
anyway I'll see the book conversation
with him it will have a conversation you
just wanted to talk at me because
actually time he would say something
well I'll give an example so that was
not the conversation was an example okay
Wow ice cream is the best ice cream I'd
like yeah cuz I like it kind of goes
with everything it's a good ice cream
was like no another ice cream
look what he would say something I'd
reiterate whatever he said just because
like I don't really wasn't going to try
to fight with the dupe it helped me get
better so I was just like I would just
reiterate whatever he said basically and
then he would disagree with whatever I
said for whatever I said was just resent
his different words and he would agree
with anything like he'd be like boost
the best color blues are really occult I
know Oh bad whoever I was the entire
ride he told me he never tells people
what to do and he said there's about 20
times little 40-minute car ride I said I
never tell people what to do but in the
entire ride he was telling me what to do
but what I need to do to have a better
life the only things like you need to
get into power but you need to get to
politics
America you need to make money you
should weird to be like my son does it
work have you believed I was like I have
a great life I don't know I travel I
feel like I've experienced a lot of her
cultures don't say no to opportunities
and he was like you acknowledge sick
then why did you he's like you're only
26 and I guess that you have knowledge
like what why the widest ask is it but
just 15 you're a child and you don't
learn to understand things and tell you
about 30 I think he just wanted to
disagree you want to argue but also just
a nice female however with Derek Lou
Jean here neck
they're running Rogers not war and then
so he done he's done
anyway it was like a super ride I didn't
know what hospitals to agree with them
or disagree with them I tried like
multiple different angles with
conversation skills he just wanted to
talk at me think he wanted to show me
that he was wise kept giving me life
tips and then he one of them disagrees
have whatever I said even if I was
exactly I was my uber ride now I'm here
an airplane carries a my airplane to be
firing a monocle
I'm a data set I found a teeny robot you
look beautiful we are in the favorite
place it's the food place we've been
here is our second time glue been here
about ten minutes from the filming
inside right now we have a problem being
quiet yeah quite on set more like a
little anyone in talk to each other I
was fine before Rachel down there I'm so
chatty I'm fun to talk to
we have a lot of catching up to do yeah
we live in different cities
Souren have a part so difficult my wife
is really really busy
come on Cory has taken me to some ice
cream place and then you've missed or
something I don't know I've seen it in
Cory's pictures before but expensive
presents one wonderful
but this here indicates something there
it is it's delicious
this is good double Oreo it's like extra
creamy and a little bit chewy which is a
weird way to describe ice cream but it's
accurate shut up
Bagon cooling compartment well I haven't
been here with you yet
I'm a client's apartment okay so I
didn't tell you guys on the plane itself
over the intercom they were like hey if
you're a doctor we need a doctor
identify yourself which I've never heard
on an airplane before but seen it in
movies and stuff and someone stood up
and someone apparently was just like
freaking out passing out no they brought
them a oxygen tank and the doctor to sit
with them for like a good 20 minutes and
then a bunch of turbulence happened and
another person started freaking out so
the doctor to go over to them it was a
weird flight like there was a bunch of
turbulence I just thought it was it
wasn't me just like trying to shake the
camera to be like nah there's turbulence
for thumbnail or something like there
was it was pretty those probably worst
sermons I ever had um it was fine but
like people were like dying it was weird
but yeah that's all I'm gonna get ready
prevent Coleen's cuddling what is doing
okay you just stole my pillow my pageant
huh are you just staring at it buddy
are you just staring at the toilet
trying to figure out where the pinko get
out of there get out of the water you
nasty look at your little paw print I
forgot my butt on that clean up after
yourself
Gus get get get some toilet paper and
you clean up your paw prints on the
toilet seat right now no don't get me
 you know if they just did that you
wouldn't go in the water I defeated you
hi Gus it's good to see you again get
back here get back here get back here
love you
