good day mate don't know what that was I
just wanted a knee doctor and he did
this new thing to me that he knows
doesn't normally do plus the thing he
normally does so it's basically what it
comes down to is I'm going to be in a
lot of pain in the next few days but I'm
in caline's Prius because my truck is
not fitting that parking lot and my
Massa is getting picked up later today
find me but I'm going to go home and
post my video with my but two dates in
it and then see you guys forget on
Twitter and then I'm going out to lunch
with new Jonathan Hawkins he's in town
till Friday so uh that should be fun
catch up with him and that's how I got
planned so I just did lunch with
Jonathan but guys there are ducks
randomly in the backyard
rocky duck Becky Ecch there's just two
ducks
they've been chillin in the backyard all
day we've called them platypus in common
come on come on oh he fancy he popped
out his chest when we said his name come
on come on come on anyway so they are
new friends and these are our ducks now
all right my knees I forgot don't work
I now friend spoke to our dates but
obviously it's a mess cuz why wouldn't
it be
so forms and novels had dates wrong on
our websites I will have all the correct
dates and places down below in the
description of this video and I'm going
to update the other one soon as I can
half the places were split between
buying the tickets ahead of time or just
showing up and waiting at the door hopes
that you'd get in I don't like that I
like buying it to get ahead of time just
because you guys don't need to get there
at 4:00 a.m. like that it's ridiculous
to make you guys stand out there all day
and Annie might not even get to be able
to hang out with me or see me so they're
all switching to tickets ahead of time
your parents can come with you but
they'll get a separate wristband
ticketing so that they won't they won't
get a photo with me unless they pay for
it but I know a lot of parents are like
I don't have to pay for you and me so
you just get a ticket for you and then
like a pass basically for your guardian
whoever's coming with you
with them so they can go with you but
they don't get the photo op so we're
trying I'm trying to make I'm trying to
make it as easy as possible just not
everyone else's and I know in New York I
said the 15th and the website for the
16th New York is the 15th because I'm
booked the next day the 16th in Boston
Massachusetts I also wanted to say sorry
for anyone I'm not coming to your town
and I'm sorry I'm only doing America I
said I was up for everywhere anywhere I
was down for everything but what
publishers just wanted to do these seven
cities in America I travel a lot I'm out
doing stuff so hopefully if I didn't if
I don't see you this book run I'll see
you some other time I love all of you
but that's the update right now so if
you guys are like why can't I get this
why can't I get that it's probably it's
not your fault if you can't find it
ticket link if the city says the wrong
thing it's not you it's the system we'll
call it the system all right that's all
I'm saying I just posted more of the
stupid memes that I make I have so much
fun making them but they're so stupid I
hope you guys enjoy them I like alright
oh my god I don't know obviously how did
I do with my parents and I'm craving a
burger ever since it's like 9:30 I
didn't need to eat this but I wanted it
Brooke tomorrow I have to use cleans
Carrigan is glue in shock but she's
right low on gas and very filthy I'm
gonna fill it up and do it a quick
once-over clean there's a wiper and a
trash can so that should get it sort of
alright Brad that burger is good that's
a good one night usually you get
something like this good wasn't enough
then sometimes you're gonna be like good
good all right let's do this is it's
mainly just in and out receipt all right
let's clean enough for now
I'm gonna go home now oh hey there guys
just want to let you go I'll get you
those books one ticket links as could
you back here but until then have a
little patience I know it remember
