hello my lovely humans its middle day
camera hey elevator I see there's about
to make fun of me well some of you might
not but I have to wear my sneakers
around my workout
Nikes I guess they're not bad but I
think I just have this thing in my head
where you can't wear those on a normal
basis anyway um remember Hawaii when I
got like that your foot pain in the
middle of my foot
well that's happening again to me so I
have to wear shoes with a lot of support
which are these shoes but I'm going to
walk down to the bank to get money to
get lottery tickets out for my video
tomorrow which you will have already
seen hopefully and then that's that okay
goodbye
I just bought two hundred dollars worth
of scratcher ticket
son of my best moment not my finest
and then it send the gamble good for
video I'm not gambling I'm entertaining
you guys that's different
I just lost so hard on those stupid
scratchers I I knew I would but I just
so much hoping that I wouldn't but I'm
going to go to Target but the suspense
is still going because because I won
three tickets so we don't know if those
other three tickets are going to win or
lose they lose they're just going to
lose but I'll do that tomorrow's vlog
right now I'm going to target some
hideous MEP Senate work I'm sitting here
not being able to say works sit here and
I'm editing and I felt the jolt and I
was like can somebody has run into the
building yes my first is a a bus drove
into the building so I walked out in the
living room I was like did you feel that
yeah and so I could see there earthquake
or someone read the cards in the
building so I I didn't go on the news I
didn't look in Google I went to Twitter
because Twitter is where you see all the
viewing like I and it wasn't earthquake
because everyone else is screaming
earthquake so it feels real quick which
is not a big deal it was I think it was
a small earthquake I've ever experienced
flash been awake for I don't know this
is the smallest earthquake I've ever
noticed all growing up
the only time earthquake happened I was
asleep so it wasn't all like I was in
college where I started to actually feel
them maybe because I'm awake later I
didn't agree with him at nighttime
what's happening California I just
realized that they usually only happen
at night except that one time I was in
Kmart anyway ah literally and this is
what I felt
how's it the movement of that camera
he runs it again that was it was not a
big deal back to editing okay so before
it closes out I'm going to just
reiterate some Ritter reiterate some
book tour stuff
okay so Los Angeles is the 13th there's
no ticket link yet Atlanta is on the
June 14 on May
eight the ticket sales will go up okay
so they're Atlanta on May 8 you can buy
your ticket for the June 14th book
signing thing New York is on June 15th
there is no ticket link yet Boston is on
June 16th there is a ticket link up I've
already tweeted it Chicago on the 17th
Cincinnati on the 19th and San Francisco
on June 30th
there is no ticket link it so I just
researched on my own I'm not putting up
with waiting for people to give me
information I'm finding to stuff myself
so that's what I have for you guys those
are the cities San Francisco's date got
changed and earlier New York's date was
wrong on their website but I said it
correctly so only Boston has a ticket
link and Atlanta you will have a ticket
link on May 8th but if you go to the
website for that bookstore you just type
in the bookstores names in the
description I'll put all the
descriptions all the things below in the
description the names of the cities the
dates and the locations if you go to
those bookstores you just type it into
Google half of them have me in there
Bing like she'll be here on this date
and then half of them won't some say
there is open to the public then there's
no ticket
there will be if you are under 18 and
you have a guardian with you they don't
have to purchase a ticket the ticket
will get you a photo-op and I signed a
book that I have signed it's my book not
just any bookmark and I grabbed a Harry
Potter book it's fine and gives you is
my book so you buy a ticket tickets
around $18 20 plus tax so if a parent
just by do your one ticket they can go
with you but they don't get a photo-op
with me that's the information I have
for you I love you guys sorry the whole
thing is really confusing I'm trying
really hard not to make you confusing I
love you you're beautiful
holiday bye
and
