hey it's the why why can't that sit
there it's nonstick morning I'm just
struggling Sunday morning uh my gas
tankers got filled up by me not like
someone's doing it and then I am heading
to Santa Barbara to pick up my PA box
stuff with my mom because she said she's
not going to give it to me unless I come
to Santa Barbara also she did it on the
shoulder I switch soaps and I think it's
making my back me come back sucks
because I really like the soap it smells
good and it feels good I subscribe the
old stuff my body well he came in also I
had a dog this morning so good day it's
a good day guys so I'm running late this
morning so I didn't grab a bagel or have
cereal and I actually hung grab
something at the gas station because I'm
healthy at ba man but I think it's just
that I so much sugar the doctor you
mentioned our body's like give him up
give him more give me more
so anyway I want to gas station I was
like you know what for the first time in
my entire life I'm going to check the
expiration date on these donuts that I'm
about to buy from the gas station and I
checked and there were three days past
their expiration date one is it illegal
to sell expired things but two that is
so foul that they had been in that gas
station so long if they expired because
hostess like little donut crumb donuts
they say good for like a year so they
had been in that gas station for quite
some time so instead I got a coffee cake
that expired six months all right I made
it back to Santa Barbara planted the
bomb run Santa Barbara they just use my
mom's I forgot my dry shampoo in my hair
this morning and I just she didn't even
know she had it but it was like foam
shampoo from Tresemme so once that dries
we'll see how that looked it's waterless
foam
I don't know but my hair just
desperately needed it but I think we're
gonna grab lunch because it's new no
five nah what come on oh my book I think
I type I can show you seen the cover of
my book before there it is there's the
beauty just look so far it's real it's
in my hand but I can't show you anything
else for the front because that's all
you've seen on the Internet this is a
book i'm holding my book i hold in my
book my book exits
my book is in my hand
and it is feeling so grand because I
have a book my mom says she's read it
four times
I don't know Mike I believe her are you
a book four times she says she's a fast
reader she's a scam reader isn't my book
pre-order right now links are below
comes out on June 13th I'll let you know
book tour dates tomorrow on my main
channel but I'm some pom pom Poko I'm
uploading my vlog because I edited it
that is my mom I have my vlog since I've
been here
uh yes um I think you shouldn't look I
showed my book that I read four times
you know what I loved she did I did say
something she goes that pisses you off
and then she like quoted my entire book
I was like okay you did read it
Somaly that she read it did you read it
before it was even an actual book I did
you send me the whole thing we sent me
like a pre-release version yeah you
gotta unedited by the editors it was
just me and Kelly six who had done it so
far so that's all alright I'm leaving in
an hour and a half I'm only here for a
hot second I just came to get my peel
boxed up kiss thank you mom when you're
out on my alley
yeah Matt will kiss it it scares him my
mom just said she's going to bore the
crap out of me but I have to come
outside you did say this is going to
bore the crap out of you but you have to
come out Venus or Christine we're going
to learn the word crap are we saying Oh
her garden edutl vegetables to
vegetables and flowers this is going to
be all flowery cool very soon grown from
seed from sweet from where's my uh pics
tangerine tree it's right here somebody
eat all the leaves what Dad is the
screen on it for me rude that came from
my mouth I know Emily because you're you
taste so good luck a new leaf is coming
you can barely see it you can tell there
it is there it is I see it ate them all
and so now for you know or the Parker
know daddy took their boots and such
your songs
alright well oh man your flowers are
pretty though mom
oh sorry oh good we get a story
this is Parkers okay this is Bailey this
is Jacob because what you don't have
their own Gardens they do they pick the
flower you kicked out everything within
it you want very white and green he's
got like a Instagram theme going with a
garden you wanted all white tiniest like
that joke hi happy dog
hi happy dog come here I'll pet you come
here our picture
oh my gosh a big puppy gosh your big
puppy look how happy this little puppy
is yeah I'm petting a dog don't kick my
butt sure I'll see your baby chicken I
need you to hold Cinderella on this side
of another gauge so she does I'll play
with you in a minute
i'ma go petal shit good I'm uncle pets
up chicken apparently Cinderella eat
some chicken
so where's Bob he just spider right oh
he's right there
Oh Oh big stretches for a bin full bite
oh gosh Chuck Mac Kelly is a little
stinker Kelly off Kelly's are gonna
attack me I'm watching you I'm watching
you pinky and and Rima coming they are
now they aren't cute anymore
mother we're looking hey doin Liang's of
using ash can I pet the chicken yeah
Wanda's Ashley come on you know your
chickens apart don't act like maybe
they've got yes they're following me
no oh this doesn't be fun
Oh God see they're coming at me because
I'm not trying to touch up Haley you did
can I get a photo I saw that too yet and
then we're done it's a submission post
you I don't them to submit to me that's
weird
well I think we're done in the chicken
yard because there's just poop
everywhere bro get my way
Kelly slowing yeah Kelly we go no Kelly
oh come on I can help
weird Bubba here you go mobsters there's
my big blubber lovers oh my proper
proper number I don't even know the
words that I say Oh Church of God
probably and that's it after that I
pretty much just went home
I got my PA boxed up but I'll show that
in a different vogue I just got a few
things and I have bacne all over myself
I'm just feeling it everywhere come on
so good so low anyway I'm going to close
this out I love you guys thanks for
watching
you're all beautiful and all of the
things okay bye crew yeah I'm a book
yeah free on my book yeah um Amazon um
fuck the nobles Oh buy my book yeah um
three sale
