hi hi Pope it's today hey what's up you
know what I love is I am guilty I was -
what when youtubers do this
hey guys didn't see you there oh they
set up the shot to walk into it as if
they hadn't already just been sitting
here with the camera on it's like I I've
done it I do it so I'm not like I'm not
hating it I just think it's funny and
every time I see one of us do it I laugh
like what are we doing what are we doing
does that look off that take that look
like we walked in you're sitting there
waiting for us to walk in right PUF
sorry I was on the phone we didn't set
up the camp anyway hi
it's Friday just about to upload my vlog
of nothing as for you let's just wanted
to say hello so the end of my last vlog
I showed my face it's just turning
yellow I look like a butt it looks like
a bottom of an old person's foot lovely
so that's what I'm doing right now and
it's the end of my life not the end of
my life my life is still going 100% but
that's the end of this shot that I've
walked into gotta go guys bye so this
vlog will go up til Sunday because it's
Friday and tomorrow is my live stream
instead so I can tell you guys I'm
really excited because because see you
get sending me and my dad to the Dodger
game Saturday which is tomorrow but it
will be in the slug and I fit my ticket
and I'm pretty sure they're dug out
seeds which is like my dad's dream I
read I got to tell them because what if
it's not it but I'm pretty sure it's the
dugout section which is like literally
behind home plate it's like the closest
you can get without actually being on
the field so I'm pretty excited I don't
want to tell I just told Matt Matt got
all excited for us I just guys dream has
come true and like oh I have milk all
over my face this is melt this is dried
milk I'm really classy
I'm sure see geek is really excited to
work with me it's been super freaking
Wendy here lately like look at those
bushes well but that bush it's the super
wonder here and I'm completely over it
it's been Wendy for I think like four
days
my least-favorite whether I can do Sun I
can do clouds I can do rain snow wind
get out of my face it helps me 0% I know
it helps like the world probably science
but me personally don't want to deal
with it
makes it so I don't want to go outside
and you're like it's hope it's so windy
and my cold and my sweating happening
and then you get things in your eyeballs
alright it's later in the day and I just
said the world's shortest lively I just
realize I hadn't done one and not like
over a week and so I just want to hop on
it say hello so of course Top
Contributors as always real quick that's
it
just super quick because it wasn't quick
lively I might get on later that's all
it is now Saturday and I'm going to head
out to the dog to come pick up my dad
school pick mine up from the airport
still hasn't told him where the seats
are but before I go people keep asking
thank you for getting to show you guys
this is the dry shampoo cooling gave me
that I use now it is living through a
perfect hair day that
guys are just moved in here look how far
back that man is I hate him with it she
was four car lengths back from the line
she was four car what doesn't she was on
her phone I hope they're close behind
her I don't think there's no one in
Freiburg so I maneuvered around her
what does that who's four car lengths
away from the line so the game started
four minutes ago five minutes ago the
LAX said it was from the GPS antenna
pick 40 minutes from LAX to here and we
had an hour so we're like 20 minutes is
fine when do I have a pimple right there
this temple happening anyway but it is
taking us just 30 minutes to get into
the parking lot apart dad am i right
take another 30 minutes Sarge is
ridiculous just move pickles just Ginza
plug into Bob ley because it was
bobblehead night and then I was running
out of bobbleheads like 20 minutes
before the game Ares research there's no
way I'm getting a bobblehead I'm calm
down I just need a Dodger dog that's all
yeah this is like full nail I know I did
not think this game was this big of a
deal but apparently it is I mean it's I
know we got bubbles
wait it's not even showing my bobblehead
sure my problem and shrimpers up there
it is
daddy where the bobblehead all right now
he's at the finer seat we're exhausted
ran from the car to here okay I don't
know how to get to DC I know he was
known when I don't ask him all right we
have to got the glass doors did you say
here we go thank you we're going we've
never been down here before this is but
first reading it thank you very much
yeah we've never been at your door the
doctor is my seat where am I
Mary Ellen they turned out what there's
techniques I don't understand why this
company how do I get out just free water
yeah their spring water
you
damn
Don
right now yeah I would like to find
China thank you Father and your progress
yes please I like my boss napkin okay
the food here is free this dr. box is
free mmm knock knock and it's free this
is so awesome
it tastes so much better when it's free
I just took my dad to go find a plate of
goodies I told us go away and come back
with a plate of goodies so he's getting
freckles and rice krispie treats I even
though but he's got to come back with a
whole plate that's all I was like
this lays got some harmonies Dodger
color did the phones
I just broke a bat and literally holds
my favorite thing that happens when a
fabric a tiny little ball from a huge
big back we watch the bat we miss Brent
later
yeah then I caught it like we got it was
like what we wanted to happen but we
were not paying into it the bat was work
force Batman oh yeah dang it what
happened where to go I couldn't find it
that's what's right thanks
saying it already served only when the
Phillies bat because one of them just
actually let go of the bat and it like
rule all the way and I look at human so
hoping they know how to bet even though
their wedding
water was the way of trying again it
dies right about there oh my gosh right
up top merrily
now daddy will stand down here an
amazing amazing game come back
I doubt loved a good comeback solji's my
pack there's a lady that comes around
and take our order and I bet hot dog and
sent a Dodger dog I'm sorry
firing up some Adam and I'm talking to
The Bodyguard I failed them as a child
yeah
and I wasn't in the entire world the
actual just guys whose bobblehead we got
who mostly hit a home run for your
bubble head night
that was not have a house bad before
this game in and top of the night before
documents I need to thank you for
sending us here giving us a ticket if
you guys don't know sneaky kids it's an
awesome app that my dad and I actually
use even though they don't send us the
thing but I think it's a place where you
can tickets for concerts sporting events
for a lot of different stuff and have a
rating system so it's a bad deal it's
like a tiny little red dot but it was a
good deals are going to choose green
jaundice amazing so they rate you
letting know how good the deals are and
scored one three hundred obviously a
hundred likes what one ninety minute and
ones like no just using a soul out I
made it to stop keep talking to
you guys hold on
finally the song stops come on copyright
reasons people so anyway
kekeke obviously looking you up to fused
the code Rachel download the app Utica
Rachel get $20 back you guys are the
deal I've done this before I love them
they're great company to work with
and just to use in my normal life that's
all alright
games starting again go back to that
sure Jacob favorite part the bellboy
foul balls before presents and the
actual players on the field
ah
we got the tow bar
ah
Oh
Oh
oh wow that's a foul ball the whole
stadium got stuck I don't know what the
whole stadium thought they're free to
this awesome let's set up your way into
London oh yes they are
my life is down the pipe
seriously that was an amazing game you
think you so much deeper sending us he's
always so much fun
my throat is in pain I don't think my
dad has a voice anymore talk yeah also
we have no idea where we cards not a
clue
so where's your walk around soy bio
Advan we're outside the link to download
the app is in the description below
again use the coupon code rachel for $20
back you go concert set just clean
grinding concert have tickets on that
looking at though i just got home
that clean oh hey get out of here I'm
blogging don't say nice things back to
alright I want the next thing Matt
smells man I just got home though ah
that was so much fun I was looking I
don't know my dad nice but everyone go
to games together our team is always
losing and then we just do like a major
comeback at the end and it's so much fun
I'm so much fun when I go to games with
him also the seats were basic just
everything was great that section would
like not super loud the whole gay my dad
and I were definitely a lot of people
there and then by the end everyone left
like the eighth inning
idiot you don't give up on a game you
just don't stick with it
but then once the nice ending came
around the bottom of the ninth that
section got loud whole stadium which is
on your feet though so I love sports man
I love sports
alright this battery's gonna die so I
need to switch batteries just so good
