hi is it working come on I'm tweeting it
hi sentence I didn't spelled that right
Stanford days at Rachel's hey girls Pete
how are you
there's no one here that's really not a
soul oh now 19 people shut up I'm a
tweeted so wait for those people to come
on over
all right people are here what's up guys
so I have to leave in a half hour so and
this is the only time I can livestream
today so um relax for me now but I still
have to get ready to leave I'm going to
a Dodger game later with my dad I have
to pick him up the airport and then
we're going to Dodger game and so I'm
gonna do my makeup Wow live-streaming
don't make fun of me if I do it wrong
everyone has their own way of doing life
so just let me be this is not teach
Rachel Rachel how to do makeup this is
Rachel doesn't makeup while talking you
guys let just let me wear by or how do
you have my own how I touched it too
hard I got too aggressive thinking about
you guys making fun of me
come on Oh anyway how are you guys
oh here we're like you rubbing your face
then you're like oh a little blackhead
or something you scratch it off that's
that's me right now okay anyway how are
you good how's everything
let's look at what you're doing hashtag
Saturdays at Rachel's everyone says
you're alive yeah sorry
how's your eye still hurts Matt likes to
stare at it and tell me how it's doing
and it's negative its net it's never a
positive thing it's always negative um
it's you can't really tell in this
lighting but this all right here is
really yellow and then I have this I'm
something off I have this purple pup
spot right here so where are you oh wait
these are not from February is no one
using sash tag Saturdays Rachel's there
it is
wait Saturdays at Rachel's what is with
this hashtag why is it doing this latest
it's showing me things from February
there it goes okay it was only showing
these tweets from February which was
really weird but now our
year are you literally cooling cooling
to this earlier did she I wasn't paying
attention I wasn't online earlier this
is like my first time online today
except early this morning when I tried
to go okay guys listen I like I try to
spend my time on all the social medias I
don't want to just hang out just on
Twitter I want to get to know everyone
on all the social medias so I feel like
trying to be active on Facebook and
you're like it's all ancient people over
there yes but it's also like a bunch of
eight year old and I didn't quite
realize that until I was like this
morning say hey I'm not going to
discriminate I'm gonna go over and give
some love to my Facebook humans
so I started messaging people back on
Facebook people messaged me first and
then I messaged them back then almost
like I said 80% of the replies were is
this really Rachel you messaged me yeah
if you didn't even think it was me why
didn't you message me in the first place
also this is my verified Facebook fan
page what else would it be
and then um so after about getting 20 of
those replies back I was getting super
annoyed and then the other 20% replies
back where people saying give me your
phone number no that's a private thing
and also not even can I have your phone
number just the straight-up demanda give
me your phone number
and this was a mix of all different ages
so people say it's just for ancient
people listen I'm on there and I'm only
a little bit ancient but it's a it's a
mix of Ages I will say so I stopped
doing that because I felt like people
either were calling me a liar saying it
wasn't really me or people were just
demanding me to do stuff and I was not
fully and I was right so much ah ah
beauty is pain
anyway this is the first live stream I'm
watching of yours because I've had to
work the last few well Lindsay Linsley
Lindsley well since you're new here I
will tell you it's rare that I say
people's names and if I do I butcher
them because for some reason I was never
taught how to pronounce Naik's so that's
all so welcome to the little
we are idiots in the best ways possible
and I'm a mess constantly so oh and also
sometimes I bring in this pointer so now
you're caught up on my strings alright
what are you guys doing are you proud of
me for pre-ordering your book yes Becky
I am I go on Facebook and I'm 14
listen I go on Facebook too I actually
really enjoy Facebook it's just
sometimes the people on there and look
as I still love it I genuinely do let
Facebook but the messages I were getting
I was just like I don't know what I've
responded people on Twitter it's like oh
my gosh I love you and then we like
start talking and then it's just like a
normal little conversation but I don't
know what it was about the Facebook
messaging that just that how it went
I still love Facebook I'm trying to use
it more but I was going on it oh my gosh
guys I bought new powder it's the same
powder I've been using but I brought a
brand new one and he just makes me so
happy look how white the sponge is Dale
I've only used it what I guess are the
other one it was getting like hard and
like there was still left but it was
just like the inside is complete on is
the outside it was getting harder I
don't know but that was like from the
oils from my skin we're making it do
that I don't know what was going on but
I was not for it so I just ordered a new
one there's something that waisted
makeup cuz they're still makeup on the
other one I just couldn't get it off
because it like freaking hardened and it
was really gross
again don't judge me for how I do my
makeup just let me beat me alright we
all do things differently in life and
that's okay
diversity is how we something
inspirational quote contras Instagram
okay let's do it
what's with the boundary sisters doing a
livestream while they do their makeup
listen Jess because your screen name is
really annoying to say I love you I see
you all the time but saying just because
I get that it sounds like just because
but what I'm saying it out loud people
are probably very confused as to what
I'm saying but I will tell you why
Colleen does it is why I'm doing it
right now um we don't have time or like
we're running out of time also we get
bored doing makeup so a live stream
while doing makeup kills two birds one
stone we get to hang out
to you guys but also get our makeup done
which is boring and so now we're happy
doing it so that's why she does it cuz
she literally has no time in the world
except when she's putting makeup on so
and I'm just in a hurry today usually
I'm just hanging out with you guys or
not doing stuff um but today I'm in a
rush I'm so confused do you not have
squash and USA that's the juice we add
water to squash okay Casey I've seen you
in my last Rachel's were most confused
because you asked me if people put what
I put first juice or water but in
America we don't have that drink that
juice drink where it's juice but you had
water to it because it's super
concentrated
we just have juice and we also just add
water we don't we're lazy we don't do
that extra step um but also squash is a
vegetable it wills the squash actually
squashes the squash um but no we don't
have that juice in America not that I
know of maybe somewhere else but in
California you know that's not a popular
thing here how's your day
well Steffi glad you asked I've had a
really nice day uh Matt and I moved some
big items over to Khalid that sounded
like I'm saying like big-ticket items no
just like bigger stuff in the truck oh
we're slowly moving so we got a bunch of
stuff over to cleans this morning and
then barbecued there and that was about
it and we watched some broad city while
we cooked and that was it we've been
waking up early and earlier to get stuff
done but somehow I'm still running out
of time for life just I don't know uh
what's your favorite clothing sure to
stop shop at I'm gonna say hmm because
they've got pants that actually fit me
because they aren't just like this is
sizes it's five size 7 size 8 size 9
they do a length and those are the only
things that actually frickin fit me okay
I don't know how to do uh what is this
called I shout out so just I'm gonna
anyone that knows makeups gonna go oh
you're doing that wrong
just let me do it wrong okay this isn't
your faces in my face my face can do
what it was um I feel embarrassed look
too big yeah
anyway house for oh but H&M are the only
places that does like height and then or
if you go to a really freakin expensive
store but I don't want to go to a super
expensive store because I'm cheap I'm
not made of money guys I'm trying to
save my money to buy a dog and then a
house and then to become Batman so
sometimes I'm pretty strapped on cash
alright this is actually the only time
in my life I've owned more than three
pairs of jeans and I'm bragging about it
I'm not I'm not ashamed I'm bragging I
own so many pairs of jeans I own five
pairs I know it's a big deal but you
know I'm fancy what else you don't
alright refreshing favourite visit
Disney Villains song I think I really
like a what is his name Gaston from
beating the Beast that that one that one
I liked a lot I've always liked that
song I don't know why it he's a villain
right yeah he's a villain he counts as a
villain I think that make their songs
not likable because they're the felons
hey are you going to go to the Dodger
game with your dad today yes Kate is a
potato that's the plan I just I got a
Twitter just for you are you happy yes
chubby Raven love I'm gonna follow you
you have zero followers boom I am your
first follower how do you like that hey
will you still get my mail if I send to
your p.o box when you're not in Santa
Barbara yes cuz my mom picks it all up
for me and holds it hostage at her house
she just decided she's not gonna bring
me my mail anymore whenever she comes to
LA cuz she's in LA almost like I want to
say almost every week but like at least
once every two weeks as usually bring my
mail well she's decided that she's gonna
hold me hostage until I come to Santa
Barbara so I actually have to go to
Santa Barbara tomorrow okay eyebrows are
going to be hard to do because they're
modified
I want to use that actual beer anyway um
so I have to go to Santa Barbara
tomorrow to retrieve my mail but if you
sent it and I'm not in Santa Barbara my
mom holds it hostage for me so I always
get your guys's stuff it just may take
take longer than normal
cleaning is calling me hey I'm
live-streaming
I'm live-streaming
yeah I'm literally live-streaming say
are you're not live-streaming except
everyone said you just live streamed I
know um well can I call you back later
do you want to say something to the
Internet
Clem says gully says if you don't watch
her a live stream she's gonna
unsubscribe to me that is a terrible
threat anyway I'll call you later okay I
can't call you now I'm on the phone with
you now and also I've got people
watching me you're not watching me from
your brain I love you I'll call you
afterwards I'll be done in like 20 I'm
putting on speaker you can just join the
live stream what's up Colleen hello
you're walking in the rain where you
going she's I thought I was special
about to no oh
none of your beeswax I have no idea what
that means but I totally remember that
was a fully like an insult to say to
someone like if you got I said to you
you were a terrible person oh no you get
a huge trouble if you reset it to them
also I love it this is the first phone
call we really had since you've been in
Vancouver and it's while I'm live
streaming
oh my gosh had Bennett walked my cheek I
can call Rachel and actually speak to
her on the phone for the first time and
then you're live streaming
yeah well that was bad timing on both
our parts but I'm I'm gonna go though
cuz I am supposed to be talking to these
lovely humans but I love you Mike
sorry I don't know if you can actually
hear her but I we have we've literally
we text every once in a while but I did
really have not like fully spoken her on
the phone since she left forget about
which is weird cuz when she's in town
we see each other every single day and
talk every single day but I'm the kind
of person I'm like you're busy do you I
don't need to talk to you um so I'm not
like insulted and we both know we love
each other so we don't have to talk
every day eyeliners gonna be terrible
this is gonna be really hard to do Oh
God
cuz I'm the kind of person that it needs
to be like one inch from the mirror to
do my eyeliner but this mirrors this
frame I said good okay how do we do this
I need to step out okay you go back in
there I'm not his talented as Colleen
with makeup she can do it while like not
even looking I need it I need to hold
this mirror upside and suck oh my god
this is too much Marcus oh I just got
new my eyeliner while like
live-streaming let's see if you're all
yelling at me for something when you
give me motivation to study do it that's
your motivation uh we heard her okay
good I'm glad you get here
thank you Umbria Umbria I'm gonna say
that's your name
Almer up the ballinger
fandom I'm laughing what do you mean I'm
glad we can entertain you I'm here for
this same a Chilean livestream I'm here
for that
I I love hanging out um rich old you
follow me asking for a friend though yes
I'll follow you are you gonna in a slide
shrimp a pooping no I think I'm good
right now I think you know I need to do
my makeup because I if I don't do it now
I'm gonna have to in this livestream
early so I'm gonna have to do this
um but no I think I'm good food-wise
today which is rare when I do a
livestream okay you're just not gonna
see me okay all right ah don't judge me
this is quality content if people say
youtubers aren't entertaining or don't
have talent just show them this video
cuz this is what true art is me getting
out of frame to do my makeup and hold on
I'm almost done with the right eye oh
god oh god this is intense cuz if I mess
up I don't have time to fix it
do you or do that okay some days I'm
like don't care I'm just putting on
makeup to put it on I have a film
anything I don't have to go out and
that's when my makeup is completely
flawless but the days when I'm like God
do stop I'm in a hurry my face matters
that's when I mess up every time I
probably should be talking while doing
this manis Krishna kiss it's not perfect
but it makes this alright forward to the
next guy let's see what you guys doing
Rachel it's none of your beeswax
seriously why is that an insult she made
up a really good point
why was that something cuz if we had
ever said it to our parents that like
cuz it's sassy on your part but also
insult why is it insulting the other
person I don't get it this is quality
content I know when and why did you
start doing Saturdays at Rachel's I
don't remember when I started doing them
a few months ago right like I truly
don't remember when oh no I've messed it
up I can't talk on the valanor just all
hum to yourselves for a little bit too
over the awkward silence ready huh sorry
headphone users no no no no just exist
keep existing hold on and oh no I messed
it up
oh this you know what this is not gonna
be as good as yet alright not to the
other I was good doc all right you know
what mascara will make it look better
was I talking about I have no idea what
else talking about whatever oh why did I
start doing them
I don't know cuz I just like
live-streaming I think it's fun um also
it really helps me cuz sometimes um I
forget to vlog so it's nice having a day
like Friday's I don't have to worry
about vlogging that much and then uh
Saturdays I don't have to worry about
editing anything which is really nice it
gives me a break while still also giving
you guys something stupid to watch so
it's fun cuz I want to post on this
channel daily but sometimes I just don't
wanna blog every day so it really it
just gives me a little breather but it's
fun that's that's really why I keep
doing them also cuz that's a chance to
connect it's like a baguette for it I
actually respond to what you guys say
my liners hello stressful it really is
Natalie it is what really makes or
breaks your makeup that truly truly is a
live stream keeps buffering for me I'm
sorry Fiona you should get better
internet literally I used to get like
the cheapest internet cuz I didn't have
money and I was cheap um and then once I
started having a little money Matt was
like you might want to upgrade your
internet because I think it would make
your job easier like your jobs the
Internet so why don't you upgrade your
internet I upgraded to the fastest thing
in the world it's expensive and I hate
how expensive it is but it is amazing I
don't have to buffer anything everything
just loads naturally and so now but now
when I go to a hotel and their internet
slow it makes me want to gouge my
eyeballs out but I'm very happy that I
am able to buy
the really nice Internet but it's my job
I need to have it it would be stupid if
I had to worst internet in the world you
know Colleen doesn't have good internet
which just confuses me I think it's
because she doesn't want to take the
time to get good internet cuz you have
to like call and schedule and get a
router and a better modem and it sucks
uh hey guys I know I'm gonna look in the
mirror and this is gonna be the worst
makeup job I've ever done in my life but
I don't K oh I don't care
hanging out with my dad at a baseball
game no one's really gonna judge my
makeup there yeah did I just hit my nose
yes but I think aim up you know I don't
have any like mascara left in this thing
I should buy more of that okay that's
done now let's do a little lip and I'll
be done whoo
four o'clock we still got like ten
minutes of this whoo
I was scared I wasn't gonna finish my
makeup in time you guys got me you're
sticking with me I'm so jealous of your
Wi-Fi i'm syrian literally they just
makes you a happier person because it
does what it's supposed to do internet
has one job and when it doesn't do that
one job it is not fun but you're trying
to dry my lips what let's take out it
this is difficult don't laugh at me for
my liner either I don't know how to do
anything
mmm sure that works I got guys this is
really hard to do in the computer thing
Nick and do you like my noises this is
how I actually sound what I'm doing it
by myself as well that sounded weird
when I'm doing my makeup by myself is
off all right what are you guys doing I
have so much work to do should i watch
or work uh you should do your work but
also watch me look at I'm multitasking
I'm putting makeup on while working you
can watch me while working as well see
this is this isn't work for me this is
fun for me we do the hair time okay I'm
ready for the day's haha coming for you
dad
to take you to a baseball game
what lipliner do you use it's from
Target
it's redline color stain lip liner mouth
mouth in a UV that's the kind
Medlen eye it was cheap and I just
wanted to try it out to see if I liked
it and I actually liked it so I just
wanted to see if I liked lip liner cuz
Killeen is talking about me telling me I
need to do it I don't know so I'm just
trying it out so once that runs out or I
decide to get a new one I'll probably
upgrade mmm quality of it my shoes just
falling off stop calling up change my
clothes to for this game cuz obviously
not gonna show up to a Dodger game and
not Dodger clothes
everyone is just setting me Gaston
lyrics I love you guys oh sorry I was
tying my shoe
I'm fully straight but I have the
biggest crush on you
Thanks that lien okay
I know you all do this when you get me
wear shorts they just they right up your
crotch man it is not fun ah I really
enjoy wearing like baggy long shorts
just when I'm at home cuz I know if I go
out in public people will judge me but
they're so much more comfortable guys
don't have to deal with this ish it's so
annoying rev rides right up into all the
creases and cracks and crevices huh have
you been keeping up with NFL Draft or do
you really not care and just like the
game I watched a little bit of it with
Matt my team the rams didn't get a
first-round pick because we gave up our
first-round pick last season to get golf
who is just the worst thing we could
have done um so we didn't even have a
first-round pick this time no one knows
what I'm saying except you and me Alex
so I'm going to stop talking about
football go to Colleen's house and get a
better internet surpriser Matt told me I
should do that cuz sometimes he's super
thoughtful he told me actually that but
I don't think that the internet company
will let me upgrade her if I'm not hurt
but I could lying Sam her because I'm
really good at doing that that was one
of the benefits of me I used to work for
her is that I would call an act as fire
for like every
important thing that wasn't like
business-related like doctors internet
credit cards banks I was I went to the
bank as her more than she went as
herself so I could do it I might do it :
recorded a four-minute video of her
eating cereal for Miranda video you
should record a four-minute video of you
humming listen Miranda is different than
the rest of us
shaking it away with that if I were to
do that I literally used lose every
subscriber I have so that's that Kelsey
says get your pointer I have it is right
here this is my pointer opinions opinion
on little kiddo swearing uh I don't know
I mean I didn't swear as a kid
and my parents forbid it I did I just
think it's it depends on how your
parents want you to it's like if your
parents are okay with it and there's no
law against it and as long as you're
respectful the people you're not just
like cussing out everybody but if your
parents don't like it then you should
follow the rules I'm just saying that's
all that's I don't really care what
eyeliner do you use of Mac wick liquid
last something what is it
liquid last I was right literally never
remember the name well just three years
of using it I finally figure it out Mac
liquid last liner I have saved up enough
of these like empty tubes that I think I
can go into what do you get a free
lipstick if you bring in like six empty
tubes too Mac you get a freeze lip
stickers on like that I'm gonna go in
and I might get that free lipstick yes
thought some fake IDs I've never had one
and yeah I mean they're clearly illegal
so I'm not going to openly support that
so follow the law children all right
let's refresh well
at four more minutes before I gotta go
change my clothes pee and leave ta my
dad where's Matt he's in the living room
cleaning he cleans a lot
he likes to clean I literally only use
this Twitter account comment on your
live streams
well Carly I appreciate it okay guys you
know I've been drinking those Kroy sigh
this isn't a comment on anyone's comment
but I just decided I need to tell you
guys you know I've been drinking Lacroix
is like crazy I think they're making me
extremely bloated because if I don't
drink one for the day I'm fine i body
feels really fine but then the next time
like I need to drink some la Cruz I
haven't drinking one in a while I drink
like five boys in a day and I feel so
gassy and bloated and it hurts like
crazy I think all the carbonation is
just not good for me so I'm gonna try to
wean off lemon just do like one la croix
for dinner and like not for dinner with
dinner I eat food regularly um but I
think that they're making me super gassy
so yeah that's that we're a serial
encounter like like see like breakfast
cereal there's breakfast cereal
encounter I've ever had I don't remember
I think it was probably uh as a kid I
don't know what it was I think I thought
I was getting honey nut cheerios but
ended up just getting regular Cheerios
and that's not the same thing regular
Cheerios are just cardboard honey nut
cheerios are little circles of
deliciousness so I remember that
happened to me a couple times as a child
what's it matter
you for dinner last night stir-fry but
he switched it up this time
can you please follow me I watch all
your videos live streams and Lively's
yes Ariana phacelia boop boo kazoo boo
Celia I want that too your name how much
do you clean have in common
Hanna not that much we have the same
sense of humor and the same wit way of
dealing with situation not even the same
I think we just have the same sense of
humor and we've just grown up together
so we understand each other a lot
because we literally don't have that
much in common at all we don't have the
same hobbies we don't like the same
stores we don't dress the same we don't
do like literally just our sense of
humor that's to say and I think that's a
lot with all of my friends everyone I'm
really close to I'm pretty much the
exact opposite of and I just I think I
just like the nice balance and I think
it's just cuz I don't care if you like
the same things as me
as long as we get along as people so
yeah like Rachel whittling we just have
our sense of humor in common that's it
she is a I wanna be gypsy vegetarian I
don't even know is going she lives in a
different country over here I don't know
she's just the exact house with me um
but I'm obsessed with her and all of my
brother friend Kelly the exact opposite
of me she's my favorite human besides
all my other favorite humans I just I
don't know we don't really have anything
in common I like it
how's the Vaseline a coconut eyelash
thing going I've been trying it with the
Vaseline I don't think anything's
happening Kayla yeah okay every single
night I have not skipped today I put
coconut oil on this and then Vaseline on
this and on my eyebrows and I don't
think anything is happening whatsoever
because I was mingling believe me one
works the other does it no they I just
don't think either of them works I
haven't been coconut oil on my nose and
that has been helping my nose with
flakiness and blackheads and stuff so my
nose is act it's really working well on
my nose but I don't think is doing
inking the eyelashes for eyebrow
I really don't they look the same to me
maybe I have to keep up with it for like
a year but that's a long time guys okay
Hellena I've said your name I know I
seen two of your side two of your
questions now I said your name did you
film the book tour dates video yet no I
have it
Oh cuz I haven't film that video yet I
won't film that video one day so how do
you deal with bullies without punching
them ah ignore them they get bored and
go away I don't know it depends on the
bully but violence is never the answer I
have never had to hit someone except
that one time that I kind of
accidentally punched someone in the face
but it wasn't a real punch ah but it was
for the safety of another human being so
we're gonna just slide past that one but
violence is never the answer
um but I don't know it depends on the
person depends on the bully like if you
ignore them and don't let them know that
you're getting to them they eventually
get bored and go away that's bullies are
just bored that's that's really all it
is think of me the Dodger game because
they are playing my city's team the
Phillies O'Malley Duffy I will not be
thinking any of you I will be thinking
about winning cuz that's what the Tigers
are gonna do the goat with cuts that if
they're hit myself in the face with this
is self-inflicted injury so often they
say oh they're giving away bobbleheads
tonight at the Dodger game and I'm very
excited oh my gosh I need to go on two
minutes late a bleep from leaving okay
thank you guys for watching I love you
this live stream is not cut short by me
needing to poop it's cut short for me
and go get my dad from the airport
you're all beautiful and all the things
and all the things and all the things
okay that's it
I love you guys so much alright thank
you
