it's my dad I'm going to Canada she's
going to Canada I'm currently driving
his van to LAX at 9 a.m. Ramos lax
because he's going to visit Killeen
I'm not but I get it I am very jealous I
did offer to drive him because on
Saturday I'm picking him up from the
airport and ruining straight to a Dodger
game that game I got my hat made
curiously in the back oh you are so
prepared there it is but anyway so
that's all that's all I had to report I
just want to say good morning because it
is morning very early this little my eye
looks like today who shot that's my eye
today does it look good dad am I still
pretty yes yes thank you always the
correct response alright I just dropped
off the pumps so he's on his way to
Vancouver and I'm going to go home and
film a Rachel's room because I haven't
done that I was hoping that this will go
away by today so that I could film and
not like mention it but I guess I can do
a shout-out to my vlog to know what
happen to my channel that's all put
makeup on it I can't tell if it made it
look worse or better like I'm trying to
hide it but fail I didn't go super hard
with makeup because it hurts when you
touch it my life and I just uploaded my
Rachel's room mat cleaning I think I'm
going to pack up more stuff and I have
two boxes that need to go to Goodwill so
that as well alright I'm going to go to
post honest because I'm thinking to try
and send a giveaway stuff i've had
giveaway stuff for like a month
haven't sent it I told the people that
one that it would take me a while to set
it out so that don't expect much of me
but I'm hungry so I think I'm going to
try it eat food might fail but I'm not
try so youtubers react
just posted the one of episodes I do
with them I found three episodes of them
and it was the make-a-wish one and if
you can't tell in it if you've watched
it if you can't tell I was sobbing like
a baby in it was fine watching the
videos and I was like okay like I wasn't
really said anything while watching it
cuz I'm trying to keep it together and
then afterwards they would just ask me
questions and I was solving the whole
time I'm surprised they had footage we
could understand what I was saying
sometimes it just gets to me okay my
comic anyway I feel the post office to
send the giveaway stuff
I did it it's right there in the
sunflower on the box for that so I got
to go some of that stuff that's life my
face is still beaten up post office
which is a fine establishment always put
together and clean
hey Betty me Betty hey Betty all right
run away sorry I but I will always be
amused when I see a squirrel all right
so if you were one of the winners of
those emoji pillows sunflower hats or
Lego ice tray thing that has been sent
to you
and I sent it cheap because that whole
thing cost me $35 just to send those so
I sent them as cheap as I could so you
got wait patiently for your things to
arrive I'm uploading the vlog Bob on the
road hi telly oh my god being uploaded
that's all I have to report so I was
literally my day yesterday except after
that we went over to Colleen's barbecued
watch some basketball and that was it so
it wasn't not just forgot to film
yesterday it was that I didn't have
anything to film I filmed the exciting
things that happened to me and then that
was just the only exciting things that
happened to me now let's turn yellow Oh
turning yellow
this face progression is just getting
worse before it gets better
tisk tisk tisk okay but that's it for
today thank you guys for watching I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
baby
yeah wait no I won't it's a live stream
tomorrow don't forget about the live
stream okay bye
