whistling left me whittling let's go
dropped her all that Amtrak so she can
take a bus and then a train and then
another bus home my face the ball the
ball swollen thing went down but now my
whole eye stock is basically swollen and
kind of bruised basically just look like
I'm punched in the face
teeny told me that it will get worse
tomorrow and then better the next day
and that I shouldn't put makeup on it or
irritated at all so that's what I'm
doing mad doesn't want to go out in
public with me see it looks like he
punched me anyway spot worsen an idiot
cleans I'm going to edit and work here
it just you know a change of environment
can it can motivate you
because usually to work at my apartment
but lately I've been like I get I'm in
my apartment and I'm like oh but I could
watch TV and sit on the couch and play
phone games but here I don't have a
routine yet so I'm making my routine
working so I'm going to edit and stuff
and that's playing with the pool think
he's cleaning it that's all we did lunch
we later by the pool I think I got too
much Sun but you know we all make
mistakes in life so now I'm just doing
work just boring things things that
they're not entertaining at all I'm not
filming I'm not editing I'm not watching
YouTube videos and saying his work and
filling out forms and writing checks
things like that it's like how is it why
is this brute
I got hit here why is that what it is
you're a dick
actually more of square hello both
insults gotcha
bruise on my face anyway what do I do
I'm working ah this is the hair of
someone who does not care oh yeah it is
pretty calm oh you're such a target on
the target time oh it's the target time
because it's a good time I was bored I
might suggested I go to target because
we needed a few things got my list
I'm a grad president likes to physically
write things down and not like some of
my phone or just remember I love
physically writing things down it makes
fun of me all you want but it's true
wearing a hat because my hair is really
greasy also because this is getting
worse I wish I knew it was just bruising
so I just keep my head down on a walk
my mom texted me today was like we're in
your face women where I'll have to punch
haha my son I texted back me apparently
my mother does not watch my snapchat
into the story or vlog Channel mom
Darian she loved me I was her favorite
child anyway so I'm gonna target my
cameras probably gonna fall soon because
I make a sharp turn protected my models
it's really just texted me as I am
whining oh there it go it felt good I'm
gonna put my camera away bye I keep
thinking that I feel more than I
actually do I swore I had like 15
minutes of footage yesterday it's
because I do things like oh I'm gonna go
to Target I'm going to film them at
Target and then I don't feel my
targeting but on my way home like
awesome what I got at Target and then I
go to sleep so I never actually film
anything I just keep talking to myself
about filming things I'm just a really
bad person this is more of my face face
update bar this is it that's just what
this vlog is you don't care what I do
with my days you care about my face
that was cuz he did maybe my bruise I
don't know what I'm saying so I'm gonna
close this out I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
and and
