I think one thing straight up wait later
than me to keep doing this puzzle hey
all I went out and got us bagels bagels
don't worry I got one for Matt I dropped
it off at him
he doesn't want to sleep here because
it's so bright in Colleen's room because
she doesn't have any curtains whatsoever
so that's fun I have avoided doing my
editing for today because we wanna
finish this puzzle go ahead right top
okay maybe I should actually do work now
all right we I just wanted to edit
Ingram video so it's up to one it's what
105 right now and it's still processing
but paints luckily it was really easy to
do that it really had like eight minutes
of footage so I just cut it down to
minutes but I think Matt came over and
then we are gonna go to lunch because
we're hungry and it's one inapplicable
to that's not that's not it okay I gotta
go do this so we had lunch by the way at
lunch I spit soup all over went Lang by
accident but Matt's in the kitchen he
goes oh this is nice the place to keep
your bread we should get one of these
and then he opened it and just that's
just mold and there's some more mold I'm
scared to look in there he's like I
should have expected that I knew there'd
be bread in there that was moldy I
didn't know they'd ever put bread in
that I thought it was just the
decoration that Wendy bellissimo put
there so Wendling decided that she for
dinner she wants to cook a meal but not
an easy meal she specifically said a
hard meal I don't think she realized as
I can't cook so and that's not helping
us buy soy so do you cook why didn't
they hard I said something like that
wasn't easy which is the definition of
hard so she chose stuffed zucchini I
don't know how you stuff a zucchini but
we're going to do it and we're getting
things it is this is her dance for it
vegetables vegetables we love you there
she's a vegetarian so we're not doing it
meat thing and that's not fine I don't
care I'm sitting here here responding to
comments in my last video and whittling
just comes over to puzzle and says do
you think if I just hold two pieces I
can pull up the entire puzzle I think I
can
I don't think you can it's a puzzle it
comes apart Oh what did you doing that
you creeper you're a magician i a
magician watch those shows no down I
don't know I don't think you can but
you're gonna prove me wrong oh that was
wicked magic it's a real puzzler drama
oh well okay well that was that yeah I
can't believe she just did that dang
girl
okay max is recording the comments
vegetables vegetables we love you like
the bees love honey we love you we like
to eat and these and ice cream too but
when we're eating vegetables we are
happy so I could hear it
you're we have the same food I'm
prettier no it's not it's the exact same
food look how I play today you mean you
spill why when I wear I mean I did that
too I just didn't spill as much as you
you're so weird I was actually pretty
good
I got us some bread because I was like
just veggies for dinner I get out of my
face I need bread or meat so we settled
on bread so I got shred but we are going
to go to glow zone I went there with my
friend Sammy and had the most fun and so
we were this is Rachel last night here
she's only in town for three nights so I
thought let's go do something epic and
Matt was like you girls have fun yeah so
that's what we're gonna do the cargo is
like I have a 23 year old man with a
beard I think I should be hanging out
around a bunch of children that aren't
mine or that I know I was like okay I
get that I'm going he's like yeah you
have the heart of a child you can go
that's what we're doing and that's the
next thing you're going to see from me
we are a close own and it is in
that is Tuesday at EPM there is no one
here this is my dream plan I went to the
rope bridge and now we're going to laser
maze and I think I'm gonna try this
boy
guys look at the quality in a safety
video here's one with that waiter come
you guys are working coming to take not
to me I love to take your video for
Socrates Joker
look it no I got I won I'm a donor often
see me who cares trigger-happy you yeah
and I won lots of the month what about
me you're a little slow and lazy that's
about it I just did this to myself oh
holy crap sure pass out oh I was
taking the laser gun vest off of my body
and I got it up here and then the gun is
attached to it swung and hit me in the
face I did this to myself holy eyes like
a big one holy crap oh my god and that
happened so bad oh my god are you okay
yeah I'm fine
it kind of hurts like a little it's like
pulsing I'm like I'm gonna pop you are
the best friend ever
most people be like oh it's not a big
deal don't worry I'll heal you only
stitches you're fine oh my god that's so
lovely you're gonna die that's random or
this one it looks as a big blob oh all
that some eyes on it I thought it must
hurt I can see it when I look down I can
see it it's always a kind of a soft spot
a food the cheeks off oh whoa Jacob's
soldiers
anyway hockey's a little I love the
mountains good what I mean I have to
build a Thursday video I should have
pretty found out I was going to beat
myself up as well so the people there or
what I've got out the clicker instead of
my keys hold on
so the people there were Kotik I'm a
mess
oh it's swelling like crazy yeah the
people were there were really nice
obviously they don't want me like sue or
anything so they give me ice and stuff
we
a lot of fun we minigolf I want the
played arcade games and got punch ball
balloons and bracelets and now we're
going to go home and that's going to see
my face and going to be scared to go out
on top of me because everyone's gonna
think he hit me or something
really I'm just an idiot who dropped a
laser gun on her face
