I don't know what song this is but I
love it alright copyright don't play
alright so I'm waiting to get me and
Matt bagels and then I have to go to the
99-cent store big o da and then I'm
going over to Colleen's that's my day
I'm excited about Oh English I had said
that I finished my cousin spice rack but
I had finished it to a point where she
needed to tell me if she wanted
something at it or not and she did want
to add it so I finally finished it last
night I'll show you guys when I get home
I'm quite proud of it there are little
hiccups but I don't know if she'll
notice it's the person it's like I built
it so I know the hiccups but I don't
know if she'll know the hiccups because
she didn't build it so she doesn't know
what it was supposed to be as a person
what it is yeah I'm actually proud of it
so I'll show you guys that I just got to
Colleen's and she's not here I have a
case I let myself in princess I have a
princess how are you okay
oh nice you're pretty okay bye
i text her Illinois she is we're
supposed to start filming in 7 6 7
minutes she better get her booty back
here or I I'm just gonna continue
sitting here look who finally showed up
her boobs belly vagina knees feet I can
like know your vibes you can see right
here right here full of that yeah that's
from coughing core it just does not
believe you you pushed that car all the
time you would have hemorrhoids hanging
out of your butt right how do you know
what I was hanging out like this we
filmed the video for Colleen's Channel
and then we filmed one for my channel
and he gets up by the time you guys see
this so go check that out it is a look
it is wondrous let me take this out and
then go walk my dog how do I look I
tried to take out all that stuff my hair
is crunchy and parts are just Harley and
other are straight and I look good
that's what my age is but I have makeup
on so I can't rub it properly this is
going home now so this is the spice rack
that I made let me move these bananas
real quick
I put spices in it to just show how it
works but it looks weird because there's
things behind it
move things
but look it they don't fall when you dip
it but it looks like they would but they
don't anyway this is what I built the
spice rack haha well I haven't blogged
for a hot second what's up it's Thursday
guess if I haven't done filmed or edited
or posted a video for today which is
Thursday from a main channel there's
good reason though this is the main
reason
don't wag your tail thank you I had
scheduled a pitbull specialist training
specialist because the polite of the
training methods don't work with him
love him awesome doubt this is a futile
take some tricks I'd like to figure out
you know he still jumps on people he's
still in state cats the normal thing and
none of the like trainers anything the
surface is inside online none of it
works for him so I found a pitbull
specialist who works differently anyway
he was supposed to come yesterday at
noon so I had scheduled yesterday I was
like okay no comment noon we'll do our
thing and then afterwards I'm just gonna
film I have a few things around the
house too and then one o'clock rolled
around he still wasn't here I'll say
what in the world oh those are he's
throwing out my schedule so I called
them who's they I thought it was
tomorrow he had written it down wrong
and I was like okay well that's fine he
said go come tomorrow I'll come tomorrow
and then my agent texted me and he was
like remember you have that screening
tonight I was like dang it so a few
things I had to do before going to the
screening and so I didn't have time to
film yesterday I was like awesome in the
morning but then the guy said let's make
it 11:00 instead of noon so I just I
mean I guess I could have stayed up till
2:00 a.m. filming and editing but I like
sleep a lot and when I do that I usually
no getting sick and a lot of pimples and
I was like my body tells me not to do
that so I'm not going to so anyway I
have an idea
and I know what I want to do I just
wants the guy leaves and I'm gonna have
to actually film it and edit it and it's
not gonna get up to like 6 or 7 p.m.
which is annoying but I'm gonna post I
don't think I've missed a post day in
years oh I don't know how long it's been
since I missed a Tuesday or Thursday
video it's been a long time
I am consistent not always the best
quality but there's a video up anyway
so I'm stressing but that's that's today
I'm waiting for the guy to show up
11:08 let's see if he remembers today
and I had cleaned everything for him
yesterday and today I'm like nope not
reclaiming not happening if you came
yesterday you would have gotten a clean
house today or not please it's almost
noon
and your trainer isn't here yet calling
him a trainer makes it seem like you're
gonna get physically fit are you about
to get swole are you about to pump it
are you
to go cray-cray with the weights no
you're gonna learn how to be a good boy
don't snore at me do not snore at me
we've got a booger a booger dr. Turner
just called it's 12:30 he said he'll be
here out one so I'm just gonna try and
bust out and film a video right now I
didn't want to film it this whole time
cuz I didn't know when he would show up
and I didn't want to stop filming in the
middle because that's really annoying to
do you lose your flow you lose your
light you're everything it's just
everything you do you film everything it
was because you definitely can tell when
you film things at different times
anyway but I have 30 minutes I think I
can film this video and then edit it no
it's not gonna be look at it it's not
but edited as quick as I can afterwards
and hopefully get it up at a decent hour
today got it this was the easy part
editing for this particular video is
gonna take a while so I'm just gonna
import it the guy should be here in
about 10-15 minutes so I see what I can
get done before then rough day rough
well I'm not talking about you trainer
came he was awesome he trained
differently than everyone else I've ever
dealt with
and it worked so I mean he was here for
like an hour too and it worked wonders
I'm excited to apply the techniques and
Monday I'm going to his facility where
he has a bunch of dogs bunch different
sizes bunch of different attitudes and
he's got cats and so we're gonna train
him to be good around cats and all this
stuff and he's gonna play I've been
editing for a long time you guys will
watch this video and be like that it's
the YouTube's biggest trends it doesn't
look like it's that intense at all it's
just me sitting and talking but adding
all of the little tiny videos and
pictures it takes a while I'm not
complaining I don't care like I chose to
do this but it takes a while so I've
been editing for a long time but it is
ready to post I'm just waiting for it to
get to be able to do show and high-rez
because right now it's showing at a
really low resident resolution which is
up now it's good all right so I'm gonna
post it double check for no typos go to
my notifications favorite anyone who
tweeted out before me so what I do every
time wow there's a lot I forgot that
it's not you guys aren't in school right
now so there are a lot of people who
were waiting for me to post okay now I'm
gonna be sitting here in Demon's for a
while oh god I thought I was done I
wasn't okay good morning it's 8 a.m. I
am on my way to
meet all my basketball team because one
of the girls there works for the Ronald
McDonald foundation thingamabob
I don't know I'm doing I'm making
breakfast and feeding its people that's
what we're doing
this morning I don't I didn't really ask
any questions they just said hey don't
bail and I said okay say I'll go and
then I wasn't really I look ahead of me
if I wake up I don't know and then their
captain texts me and she goes we only
have five people you're not bail okay
that was a lot of fun I didn't take
video because I felt weird like whipping
out my camera I you know I did pictures
everyone was a pretty much yeah I didn't
know what it was going into it the
Ronald McDonald House Charities thingy
where people that have kids that are in
the hospital for like they need to
transplant or for cancer or something if
they are from out of town and they have
to use one of the la hospital and it's
expensive because like if you're at
these hospitals for like a month
their average stay is 56 days at the
Ronald McDonald House but if that's a
lot of money for like a hotel if you
don't want even the tip in the city for
this place houses people for little or
no cost but just go I didn't know I
really I know the vibrato McDonald House
I know that was a thing but I generally
didn't know what it was and I found out
that like you'd think all McDonald's
like they owned the whole thing their
name is on it but they only covered 10%
of the money that the place needs to run
I was like come on Donald step it up a
little bit your names on the thing
it's your foundation anyway so yeah we
were just making breakfast it's like you
know free food for them and we made the
foods I was in charge of the eggs I
scrambled them real good that was it
that was fun I'm glad I went I didn't
know what it was
I'm glad I did it we've got places like
that exist cuz a lot of people don't
think about it let's talk about this
I can't gets diagnosed with cancer
everyone's like that sucks because it
sucks but there's and it's not just
medical bills it's all the other bills
like driving to the places and the
hotels and gas and perking all these
things so well
McDonald's needs to chip in a little bit
more I'm glad they made the place so
that people could keep it going so I'm
out a way to pick up my dad my dad's
coming to town to help kollene with
something or oh no but he asked me to
pick him up from the train station he
got on the train in an hour into the
train they announced that the freeway is
now open in and out of Santa Barbara so
he could have driven and got in here at
the same time but whatever um but first
I had to stop at Starbucks
this is Starbucks you cannot tell
because it is a blank wall but that is
in fact a Starbucks so I'm fueling up
and then I left late because he's like
the Train might be here late okay so I
left late and his train was supposed to
really get here ten minutes ago
but he just text me and said probably be
an hour I don't like 20 minutes from my
house so I don't want to drive back to
just hang out for 10 minutes and drive
all the way back out here so I think I'm
just lucky Lee brought my camera my
photography camera so I think I'm gonna
take some pictures of some train tracks
like a long leash a basic person that's
fun I'm chillin at the train station
found some shoes to hang out with that's
got stuff you know those shoes are the
shoes of someone who was kind of a long
hard day at work
like I'm gonna change out of my work
boots and into my comfy boots for the
train ride and then they left their work
boots the house that sucks I mean I hope
it's something better than that
they're like screw these shoes these
shoes suck that's nice that's though I
mean don't let her do did your owner
litter how do the house would you leave
shoes behind anyway my dad says you
should be here in about 10 minutes I've
been here for like 20 taking some
pictures at that train to true
