did you miss me did you miss her
it's a day and it's today and we're
starting the day and we have bagels and
we got coffee and I edit my blog and
then we have to take my car to the
mechanic and then we're have to go
swimming and that's what today is so
that's all we have plan Oh miss heron I
have not done my makeup so we dropped
off my truck not the truck we dropped
off my masa they say probably by the end
of the week I'll have a back but they're
gonna call me tomorrow and let me know
for sure and then widdling and I went in
the pool for a while
get some Sun girl this is the Sunday a
little too much sense sure well I know
we're at Target because we are going to
film a video that we saw on Facebook and
basically we just need a few supplies
here you might have seen it because we
commented on the video so you might know
what we're doing but it's stupid and I'm
excited we're going just stopped us in
the middle of our show what are you is
that literally why you were excited for
abused its life-sized it's a just
dancing right now I did not know you had
such an attraction else I have a three
year old niece okay
so play with her baby so winning is
helping me go through my toys that I
should just donate not keep but she's
scared because I was mine up faster than
she did
so come
oh good terrible friend
okay whittling help me get rid of two
boxes worth of toys that I was never
going to actually play with again like
kids and stuff I did for videos I'd like
two boxes worth like baby dolls and I
bet what if I need it and she just look
at me but I know you don't you don't
need it ever but right now we're gonna
go grab some dinner and then we're gonna
film the video tonight but I suppose we
need another activity I don't know what
yet we will find it so let's go eat all
right so it's way later and we're gonna
film a video that we saw on Facebook we
went out to dinner I took Rachel to this
vegan place and she was in heaven she's
a vegetarian but she just loved that she
didn't have to think when she ordered
because think about that vegetarians has
to do that or vegan people have to do
that they should think before they order
whereas me and my food looks good eat
but anyway right now she's be upstairs
getting lipstick on and we're about to
film the stupidest video you'll see it
by the time stop here it's a pantyhose
thing I don't know if what I was gonna
posted I'm posting it tomorrow so enjoy
so one thing and I filmed our video if
you haven't seen it here's a tidbit a
melted version of Kirk so go watch that
because it's amazing but right now we
are very much distracted by a puzzle so
we're just sit here we're not even
speaking to each other we're just going
to wrap nice nice dog the whole parent
switch right it's nice this is
friendship also we both have like my
voice hurt my throat hurt to go bad and
her voice is already gone she got here
and it's not getting any better
we've been talking too much and but not
half the time not even to each other
just to ourselves or the puzzle
it's like where are you where are you
little peace instead it's an intense
puzzle
what do you okay I thought you're a nice
show the camera I'm driving which we're
gonna she measures the puzzle piece to
the picture how you're trying to screw
the game I was like honey you can see
the viewfinder you can't
you know I'm looking we collated hot I
think this whole case is nothing else
off nice nice
what are you working on dislikes floral
this orange kind of background literally
not seen it because if you don't play
again it's just the background and I
think I have a phone I can't find where
this piece goes it's bugging me because
it doesn't go with that I think it might
go with that but we're oh that it does
out there just good sound there you get
this door oh you need to find it door we
need to find the door oh did you find it
nobody's going off thank God oh nice I
don't think we're finishing this tonight
I'm whores more it's like 12:30 we need
to go to bed we woke up at 9 which was
all we needed then i won
yeah normal
