good morning I just filmed three
episodes of youtubers react so that was
fun I'm supposed to have some sort of
like interview today with some others
YouTube channel thing I - I analytical
but last night there like our cameraman
quit we'll let you know if we're going
to cancel or like keep the episode or
keep the schedule or whatever and I have
not heard from them and I have to leave
in a half hour if I were still doing the
interview I'd have to leave it leaves
within a half hour but I I'm just going
to go home and eat a bagel alright so
that a interview thing so what happened
was I was going to do the interview like
last week but I canceled or I postponed
it because something personal came up
and they're like okay how about Sunday
and I'll think okay that's fine so they
scheduled it for Sunday at 1:30 and then
two days ago they were like actually can
you do 11 make sure whatever and then
last night they're like our cameraman
cancelled so we'll let you know if we
can find a new one
so it's either cancelled because we
can't or we find one and it's still on
I'll talk to you guys the way some dude
just put me in the worst mood I was
driving over to Colleen to change the
laundry because I'm washing the
bedsheets because I'm asleep there
tonight with whittling and I'm at this
point in construction it's construction
on this one street and it goes from
three lanes down to one and there were
cars slowly merging and I was in the far
right lane which everyone had to merge
into and there's just not for some
reason no one's merging into that Lane
everyone's just kind of going to the
middle lane and I'm going down the right
lane going slow because it's I'm coming
up to a red light and then cars realize
they'd have to start merging to the
right lane and so a car gets in front of
me so it's the zip the zipper technique
it goes car car car car car like you
just with merging it's normal thriving
so a car goes in front of me is so I am
following it so the next car can get
behind me that next car this Range Rover
decided no it didn't want to get behind
me even though that was the freakin law
and just decides to literally zoom in he
got this close to hitting my car
I freaked them out I literally just got
it
it would even though the tiny little
vendor better still shakes you up the
rest today I'll and my harm I'm flipping
him off I'm screaming because that he
was literally almost hit both me and the
other car and I didn't leave room to be
like come on in bud because when there's
traffic like that I stick close to the
person in front of me so that it doesn't
get backed up behind me and people
aren't left in the middle of a
intersection like blocking it because
they're trying I don't leave room when
I'm going high speeds
I leave room but I didn't I wasn't
leaving room there was literally maybe
this much space between the Camellia and
the car in front of me and this Range
Rover decided that was his spot even
though the rule of the lies you get
behind me because we're to merge so it
was there was a car the Range Rover and
me and I was like kind of in between
them so that one went in front of me
meaning that the Range Rover would go
behind me I got so freakin pissed I
wanted I almost sped up so that he would
hit me so that he would get in trouble
and have to fix my car but I didn't want
to have to have no cars because then
both agreeing the shoppin and my
insurance would be like what he did
Rachel I just made me so mad guys just
don't be dicks on the road don't be a
dick I'm like extremely courteous driver
but now dude was a dick if he was
sitting next mean he was like please get
in I would have let him because when
people do that but he didn't even look
at me he didn't wave he didn't do
anything he just like literally floored
it to get in between me in this in a car
and I just slam on my brakes and laying
on my horn and it's not like my truck is
hard to see like he didn't see me I'm in
a huge red truck alright that put me in
such a bad mood I am so angry right now
just I hate when people are dicks on the
road you don't have to be a dick there
would be less accidents and less road
rage if everyone just wasn't a dick
maybe so bad that's not how the road
works sir
anyway what I was going to say earlier
before Matt open the door and scared me
was that I - I the interview was like
let's have it at 11:00 oh wait our
cameraman said he can't do it so we'll
let you know if it's still on or not and
then that was last night and then this
morning for the agent that's helping me
out with a seal called him and text them
and email them and they wouldn't respond
and they wanted me to be there at 10:15
for hair and makeup and it like 9:45 I
was like I'm not going haven't told me
yet if I'm going I'd have to leave 15
minutes ago if they wouldn't be there so
that I don't know is postponed they want
I don't know I
I was happy with that but I'm not going
to it now but whittling gets here at
6:45 and Siri just thought I said hey
Siri but I didn't I said whittling and
now she's going yes you're stupid anyway
so that's what's happening now I'm angry
I'm going to go watch a Celtics game
with Matthew okay like all I do now is
log in my truck it's because I don't do
anything over my apartment and I'm about
to go do things I'm in my truck so
anyway we're about to go pick up Rachel
whittling and by we I mean you envy
let's go pick up Rachel so I'm at the
train station to pick up whittling and
she texted me and she said my trains
delayed because someone got mad at the
conductor and punched him in the face so
the police are on the train right now I
have no clue where the train is I got
here early as I always do because I
always worry about making other people
wait on me but I just can't wait to hear
more of this punching story let's go
where we went six Maris whistling / SG
now I have to bite so now I have to find
her up top that's three of em I found a
wavelength
