don't hate me because my socks and shoes
go so great together why is that why is
it like not allowed to show your socks
anymore with the shoes like I don't get
it didn't know about that it's a thing
now apparently
anyway it's Matthew's birthday I wish
that that is when I set that there there
wasn't a steering wheel in the way
that's what I wish it's math birthday
okay kidding I know your fireworks it's
bad birthday and using very chilled non
extra human so we are doing nothing
today but watching the Celtics game at
four but it is three and he has
requested a fruit salad and by that I
meant I mentioned it to him and he was
yeah so I'm getting him a fruit I'm
going to the store to get fresh fruit
and then I will make him eat fruit salad
for the game so that is his birthday
dessert he's not huge on sugar called
unnatural sugar saying I have to drive
to check around because my Ma's does
beat up I don't remember what I told
Ruth be there be there I need to get us
set up anyway I remember I told you
yesterday when I told you I got in a car
crash but I don't remember all that all
the details I gave you but I reported it
to my insurance today and totally my
fault which I understood my fault it's
my fault sometimes don't hate because
this is just your fault my fault
so my insurance lucky I pay a lot of
money every month to make sure that I'm
covered I have to pay the first $500 a
deductible and then after that they pay
for everything so that's $500 less I can
spend on the house some milk
I thought won't be done much adopting
dogs does not cost that much money does
it I don't know anyway I'm on the way a
grush star talk to you later guys I
forgot my wallet I drove all the way to
the store and then I was putting my vlog
in my purse smells like this feels light
and then I realized oh it's because my
wallets not in my purse and I just want
to because I have a checkbook with me
randomly and they're like
yeah I just go get your wallet we don't
we don't know if we can take your check
look did not how people used to pay then
I'd be like blood cash I'm oh come on
and the olden days when I was growing up
right affects anyone anywhere
I have frigging drive back home of
course oh I can I'll walk round for me
the story I can't be too heavy
why you so heavy door because I bought a
stupid ridiculous extra car all right
back home wallet retrieved back in the
truck all right so I'm going to stay and
will say that's a true salad made and
then massive made stir-fry for dinner
and then you wanted want waffles later
but we're going to try well from scratch
but in order for that I need milk so I'm
on my way to go get milk but I was just
living life in my apartment I'll see
about the fact that I'm like my YouTube
numbers are dropping a lot of people's
are there's a lot of different reasons
why it's happening and I just been like
well so YouTube's fall and I just keep
doing the same thing I do all the time
like I've been running the same system
and today I just randomly got this huge
urge of motivation to be like I need to
go sing I snapped it and I do think I
need to get it done I didn't know what
that was but then I finally I was like
okay well let's let's apply this to
something that's what stop scream at my
snapchat story I'm like I need to get
out of this like little like I'm kind of
like plateaued and like god I got into
this funk am i okay oh yeah it is
are you doing with my youtube channel
I'm not like starting to see another but
I'm like I need to put more effort into
it I need to change the way not just be
like in my room playing with toy because
clearly that's not working so I like my
friend Rachel whittling if you guys are
Odie you know she is and I know she'll
be down to Selma bunches like huge big
fun videos with me so I think I'm going
to do that and I've wanted me to be less
like one and do anything today this is
my office I didn't like doing things I
neither like succeed and I am my only
reason I'm not
there were people in the street are you
are going to know straight when there's
like goo sidewalks but I'm the only
reason I'm not succeeding I have a job
in which I am the only reason things get
done and the only reason things succeed
yes YouTube has changed things so it's
hard to get views I don't get paid as
much even when I do get views but I need
to I need to step up my game and not
just complain and blame it on YouTube
while it is slightly their fault I need
to own up to it as well so I'm just on a
motivational kick but I can't do
anything right now because it's nice
birthday and I like kind of taking a day
off that's purely vlogging when I'm in a
car but I get to it and you can't stop
me so if you drive a truck or a big car
you'll know that you go places based on
how big the parking lot
my masa doesn't matter ex parte anywhere
low at my truck I'm like oh no they have
a really small parts of not can't go to
that place I couldn't come to this
grocery store earlier because when it's
packed it's really hard to fit a truck
in it but since it's late at night no
it's here I can take up two spaces looks
like a dick but I'm not a dick because
they're space so if you're ever thinking
about owning a huge car think about the
fact that limits to where you go
learning fountain fountain
one time in my life I owned a 108 Hot
Wheels should I make that part of my
life happen again coming up so we ready
for bed well I got ready for bed and
I've been doing a coconut and Vaseline
every night for nine nights ten nice
knowing that I put it on just now can
you see a difference is there a
difference I can't tell I honestly have
no idea if they're getting longer or not
or stronger or fuller I have no idea I
know the coconut oil I've been putting
it on my skin because I read online it's
like a good really good for your skin
the coconut oil
I've been putting on my nose and stuff
because I noticed being really flaky and
it made my nose clear up like crazy good
so I can give you that much information
but battery's about to die a lot of your
batteries are like dying super quick now
but I'm gonna go to bed good night see
you tomorrow oh my god I got 9 hours of
sleep last night my body has been
getting weirdly tired and I don't know
what it is but maybe I was I was getting
like seven hours of sleeping tonight my
body just like finally was like nope in
order to catch up but seven hours is so
much sleep I don't know what it was but
last night I was in bed by 12:15 and
then the guy was asleep by one and I
woke up about 10:00 today whoops did not
mean for that to happen I wanted to wake
up early because tomorrow I'm going to
film youtubers react at 7:50 a.m. we
hard to fall asleep tonight oh goodness
I'm just breaking boxes you think a 26
year old wouldn't have so many boxes
labeled toys but I do all right I'm
going to make some coffee and to start
my day I got a lot of work to do today
because yesterday's motivation is
rolling into today I might get things
done all right so I have yet to write
people back for my birthday Pio boss
video so I'm going to write some people
back while watching YouTube videos I
think that is good multitasking
boom alright that's done again taking
the mailbox and then tada
