Hey it says I'm live there's gonna be a
delay let's wait a second
is it working that's the question I
don't even know if it's work is it
working
there's an ad oh so you guys will just
be a little delayed because this ad has
to play there it is now you're here that
took forever all right I'm gonna wait
let's make skip ad let's make sure I'm
hoping I am alright let's tweet it tweet
Facebook it and then send my snap said
ah anyway hi I should probably put it on
Instagram too hold on just a second
I got a promote on all the things and it
just takes forever especially when it
doesn't load I have to take the link
from Twitter I copy it from Twitter and
then I gold for to Instagram story so
you can swipe up to get to it it's a
whole thing
Instagram I'm sorry
so I do watch me live now now paste
comes with it it's just a second okay
Twitter let's go to Twitter and Twitter
alright
Rachael sass hashtag people let's get on
this okay first thing everyone's a book
tour dates I'm not announcing them today
um my publishers told me that I would be
able to announce by the week but that
didn't happen and legally I'm I can't
tell you so it's not me I'm not being a
Butthead it's just legally I can't do it
so if you want me to break contract and
give him a lot of trouble then yeah I'll
announce the dates but I'm not gonna do
that so there's no reason to keep
bugging me this weekend it's not gonna
happen I'm sorry I'm very sorry I wish I
could I wanted to but legally I can't so
I'm not just being like I'm just gonna
easy Danny's I I thought I could and
then I couldn't and that's it I'm not
trying to be a Butthead um but that's
all I'm gonna say about it now so let's
move on to other things okay Lauren got
her sticker today awesome I'm glad you
got your sticker Lauren if you have
pre-ordered my book sign up the links I
think are in the description boxes of my
videos you can go get us you can get a
sign sticker sent to you if you
pre-ordered my book already
I saw someone asking the other day once
the book is released
can I get my sticker then it's only for
people who pre-order the book so once
the book is out the sticker thing stops
so you have to if you want the sticker
you got a printer the book now and then
order the sticker so okay so now
I am I I'm good I'm in a productive mood
today so I want to get a bunch of things
done I'm good I think I'm good oh I got
10 hours of sleep no nine hours of sleep
last night which is a lot but my body
has been so freaking tired lately and I
don't know why but I just didn't set an
alarm and I slept in till 10:00 so that
was nice
sorry guys I'm just reading comments and
there's still all about the book tour
dates I did you could you could keep
tweeting me but I can't tell you
thoughts on poutine my pad some really
bad poutine and I've had some really
good poutine I like when it's really
good don't like it when it's really bad
there's a siren hold on
have you started planning your live show
yes
my dad and I basically wrote the whole
thing while we were on the flight to
Orlando last weekend so and pretty much
have it like outlined and it'll be fun
I've been kind of I'm excited for it now
like I got I think I was just scared of
like what it would be I still have no
idea what it is but at least I have an
outline of what's gonna happen in it so
it should be fun there's some
interactive things there's me yelling
there's it's uh it's just it'll be a lot
of fun that's a June 4th if you haven't
got tickets it's an Irvine California
June 4th particularly should be down
below in the description box I'm getting
excited for it I think it's gonna be
funny anyhow
slash puppy updates singer guys his
name's Julie Julie asked that I I'm
still searching for a house it takes a
while I want to make sure it's in a good
location that I love and that the house
is exactly what I want because I'm going
to be living in it for ten years and I'm
spending a lot of money on it so I don't
want to just be like I guess it's fine
and then hate myself in two years
because I didn't keep searching for
something better so there's nothing that
I like right now there's no potentials
but I've got time and I'm getting the
puppy after the vancouver show so after
the vancouver show i will be home for a
full month and so that's what I think
I'm gonna get puppy because then I'll
have a month with the puppy and then
I'll probably send it to puppy bootcamp
while I'm away up on book tour and then
when I come back I'll get the puppy back
and then it'll be trained and ylim Eska
have you ever gotten your eyebrows done
no Alison I have not they they kind of
just are this shape this is just I mean
they're filled in right now but they're
just kind of like this shape and then I
get like little strays that happen I
have to pluck but they're pretty much
does this and I have no problem plucking
them so well I mean sometimes I forget
to and then they turn into a little
beast but most the time it's all good
you have to change the background of
your Rachel vlogs to say daily vlogs
instead of weekly yeah but we don't know
in a month as something might happen
right I can't blog daily and then it is
back to weekly I just say daily vlogs
every time I say it puts more stress on
me I just I've like what I want to and
so far the past few months that's the
daily except this past week I skipped
two days but I mean we're just gonna let
it be vlogs we don't even know what kind
that just happening
okay I don't know how to say your name
Laura or Iona I don't know if it's an L
or and I says eyelashes what about them
I have them I know they're not big so
you can't really see if you see them but
there I am what are you one of them
tomorrow's vlog shows you the update of
the coconut oil versus Vaseline I don't
know I can't tell if it's helping or not
they seem to be just the same eyelashes
they've got mascara on them so you can't
tell her if they've been doing well or
not but I do a comparison and tomorrow's
vlog that I'm posting do they look good
have I forgotten my I do people get
their eyelashes done
would you ever try the feather eyebrow
friend I did not watch co-leader Cory's
video on it so I don't know about what
it is I is it I don't even know at this
look that person I've been busy but I
would never do something to my eyebrows
for reals if it was by making fun of
something I'd do it where is your cup
from oh this
it's from Starbucks it keeps it cold for
a really long time
my mom got it for me : and Cory and my
mom are all obsessed with these cuz it
really does if you put something cold in
here it stays cold for like 10 hours so
if you buy Starbucks like a nice drink
and you're like I don't drink it all
like super quick but then when I wanted
it's all melty you put it in this and
it's fine
I just put my Lacroix is in here because
it takes me forever to drink anything
and it stays cool puppy bootcamp shut up
that's a thing yes oh yeah a lot it's
huge in LA it's it's what a lot of
people in LA do you send your doggie to
boot camp and they basically just train
your dog for you um they're very it's
not like evil they're very well done and
it's just like professional trainers
they're kind of expensive but a lot of
people that have like really nice houses
that don't want their dogs just like
crap and pee and scratch up everything
it to them it's worth it to pay someone
to teach the dog not to do that it does
suck though cuz it can be like a week or
two week process so like you don't get
to see your like puppy for that long but
never know if people are saying don't
set it to boot camp it's not a naked
thing who's texting me it's probably
something like stop talking about Pookie
oh my mom says you're welcome for the
cup anyway I know a lot of people who
love animals who do it and it's not a
harmful thing at all oh it's it's
helpful the doggies get treated very
well I would never put my dog in the
harm's way ever my dog went to
camford failed sometimes aren't up for
it some people Alexei said while you
missed your Pappy
if you go to boot camp yeah that's why I
would do it while I was a book tour so
that I wouldn't MIT the public we
wouldn't see each other anyway so why
two birds one stone
doggy gets trained I get to meet you
guys everything's happy do you bite your
nails and I no I do not I don't bite my
nails except one like I'm out and about
and one of them chips or it gets like
scrape do not have to like tear it off
so it doesn't annoy me they're us today
but other than I am NOT a nail biter at
all
did you try the unicorn frappe no I
didn't because most of the people that I
trusted
tasted like butt so I didn't try it and
I was not gonna give in to Starbucks
think they made it just so people would
take pictures with it I it was not made
to taste good it was made to be a trend
and they got it to be a trend my entire
Instagram snapchat Twitter YouTube
everything just that freakin unicorn
Frappuccino and that it has so much
sugar in it like I remember what it was
it was like equivalent like I think it
was like one sip was an equivalent to
like three Snickers bars
alright so weird statistic I was like
yeah I'm just not gonna participate I'm
gonna stick to my normal drinks and just
live my life happy and they're expensive
to I wasn't gonna spend five bucks to
taste something that I knew I wouldn't
like Oh someone sent me a picture of the
feathered eyebrows nope not doing that
that is it's a middle part for your
eyebrow it's not feathered you literally
put a little part down your eyebrow no
one wants that nobody wants that it's a
new trick
cuz the tricks that happen I can't keep
up
I tried to predict some of them and you
know they always amazed me was your poop
great
yeah no way talking about poop poop I
pooped early this morning it was kind of
annoying it was hard to get out all
right I'm gonna look at YouTube comments
now alright woof
hi from England hello Antoni you from
England what time is it there it is 2:14
p.m.
do you like cats yes but I don't think
I've ever owned one what kind of dog you
looking for a Rottweiler poop is yummy
Jack I'm gonna have to disagree with you
but to each his own accept careful you
can literally die from eating poop just
so you guys know that is how the man who
invented the ferris wheel died because
he ingested poop the more you know what
is your watch it's an Apple watch all
right we're going to go over Facebook
see if anyone over on Facebook has
commented I know you guys love when I
read comments from Facebook and buy that
you love to hate it all the comments on
the Facebook are go over to Twitter no
I'll on Facebook right now you can't
tell me what to do I mean you could tell
me doesn't mean I'm gonna listen Sarah
asked if I'm going to NorCal Corgi cause
there's a convention of Courtney's that
sounds like the best thing ever
corgis are adorable I don't think I
never get love but my friend had one
back in high school I freaking loved
that dog it was adorable how do you know
about eating poop oh my oh my like
Rachel what let me say okay I know about
eating poop I never said I eat poop I
told you a story about how someone ate
poop and died and also you can tell how
something good taste
by the smell of it you smell poop do you
want to put that in your body no you
don't favorite purse brand Tasha I do
not have a favorite purse print how do
you met me you think I know the brands
of purses all right we're going back
over to Twitter as no one was asking
anything on Facebook
Facebook can die I think I'll live I
think Facebook has proven that it's
never gonna die it's just who uses it
changes it is really stuck around like
MySpace that die
I like people tried to bring it back to
life I'm making it some like musics
place it died it really died and vine
literally died it just shut down
but Facebook it is stuck around
I thought musically it was gonna go out
and it's it's even bigger than I ever
thought it would get I thought musically
who's gonna be around for like two weeks
and that thing won't die either that's
gonna be around for a little bit longer
Rachel wife and no call okay screw you
guys so rude um I know I was oh how do
you know he died from eating poop
because my friend and I were about to go
on a ferris wheel and we were in line
and it was really long and he was like
who invented the ferris wheel I don't
know dude no idea so he looked it up and
we know his last name was Ferris and
then we looked up but we accidentally
saw how he died and it was from
ingesting poop so you know we like to
educate ourselves
opinion on Harry Styles new song I
haven't listened to it is it good is it
his solo song it's not one direction
right are they all doing their own solo
thing are they still a band or not they
broken up I feel like they're slowly
breaking up because when one member
leaves it just doesn't say the same ever
although then I thought it means it's
haunting we have to break up and I think
they're still going strong right Alison
got her sticker
good job Alison please two more
musically as they say explain my life
Archy I'll try my music Lee's army not
liking doing music specifically I can't
do a serious one to save my life where
is the trashcan on the pointer I move
the trashcan because it's completely
full I didn't want you guys to get mad
at me so the trashcan is right next to
me I'm literally right before I started
moved it so you guys couldn't see it and
the pointers right there I'll get the
pointer it's time it's time I hate
musically I hate it I hate it I hate it
Becky you don't have to go on it that's
the beauty of it if you hit a food you
hate an act
you don't gotta eat it you don't got to
use it it's okay what will you do when
your dog hates gus-gus
Alwyn Owen I'm gonna house their name
what makes you think my dog will hate
gus-gus my dog is gonna be the most
social thing in the entire world and
it's gonna get to know every animal in
every human it's gonna love everybody so
that's all facebook is full of
year old men Sophie I don't think
nine-year-old men know how to use
Facebook so that's all how long is the
livestream today I don't know we'll see
we'll see if I get annoyed or I'm having
so much fun I don't want to stop it
we never know with me do we it's
different every time
why do know didn't read it right at all
not even one word that I just said was
in this sentence do you like doing the
read ants I asked you I don't know what
that means
sorry I guessed it what'd you guess I
thought the printer behind you is a cat
for like point two three three three
seconds you thought this was a cat this
is black thing with the blue light that
is no katniss about it was it the
headphones up top that got you
is that it this looks like zero percent
like a cat I'm so hungry but I don't
want to stop watching the live stream
Claire why don't you go to the kitchen
and get a snack and bring it back and
then continue to watch the live stream
while that is happening all right let's
go over the YouTube comments real quick
ooh whoops
it's my birthday tomorrow
happy birthday tomorrow's series life
that's what I'm saying it looks like a
cat you're all lying it does not look
like a cat
do you like pentatonix yes
can you answer youtube questions I
literally am right now are you live yes
but it is slightly delayed my teacher
has that pointer your teacher sounds
cool Emma why did you go to jail
I didn't literally never been to jail
what's the hashtag for Twitter it's in
the description of this video it's hash
tag Saturdays at Rachel's check Facebook
alright fine I'll go over Facebook see
what's new over here like 20 windows
open right now if you come on here I
will sue what deadly sin do you think
you are what you are deadly sin people
can be deadly sins I love your eyebrows
well thank you Anna L grey thank you
very much I like you all right this is
our
mad at me for being on Facebook why are
you so mean why don't you just let me
live my life
she's Louise I feel like all the
questions I'm getting are things I
literally just talked about but I miss
because it's delay I don't know we're
going back on Twitter you guys keep up
better are you gonna write back to the
people who sent you things for your
birthday
I actually did that this morning so I
just put them in the vault mailbox which
means they'll get picked up Monday so I
did that and it's the people who send a
self-addressed envelope along with the
thing that's the rule it's in month
right about the PIO box address that's
it okay so yes someone sent me a picture
of a dog with a really long tongue and
it is stressing me out
my dad just texted me mom and I are
watching the livestream cuz I miss you
hi mom my dad miss you guys too
when are you going to do a collab with
who my friend Rachel wedding is coming
to town this weekend her night steps
choose who I made all of my videos with
at the start of my youtube channel
basically and then she moved countries
so I never like stalked by a mother that
couldn't when she lived in a different
country but she's coming to town as we
get it I have a couple videos I wanna go
with her so that'll be a collab so deal
with it every time I try and collab with
anyone that I get failed on but I'm
doing youtubers react on Sunday I'm
filming so I get to do that that'll be
fun Abby says no offense but it doesn't
look like a cat I'm aware this does not
look like a cat now we're gonna just
fight against if it looks like a cat or
not how does that someone send me a
picture and outline what you think is
Kadish about this where'd you get your
pointer I actually have no idea
I probably explained it somewhere but I
don't know where I got this I've had it
for a really long time people are st.
parables
I know my parents are parent goals Pepsi
or coke coke pepsi apparently can stop
all the hate in the world instead of
doing two AAP packets do Monday and
procrastinate notice me smiles away 10
10 you should probably do your 8p
packets that is a little bit more
important than watching me although I
appreciate your views you should
probably do your work cuz I know ap
packets that that's business and it
takes time you are the most sassy I'm
sassy today I feel it in me I feel like
angering me today and I don't know why
that's all it will pass I'm making for
confetti how's your day Sophie if how
are you making it because that changes
life I remember in Colin's show and she
does let it go and the paper snow
basically goes everywhere um ripping
that up for I because when we did summer
tours and we do like 30 shows or
something I'd sit at home and rip up a
bunch of paper to make confetti instead
of just buying it because she didn't
like the pre-made snow she likes it cut
from paper and so making 30 shows worth
of snow confetti that hurts your hands
whether you're cutting it or you're
ripping it that's a lot that's a lot of
work hurts your hands
okay people are sending me what they
think looks like a cat it doesn't look
like a cat you're all crazy
okay everyone so question I'm seeing I'm
literally already answered in this live
stream will be buttheads
have you watched work 13 reasons why no
I don't think I'm going to sorry where
do you want to go kübra it see my
sister I want to go to Santa Barbara and
see my parents I want to go to
Disneyland all the times I want to go
everywhere in the places and the places
I haven't been going that many places
come trying to save my money so I've
been going on a lot of trips but I want
to go on trips again I want to go and
see things and do things cats don't have
wires right Becky right no cat has a
wire I wonder do Siamese twins pay for
one ticket or two tickets when they go
to the movies and concerts well Noah I
read that there's they're these like
very famous Siamese conjoined twins
everyone say it and when they go to the
movie they pay for two tickets because
they think they are two separate beings
so they pay for two tickets I don't know
if everyone does that but those the ones
I read about they're there they don't
try and cheat new system they are like
we are two humans and we are seeing a
movie so we are paying for two tickets
so hey someone needs to give you your
own line of flannels just saying girl
we're in a trash I'm with you on that
one
your shirt is so cute well thanks Ryan
it is from Hawaii I went back to Hawaii
it's any place I want to go
where I like everywhere clap with Lily
sings thank you ah she is never in one
spot more than 12 hours here Instagram
every day he's like thanks yeah thanks
America thanks Australia thanks England
like where are you how do you go you
don't even have enough time to travel to
those places in that span of time how
are you doing this so a little hard to
meet up with her she's how do you know
where she is right now from sake rachel
fries yes my other friend my mother
frizz rain is Rachel
so what's up Rachel's our ship name is
Rachel it's it's fun it's quad fun it's
literally the only reason we became
friends is because we had the same name
that's it
we are basic hmm are you gonna have
special merch for your tour for my live
show I'm gonna try and have special
merch but for my book tour it's just my
book that I'm selling so that's special
but that's it my cat is called sausage
Natalie I like that name good work okay
someone sent me a picture of the cat
where they think it is and I kind of see
it but only the outline because you're
out like it's like added the tail and
stuff so I'm not gonna fully believe it
what phone do you have
iPhone 6 I skipped this have you got in
the 6s or the 7 I probably want to get
the 7s I'll wait till like the iPhone 8
to get a new one
sorry guys I'm just reading comments my
dog bunker says hello your dog talks
your not speaks that's a special dog you
should film that all right let's go over
to YouTube comments
alright or don't so fast what is the
book called my book is called a hundred
ones things that piss me off
so yeah the pre-order now on Amazon and
I think Barnes and Nobles I should know
that six flags of Disneyland's greeting
from Amsterdam I think you meant to say
Amsterdam Disneyland for sure Six Flags
is fun for the thrill but it's not like
an experience like you aren't a
distillate and it's an experience and
it's a land of wonder glory six five so
I got as a band-aid oh it smells like
vomit
no but this ride is fun that's that's
Six Flags for you guys I kind of have to
poop did you go to your prom yes I did
go to my prom and I asked my date cuz he
was trying to get the goal up to ask
this sophomore head he hits like for a
month but he it was one of my good
friends and he decided trying for a
month to get up the courage to ask this
girl and then like the day he was gonna
do it someone else asked her and so he
was like womp womp I don't
it's okay we're going to prom together
he's like all right that's a my from
what I
I knew no one is gonna ask me everyone's
makes such a big deal and I was just
like I just want to go some friends so I
had a lot of fun well I do all the
youtubers go to Target don't think just
all people go to Target this is not just
a thing and I like target is everywhere
and it's an easy convenient location to
get literally to everything you need so
that's what I was obsessed with target
before I was a youtuber so I think it's
just maybe a la people are obsessed with
target everyone was I think you just see
us go to target a lot because we film
our lives and document it and other
people don't document every moment of
their lives so you don't see them going
to target all the times all right I'm
going with Facebook for the last time
and then I'm think I'm gonna in this in
about ten minutes so it's a 45 minute
long thing but I got poop sorry yeah
it's it's a thing
you guys are such butt heads on Facebook
I love you
what does the dry shampoo cling gave you
I don't remember proof of some put it in
the blog later you'll see it tomorrow
watch my blog tomorrow I'll put it in
there but I like it it smells good and
it works so it's all alright back over
to Twitter for the next nine minutes of
the poop it's letting that come out
remember when you almost want a $3,000
Target gift card on Ellen yes I do and
I'm still better about it and they did
pull me aside afterwards it gave me it
was like 50 bucks to $25 gift cards and
wanted to gift cards didn't work so I
got $25 but at least it was $25 was
everything ad what is that when I
promoted the target thing I'm gonna
promote that wish it's not a hashtag ad
if I'm not getting paid to say it don't
leave this again because you have to go
the bathroom listen Sophie when nature
calls you gotta answer okay and I would
imagine before this but you know I never
gonna like hoops are gonna hit my coops
aren't scheduled they just like I pooped
this morning about I was done but I
think it's because I'm on my period that
I need fury poops and that just happens
during the day I can't I can't contain
it and literally can't contain it in my
body much longer my parent can talk
well that is Talent
Sydnee all right the following you stop
yelling at me if my exam start Friday
when should I start studying well live
if I wanted to be a good role model I
tell you now or last week you should
start and just learn a little every day
having exams do you have that always
determined when I started studying
I always did a good two days before I
start and the day before and then the
day of but it depends how many you have
and how intense they are did you ship
the giveaway prices yet no I'm gonna I'm
gonna try and do that tonight
well just package them yeah so I did the
birthday present people but I haven't
done the giveaway people yet so that
will happen soon I promise I'll try to
get that done soon okay so Chris said my
brother call this hamster Lou but I read
it as my brother my brother is called
hamster Lou why are you calling her
brother hamster Lube that's weird
but no he named his hands for loop which
is still weird but not as we're just
calling a human hamster loop
mm people keep asking me how many
retweets for certain things I don't
think I'm gonna do that anymore that is
all over Twitter now it's like
McDonald's how many retweets for sweet
tea but for the rest of the year and
then they say never I just like and the
ones I see are like people that are
trying to get people do something good
and then I like I'll only do it
there's retweets involved like how is
that motivation I don't know I'm gonna I
don't think I'm gonna do those for how
many retweets for stuff I did it once
before and I didn't get to it I don't
think I'll do it
you should send your trash can in a
giveaway no I'm not sending my trash
that's weird
also I like Mike and I'm keepin my trash
can why would I give away something I
like did you give up I'm playing best
fiends hashtag not add for everyone was
gonna say I'm doing an ad right now I
haven't played in a little bit
they don't update their levels quick
enough so I end up not like playing and
then I forget I stopped playing candy
crush though just because when they
updated I hate the way it looks and so I
can't play it so I haven't played many
phone games maybe that's why I got this
random urge of motivation yesterday
because I haven't been playing phone
games I'm like oh I have time what
should I do
so hopefully I'm gonna try and
completely it off phone games and not
play them anymore because they take up
so much of my life um but sometimes what
I'm bored in the line have nothing to do
a play one but I'm gonna stop like
sitting and doing nothing and playing
phone games cuz that's just a waste of
life
suppose I have another game away soon
Emily I haven't been able to give away
the things I gave away the first time
give me some time girl give me some time
I hate the retweet things right there so
annoying also it's like I want my tweets
to be interesting and I don't find that
interesting
like when I'm reading through Twitter no
interested it I just picked a scab
well I'm jealous any tips to get your
grades up fast
I just keep doing well I don't think is
you mean you can ask your teacher for
extra credit but your is that's not
something like lose weight fast get
muscles fast like you can't get your
grades up fast it's a system and your
teachers have it set up so you just kind
of have to do well and hopefully get
them up you can your your grades can
plummet fast but to get them back up
that takes time which is annoying
d-didn't don't hold it you might regret
it yeah don't worry I'm going poop in
three minutes so that's all can you say
any words in Portuguese no I don't I
don't know any Portuguese say my name
are I'll kick my dog no I'm not gonna
say your name because you threatened the
health of a dog you literally just
threatened a dog I am NOT going to
support you or say your name or give you
any more attention to what I'm saying
right now the fact that you would say
that makes me angry and disgusted and
you do not deserve to own an animal of
any sort the end so once I try to
pronounce my name and their name is
spelled how I would say Killeen but your
name is probably pronounced Colleen
because that's how the rest of the world
pronounces it but for me it's clean for
you guys probably Colleen it's Matt
coming on book tour with you probably
not
do you remember salami I mean do I
remember so the meat
I remember salami what is I don't
understand what you mean clearly if
there was an inside joke of some sort I
don't remember it
all right guys 30 seconds and then I'm
signing off so I'm just gonna say things
like I love you thanks for watching
I had fun hanging out with you that's
not a cat
don't threaten to kick dogs this is like
what we learned today
corrected then Christopher's video so
but I don't have a guitar I don't know
how to play one but yeah I love you guys
thanks for watching pre-order my book
get tickets to my show and that's not at
the end of it all right well I love you
okay my
