howdy it's Thursday I just posted my man
jail video and now I went to go get food
that's iced tea not soup and then we're
going to go to Lowe's to get some boxes
can you pick out a toy meaning a tool
for the toys for us don't know what I'll
wander we're going to do our thing moldy
boxes two moves and stuff and that's
life at the moment we made it to Home
Depot it wasn't hard act as if that was
a seat okay I might have gotten the
loudest cart on the planet and this made
Matt push it you hear it
that's it but we're looking at toys now
I didn't get myself a birthday present
or matter birthday present yet so we
might just pick our birthday present
here I found what I needed boxes and
things we got boxes and stuff for the
grill I'm not satisfied I want to buy
more toys all right oh we didn't get
anything fun we just got you grow things
in some boxes so end only but now we
don't know what we're doing
I mean we're gonna move some stuff but
nothing exciting I am very tired
I had a Starbucks earlier but I think
it's like just wore off because now I'm
like did you get that it's stupid but
Heather O'Neil her maiden name is lungs
dead and I always call her lungs dead
but she got married a really long time
ago or a lot of names gonna yell but I
still have gotten used to it anyway she
texted me and it's convinced me to go to
some it is like the most hipster thing I
have ever heard of in my entire life
it's a secret location that has a secret
band that plays at a secret I don't know
one of those but she has his ticket to
some music thing that's a big secret and
she wants me to go with her and I don't
know who else but I agreed to it because
why not you know why not so I'm going to
that tonight but right now I have to
edit my vlog post that I haven't posted
a blog on couple days wanting to do that
okay posted my video I almost fell
asleep while editing I don't know why
did it I just took actually I do know
that it is yesterday I was trying to go
sleep I got in bed about 12:30
because I had every intention of wicking
of by 8:30 and all of a sudden I heard
this like it sounded like someone was
having a conversation
outside my window and my bedroom is
pretty quiet cuz I've got double pane
windows and off the busy streets so
there's not a lot of commotion that
happens but it's not like someone is
having a very loud conversation right
next to my window and it went on until
about 2:30 a.m. and I couldn't sleep I
came into my office and laid on the
floor for a bit it was so annoying and
Matt thinks that our upstairs neighbor
opened their window and was playing TV
really loud because that's kind of what
it sounded like it was the most annoying
thing in Thai world
I put an air plus I had a pillow over my
head and I could still hear it like
that's how loud it was who's so annoying
so I didn't get to sleep - like 2:30
a.m. and then I woke up at 8:50 so I got
I mean that's still a lot of sleep for a
lot of people but it's not enough I just
kind of got into a fender bender and
hurt my car so from my perspective the
lady was really nice one it was a lady
and she was very nice so at least that
part was fine but everyone physically
fine I'm still choking up I was parked
on the side of the street and there was
I was pulling out and there was no one I
look over my shoulder I look in the
rearview mirror and my lane there was no
one so I started pulling out and then as
I pulled out I didn't even see it happen
I only felt it and heard it she pulled
out and it was like half in my lane half
in the next Lane and just as I was
pulling out and it just like I just
scraped her I thought from my
perspective it seems so she was changing
lanes into the lane I was pulling out
into she said she was in the lane going
straight and tried to swerve out of the
lane to avoid me but I I'm the kind of
person that checks over my shoulder like
six times before I pull out of the spot
so I I am in awe of myself that I didn't
see her because all I saw was the bus
like in the other Lane who the only car
I saw I talked to my shoulder look in
the mirror checker my shoulder looked in
the mirror and pulled out and then but
those have insurance and there
but I mean it's an inconvenience and it
freaking sucks all right so I had it
over to this thing with Heather because
well she'll make certain to pedal over
to Heather for the hipster secret
concert thing I'm at and because I
shouldn't drive leg also and I don't
know the parking would be very
convenient for my truck but hey I have
Calibri in the drive in the meantime the
red pencil off period pimple has shown
itself one every month gosh Tonia I'm
going to go try and get into this thing
fine Heather all right so I found
Heather she's right there hi hi hi II I
might recognize this one from the
Beverly mom's belly nothing that Rollins
we're at the show thing but they can't
figure out how to turn off the radio
music above analogy it's hard I know
they can't figure out turn that off the
bands can play so we're just waiting
it's so much fun
that's killing me
you
one I did not know that you guys didn't
know what a fender bender was it is a
small accent like oh my Fender got bent
till I report my car accident insurance
people already and that's going taken
care of everything's good on the fact
that my card little messed up someone
else ooh whoops and three the people at
the concert for more challenge to deny
it will ever be musically it was not my
favorite thing I've ever done all the
songs were very dark and I'm not someone
that likes to listen to dark music I'm
like happy-go-lucky music or like oh I'm
gonna have a butt so why shake it that's
the kind of music listen to what
everyone was super talented and I
thought I went out because if I had just
stayed home after my accident I think I
would have been like and just been
stewing in that thought process so I'm
glad I went out and did something but
that's it for today thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
answering bye
