I put a truck in my truck sorry that I
haven't vlogged in two days I took up
but I have literally to the weekend
that's basically what it is in the real
world terms on diversity personal days
compared to mine time she got put down
the camera and do life a little bit
without a camera attached to you but I'm
a blogging again and today I am taking
sup over Colleen's doing slow move in
and I think we're gonna barbecue over
there later yeah I'm taking stuff I
don't ever use like Christmas
decorations and stuff slowly getting out
of my apartment
and there was this house I really wanted
to an offer and on and I was going to
buy it but the I saw it like the last
day of this like three week open house
thing and they're like we already have
like six offers so if you want to put an
offer you have to do it this second I
was like no too much pressure so much
pressure just walked away because like
Matt Adams in again and like I hadn't
done fine to slip on it I don't want to
I don't want to be that stressful
I know buying a house is stressful but
that I'm just wasn't meant to be the
hope living part of house soon but we're
moving into cleanest place in the
meantime you guys are new that and so
yeah I'm taking a little truck over you
choose a dolly in her garage that I'm
going to grab to lug boxes around
because I want to do it by hand too much
work all right let's go do life I have
mats what that's right now she's mad
love it alright I got that puppy
charging pretty sure like sprained my
neck trying to get that in here cuz like
I could put over my head and it fell on
my head then I wasn't very graceful
should I strove it in stop being scary
cut out Miranda threat I loaded up the
truck coming a dolly when you move makes
it stop do you guys see these marks on
my neck that's from the tiny trucks
wheel when I drop it on my head I told
you I dropped it and I'm not joking it
hurt a lot and there's marks to prove it
okay
need to watch my neck continuing so much
easier like I've done multiple moves
where I'm carrying just to one or two
boxes by myself up and down stairs and
wet backs but now I have a dolly that I
focal from clean don't worry clean I
break it you know I'm gonna buy you a
new one or we kind of identify it to be
updated but I put two loads in the car
and it's so much easier but I just don't
widely going to cool down and
the pair of the top contributors as
always I never win it back
I love the winner Pig you could fill it
in the ground come on bang them pigs
then another win is back I never win a
pretty compelling in the ground come on
bang them snakes but uh yeah so that's
that but I think we're gonna go over to
his place and barbecue Max and barbecue
as I unload the truck and that's all I
say about that okay over a trillion
splice I'm gonna unload the truck soon I
have like a full truck beds worth of
things in there and we're making a taco
no by we I mean that I'm watching key
and Peele while eating the guacamole and
chips that matt has provided for me so
such that salsa relates a report oh I
did get a fun toy at the store the other
day that I think I want to try out for
you guys I fart a little it wasn't loud
but it's a little bit so I officially
suck at vlogging because that's all I
had of yesterday but I did mention that
I wanted to try some toy and this is the
toy I saw this at Ralph you know how
sometimes they randomly look in cereal I
will have toys hanging and they're
really stupidly expensive well I found
this one was only three dollars but it's
alien force glows in the dark sticky
stretchy alien goo with blow tube afraid
it I genuinely have no idea what this is
but I got it like a week ago and I was
like I'm intrigued so we're just gonna
play with that today and that'll be this
vlog what break this day open and by
break I mean carefully cut okay we have
an egg of an alien neat and then we have
a blow tube as one does now what do I do
insert blow tube into the middle of an
egg size ball of goo squeeze goo tightly
around the tube so air can escape
support bubble and blowing pinch any
holes that form I don't get what this is
supposed to be or do we're supposed to
open this god this is paper others good
there's plastic okay you gotta open yes
yes yes yes did it what is this
what Oh God okay sticking it in an alien
it's so goopy but it feels good
that's what she said Oh God okay okay
that didn't work
it just blew a hole on the bottom half
okay no try this again how do you city
so sticky come on I'm doing I don't get
what this toy is okay guys you've done
this strat okay it just keeps blowing a
hole out the other side
nope I don't get what this toy is what
is it supposed now my hands are just all
sticky it's hatching on me here we go
let's try this one seal its seal gonna
put some strength around it
yeah so don't hum while I do it I don't
get what this toy is what's the goal I
thought it was going to be like the
alien would be able to like play around
and that emptiness Oh why I don't get
what this toy is I spent three dollars
on this and I have no look I'm just
taking an alien out maybe the aliens was
messing it up because when the kid blows
it up there's no alien in it and I just
just part of it
oh I have an alien little toy because as
a child apart I saw this and immediately
wanted it but I don't know why there's
no happiness involved in the actual toy
itself just the packaging okay that's
right I don't get what the goal is what
is the goal because right now I just
have sticky hands and a sad heart I
don't get it made a bubble what's the
next step guys I give up with this toy I
didn't even know the goal this thing
acts like you're gonna get a really cool
like bubble and aliens going to be over
like play in that bubble think they got
us an alien I think he tricked us into
thinking with something good and it's
not good for either of us it's not good
for your living conditions not good for
my soul I give up I go up alright well
also last night I was I had every
intention of seeing if my eyelashes grew
from the coconut oil but of course I
forgot to do that I had every intention
of doing it throughout the day but then
I just didn't do it so I'll do that in
tomorrow's vlog I haven't flown in
coconut oil and Vaseline on the
eyelashes every day I have no idea
they're growing or not they've got
mascara on them so I'll do a comparison
on next vlog I love you guys thanks for
putting up with me and see you later
alright
