Happy Easter
it's Easter Sunday it's Easter Sunday
this is the Sun I am putting gas in the
truck and then I'm heading over to
Christian and Jessicka Bailey is
throwing a Easter party don't I know
what to expect what I know have fun my
parents will be there I think it's just
gonna be a shell hangout I don't think
it's like a huge thing another throwing
an Easter egg hunt hopefully I get to
participate because you know I'm good at
finding things but that's about it for
my plan for today hope you guys are
having a good Easter I don't really know
if you are because I won't post this
till Monday so you won't even be able to
respond to me till these features over I
just got to sunshine cafe that's dry and
sunshine cafe and we are about to eat
Bailey has planned the entire menu yes
there is the head chef for so this is
the menu yeah I need this hey this is
Jacob and OH
they've got multiple things this one to
me is whatever you want okay thank you
mate 4d oh this is the cafe sign
sunshine cafe kids thank you love it
this is the kids menu activities of the
day and the main menu hey Chris firm
hello look at spiffy thank you you're
welcome
okay yeah happy fourth so apparently the
Easter Bunny showed up while we were
eating how clean oh good we're all
facing the window
yeah ajik are you weren't speaking that
way she was facing the other way buddy
the plastic eggs - pink ones are
Bailey's the blue ones are Jacob and the
yellow ones are partners you find so oh
did you hurt yourself my heart oh girl
I'm so sorry New England I'm all just
good - Meg I love I have a feeling no
one is going to find this one
to
all of them
I don't think so Bailey I think you're
missing one I see it right now send my
eyesight
there's more there's one more there you
go
parker's this your hard-boiled egg sorry
I just didn't think your eyes can see up
there found it all by yourself
oh did you find one yeah you could hunt
this here why not like what is this is
the dead creature and I think it's a
nest of some sort don't touch isn't it
it catches our bottom on my foot
calm down that doesn't make it better
Parker wants to hide them again we're
not the Easter Bunny buddy we can't hide
them again we're your eggs filled with
bro
Legos Legos okay ish you also help
so these Easter eggs don't have candy in
them they've got Legos in them which i
think is pretty epic I would have I
would have enjoyed that as a child smart
Easter Bunny Hey to be a grown-up egg
hunt we're getting up to eight right now
okay I don't know any nothing maybe
they're onto us are there things in the
night oh there's things enough okay so
the kids hid all of the eggs again and
the adults are gonna find him and
whoever finds the most went right yup
you got some exactly
I'm involved in they're good at hiding
servers our gut it's very fitting in San
here boy where do you see what I feel it
I found it
Parker's better so because he hid it I
visited three war oh I'm not a big one
no Christmas around until I found a
yellow that's the way I go one of you
has overlooked it off completely already
yes
don't look at me really look if you fold
it to tell me where enemy and Jake
difficulty shouldn't really be hiding
stuff okay so we found all the eggs and
now we're going to open them up and tell
us some kids put inside what yours were
you like hid them under things and
inside of bushes and under the dirt why
is Christopher gave up and came and
played with the Lego said I gotta give
up i won
you cannot win I got the most eggs all
right I have one two three four five
I've got 21 Christopher what do you got
thanks kids are setting up our Easter
egg hunt well we got more games
yeah one two three oh five six
a24 yes sir
hey we're doing a water balloon - why
are you throwing it like that we were
doing race Oh father of the Year award
I don't know getting me wet that's the
rule wait
Oh oh my gosh
all right you always roads out you just
plop
yeah buddy your hot water balloon is
gonna get wet are we allowed to do this
I guess that's why I look at you bro
I'll bet it on
it's real meeting up he's making them
grow having there was enough the other
way alright I'll turn it off you guys
want to you want a warm shower or
something right now I am home from the
Christopher and Jessica's house the kids
are really cute and we had a fun Easter
it was chill I think that's the smallest
Easter party we've ever had but it was
it was fun the kids planned the whole
thing they did a really good job kudos
to those children they are epic but now
I have to edit some videos I have my
Tuesdays and Thursday videos sound I
just need to edit them I'm seeing more
houses tomorrow so I got to get things
done cuz I'll be busy mom that's how
yes
mm-hmm
