good morning it is Friday
it's Good Friday happy Good Friday to
you my dad and I landed in Orlando at
7:00 a.m. last night that's more this
morning this morning and we took a
two-hour nap so altogether that two and
a half hours of sleep but we're going to
go fuel up get some breakfast and then
I'm going to come back and we're going
to figure out our day going to the Star
Wars conference that vlog of the
conference the vlog of the conference
will be on my main channel on Thursday
no my arms tight I'm asleep
good bye you feel feel feel feel feel
sorry just ate and when you go to a
hotel and they're like oh there's
breakfast in the morning over there and
you go and the buffet looks like this
you automatically think oh this is free
because it's dinky we're done I loaded
up our plate sat down to eat and then
another lady came in a she's I've got a
coupon for the breakfast is that okay
yeah so it's a $22 each $22 for that
plate I just 24 there's 24 seconds for
that plate that I just think what I was
not that much money worth
we've fueled now we're going to go
upstairs and figure out our life all
right we're about to go to the
convention center so I need to start
vlogging through the main channel vlog
and then I'll see you guys later tonight
when we're out of they were very reason
my dad planned our day to see he's very
proud of himself he did not do that
he loves the conventions that are
scheduled that's him all right so I'll
see you guys later tonight when I'm out
of the Convention Center love you hello
honest tonight started already I think I
did yeah I already started this vlog I'm
out of it I took a nap so like I don't
know what day it is but we're done with
the convention for today so we're headed
over to football Wild Wings coconut
there's a NBA game to wash so that's
what's going on so far we have your day
today you'll see it all on Thursday my
main channel
mr. Croker y'all laugh at me so I wanted
to come here to watch them in da game
but then I realized the playoffs don't
start yet so we're just have Buffalo
Wild Wings for the food that's weird
are you gonna read it no I want you to
read it
resit so we got back from wallowing for
like let's order to dessert and so we
ordered what my dad's about to read
apples galette I don't know what that
was like vanilla bean ice cream cinnamon
and caramel sauce is the entire
description so apple pie with vanilla
ice cream caramel and cinnamon this is
what we got what is this this is like a
7-eleven taken microwave thing where's
the ice cream this is the fit the end
there's a ripoff dad took a lot I called
down and then they hung up on me then
they called me back and I sending up the
ice cream but come on who would order
chocolate cake and a pie and expect
there not to be ice cream involved I
mean it's in the description of the menu
but give me my ice cream just like a
normal thing you look at that and you go
there there should be ice cream with
that like you just think about it also
there's a kid in the hall playing with a
basketball and I am NOT a fan hey it's
what I say so when I was at my parents
last I left my vlogging charger and I'm
a no-tell wrote and I plugged my battery
charger into the wall and my dad made
these nice little signs for me so I
wouldn't forget them
how thoughtful thanks that so my dad and
I wanted waffles
so we're like oh no this place called
Friendly's across the street yeah there
was nobody in there like it was there
were a couple servers but never giving
it 3/4 tbsp
and like okay table for two again that's
going to be a 16 minute wait
just sit down why likes me I'm just
supposed to tell you that the place was
empty so like let us go to Denny's
across the street we voted Denny's and
Dennis was like he has a 15 minute wait
but there were like 60 people waiting
for tables like 15 is more like than 15
minutes we're like we'll just go
somewhere else we walked a mile and then
we ended up at the convention center and
my dad was like why don't we just go to
high it it just clicked a hotel across
the street and see if they have
something they had no weight and we're
getting our Belgium off that one I was
so hungry still trouble my go too far
walk guys have been here for like 45
minutes
and I know for a fact that waffles don't
take more than 10 minutes to make why
you never don't forget me a waffle
people the drop had her baby and my mom
was asleep for it she's gonna be so good
since she wakes up guys I got my waffle
but if you know me you know I eat
blueberries with the passion
actually the only loss on their menu is
waffles with bacon and pecan and I said
I don't want that kind of a waffle with
just strawberries on top of course
kind of swamp adventure is the worst
waffle that trip ever - screw you
blueberry through you how you doing over
there that no scissors
hello blueberries I hope typo it's up
the whole people based activities and
insightful are so grateful conventions
over and we're heading home father
I hope it's the home we built our plan
has already been delayed
we're left the hotel we're on email at
30 minutes late I think you should carry
one of those fights this is gonna give
its name changing okay also the driver
over dere Twitter for hold on to the
handrail this all will be departing
voluntarily for 850 Suriname whether you
call Central Florida home for your
favorite wrestling penalty overturns ooh
girl handle up what yeah both were they
were I don't want a so much haha there's
business easily for that either pushed
or later verified our Argentine now I
don't want to come back with Florida
here I was gonna say the driver on the
way over here his car smelled like old
cat poop my dad doesn't smell it so with
only on Phil might buy a car that's what
my old captain
it was the ropes
like fun
hello I am home I had so much fun
Orlando with my dad she and I did which
is awesome all time we had a pleasant
time together I want to say on the
flight home there was a kid next to me
in one row and friend who was gagged
coughing every thirty seconds to one
minute the entire five hour flight I
will demonstrate exactly what four five
hours
this kid did and you cheers dad everyone
was like stop it and he just kept doing
it and the second the plane landed he
stopped doing it and he wasn't doing
before the flight either because I was
around him in the boarding area and we
walked on the plane together and before
the plane took off he was completely
fine it was just while he's in the air
he can't cost gagging I wanted to be
like kid either go in the bathroom and
throw up or cop all at once and get it
all out whatever gunk is in your throat
out of your mouth and stop it I was had
my headphones on
I had a full blast I could still hear
him it was so girls making me wanna gag
and there was someone who actually threw
up two rows behind me and I did not care
because they got it all out one thing
and they were done and I was like fine I
don't care about their vomit
literally all over the floor of the
plane they vomited everywhere we hide
there's a blanket when we left the plane
there's a blanket cover yet we had to
leap over the blanket to get on the
plane I didn't mind that person vomiting
it was this kid that's right good good
Rick just he was totally fine he was
completely mine just coughs gagging I
don't think this kid was ever taught how
to cough I didn't know people had to be
taught how to call anyway that kids just
you got my last first anyway so that's
it for this vlog thank you guys for
watching again I had so much fun thanks
dad for going in me to Orlando I love
you we'll see you guys tomorrow
