I don't know if you guys can hear me or
even see me hello I got a tweet this
little mental folklore oh did you uh is
it going so notification look what my
name is
yeah no no we're trying to sided the
photograph I was interacting sign into
code sorry guys this is the worst lie
she remembers sex twice I've had a lot
of bad dreams
sorry guys I'm trying to log into my
Twitter so I changed my password
yesterday
hold on tweet this rude
okay so here's the finger box today give
me the right link oh my gosh let's see
if it goes to it yep dad stops watching
it's just such a okay so we are we
stayed at this hotel but then we had to
check out at noon and then we went to
the convention center and then I'm done
with what I need to do there's one came
by here but our cars not picking
yourself another 30 minutes so I'm in
the lobby I will not be allowed today so
for all of you who hate when I'm loud
this is your moment but what's a hot
let's hang out it's only gonna be a half
hour livestreams as I said we have a car
could use up the airport I'm flying home
tonight how we can here is done Easter
is tomorrow I think she's making the
most noise on purpose
also he has no customers I am talking on
my lip I just ate a cookie can you hear
that
oh hello hello uh all right let's do the
hash tag Saturdays at Rachel's so last
chance seven is a Regis what's on my
shoes yeah I stepped in something
get it off that don't can you smell it
hey are you taking my shoe off yeah well
you get it off good think you'd actually
get it off are you gonna clean it he's
gonna beat my shoe up on the asphalt
father there's a bad word at the
beginning of what it's not my fault it's
my fault if I stuck in something
all right let's see what we got
I'm not gonna go over to Facebook we
don't have enough time for me to go do
all of the social media so I think we're
just gonna do Twitter today sorry
hi I'm in the car thank you for the
warning listen sorry I didn't even know
if I'd be able to livestream today I was
kind of stressing out about it and then
I just magically had this half-hour with
some slightly decent internet so I just
went for it so you can't be mad at me
for the no warning okay
I didn't even have warning myself I'm
just reading all your comments no
pointer today it's I don't have my
pointer today because I'm not in LA I
will be back in LA tonight
strangers launching me just people how
long does it take for the sticker to
ship PS can't wait for them to come out
I got a pre-order I have no idea I'm not
in charge of those stickers I signed
them and then I sent them back to my
publishers and they're in charge of
sending them out to you guys so I have
no knowledge on that no information to
give you and I apologize for that
do you consider yourself a Muser what's
the music then musically I'm not am user
I like addicted
I like doing the live please I posted a
few music Lee's alright I think they're
decent I treat Amar's vine my father's
back with my shoe oh it won't slip on
like that you gotta untie it stuff in a
strawberry look at my father's putting
my shoe on for me
I have a sock on so wiki feet can't get
me come on father you're taking such a
long time this is don't come outside Oh
Ella action awkward live-streaming there
I feel extremely awkward because usually
oh I'm by myself
but I can't be as weird I guess I can be
as weird I marry I like a book tour they
okay my publishers keep alien emailing
me you like soon will know the dates
soon will know the places and then I
never hear from them again until they
email me again saying soon learn all the
places and we'll have to date so your
guess is as good as mine people if you
weren't a youtuber what would you be um
god what what do you think I'd be if I
wasn't a youtuber right now he's staring
at me no I wouldn't be working for
Colleen I don't think so I think I'd be
a goal is to be a cop but in this day
and age I don't know if that would be
the best career choice for me oh you
guys can see yourself Fox on the morning
the morning sucks what do you mean in
the morning the morning is the worst
time of the day except for the time you
have to get ready for bed because that
time sighs in time you'd to get ready
for something I think is the worst time
of the day getting ready for the day and
then getting ready for bed the worst
times because it's not fun there's
nothing fun he is clinking every glass
that he came
and not like screaming children how do
you opinions on those direct-to-dvd
Disney sequels I didn't know they did
that they do sequels and don't even put
them in the movie theaters can't do well
oh my dad knew about it my dad is more
hip than me the other day I asked him if
you know what Instagram themes were and
he did and he explained them perfectly
for me
my dad has more heads than me he stays
current names please listen I don't want
to say your names because I'll forget
and then only some people got their name
set and then some people feel excluded
for the booger now when you gonna check
your Peele box next your present came
late um my mom has probably checked it
and I'll see her tomorrow so she'll
probably bring me stuff I'll text her
after this and make sure she brings me
my things she's a little busy watching
and called the giraffes new baby who's a
boy she's not watching the livestream
she would have texted me by now she was
she texted me throughout the livestream
one she what I'm live-streaming uh no
she's probably watching the de RAF way
more important than me yeah but it's
learning how to walk and stuff there's a
wobble around did you do you tell you
that I saw hi just says hi my dad says
hi Jess you just said head hips you're
definitely not hip anymore Rachel did I
ever claim to be hip okay
I'm not hip my dad thinks are the most
hip about the children oh I mean look at
my siblings that's not really something
that never mind none of us are hip
we were raised by my father so
it's been a year since I've been
verified on Twitter what just like I'm
in verified played look I'm gonna be
just in my heart I knew I was verified
the whole time tell us about your trip
your mission trip to Mexico and you're
younger oh that is it's story time video
you remember when I did a missions trip
to Mexico I think that should be a story
time video it was I kept a journal the
whole time it was the worst trip ever
not because it was like nothing he gets
next or anything everyone I met there
was fine it was both but it was my
school who organized it and the people
that were on the trip we're terrible
human beings and I went there to be like
two missions trip being like let's go do
good and I went there and I think he did
more bad than good and it was the worst
thing in my life I think I'm gonna make
a whole story time video about that I've
never done the story time cuz I'm like I
don't have any huge stories already told
you guys everything that is something
once if I dig up the journal from it I
think I'll do a story time that would be
like a flirty been a long story time you
guys won't understand how crazy that
trip was oh what is the plot of Star
Wars I've never seen Star Wars you can't
tell the whole plot oh no I guess you
can't there's the good guys and the bad
guys and then they fight and there's the
force it keeps changing guys there's
like ten how many movies are there nine
ten mister nine or ten twelve sixty
forty three they made seven and an added
rope one and then they're making another
one and then there should be another one
after that they're so rude but basically
there are the Jedi's that had the force
and they're really good people and then
there's the Empire
that is on the dark side with the force
and their back and then they are always
fight and then that's it hope that's
about it have you started to clean
lately texted her last night
Alma lived long days we text a lot and
then there's sometimes she doesn't
respond for three days but she will
eventually respond she's just busy
Easter plans when hang out up a fan BAM
I like to talk Thanks
clean gave it to me for my birthday it's
got the strings and there's some strings
involved this is my top it's the new
fashion next so great good anyone see
Mitch did photo shoot was it provoked I
don't know tools for it but Mitch from
pentatonix the photo shoot and they put
red lipstick over his line and it don't
kind of look like Miranda lipstick and I
know he's a fan of Miranda so I'm gonna
confuse this who he wasn't like guys no
no I don't know he looked good
I'm a huge fan of his but the makeup was
a little questionable and that's in that
shoot someone just sent me a picture of
the squirrel
hello squirrel how you doin tell your
publishers North Carolina's better be on
the tour dates okay you guys were a
really long time ago like right after I
released the book I asked you guys what
cities you were from and then the cities
that I saw multiple time I've did the
top 20 cities so the cities I saw the
multiple time there's a list of 20 of
them that like we're constantly up I
said that a list of those 20 cities and
then a few extra that I just wanted to
go to like a life and then they're also
looking at places that have pre-ordered
a bunch and then with that I think
they're gonna send me
I don't know how many places are sending
you probably like just 10 in all honesty
because they don't want to pay for my
flights because publishers are cheap
they're pretty cheap but yeah so that's
how we decide where we go oh I just
clicked on someone Dalia I just
accidentally clicked on your page oh
won't let me leave oh now I'm stuck at
the last page I'm back is your shirt
from Target I don't know cleaned out it
for me so it's probably either from
Target forever 21 or H&M the only three
places she shops guys I love the
pictures that I can't talk about
pictures cuz you guys can't see them I
say chicken wing what about chicken
wings my dad my chicken wings last night
we went to Buffalo Wild Wings all
excited to watch like the NBA Playoffs I
need some chicken wings and then like
idiots we forgot that then boom playoffs
don't start till today so I'll be on an
airplane hopefully they have cable on
the airplane you never know hopefully
they do strike and watch them basketball
I don't think I'm really probably Boston
coz of Matt cuz it would just make him
so happy and since I don't care about
this round I don't care about anyone I
just don't want the Warriors to win I
just pissed off so many people but I am
NOT a Warriors fan you guys have all the
best people on your team and you still
lost to LeBron
from just Jesse from prank vs. prank
I'm pretty sure it just like Frank
versus Frank way to go I'm pretty like
I'm a hundred percent certain I mean I'm
probably completely wrong but it will
gain you're at this hotel right now
that was weird I kinda wanna go find him
it's probably not him dad go find a guy
and take a picture he has a black hair
it's like kind of short on the sides and
longer kind of gels on the top right
here his black hair
I don't remember I just said I think you
just got a little scruff going on like
that's what I'm gonna try and find a
person with the description I just named
it take a picture no I don't know no it
don't say his name just sneakily
be a ninja dad come on I swear I have no
idea where I got my ninjas from because
no one in my family is a ninja I just
sent my dad to take a candid photo
that's probably a complete stranger
how are your eyelashes going you guys
didn't know I've been trying like home
remedies for my eyelashes and they look
the same
I'm putting it on every single night but
I just looks the exact same
are you still doing that if I answer
your questions I'll follow you things
never a thing that was never I don't
think I've ever said that before my life
but I mean if you just say hey we follow
me I love you a lot I'll follow you
that's about it my daddy's been gone a
really long time so basically I don't
know what else I thought he was wrong
before it's about a thing oh you know
what it was probably trying to be sneaky
so interested I should be a Mets fan no
I'm a Dodgers fan and I don't care about
baseball that much to switch now that
she's people on the bunch do you believe
in the Mandela effect
um he totally says Luke I am your father
okay I was all about them and they'll
infect and I was talking to my dad about
it I was like I was I'm six blank and I
was like it's like you know how you it's
like Luke I'm your father but the actual
saying doesn't have the word they're
saying
Luke in it and my dad was like that's
because it's from Tommy Boy I was like
what and explained to me that Tommy Boy
said Luke I am your father because
otherwise no one would get the reference
and so everyone just grab it from that
and I don't know I think I'm intrigued
by the Mandela effect I don't know if I
truly believe or just ordinary dissing
disbelief not believe in it but it's
interesting okay my father has
disappeared
I'm gonna text it I'm not texted in this
whole trip all right I texted him he's
still gone he's like on a mission did
you get it he didn't even get it he's
been gone this long
oh my god my dad's phone is out of
storage and so the whole time he's over
there he's trying to delete things so he
could take a picture and by the time his
camera was ready I think I walked away
so my dad is the worst than the entire
world I declared it
spire car oh it much rather be a spy
than a cop I love being sneaky what's
the best Shrek out of all the Shrek's
the original the originals are always
better than anything else
you can't ever like really beat the
originals name is my life don't be judgy
honey okay listen - hmm - but I'm just
saying my sister only shots at those
three stores I basically only shop at
those three stores as well
I'm poking fun at all of us for doing
that for sure it's more than $20 I will
buy it just the rule if it's long-sleeve
I might bump it up to $25 but the
expensive okay it was making fun of me
the way I look when I read my tweets I'm
concentrating I'm trying to make sure I
read it correctly
and sometimes you guys are evil in your
comments so I have to make sure I read
it all before I start saying it out loud
people don't like the original Shrek
okay guys the original shrek is the best
we did see a dart shred okay people we
went to the Star Wars convention and
there are people that have morphed
dislike the ice we saw a Jack Sparrow
Jedi a Shrek Darth Vader a big bird
Darth Vader baby watch stormtroopers I
didn't quite understand it I get the
people dressing up
but I didn't understand why they were
mixing it with things that had nothing
to do with Star Wars so that was weird
would you rather be an egg or a potato
potato I'm reading don't make fun my
face isn't our reading up the NBA is on
I'm watching it on PT sports ESPN now
the bartender has soccer on which is
yeah just football to the rest of the
world so I can't watch it I know I could
hack into Matt's DIRECTV account but if
he's using it and then bump him off not
gonna risk it he's most definitely using
it
can you explain what happened with the
girl on the plane she seemed sad okay
you guys saw tweeted the other day my
dad and I we got first-class okay I got
sent out in your Brando and they I
didn't ask for it they just got his
first boss Jesus it wasn't even a
requirement but right when I saw you at
Chris glass I immediately thought about
the fact that like Tana had that
incident where someone told her to be
quiet in first class with her mom and
she went ballistic on them the whole
story time about it well I thought about
that girl when I saw it was first class
I think what would happen if someone
told me to show she's like I don't you
know what I would do and then I'm not
joking I was on the plane and my dad and
I are chit-chatting having a grand old
time were so excited about the weekend
we were planning my live show we
literally plan my entire life show on
the plane and
it's yeah it's gonna be awesome so the
plane takes off and so we're so like
it's like taking off and my dad and I
still talking having a good yeah we're
really in it wasn't right as the plane
was taking off like right as the wheels
took off like it started going back into
the place she's been so attached can you
keep it down I obviously immediately
filled with rage because we weren't
screaming the plane is loud so I was
talking at a louder volume so that we
could hear each other but we weren't
like screaming or being louder than
anyone else on the plane and I was like
oh and then she put a juice a/c about it
that is why Jamie picture of me anyway
so she tossed me and she's like can you
keep it down and I was like my dad looks
at me he goes well why did she say so
she told us to keep it down and then we
just kind of stare each other discern
blasting of laughing we were like afraid
to talk and I didn't I wasn't gonna
cause the scene just because there was
no need to I don't know but and I was
like okay you know maybe she is trying
to say my dad is like I hate that when I
am on a plane and people are talking
really loudly and I'm trying to sleep
okay I get that I'm not looking I need
and she's just watching a TV show she's
not even sleeping I think it's just
people in first class
are uh snooty there are a little worse
maybe because I've been on a billionaire
place that's an exaggeration I've been
on hundreds
oh my gosh are people shooting over
there I'm not gonna tap on there so just
keep keep it down
Lebanon so many airplanes and I've never
had never even seen that happen and I'm
been loud on airplanes and no one's ever
told me to keep it down or anything so I
think it's first-class people are very
snooty I expect to have a perfect
experience and they want to be the only
people in the plane I think that's got
my dad night is like each other like
I've ruined the mood it made a good
story but yeah I wasn't gonna make a
scene but I was very angry about it she
ruined the mood my dad never having such
a good time we stopped planning the live
show because of her so if you only got
half the show she's the reason one okay
my laptop's gonna die
so I'm gonna sign off there just a hair
just connected to my hand right now and
it's getting really loud in here people
are screaming including me
but someone sign up I love you guys
thanks for watching I'm gonna go see if
that was Frank versus Frank what I
closed this I love you guys
