hey you tonight I'm actually going on an
adventure
uh-huh I'm going on a trip adventure
with my father released tonight so I got
things to get down at or brand deal
which will be on my main channel so
don't worry this is anything Conan is on
main channel please don't we mean I
guess that doggy cuz I get that a
phallus or get that Mouse
anyway but right now I'm going to edit
of my vlog I already posted in my
Rachel's room I need to take off his
nail polish because hunty he's given up
I was on a mount takes like two three
weeks and then I'm like work because
when you do put your nails you can't
touch anything for a while and I'm
always touching but I didn't get some
work done before I leave okay I'm
currently packing up for this weekend I
want to keep doing the coconut oil and
Vaseline things that I promised you guys
yesterday then I'll keep up with to see
if it work but I'm not going to travel
with this because I don't want to check
any bags of athlete in the coconut oil
with this outside mainly why about it
because they're tiny
okay okay I didn't think true I'm going
to scoop this I think I'm just gonna use
my fingers just to yep we're doing it
okay get in there yep yep yep
no no I'll drop it oh goodness okay now
I'm all oily this is a mess oh I don't
have a towel in here I get off my chair
oh oh
I'm back alright coconut oil is done if
you with me and then the basses Oh
probably not sanitary I just stick my
hand on these that's good
I'm not going to go that long believe me
little innie alright so I'm all packed
up and stuff but Matt and I see dinner
to revert cleans barbecuing and my dad
is going to meet me here and I haven't
told you everyone warned Orlando I'm
going to a sing Orlando for brand ale so
my dad and I will be there for the
weekend I won't be able to vlog what I'm
doing cuz you'll have seen on my main
channel but obviously I'm still going to
be vlogging and stuff and my father's
going to be with me win
dinner was delicious as always and my
dad should be here soon and we're going
to the airport I'm trying to find the
airs like I'm not Julian but you find an
airplane that's boxing out this car
we're in mad traffic I did not realize
that it was Good Friday meeting people
were going to go home for Easter and
stuff so the traffic is really bad right
now
we left early though oh the car drove
away the cotton front of someone else
too far away my daughter's here Matt's
an airport where for so in pep you mine
when people don't lock the bathroom
stalls I know what you're gonna say
Rachel I took your all maybe Rachel now
I know what you're going to say you're
going to be like hey Rachel
maybe the lock is broken they know not
happening this is what just happened me
I wouldn't the bathroom and half the
stalls are out of service and then the
other half would lock except one and I
had that I had feelings there's got to
be someone in here it's not this lucky
that it's open so I slowly push the door
open and no one said anything and I was
like okay so I open it all the way and
there is this old lady just peeing on
the toilet okaying she's all the toilet
peeing and I just looked up to me and I
oh I'm sorry and she just kind of smiled
stood up pulled her pants up and then
walked away and then I went into the
stall and it locked perfectly
so this old lady just decided to be and
not lock the door and not say anything
when I open the door anyway right we're
on the plane
there's less on the plane we've done it
we've made it onto the plane so this is
the plane then we're on it if you just
speak for the plane
you're early oh yeah alright we've made
it to our hotel room I'm going to end
this vlog so I'm gonna take a nap I
might wake up and edit this and then go
do our thing guys thanks for watching it
live stream tomorrow you're all
beautiful pop my
