it's a party let me tweet tweet and then
post the snap I had that ready I had a
ready program and set so I could just
boom is done right when it happened
I've been doing nothing for the past
like hour so I've been a snit but I mean
like a dinner and then I was playing on
my phone watching sports so I haven't I
need to get it out I gotta get the
energy in the journal in it going I got
some coffee drinking it out of a mug
that one of you lovely humans gave me I
forgot which one I apologize but I
appreciate mug how's everybody doing I
should insta story right today I'm gonna
do things a little bit really I'm gonna
repeat this multiple times so people are
going to come in so sorry for people
here at the beginning that has hear this
a bunch I'm also gonna be responding to
comments on my last Instagram post also
why are you there DoubleTap it come on
face like why not let me post that I'm
here I'll let you see me take my picture
swipe up to hang out and then I have to
find the leak hold on okay I don't get I
guess there are boogers but they're like
crusty but then I like a book because
when you think about a booger it's like
that's a booger there's nothing right
there but like you know what I'm talking
about like that's a booger but sometimes
I just feel like the slot is kinda crust
it's not a booger to crust I always put
this on the side of my nose always
really annoying and then I'm not picking
my nose cuz I'm just wiping the sides
above but I guess it is a booger cuz
it's made of the same thing I don't know
it's perfect
oh it's gonna do that thing copy link I
thought I was all set but I forgot about
is the story
like always I look like I'm having a lot
of fun
in this one okay let's stop first I'm
gonna chitchat with Twitter for a second
go to my notifications no hashtag
there's no need for it
just at me miss our baller how's
everybody doing is everyone here okay
people hang out wow this is a big group
of us just chillaxing on a Saturday
night nothing better to do this is the
best we got is each other
hashtag no hashtag just because dang it
Rachel one time I can't watch hey I gave
so much warming warning today for me
that's not global warming to think no I
give so much warning today which is
amazing because I usually just go and
then don't give any warning and just
happen and then everyone's like Rachel
you're the worst
I gave fair warning on my Instagram it's
not my photos me not following my
Instagram if you have a lot of warning
today which was weird but I felt like I
needed to plan it and then I did after
dinner and I did not do my makeup for
any of you it's okay this is it he's
going away but she's doing that thing
where it's just a different color than
the rest of my skin the next like week
and then it'll fade away all right let's
chitchat guys wait I don't like that I
like when it's a Twitter party what
listen Becca
it is a Twitter party but we're invited
Instagram to the party because sometimes
they get left out okay so we're gonna
just read some comments on Instagram in
a minute it's a Twitter party it's the
Instagram party listen let's all be one
let's just we're one big happy family
it is weird they like you guys when you
have family parties it's usually like
one side of your family like your dad's
side or than your mom's side and then
it's like or the first time they like go
together it's a little weird you're like
there's two there's two just normal now
for us but it took a while like one of
my family is used to like go together
bag hey what's happening that's one side
of family that's the other side of the
family why are you mention I feel like
that's what's happening now it's Twitter
and Instagram
you're both my family's it's just like
the mom side and the data side and like
when you meet it's like oh this is weird
I've got lots of different cousins does
anyone feel that way or is that just me
never bite I'm gonna be late it's okay
Hayden I forgive you finals next week
but this Sarah wait finals
don't mind music I'm wearing sports bras
what I was feeling
vitals are things is school done soon
what's happening why are the finals
why are the finals in January I mean I
was on block system in high school so I
guess we had finals in January but for
me finals is like end of the year but
that it's high school that makes sense
and college never mind you your make
sense my brains just not working I
haven't done school in a very long time
can you notice I'm with a friend
watching a movie I'll watch it later if
she actually Amanda you said after but I
just replaced it with later because
that's what my brain thought you were
gonna say so I didn't even bother
reading the rest of your sentence I just
decided what it was gonna say do you
guys watch live streams later do if you
miss a live stream live do you just
refuse to watch it later I have an issue
with watching live streams when they're
not live like I had to say I missed it
that's it it's a time there's no way I
could ever be a part of it is it and I
don't even comment during live streams
when they are live I just kind of watch
them a little creeper in the background
do you guys have an issue with that
obviously I'm a little rather watch it
live so they can't participate but are
you like me were like once it's over
you're like I just I'm not gonna bring
myself to watch it cuz I'm a terrible
person but that's kind of how I feel
refreshing where's your dog Olivia I put
in to sleep on the couch that's you
can't say I put 1/8 like an animal to
sleep because if it just kind of sounds
morbid
I tucked him in and he is taking his nap
on the couch and he'll probably wake up
about 10:00 p.m. and run around in
circles but I thought it's nice to just
have a relaxing livestream he will
prompt if I get loud enough so come
knock on the door but anyway he had a
dude oh because I'm really bad at having
the post in my vlogs I've been filming
them I'll post the footage tomorrow but
in that he has a training session with a
new trainer who worked wonders
day today I worked in the garage I
didn't vote today but I had the garage
door open and then there's a laundry
room between the garage in the kitchen
and I opened the laundry room door and
he he was allowed to sit in the laundry
room but he wasn't allowed to come in
the garage because he came to the garage
he could just built out to the street so
he sat and stayed and the laundry room
the whole time the garage doors right
open man they are walking around
cleaning doing stuff building things
working on things they just stand there
and a dog walk past and he just kind of
whimper girls like play with that dog
but he didn't love and like children on
my bike who's such a good just because
his trainer taught me a few different
methods that's amazing and that I'm just
so happy so happy anyway as a proud mom
moment my dog my dog chill um my dad
texted me I'm sorry guys but my dad my
dad's important I'm picking him up - yes
- okay see my dad tomorrow okay sorry
when your father texted you pas that
right thing do a DM spreed please end
things I did use with you I just did an
idea but how did people last week I'll
do another one soon I like doing them
but sometimes it's like an hour later
and I'm like okay I'm tired and then
people get all mad at me cuz I've
stopped I'm like my figure is entire I
can only write so much hold on sorry my
dad text me again alright refreshing
relax refreshing then I'm gonna go over
to Instagram comments on my last
Instagram picture and read comments from
there I've never done it before our live
stream I thought I'd try it okay place
is a good boy Wow right Abby like so
good and it's just cuz are just the
different training techniques and it
worked for him everyone learns
differently I've always said this that's
why I hate public school systems cuz
everybody learns differently and so
everyone kept teaching me the same thing
to do with him and it just wasn't
working in this one guy was like not try
this test
any plans of getting another dog well
Marcus I probably won't but I have been
really bugging mad about it and we've
gone to conclusion that probably may be
my birthday but I have to install a
doggie door first because right now we
just leaving doors open and then we have
to close and open it's just a whole mess
I need to get a doggie door installed
but I don't want to do another sliding
glass door ones I don't put what an
adornment like so I have to get one of
those like really nice ones that you
literally just cut a hole in your entire
house in the inside drywall and the
stucco outside and you put a doggie door
in that and it just seems like a huge
task that I'm scared of oh I'm fine
tearing with holes in the drywall but
I've never in my life made a hole in the
outside wall of a house that seems like
a big deal I may hire someone to do this
and teach me while they do it
the people that helped me with my house
have to hate me because I'll hire like a
plumber or electrician to just sew like
I'm like I don't know what this is
so I hire people to help me every once
in a while and I'm like okay now teach
me while you do it
like so no I'm like hovering over their
sole because I don't want to learn I
don't want to just have them do it and
then me not know for the next time so
anyway someone's gonna teach me how to
drill a hole in some stucco know what I
mean like drill a hole make a few toll
like this cuz my dog is quite big anyway
I might go over to Instagram it's been
10 minutes it's been 10 minutes I'm
going over to Instagram my last picture
I posted with the Tangerines above my
head that's my tree
I own a tangerine tree hold your
applause anyway I'm gonna go wow a lot
of comments okay did not expect people
to actually do this so I'm glad y'all
are on board for it are you going on
tour with your sister Ella dot man xoxo
so I would love to go everywhere with my
sister but that takes a lot of time and
money and just a lot of planning and
things and I miss my boys and so and
mine to do stuff in my house
so there are a few shows I'm going to
usually if it's in California I'm gonna
go I think I'll go to the Vegas one but
it's really hard for me to be able to do
the flying ones or I go across I'm
trying to make it to as many as I can
but I don't have anything like solid on
the books yet okay so I try I try
but it's nothing's official at the
moment
do you like pickles and olives yes
Eleanor yes what is the name of your
photography Instagram it is photography
baller
that's my photography Instagram
photography baller this that's it okay I
posted three pictures today they're all
at the dump I go to the dump and it I
couldn't quite capture it it was so just
a moment like there was just so much
trash just being moved around by
subtractors and there were singles
everywhere and it was just like a what
are we doing to the earth moment and I
couldn't quite capture it but I tried
but I was like I'm opposed to just I'm
just posting pictures of trash that's
what I did yesterday I posted pictures
of trash loading the comments loading
when I heart the comments do you guys
care about that it's like a favorite
image even get a notification for that
does it is it a good do you want me to
should I do that more often I don't know
do you have any plans this weekend
tomorrow I am going over like 6:00 a.m.
I'm going to friend works for there some
feeding people tomorrow I'm the Ronald
McDonald House I don't have a lot of
info I'm making breakfast for some
people I'm serving food tomorrow morning
it like really early that's what I'm
doing tomorrow that's my weekend plans
I'm also buying a sledgehammer tomorrow
apparently seeing my dad tomorrow and
buying some new likes cuz all of the
lights in my house buzz and we just
discovered we tried to switch the
dimness cuz we're like Oh dimmers so it
we got the best like Wi-Fi dimmers we
got Wi-Fi did my lights are on Wi-Fi I
can control my lights on my phone
but it still buzz and then so we bought
some different lights like light bulbs
and put those in and they don't buzz
anymore so I have to change 32 more
light bulbs in my house and they're not
like tiny little like normal lights like
in a lamp they're like these huge pod
recessed lighting things it's gonna cost
a lot of money guys they're like 10
bucks a light okay we'll go a few more
questions I understand we'll go back to
Twitter I love you Rachel I love you too
kitty cat 18 am I supposed to be saying
the underscores cuz that's just really
long cuz I'm trying to remember to say
your guys's names but when you put the
underscores in there it's just it's
really it takes up a lot of time to say
underscore like just as much time as
this rant about underscores has been did
you what was your favorite subject of
school woodshop and math when I
understood it it's three and why are you
doing this to me Duncan go to bed not my
nephew it's you don't have to be up it's
okay unless you hate watching live
streams later when they're not live me
well you and Matt ever do a video
together again I highly doubt it we've
got it was just kinda I stopped trying
and he's like thanks for stop trunk for
stopping the trying part of it and then
we're just we're good does it he doesn't
need it is this where I'm supposed to
comment yes keen dot Amelia are you
doing a house tour yes smileyriley
sixteen I will once I get it all set up
cuz right now it's not set up I got a
lot of stuff to build I got a lot of
things to do my office is still a mess
but I want to do a house tour when all
looks nice cuz doing a house tour when
it's all a mess isn't that impressive or
beautiful to look at so I'm waiting to
I'm hoping I'm gonna hope for like
around Valentine's Day I'll have it all
done because we're almost done painting
we're on to some of the flooring we have
one more run the floor torn a room
and I have to paint this we're getting
there
don't worry about it back to Twitter
would you ever be willing to talk about
Matt Moore it's so mysterious let me so
much
um yes Anna I'd be willing to but he's
just kind of a private guy so like I
don't talk about him that much because I
know he wouldn't like it so I try to
respect that so right now he's watching
some sports living room there there's a
piece of information for you I think he
I think he kind of likes being
mysterious still thank you kinda digs it
oh my god possibly another daughter or
son yes dog wise yes I want another boy
but Matt so Luke should get a girl so
we'll have a gender-reveal party
I never mind I don't want to offend
anybody
let me up are you doing any secret big
projects we don't know about
I'm bad at secrets I told you guys a
couple times I'm trying to start a
podcast I actually I'm working I got I
got a step closer I know who I'm working
with I'm not like doing a company but I
found some it's getting closer so I'm
trying to work on a podcast I'd never
been so much better I kind of got to
keep it a mysterious thing but I'm just
saying my mom's gonna be involved and
I'm very excited about that
there's other things I want to do but I
haven't been able to sit down and do
them yet I don't have like a book or a
show or anything just kicking things but
yeah a podcast that's something I'm
trying to start and I think that'll be a
lot of fun I promise it'll be
entertaining and you'll get a lot more
different content than you would on my
social medias and YouTube's do you guys
watch podcast like everybody I know
watch that listen you can't watch a
podcast Rachel listen everybody I know
listens to a podcast do you guys listen
to him I just like literally all my
friends do and I'm like there's a I
found out about the podcast world I'm
like I wanna get on this is fun so I
started listening to other youtubers
podcast and I've been loving it that's
why I wanna start one
I just company other people do you ever
think about your old videos and regret
everything
um well oops I forgot everything
no I definitely look back and like that
was cringy no I don't regret everything
because I regretted everything I mean I
I'm here because of everything so I
regret it at all but there are videos I
definitely look back at I'm like oh that
was guys cringy that wasn't that funny
that was bad I definitely could have
added that better um there yeah
but no I like where I am and I am here
because of what happened in the past so
I don't regret it is the Apple watch
worth getting well at call underscore
leaves I notice equal links be with you
and my sister but Kalinka yeah
you have to watch worth kidding I love
my Apple watch because of exercise
reasons I'm I'm like really into fitness
I haven't been posting on my fitness
Instagram but I have been working I've
been in storing on my fitness Instagram
like every night for a while but I've
been getting really back into fitness
because I have time for it again I have
like been making a schedule for myself
again I like it for that reason um if
you look at how dirty my what is that I
was cleaning in my garage all day so I
guess I just met just have a massive
mark of whatever that it I don't it's
not poop it isn't that poop it's just
like that's kind of lucky I should watch
that later oh I'll take a shower with it
on later um I like it mainly for fitness
reasons it is super convenient because
it helps you locate your phone when you
lose it you get all your text you get
all your phone calls on this it's just
it's another thing to remind you to look
at your phone basically but if you're
not super into fitness I don't think
it's as worth it as people say it is it
won't let me comment on Instagram well
Abby that is terrible are you doing it
Twitter or Instagram right now I'm gonna
go back over to Instagram
did you do to refresh it see a lot
people commenting that's was great for a
baseball team the Dodgers what teacher
do you dislike the most
I don't remember my teachers names like
I always thought I was like I don't
number all my teachers names
I remember like a punk because I I
didn't care about him I didn't want to
even learn about I know my the worst
teacher I've ever had it was in college
don't know her name
she made people cry on the daily I've
talked about it before livestream she's
the worst mm-hmm how old is Matt Matt is
my age what did you have for dinner
please follow me I had Chinese food
there's a vegan Chinese place down the
street and every time we caught we've
tried ordering online and we call it in
because we want it to be ready when we
pick it up they don't deliver but they
do takeout so we call it or we're doing
online and it's always like okay ten
minutes are 15 10 minutes we'll be ready
we always get there they always go up
and then they go down the back and then
they make it every single time they
forget about it every single time and
they always like I'm sorry we forgot to
put in the work it's been four times
like not a joke they take the order
they're like great ten minutes you get
there in ten minutes
and then they then once they see you
they make the food always and it's we
just did come to accept it we've come to
accept it being like okay ten minutes
actually 20 but we have to be there in
ten so they actually make you food it's
like it's just once you know about it
it's fine because you expect it what's a
weird food combination that you enjoy
well to me nothing's weird if I enjoy it
I think that's normal but what I did
enjoy as a kid and I look back on now
and I'm like that's disgusting
I used to put mayo on bagels that's what
I used to do like instead of cream
cheese I think I thought I was putting
on cream cheese like I didn't know what
cream cheese was
because we didn't buy cream cheese we
just had we just used butter on bagels
as a kid but I think I saw people
putting cream cheese on their bagels and
I thought they were putting mayonnaise
on so I put mayonnaise on and I liked it
because I like the taste of mayonnaise a
lot back then so I used to eat bagels
and in Mayo which was nasty oh it was
the best thing about not wearing makeup
business man will rub your eye like this
oh and then seeing stars after that's
the best just wearing glasses annoying
you I wear them but they can get
annoying you have to get annoying but
they're better for you like the health
of your eyes cuz contacts restrict
oxygen into your eyes so your eyes are
like I need oxygen so they create more
blood vessels to get oxygen that way and
that's how you know red eyes and then
the veins eventually get to your pupils
and then you go blind so glasses is
better if you take if you wear contacts
it's fine just be responsible about it
but I come to love glasses more and more
they suck when you're doing a sport you
can't you can't do sports of glasses you
have four contacts or if you want to put
sunglasses on or if you want to lay down
you like this you can't there was a
pillow I saw on Facebook though that had
a hole cut out in the middle of the
pillow so you could lay down and it
would do this so your glasses wouldn't
do this I was like that is genius I want
it but I did not care enough to actually
look on I had to purchase it so I am
come to appreciate glasses because my
eyes don't hurt cuz there used to be
like 9:00 p.m. I'm like I'm so tired but
really it was just my eyes hurt and with
my I just want to go to sleep
you can't take a nap in contacts cuz I
always take naps and cars like I get if
I'm not driving I have to fall asleep or
else I get carsick I get carsick
everytime in the car if I'm not driving
so I take little naps you can't do that
in contacts cuz then I get all sticky
I'm talking my glasses for a long time I
feel insulted by your underscore ran
listen Palmer Kathleen I'm not gonna put
you under store in there I'm just saying
like I'm not gonna say the underscore
cuz that's a lot
do you like potato yes I like potato
unless that means something other than
like an actual potato then I don't know
if I do or not can you do more Rachel's
rooms do you guys rip I can do Rachel's
room Thursday do you guys told me to do
Rachel's room because you keep bugging
me about it that and learning Sundays
but how what if I do a learning Sunday
on like a normal Tuesday or Thursday
because if I put three times a week
people don't watch as much they like my
you upload too much I don't want to
watch all of that that's too much Rachel
so I can do a learning Sunday just but
it like learning it just then you learn
on like a Tuesday not this Tuesday I
have something else planned for this
Tuesday but dude I can do a learning
video this month and I can ask you a
Rachel firm with this month just to get
y'all off my back cuz you're all asking
for it is that cool
can we do that is that fine I'm going
back over Twitter now by the way did you
forget what potato means you've um I got
a fake fan I know potato means I love
you she said do you like potatoes do I
like I love you that doesn't make sense
she asked if I liked potato so I'm
assuming grammatically you're asking if
I like potatoes yes I like potatoes yes
we're learning Sunday what do you guys
want to learn I got nothing to teach you
that's the thing I ran in the face to
teach you I'm not the smartest person in
the world I don't have infinite
knowledge I ran out of things you got
what do you want to learn I all
literally all I can teach you about his
carpentry that's clearly I can teach you
about building and remodeling that's
that's my life I can teach you about
dogs but what are what is there to learn
tell me what do you need to know did you
know that the word nibbling is a
gender-neutral way of saying niece or
nephew I did not know that knit me I've
never heard it before but I guess I can
I can okay
all right everyone just saying yes
learning Sundays what do you want to
learn because I mean out of things to
teach you
did you watch the Viking Saints game I
was on in the house while I was doing
other things
the ending was insane though I saw the
ending Twitter's only over here I'm back
back up I'm back
I always forget that you guys are a
little delayed depending on like if you
started from the beginning or just jump
right in the livestream like sometimes I
have to like remember why you're saying
something I have to go back ten minutes
Rachel where's your hoodie from from
mammoths oh I'm hopefully going
snowboarding not this week but next that
would be very lovely because I haven't
been all winter and I want to go and I
need a new sweatshirt this one's getting
pretty bratty I do everything in this
one this is for mammoth she just had to
exercise I just feel like it's like a
little douchey want to do that that's
why I created a separate Instagram
that's for fitness cuz like not everyone
wants to see that and people kind of get
annoyed by that I also have done a drunk
workout routine so I've already taught
you how to work out quite well that was
not a good next morning you keep saying
that we don't want any more learning
Sunday's and Rachel's room yes we do we
never stop liking them you all stopped
watching them so maybe you'll like them
great but no one ever watched them so I
wanted to give you guys something you
actually wanted to watch so also I ran
out of ideas for loving Sunday's glitter
I don't have infinite knowledge I don't
know how to get cheap clothes first or
done that was a learning Sunday you know
it self satisfied that's it you just
have to train our dogs that's the thing
about that's what I learned you can't do
the same method on every dog you I have
to learn about the dog first before you
can train it so I don't know your dogs
teach literally anything that is this is
that helpful it's not helpful
your sex
they've got over 25 thousand likes do a
second part for that for learning Sunday
why my sex ed video has 1.1 million
views I did not know that I have learned
though a few people have been me saying
that or tweeted me that there are
special deluxe that their sex ed
teachers have showed my video in class
so I guess it was educational because
teachers are literally showing in their
classrooms which I was actually I
actually proud of I'm glad you like good
knowledge there man I have to go back
and watch that so I don't remember what
I said that I could do part two I don't
know what I would say I got a lot of
people mad at me though I mean I don't
care cuz it wasn't I was I got mad at
their anger though because everyone's
like how dare you you have children
watch it yeah good they should learn
about penises and vaginas and boobs and
menstrual cycles and things like that
they should learn about that they should
know also if you're having a
five-year-old watch it maybe you should
watch that if you have a fine girls like
you're a fine girl watch this mom watch
kid watches Ethel um do you guys want
another sex ed video I don't know what
to say in it I've got a lot of info on
that last one there was a lot of info on
that last one I just I don't remember
much like what was in it but I remember
there was an ass
do a video where you prank call us I've
done that before also that is we're
talking about learning some dates at the
moment teach me how to adult honey as
soon as I figure it out I'll let you
know how to do taxes I don't know I hide
some yeah nope I don't know how to do it
because you're right the school system
has let you down so you guys want me to
teach you a lot of things but I don't
even know how to do them I'm good with
tools that's it
teaches my each dog breed all the
doggies are the best and there's some
little ones and there's some big ones
and they have different lengths hair
and some have different health issues
and others because they're inbred or
they are mated with too big or too small
a breed and they all love love that's
all different ones all right going back
over to Instagram comments see if you
guys have any good ideas he just had to
make vegan cakes
I've never made a vegan cake dude would
you guys be interested in learning
learning how to make vegan food I'd have
to learn how to do it first see again
you think I know how to do anything I
don't want to do it I'm really bad at
cooking I'm okay at baking baking is
specific baking is like science it's
specific things and I just follow the
instructions to the tea cooking is like
their taste it don't picture this see if
you like this longer than that I'm like
that is nope that's too free-flowing
baking is a little easier for me because
it's exact instructions and I can follow
that but I don't I just can't do it
willy-nilly like people will just you
watch shows I'm sure you do watch shows
do you want to like cooking shows and
like okay go bake a cake and they're
like okay and they make it from scratch
off the top of their head they got no
box thank you I have instructions
they're just putting flour and sugar
together how did they know how to do
this that's magic to me I think that
chefs and you know Baker's the magicians
they truly are
she just had to eat cereal you know
stuff like Cap'n Crunch
that is tricky some people do need some
help also some people put the milk
before the cereal some people do need to
help they need a help do you have a
tattoo Ewan how much did it hurt I have
a tattoo I gave myself as a kid on my
knee I don't remember it's a line I'm
not a I think so some people's tattoos
are awesome and some people can really
pull off tattoos that's all I'll say but
I personally don't want to TechSoup
how'd it dry I've already done that so
teach this something to do with
photography I don't know I'm winging it
with photography I have no idea what
anything is I'm very much an amateur
with that what was the last time you saw
Colleen has no it hasn't it's been more
I have no idea
Monday I see you Monday I think I saw
her Monday yeah yep that's it
Amy says she has a suggestion for
learning Sundays but she didn't tell me
what it was she just said I have a
suggestion and did not follow it up with
the suggestion she just left me hanging
come on Amy teach us how to make it how
to grow a YouTube channel if you've
noticed my channel has been quite
stagnant for some time so as soon as I
figure it out maybe I'll give that
knowledge to you do you like hairless
cats yeah they're really I used to think
they're really ugly and now I'm like
those things are awesome
I would never own a kitty cat just cuz I
can't deal with a litter box man but the
Harris ones are cool they're like weird
it's something you gotta you gotta get
used to I think
do you like gymnastics I do gymnastics a
level 10 level tips like great right
I think gymnastics is amazing it's
literally one of the only things the
Olympics I watch that's cool that you do
it I suck at it
I took one gymnastics class in my life
and the instructors slap my feet I was
like nothin then it's not for me
I don't do the slapping don't do it so
that was my my thing but it had a lot of
friends who did gymnastics and I was
always very of their skills also freaked
out by it like when they flip their
hands in their head can hit the ground
and they could die they don't care
back to Twitter now just readin just
read once you're ridin that's all
stop beating yourself up you're amazing
lose I beat myself up was I'm beating
myself up I'm awesome
I'm just aware of my flaws and I'm okay
with my flaws
I accept them I'm totally fine I know
I'm great so when I say it's not like I
can't do that thing or like I'm bad at
this or that I'm not mad about it
if I wanted to be better at cooking or
something I'd learn how to cook but I'm
okay with that flawed Minds so obvious
not I'm cool don't you worry about it
at the same time not always me if I want
to learn to cook I uh I would take up
cooking that's all teachers some sign
language I did that the tattoo I forgot
about that yeah I have a little tattoo
Minnie by accident I just saw comment on
Instagram said more sex secrets aren't
you glad that we thought Instagram
family and if it's avocado brownies
sound disgusting they're not they do
sound disgusting I'll give you that Sam
but they're not because they're more
like a gooey fudge but kind of substance
it's they're delicious
they're good trust me I'm sure normal
brand it tastes better but I just
haven't had a normal brownie so long
that I'll call her brownies taste butter
teaches little stuff like how to change
a light bulb or how to do car stuff when
it breaks down and just like household
things that's a good idea Katie like
just teach a little things like when the
power goes out with certain part of the
house like I switch a breaker back on
like little things like that or like I
guess I could do tiny little things like
that I just have to find a bunch of tiny
things I know this house it has in these
tiny little work guys i electrocuted
myself and by that I always get mad if
you want to say that so if you
electrocuted yourself you'd be dead I
shocked myself I guess I I touched a
live wire and it hurt all through my arm
did I post that I don't think I posted
it um I was trying to change the outlet
in my laundry room and I cut the power
so that the light went out and I was
like I should probably check to see that
the light and the outlet were on the
same circuit
oh well and then I grabbed the bot the
undo the plate and I grabbed the thing
and I grabbed this side and touch metal
and just shocked myself so the light and
the plug or on different circuits and
someone has this yeah
I give up that day I put it back in the
wall oh my god done teaches about
baseball baseball season's not even in
season on many when it comes back he
just had to pick a college on a major
I'm bad at that I picked my college
because it was the same one cooling went
to I was like that seems like a good one
it was just way too much stress everyone
was thinking colleges and I was like I
have no idea I didn't know what I wanted
to do and and I changed my cut my major
three times in once it one semester I
applied as an econ major then right when
I got there I switched it to film and
then I did one semester of film and I
was like I hate this and I switch to
psychology so I'm really bad at that
can't really help
did you do do do I just got tired all of
a sudden I guess it's cuz I've been
screaming for 40 minutes straight
I need to work out after this got to
work out
everyone says teach us how to stop
procrastinating I'm the worst at that
I'm a procrastinator for sure the only
thing that helps me is I give myself
little rewards like okay if I get this
done as soon as I get this done I'm a
lot to do blink hi guys I downloaded
candy crush again if you've been around
for a while you've been watching me for
a while you know that I was super
obsessed with candy crush like for a
long time and then I don't think I've
played it like it what is it like half a
year I like I deleted it from my phone
and then I recently downloaded it again
because I was like I'm bored I've had
nothing to do I know download some games
and they all suck and I was like I like
candy crush why I stopped playing that
and then I remember why I stopped
playing it because it takes over my
whole life I don't for a second I opened
my mouth and look like my tooth was
missing right anyway I downloaded candy
crush and I hate myself for it I just
get so addicted so I've been using that
as a reward like okay I added 10 minutes
of this and then I can play a game candy
crush so that's something I've been
doing I'd give myself I set up little
rewards for myself when I complete a
task that's all but sometimes I fail at
that too so
Lakes are just creepy just sayin what
are you talking about Oh butterflies
guys we have talked about butterflies
before
some people think they're terrifying I
think they're gorgeous I love
butterflies but there's a huge group of
people out there that apparently despise
them so I don't want to we talked about
it before on a stream of the lives and I
don't want to do it again what's the
dumbest thing you believed as a child I
wasn't dumb I just didn't know I this
was something fun but I mean there are
everything
Santa was thinking about any pretty dumb
things all right Santa's real Santa's
real never mind
Santa's holy really best friends um
there was one thing my siblings
that's not my trash can my siblings used
to take me to the we had a girls
bathroom a boy's bathroom at my house
there were two bathrooms in the house
both right in the hallway there was the
girls and the boys cuz there was six of
us three and three
so just they would take me the boys
bathroom and get my dad's aftershave and
put it at the bottom of my feet and they
told me that it made me invisible and
then they did this on multiple occasions
and I believed it I thought I was
invisible and then I'd go to my mom's
room and I'd be like did she like what
do you want Rachel I was like how can
you see these
it doesn't work of adults like what I
don't know I believe it was fun though I
mean yeah I'm it's not it was fun and
games I really think it was dumb I think
it was just imagination kids have
imagination right I'm sure I believe
something stupidest child but I remember
what it was Katie
to stay organized do you see my room
does this look like the person you
should take organisation skills from I'm
actually really good at getting things
organized but it's keeping it organized
that I suck at like once every two weeks
I make everything super organized and
then it slowly gets too organized and
then whip it up again
my room is killing me actually we we
have plans I I'm this looks like a mess
but my brain understands it this is the
design for my closet to help me organize
everything I'm building shelves in my
closet like built-ins
they're called built-ins I'm doing it in
my closet and it's gonna be building it
myself
and I'm doing it based on what I have
and what I need so there's gonna be a
perfect slot for my my printer and all
my camera stuff and all these things but
this is how this is what's supposed to
get me organized is once I build this
idea everything out of the room were to
build it so Mac is essentially playing
the floor in his room for me to move all
my stuff to his room so I can build in
here and then walk back in but organized
anyway where's blaze he's sleeping on
the couch like a good boy he's a frickin
good boy all right what's the back over
instant what I'm gonna slash them for
about 15 more minutes people 15 more
minutes
phenomenal miss teacher set a spell I
suck at that but like what do you need
so no because it depends on what level
of spelling your ass cuz like if you're
a kindergartner you know a lot to learn
I I've done a video on the difference
between like then and then and things
like that that's about is crafty as I
can get there I'm not a very I'm not a
teaching that of the language not before
Tay you know it was really good at
teaching reading and writing is Jessica
my sister-in-law
she's really good at that dipping
how do you dress yourself without
looking like a hobo I mean that I don't
know jeans jeans you just have a sort of
business you gotta spend money to make
money it's all about location location
location it depends on the business
I think anyone who can paint a wall and
not have it come out as streaky as magic
pictures how to do that be really cool
why is your using a brush use a roller
and then don't like don't go over at a
bunch and then like don't press it down
really hard you want like a light with
the roller go light with the roller but
if you go over it again like a bunch
it'll start like peeling off and look
that I actually want to start like a I
know what you call a carpenter a DIY
woodshop channel thing it's not New York
is not any of your John Russ but it's
something I'm super passionate back to
still won't may teach about grammar it's
something I realized like carpentry is
my true passion in life like just it
makes me the happiest it's what I just
did what my soul desires in life is to
build and fix things and just I'm so
excited about all the furniture I'm
gonna build I'm like making up new
reasons why any different furnitures and
things like that
um so I think I want to start channeling
that but I don't it would be it's not
like that's not I don't think people
subscribe to it it's more like oh how do
I do this you google it and then you
learn so this would be like a Learning
Channel but hey I'm like also she did
cent store things cooling in quarter
because they're my favorite I just won
someone sent it to the 99-cent store
make up with Cory and clean so maybe
that would be down the line but I can't
like post two of them really close
together
cuz I support the cost do use a cream
Rainier coffee if so get what kind yes I
do I use its almond and vanilla
something creamer I don't know the name
I don't know it at all but it exists I
don't remember the name of it it's
almond milk cream room with vanilla in
it but I have do not remember the brand
I apologize
she just had to paint our nails grow
these never painted you thought that was
done I'm actually allergic to like
fingernail polish my nails peel when
like it's like just layers with my
fingernail peel off when I put paint on
them so I just can't paint them do you
again with your mom I want to do a video
with my mom I have up here with my dad
and Booth my mom I really want to do but
the freeways are still blocked off in
Santa Barbara so uh and they can't get
to me and I can't get to them so once
that's all safely cleared out and I'm
not in the way of because even though
it's cleared out they're probably still
looking awful are people to drive on it
a bunch cuz I still got to get emergency
vehicles and and out and stuff so as
soon as it's like chill for me to go to
st I'm gonna go to Santa Barbara or my
parents are gonna come here my dad I
think is taking the train in tomorrow
yes he is saying the train in tomorrow
that is the only way in and out of Santa
Barbara except the flights but all the
flights are booked and you have to like
stand at the train station for hours to
get on the train it's insane but as soon
as that clears up and it's cool for me
to see them I'm gonna do a video with
them
I'm background Twitter just so y'all
know were you affected by any of the
fires no Abby I wasn't I was in a safe
zone I could see them I could see the
smoke there's some smoke in there not a
lot of all where I was but no I was I
was safe the whole time both had a
ritual and I had this house who the
fires are going and both were totally
safe it just do you still call Killeen a
fake fan for posting the same video co
oh I wasn't actually matter a fan but
nope that was I didn't hey she gave me
promo on Twitter this song I'm good I
don't care no that happens a lot there's
so there have been so many times when I
post a video literally a day after
someone else opposed to the exact same
video and I'm like I just didn't know
about it so I don't expect cooling to
watch all of my videos also sometimes I
sometimes don't watch your videos for
like a month and then binge watch them
all at one time I know she'll eventually
watch my videos I also don't require it
it's not a requirement for her to do
that so I don't really care but I
understand the gist the dread because
there sometimes I film a video and then
I don't have to post it for a couple
days and in that couple days someone
else posts the same video I'm like I had
that idea I I filmed it I just didn't
post it fast enough because it wasn't a
posting day so I understand that people
were gonna say I'm copying blah blah
I'm sure June when they should filmed it
before I even posted mine and she just
didn't even realize it because she post
chief films weeks in advance it's insane
but I understand that terrible like dang
it I'm gonna people are gonna get mad at
me for this but it's again I'm from the
realm of YouTube where everyone
basically made the same video all times
someone in the comments just said rectum
nothing but quality now I've said it and
you would you build me a
small table I build you a small table
for a small fee mainly you just have to
pay for the supplies
okay it's not table talking about you
want around I haven't I have to say I'm
not I haven't gotten haven't perfected
the round part I can build you a square
one real quick
that's real quick you should have mr.
Kate designer room in your house me so
cool
am I gonna get in trouble if I say I
don't know who mr. Kate is as I don't
know who mr. kate is and I in trouble
don't I'll be in trouble don't you guys
are saying you would subscribe to my
carpenters channel well thank you
because now you can't make any money on
YouTube unless you have a certain amount
of subscribers and watch time I
understand why you twos doing it and
that's I get it it just does suck for
starting channels it makes me not want
to start about the channel because my
well but at the same time I shouldn't be
looking at it like that because
carpentry is what I truly love doing so
I should doing it as a passion project
anyway to you and Matt have separate
rooms question right now because I said
my room bathroom we have two offices in
the house like there we have four
bedrooms so the gym this my office our
master and then we have like a spare
guest room but I'm also saying it's his
office so it's that's his room but we're
not allowed to have TVs in a room
therefore we we will eventually see each
other and we both want to go watch TV
so that's the room we can have computers
and anything I want our rooms the TV
stays in the living room that's all I
never was like oh here's a mancave I'm
like no we like the same thing so it's
basically just two different rooms for
two different computers would you ever
consider learning guitar I've tried
Maggie I've actually tried to learn
guitar I'm I'm not some people just like
pick up instruments and just understand
music and I'm just not one of those
people and I've learned to accept it cuz
a long time for a long time I was trying
I was like I was like why can I not
figure this out I'm just I just can't
hold the beat I can't I can't do it um
and I'm okay with it I don't need to no
instruments and whatnot my siblings got
that covered so I if I could think I
mean I've tried it's like me and it's
like the same thing with foreign
language like my brain just doesn't
compute that way and that's okay
so I'm not I I've tried guitar I've
tried ukulele I've tried piano tried
everything I'm sure if I worked really
really hard today I can figure it out
but my desire for it is not that strong
to do that so it's okay there are some
people like my sister can literally pick
up any instrument and figure it out in a
few minutes like she's not gonna be like
Picasso with it
I know Picasso as a painting but you
know like that level of greatness with
an instrument that quickly but she
definitely could learn that if you put
any little effort into it um that's
that's something I can figure out how
anything works just by looking at it
favorite clothing sort of shop at by the
way love you so much
I feel like I shouldn't say each of them
because they're going through a really
big scandal opponent but I have to say
it's the easiest place for me to shop at
because their sizing is very consistent
and it has pants that are long enough
for me and I can order their clothes
online and I know the sizing so I know
it's going to fit my body but I know
that they are going through a scandal
right now so I don't want to give them
too much brother
will you make more DIY sweater
that's what shirts I just do that by
myself daily sorry are you on Twitter
right now I'm confused City I literally
announced where I am right now I'm on
Twitter I'm actually gonna hit it on
Twitter I've got four more minutes of
this livestream and then I got to go
work out and do some other things and go
to sleep early cuz I've to feed some
people in the morning are you still
with Kesha oh my gosh this is going in
my blog for her I already filming stuff
I didn't even realize that I was her
song like I'm a mother at lemon that's
what I heard on the radio and didn't
realize it was her I was like what is
this song this is amazing when I vlogged
myself freaking out about the song and
then later I found out it was cash and I
was like of course it was why did I not
know that I'm a fake fan
I wish she's great I love her songs I
love Kesha and she has been to hell back
and she's still just marching on
I failed my a push test woohoo girl I've
been there if it pushes AP US history
right yeah I've been there
that's nope wait what is happening with
H&M H&M posted a picture like a ad
campaign with there was a black boy and
a white boy and the black boy was
wearing a sweatshirt that said coolest
monkey in the jungle and the white boy
was say wearing a sweatshirt sang like
king of the jungle or king of the forest
or something like that and everyone was
very upset that the black boy was
wearing the sweatshirt that said that he
was a monkey because black people have
been racist people have called black
people monkeys before because they said
it's just it's a not a good thing to do
so they people started like destroying
shops H&M stores which i think is not
very nice to do because the workers have
to clean it up and you're / then they
didn't make the odd campaign but I
understand the outrage it's the whole
thing I don't want to get too much into
it I am NOT filled to Franco but Phil
DeFranco did do a video on it so if you
want to learn more about it go over to
his channel since I was from Wyatt moves
from a while ago Oh me yelling at you I
love you
forget that okay I won't you can adopt
her she's nearby
what I someone send me a picture of
pitbull well what's her name
give me some info call she white and
both black spunky cute did you do can we
talk about how cute you are
that is always up for discussion just
always compliment me it's totally fine
and I'm actually surprised none of you
have comments on the fact that I'm
playing with awful I just realized I'm
playing with this bathroom look it's
happening this is this is holding like
your towels
this is American Eagle is also good
because the jeans are long enough for me
we love that
oh yeah that's weird Lauren listen I was
I saw a girl wearing American Eagle
jeans and I said those look good
I used to own all my jeans used to be
American Eagle jeans it for some reason
I stopped and I think it's because
they're jeans are like 60 bucks each and
they were all the same and I kind of got
bored of them and I like this is too
expensive but I think I might but all
right let me out okay you wear American
Eagle jeans are you like not fashionable
why do I care like do I since when do I
care about fashion I mean I'm a
fashionista I'm comfortable it is cold
here today guys it did it got to like 65
the high that's how hot it was today was
65 so I'm freezing it is 51 degrees
right now cold I'm in my winter gear
anyway it's in an hour so I'm gonna sign
off I hope you guys have enjoyed this
thanks for hanging out with me I hope
the Instagram family felt loved and
included than this I hope the Twitter
family enjoyed having Instagram family
in this burn Troy got it everyone is
happy in love
family I love you guys so much thanks
for watching this I've got I'll post I
have so much footage I need to edit and
post vlog wise I'm sorry I haven't done
that yet but uh it's it's uh Matt I love
you guys see you next time okay
