good morning it's almost 10 a.m. I know
where it cleans I drove over this
morning into the night last night
although think I'm gonna spend the night
tonight that I'd fart I think cool guys
coming today so I'd open up the front
gate for him ah nice but it's actually
kind of nice because if I go into an
office so I'm going to like work there's
no distractions because you know like up
in the morning I'm like I'm gonna go do
work and then I get distracted by
everything in my office and Matthew and
just everything so I think it's going to
be nice there's nothing here to distract
me so I mean I wish there was Gus or a
puppy
Gus is being a drama queen in Vancouver
and there's no puppy in okay that's all
I have to report just want to say hello
start this vlog
you know life so I decided to use :
Keurig to make some coffee by the way
this was sparkling clean because I
cleaned it yesterday and the day before
that and I wiped everything down here's
how the coffee turned out if you can't
tell coffee coffee all over the mug and
in the cup what hap what is happening
what now instead of frickin coffee I
have a man wait just work like I don't
even know how to clean this I don't even
understand look it I jumped out the
coffee and that's all the just inside
what in the what wait where's the fan
sir away it is normal holes on both
sides I don't understand what happened
okay I claim as much as I could
well that's a lie I could have done a
little more but we're just gonna run it
without coffee at it to see what in the
world happened show me the money
okay it seems to be working totally fine
was it the cup I'm so confused dad open
the pod and not the actual Keurig itself
that was annoying alright let's try to
see you I used one of these
it's a Keurig brand we think it would
work let's try it again
we'll go a smaller cup see what happens
okay you look like coffee you look
normal
we all going to survive here we have a
working Keurig I don't know what that
was we're getting weird was annoying
it's what it was I wanted no
distractions nope
all right I'm done here for now didn't
finish my coffee but that's because I'm
scared of what's at the bottom of it
but I'm gonna get out of here go home do
more work and then I probably will come
back later with Matt to barbeque
something else or delay out we're really
enjoying having a backyard I've done my
makeup I am home and now I'm gonna film
my Tuesday video to the fullest on John
Paul blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah my zoom isn't fast enough so I
can't I can't even say it is there's my
sis I have to if I want to zoom I just
got to do this hello hey I finished my
Tuesday video I think Matt went to go
wash the truck if I'm not mistaken I
think I should edit my Rachel's room for
tomorrow
the both all the work I really needed to
get done today oh you know what I think
I'm gonna do a lively right now that
sounds like a good idea alright I ended
up doing my lively that I was talking
about earlier and these are the
beautiful people watching me at the
moment now why isn't it focusing guys
this is my struggle there it is now it's
focusing doing lovely do you love me man
that person said to me a lot of bobbin
hubs I'm here hey I'm just going to film
you guys for a living if you don't you
can't see it but I am filming all of the
comments right now that's what's
happening
alright we just finished the lively so
we will do the top contributors as
always the
yeah what there we go just going through
would you see yourself you see yourself
you don't you don't
after the rules of the game thanks for
playing Oh focus we wanna make sure no
pro pro pro pro feel like it this is
going to sound terrible but like an
animal's name when you're calling it
just be funny if you're like Pro pro
come here pro pro oh this person's name
he says life I believe you and I'm with
you and I stand by you on that on that
statement you need to eat this good food
good food to me so many lovely humans
here you all are next to my heart there
you go
hope you guys enjoy my life please oh I
love you we're getting mad at me during
them and uh no I wasn't saying anything
offensive so I don't know who's getting
mad but that's just the Internet but
thanks for hanging out with me if you
did nothing
it's way later I had dinner and I
watched the third no its sixth episode
of Star Wars there's a third one release
so I watched four five and six yes
okay oh I am I know why they do that or
because the person who gave them the
right to do it said that they didn't
have the technology back in the 80s for
episodes one through three I didn't have
a technology for four through six but
it's okay anyway that's not what we're
talking about right now right now I said
in a couple long ago I'm looking for a
new things to make my eyelashes grow and
a real beer or trolling me or what but
you guys said coconut oil which I kind
of believe because coconut oil is just
an all-around thing you can use for
everything and that's the lien so either
or will make your eyelashes grow so I
decided I had some coconut oil from
experiments and making videos I've done
and it has exactly because doesn't
everyone directly and I'm going to put
vaseline on my left eye and coconut on
my right and we're going to see if
either the eyelashes grow brother
alright time for the before look alright
these are my eyelashes before guys they
look
really good I know this is in front this
yep there's my lashes the tens
experiment price we're going to live a
saline on the left I got inner good good
I think we'll put coconut oil on the
right okay coconut really just all up on
your finger it's oily yep we're going
this another color color on my lips
alright so we will check I will do this
every night for a week and I'll check
back just on it we'll check back in a
week and see how we're doing
do you aren't you guys excited for this
experiment I know I am Oh feels weird
anyway I think that in this vlog my gosh
ending the vlog on the same day of the
vlog I always it I'm always an idiot
I turn off my lights what I'm talking
but I was in the blog today after like
while I'm editing moves what am i
Christopher anyway so head out leave you
and I'll see you tomorrow
I love you guys a mic
