hello good morning good afternoon good
evening polyfill middle of the day we've
already been over to clothings house and
did a little tanning got my tan on I'm
just getting some vitamin D for my
business I'm not trying to get too tan
just try no make sure my makeups a mess
is my face but now we are the grocery
store because we are going to barbecue
tonight usually don't get to barbecue so
we're going a little barbecue kick and
make it big tacos and chicken tacos I
know you're jealous it's rain and tacos
guys no need that why just open your
mouth and sometimes math version of
cleaning is a little peculiar to me took
everything out of the dishwasher and
then just going to put it on the stove
instead of endorsed
I want to do a cloud montage but there's
no clouds in the sky
blast you Southern California and your
beauty all right time to go home bad
something back and the best in the make
up I'm gonna film I've been trying to
find questions or Rachel through well
and I feel sometimes people use I
thought just let me know one of my goals
was achieved sometimes I feel like
people are using my racial firms as a
Google search engine I hear wire
questions that can be easily answered
with a simple Google search guy and
people are just ask questions to ask me
I've been doing Rachel's room for a very
long time years literal years so you
guys do a lot about me already make up
time blown it out of his mouth popke
hair makeup done and now it's not as
good as it's going to get so I'm done
with it but now I'm going to do my hair
because this you don't understand the
hate I would get if I just left my hair
like this
my hair is currently a graceful oh God
clean copy trash shampoo once let's let
how the network is that what this is for
perfect hair day dry shampoo spray wait
30 seconds massage and shake we're going
to try this guys hold on what wait 30
seconds probably I don't do the prize
right when I'm about to sell it make my
hair grey oh that's colleagues toilet
for blowing the other day I understand
now
thirty seconds that's a long time all
right
what is it minute what massage shake
shakely shake oh that kind of word wait
a second I'm a little less greasy ah
good I just find the wonders of try
shampoo wait a second
wait I just do more this was going to
end badly but I think I'm excited about
this new thing in my life okay call us
that now we wait
oh this is exciting for me I like this
dude is 1080p so waiting and waiting
that's 30 seconds then I will massage
and shake you just like baby powder
basically is that what you're supposed
to use baby daughter smells like choline
yeah oh that's her alright massage and
shake I massage it perfection and shake
it
Jamaican wear lisette looks better than
it did it might not be you but it does
to me my own head
I know my head needs to look like well
I'm happy
let's go film some videos alright I just
found a raging room with she'll be up on
Thursday I'm gonna watch another video I
won't watch I was going to make another
one but I think I'll just do that
tomorrow instead because that doesn't
need to go for Tuesday so there's no
rush really focus on me camera there's
something okay there's something in my
lens and I don't know how to clean in
between two of the glasses in the lenses
because lenses have like succeed layers
of lens and there's a piece of lint in
between the things I don't know how to
get it and I think that's what's making
my camera never focus on me maybe the
camera expertise or if you google it
I could google it alright that's it for
this vlog thank you guys for watching I
love you you're beautiful so ever
it yeah sack that's it so see you
tomorrow bye
sure
