pause everything candycrush updated
itself and it looks so ugly okay no
one's gonna care but I can't therefore
i'm showing you they upgraded its this
weird like i don't it's like when they
updated the emojis for the first time
what's happening this is what it used to
look like and now it's this mess i do
not like it it kind of hurts my eyes
candy crush did you just end my
obsession with you because i don't want
to play because it's so ugly
oh no also I look like a bitch I haven't
showered yet I just woken from this
doing my routine than watching Clint's
blog i watch youtube videos while i play
games on my phone and i had to pause
anything because that was the ugliest
thing I've ever seen my life besides
space at the moment all God well have
one we're best fiends hashtag not ad I
wish it was cuz everyone else is getting
a vesting dad but me again I'm going to
be bold and not wear makeup for a little
bit today yeah and that's because I'm
going to go over clean and clean a bit
and then I think we're going to like
vacuum out the cars while we're over
there and I'm going to be outside a
little bit and I want the Sun to hit me
I don't want anything to stop the Sun
from giving me some vitamin D on my face
so that's that's my plan
I'm going to go pick up lunch soon and
then I'll probably film videos later
today because I've got a few in my brain
that I want to film which is rare for me
to have ideas but that's the plan I am
over at clean slice doing a little
cleaning I'm at back inside the car the
store doesn't close why is this short on
books
what's happening right this house is
massive and beautiful as it is has a lot
of flaws don't always judge a book by
it's cover at maybe no size to this I
don't know kitchen is clean for the most
part still have to throw away food
that's old in the fridge I'm gonna do
that one have to take the trash out you
don't want to just shut down a trash I
also need to fix this thing because it
is clogged like it just sort of fit like
that kind of garbage disposal in that
sink and no one realizes that so they
just shove food down the drain and then
it gets clogged so I have success now
it's under the living room
I love what I find here this woman has
so many ukulele alright I'm back home we
laid out got a little bit of finally
laid out for 20 minutes you wanna do too
much I didn't wanna have to put
sunscreen on so just 20 minutes flip it
every five just getting a little bit of
vitamin D up in this skin this I have I
can't out by pitching myself just a
little warning I have some brand deals
in the works so you guys might be seeing
that on this vlog channel in my
Instagram within the next few months
this when it happen okay so let it
happen I want a house and a dog okay I'm
dry in here also because all of the big
brand pulled out of YouTube for their
advertisements like the money I make out
my videos has basically been cut in half
so that's a lot of fun neat even though
my stuff is family-friendly none of my
videos have been demonetised so I'm
still making money on them but it's
about it it's about half of what I used
to make so brand deals is the way to go
I promise I will try very hard to make
them all entertaining and not like
orange juice is a promise to you it's
later I went and got Matt and I dinner
and we ate it and he's playing video
games in the office and I want to watch
Star Wars they'd be a lot about it I've
seen a few episodes like here there and
stuff I haven't watched like all of them
and to sit down and I think I'm just
going to do it so so I have to report
Irish got an email or I didn't get an
email I got this notification come on
focus
Thomas intertext on your Apple TV using
your iOS keyboard slide to type stir oh
come on don't be a dick boom because I'm
on oh I'm on my Apple TV trying to type
fix it and did this thing happen
Apple is so connected to itself how does
that how does that know two hours later
I liked it I didn't realize how much I
was doing the movie and some that walked
in he goes well just like that so
overdramatic like he always is nobody's
like you know on your phone and I
realize I was watching the movie and
just watching a movie not on my phone
usually when I'm watching stuff at
multitasking but I had my full attention
on the movie I mean I think I liked it
anyway I also did this tussle
this is before the movie started I made
this little puzzle someone set me up me
and my daddy
well I'm like daddy doesn't you're cute
they satisfy my puzzle needs but are so
tiny then it doesn't take all my day
alright that's it for this vlog I
actually didn't play candy crush at all
yesterday because I hated the way it
looks so much I just hate it so much I
don't I don't know why it's just so ugly
to me now so the temple better not be
oh wait that's a freckle anyway I'm
ending this vlog I look good I keep
thinking there's things on my face but
it's just the shadows in the fact that
I'm not wearing makeup see you tomorrow
bye
and
