you
recently I think this is going to be the
last time we have blue apron well
actually that's false because we went to
cancel it
just listen it's not bad but it's not
it's not worth 20 bucks a meal some of
some of them are like they're just
pretty decent and then Matt figured out
that they do one really good dish and
then to like the dishes that don't have
a lot of ingredients and don't cost $20
so we're just we're going to cancel it
and I went to cancel it and you have to
email them and then they send you
instructions on how to cancel it they're
making it really difficult to cancel
they're like yeah you can cancel it I'm
no contract you could just cancel
whatever fault
very much false and it's some day and we
get them delivered on Fridays and they
already have our next one locked so
we're going to have it next week and I
don't know when they're going to let me
cancel because they haven't emailed me
back yet so it's kind of annoying that
is I mean I understand why they do it
because they're evil they don't want you
to be able to cancel but it's annoying
because we're it was kind of a letdown
it wasn't as good as I wanted it to be
but that's what's happening I don't want
to fold them the worst part about doing
laundry is having the folder closed
afterward I don't like it all right I we
just had dinner
we made some barbecue food over at
Colleen's place cleaned up a little
clean Cory you've left a mess yes
they're not watching this they're busy
in Canada making a show but obviously
knows my mess and a little bit of there
and then I'm gonna head back home that's
all then something's of all I just
researched puppy Rottweilers stuff
shouldn't near me I think my plan here's
my plan
I keep redoing my plans I have to go to
Vancouver for Colleen's Vancouver show
and then once I get back to that
okay so middle of May I should have a
puppy are we appropriate oh you buy
bubbly readable Julie absolutely a
bubbly
I keep torturing myself looking up dogs
now but that's irrelevant because the
dogs up for adoption now aren't
necessarily gonna be the dogs up for
abduction when I'm actually going to
adopt one so right now I'm just
torturing myself looking at me okay
 trust me some love edible oh my
god
I'm working out again and I'm super
farty I don't know if it's just working
out is making me really gassy I no idea
what it is I'm on my bike I'm not just
like swaying back forth but I am like
starting like crazy I think working out
is like making my body but I prefer Bubb
muffled rude just rude also subsisted
this new show I completely figure out
what it's called since on Hulu hashtag
not ask but uh make some sort of cop
shows and it's a full of puns I love it
I'll figure out what it is called after
the shop working out because I don't
want to stop working out to give you
information so I blog you is next to me
so I gave you the information about my
part the new episode just started and it
said the title Angie Tribeca is the name
of the show really really stupid if you
hate like plastic pun comedy you'll hate
it but I was ready for my father so I
loved it
it's pretty funny alright that's it for
this vlog and it was short I did
something today so yeah sorry if you
hate me talking about farts but get over
it's a bodily function that literally
everybody does I love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow okay okay
