I'm going to look at houses I don't
think I'm going to buy any just finding
to purchase a house today
ah I think I'm taking out two or three
houses and I don't think I'm going to
like any of them enough to purchase them
but I just want to start going out and
seeing them to my realtor can get a
sense of like what I actually want and
need and things like that because some
of them aren't really in the location I
want but that doesn't mean that I won't
like them so yeah anyway oh this cars
not to run into me alright I just saw
one house and I realized that I'm going
to be extremely picky when searching for
houses inside a house was amazing and
there were some really cool parts of the
house and I really liked it but then the
driveway was all like just tore up and
just a bad driveway the pool wasn't
heated and it was a massive pool and I
just want support of the pools it's cold
and it's in an area I don't necessarily
like so I just realized how picky I am
and Nan people are green selling is on
pinky liniment listen I'm gonna be
living in this house for like 10-15
years I want to like it
I want there to not be a single flop the
inside the house was legit I'll give it
that
but it's also part of it gave me Grandma
and Grandpa back like it was an old
house that they had redone to make it
look better I don't know
just trust me you know and this is going
to be a difficult thing okay three
houses in one hour compresses I know the
last one I did not like the other two I
really liked them but there was just
something wrong with each one I don't
know if I'm gonna like keep seeing
houses and just be like sign and settled
but I don't want to settle I want to get
the house I walk into them I go oh let's
talk about it every apartment I've ever
had I'm really good at thinking at
apartments eleven I don't know if I the
same juju with this houses
okay I just did a lively and halfway
through and I realized there was
something in my teeth just come on
camera oh maybe don't focus on me I
think my shoes the whole time and then
at the end I finally realized it but
everyone said they didn't notice it I
don't know but anyway Top Contributors
of the lively did I say it I just did a
lively yeah okay my head is not working
Top Contributor
I'm oh come on camera I want to see
their little beautiful names and faces
here we go we're just going to scroll
through you see yourself I love you
and even if you don't see yourself I
still love you
so that's all I have to say about that
hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm man there are a
lot of contributors hey-oh
getting longer every time you're a
softball dude
alright it Endon with PC boom and it
started with Riley I don't know how to
say your last name and then there's the
Prussia oh I quit I'm Riley sorry right
like anyway
just thought I'd what does the camera it
really doesn't like her face today oh it
just got worse
that letter Chloe was gone Josaphat
it's Saturday I didn't vlog a lot
yesterday and because that is because I
left my blog each our jur in Santa
Barbara and I was basically out of
battery so my mom overnighted it to me
so it's here so I can vlog again yeah so
I thought it went over cleans about one
hung out for an hour at 1:00 a.m. after
she's at the writers room so she just
was packing the most hangouts or we
watch some shows and ate some Taco Bell
don't tell Matt and then this morning I
went back over to replace to grab all
the clickers and keys stuff because I'm
kind of I'm moving in there it's gonna
be a slow move but I'm basically moving
in there now so I just have to start
packing stuff up here and it's going to
be a slow move but I'm gonna start spend
the nights over there and stuff she has
a house I want to live in a house and as
soon as I moved all the way in there she
says I can have a puppy so I'm in that's
gonna happen soon but for right now I
just uploaded my peel box video and I'm
going to film some other videos cuz you
guys
if you watch my peel box opening video
you know that you listen to a lot of
really cool stuff to do for videos and
so I'm going to do a couple of them
today which exercises well also because
it's my job so that's what I'm gonna do
now organize my life seriously Clinton
Corey or who I hung out with
they're both God that's why I need to
get a puppy the sooner the better
it'll fill the void of love in my heart
all right I filmed the video and then I
wouldn't picked up food for me and
Matthew because I was hungry and s was
he and I ran into glozell or her sister
damsel and her husband and their baby at
the restaurant and Brett and I walked up
to them Google immediately very loudly
started saying happy birthday and diazo
so I did and everyone around us was just
staring us because I was kind of like a
quieter restaurant and everyone just
like had to rush just thinking at the
top of their lungs I felt loved I was
not embarrassed I loved it
but it's lovely seeing them hotel
literally most adorable babies besides
the ones that I'm related to I am so far
T today little weird thing to say but I
was just doing a workout poster gasps oh
okay this is going to be gross to some
of you but I think it's funny so yeah
work out and every time I crunched in a
farted like every single time I don't
know what he'll clean fed me talk about
yesterday that was probably what it is
catching up to me now no way it took me
forever to shower after I worked out
sometimes I have to shower after workout
because I sweat a lot and I don't want
my back knee to catch up with me but it
took me about an hour to get in the
shower which is a lot of time for me
anyway I'm not a shower and I saw that
Corey tweeted a little bit ago I'm going
to try and like make sure they tripod
right now I could just go get one I own
multiple I don't want to coordinated out
a few days ago that I should give you
guys a skin routine video I'm not a
beauty guru and I'm not a skin
specialist but I figured out what works
for my skin doesn't mean it's going to
work for your skin because everyone's
skin is different but I figured why not
I'll just show you guys what I do check
out my glasses let's get down to
business
literally it's the simplest thing in the
entire world I just took a shower
someone make
kind of everywhere don't make fun of me
I actually ripped the bag and so I had
to put it in the bags that keep the
moisture in okay I use thinking you know
wipes to get my makeup off of my face
and they use this is my lil mirror even
though I have a massive mirror in front
of me I'm going to use you oh good I'll
get up here although yeah I'm using
severe hold on okay so I soaked up all
my makeup and not just rinse my face
with water again warm water so it's not
freezing because we're like freezing
cold water
maybe Nath Lee after a hard game did it
s not with you I I never did that I was
never that big of an athlete getting out
for my face is what no I got dried off
all right
okay this Texas it part of my routine
even though I've nothing to do with my
skin but resting my face I was giving
you boogers like I think my nose beauty
is not always pretty behind the same
smell we care about is the finished
product
alright and then I usually brush my
teeth Oh awesome andis mouthwash but I
plan on eating again before I'm gonna
sleep so I'm gonna do that right now and
then I don't wash my face with any sort
of cleaner I'm just cleaning clear I've
used a proactive and it makes my face
break out more I wasn't really close yet
just basically get used to it and then
it'll start clearing your face but for
me it was make my face hairy got a lot
and then it would only break down a
little and then if I tried to stop using
this stuff I'd break out a lot more like
skin got like addicted to it this is
just me I'm not for everybody there's a
lot of things that go into acne genetics
hormones what you eat and how you take
care of your skin also the weather
you're in but my face doesn't do well
was like chemical cleaners and so far I
haven't really I got one pimple right
here the other day because I didn't take
off my makeup when I went to bed I was
like I don't need to as a mistake anyway
now I'm kind of in-between moisturizers
right now I have two boys right
afterwards or else my skin start to
flaky I was using it cosmetics under eye
cream for my whole face just give it I
got it for free and it worked well but
that right now and I've been using polar
Regenesis I'm treading on the market for
a new one because this one is almost out
and I keep dropping the lid by the
toilet so I just feel like it's not
doing anything but preventing flaky skin
but I want something that like does
everything like you don't forget to do
your neck your neck needs moisturizer
because that will show you how old you
are
later in life everyone forgets a mess
don't forget the neck the next important
part of the age thing you want to hold
on is look at their neck they got
wrinkles they are not a baby it doesn't
want to say all people get offended when
I weigh that's literally that's my
entire Skinner team lately I have been
cleaning my brushes for my makeup just
because I realized I was like reapplying
makeup right after picking is it while
back or after I sweat and so that
stuff's on my makeup brushes and I was
like that's gross so I started cleaning
up my makeup brushes
I just bought some like stupid makeup
remover brush cleaner from Target
nothing fancy
I was using eyelash growth stuff but it
was not working so I'm actually going to
look up some home remedies to make my
eyelashes grow longer because people
love lusciously anyway that's my skin
routine easy peasy again works for me
doesn't mean it's not work for everyone
alright that's it for today's vlog I
hope you enjoyed watching me wash my
face I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
and this kollene by ah King keep my
hands to myself
no matter how hard I'm trying to I want
you all to yourself you'll notice power
cochin and tricks so comes on kiss me
