it's a day after my birthday I'm on my
way to Santa Barbara to the PIO box
opening video with my mother which will
be out Saturday which is tomorrow when
you're watching this I'm doing it
instead of a live stream because I did a
live stream on my birthday because I
took the day before my birthday off from
vlogging yeah this week's a mess but
there is some girls on my channel every
day which is good of me yeah so now I'm
all the way to SB to see my mother
that's about it today I filmed my
Tuesday my Thursday video and post of it
and then that's not all I did say Matt
went and got me lunch I ate it and
that's the end let's go to Santa Barbara
oh there we go
Chacho carry out the carry out that
carried out the flag fire has done
nothing so we died oh I think you don't
know live in America by a half mass
meeting in the middle to Poland on the
top of the pole
usually on holidays like Veterans Day
and things like that or 9/11 - it's like
a symbol of mourning those who've lost
and would like a tragedy happen or
something but I don't believe today's
anniversary of anything means something
terrible happened in this town today or
yesterday and that is that and I am sad
about now
mamacita oh my goodness decorations why
I'm laughing
Oh looks like this feels like that
I'm your name fish oh my gosh I love you
all right here all the presents we're
gonna open so I'm going to switch SD
cards to do the PIO box opening video so
I'll talk to you guys afterwards I gotta
pay for my little hat
my mom's cute we just finished filming
to see a box opening video and this is
my mother's living room now thanks for
letting me do this here ma now I don't
want to show too many things that I got
from the peel box so though you guys
watch the peel box opening video but I
am going to show you some things someone
framed the celebrity famous birthday
account picture whatever thing that ugly
picture of me they framed it sent it to
me
Touche I applaud you I applaud you also
someone sent me a hug it's Robin Black
Raven for fingers eyes look that's with
you guys I would just feel like a kid
who just had a birthday party I had to
write down on posted what each return
letter got me so let's go write you guys
back then I've tried to organize all my
presents my mommy just made me dinner
I got some veggies and some facial send
some corn off of the cob and some salad
and the Molly and the daddy and instan
America you love it alright so we
cleaned up everything but the glitter on
the floor and if you guys don't love the
satisfaction of vacuuming you're wrong
because watch how satisfying this is
yes I do love vacuuming that much but
it's actually my favorite thing and
cleaning is vacuuming it's just so
satisfying anyway that's it for today
the peel box opening video will be up
tomorrow but big shout out to my mom for
putting up with that I made a massive
mess in our living room I cleaned it up
my father helped a little bit mom helped
a little superb effort but I mainly
cleaned it up I got it done but I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
okay
the weather
