it's my birthday it's my birthday it's
my birthday it's my birthday it's my
birthday it's my birthday it's my
birthday you know what's up birthday I'm
oh no huge plans for today
I did not vlog yesterday so I'm doing a
livestream today instead I just took a
personal day that's also just livestream
today and then I think I'm Saturday I'll
post my peal box opening video and I'm
going to film tomorrow with my mother so
there will still be all of the videos
there will be something on my channel
every day but I think for lunch today I
am going to get one it is Wednesday and
my birthday which calls for waffles and
then I'll probably do some sort of
activity and Cooling's got a gift she
wants to give me but knowing her she'll
be in the writer term till 3 a.m. so
I'll get sonogram
my arms tired alright so it's way later
so clean is a present for me
apparently it was accidentally in the
back of course snapchat and so she
called me was like you can't go on
Twitter snapchat Perez is a day so I
haven't been on Twitter or snapchat
he thinks that phone call it like four
and it's eight o'clock now so I'm gonna
go get my present from her what
since birthdays been super chill I had a
party on Sunday that was like my thing
and then oh now today it was Matt a
little bit while I hung out with him all
day but we did waffles the batting cages
and then I watched finding dory randomly
I was just like kinda bored and I've
been wanting to watch that movie and
Matt couldn't tell me no because my
birthday so we watch the basketball game
now heading over to Khalid it's been a
relaxing birthday show but I have no
idea what Cooley got me you all think
she got me a dog but she did not get me
that so let's go find out what you take
it ok I'll film you God what is this ok
I have a present for Rachel bring it up
everyone saw this dog of mine and
thought I got you a real dog by the way
you just killed the dog they
already break it there's a pedal which
you're in Reverse you're a nervous it's
a joystick it's a joystick there you go
now Drive
when you're on slow so switch it to fast
okay so let's turn to you around been
around here fast right now by the way
you're allowed to break it
it's that thing put your back there you
go yeah what's on fast right now if you
wanted to go slower there you go go to
the creative love
today day oh my god okay she found the
remote control this is a little easier
figured out that if I steer with my left
hand
and use the remote control to do the gas
I can drive it pretty well trying to get
me ridin dirty tryna catch me right
dirty bastard
you did it i'm i'm i'm solo solo solo ah
like celebration okay so that was my
birthday
i had so much fun I cannot believe Kohli
bought me that little toy car my
childhood dreams have been completed I
have done everything I wanted to do as a
child except be a spy but that's that's
a tall order a series I love that they I
brought it home and Matt immediately
jump it and started driving it around
everybody loves those there's no one
that doesn't love those little toy cars
I'm obsessed with them anyway seriously
thank you willing so much you threw my
party on Sunday and you got me so the
best present that's ever existed I'm
still smiling I was laughing while going
through this vlog footage it might not
be funny to anybody else but I just the
joy it brings me I am obsessed with it
Thank You Corey that you Khalid I love
you guys I love you Khalid so much
that's it and you tomorrow bye
