oh he's gonna vlog earlier but then I
couldn't find my blog camera and I
realized I left it at Colleen's last
night so I had to go over and get it
we're at the mall we're gonna grab some
lunch and then go to the Apple store and
that's our day so far so there you go
good Cheryl it cuz I'm healthy that's
what this looks like
Mall was a success we bought bright at
the mall that sounds weird but there's a
bread place at the mall and we brought
bread there but now that means I had to
go to the grocery store to get Turkey
for that bread it's the cycle of life
meds I would not know that's not it
about way more than I went in to
actually buy at old foods it was a
moment for me ah there's nothing to
report this day is boring I have to
start doing more work I did work then I
took a break and I got to do more work
best life time to do it remove IDEO is
swimming in the beach a really long time
ago like we go had just finished that
video that'll be up by the time this is
up so I'm posting it tomorrow but that's
today for you so that should already be
out uh yeah took me a really long time
to finish that video
it is literally four minutes long and I
had to go to a lot of different
locations to do it I hope you guys are
bringing it okay it's time to announce
the giveaway stuff this I like did it I
like announced it and then I forgot to
pick people for a couple days so I just
we just did it so this Lego thing ice
tray
jello I don't know what it is is going
to holla her brother really wants it so
holla gets that the heart pillow goes to
Izzy so is he gets that
the winky-face emoji goes Joe will go
Emily Emily gets this one the face emoji
goes to Elizabeth and the angry emoji
goes to Sara and the sunflower hat goes
to Morgan so that's it those are the
giveaway things you're welcome
yeah I already deemed you guys
and I'll have them shipped out
eventually when I again I mean I had the
strength to go to the post office it's a
lot of strength of energy and
determination to cut a post office just
enough okay I had forgotten to change my
calendar these are the new puppies I
know you guys were very concerned these
are the new puppies for this month my
month April so look it's got a little
here silly little doggies
that's it for this vlog I'm so sorry
this is so short there are days when I
literally don't do anything but I'm just
on my computer all day I've been trying
not to post these nothingness vlogs but
some days just failing you I'm just
sorry I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow all right fine
