good morning 6:45 a.m. and getting ready
to leave for back to LA oh I'm tired so
it's in the Monday shower
guys I'm getting ready to leave and I
realized that I still had an envelope I
hadn't opened and went with this mermaid
tail someone gave me that I'll show you
guys later
open that Starbucks gift card in it Laci
you don't understand how much this means
to me when I guess some coffee at the
airport I'm so happy
Thank You Lacey the best present ever
accept all the other ones I've also
gotten are the best nice thank you
alright we're at the airport now I want
to fly at home my dad see yourself
around the airport because he's a little
sweetheart but cool tune timtam oh my
god oh this bad angle Thank You vetted
thank you okay so anyway we must go home
but Colleen planned a birthday party
splash her and Cory going-away party
tonight at her house at 5:00 so my whole
family's going to come to town so that
should be a lot of fun are you coming I
am wow you're actually I didn't think
you were cuz you're leaving in the
morning for new San Francisco oh my gosh
are you gonna bring your dog oh we can
you honest you yes something obviously
is I've heard the party I want to go
tonight shall be fun
so we've been watching a lot of cat
filled videos and so now all we want to
do is put Gus in a glass bowl and just
watch him morph into the shape just
whoa oh whoa Denmark did not work not
gonna it's not happening apply he's not
doing it very well
you Sophie many put some more you just
have to relax but he's not going to
relax you had a rough day you just want
to go to sleep come on Gus Oh see I just
want him to morph into it come on it's
kind of starting to perfect he just
looks so pretty
oh he's not gonna do it all he's doing
he's a fatty my cakes melting whoops all
right that's it for this vlog I had a
lot of fun of my birthday party I'm so
glad my family could come down my
birthday's ones saying it's not the
party was early but that's because it's
in the middle of the week I don't wanna
make people drive in the middle of the
week when they have work and stuff and
then Coleen's gonna be writing all this
week Christopher and so some day was
like the only day to do it and I'm
really glad it actually got to happen
because I was really sad I was going to
like hang out with anyone for my
birthday or like celebrate it well I got
to and I'm really glad I drove out to
come and it makes me happy and then all
the things and so that's it so thanks
everyone who came and I love you guys
and I love people that didn't even come
I just love people but I don't undercut
thanks for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
