hello my little darlings 10:30 my mom
wants me and what's 10:41 like my mom's
in town to pick up Gus because she's
going to take care of him a world and
Tucson so she's thinking of Gus and she
wants me to go over and hug her Oh
mothers so I want to go over and hug her
and I come back and get stuff done
because we've I leave here at 5:20
tonight so I need to get some stuff done
literally not in focus but literally I
ran over to co-leads to say hi to my mom
she hugged grand and she left she was
there for all of 10 minutes she picked
up Gus and then lashing out again around
so that was a good little trip to see my
mother but she gave me a bunch of stuff
that you guys said to my peel box the
trunk of my car I get that out but I'm
almost done editing my vlog for today
and then okay one thing I could do is
fix this camera because it's broken it's
like that's the viewfinder I'm wiggling
around that shouldn't wiggle so I have
to get my glasses screwdriver and fix
that a little bit a little bit all right
now I'm just doing this you see how how
long I don't explain this ah sure I
don't know how blog is supposed to be
but this isn't supposed to be this loose
and it Wiggles back and forth and it's
not supposed to on how to turn a little
screwdriver and I just I want to screw
these in a little tighter I think that's
the only issue or catharsis there goes
yeah that was super loose there it is
there we go I don't wiggle anymore boom
tight tight that's how you get things
done you do them oh I feel so much
better now that that doesn't shake well
now I'm shaking the camera but see the
air doesn't wiggle I'm an Arizona now
and guess who's here
there's a Heather Cory oh I was sure and
focused not you are yes Queen yes
so the mates this guy was here fixing
the AC because it wasn't working and of
course that's one chorus Isis destroyed
the hotel room I know what you are
talking about what you think we're
wearing right now is reka pants holy cow
we be rockin these jeans so tight
give me a button princess party anyway
we're in Arizona now and we're about to
go to wall Maria Levin p.m. no it's 10
p.m.
I don't think any of us have eaten
dinner so we're all little loopings yeah
I had a big bar Hey airplane life we're
gonna go get some props a tricycle and a
dolly normal and that's our line I'm
dolly but like that do people call a
doll a dolly yes oh I guess okay I
didn't play with those I played with GI
Joe we made it I made it to Walmart we
grabbed a bunch of cookies on our way
out of the hotel and I just started
handing them out to people because we
had too many your basically is a good
cookie Samaritan I am about an actual
thing can it be now
I just like being ground look how happy
this little boy is to be floating on
some poop he found in the pool I wish I
was this tiny so I could actually do
this so if we watch Killeen vlog you
know that she got addicted to this dog
tag making machine and she just keeps
engraving things like anal onto dog tags
I know I'm starving I haven't eaten
dinner and it's 11:00 p.m. and Corey's
always hungry so who we are walking to
in and out while cooling stays and puts
a picture of us on an ornament I don't
even know - Cory and I are walking over
to in and out to grab some food and then
we're all going to go back to the hotel
and Cory's carrying the little bicycle
around the big bicycle everywhere masks
from us
I'm 64 my shirt 60 for my shirt so sexy
many personal calendar can hear ya hey
so we're back at our hotels hung out and
clean and Heather's room for a while now
I'm back in my own room come on eighth
floor which is very high up I doubt
you'll be able to see like Oh bad noise
oh good Moony we'll get moving you know
women really miss like a deck right now
there it is
it's not that impressive but it really
makes me want to wake up and watch the
Sun Rise also be a ghost come on
lighting where are you going you Miguel
this is good but there is no way in the
world I'm actually going to wake up to
watch the Sun Rise but I think it would
be beautiful I'll be in a theater
tomorrow for the sunset maybe I could
set a little bit of one alarm I think
you'd be pretty great which ways north
my body feels that North is that way
am i right is there a compass on this
watch hmm so no compass on that well
that's a flaw my body compass was right
North is that way
which means sunrises in East oh man the
Sun rises over there windows over there
will I be able to see it I doubt it oh
but I want to see it so paying will see
what time the Sun is supposed to rise
and that will determine if I said alarm
alright the Sun rises at 6:00 11:00 a.m.
I'd be able to wake up for that and go
back to sleep immediately I think you'd
be pretty I might do it you guys don't
care you'll see if I do it or not good
morning okay
so I set my alarm to watch the Sun Rise
and my alarm went off at 6:00 because
roses
6:11 so I was already up don't sail so
much sleep well you got a bed and get
ready for the day the livestream today
because Saturday and then I have to a
good lunch and then I have to go to the
theater to do the show doing the show
yes yes ok I just did a live stream and
now is lunch time we're getting Mexican
food because we're in Arizona and that's
what you do delicious and then we're
going to the theater you guys watch my
snapchat even though that uh I was
trying to pack my posters in here so
let's see if it works out well a grout
posters I lined them with letters and
t-shirts just come on clear right now
that's top and bottom one we're already
ruined
see we seem to have survived a life like
himself Oh sir it is very strange being
back in the system MoMA has to tell you
I was like there's a simple nervous
that's about it you're like I'm going to
be sure everything's right and
everything's good I have a demonsaw yeah
I think I'm good - 15 letters and get
here till 3:30 but I mean no one else
this
oh where I grew up running this computer
here our setlist coffee
the Cory's new though he wasn't around
when I was around but I appreciate that
he's here now so I've been at the
theater for awhile and I heard that
cooling on an edible arrangement and
Loki jealous over here and the core just
came in and sips he and I both got one
as well
it's from Jeff Lynne I'm obsessed with
you I love you thank you this is love
this is love would someone send you food
I'm sorry - let me sing it Robert I've
never been happier I'm happy a lot the
best no real my entire life your
thoughts
all right we just ran Tech which was
easy peasy lemon squeezy but words are
not easy
we're just here I still live of a guy
you're figuring out the last few pieces
of before the meet greet and then that's
it
down
okay we did the meet-and-greet which was
fantastic
and we're about to do the show and we're
going over things I'm nervous I'm gonna
mess up don't tell Colleen I haven't run
the laptop in a few years so we'll see
how this goes
look how good I am at this job hold on
wait for it boom bling slide
Oh
ah we did the show and I didn't need
that kind of mid member I feel like
maybe I'll slow to few slides but that's
because dumping it on the computer
wasn't I thought there's a lot of fun I
would show clean but she is currently
taking her bra yappin help on yeah okay
ah we I just we're just not leaving the
theater we said hello to a lovely bunch
of lovely humans but Colleen just farted
so I throw the window down
Oh
