anybody here know cool just hanging out
by myself like I always do with Fidel
with but all Widow uma dolls
hey hi everybody how y'all doing start
it up there is no hashtag we're just
hanging out because while I write a
hashtag when I still look at my Twitter
notifications my dogs eating a ball
normal it used to squeak it no longer
does who knows what he did to it
alrighty then let's follow there's a
hashtag there's so much time there's no
hashtag for all the people ask him
okie dokie Becca says hey hello Becca
how are you hope you're splendid
hey I'm watching hey Haley I'm watching
you watching me or watching your Twitter
that's weird the brightness down twice
the brightness so not bright
I feel dark feel like of a weird filter
on me what sorry I posted a vlog
yesterday I didn't feel like it
yesterday I went to the dump instead we
are doing a lot of construction in the
house as if you followed anything you've
know that's what I'm doing um we had a
bunch of laminate flooring that were
like what do we do with this so he took
it to the dump and it was a lot easier
and not as dirty as I thought it would
be what did he do with all that stuff
we're killing the earth skies I'm part
of that I did it I helped kill the earth
I feel bad about it but that I need to
get let's go to the floor was I supposed
to do with it
you look cute though well thanks Leah so
I've been trying trying as the keyword
to do more effort with my makeup and
well I didn't cut this was covered well
earlier it's not covered well anymore
this is what happens when your dog licks
your face a bunch and then you don't
wash face afterwards that was smart of
me I knew it would happen anyway I'm
trying more with my makeup that's all
don't look at it though I'm glad I have
glasses on because it kind of hides a
lot of it you can't really see so tell
you get more comfortable with it my
glasses help me something will wrong tap
to retry Jessie I hope you figured it
out would you rather be beautiful in
yours eyes only or be beautiful and
everyone else's but your own I don't
know so everyone the world would think
I'm ugly I don't want to answer this
this is - this is it would get too
depressing I don't answer that
Rachel how's your new house it's good
it's going along every day we finish a
project or little ones for a big one
tomorrow I think we have to paint the
gym and Matt's room reformats room
matt has an office it's the guest room
office whatever we still have to buy
trim for the whole house but you're not
gonna buy trim until we replace some of
the doors because if you do the trim and
then replace the doors you take off a
trim you just put on to do the doors and
then we have to paint in the living room
and then do all the replace all the
electrical outlets and switches and then
we have to build all our furniture I
keep watching stupid home renovations
shows and it makes me want to do new
things every one so Mike why didn't we
have molding in the middle of the wall
and have the bottom section a different
color
because that would take more effort in
time and money i watch the property
brothers a lot and they had the show
brother versus brother and that one I'm
like these people are renovating an
entire house in three days and I can't
even get my host done two months but I
know the professional Rachael that mayor
behind you is the devil it shows all
your flaws ah yeah I love it
it lets me pick all my eyebrow hairs and
my moustache hairs and mix makes me see
myself I'm not talking about that here
guys it's merely you can't even see
anything with it right now and it's what
I use for my manga block because I want
from makeup tutorials and I put my
mirror right here and then I try and
follow along so it's my makeup here what
color are you painting we just spent an
hour at Home Depot trying to figure all
this out we should stop going to Home
Depot because there's other places to go
that I have gift cards Home Depot and I
didn't just use them what is my problem
I'll go back anyway so in my office
every walls different color I have
medium grey a light green light purple
and then this like beige that that walls
are you were Matt made funny before and
then he painted the walls marine you
know that looks cool so now I keep
telling about accent walls for all the
walls are one color except one it's more
of a bold statement walls it's like a
different color or you have like like
wood paneling or just you know different
things and so he decided that words
gonna do it in the gym we're gonna do
three medium grey walls and then just
calm down when I say this and then an
orange wall and the orange wall is gonna
have a huge mirror over it this is the
gym and you won't look at yourself are
you working out of course what's the
point but so it's gonna be at orange
wall with a big mural it's you're going
to see like the size but it's so gonna
be an orange wall
the color is called flaming torch and
then we're still trying to figure out
Matt's Lex the guest room hey nobody
wants to have a a
foresty green wall and then maybe the
rest gray but then also he's awesome
really likes that I have four different
colors I did it because different colors
for different pictures different videos
it gives you options that's why I did it
but he just looked cool too cuz I'm a
better designer it's a child's room I've
made a child
arge yes orange listen it's the thing
it's a gym it's a gym it's supposed to
be bold and like get into it supposed to
scream at you that's what gyms are
supposed to do you sound like my parents
they have so many accent walls it's
interior design cut HGTV makes everyone
think that they can design things we
can't I'm bad at it but I like to try
orange maybe know it was Matt's idea and
I'm just letting him do it okay it's the
gym no one's gonna go in there we'll
paint it when we need to sell or rent
the house out whatever just I'm gonna
let him do it let him have his clothes
move on Mike up Mike I like the sweater
and it's orange it's okay okay would you
rather have a rich and ugly boyfriend or
poor but beautiful boyfriend hmm which
one has a better personality we should
stop going to Home Depot I'll go back
okay me too listen Home Depot isn't the
best I mean I love it but if you want a
better deal in things like you're
shopping for doors or paint or molding
or floors you should not go to Home
Depot because they up the price of
everything and I have a limited variety
of those things because it's a
convenient place to go so but it is
convenient so what if I need like a few
things I'll just go to Home Depot real
crap
well quick real quick grab a few things
but if I need like a bunch of floors
like I did a flooring store so it's a
convenience thing like oh if I need one
drill bit I'm not gonna go to a drill
store please go home debug that's the
dog you and that freaking ball have a he
figured out the squeaking again oh you
can see him the title earlier I have a
pitbull training specialist coming cuz
the camp accent him to make him his
problems worse and then added some more
problems dude so I have a pitbull
specialist coming on Wednesday to do
training in the house so like he's
sounded great I'm supposed to take away
all the squeaky toys cuz squeaky toys is
training him to go after things that
squeak like small little rodents and
animals and babies so he's gonna lose
all his toys and the guy I touch with
the guy on the phone a specialist he was
like you ever want to have kids like
yeah he's like you can't basically have
any toy that resembles a kid's toy
because when you have a baby or a kid
and they have their toy and the dog
wants it what do you thinks gonna win
the fight of getting the toy that makes
sense
so all these things like yep yep this
sounds right so anyway he's coming in
he's gonna help me on a few things
and mines me by one of my big things is
that blaze doesn't get along with cats
he wants to go after them and so he was
like I'm the cat so if you like our
session I can bring him to the facility
with you you don't have to become a few
months but he's gonna train blaze on how
to be around cats which is what I really
really really want and it's one of my
main things is I need pictures of him
with Daisy and Gus so that's that's
happening Wednesday and Thursday I'm
going to a hockey thing with Andrew my
cousin Andrew he got tickets to a hockey
game and I learned the Kings games and
then he's also himself beforehand at the
Staples Center which is where all the
sports happens in LA he gets to play
hockey there on the in the rink and I'm
gonna go watch him that's one of those
there's
have fun week plans I should vlog it
shouldn't I how do you whistle your
phone users I'm sorry but here you go
okay well that's how I get you to stop
squeaking I I can do it I can actually
whistle better in healings that I do
exhaling I know how to do it I just do
it dude you have to be really annoying
for all of them I'm sure I've lost
viewers because of you squeaking that
thing he let it roll away I'm sad
where's blaze he's literally right there
squeaking he's running around down
you're wearing the same thing is your
last livestream I love it the jacket
little thing I was wearing this tank and
bra combo Calvin Klein but I probably
bring the jacket at night it gets cold
so I just throw this jacket no matter
what I'm wearing under it son form and
Rachael your house will look amazing
when it's complete Victoria I'm trying
it's gonna take a while though
we were just talking about what should
we should because we need start building
furniture to have our life be limit when
we're talking about what we should
finish in the house first Wow smart
smart smart we're trying to figure out
yes there's a lot of planning and
decisions and there's just two of us Tom
whispered I don't know that trust that
Caesar dog whisperer human person hi hi
hi give me this give me the ball you're
annoying give me the ball
yeah ready we're gonna search the door
for clothes you can't catch things in
the air like you know eyes sometimes you
throw a dog a piece of food he tries to
jump at it but misses it but I wish you
as his down as that dog that let all the
food in his face blaze it doesn't let it
hit his face but dude you need to stop
speaking so thank you um have you guys
seen that video where that the guy who's
like throwing like pizza slices and
burgers and whole chickens up his dog
and the dog just cannot catch anything
in its mouth place isn't as funny as
that but he is that uncoordinated
where's your jacket from I have no idea
bring us questions I think : got it for
Christmas two years ago or something
like that dude stop squeaking HDTV is
such a trap it's also the best thing
ever
yes I said I've been saying if like
three I am watching stupid HGTV shows
and I need to stop it because like sleep
schedules so messed up hey hey hey hey
please stop it how annoying is this
squeaking because it was really annoying
I'll throw in the other room wow you
upped it you upped it when I asked he's
like you want to get kicked out that's
how he loves that toys it squeaks
I'm trying to read your eyes as tweets
but you're all just having conversations
and I'm not even in enough conversations
anymore oh did you lose your ball he
doesn't want me to get the ball you
asked me to fight for the ball and lose
my bone um I just started on my lips
breathe out so heavily from my nose that
i snotted on myself Molly I'm supposed
to tell you not eat little dogs I know
what that means but I've said it you
know that pink sweater you have
sweatshirt you have where is it from
I'm a pink sweatshirt I stole one of
Colleen's once I think it's formation M
oh no oh no no I don't when you're
talking about it's from cotton on good
good catch good catch how was your day
it was good I sold an oven Hey I walked
my dog
I went home depot I'm going to pull
foods and I took some pictures you
accidentally got my fingernails that
perk I know you didn't mean to but a
hurt vicious um give it to me yeah I
took pictures I was fun part of my day I
took someone like you pictures of hints
I have a onesie I want to put hemming I
bought him the onesie but it hasn't been
cold I bought it for what it's cold
because he's got short little hair and I
was like oh onesie
but it's been like 80 every day what's
the weather
show me the weather
okay Oh Friday it's 61 so Friday you are
gonna wear a onesie everyone from these
coasts is like that's cold dude you got
to stop the squeaking sooo it's not
won't last long do you think
caterpillars no they turn into
butterflies they just start building a
cocoon they'd have no idea what they're
doing and they get wings and they're all
confused and that's how they used to be
um I don't think they're conscious of it
I think they just naturally do it and
then when it come out as a butterfly
they're like okay what
where's bats from what did I get this I
just get scratches all over the place
anyway
I don't think they're conscious of it
did you do what's your cover photo of
what's your cover photo of what's a
cover photo excuse me I did not invite
you back in here with this week eNOS
this is probably gonna be a shorter live
stream because he's very hyper
he sleeps whenever we leave the house
we've noticed that like maybe we had
fibers can be if we leave the house yeah
I bit my nail because he saw it on my
son dude stop sweet hinge he'll go
straight to sleep as soon as we leave
the house so and he'll stay asleep until
we're back I think he's just like this
past the time I don't be conscious while
they're gone but so far gone for a long
period of time I can wear today someone
to home people for a while the grocery
store and stuff he gets very hyper more
home because he's been asleep for a few
hours so hey you catch up my calls
ready okay helps you on it proud mother
doing don't squeak it you're pulling me
did you not take place the part said no
I did not I think my long walks because
it's our legs if it's so called suffle
to that taking anyone walks randomly
throughout the day has been a lot easier
than taking him to the park at a certain
time close friends so he isn't able to
go lately he rendered against it place
it good boy
ready oh you missed it I'm not on a
proud when is national twinness national
pie day March 14th right 3.14 that's pie
I mean that's what in math that's when
we always celebrated it do you play GTA
that's Grand Theft Auto right I have I
don't play it regularly I own it mater
blaze for what - which do you keep
getting my finger by accident my fault
putting my hand in his mouth as he's
chewing stop stop
it sounds like you're having airy earth
you know the quartz I'm talking about
this area parts I just like they don't
make a flapping noise or just you're
pulling me
you're literally pulling me around the
room superboring like I should stop
doing that this is very annoying to do
it's it's oh yeah it's really negative
twenty somewhere America right now do do
do do
Rachel's Matt you have magical powers
house Jess what are you talking about
how do I imagine the powers oh my god
have you ever seen Colleen's video a
Christmas picture of how Ellen walked
past them as they were coming out of a
meeting and there's paparazzi everywhere
I didn't she didn't even text me about
it I had to see it on social media and I
texted her Madol like why didn't you
tell me about this so I had no other
information than the video you guys have
seen her she just said how I forgot but
yeah you just farted I heard it I heard
you toot and it wasn't Airy it was a it
was a juicy one is it you want your ball
get to play with it in the other room
twenty ball I'm gonna walk you out you
guys like my socks with sandals these
are the kind of sandals you wear with
socks
these are wear with sucks if there's a
toe involve a toast buddy you do not
wear socks with it but these around the
house is fine just
so you know previous tweets Sara asked
me something interesting she forgot that
she saw Ellen she didn't forget she
forgot to text me and tell me wow he
doesn't go back to show me and all good
for him this this is infected and I
definitely should put some hydrogen
peroxide and Neosporin on it but I have
no idea where I got this fun went from
one day I just looked down and it was in
pain and I'm like oh I'm bleeding and I
have no idea how it happened
definitely do you have an extra earring
that I can use I don't know what that
means
no that's weird is it unhygenic to share
earrings like you know house where'd you
get like the that's that like gunk in
your ear hole like in the area if you
don't wear earrings from us you stick an
earring through there's gunk on the back
of the ear you don't act like you don't
know what I'm talking about and it has a
gross smell to it earring backing smells
is should you not should that not mix
with other people's kiddin can you hear
get infected from this duck can you hear
get your ear hole earring hole get
affected can you share these people I
don't necessarily range with Colleen
sometimes she's a dirty person
you know to degree she's lovely but I've
never gotten infected from it Adidas
Nike or Under Armour I don't know
anymore I don't know I used to be
against adidas but they're coming out
with really good shoes lately or they're
just shoes have just been in like this
that are finally in again but um I know
I saw good shoes I don't like to shoot
some Under Armour
I like their I don't
I like all of them for different reasons
if one of them sponsors me I'll like
that one the most
but I doubt that'll ever happen so right
now I like them all for different things
you're really passionate about your
socks and sandals because people are
gonna make try and make fun of you for
it but I enjoy it so I don't even care
clicking blaze come back do you really
want that squeaking in your years ago he
can those are not sandals right what do
they call it Steph what are these called
because people every time I've ever
posted a picture and everything
recycling sandals are they they're slip
ons what are they called
this what are they I don't know what
they are what are they what's your
Twitter header photo from with teenie
and Heather it is from haters back off
season 2 when we were in the audience
it's my claim to fame guys that was my
big Hollywood break through come on talk
about the same about my size people need
to know you're right they do I haven't
really been talking about them just cuz
I am kind of like what what the eff like
Coleen's spread a lot of knowledge and
stuff and that good I'm just I haven't
realized I haven't know what I didn't
say so September you know the Thomas
fire which is the biggest I think it's
the largest fire that happened in
California history and basically just
burned a lot of Southern California down
and then it's still burning in the back
like even like where people don't live
anymore it's really contained and it's
almost out or something like that but
it's still it's been burning for a month
now it happened right before Christmas
and it's still going but anyway it is
this place called Montecito which is
right it's in the Santa Barbara County
but it's like right next to Santa
Barbara but it's it's Santa Barbara it's
this place and it the fires didn't it
hit some of the homes but it mainly went
around the homes and so firefighters are
amazing and it burned all the hills
right above it cuz there's Hills in
Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara it's
ocean flat where ruin lives and then
Hills people some people live on the
hills but then there's a bunch of
mountains and Hills so it's Hills flat
ocean well all that the hills burned and
when the hills burned and it rains
there's nothing to really absorb the
rain and stop the rain and so basically
what happened is everything burned and
then it rained two days straight like
heavy rains in Santa Barbara
/ - Edo and mudslides happened and a lot
of people were told to evacuate there's
a lot of voluntary evacuations and there
were places that they didn't think would
get hit with West slides that got hit
with mudslides and a lot of people died
and the freeway we have one freeway in a
Santa Barbara it's called the 101 and it
goes all the way from Washington like
almost to Canada all the way down to
where is it it's like it's about to the
bottom in California it's like
California's main freeway anyway and so
the mudslides just it happened like and
it happened in a second people that were
told like everyone like people died
anyway they're much less happened and it
killed a lot of people and they're still
trying to find people and locate people
and a lot of animals have died and a lot
of houses hundreds of houses destroyed
or hit and the freeway has been shut
down for like since it happened
and like for a week and they already
gonna try to remove the mud on the fruit
because the freeway turned into a mud
river it's you can't drive on it there
are semis you if you see pictures
there's semis like halfway up so it was
like just they ran into the mud and then
the you could tell how high the mud is
in fact these semis are stuck in it but
yeah they haven't even tried to start
removing the mud from the freeway so
like the freeways just been shut down
and I'm going to try to remove the mud
because they're still looking for people
and it's terrible
and luckily Santa Barbara is an amazing
community like I'm obsessed with my
hometown and everyone's banding together
and just everyone's being great but it's
there did you it sucks it sucks a lot I
haven't really known what to say or
whatever I mean my parents are like my
family
my family's fine they live far enough
away we didn't hit them and hit my
family's houses or anything but they're
stuck it's insane about roundness they
take a four-hour roundabout some people
in Santa Barbara kinda like stuck there
which is the least of the worries at the
moment but it's just this terrible thing
like we survived people survived the
Thomas fire very few casualties in the
Thomas fire that thing raged for months
and people were constantly being
evacuated and and finally everyone was
like ok it's done hitting houses finally
and then my slide came and destroyed
more than and killed more than the fire
did which I just I mean my mom has
called me like and just some tears and
Colleen's in tears every day and we're
all just like you don't know it's
because right now we're helpless for
like everyone's helpless we don't the
army has to come in the army is actually
on their way to Sam bar right now to
help clean up and find people and just
they're having they can't responders
first responders can't actually get in
you can't drive into Montecito because
everything is a flow of mud so they're
having helicopters literally just having
to just fly over and drop people off in
middle parts and so people can search
it's it's insane no I don't think our
town's ever gone for anything like this
so anyway that's what the talk that's
but it's called the Thomas mudslides
Thomas fire and mudslides it's what's
happening right now I mean the community
is banding together a lot of
organizations or figuring out what to do
the Army is coming in there's a bunch of
first responders but it's heartbreaking
so many children have died I mean just
then there's like it was just they were
everyone with sound asleep and then all
of a sudden because when you think
mudslides you're like oh is it just rain
and mud just flowing down but since
everything is burned up huge boulders
and trees we're getting swept down in
the mud because all the roots died so
they weren't stuck into the ground
anymore because you're a healthy branch
you can't really break it when you break
it it's like kind of wet and stuff and
the dried dead branch of snaps and it's
fine that's what all those trees were
they were just dead and so you just
there's just pictures of trees just in
houses new swept and all the tiny little
shops and stuff everything
ruins so it's it sucks and there isn't a
lot of news coverage around it which is
really stupid because the more it gets
coverage the more people can help but
there's there's been nothing I don't
know why that the fire got a lot of
acknowledgment which is great because it
helped with resources but there's the
mudslides aren't I don't understand why
um but I I don't know the whole thing
stressing me out and now live stream is
gotten sad but everyone my family is
okay
a lot of more they are stuck in Santa
Barbara right now unless they drive five
hours around to get tell they but yeah
my mom was signed up to help with the
Red Cross and we're all trying to figure
out charities and organizations to help
with and donate to and it's just it's a
lot and it sucks but it's it's getting
handled there was you guys see Ellen
FaceTime Oprah because Oprah owns a
house in Montecito and luckily her house
it's like a huge it's like a mountain as
I said mountain flat ocean the she lives
on a hill so it goes mountain flat
Oprah's houses on a hill
flat again in the ocean so her house in
you hit I heard that she was having
helicopters could land and take off on
her property I don't know if that's true
or not but Ellen FaceTime to Oprah and
Oprah in the middle of FaceTime ran into
firefighters that were searching the
area for people basically making sure
one was okay but this a lot it's a lot
is a lot and Ellen's hope Ellen owns a
house right next to Oprah so Monica
that's another thing is people are like
- it is a richer neighborhood that
doesn't mean that everyone lives there
is rich and also the people that owned
the stores there's a lot of like little
boutiques and cute little things the
people that almost aren't rich and at
all and those are all destroyed so these
people and all of like just anyone that
worked in Montecito can't go to work and
so everyone's just had a standstill so
like people are you know money's not
really a thing right now
people have lost their homes their
businesses and they have no income at
the moment there's so many people that
like it's it's everything it just sucks
it sucks a lot anyway let's let's go
into something a little bit happier even
though we shouldn't shy away from that
topic
I'm just let's yeah so if clean is
tweeted out a bunch of stuff if you guys
do want to help or donate or anything
clean sweet add a bunch of stuff Ellen's
tweeted out a bunch of stuff I'll
retweet some stuff but there's places
you can donate to to help with animal
wildlife because a lot of animals just
see they got swept away or died or just
don't have a home now because
everything's a mud pit so there's
there's not a student help families you
can help businesses there's a bunch of
stuff but I'll retweet some coding stuff
or you can just go over to her page
there's a lot of stuff there anyway our
lies fake truths or our truths
real lies truths are not real lies
because a real lie is a lie so a lie is
a fake truth realize that it's a lie
there you go the Muslims were shown on
the news in New Zealand yeah I saw that
in Australia New Zealand there was
coverage of the mudslides there but like
in most of America President Trump
called countries magnet a bad name about
word that's what our news coverage is
just it's times like these where you
wish you had a someone a little more
graceful in office there you go lies are
like fake fake truths yes tell us about
blazing
poop lol Megan listen my dog hasn't been
much of a poop eater um she just hasn't
and there was one time where he tried to
eat cat poop and I pulled it out of his
mouth without knowing what it was
realized he was cat poop and through it
and freaked out and wash my hands uh but
he hasn't been around a lot of capital
but dog poop he sniffs he's like oh like
pounces over it kind of touch that and
he'd hates dog poop he has no interest
in dog poop but we were on a walk and I
saw what I thought was dog poop and it
wasn't it was captain but I saw him
tried eating I pulled annoying and kept
walking and then that was yesterday
today I forgot and I was on my phone
responding to something and I realized
that as he yanked the leash I was like
no the cat poop and the news in his
mouth and I was like I'm not reaching in
there I'm not getting it you can eat cat
poop dude and he ate cat poop and he
tried to do or eat more cat poop on the
walk to this neighborhood there's a lot
of dogs and there's a lot of cats and
there's a lot of people and everyone's
very nice it's a very active
neighborhood which I didn't think it was
but I'm okay with X everyone's super
nice but there's a lot of cat poop ramp
and there's a lot of dogs we were gonna
walk and see about three dogs these
stress is that today I'm huge scratching
my back because I was walking late and I
hear a woman scream at a dog and this
little like wiener dog Chihuahua mix
comes charging up to us not like
growling anything but running full-speed
and it's about this big and blazes sixty
five seventy pounds this big and while
nests like eat the dog I was like I'm
just gonna take place up cuz this times
come in full force
who knows what vibe that's giving off
because I can't tell these dogs vibes
but blaze can so I picked plays up and
let the dog come at us I didn't try to
walk away I let the documentas so that
the owner could catch up and grab the
dog and so I'm holding blaze this
seventy pound massive muscle and this
little dog it comes up and he just kind
of sits and stares at us and it's like
we're all just me blazing this little
chihuahua thing are all sticky at each
other and then it flipped around and
then blaze started getting excited and
wanted to play with it but blaze if he
just backs it in play couldn't smush it
cuz blaze is massive and this thing was
like this big so I'm holding blaze and
he's trying to get any scratch my back
not in like I'm gonna scratch you to get
down but like he's
really doing this and some he scratched
me on my back but the lady took four she
came halfway across the street then turn
around and went back to drop something
off at the at the corner and then came
back to you get the dog I'm holding a
pitbull I am holding a pimple this is
not time to go put your keys down come
grab your dogs anyway we see a lot of
dogs on our walk a lot of cathodes
dude dude refreshing oh I need to go so
I have to go to the grocery store
tonight get peanut butter even though I
went to Whole Foods they don't have the
peanut butter listen
peanut butter should just be peanuts
that's my opinion and peanut there's
only rouses the only place that sells
peanut butter that is peanuts only every
else other place ads like an oil or salt
I don't want that I just want peanuts so
route I have people routes for peanuts
also they didn't have any jalapenos and
we're making fish tacos tomorrow they
have some guacamole these freakin
jalapenos to our stores one day there's
water wet I think so but scientifically
apparently it isn't I'm not a scientist
except I am but I'm not
slice the sales are called slides
someone thinks are called scuffs
I think people say I think I said Tana
say that they're slides all right yeah
that's what they're called slides you
can wear since socks the slides right
who invented the word slides that's
weird
good imitation of wiggling I have a lot
of this experience with wiggling I used
to wiggle all the time
i wiggle less now I don't know why maybe
cuz I'm more tired now but a good wiggle
really boosts the the energy levels and
the happiness in you did you cry when
you scratched you know you just just
hurt I went out and then but I didn't
want to add
extra emotions to the situation so I and
then walked away
I hate too many fries and I feel like
I'm gonna die
would you dip your french fries in
that's the question of the day eat at
iPod for me no I can't believe people
are actually eating Tide Pods now I the
second I saw that stupid Tide Pods oak I
was like great
someone's gonna eat a pot type odd and
died and sure enough people are eating
Tide Pods I don't know if anyone's died
from them but that people are definitely
needing Tide Pods I'm getting sick what
why why are people don't need to like
that bad you don't need it you really
don't you don't need to view that bad
people have different definitions for
quality content but seriously people
don't eat Tide Pods it's a joke by the
the internet people just don't think ii
I saw the joke I was like someone's
getting a freakin type on this is gonna
this
my dad is watching football and I'm
confused what's the sack I'm on I'm in
Australia mind you a sack is when the
person who throws the ball there's in
the offense when you have to bother
trying to score there's the main person
called the quarterback who throws the
ball he goes hike and he grabs the ball
and then either hands it took someone
who tries to run the ball or he throws
it to someone who tries to run the ball
to score when the defense tackles the
quarterback when the ball still on his
hand it's called a sack so when the
quarterback with the ball in his hands
gets tackled killeen says don't eat Tide
Pods rightfully don't and don't let
miranda eat one anything that is
something I'm concerned about : wait if
you're watching this why did you not
text me and tell me you saw Alan you're
the worst okay that's all what she smell
like that's my question
if water
wet than what is wet isn't it when
something has water on it then it is wet
it is about it but water is water on
water I have no idea
don't ask me questions please says I
forgot you you've got the worst sister
word Colleen is calling why you forgot
that you saw Alan and then had the
weirdest facial expression ever you look
like you're trying to look at
Christopher being like do you realize
it's Ellen so I was getting from
to me but like people they're really
cruel so my face was like being furious
at the good just a normal thing to
forget about obviously I was on her show
once so I so what was the meeting about
do I get this full scoop I'm gonna go to
the grocery store but there's a grocery
store by your house that I could go to
and said go see a show what show is this
is it singing is it a live show I hate
you all go that's how my life works by
the way I hope you enjoyed that little
phone call from Colleen um anyway I hope
you guys could hear her I don't know if
you could hear her but that was her
paparazzi experience with Alan um yeah
so anyway I am apparently going to a
show in 45 minutes so I need to go
freshen up this probably changed my
clothes I'm it's gonna be a singing live
show
wish me luck everybody so I'm gonna head
out I love you guys so much thanks for
watching thanks writing out with me
five minutes today but it's better than
30 minutes
again go to clean Twitter if you want to
donate or learn how to help for the
Montecito mudslides Thomas fire mudslide
things I forgot what they're calling it
I think it's the Thomas mudslide so
Thomas fire mudslide because it happened
because this is the Bucks I found
because the fire anyway I love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out with me I
will post a blog tomorrow I have one
snippet of what it is I try and do
electrical and vegans hate me that's all
it there you go okay I love you guys
think back
