and my life
that's tweet see what happens I hope
that I'm like I hope that it's working
I'll never doubt accept it a little bit
with one oh hold on chicken I have one
viewer oh can I see who they are I wish
I could see that it was I want you are
you doing how's life it's like a little
date oh there's more of you dang it
see if anyone said it it works alright
so P says it works so we're good to go
how's everybody doing today how's life
has anyone had any terrible April Fool's
jokes played on them because that sucks
I am NOT a fan of April Fool's
I don't do pranks I did one once and I
felt bad about it for like a year I
don't like this April Fool's that I
first April Fool's encounter and growing
up I knew was April Fool's Day but no
one in my family was a fan of pranks or
jokes like that so we just never did
anything and then one day my friend came
over from across the street and handed
me a piece of cake she's like we made
some sponge cake do you want some and I
was like you made sponge cake this is
weird and I'm not joking I was very
skeptical of the cake she's like just
take a bite so fine so I took a bite and
there was an actual sponge inside that
was the April Fool's joke
it wasn't sponge cake it was a sponge
like a break sponge painted with
frosting and it was rock solid and hurts
so bad to take a bite um and I got very
mad at her and sent her home and I I
hated April Fool's ever since that's my
April Fool's and got her all right let's
do jaws saying on Twitter's I'm doing a
Disney Marathon right now like what kind
of Disney okay
I would try and pronounce your name but
it is literally upside down letters that
I had never seen so at Perry ballinger
what kind of Disney Marathon are you
doing like
Disney Channel classic Disney cartoon
movies other kinds of Disney cartoon
movies are you just doing anything and
everything Disney it's intense
I'm just reading your guys's things
someone said laundry day what's I don't
know what that means are you doing
laundry today are you telling me that I
need to do laundry today because my
clothes are ugly
no what you mean your birthday is so
soon are you excited yes chicken nugget
that was her name
I'm not just calling her a chicken
nugget which I think would actually be a
really fun thing to call people yeah my
birthday's on Wednesday
that's very very soon I have no plans
still so I'm excited to exist more in
another year but I don't have anything
planned so it's not like a hyped-up
thing when you get whole dinner
birthdays and that's exciting
where is Queen Cory uh doing work I
don't know this live string oh by the
way this live stream is gonna be an hour
it's literally gonna be another like 15
minutes and then I have to go do work
cuz right now you didn't know which is
strange if you don't but if you don't
I'm in Arizona right now working for my
sister her normal assistant that does
this job had knee surgery so she
couldn't be here and so Queen was like
and I was like hey I know how to do it
I'll help you out so I'm helping out
with this trip and so and if I enjoy it
I might keep coming along I don't know I
took a nice three-year break from
touring so you don't know where's it to
year I don't remember how long have I
not been touring you guys know things
better than I do
those of you asking for stuff that give
away stuff from that blog a few days ago
I'm not going to pick it right now so
you don't have to keep spamming me
you're gonna make it so I can't see
anyone's comments
this live stream I love you you can spam
me later but right now I'm not going to
pick the winners of those I'm actually
gonna do that like when I get home it's
not gonna happen this trip
why aren't koalas considered bears they
are qualified okay I hate that we can't
like a jellyfish now it's no longer a
jellyfish like it is not a fish how dare
you or like a starfish is there's a
starfish that everyone's not about
there's what it's like either the
jellyfish with a dress starfish it was
like it is fish huh yeah and then now
there's things like the koala bear could
like excuse me he's not a bear but it's
just his name and why it's not my fault
they gave it that name don't get mad at
me get mad at the person that originally
named it it's not by I'm just goin by
the name I learned very upset about it
clean said kulim followed me and I
thought I was an April Fool's joke how
is that me how would that be a follow
you with an anthology or did you think
someone would make a fake account as her
and start following people today that'd
be mean that's a mean thing to do has
Mac played an April Fool's joke on you
no I don't think he ever would he
doesn't do pranks either which I'm very
happy about are you excited for the
Vegas show what sega's show are you
talking about are you trying to trick me
into telling you something that I have
zero Vegas shows on my radar so I have
no idea what you're talking about
I mean the internet your sucks
and I'm I'm gonna get comments that I'm
complaining but it's making it so I
can't reload your comments for a long
time so there are gonna be awkward
pauses will you bring your posters on
book tour no but I will bring my book
book tours there isn't like a merchant
besides just the book right I don't
think my publishers would allow it but
like people are here they need to buy
the book not the poster Rachel what is
the hashtag it's always Saturdays at
Rachel's guys I've been doing it I
didn't keep it up with these we've done
a lot of these it's one justice because
last year she put crickets in someone's
room for april fools walmart sells them
for five dollars that's miss not a joke
that's mean I think that's why I don't
like pranks cuz they're not jokes to me
they're they're mean they're mean I have
I'm not gonna deny that I've never
pulled a prank I have pulled a prank
before in my life have you in videoed it
but I it is not a thing that I like I
just I'm okay I vow from now on to never
pull a prank on anyone ever again I just
fit um I just think that they're mean
and that would be just because listen if
you put crickets in someone's room the
joke doesn't end once the clock strikes
midnight because there's no way you're
getting those crickets out of the room
so that was an April Fool's joke that
was just a mean thing to do see one room
I went to a high school thing today and
it was terrible but Saturday Sophie why
would you do that
I have standardized testing on your
birthday Oh Molly but doesn't that mean
you don't have normal classes and I
think and then standardized testing
unless what school it depends on your
school but like doesn't actually matter
so really you just have a boring day and
not a stressful day no my high school
that Saturday's testing if you guys
above a certain score you got free in
and out that's how you bribe
Californians by the way in and out so
people only try to do good for the in
and out I never got that an out I hated
it I was like I don't I don't care so I
just you know I kind of tried on those
things but it wasn't something I
stressed about I was like listen I can
drive 0.5 miles to edit out and get a
burger for a whole meal for five dollars
so I saved myself stress and bought my
own burger you should celebrate your
birthday on your birthday
yes Ava that's don't don't people
normally are you saying like I shouldn't
have a birthday very weird but cool I
was thinking of having a thingy not on
my birthday as two combined my birthday
and her going-away party so that people
didn't have to come twice so I think
maybe that's enough
you are pretty thanks P Diddy when you
looked in the mirror first thing this
morning what was the first thing you
thought I have I Krusty's up and then
there's a pimple that's the worst things
I thought I just kicked the router okay
used to this room um I'm using this
stuff that's supposed to make my
eyelashes stronger and longer it's not
working it's a gyp they're making my
eyes redder and more goopy so I need to
stop using it but I have so much hope in
it but it's making my eyes super freakin
goopy so now every morning there's just
like it's like a cluster of eye boogers
and then I there was a little pimple
right here but that wasn't the big deal
it was a little pop and then it was it
went away so that was fake no I don't
have a booger okay
I always say to have a booger but I just
had these like that's skin in there that
white thing that's kid those my nostrils
are weird did you like that that video
just not like that up close how's
Colleen is she busy she's putting on her
makeup in her room do you like
chocolate-covered strawberries yes just
me jessalyn jazz but yeah who doesn't
like chocolate covered strawberries I
freaking love those shoe are you excited
to meet cool people today yes a brill
that's a cool thing about torte is I get
to meet you guys so that should be
entertaining I bought tickets to your
show but then my dance competition
schedule changed now I can't go I'm so
sad pigs it's terrible
oh you will be greatly missed and I am
sad now and now I'm sad it's my parents
anniversary today they got married on
April Fool's how stupid is that no no
that's an April Fool's joke to me or not
but that would be a pretty lame joke if
it was so I'm just gonna believe you and
they clearly don't care about this day
it's Mattson my kiss over sory so
there's that did you know you were born
on your birthday that's crazy I have an
essay
another big test in like a week can you
pray for me I'm suing suck Tracy so
everybody everyone's just trying to sue
everybody okay I have to go to my game
now wish me luck good luck Ava okay what
is this thing you guys have been playing
it's like cartoon animals I don't
understand what it is but you guys named
them things I don't get it that's all no
one's using the hashtag use a hashtag
Saturdays of Rachel's oh you know why it
was because I was on top and not late us
rude you're almost 26 yes midnight snack
suggestions waffles that's always my
go-to midnight snack is waffles so that
oh my gosh I replaced the cream in an
Oreo with toothpaste my friend thought
it was Yemen ate them all you know
depending on what toothpaste you used
I'm sure it actually was pretty good
chocolate mint I mean that's a thing
also you're a terrible friend really
actually not she liked it so that
backfired on you so and that's the same
kinda nostrils as me good so you know
the suffering how long do
try and beat you on Tuesdays and
Thursdays if you didn't know if you
tweet out my main channel videos not my
vlogs with my main channel videos before
me I follow you and then if I already
follow you I DM you I give you guys
about 10 to 15 seconds except the past
two videos I've posted I've been out of
the house so they were scheduled and I
had to use this thing called HootSuite
HootSuite which you can time when your
tweets get sent out and that gave you
guys like 30 seconds but it's literally
I press public and then I go and I
imitate my last video before that put
that video in and then I go onto Twitter
and tweet so however long it takes me to
annotate the video before that is how
long you get to tweet out the video
that's what it is and then I like all
the tweets I see that I've tweeted out
before someone has responded to my tweet
yeah / follow the people I favorite it I
have a whole system so when people say
they beat me a very hard time believing
them because I have a foolproof system
that lets me see and figure out who has
tweeted out the video before me that's
all I'm saying any news on book tour no
I haven't nope nope there are scheduling
it that will actually happen it's just
that the publishing book world takes
longer than the internet world to get
things done and do things it's slower
pace which isn't a bad thing but it just
means it I don't have book dates yet
these literally v livestream I missed in
a row okay well how can you help me
convince my mom to drive you seven hours
to your show on June chicken nugget is
it possible to take a train because
those are fun and you can get there
without some driving you well I mean
there's train conductor driving you but
that's his job it's not your mother's
job to drive you places even though it'd
be very nice of her if she did
did you wear scrunchies as a kid yes I
did
yep nope I did I did that I didn't do it
as I what what did they stop wearing
scrunchies I I don't know when I stopped
but I fully did as a child that's what
that was in in the 90s it was scrunchies
I was born in early 90s so I wore
scrunchies just a thing hmm use Vaseline
to make your eyelashes grow up become
stronger it's surprising that actually
works I don't believe you Jenna
I think that's an April Fool's joke I'm
on my game today you can't trick me how
was your day I was good thanks for
asking
precut woke up at like 9:30 9:45 just
hung out in bed with on social media
it's held up thirty took a shower took
Heather and cooling some toothpaste
because they forgot it and now we're
here so that's that's been my day oh I
have to leave in like two minutes I have
to go get lunch and then do some work so
you get two more minutes in this little
face I'm really sorry this is a short
live street when I'm on the road and
we're doing I'm doing a tour doing the
show it's hard to schedule when to do an
hour livestream because it's you know we
have a consistent hour ever when you're
touring so sorry for the shortness but
thanks for hanging out for a little bit
my vlog will be super long tomorrow
because I've logged a lot a and I know
I'm gonna vlog a lot today so be
prepared for a super freaking long vlog
tomorrow knock on wood that I don't
forget about that I just said that hot
do something hold on and then we'll say
bye Shh slubby be okay
terr ready for your screenshot of the
day okay
that was super lame but you know life
happens I'm leaving love you guys and
see you later alligator
senator but uh no no no right
