heyo I'm currently on my way to
Disneyland
my friend Sammy is still in town and her
and her friend Jill are going to
Disneyland I don't know if anyone else
is going
you guys actually might know Jill she's
a beauty guru so we have so much in
common
I don't get it
these instructions a terrible and I feel
I'm joined now she's awesome humans but
I am on my way there I'm getting a late
start I won't get there till 11:30 I
thought my place was closer than it
actually was
woof that's fine I'll just have a fun
little day I've been there and really
long time don't even have a pass anymore
and so I got to get a new annual pass it
shall be fun octave didn't do it what is
this line for parking stop it Disneyland
you see how far in now girls listen I
only do this tonight on day one it's not
super packed this is like a day that is
super packed it's a Thursday why are you
all in school and at work what's going
on
seriously my friend said I just got
through security before the trams what
where are they you go through on
transcendental security
I'm so confused okay I've to mentally
prepare there will be long lines there
will be people that don't know how to
walk like they're slow not like people
in wheelchairs oh my gosh I said a
terrible like I met people that are just
they get in your way
some people just some people are bad at
walking all right so I just took me 20
minutes to park you know it's going to
be a rough day at Disneyland what it
takes you more than 10 minutes to park
so double that 20 that's how I'm going
to be my friends are doing inside Disney
they just got here so I have to I think
I'm gonna try and download the app and
get my ticket that way that seems
smarter right let's try
my baby inside this new plan and that
were inside Indiana home say hi
everybody
there it is so this is the first rider
going on we waited an hour in line why
am I trying to move it back but right
now that didn't make sense
I think I'm puzzled by see felt like I'm
in a car is yours yes
one second in and the right Road
literally Oh
magical yo there's no gold jill has a
theory there's a ghost there's no
freaking goes there's a go I'll go where
the pollen a little bit this is very
weird I just want to go on the ride so I
can't eat the food after so this is an
Anna Jones backwards and see you ever
wondered very magical why is this guy
putting his foot in the water he's
pouring out he's trying to clean a seat
was he just being rude when he poured
water out foot water tasty see this dude
really sad about the water he's drinking
because it's foot water from that dude
so our car broke and it's the one that's
causing all the delays and they're
taking it off the thing but they have to
get a ladder first because this is too
far it drops as you walk past this is
why we need a ladder oh cool oh yeah
every time I come to Disneyland with
them this ride break so we wait for a
ladder then we get off and they move the
car and then we can get back on oh
there's the ladder I see it because we
can't go one football Oh Disney
the attention with your life so we had
egg to the vehicle I wasn't supposed to
film any of it yes I don't like so now
everyone's waiting because our car sucks
now we have two ways to get back on this
is a lot of words to ride this ride
Rockstar after fifteen very suspenseful
minutes I get starting up again
hopefully we get on a car soon we're
just kind of hanging out on the other
side I don't know going on so they can't
fix it so we're getting passes to
hopefully ride it later cuz I this is a
good two hours did you go two hours a
lot of standings and three destroyed so
they gave us soft classes than any ride
at any time to make up for our lost time
so whoa
please found your calm but I'm getting a
corndog first it is outrageously crowded
here today I almost ran over a child it
is so packed I haven't been yours the
second time very very long time it's
Thursday
this is stupid I ate my corn dog
oh snap you're throwing up I'm literally
failed it I was running here while
eating it
that's pretty normal Sanford Astro
blasters come to me come to me come to
me Oh Oh this new crazy mother
ah
ah
ah
he
we went over to California Adventure
thinking that it would be less crowded
but it's not and it's I'm tired it's
very crowded and odd I'm just
complaining now this upsets me this
needs to be Tower of Terror now they're
trying to make a garden to the galaxy
and I'm upset by it it's literally going
to be the exact same ride but I'm
against it also every line is more than
70 minutes so we're not going on any
more ride we're just going to walk
around take pictures and people watch
but it is a very very crowded day and we
don't want to waste lines that long
we're back in Disneyland yes because we
don't know what to there seriously every
line in super long but some random dude
gave us a fascist to hyperspace Mouse so
we're going on that again that's
literally we don't ever touch it this is
what we've written today it is a very
crowded day okay I have a bone to pick
with Disneyland usually your employees
the nicest people on earth just super
happy enjoying life they're happy to
work here today I have not come across
one polite in Brussels Lisa from Indiana
Jones very nice and we had to vacate
clothes in the car but all of the other
people I've come in contact with today
are being very standoffish and I love
talking to Disneyland employees so
they're always happy suppose like hey
hey hey
and I was like here's a ticket
over it Disney get your people in order
okie-dokie cantaloupe 'yes i despite it
being super crowded out a lot of fun at
disney a lot of fun with sammy and gel
I'll put gels the YouTube channel in the
description if you feel like you wanna
go check it out but add a lot of fun
we literally rode Space Mountain then
Goofy's flight school and then Space
Mountain again those were the rides we
wrote we tried to ride Indiana Jones but
as you can tell it doesn't work out very
well they actually closed that right
down to the rest of the day oops but
that's it I love you guys thanks for
watching and see you tomorrow bye
and
and
