oh hello there how are you guys today
um I woke up at noon I'm very upset
about it I put in earplugs and forgot to
set an alarm and that turned into me
sleeping ten hours so that was stupid I
mean I'm glad I got a lot of sleep but I
hate waking up that late I feel lazy and
I've wasted life but in my Rachel's room
people asked like what I do with my
leftover toys and stuff and they're
literally just in my closet so I was
thinking maybe I give them away to you
guys just a few things I don't want to
have to spend $600 on shipping sorry I
love you but it adds up but I'm trying
to say for our house come on so I'll
give away a few things I have to go
through my closet to figure them out but
I can't really respect iesson you guys a
few things one yeah all right so I was
about to go through my closet but then I
found this puzzle that someone sent me
and got very distracted by it and now
I'm going to do it the 3d puzzles let me
be just so you know I had completed it
and then I tried to pick it up and I
broke it all good 15 minutes of my life
just wasted I did it this is my doggy
this is his water bowl in the 3d world
I'm doing lively right now and lively
people wanted to say hello to the vlog
so hold on this is so hold on it's out
of focus it's out of focus okay there
you go you're being vlog at the moment
if you'd like to say anything
Queens something Connor Anne hello this
is happening this is very entertaining
I'm aware all right
I'm going to end the vlog now thanks
everyone that's okay this is this is
kind of weird to watch okay so I just
finished that lively so we'll do the top
contributors as per usual I promised I
would
there we go a Brill Natasha Disney lover
Connor Connor send me a bagillion into
little
panda-sama so here we go he's on people
Rachel Helena's honest I mean meals and
flowers when I was in Madison Baptist
japa japa japa japa japa japa japa thank
you
so these people are cool thanks for
hanging out with me guys I appreciate it
promise to do more Lively's I actually
very much enjoy them I just hadn't got
around to doing it in a while I don't
know why but I want to keep doing them
again I like I like actually talking
with you guys interacting so I post
videos all the time but not much of an
interaction but I feel like when I do DM
freeze and Lively's than live stream so
I really like talk with you guys and I
enjoy it
alright I'm gonna go work so I live on a
busy intersection and about once every
two weeks there's a crash that happened
there was a car crash about three hours
ago and everyone was fine yeah but now
one of the guys is getting arrested and
I'm currently watching it there's two
police cars a bunch of cops and this man
is fully getting arrested I feel bad for
this guys ohoo I'm not going to show you
guys because I don't know if I'm allowed
to but this really nice SUV crashed into
it's like beat-up white truck it was
really bad like both cars are totaled
and the guy with the really nice car is
getting arrested so oh the guy with the
truck is getting arrested too what is
happening we are desperately trying to
figure out what's going on and we can't
figure it out they're closed they're
getting put into the same police car in
the back of the same police car which
means that they're not
I was so confused or I miss this
happened like sort of two three hours
ago
the crash and everyone seemed to be fine
their witnesses and like just seemed
like a bad crash but everyone was okay
and there was a bunch of witnesses and
then I saw people go chamille to give
him give one of the guys like their
business card but I guess I would happen
call me if you need a witness and I
getting taken away what is happening I'm
not making this up
well there's this truck that truck got
hit on the side and the guys are in the
back of that police car both of those
guys supply supply
oh and the stuff that was in the back of
that truck that was spewed all over the
street whenever they got arrested for
I'm so intrigued alright these are the
things I'm given away this Lego yep Ice
Cube jello tray these emoji pillows that
I made a really long time ago and then
my mary-kate and Ashley sunflower hat so
these are up for grabs
there's no rules just like tell me you
want them that's the end of it all right
I'm going into this vlog I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow bye
