I'm very nervous I'm going to the table
read in 20 minutes so I'm leaving to go
to Colleen's houses and she's getting
the table read I'm very nervous it's not
even a big deal for me at all
it's not like I'm auditioning or have a
job but I'm afraid of losing it I'm
literally just reading extra lines in
scripts so that the lead people can say
their lines I'm insignificant but I'm
very nervous but I'm just doing a few
things first scheduling our video and I
think I'm going to send in a new poster
design I'm not fully satisfied at if I
can't figure out what else I want and I
just need it hopefully to get here
before the Tucson show which is in a few
days
audience in the email now oh my god then
it Justin Bieber calm down I read it and
then I read it and there's a little
playful my name on it
goodbye bed again I'm not eating the
show I was just reading to fill in for
people like the extras like you know
people sometimes of the show I'd like
one line and a cast that yet the quarry
and I went in and said some of those
lines just the flow of the script I had
a lot of fun though as episodes were
hilarious I'm very excited to see them
come to life because of the gracious oh
my phone reminded me to post my video I
already did but now I have to go pick up
augustus Gloop he is at the back I had
to get him cleared to fly to Canada as I
leave in two weeks sweetie anyway so I'm
picking him up because Colleen had to do
post meetings like just figure out like
oh we like this subscript we didn't like
that long Horner once I got talked about
it now so she's doing that I'm going to
pick up the cap for her and then I have
to go home with this mark
me a big bale that's me I have a ghost
of her with me
a ghost methyl group cuesta hi
he's all groomed up and prepared to fly
to Canada I shall take him home let's go
Gus Topher is at Colleen's I ran some
more errands and now I'm home and I need
to edit my job guys
I'm going to buy a house in the next
couple months I talk to my accountant
and the bank has approved me for a
certain amount of money which is the
amount of money I wanted to be approved
for so now in the next few months I I
mean I'm going to start looking
immediately and then in the next few
months hopefully I will buy a house you
don't understand my excitement not
because I'm going to own a home whatever
it's a house cool like obviously I'm
very proud of myself but you all know
what this means
I get to get a dog because this is my
life goal is to own a dog and I'm trying
to be responsible my whole life and I'm
like wait until I get a house literally
my entire life I have been saving to get
a house so I can get a dog I don't I'm
not wrong that's big wood that's not
real good
where's the one here Aqaba that this
this happens but I really think in the
next doing before I'm hoping before
August before July actually I'm hoping
before July I have a house on a dog I'm
stressed out because what if it doesn't
happen but I mean I shouldn't even be
talking about it max I'm coming jinxing
it I was going to get let down or
something but I'm pretty confident the
bank says I can do it accountant says I
can do it cleans got a realtor for me
doing my heart racing can you feel it
can you feel my heart it's racing
excitement okay I need to work I need to
work to keep up the this dog dream I'm
gonna works out okay why okie dokie
cantle obese I edited my blog
myself I don't want to jinx it but guys
the longest I've ever gone without
missing a day of logging just say it Pat
myself on my back for doing my own job I
know it's not quality content every
single day but hey I've kept up with it
that's kind of count for something right
all right now I'm gonna go to other work
just let me say hey sorry I don't know
what that was I'm making waffles and
it's not even Friday what Simon
Wednesday I'm asleep it's the middle of
the night but that doesn't stop me from
making waffles it's Tuesday
wait what I am which means it's
technically Wednesday waffle Wednesday
those waffles were delicious as always
closing this out
but I contacted real liver last night
and he's emailed me this morning with a
bunch of houses to look at so this is
happening like the ball is going in my
accountant emailed me a bunch of things
I need to fill out this is I don't I
can't all them out of here forever that
way
I mean I'm really hoping this happens
but if it does it out Liz if it does pee
my pants and happiness thanks for
watching this guy's I love you so much
you're all beautiful and see you
tomorrow bye
