hi good afternoon Oh y'all doing today
just living my life today working today
things up today that's all all right
well I was working Matt made another
blue aprons meal for lunch
it's the meatball one let's go check it
out
all righty so that that meatball stuff
it was it was good like I feel like blue
apron what did I just step on you little
piece of plastic out there you'll be on
my floor feel like the blue apron food
is it's good not groundbreaking but it's
like oh okay
this is food it's good but I'm not like
oh I need to eat more of this and I just
threw my blinds so anyway I just told
the Rachel's room and now I think I have
to film part of that video that I was
filming yesterday but I stopped to buy
some more props for it it's it's gonna
be a really lame video but I'm putting a
lot of effort into it back to work it's
later I went and got dinner with Matthew
did a lot of work today but now I'm
gonna go over to cleans cuz we're gonna
go over the Tucson show a little bit and
then I am doing table reads for like
they wrote the scripts and then they do
table reads for like the producers and
everything and everyone has to go and
read their parts but the extras they
haven't cast yet and so I get to go and
read some of those lines at the readings
so I get to hear the first four episodes
i extremely nervous but it's not about
me it's about the scripts and the lead
characters so i it's not a big deal but
i just get to go and read some of the
parts I'm a little filling that's
tomorrow but I'm gonna go over to
Colleen's and she's just going to
basically prep my brain I have a text
Colleen I'm home all right going
okay well I wanna focus but also I'm
home I ran through four episodes of
cooling and Cori and basically it's so
she can where am I going
what am i doing I don't know I'm doing
I'm eating remotes basically she wanted
to go for her own benefit cuz like
you're reading in a room full of
important people and you don't know mess
up your life but also for the few lines
that Corinne I have during the
read-through she wanted us to deliver
them how she has them in her brain so
that the jokes laying the way she wants
them to a little benefit for her for
hiring people she knows to do this
anyway what I read is hilarious by the
way
where are the remotes Matt does this he
hides the remotes I never know where
they are
am I crazy of course they're under a
pillow anyway so I'm home but my
activity count is low so I will work out
at 11 p.m. and I'm gonna ride my bike
and do an ab workout
that's not abs doesn't amp that's that's
one
I'm watching bones as I stretch isn't it
weird our different faces look when a
little blood push down to it not just me
all right all right that's it for this
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it that
little montage thing and just I am I am
falling in love with California all over
again since it started raining the the
plants are green the streets are clean
things smell better people couldn't use
water again
I just I'm pulling love with California
all over again I'm just I'm so thankful
that it rained and it's not like pretty
again uh anyway yeah I just went on a
little walk and I was like this thing a
little pretty that's all all right you
guys probably make fun of me for that
whatever do what you please don't know
why you insist on making fun of me when
I like things all right I love you guys
I'll see you later bye
