good morning or after it's afternoon
it's like it's 2:00 in the afternoon
yeah we're currently going to the mall
because I need to get stuff for a video
and then we're gonna go shoot that video
but I have to drive all around LA to do
so and you'll see why you know next
Tuesday not the Tuesday that's tomorrow
for you but the one after that
so mall had nothing of what we needed
there are no toy stores in the mall
anymore what is this world so I had to
come out to the boonies drive like a
half-hour to a Toys R Us I'm not
complaining I'm just saying what we're
doing I'm in heaven I also just found
what I needed I'm happy all right we got
what we needed from the toy store I
loved it there it's amazing but now we
have to drive to the beach so we're
gonna drive 40 minutes to the beach and
then we'll be on the beach all right we
made it to the beach there it is Santa
Monica gorgeous except you can't say
anything except saying we're gonna film
okay bye we've been here all of 10
minutes that I've already finished
everything I need to do here we drove 40
minutes paid $1 for parking no I'm an
idiot so I have to film the rest of that
video tomorrow Oh much as I needed to
today I really just need to go to the
beach and then I went over to Colleen's
and have a little barbecue with John and
his boyfriend they throw a little
barbecue because John sleeping for Asia
tomorrow for like a month
what anyway I'm back home I'm watching
TV with Matthew that's just updating you
you're welcome
it's the next day I'm gonna film a
little bit today to put it in the vlog
everyday everyday everyday everyday we
do I have no plans today except to work
my little tushy off so that's what we're
gonna do we're gonna work our tissues
off together I don't notice you to fall
off I kind of like my tushy not how high
my butt crack is but the other part of
the - she's pretty good - she what what
what is that what is it about the
grocery store I want that that's a giant
toy it seems like a Batman toy to me I
want that toy I'm at the grocery store
it's
he's just staring at me stare at
something else take a picture last song
don't take a picture of me that's weird
thank you I'm at the grocery store why
am i I don't even know what I'm doing
huh it's gracious it's packed why is it
bad it's 2 p.m.
why is it packed I do it things during
the day so I don't have to deal with
people backed away I'm 60 miles away
it's okay I got feet legs they work I am
in love with these things but the sugar
inside it is outrageous 28 grams got my
face all right I usually get Luna bars
but they're out of my favorite flavor so
I'm gonna try a Larabar finish guys I
got the clam juice and the anchovy paste
anchovies that's gross
my camera widget doesn't want to focus
on these anchovies it knows what's up it
knows that they're disgusting oh my god
Trish literally tweeted about him the
other day and asked what happened to him
and now he's on the cover of peeple -
Trish No
you guys like I'm willing to find them
social media post where she said
something happened to him or she
wondered what happened to him she
literally all right I am going open I'm
finding out what happened to Richard
Simmons hi okay I don't know if you guys
know him or not I'll explain it when I
get home I hate the Larabar it was fine
it was nothing to rave about time to
look up Richard said no I'm gonna look
up
Tricia's questioning where his he is
because she questioned his existence I
think it was like two weeks ago I'm
looking it up oh my god she puts so much
on Instagram I'm going through trying to
find it
no that's music video where is that
Trish why do you have so many things I
mean I like her Instagram but there are
so many things I'm just trying to find
one I'm about it two weeks ago she said
his Richard Simmons missing I'm like
genuinely concerned
I seriously loved his classes so much I
went to go see when his next one was and
he has literally have not been heard
from in four years what the f
Krisha called this she is a freakin
psychic hello
I'm gonna look up where is Richard
Simmons missed not missing Simmons
withdrawal spark fascination what ah as
of two days ago
apparently his publicist manager brother
and two officers of the law say that he
is fine and it's just in his mansion as
one is but still Trish called it she
knew everyone was gonna be concerned for
him two weeks before they actually
worked and for those of you who don't
know who Richard Simmons is he's this
dude and he was like this workout ball
of energy just very popular in the 90s
extremely popular 80's 90's he's a
fitness guru actor and comedian promotes
weight loss programs practically threw
his sweatin to the oldies lines of
acrobatic videos anyway he used to be
like super popular and then he just
didn't want to be anymore
I never won't look crazy about it
because he's like listen I'm staying
although I might never I was like oh
he's dead but he's not he's fine I wish
there was more of a conspiracy theory
there but I don't think that there is
I'm just a blown away by the back of
Trish caught on to this before anyone
else did alright I love you guys I think
I'm gonna end this now so I can start my
day vlog for today which tomorrow you
know so I can start the other buck I
love you guys and I'll see you later bye
