so we just got that blue apron right
orders over the long time order we just
got it to mail and we're quite skeptical
about the meals this house will have
some cabbage in it so quite know what
that is for that so these are three
wheels we have to make river hashtag not
a so I'm gonna give you an actual review
of these say Photoshop is freaking doing
it to me again like Photoshop oh you
want oh sorry there's an error every
frickin day now I'm currently vlogging
on my phone because not only is
Photoshop being a butt-head and a half
but so is my camera whole lot but how I
even said that I would show you okay I
want to record so I just press the
record button it's on camera mode
alright I'm pressing the record button
took a picture took a picture with the
record I have no idea what I press I
have no idea how to fix this what is
happening Oh learn how to stand like a
camera against my lacroix how do i how
do i this isn't a movie how do I do this
function change them okay that's normal
you ready guys now I'm really sad cuz I
don't know how to thank for camera I'm a
freaking mess I've dragged it all right
I'm gonna finish my thumbnail trying to
figure out my thumbnail I think I'm
going to text the pictures over to my
laptop and then I will edit on that
because that Photoshop never has any
errors on my laptop only on my iMac what
do you doing apples
and then I'll fix my camera it's going
to be an interesting day I can feel it
okay it works in auto mode but I can't
get it to work in video mode let's see
if I can figure that one out that kind
of made today just a workday except I
just finished all my work oh no I did
not have too many mail to answer thank
you I got my Tuesday video uploaded I
was going to route and do stuff today
but my cramps are really bad so I
decided to just stay in and be
productive so think was a good move but
now I'm bored of need to get out
Edward alright we made that catfish
cabin rice and some cloth of important
it's supposed to come with all the
ingredients we need but it did not come
with olive oil or salt and pepper and
those were huge factors in this
so I've already marked them down a point
so it was pretty good
it wasn't like a powell of flavor but it
wasn't bad like there's good and it was
catfish that's ever word catfish so it's
pretty good this smells pretty good
let's see about the next two meals pick
the next day right okay so I did
rehearsal I believe house Gustus I found
sapanta here when I was in your
power
bro you got some issues man
I mean everyone's got a fetish she kind
of got to be discreet about it you love
the penalty Emma Chris family is 90
pounds that's a me and I have an
entertainer today but I don't do
anything with my life so I took her to a
chiral place
that's an entertaining right I'm a great
French so look I'm a hipster wait
something they always have something
else in the sauce hold on the hipster
just daily life on Turo dick could I get
more it's just a churro Ice Cream
Sandwich basically I just want more
sugar on more sugar so I couldn't figure
out what I wanted to do with Samantha
over here so I decided hey let's go
paddle boating ahead alone
Sora working up a sweat here these are
very difficult like it srimant I'm
sweating we got to we were there we've
got three feet I'm sweating I'm also
drifting these are very difficult to
fear look we're going nowhere
awesome it looks like a week like a boat
storm movie out we're about to hit
somebody like look at this background
like look at Sami look at the camera
look how nice our store boat movie think
I don't know a palm trees that are
waving in those I've clearly don't go
Oh Mikey I'm all back in will you quack
for me
we don't really know we're doing let's
go back we had a great time on the lake
and then we decided that wasn't enough
we are at its low weight everything so
in the dark there's rock walls and rope
bridges or Spade hoses arcade games or
summer cars and there's Leger's laser
tag
I'm game Kevin warming up let's do this
all right we're back through the
death-defying row prison I'm living I
wasn't allowed to blog but we just did
it gotta tell ya best thing of my life
and now we're going to go through some
laser base I don't know I don't bring
you with me but just know this is the
most fun yeah yes we just got a top 10
score whoops Oh Sammy broke four lasers
with our pod for fun why broke no lasers
Samantha over here for with her plus
we just played laser tag our t1 that is
the most stressful thing in the entire
world and children our fearless they
have advantage they are smaller and you
can't see them coming but Archie was so
uh I'm having it at that time here this
might be my favorite place on earth let
me hit the jackpot
it's looking at 52nd tell you goodbye
woman what woman is out so bobbin
ourselves
my friend
I played it I got sick my - I do have to
say it is a little disappointing - they
don't give you the ticket and it's all
on your card but oh my gosh
were rich guys I'm not joking
that's the Bliss best place on earth
that's heaven it's heaven is heaven
everything you want to see what we got
go for it wait wait you all those right
there don't even don't even the fastest
detective everyone there was laughing at
us but also extremely jealous of us
she's have any supposing buzz if you
think being childish is bad you're wrong
not the best night I've had in my entire
life ever
you
