all right before I tweet this out I need
to see this link even works and I
haven't even told you guys that I'm
live-streaming
says live stream starting soon
oh good I don't know why this hates me
so much
okay now it's okay we are good I'm going
to tweet this out all right Facebook
that out okay
hi so I have stuff I booked all later
today this is the only time I could do a
live stream so I'm just gonna do a gray
strike bra
uh so I'm only gonna do a 30-minute live
stream today I'm jam-packed with stuff
so I wanted to make sure I got it in and
I didn't want to be like maybe it 11
p.m. I could do it because most of you
are asleep by then so I thought this was
better sorry I didn't give you a warning
earlier but I just kind of sprung it on
myself so there's that how are you guys
good morning good morning
it is technically morning for me
everyone's gonna not even morning Rachel
its 11:33 where I am so it is still
morning to me good morning ah coffee
alright let's see if anyone on Twitter
is hanging out doo-doo-doo new latest
all right not only says it's working for
once I know this one went on without a
hitch so that's good Valerie's doing her
hair that's good come I'm Erin frog legs
I can't remember I feel like one time
when I was in Scotland we went to this
place that fed us all the parts of an
animal you wouldn't want to eat and then
just apparently threw away all the stuff
you do want to eat an animal
uh I had a pig ear salad and then I
think so at the table had frog legs I
can't watch Friday I know I tried cow
tongue it was literally like would you
like ear tongue nose what do you want
lips we have a foot oh you want a steak
oh we don't or you want chicken breast
we don't do that it's literally the
place we were at it was like fish eyes
I'm like can I have the fish where'd you
put the fish where'd you get the eyes I
know you took the eyes out of a fish I
want the fish anyway it was a weird
place I remember someone got frog legs a
camera if I ate them there's a vlog of
it I might have to go back and look I
kind of feel out of it I think it might
be my my doll feel a little weird
charmed or Buffy the Vampire Slayer I
haven't seen either but I know that
Jessica is obsessed with Buffy the
Vampire Slayer so I'm just gonna vote
that on her behalf
come to New York or I'm suing sue me no
you can't sue me I don't I don't like it
I refuse co-host like we're gonna talk
about a book plate that is from many a
week ago it was from a week ago
Kelly sense is actually a reasonable
hour for me to be watching there see I
need to I think I need to do live
streams like at different hours every
time because we never know who was gonna
be asleep and who's gonna be awake I
think that should because I usually do
them between 2:00 and 4:00 my time and
that's not a big enough gap of time is
it I think I have a headache oh I think
I'm getting a migraine Oh
why are you when I get migraines I had
my head doesn't hurt at all I feel no
pain it's just I completely lose my
peripheral vision and I get really
lightheaded and so all of this is about
to turn black it started
black appears movie oh this is good
this is fun I'm having a migraine out of
live stream so the technical part of my
live stream didn't go bad at all it's
it's my body that's gonna shut down now
Oh
seriously I don't get it I head doesn't
hurt at all as I lose sight and I might
feel light-headed why do I have a
migraine
screw you period I'm blaming it on you
got it oh this is fun we'll get we'll
get through it together
Oh Holly says your nail polish is so
pretty all you're winning it there your
nails lately thank you hi yeah I've been
trying to do them okay I put on this
base coat that I think is help
strengthening my nails so I think I'm
gonna I don't know we'll see how long it
chemo I keep it up Matt doesn't like it
when I let it like grow out and and I
have half a nail painted so that's
that's another reason why I usually
don't do it so I have to keep up on it
so they don't look terrible like they
normally do
I hate dog fight I hate dogs fight me no
deshaun say I mean why do you hate them
you can just not like them but to have
an actual hate towards them that's
pretty extreme like if one dog hurt you
maybe you just don't like that dog but
there's no reason to hate all dogs that
their unconditional love why are you
hating on them
Kyla asked how I deal with migraines I I
don't know I used to get them a lot in
college and I just be in class I'd be
like oh I can't say anymore
this is nice and then I just go home and
drink water and be in a darkroom that's
quiet and try and sleep it off I don't
know the first time I talked to me I
thought I was dying
my legit thought I was going blind like
I had eaten something or something I've
got in my eye and I was legit going
black because my head doesn't usually
hurt so I have no idea what's going on
when it happens tick Wow took an
extensive google research of all of 30
seconds to figure out
what kind of coffee are you sipping uh I
have a dark roast happening right now
and I think it's a Starbucks Starbucks
espresso dark roast I don't know but
it's delicious
hi I'm stressing about College can I
come live with you so I get in-state
tuition for UCLA why don't you just get
an apartment in LA that you have to live
with me it's the same just get an
apartment
okay just get an apartment that seems
like your logical thing than moving in
with me who is a stranger favorite
Hannah Montana song too many to choose
from they're all so amazing Rachael help
me I have to get my wisdom teeth pulled
in two days that I'm really scared
advice don't be scared the actual
procedure itself you're asleep
or you should be and then it's just the
recovery is annoying I never really felt
the pain I just didn't like the cotton
swabs it's not it's you're gonna be good
don't even worry about it
ah dressed if I'm going to be at
Colleen's meet-and-greet at VidCon I
don't know then cut hates me they don't
even want to give me a pass uh we're
working on it
I don't know what's happening YouTube is
just not YouTube vid con is just giving
me the middle finger so I I love VidCon
I go every year with my sister I don't
know what's happening um so hopefully
I'm gonna be there uh worse comes to
worse I'll sneak in tell anybody that
but I will make myself available at
VidCon one time or another
Tasha says we have synchronized periods
yeah everyone's goal in life you're
slaying the game today
what did I do it - the mess I can't even
tell if I'm being a mess
I'm a mess what are you doing for your
mom on Mother's Day when is Mother's Day
I ain't know where it is we were gonna
go to Canada together Canada together
but ah I think she isn't gonna come up
until the end of me I don't know I don't
know it's too much pressure I know one
kid or something
I'll do something with her I can't say
what I'm gonna do for two watches these
I'm losing my vision are you excited for
Arizona yes Abby I am yeah I'm actually
going to word ecclesia day to rehearse
the Arizona show that's what I'm doing
today deep cleans normal assistant is
having a knee operation thing so she
can't go to the show and clean asked me
to fill in for this one so I'm filling
in so going back to my roots running a
laptop I'm gonna be running that laptop
roguish and I hope it gets messed up I
might get fired
but yeah show the laptop wise so I'm
excited I haven't done that a really
long time it's gonna be a lot of
pressure see you make it remember that
remember that community timing Oh Monday
Oh No Sunday May 14th is Mother's Day no
I should make it notice that what is
that let me see
May 14th no that's April look another
our thing oh I'll be in town for that
I'll just
with my mother any plans for Boston show
I have I don't know I don't I don't have
it no no no Mother's Day is tomorrow
no one is not Adam Punk
oh it's Mother's Day tomorrow in the UK
oh that's why people are asking America
and the UK have different mothers days
so tomorrow is the UK's and in May the
14 is America's so we celebrate Mother's
on different days I don't know why how'd
that happen
you should try and learn piano or the
ukulele Kayla I've tried to learn both
and it just never ends well I get bored
and walk away think I just yeah I just
get bored that's that's all are you
reading any books right now
I bought the Amy Schumer's the girl with
the lower back tattoo but I haven't
opened it yet so that's my book I'm
thinking about reading right now I
haven't gotten around to actually
reading it I want to though it's sitting
right there just staring at me I should
read it
I'm sure it's hilarious oh oh good this
sorry guys I can't ex lower back it's
urgent
oh good this figure out something while
I'm like you know this is so awkward
hold on I got this I have to be
entertaining but us nah hold on I'm
trying to be
something out no no there it is
hold on sorry guys
this is time-sensitive information
all right I did it
we're good it's all over yep
sorry that was intense for me I felt
like I was letting you down I'm
literally this my right eye the visions
gone my throat hurts what do I do
you could have some cough drops some hot
water with lemon and honey in it isn't
that what you do I don't know I go to
the store and get a bunch of Medicine
that's what I do use your pointer do it
no it's over there I can't get it so far
away
how are you texting on a computer don't
confuse me magic I'm doing it with magic
so that's how it's done say names or I'm
suing no I'm not even gonna say your
name everyone keeps threatening to sue
me is this the new thing everyone is
threatening to sue me like no matter
what it is
I get like 20 threats a day from you
guys
no don't sue me don't do that that's
just rude okay it's like I found the
pointer yeah the pointer is right there
it's too far I can't get it sorry
yeah sorry I keep getting sex residues
let me alone check my social media
before you text me Oh Jonathan text
sorry guys
this is all so confusing usually no one
talks to me and I've all these people
trying to talk to me okay
Abby says she won't sue you and because
she won't sue me I said her name huh see
friendship
Elena everywhere if you breathe I will
sue you
yeah that's about the internet right now
have you filmed the who's more likely
video with Tim no Abril I have not I
wanted to the other day when I was home
getting my wisdom teeth pulled but I ran
at time and my mouth was still numb and
I didn't want to do it when my mouth was
numb so that's all are you texting about
your book tour
no it's about plans for today and I'm
choreographing human beings and so
things keep changing it is yeah
how are you texting you new have no
vision and your I I I have vision in my
left also I have vision it's just like
this gets like blurry and dark over on
this side but like I can see everything
just fine over here so if I'm looking
this way I'm good to go I you just don't
believe me
this is not it you don't have to believe
me it's my migraine not yours important
question full house or fuller house i'ma
go full house this is what I grew up
with when I watch it it's like brings me
the feelings I get all the feels is he
said I made you a waffle do you want it
yes please
but by the time it gets here it might be
cold by the time I get there probably be
cold so it's the thought that counts so
thank you eat it for me great Rachel
your name is grace and I read Rachel so
grateful I don't believe but I have to
go grad dress shopping
I don't think I'll
but I might have to you will graduate
shopping wait do people buy dresses for
graduation I did not do that you wearing
down you have a gown over you we're
talking about why do you dress you just
wear an under clothing everyone don't
listen to me
hi I am NOT a style icon a fashion icon
of any sorts so whatever do you like mac
and cheese no I don't don't tell me to
stop suing you all so you got you just
come on my knees are swollen why would
you do why are nice : why do I have is
writing a piece of information about
potato what picture is on the calendar
in the background it is these cute
little puppies right here umm they are
puppies are nature's remedy for feeling
unloved plus numerous other elements of
life so that's okay seriously sorry guys
okay anyway so I'm back now
Wiki feet what I didn't show my feet why
are you saying Wiggy feet my feet have
not been in his entire life string why
are you saying wiki feet important when
you say the word orange do you say all
ranch or orange I say the first follow
me okay
and eight orange I say orange I don't
see orange or orange as it orange is
that I used to say that's how people say
it right
Oh someone made a chocolate on chocolate
what is that crumbled-up oreos so it's
at the waffle crumbled-up oreos and then
drizzled chocolate syrup on top that's
delicious
so much sugar but that's freaking
delicious what's your favorite word
uh-huh I don't know I have a favorite
word right now usually I'm stuck on a
word that I say quite often but I don't
think I have a word at this moment sorry
all right next thing anymore it's next
thing are you bringing your pointer to
the live show yes I'll bring the pointer
to the live show people and put it on
like a little freaking pedestal in the
back how come you aren't on the social
media for 50-year old ladies today you
know what fine I'm going over to
Facebook and chitchat in four seconds
what are you guys doing over on Facebook
I see when my 50 year old ladies have to
say today
did you work anywhere before became
Miranda such claims assistant getting a
YouTube channel if so where I'm in high
school I worked and then uh lassie I had
I did I was in-between jobs as they say
I was I just graduated from bartending
school and I was trying to get a job as
a bartender and I worked for my
brother's magic company well it wasn't
his magic company he worked I worked at
a magic company building magic tricks
and working in the store basically I
didn't have any money and I've had a
weird job I still have a weird job in
college
I was a tutor and I work and I built
magic tricks and then after that I
couldn't be a tutor anymore because it
was you had to be student to be a tutor
it was stupid so I was I was ended too I
was searching for it was I didn't don't
sense have you decided what you're gonna
do for your birthday no I actually
haven't
at all my birthday is quickly
approaching its intent in ten days
it's on the fifth my birthday soon and I
have no plans it's on Wednesday which is
no week and I don't know you all know
when a Wednesday is I'm not a bit sorry
um I have no plans I told Matt he has to
take me to get waffles that's the only
plan as of now that's it upcoming trips
yes Tucson Arizona from Miranda sings
show I would say buy tickets either
tickets left I don't know if there say
it's left go check it out Tucson Arizona
I still find it funny how your page is
labeled comedian what's funny about that
huh grace what's funny about that Oh was
it funny cuz I'm a comedian I don't know
I don't know I didn't even know that was
a thing I know what you're talking about
whatever thanks to the Twitter where's
Matthew I think he's in the shower
actually I hate waffles this is why I
hate going around you're bleeding dogs
people eating waffles why are you hating
my favorite things a strong word they
didn't do anything to you unless you
like choked on a waffle or you're highly
allergic to waffles why are you hating
them you did not like them
hey stop hating everything my neck just
cracked so much did you mean to crack it
make it was it an accident Disney or
Disney Channel what do you mean this is
channel
owned by Disney so I'm gonna go Disney
because the Disney Channel falls under
the Disney category you like Disney as a
whole during Disneyland Disney World
what are we doing here that doesn't even
make sense everyone's phones are dying
sorry I should have given you guys a
warning that I was going to live stream
but I sprung it upon myself your live
streams get me so anxious because I want
you to notice me so I'm currently
shaking Sophie I have noticed you you
can stop shaking this shouldn't make you
anxious most people either get bored or
deaf because I screamed so much oh my
god now I'm eating Texas this is my
phone everyone see your waffle it's on
the way I still haven't gotten Belgian
waffle mix I ran out like a week ago
and I haven't been able to find any
sense okay
we're turning the sound off on the watch
how do I do this
that button did it nailed it do you want
my dog
yes well talk is it okay why don't you
want your dog why are you giving your
dog away you should be loving your dog
I'd never want to separate from your dog
white giving your dog to people keep
your dog to learn to love it would you
kidnap gus-gus oh I like I like being
cool and then I only season everyone I I
wouldn't be able to deal with the poopie
but I'm sorry in the gup-e eyes they
have to clean his eyes a lot and he
poops everywhere
he make poops in his litter box but then
steps in it yes everywhere I just
couldn't deal with that so I'm really
cool in the cool and
I'm not regular girl I'm a cool girl huh
Cory can I have an Internet hug I really
need one yes Internet hog-tie time
padding your back
did you like it my birthday's in five
days good
Duncan thoughts well Brandon Duncan is
my nephew that is in my sister-in-law's
belly at the moment and my thoughts are
I am excited for him to be out of her in
this world and yes I know baby certain
stomachs that pretty sure I said it was
in the stomach yes you can't help being
text at if you're cool then you're cool
thanks Alice I'm cool
I have friends phenomenon what about a
phenomenon laptop or phone Twitter
desktop Twitter everyone whenever I
tweet about my phone shut down or
there's something wrong with my phone my
phone's not working
everyone's like how are you tweeting I
use my desktop 75% of the time I love
being on my desktop I could have
multiple windows open I'm seeing
everything like I got to stay on top of
the world so I really like my desktop
and good things done I'm usually like
I'm editing and then once I hit like oh
I've been editing for 10 minutes I go
and do a Twitter break and then I come
back so I'm on my own on my iMac I
really like it your book needs to come
sooner I agree your trash is empty it is
I took it out yesterday I wasn't even
thinking about the live stream when I
did it cuz I took my bathroom trash out
and when I do that I take this trash out
efficiency why do you only
at Belgian waffle mix because I have a
Belgian waffle maker also because those
are my favorite kinds of waffles we only
get loads
thin thick waffles that's disgusting you
need a Belgian waffle those are
delicious I hate math that that you can
hate because that's probably giving you
some bad feelings some anxiety some
stress some just that's probably made
you feel down so you can hate math
that's okay you're allowed to do that
but hating dogs and hating waffles
that's a little extreme guys follow me
and I will die well then I don't want to
follow you
why is everyone dying I bought a book
but haven't opened it yet
me with my college textbooks yeah Jess
listen when I went to college just so
you guys know college is expensive I
need to stop shaking my desk college is
expensive tuition it's expensive I mean
depending on where you go we have to pay
to go to college and everyone's like
those student loans ba ba ba yeah that's
real that's real people go into it very
big debts over college tuition well no
one really prepares you for is the books
every class makes you buy like three to
four books and they're all like 7,500
dollars each and then like we'll just
behind him use but the thing is I
learned to not buy the books until I
absolutely needed them because half the
time I felt like I didn't even use the
books hey they're right you need to buy
these books and then I buy them they're
like okay this is the quote we wanted to
read from this book and they just show
me the quote and then we never touch the
book again call it just mean but there
are a bunch of sites do you guys don't
know to buy books from I don't remember
any of them but just google it they're a
bunch of a lot of sites to buy books
cheap from you just have to wait for
like the whole shipping process to
happen so it's annoying also have a
friend in the class you buy the book
together and you share it or you buy em
used so there are ways to get around it
by my senior year I spent like a hundred
dollars overall on books and said $100
each the first two years were struck
it's difficult yeah but just so you know
what there are classes use you can get
away with not having to look at all
learn to that what percent is your phone
on Olivia it's on a hundred percent boom
like a boss
I charged it overnight and then I
haven't left the house yet so I haven't
used it because I do everything for my
computer so it's seven percent please do
a live show with Colleen like a sista
sista live show since the Citiz that
actually be fun I have six percent
shaking my head guys how are you already
I like under 10 percent okay I know it's
noon for me so it's probably later for
wherever you are but that's a lot of
phone usage mine doesn't get to like
below 20 or ten until like the end of
the night I'm just crashes is it because
you're watching youtube videos on your
phone if you're home you should be
charging it get on Facebook good just
yelling at me jeez I'm refreshing it's
happening I'm looking for
hi I'm a fifty year old lady no you're
not
alright she'll get on Twitter oh my gosh
you guys are so no matter where I am
it's not satisfying enough for you guys
just gonna keep telling you can't
satisfy everybody I actually need to
head out because I have things to do
today so this was a short little
livestream unexpected if you will but
that's a three day I love you guys
thanks for every little con forgive me I
smell a little coffee left I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow when I
post but I'll live stream with you next
Saturday Oh
