heyo good whatever time it is for you in
that good morning good evening good
afternoon it doesn't even matter I don't
think I should have done kickboxing
yesterday because my knee still hurts
what it shouldn't hurt today but I don't
have a limp it's just sore
it's not a big deal but that's not it I
told Matt I went kickboxing he did not
like it it was like you're going to ruin
yourself so I keep bugging my publishers
about VidCon and VidCon keeps giving
them the middle finger so Coleen's ages
who kind of sometimes my agent stepped
in and he was like he called me he's
like listen we're going to get you in I
don't think we can get you anything so
you might have to tag along with Colleen
but we're going to get you in so he's
taking over that and he is an epic
businessman he is amazing I like him a
lot so I will be at VidCon just tagging
along with Colleen I don't think I'm
going to get my own stuff because VidCon
apparently hates me for some reason I
don't know sorry if I did something to
will send you VidCon I don't know why
you don't like me that sucks but at
least I have an awesome big sister so
you'll get to see me just not at my own
thing but Colleen is very nice and she
shares well she didn't share well as a
child that as an adult she shares very
well so I thank her for that
but I'm gonna get dressed and my friend
rich widdling is supposed to come today
I haven't heard from her how do I put
this delicately she's kind of a flake I
don't know she watches I don't think she
there's a hundred percent chance she
doesn't watch my vlogs so I don't have
to apologize for just saying that but
she said she was coming down today but I
didn't hear anything good more yesterday
or today I should text her but I don't
want to be naggy that's rude but
hopefully I see her at some point today
she's supposed to stay with me so I'm
gonna clean my apartment in hopes that
she is doing this a question
I don't know it's all of us but I texted
my friend Rachel and I said hey I'm
still planning on going down today and
then she said oh my gosh I met April
23rd not March 23rd so I went back to
read the text ad on March 16th
she said hey I can come down the 23rd
and did my brain I would of this month
because she didn't specify which month
but I just assumed she meant that month
so rachel is not coming today
she is coming down in exactly one month
it it's that it's all good nothing
really got changed something I just like
I never planned anything it was just all
right I guess I don't have to deep clean
anything today I don't know what to do
with myself today I stay was set around
whittling coming and then I cleaned my
Keurig that's how bored I was I like did
the vinegar through it and change the
filter now making the grilled cheese
sandwich while making - don't judge me
all right would the grocery store and I
came back and I edited my blog then I
have to restart my computer I use
Photoshop to do my thumbnails and other
things in my life and about once every
two weeks once a month maybe it goes
error you have to uninstall and
reinstall Photoshop and it's super
annoying because like I'm trying to get
like a video up or something and I have
to do my thumbnail so I just frickin use
QuickTime to do my thumb nail today if I
didn't want to deal with the whole thing
and I'm restarting my computer hopefully
that in six of it and I don't have to
uninstall and reinstall it's annoying
I need Photoshop to work all right come
on you cling trick me I'm not sure you
tricked me you trick me but hey you want
to come over and then we'll go get stuff
for some videos and I was like great
guess where we are can craft store you
can get tougher videos faster
no this is jo-ann's fabric we have
fabric here other things zippers and
buttons mason jars
oh nice enjoy great video guys umm yeah
so and I only have a little bit in out
cuz I make a buck out of my post and
that was my field here's the video yarn
after that I made spaghetti and
meatballs in that and then went back
over to Colin's and I filmed a video for
her channel and in a video for my
channel I came home with glitter just
all over my body as you do I also
painted my nails again last night I
think I'm getting better I don't get as
much on the skin I think I'm doing
better I need new nail polishes though
because this these aren't dude this is I
have three colors anyway yeah Rachel
didn't come yesterday
Colleen tricked me just a weird day my
plans
we're just halted I love you guys thank
you for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow for my livestream yeah tune in
to my livestream tomorrow I'll do it two
or three oh no wait oh I'm do anything a
coin I don't know when my life's gonna
be
oh I'll keep you guys guessing because I
too will be guessing bye
