I didn't think it was raining but it
starting to sprinkle again but he
desperately needs to take a walk so I
figured I'd do it when it wasn't raining
but it was wet on the ground but now
it's sprinkling we'll be fine right by
the way this is what rain is I don't
think you've ever experienced rain this
isn't actually rain this is just a wet
ground come on come on come on come on
okie dokie we're gonna walk it started
pouring rain by Cory I mean just raining
a normal amount when we were halfway
through we're waah so that was things
but I threw the craft store because I'm
gonna do a pinch a winter Pinterest
clothing hack DIY video thing for
tomorrow's video so I have to go get a
couple things but yeah that's that's
what I'm doing today ok and I brought my
camera
there's my look oh this is the lens my
parents got me for Christmas look how
tiny that little lenses look how
itsy-bitsy teeny-weeny that hole of a
lenses but it's good for digging up
close stuff and so I wanted to take
pictures of raindrops which I already
have so photographer Instagram I told
Twitter and I think I told you guys I'm
a photography Instagram photography
baller that's that's my unscramble link
below I've had it for a really long time
but I didn't tell anyone about it cuz I
love photography and I didn't want the
evilness of the internet to ruin it for
me I mean the Internet can be great but
can also be really evil so I was just
letting myself leave my little
photography life in peace and happiness
and bliss for a little bit without
having to worry about anything and but
now I'm ready to expand and
your criticism I don't want to but I'm
open to it
I'm in my worst nightmare crap star
actually Joanne's is a little easier
than Michaels because it's mostly just
fabric so it's not as confusing because
Michaels there's like 50 different
button sections and then bead sections
and then clip sections and there's just
I think Joanne's is a little less
confusing but let's see if I can find
what I need I need to felt and I need a
flannel pattern ok Joanne's was not that
painful at all so maybe it's because my
grandma's name was Joanne maybe that's
what it is maybe it's just better
because they have the same name anyway
because I want to transfer some note
what I moved I donated all my clothes I
didn't wanna wear anymore my pictures
clothing has to like do things to
clothes you don't like anymore so that
they look cute again but I don't have
any clothes I'm willing to destroy so
I'm at Walmart to buy some appropriately
priced clothing and I'll destroy slash
make those better I'm a little
disappointed I'm not finding what I want
I found one thing I want I'm making this
into mittens why not just buy mittens
because then it wouldn't be a video I
have to make ok stop cleaning together
you plastic and check the men's
department usually they happen I want
just why do we have to have the gender
few are all in one spot I wouldn't have
to go searching I just need a plain grey
it's what I found that there they are
not displayed at all but I found it so I
wanted it bad enough I don't think I
understand
Walmart's sizing this is a large but
it's like the shortest thing in the
world but if I an extra-large it's true
why
that lady wanted to be on camera we're
all gonna shout out I'm so confused
so I've hired a plumber to fix this mess
this guy is in my office eating a bowl
is this your new bone is this your new
bone yes yeah you stay in here and be a
good boy with your bones I usually lock
them outside when workers are here but
it's pouring rain
rough day rough night
plumber came he was able to fix the
faucet but not the handle so that's good
but I don't have a handle to turn the
water on off the only way he could fix
it was if he cut a foot by foot hole
here and put this thing in over on the
other side I connected to this thing
that stuck out through it's a hole it's
a whole thing the whole thing I said how
much is it but he said $1,000 and I said
no so I said what is a cheaper option
for me and he said get a handle that it
fits this cuz the handle I bought
doesn't fit this so I have to get a
handle that fits this but that's easier
said than done because you don't know if
it's gonna fit until you get it at home
and then just to top things off like
that wasn't that big of a deal whatever
things happen life happens
Matt sweetheart that he is it's like I'm
gonna wash the bed so he washed the bed
I didn't know about this I went outside
documents are running around like crazy
I didn't think anything of it cuz I'm
not used to the mud outside blaze had
muddy feet ladies decided to run into
our bedroom and jump on our bed while
the sheets and mattress cover were in
the wash so there is mud all over our
mattress I've already tried to spot
clean this it you think I was like okay
there's this is a zipper thing this is a
cover that comes off the mattress and
right here on this little tag it says
not washable because it's like made out
of the spandex and they'll shrink oh so
what if I wash it in cold and dry it
with no heat but everything in London
was a don't put it in the washer or
dryer thought clean only but I've been
trying guys happened a while ago and
then I took him on an hour-long walk cuz
he was still hyper oh so that's been my
evening no no I was gonna tell my video
tonight because tomorrow is Tuesday
after post tomorrow but just zero desire
to do that so I'll wake up earlier
I think I'm gonna try and continue to
spot clean this mess up a bedpan put my
sheets back on it I have a mattress
cover I have a mattress cover so the
mattress doesn't get dirty but it was
being washed oh good all the things
