winter is back I know that it is
technically spring now and is no longer
winter but it's raining today I'm
interested my warmest tire so happy I am
in a weird state of I can't get anything
done
maintenance man is supposed to come and
pick blinds in my bedroom alive broke
and I don't want to be filming when he
comes over so I can't film but also I
need to do some other stuff but none of
it I can do until he was like gone
because I feel weird when he's here on
my screaming at a camera anyway so I'm
in limbo waiting for him to come I
emailed asking for a time frame and they
haven't responded meet so I'm just
chillin I'm hanging out I went to the
knee doctor today
he shot me a lot more than normally does
come on let's go look at this okay I got
three right there and three on this side
so I got six shots on both sides and
mind you each hole is shot in like three
times but what what we've discovered is
that the fluid in my joints has gone
down significantly but the problem is
that the ligaments holding the cartilage
in place when I love bend and straighten
my leg is extremely loose so on both
these and so when I when my knees are
bent the cartilage is in place but when
I straighten it the cartilage pops up
and it's not supposed to pop up it's
supposed to expand between the bones so
that's what's happening my ligaments are
loose and stretched out good okay
yes so we're working on that now but he
says I should be done within the next
couple months and I should be all better
so I'm excited to that we're going to do
a massive new type of shot in May that's
supposed to like completely heal it me
and tired of this but I am very thankful
and glad that I'm getting it done so
there's that um that's all I had to do
today except my videos so yes all right
so the guy came to fix the blinds took
like four seconds but I think they
forgot about me until they found my
email and they're like oh you
coming right up to do that Oh anyway but
now I'm going to film my Thursday video
cuz I need to film videos so much fun
all right I'm done filming my video
actually it was actually a lot of fun I
got some it is not seen on TV product
it'll be out Thursday I got some good
product and one of them are very much
should enjoy all right
it's time to edit my bog so much fun I
know you guys love watching these vlogs
because I'm very entertaining in all of
them alright might as well have posted I
don't know what else I'm doing today I
mean I have videos to edit I should come
up with more video ideas it is traffic
he out there and still very rainy and
I'm very happy about all things I need
to work out got my knees hurt so I guess
I can't do the bike and just do an ab
workout instead so you see this wash has
made me like get my button gear with
health and fitness like I make sure I
reach certain standing goals exercise
goals movement goals every day I'm very
proud of myself and I'm very thankful
for the swatch hashtag not ad cuz Apple
doesn't need a sponsor anybody I suggest
if you want to be more active
i doesn't work for anyone but works
right my cousin and my mom they have
fitbit's
like doesn't need to be an apple watch
it's just something to be like hey
reminder you haven't moved a lot today
like oh I should move alright so my
knees really hurt he did something like
egg showing you does absolutely nothing
you can't see it it's an inside pain but
this is the worst that's ever hurt after
shot but I really want to work out so
I'm doing a little outward yeah alright
my mice look dark lines it's too light
in here so on finish my workout i waxed
my stache okay I don't have any of you
wax your stache yet but I lacked my set
and I used to use beef strips and I
still use them don't work definitely
more than instead of pulling out the
hair they just break it and so instead
of having like
mustache I have five o'clock shadow come
on give with it feed strips what's
happening
I did buy these ones on Amazon and the
boxer they had 12 strips in it and they
like he was sick so I think I just got
hustled which I hate anyway I just want
to complain about my mustache
