good morning I'm at the knee doctor with
my mother I'm not getting shots today
she is but she wanted me to come with
her
hi mom blah blah blah even though I want
to video the needles going in her knees
I won't because I think you'd all murder
me and all unsubscribe and block me so I
won't show that I want to this is true
laughter I'm not doing it for you hey oh
it's way later
my mom's knee shots when great one I
took away my mom's in the appointment
alone fine and then she left for you to
go pick out Parker and Jacob but now I'm
told I would be a grocery store but now
I'm working out I'm on my bike I'm
burning the calories um buzu mouth and
thanks that's a good workout is a good
workout it's 10:00 p.m. now and I'm not
target by myself
no one's here at 10:00 p.m. on the
monday who woulda thunk it i have a
video for tomorrow but i'm trying to
stock up because my friend Rachel went
Ling and Sammy are both coming to town
and I want to not have to do a lot of
work while they're in town so I'm trying
to tell a bunch of videos tomorrow
the stockpile and you guys seem to like
it when I test like kits and toys and
stuff I'm gonna try and find something
new to test and try and play with I
can't find anything to say if I decided
to do like a skit video and put a lot of
effort into thinking about comedy things
you guys don't ever watch those it's
these that you watch why don't get it
because I get so angry I don't know but
I kind of make one of these into the
videos this is my job this is my talent
oh no that puzzles didn't see that how
many views would I get on a video or I
just did a puzzle varo paint honestly
that was an epic but this is nothing I
feel like a sellout I'll have to come up
with something I'll go on Pinterest and
find some ideas but I was going to shop
around target the people decorate for
Easterns that a thing
I get the candy and Easter eggs if you
were like pull on decorate it is a lot
aisles Easter decorations here nothing
people actually decorated for that I
think I'm cleaning a lot in this video
I'm just tired to be in real with you I
made in the food section
I just went to three grocery stores
today but I need blossoming
me just food always on the brain 100 ohm
is above me literally I've been to some
regrow Surrey stores today and none of
them have Belgian waffle mix what is
happening how am I supposed to eat a
waffle now I'm just sad
alright I think I'm going to test more
as seen on tv products I think this is
the right move I'm gonna need a cart or
something I'm so tired I don't even know
why count me ok so usually I'm like an
impatient person kind of I just don't
like when people move slow and a lot of
my compound Rachel it's not like you
have any way to be great one I have a
lot of places to be ok but this is this
is why I think people that move slow are
rude
oh ok I really have to poop like it's
hurting my stomach really bad right now
I have to take a crap I can feel it
moving in my stomach I was farting all
through a target so I get in line and
his girl cuts in front of me I'm like ok
whatever fine I just need to pull hurry
up and her and the checkout dude ha I
got fart oh where I'm the geyser here
out have a full-on conversation not like
he's like stop checking her out to
continue the conversation he is the only
checkout person open the all my cash
register open just self checkout for
clothes so this I had to be checked out
by this person and he literally stopped
checking around and just have the
conversation they just chitchat she had
four items he took them I'm guessing
around 7 8 minutes to disk and 4 items
because they were talking about how
social media ruins people if I was not
having to hope I would have engaged in
that conversation and told them to shut
their faces but I was trying to suck at
my book lying still trying to bill but
it was road
it was inconsiderate like yeah they
didn't know I had to poop for what I was
still in line and then the lines are
backing out because if people are just
having a conversation like they're not
in a checkout stand
target I have to poke this wasn't me
this being a patient being like come on
it'll maybe night please come on
I think it's just rude to me it's dress
rude to go that slow and and I let me
just calm down no I won't I am quick
speedy and I don't get in people's way
and I think strangers appreciate that
about me I don't appreciate my camera
not focusing on my beauty but like it's
feeling like that one just you never
know what the person behind you or the
person trying to get around you or the
person trying to merge in your lane you
don't know why they're in a hurry so
don't tell them they're not allowed to
be in a hurry I'm into poop and I didn't
want to poop and target because they
were closing and so I didn't want to be
like in the bathroom as the doors were
being locked so I'm trying to race home
to poop don't be slow like don't be rude
to be that slow I wanted dated just got
a normal pace like any other checkout
person I wasn't out a problem right now
I've been on pooping but know that take
an extra five to ten minutes chatting
about social media and then he tried to
talk to me I shut that down oh I was
rude and I don't like being rude over
the years I have changed my attitude
towards strangers than I am
pikas and creamed all of them come with
kindness like I was rude I was very rude
I was any pride and I going down I was
literally sweating I have to AC blasting
right now I was sweating because I was
it takes so much energy to hold in my
poop might have the AC blaring on me I'd
be sweating right now oh my god I feel
it it's literally right here it is where
I can feel the poop it was here earlier
and now it's here goes down looking at
Adam ass you better move sorry guess I
failed him oh my gosh thought was a lot
of poop like so much I just not solid
and just that wasn't fun at all it was
really weak I get raging diarrhea for no
reason like I don't anything weird not
having that alcohol I haven't done the
drugs like just my body's like once
every two weeks I think it's like
night with one of those knife I'm
exhausted now I thought I was tired
before that ain't nothing alright now
that I've emptied out everything inside
my body
I've got hungry we had dinner at like
9:00 and it's 11:30 and I'm still hungry
that's sweet what speak the Washington
you
