hey√∂ on a prism or a banal pole I'm
getting gas right now at the gas station
you can't very overexpose you can't say
anything but then I'm going to pick up
clean and we're going to just a baby
shower taking of Cory as well clean and
Cory
then there's the baby shower time yay
all right amazing Christopher and
Jessica's my girl fancy Stephanie is
little appeal get it girl get it Lois
pushy hi mom girlfriend hey best friend
I know not happy let me have you come to
mind Sarah you don't do that seem to
work
my aunt shut up and brought her dog hey
daddy he little buggy buggy buggy buggy
thank you boo you thanks monkey boogie
oh all right I left the party it was a
lot of thought it was really cute
I just his friends were always really
nice I enjoyed them quite a lot good to
see some family my aunt Cindy was there
so that was fun but I'm driving home now
and I didn't have coffee this morning I
just didn't and so I'm really tired
driving home and there's some traffic
and it goes slow so I'm going to do what
I always do to wake myself up when I'm
driving I only do this when I'm in the
comments by myself because I don't want
to ruin the eardrums of other people
I scream
I feel good feel better a little more
awake now
oh you know what it is I just realize a
big problem Mac puts the seat
adjustments to his addresses which is
like sleeping he hasn't like lean back I
just realized that my hair is in the
proper position Wow
how first world problem and I yeah okay
come on let's go stairs you want some
food do you want some food yeah do some
more let's go get you some food Chloe
did Cory went to Canada for one night to
scout locations for shooting or zone
like that so she asked need to feed us
tonight and tomorrow morning so that's
what I'm doing I'm gonna give them a
little of a half hour love and then I go
back home you guys sleep by yourself
tonight buddy
you don't care as long as you get fed
I'll be in their living room when you're
done okay okay I'll leave you alone
sorry all right
he eat and then he just pooped and then
he walked on me
come here you poop on your butt
bye-bye
my one
