happy st. Patrick's Day it's st.
Patrick's Day today yesterday was
Christmas birthday but we couldn't
celebrate it yesterday because it was a
work day for him and I was working for
Burrell so I'm going over to his place
later tonight
so there's him and the birthday EAB to
do I hope his present gets here in time
I've ordered it two days ago and
supposed to get here today so sometimes
a Malan delivers at like 11:00 p.m.
let's hope today is not one of those
days I should have checked the mail all
of my thoughts but I a little bit I have
to first post a brand deal on into the
story silent hot a hashtag ad I'm so
excited about it we are off you pedis
closer to a doggy and a house guys we're
gonna do this we're gonna do this I get
a dog before my live show here's the
question should my dog come to the live
show we don't know we don't know it
should but we don't we don't know what's
going down anyway I'm going to go to
lunch with Colleen and a little bit
after it was my Brandel stuff see I'm
really attractive oh and I'm wearing
green no pinching I always hated that
rule the child I don't know if they do
it everywhere but it's where I grew up
if you didn't wear green on st.
Patrick's Day you got pinched worst rule
ever I'm at lunch and I didn't know that
all of these queens were coming my
definition is iris but there can of it
it's the old thing to unions is every
drink that's been made ever
oh because it's a healthy place you show
all year like okay listen
kollene ordered the food I have no idea
what it is like a waffle and a small one
huh
no no right it come on let's take out in
the big room cuz you're gonna rev up
anymore
um I saw my bug be careful oh yeah don't
worry
yeah tubular brass that I hope you've
never done that before
go Barbara well you suckle yeah never
well I pushed you on this before never
never done it when Christopher turned
one into a scooter oh my god on my
scooter I pushed you on one before to
the pumpkin patch this one oh my god
there you go
you did it now put it put your foot back
on it yeah Thank You Jackie you ran into
it I'm on board yeah that he gave me my
first longboard he gave me this yes yeah
I was way more grateful yeah love it all
right it is later I am at Christopher's
for his birthday party
look I just broke something but I got
him this it's an overdrive pedal for his
guitar I don't know it was on this
Christmas list and he didn't get it for
Christmas so I bought it for his
birthday hi Trent well we're all just
hanging out poor thing we're going to do
a pinata phone I think Jake is playing
the drop here it
they close the door as if it makes it
sound true that we have to prodigy hey
buddy how's it going
Oh what are you doing well you might see
my kid yeah what'd you do trick execute
around turning around trick go oh you
turn around yeah
not at all whoa boy you got hop the
dress is jumping yet why are you wearing
that dress not that I'm against it just
wondering okay because why you got a
girl
Oh crying all for taste time silly me
it's for take time don't put down if
you're going to wear a dress you have to
keep the bottom of it down yeah yeah
that's the rule the dress you can well
you good okay okay well don't hurt
yourself all right okay
no we're not ready
all right it's the next day and we are
actually making kebab glorious we went
fancy with some steak and chicken and
there's Matt over here was some like oh
I think I meant shrimp when I pointed
here at mass making some chicken ones
fancy and cooling what you got going on
over here red for a mouth lobster tail
jealous what mashed potatoes just a
simple dinner for people that simple
oh this is stupid
I object your fire look what this roof
support what that like you either
this little kitty cat was outside so
badly he just keeps their out there
buddy
no both Lunas neck look at look at look
at it look guys all right so it's way
later dinner 14 delicious I mean some of
my favorite people making me some
delicious food who wouldn't love that
but I came home because I talked about
this on my live stream I'm obsessed with
this new called show called shut-eye
it's about like psychics and how their
face and how they scam people and I am
so excited so the original series is
hashtag not ads but I said I would tell
you guys once I remember the name of it
and I've watched about three episodes
tonight and I'm gonna watch another one
of them are go to bed I'm excited
because all of my shows right now I've
finished watched everything and so now
I'm like waiting day-to-day for stuff
and now this is all the series is out at
once so I'm living my little life
it's not even bedtime yet huh I came
home early
I can watch another two episodes where I
have to wake up and go to the baby
shower
Jessica's baby showers tomorrow hey
y'all duncan celebrating you before
you're even here does that work baby
showers celebration baby why are only
women involved now
alright I'm gonna continue watching this
alright I think I'm going to bed
I think this vlog was just Christopher
failing of things like riding a
skateboard hitting a pinata I'm blowing
out a birthday candle
he's a graceful man uh anyway thanks for
watching I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow taking Nimitz
angels but they can't duplicate - you
got something special that makes you
gotta chase you I want it all
