guess where I am
my mother's huh
pick me hands and green oh wow you named
in pixie and tangerine alright so I'm in
ask me for my dentist appointment was
like why don't you do a dentist in LA
for it's closer to you you don't have to
drive an hour and have two hours because
it's an excuse to see my mother and also
I like the finish so I prefer to find a
good dentist it doesn't hurt your face
so we're doing but first we're going to
try and see if we get my car wash
quickly because it's dirty and she's
gonna spend a second no I'm not you just
made that up little liar food man
what gamma let's go clean my car guess
who has two cavities
cystic yeah so I got two Gabonese I'd go
back next we can get them filled they're
in between my teeth like in the gaps
bonus that means I get to see her again
this is not right
my mother is convinced me to hold
Marburg chicks both and like Bowl so
everything right on one hand a rule this
is so warm under that light the bases
with one hand I'm going to man Oh HOH
HOH HOH your choice JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ baby
did you just nibble at me special trick
you are in heaven mom just giggling
they're so cool
hey your kingdom out no thank you
no jumper you know what the hotel is
that all right I went with my mother to
go to the P pop P o box again where we
got mom Madras but they is all of the
ladder
laughs there you go done deal
got it all right I'm done with Santa
Barbara I mom and I just discovered
research of the day we're seeing each
other tomorrow for Christopher's
birthday parties we're seeing each other
Sunday for Jessica's baby shower and
we're seeing each other Monday because
she is Annie appointment and I'm going
back to Santa Barbara on Wednesday to
get my cavities filled so I will have
seen her five times wait yeah
today tomorrow Sunday Monday was it
OCR five times in the matter of one week
so that's a lot of mom and daughter time
it'll be fun don't worry about it but
I'm heading back to Santa Barbara and
I'm in traffic because it's 3:30 and
school just got out so everyone picking
up their kids for the kids are driving
home but it'll be fine and I'll get home
in time for dinner
it is 9:20 and that is art in bed like
asleep what is happening anyway so I'm
bored but I got a new a strap thingy for
my Apple watch because I didn't really
like black went all that much it's good
form unlike playing a sport but when not
this I wish to make dinner straps like
they're all pretty chunky I get it
because it's a thick watch but you think
that could make some little dainty er
this is about another one I got this one
it's rose gold I don't know but they're
all icky chunky I don't want chunky one
but I love my watch much so I'm going to
wear it regardless so it was a weird
smile diamond it is I'm really attracted
I swear I felt a lot more yesterday but
I guess I didn't I just think in my
brain I was like I went to Santa Barbara
I went to the dentist I did thing I must
have a lot of footage I did it that was
like a brain fart on my part
apologies the s-pen 16th of Christmas
birthday so happy birthday Christopher
so we got a lovely day that we'll see
you later tonight I don't know when
you're watching this or if you ever do
watch this you're kind of busy but if
you didn't watch Christopher average
that yesterday make sure you go do it
today but you have to say belated
because you failed you failed at wishing
rapper birthday honest birthday
so you have to do the belated birthday
that belated we'll just make you feel
like a terrible person and I've had to
deal with this a few times I've had to
say belated birthday quite a few times
and it anyway I love you guys thanks for
watching this and I will see you
tomorrow during my livestream
okay Mike wellness money ain't never
move money when you get to the money in
another movement number learn enough
money have another party when you party
everyday and that's another party
