hi everybody
the den get up below good evening and
good night so if you know me you know I
usually never wear nail polish like ever
never paint my nails and I have a guy
did recently just for kicks and giggles
the main reason I never paint my nails
is because it ruins my nails like my
nails start chipping and layering off a
whole lot I mean you see that that that
happens see it happening on this nail
that's what just does it makes my nails
super freakin weak and I'd rather have
healthy now but I recently bought a nail
strengthening thing so I'm going to redo
my nails and hopefully that helps and
I've heard on my toes a toe nails I
don't seem to help there so I'm going to
put it on my nail nails pick a nail and
hopefully it works that way so guys this
is me going to do my nails I also hate
hanging off nail polish it sucks
they're done as you can see I'm not good
at painting mail and I get it on the
skin but Dallas mop in the shower and
once it's dry I'm going to work out and
after I work out I'll take a shower and
don't be beautiful like me all right I
just did a workout and then I think we
match making me dinner soon hopefully
cross my fingers I have to make dinner
sue somebody I'm at a different race
over right now and I'm not a dilemma
okay my Rachel's room is up by the time
you watch this and you'll know that in
it if you haven't seen it which you
should have because how dare you in it I
recreate a dance I did as a child to the
song car wash now you too you can use 20
seconds of any songs without getting in
trouble
but if you use more than 20 minutes
you're going against the copyright thing
basically the Ancelotti's more than 20
minutes of a song that isn't royalty
free car wash is not royalty free car
wash is copyrighted so IRL I should risk
it and put in more than 20 seconds and
hope it doesn't get flagged or should I
put in the just 20 seconds of it I nail
the beginning of the song dance wise I
do not nail the end of the dance at all
I gave up it was very difficult to learn
because they're not dance moves it's me
just flailing my body around as a child
I don't know much for football right or
not obscure Estoque I figured out I'm
exhausted
I've been working out too much I've been
pushing myself more and more my legs are
so tired bodies because I'm just gonna
go to beam up maybe yes okay I decided
that I I cut up this song a little bit
so it's kind of jumpy but you'll get
suggested and I'm still dancing like an
idiot so just be okay with it but I'm
going to upload it now a day early which
I should already do in life and see if
it gets flagged overnight if it gets
flagged overnight then I'll edit it and
just do 20 seconds because right now
it's like for wordy seconds but it's
like chopped up so maybe they won't
notice the same song and we can all
dream we can hope and dream okay
hmm making week so Matt and I are hungry
and are watching TV and we've decided
the next commercial that advertises the
fast-food joint that's what we're going
to go the suspense is killing me
Sonic we're gonna Sonic well actually I
don't think we have a sonic around here
so scratch that one let's give ourselves
where are the food commercials I don't
want any other stuff when is we have a
winner
Wendy Wendy they don't use frozen beef
but their pears like crap yeah we ended
up going in now yeah Wendy's is just so
disgusting and now it doesn't make you
feel as gross so that's our night
typical us we tried we tried to act like
we were going to try to do something
else
I think it's Kirk
