the middle of day and I forgot that I
haven't blogged about today hello let me
turn off the artists topics we
contributed okay that comes on today
come on appletv he was human ha no way
anyway and I posted my main channel
video you will watch it go watch it it's
me forcing my mother to play Smasher
pass I don't participate I just make her
feel really awkward cuz I'm a great
daughter but I mean I love the workout
and they'd have to clean to make it look
like I haven't been living like a slob
for the past week well that's nice out
and snap my plans for today
she's probably also edit it is way later
the apartment is a sub thoughtless look
at those they were swept and then mopped
with a slipper thing I know carpet look
it can you see those vacuum lines
because I vacuumed it anyway Matthew is
home and it's waffle time we had dinner
but it's it's 10:00 now and it's waffle
time guys so it's not even Wednesday
it's Tuesday we're having an early man
all right beautiful as always
I'm Obama fight good morning I
didn't film a lot yesterday I was
occupied personal life deal with it but
because of that I don't want to post two
minute log because that's not my way
anymore I'm not gonna do that anymore
I'm not put an effort thing anyway so
I'm just a little more my morning before
I post this and then I just do a lot
extra stuff later today to make up for
tomorrow's vlog anyway oh but you guys
didn't know California's in the middle
of a disgusting heatwave it will end in
a few days I just looked at the weather
and it will rain later and be like back
down to 60 in like four or five days but
today we're still in a heatwave someone
makes nice coffee
tomatoes gonna be our only one good it
smells quite delicious because I saw
someone on Twitter having a nice iced
coffee I went online John peppers this
place was spotless before Matthew got
home and look at his mess JK that's mine
oh you know that's right I cleaned you
premiere this old food like this isn't
our skin blue trust us right here excuse
me excuse me excuse me are you cool
enough to put in a cup of ice nope you
are very hot self cool down okay
it's still too hot but I don't care I
want iced coffee
oh I filled I'd be like a paper towel
commercial look one different town
cleaned up the whole man oh really
pounding paper towels pretty good
hashtag no dad how should I give you
want to all the ice is melted slightly a
success little balloon valve but that's
my impatient all right now because I'm
going to go to Santa Barbara tomorrow
so it's because enjoy Santa Barbara
smart you guys didn't know that I'm
going to Santa Barbara tomorrow because
I have a dentist appointment I have been
flossing every day the past two weeks
and I should have been doing it every
day the past year get off my back
oh by the way this is my tripod
currently if you do this around
Christopher D stresses out if you put my
camera on liquid his birthday's on
Thursday as well his for this tomorrow
as well oh my goodness
somebody fakes happening tomorrow so
what they're talking about I turn this
on for a reason
Oh
because I was in this appointment
tomorrow I need to edit my Rachel's room
right now which is what I am doing well
I need to edit it today doesn't seem
right this instant but I wanted to drink
my eyes talks before I took a shower I
had nothing to do before I took showers
so I'm doing this and talking to you hey
all this is very interesting is it all
right my makeup done I wasn't blundering
my hair but I'm starving mmm so we're
going to go get lunch now because that's
what you do when you're hungry you eat
the food
hopefully if you can the lunch has been
eaten an hour at the grocery store so
Matt five food to start making me
dinners again he was lacking so much how
dare he anyway listen so we're doing
right now
check out these I think I should get
you do that put stuff on from the store
and then you're like how many people
will have focus on their head and how
many of them have lice or some weird
head disease what time can we were head
disease are there and they just like you
know I'm not going to not going to
trance it I'm a supplement things on my
head and our mind who's like yeah I need
to go to the store and get turkey
gizzards okay camera
you're ruining my joke why suppose my
camera everyone's like ninety percent of
my jokes because that's the blurriness
not because they're not funny alright
sorry this vlog was not wildly
entertaining as they usually are but
vacuum home and I wanted to just now
spend time with him because I've missed
him and things but so that's gonna be it
for today I'll make tomorrow's more
exciting for you but I love you guys and
thank you so much for watching and see
you later
come on Vivian rehab or maybe doesn't
sleep
patek confession I'm seeing it in my
dreams I'm down every alley
