good morning good morning I am at the
mall this morning I like to turn them
all in the mornings on weekdays because
there is no one here
and it's amazing I'm also getting my
truck wash they have a car washing thing
here but first off is a plane eyeliner
that she asked for
all right cool and I got your eyeliner
clean out whatever one of us goes to the
mall we are expect each other and I
presume all what he need and one of us
always needs something the guy cuts back
sunlight I mean you can't unsisterly all
right here this music is going to get
flagged in my vlog I got a talk where
it's not as loud as I was saying music
so loud I'll just talk fast
it is summer now in LA it was winter for
a while it was really nice I liked it
and now it's 90 degrees every day so I
don't have anymore summer clothes
because when winter hits
I always get rid of the summer clothes
that arm over and then I buy new ones
because I'm extra dough music change
but now I need summer clothes trucks all
clean I finished my shopping got the
bags of the things now I'm going to go
home and edit post a vlog and then I got
work to do I got to film and I did a
bunch of stuff so that's my life I am
dating an old man Matt x3 and you know
all those uh food places that deliver
food to your door so you can make
recipes fresh this is hashtag not add by
the way but Matt folds upon I need blue
wave Brendan he text music we need to
sign up for this so that we can get
delivered on Fridays because it does
three meals and it sounds like an ad but
it really is the delivers three meals
worth of food and recipes and he was a
we need to sign up for this so it gets
delivered on Fridays so we don't have to
go to the grocery store on weekends
anymore guilt okay why am i dating an
old man it's okay I'm an old woman so it
doesn't find up for that I don't know
it's going to be outlawed concise but
we're doing that so we don't have to
deal with working at the grocery stores
on weekends because Matt is serious at
grocery stores usually I was ready to go
into grocery stores but something's away
he's having to go to the grocery store
by himself
he's texting me angry like why can't
people pass back right why can't people
pack their own bag why I had to stand
there doing nothing waiting for employee
to do it you have so anyways that's
what's happening now I just uploaded my
blog and dank I'm gonna film where
Rachel's room real quick and then I'm
going to edit all of my videos because
that's turn from erase room I'll have
three videos film and I'm going to edit
all of them sorry watch you're not going
to get any more steps today we had our
fun at the mall that was good
who made me dinner tonight that's a good
question oh my god it's so exciting
everyone's getting their little do you
know it pisses me off with stickers from
my book Brewer in my book I just fully
groped myself while the cameras on these
houses we all know I grow people even
myself anyway oh yeah it's really
exciting everyone's finally getting
their stickers and it's cool I think
it's really cool I'm excited about it if
you guys don't know you
no here I wrote a book you can pre-order
it below and if you do pre-order it you
can sign up with another link below to
get a little thicker with my signature
on it that I signed myself sent you and
it's open for American United States and
the UK I'm sorry
Australia and New Zealand and Singapore
had all of the other places I know I
pushed for it but for some reason legal
distributing right for whatever it's
only available for the America you can
Canada but I love you guys so I love you
so much and give you kisses I'm hungry
and made me think about dinner so I'm
gonna text collate and say she'll feed
me tonight
Trent stop texting me I'm busy
I'll text you in a second French affair
what the crap go in reply back I said
you going to a bachelor party why in the
world what get married she confuses me
sometimes anyway
it would've been myself oh I almost made
it a full week I almost made it a full
week without having to feed myself
dinner I just saw her Rachel's room and
sweat my face off for a part of it oh
don't worry I showered got a little
sweat off of me but now I'm going to go
to the grocery store to make homemade
hot dogs I have to make new cells better
the new thing of the day is me making
dinner but also it's going to make
homemade hot dogs because someone sent
me a link to that and it looks delicious
so let's go ahead yeah hi Nick gosh
when you see you'd remember like
Rachel's that's what you sweated over
really how out of shape are you oh very
very out of shape but it was a lot of
effort I did not know that there was
this many reefs in the world suck these
infections sorry bad joke what else do I
need corn starch how much and wash them
tiny one cup fine corn starch bounciness
it's fine
they look good but they need fine I'm so
sorry for these terrible jokes but you
guys this lighting is something that is
not key so as much as I normally don't
care about what angle I film from
lighting is everything all right are you
guys ready so watch me make and eat
homemade porno you're not either online
because I'm cooking ready Tom may come
so I'm using a bendy tripod and I
haven't quite figured out yet all right
here's the thing and you put the milk
inside of it and you have to make it a
hundred and ten degrees and then you put
some yeast inside of it some movie while
you stir it
oh then you have to let it sit for two
minutes and then you put some olive oil
and the thing and then pushes out sugar
anything well I just discovered that I
bought cornstarch instead of cornmeal so
one then I have to go back to the store
I'm not happy about it at all
I'm very hungry I'm angry pennyboard it
down and I got it I'm sweaty again I
start it alright time to scratch
everything I already did and restart
all right next back to every word he
puts the cornmeal and the thing and then
you put some milk that's hot and the
piece inside of that then you mix it
just keep on mixing mixer and yeah flour
mops flour and then you add salt mean
and then you had baking soda and then
you really put you with making soda in
it so you have to try and take them out
be winging it and if you add the other
stuff added me mix it then you put it on
a floured surface and get all the little
tumbles out and do this for a while
all right let's put all the ingredients
together and I have to put it in a
lightly oiled bowl with a towel on top
for one hour and what I don't like about
cooking it takes too long and there's
always twists and turns aren't accepting
so tired and hungry there's flour all
over my camera I put some sticks in some
dough and I floured my surface it's
almost time to take this out of the
thingy oh you put that down right there
smoosh it push it real good do you feel
that now roll that dough nice long
stroke ooh that looks pass now cut it
make sure you cut it exactly how it's
supposed to be coz you follow the rules
that's a nice life girl you done good
how you rolled that Wiener you roll that
Wiener good that's a nice-looking wiener
all right I'm doing four I have leftover
dough I think this would make about
maybe eight to ten dogs depending how
you do it but I'm only doing four
I know you think I would eat that much
but I just preparing myself all right I
put beaten egg on top of them and now
I'm putting them in the oven for 15
minutes
well 15 minutes boom whoa poor dog let's
see if it is good I'm pretty proud of
them like I made them they are made
that's the thing it's been made time
heat there's gonna be hot huh
well hopefully the condiments cool it
down it smells like egg I put a lot of
egg on the top very eggy now here's the
thing as I was making this and I baked
it and whatnot all by myself I hope you
like it's not going to taste like a
corndog it's going to taste like a
breaded dog well ha they're good but
it's not a corndog
it is a hard bread shell on a hot dog
it's good I'm going to beat probably all
four of these but it's not a corn dog at
all but I ain't hatin - article and hung
out for a little bit fun as always and
she wasn't at a bachelor party forgot oh
I'm getting married you that what the
bachelor season finale freaking all of
our designer anyway I love you guys
thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow bye
