daylight savings happened last night so
we in America we lost an hour of sleep I
actually love this time now like when
the Sun sets later and so much better in
life I don't want it but today my friend
Jenna asked me to go with her and her
sister to do this glass slide in LA was
it called a row is called
hold on it's cause sky space so good so
crusty
anyway so I'm doing that today but first
I gotta do other things but I'm gonna go
down a glass slide on top of a building
in LA
alright Brits sky space thing where
we're gonna go on a slide but right now
we're in this room of beauty that shows
us what we're gonna see this is
apparently what our view is gonna be I
don't know why they're done just letting
us see the view ourselves but ok also
this is Jenna this is my lovely American
Jenna is the first person that was ever
my friend that did her eyebrows like
colored the pen she was my first eva
friend i love her mom look at this is
last to do it's not doing it what is it
oh he disappeared input DNA ok we're
putting our feet on the thing
missa me did it boom took our picture we
look fine we just did the slide it was
like one foot by one foot but now we're
outside the ladies like yeah you can
totally film that going down and then I
was about to go down and the guy was
like excuse me you can't have your
camera out it's like what it's strapped
to me he's like nope we're doing
whatever but now we're on top of the
world so this is it
nothing could stop me I'm all the way
Valencia I wanna love tan what you my
caption be I want to be clever how about
like to watch five minutes do you think
I should take it down
let me give a selfie where did you bring
me how do I drink it what do I do
I don't do fancy drinks won't melt my
straw oh that's good so I decided to get
a face mask but I don't think it's a
very good one he's falling off my face
and it doesn't feel like it's doing
anything so I feel like I'm gonna get
some better ones at the mall tomorrow
I'm gonna go to like Sephora cuz those
are ones from Target I like my nose is
even in it my nose needs help but I
thought I'd try it because the skin on
my face has been like super freakin dry
lately and then I asked that someone's
for my feet these are a moisturizing
soft but I wanted to be able to block a
little bit well I did this cuz what's
the point if you don't blog it anyway
oh my SD cards about to run out of room
that's unfortunate I gotta delete some
stuff hold on yeah my face is starting
to feel tango like no oh goodness
better like with it like it in cold no
oh goodness help my face be better my
toes just feel wet my feet just feel wet
it looks like some like weird S&M crap
does my skin look better no my feet
thingies are still on they're supposed
to stay on longer don't mind the dirty
clothes I had so much fun doing the sky
space with my friend Jenna and her
friend and her little sister I'll put
all their Instagram stuff below in case
you took a fancy to one of them in the
few seconds you saw them you can follow
them I just turned my AC on it sounds
like it's gonna explode anyway that's it
for today I love you guys thanks for
watching and see you later
