I'm going to the gynecologist today
because even if you aren't sexually
active you should still get checked you
didn't get your bitch checked and make
sure everything's going good down there
and in the boobie area you need to make
sure it's all good okay you goggle once
a year once you turn 18 just to get
everything checked out make sure
everything's good all right cancer runs
in my family my grandma had cancer in
these areas I have to make sure I'm up
to date man there's a lot of information
to give you huh surprisingly enough it's
international I was at home
international girls and women's HIV /
aids Awareness Day
I think oh I like to check out the daily
holidays you're just going to sit there
all pretty life the best angle of me
possible today's holidays in the USA oh
it's just in a national awareness day
every site just so we all know every
site has different holidays like a
different site I'd sacrifice it was
international awareness day for women's
and girls hiv/aids and this one's just
saying it's awareness today so but most
of them they say it's Mario date like
Mario Luigi to us paper money day
International bagpipe day I don't
understand
oh oh oh Turkey Gras anyway so ladies
even if you're not sexually active it's
a bit
alright that was literally ten minutes
and painless
so just so you'll know it's okay it's
not scary did find out that I have
hemorrhoids from pushing my boob out to
Hawks that's right ladies and gentlemen
I have hemorrhoids from pushing my poop
too much so I have to drink more water
and if I still pushing too much I have
to get stool softener that's what's
happening in my body what's going on in
yours
hello it's way later and I am at
Christopher and Jessica's house for a
family game night saying that we
randomly are doing tonight which we've
never done before
this is yeah I mean that's what I do
when I'm excited - Andrew do you not do
that
dad you need to be excited as Bailey I'm
a big fan see you guys won yeah
the chickadees went to bed and now we're
going to play dropping we did just buy
the guest best game ever but involves a
long trip the girls called game of pigs
I actually did a brand deal for it no
game of X and just like just like that
otherwise you're not coming out to July
what is this year they're like some
flooding thing that postal money
Fancher knows all the weird facts but we
played game of things like crystals
obsessed I did a brand deal for a really
long time ago yes and then never
actually like your iPad
Peter men in your ball and can you today
is a night where we're friends me and my
vlog is our friends we all vlog no I
just make up their names every time
they're my friends I can tell them the
truth
I told them about my favorite alright
what well I told them when I glad them I
got a college I uh I went to the guide
of the day and she goes are you aware
you have hemorrhoids so it no your
button know what how do you have Edward
II don't know I don't know she was like
do you push really hard when you poop
but I said yes glances hahahahaha but
drink lots of fluids baby in your
butthole oh she said if I need to I need
Preparation H even itches or something
else like no and just never bug me so
exactly like a ball that like post on
your thought like what's a hemorrhoid
yeah you look a little ball and without
you want to see it is your bow and on
his action actually a hundred percent
whole going to be your but ball
I just cover everything I started off
after I might feel for a bubble I might
feel for the hemorrhoid ball on it right
it'll get annoyed if you wanted to the
hemorrhoid yeah hemorrhoid yeah wait
wait
most important question do you get a
doughnut oh no it's not that bad I was
smoking I was like I wanna go anyway
doughnut
that's the point story goodbye I oh it's
the next day I woke up worked out
already for the day to the live stream
and I was about to go to the store I
thought this was going to be it I
thought I was going to have to make my
own dinner because I come house one of
my way you think someone else can feed
me dinner every single night for the
past how many days have been five sad
nights
oh there goes tiny little Center so I
was looking online to what to buy I was
about to get out door and then Killeen
texted me and said hey you wanna come
over for dinner in an hour he'll say yes
I love me so I'm gonna go over to clean
with a little bit right now I'm just
living my life so happy that I've
somehow not had to feed myself dinner
I've been myself lunch so I doesn't make
a CV and J or a turkey or a grilled
cheese sandwich every day oh I'm happy
all right general number five of me not
cooking it myself and making other
people cook food for me is here bullying
what have you made this is some potatoes
orgasm I say potatoes twice baked potato
orgasm artichoke happening I'm ready
uh-huh
here is a cat
