good morning it is floor Jim laying day
so got me pads on I got my dog to
us while we work and we have to finish
flooring at Jim sakes is supposed to
rain tomorrow and the next day LA's term
of rain we have to cut all our wood
outside so we have to finish it all the
day or else it won't be done till
Wednesday that's the plan today let's
see if it happened cuz I always make
plans doesn't mean I always follow the
plans we are almost done with the gym we
worked on it for two and a half hours
and then looked at me goes I want a
smoothie and I said I want an acai bowl
so we have about an hour's worth of work
left but I left and that's getting us
food we're hungry
it's 2:30 we have anything lunch no
thanks to you
yeah you're high 4:20 not a weed
reference justice anyway I think I'm
gonna take him on a walk
he's very hyper he's been a very good
boy he did like a lot of armpits while
we were playing the floors but he
deserves a walk I am making avocado
brownies I have no idea when the last
time I tuned in to you was dinner
together
I would tried some new falafel place
wasn't that great we know better once
but I had great reviews on Yelp I don't
think those Yelp people know about those
other places that we've been to
there's avocados not good half that's
good I'm gonna sit here and pick out the
half whether the other avocados I know
I'm picky but I'm a Californian and I
know a good avocado and I see one that
one's even worse we're going with the
first but I am watching YouTube videos
via the Bluetooth headphones Matt got me
for Christmas and making avocado
brownies I think it's gonna be okay
which means I have to edit this video
little bit
boom
brownies done applause hold your
applause hold your applause domestic ad
things so it's supposed to start raining
- wait let's see how many hours until it
rains I'm a Californian I'm just showing
my true colors today in this video at
1:00 a.m. so in two hours it's supposed
to start raining and it's gonna rain for
two days straight there are gonna be so
many mudslides in California because
everything well in Southern California
because everything is burned down and
then it's gonna pour rain so it's just
gonna turn into mud slides all over
you
