hey there good-looking what's up it's
the boring and I have to edit my video
and then I'm going to Santa Barbara
that's my plan today what's your plan we
plan to do in your life today
much more in my videos okay I'll allow
it
alright I'm putting my main channel
video in my vlog for today
and I'm running a little late I want to
make the SB while they're still
sunlights I can film with my mom so
don't like bringing my lights to SB with
me anyway so I'm going to get to getting
and go through their nabarro and hanging
on the family so I had to stop at the
mall for something and on the way that I
saw this car smoking and I saw a ball of
fire under it like well shoe and I drove
really fast passes so that I wouldn't
blow up event blew up I'd localize next
to it anyway there were no cops on the
scene eeeh and then I did my thing for
like half a second and when I came back
out the fire department's here and the
thing is just burnt to a crisp so that
sucks but I don't think it was her
because it was smoking for a really long
time and everyone was like kind of
getting away from it when I drove past
earlier so that's a good thing
now the Santa Barbara for real this time
I just made to SB so this means this is
in my hair what's that
what is it it's just like wood soaking
wood in my hair one world might want to
get your card anyway I just made an SB
and one of the main reasons I came home
is because my mother picks a steel box
up for me I were actually on our way to
peel box right now and organized it for
me she text me the day and said someone
sent you an Apple watch what someone
sits Brian I think is their name get me
an Apple watch oh my gosh thank you but
like I literally been acessories thank
you both let's be wrong I love my mom I
want to go with video there mmmmmm I
want to be Apple watch some industry if
they're like I had it never used it
didn't really like it so it's new it's
good Exodus wipes clean sell yours I
don't I don't think I could ever express
how thankful I am and how appreciative
vitamins that so seriously felt like
thank you thank you I already love it
that was the nicest thing ever seriously
you're amazing thank you very much my
mom and I are on to peel back mouth
don't laugh at me doubted like Elvis but
we're mush I just get it I don't I feel
awkward like you sent me something
really nice and expensive values more
make sure you know I'm appreciate of it
/ - preciate it Clemmie stop talking I
just just know that I am thankful and I
love you anyway we're on the way to peel
box to pick up stuff from Co box and
then my mom and are going to film some
videos together Kiki Kiki and she's
making me a lovely home-cooked meal
I love it to the max out of town I'm
making everyone else ever thought about
anything with salmon first oh my god
being plantain oh my gosh come on this
packages that are coming please go get
them okay for me okay all right thank
you no yes don't cookies do you do this
daily everyday I love you so we picked
up the presents we're in the back no the
presents just the gift so what are the
packages no that's the word I was
looking for I am going to do a peel box
opening video for my birthday for anyone
sends me stuff I'll do it a few days
after my birthday I probably do it on
this channel but that way if you simply
mark the presents you can see me
appreciate it and hear me sound like
Elvis when I offer the thing that you
like normal all right so we found our
video I mean another very uncomfortable
that should be up in a week or two but
now my mother wants to make this chicken
thing she found on the internet my chest
or I did arms and chest yesterday mommy
my chosen form I'll thank him this what
you do to me
poke my mother isn't going on about how
she feeds the crows but I don't hear
matter I think we miss her she's the
only person that feeds clothes no one
sees crows the rapid wings I'm sorry
they're God's creatures I love you
alright uncle rubble did you miss them
all these peanuts you just throwing
peanuts into the street will come by it
just won't be like 50 like Martin you're
that crazy woman do that crazy old lady
in the neighborhood I don't feed rats
though cat in the box anyone capybara
yes you're all very pretty I love all of
you
I like that you're kind of laying in the
box oh did you want me to pet you more
hello Gus is going to get jealous if he
sees this video okay so for the new
thing I'm trying today I'm going to make
this candy bar that Ava from Twitter
suggested in any no and Nemo an anemia
bar
I don't know what it is never heard of
it never seen it never eaten it so we're
going to make it tonight okay the recipe
calls for custard powder but we've never
heard of that or seen it before
we don't know if it's like a mania thing
but we're trying to find custard powder
and it is not going well right all right
they don't have custard powder here but
I went on Google and it says vanilla
pudding is a common substitute for
custard powder so I know you guys the
candles are doing its own America
everyone but probably one it's probably
it's us so uh we just are substituting
things
my mom's give me a bushel of parsley to
give to the rabbit because we use a
little bit in the dinner tonight
I shouldn't see the rest of it what's
texting me Oh rabbit do you whip them do
you want some guinea pig look at you
nibbling little nibblers oh hello
sweetheart did you want to pet I'm here
yet you're very pretty
you're very pretty kitty reality oh
you're coming on for a little kitty and
rub it you're pretty kitty too so my mom
has this thing where she wears surgical
gloves to do everything to take out
trash to wash the dishes to cook food to
clean I prepare you a germaphobe it's
not a germaphobe my name is super super
crappy if I continue to wash the whole
time well say but I put lotion for now
now I get those gloves make my hand
sweat and I like it I'm everybody's
parting loved it thank you my goodness
great but your garden ago just want to
protect you from dirt call me ma you got
some glove issues love you can now I've
sliced carrots my dad just showed up
typed in the real ahead Bobo here we go
eat the carrot excuse me you're a Robin
you're supposed to like carrots you
don't want the character
okay now the chickens get some of them
oh god that's almost poop everywhere
some of the other carrots all right how
do I chicken it out of chicken soup
they're chicken feet I'm out of here
mom made dinner modern a dinner oh thank
you okay sir okay we're gonna accept me
here so the perfect person to help us
make this dessert my mom's already
started that's double broiler I don't
even know what that means
double-o there you go
lock it as well in the top of the double
broiler combines 1/2 a cup butter white
on over and cocoa powder this part I
don't know where anything is you can cut
around here I have butter what do you
know Canadians too long come over front
rich great our mouths fourth row
Hey okay all right turn this off until
it's melted my mom maybe through the
camera back on so she could show you an
egg okay I'm going to show you a
different angle it's a green blue egg
and why they think about my chickens
okay but wait a minute maybe we okay
okay I'm so bored with my simple
pleasures on life as you're back off now
it's beginning Harper it was arm day
yesterday
oh my god all right and then we add in
coconut a cup of coconut I'm gonna run
and package of almond wrinkled gosh come
on now where those muscles up or that
custard thing not yet
consent it's Canadian you should've used
the B game you may show them the egg but
you didn't even use a compass
all right so is it good all right let's
press it in how does that race you make
you go mmm mmm
okay look spring come on she just gave
me a look of death that you met I got
one of these because there's goodies on
the bottom the didn't get mixed what see
the goodies cookbook man I miss those
goodies Hey well he did it
- well I'm good this no now you're a
little bit that's not right yeah okay
now I'm going to fix all your little
poop can you go into me oh I got a part
well now to the walk did you Vic wha
what I ain't so bad you just enjoy guys
get over it Prison middle layer cream
together what does that mean I mean yeah
how you cream something together some
mixers and half a cup of butter heavy
cream and custard powder until lightly
light and fluffy
okay that's over to doesn't instance
consider I'm from we know the source
that you got to get in alright well
we're going to target instance of
pudding because we got a coked-up
pudding nah it's all good don't matter
well we're back
okay I got it skirt I got cardigan oh oh
happy my stomach not upset I'm just
barking a bunch all right cream um
together
powdered sugar in so smooth
we need two cups powdered sugar one
yourself I have to go back to the
grocery store to get powdered sugar -
back you got the brown sugar
confectioner what is the confectioner
who is he I don't know that's the
missing person this is really on that
why am i doing it then you're not
this is your new you can grab it from
God my dad found out what a confectioner
is I got your eyes palette it's someone
to sells or make sweet what you say
after that can see maintenance it's the
Candyman really welcome all right it's
smooth that was all smooth then we're
going to put it on top of that and then
it has to fill I don't know how long do
things till for Stephanie you're
professional well I do the phrase
probably like an hour - but I like to
stick in the freezer for 30 minutes yeah
we'll do your way we'll do three minutes
in the freezer why you think it's so
long over here woman you want to submit
see it this camera's not I would have
got a butt kick you want me to do it Oh
Oh your youtuber now you have to do a
quick way automatically go poof and then
it's done
- Tina do you want me to do that it's
just a lot I gotta set it up so it's
still wanted to do that alright what
were you doing to it I'm covering it
moment these are any airs miss what are
you in your breather ice obscure air
horn over the pill bars go on mom get
some girl get some are going to do this
Canadian way how is the Canadian hockey
fan looks good no that's not right what
I thought if that was good just do it
nicely so easily because they're sweet
Tim do it like that it ain't cheap who
are you looking at you're a child
give me some
did you give you a spoon to like that
let me get my thumb down to the bottom
of the bowl I don't know talent around
come on
my mom just hinted that she wanted the
camera back on the best tint your things
in the world
thank you only from Ojai California
United States of America that these
injuries are called sacred injuries they
are seedless and I just found a seed in
one of mine and I went oh and see and I
spit it out my mother yanked it from my
hand and ran in the backyard and planted
it you're gonna have a little tree home
fix the danger Raintree Oh see how that
works well get back to it about five
years all over those six grow I'll go
oops and like you guys do all right
we're breaking into it
my mom's cutting it up apparently Ava
says that once we eat this we can say
we're partly Canadians there it is this
is what was made right oh look at this
look I'm into it
No so are you mean it the more you love
it mm-hmm well bah bah bah that's good
tell mama serious level make that what
about me finger lickin good
all right I'm home and it'll work out
but uh it's bedtime so thanks for
watching guys see you tomorrow
