the winning is morning and then it's the
morning and morning
oh hi
okay so I'll put up my blog and I'm
gonna see what you guys suggest for the
things in which I do that are new I
didn't even try to rap and didn't even
know it but I did uh so yeah but also
I'm gonna I need to do a bunch of like
normal expecting me novella blogging
anyway I didn't do a lot of normal
shopping like not grocery shopping and I
closed shopping just like Lucian and
Glenda's taught me the ways of just
buying it all out Amazon so I don't have
to leave now but to so Amazon shopping
what a prime hashtag not that but I wish
so knowing the things I went on Amazon
laughs it goes somewhere that's a good
target my god
alright fine I'll go to Target but I'm
not gonna like it
that's a lot of dole ago like it Oh
getting out of the house is so much work
how people do this in a normal piece
goodness gracious
so brutal here so much alright I'm done
with that anyway I got a bunch of stuff
because I'm so bored you got to show a
bunch of beauty stuff you can't really
see it I'll show it to you later that
like face mask foot masks hand mask
didn't even know they made the hand once
did I try them before is not the 99-cent
store a product so hopefully they work
out so better I'm gonna be beautiful and
glowing when Matthew comes back I never
want to leave me again
this is what it takes to film in the
kitchen they're all sound absorbers more
lights than normal people not to film in
this kitchen because the echo in here is
so bad but I just set up and I'm going
to do a multicolored slushy machine
cleaning out me this for Christmas so I
thought I'd try it out with st.
Patrick's Day colors so that's what
we're going to do new that did not go as
planned if you haven't watched the
Gordon Ram my main channel and watch it
but I seriously was actually trying to
succeed at this machine project thing
and it fully just didn't work I don't
know if I was supposed to like go longer
but I did the exact times I don't know
that was stupid and I was actually kind
of really sad for a slushy and for those
you're like family fake - no man it
would be signing on one how dare you
think me failing is funnier than me
succeeding what do an actual slushy
would have made a better thumbnail and
that's how you know youtubers or trying
because they want that thumbnail it's
all about the thumbnail girl and the
title yes I suck at something else but I
know an actual explosion would have been
better than the ones I had a photo shop
in okay so for today's new thing that
we're trying you guys were really
focused on the food you give me other
suggestions besides food just so you
guys know but on twitter : underscore
underscore me good handle i said my
coworker told me to try grilled cheese
with apple sauce give it a shot so while
that target I grabbed apple sauce
because I saw this earlier and thought
ahead and I'm a smart person I got some
apple sauce and I am starving and it's
5:30 so guess what's going to be my
dinner
real cheese I exercise and if it fails
and I'm just going to put ketchup with
is that this grilled cheese not the
apple sauce
why is it wet moldy mouth oh good
I haven't made a grilled cheese in over
a year like I haven't made one since
I've lived in those apartment so I've
kind of lost my touch
I used to be like the queen of grilled
cheeses but that one's pretty sloppy
grilled cheese if you ask me
and now let's dip it in some applesauce
and see how it tastes
I have a feeling I'm not really gonna
like this but we're not going to until
we try it I think I kind of like it
wait yeah I mean it's not my first
choice but it's definitely good and then
I rather have ketchup with it or creamy
tomato basil soup but I don't hate it I
think this was a good decision on my
part and I'm coolie number four on
underscore me and my friend you know I
thought I lost my touch making grilled
cheeses but I didn't this is delicious
Lindsey semicolons we decided that it
was 9:00 p.m. Anita rested even bitter
eating dinner he did edan words I cannot
say so we decided to make Thanksgiving
sandwiches so we got some chicken
potatoes whoops mashing we got stuff in
corn biscuits and we were going to do
cranberry sauce but we don't want to buy
a full senior cranberry sauce so we got
four fruit fresh they are cranberries in
it so we're having a Thanksgiving
sandwich dinner thing it's like what now
9:30 at night 9:00 it's not so well the
audience probably tenkan mashed potatoes
take a long time I know that were so
like lame with a cheap with everything
else like we're like canned corn can't
like box stuffing but mashed potatoes
must be from scratch
oh what a hundred cent box nothing the
best canned corn can't tell the
difference mashed potatoes you better
not give it me mashed potatoes want
socks I can tell the difference between
regular corn like or the cops always
better but it's not in season
you're also better at tasting things
than I am I might quote and in my mouth
thank you you would know we do not make
yeah I bet the only thing it would you
listen me
got some went into the bag gasps outside
he's so happy
do you like that we went to the grocery
store he's so good hello you Julian Jim
okay Colleen start cooking this case
then we're going to fill it with mashed
potatoes and stuffing and corn and
chicken and Omaha
anyway what she said wasn't even it
happens in between he doesn't even know
which one to go in but I pulled it and
then I peeled those and that's the only
thing I did to make this meal and I'm
helpful I'm helpful insane
we've got the biscuit option we got
pieces focus you little mother effort
look at that Oh get out of my life I'm
dead this was mine get this cat isn't
scared of loud noise no two cats about
meeting your food so you scream at it
and it goes away all right this is my
first bite let's see if I click this
again ah hmm
oh my jam and actually really good I'm
gonna be able to sit inside of my friend
crushed it it looks disgusting but it's
so delicious
oh I'm full passes oh all right I just
got home 12:40 so I'm going to go to bed
I had a lot of fun though or equally we
made the stupidest videos together and
then we watched some of our old videos
to laugh at how stupid we were and it
was a lot of fun I'm going to Santa
Barbara in the morning so I need to wake
up early to edit this and to edit by the
video
let me look hard
good night mm-hmm
