Matt just left me for the week he's gone
until I don't even know when this
weekend Monday maybe I have no idea
he doesn't even know but I'm all by
myself don't know what to do
maybe I should work i sedative lodge I'm
gonna go grocery store a little figure
out my last dinner
smile I have another on do my own dinner
oh you wanna know something miss forgot
annoying it's a 100 percent of rifle
problem this this did dick this keeps
breaking my headphones come on and it
was a personal problem
leave me be oh come on stopping about
whole anyway so I didn't post in my blog
and it's for 40-some live specially for
43 but I wanted to round it up to 4:45
and it ended up sounding like that slice
of life some life anyway I decided I
want to try something new every day I'm
trying to entertain myself and keep
myself occupied so I don't I can't do
alone I this is this is a flaw in myself
and I know that but I don't like ever
being alone cleans the same way I think
it runs in our family but anyway to
distract myself from the fact that I am
currently alone I've decided to try
something new every day and today some
on Twitter Haleh said that I need to try
extra cheddar goldfish nice hold on I
would and I don't want to break promises
so I'm going to go to the store and try
to find them she says they're the
world's best food and I highly disagree
with that but I haven't tried them so
I'm not going to knock it til I try it
and I have a very strong sneaking
suspicion that they are not the world's
best food because I've eaten a lot of
food and there's a lot of good stuff out
there and I highly doubt that extra
cheddar goldfish are in the top 20 of
the world's best food let's go prove
Halle wrong
shall we and if you guys have any
suggestions of like things you want me
to try this week let's do don't be like
skydiving because that's a lot of money
and takes planning stupid things like
extra cheddar goldfish stuff like that
well
things like that so if you have
suggestions tweet them to me and I'll
try something do it every day this week
how about that that seems like fun yeah
all right so Matt took the motto we've
been left with the truck and I don't
really want to take the truck on tiny
little errands
by going to nursing store there's the
gas mileage and sauce cool
I'm getting bored to the store yeah what
if you crazy mother
ah
Oh
all right let's see if you're right or
wrong they page like office I got that
little extra bite in the beginning when
they're not bad but they're not the
world's best food but I'm glad I got
these because I'm starving right now so
this is my snack well they're better
than the originals but they're not the
best food but they are they're good
they're good but I'm never like we know
the best food in the world is this is
good though remember tweet me or comment
below or Instagram in your face with me
things I should try and have to be food
when we're not stupid E I already have
some plan for Sunday let's have some fun
guys so it's time for tea and I haven't
fed myself dinner don't judge me
I had cereal already learned but that
doesn't count but cooing just tweeted
that she has leftovers so I'm gonna go
over to her house and steal a bunch of
leftovers what food obtained time to eat
it the dishes didn't get magically
cleaned today
that's weird if Matt was the one that
magically cleans them I'm going to get
ready for bed
he'll want to turn off the lights to
come on back out come back I don't want
to do this choice
whoa
