come on bit my baby Beckham mum come on
bring my baby come on
everyone's doing that sharing covers so
I thought I'd try one out that was it so
it's the morning of the days and the
days in the morning so let's do the
day's and do things you are so beautiful
to me it's really hot and moist in there
oh I'd be good near it I don't like I
felt like I was sweating I'm I think
that's it I'm excited to drink the moist
stream she would talk about how dirty my
bathroom is
I don't think my bastardy wedding or
something really sad though okay
accidentally broke my cool glasses I set
them okay this has makeup on it not ear
stuff I have them right here and then I
accidentally put my straightener on top
of it and it melted it that's what I get
for having a dirty bathroom and not
paying attention to where I put things
also for having my glasses in here why
are these in here I did a 30 second
clean so it quickly picks things up and
now I'm starving and it is lunch time
and it is done to eat I'm a blue
so I'm still blue no know what's
happening but Matt just looked at me in
the car and he goes genius dogfish like
oh by the way he was gonna leave today
but they decided early tomorrow instead
comes a unique footage for tonight it
looks like yeah why I would buy the
tickets right now did you all know it's
99 days so my book comes out you know
Twitter keeps me updated I don't know it
and then I look at Twitter and then I
see everyone's come to us and there's
something wrong which I find very
entertaining um anyway I just uploaded
my vlog it's 3 p.m. and I think we're
leaving at 4:00 because we're gonna get
dinner by the stadium tonight for the
gay basketball game this season it's
gonna be great it's not the Lakers it's
the soundex versus the Clippers but the
Celtics are Matt's favorite team and I
have ended up watching more of their
games than Laker games because the
Lakers suck and it's just sad to watch
but it's basketball go to basketball
games and I'm very very very excited
about it
all right we made it inside we're
farther out this time but that we have a
better view
and my favorite thing about going to
games is the three things that give you
I got a headband this time hold it hold
it at me so I can put on my headband
hey man hey man look if I put my hands
down my pants like this I activate my
butterfly effect see see those are my
wings yeah those are my wings do you
like them theirs are my wings what do
you think about it look at my wings now
stretch them out all right they stretch
out my wings oh I'm a pretty butterfly
what we do here just go back back back
watch this watch this watch this watch
it okay oh all right you see that ball
your that's the ball I see the book okay
get that ball okay I'll get that ball
okay all right wait am I supposed to the
ball now oh okay wait oh no are they
looking ready buying it I bite he's fine
man anyone will come help him he's
faking it all right come on get up
I think they bought it okay cool I'll
get up now got the foul got the foul all
right look at the titties oh I fell on
my butt I fell on my butt it hurt mine I
got this I got this
oh man I got this all right we're
piecing out a minute early it seems as
though the Clippers shall win and they
Celtics have lost
that way I know at the beginning of the
day I said I didn't really care who won
or who I was rooting for but the Celtics
are Matt's team so I felt pretty bad
that they lost anyway we're getting food
now he just went inside real quick and
that's the whole story Laurie okay real
quick there's a player called Paul
Pierce he was on the Celtics and now
he's on the Clippers and they were doing
this huge tribute to him and he didn't
even play in the game what I know he's
old and everything but come on put him
in the game it's his day
