she's already laughing because she knows
what I'm about since today
so good morning hello it is Sunday we're
flying back to LA and this morning we
all kind of woke up at the same time but
we all say Tibet and cleaned stumbles in
Tibet it goes the bathroom enemy here
maybe ten we did you see a lot of parts
in the row and then B here we go I
always am crazy part in the morning and
I feel like I need to address it too
little you don't otherwise you guys are
all sitting in another room here again
you think upward no we're not really I
need to be like listen I know this just
happened so it's not like I was actually
surprised I was like you guys know that
I usually we were surprised yeah it's
way later than the day I'm on my phone
I'm sorry but we were about to go to
Heather's Beverley bombshells show and I
just got to Colleen's to pick her up and
I realized I left foggy at home like an
idiot the car is here yeah but I'm
stairs and we're gonna go see some
bombshells that aren't named Beverly
you
all right Cory was a predator let me
borrow his vlog you for the show and now
I'm back home and a half my own that is
such a cute little group there's very
talented people
yeah I'm Tom and that's that's all I
have a report I don't have much of this
vlog do I oops oh I should do something
entertain you butts 11:30 and I'm
exhausted
