- oven
good morning I met at the airport we are
flying to San Jose for my uncle's life
celebration it's not a funeral for life
celebration I'm with Killeen and Cory
but I just announced my live show
I'm very dark right now why so dark
what's happening there we go
anyway I just announced that I am very
very nervous I'm doing it Irvine June
4th lap let's ticket link down below
that's where we are coming from me but
yes I'm very nervous
all right I would suppose I leave at
12:30 it is now 1:15 and resold in
therefore something's going on we don't
know what but peasant we're just having
fun
Cory pay attention
going on lifetime extended run by Daka
alright we made a dough they were
waiting for my cousin and aunt pick us
up don't know how pogrom the bees they
have it detects of us well we're
starving I think we're gonna get the
Taco Bell do you know yet you like your
little bit hop it hey you could even
look other guys love me come on man
thank you hello alright so I'm with my
family we arrived in San Jose got some
Taco Bell but now my cousin Amy has a
dog ace and he needs to go to the dog
park it was like yes throw in a dog mark
and there's a Rottweiler here Oh
actually we're not going to dog park
we're at some weird part I don't know
what it is it's like a school lot of
them but anyway there's a bunch of dogs
and I'm in heaven
I'm obsessed like look at that who
doesn't love that in their lives look if
it's fun oh now they're doing it so much
happiness Cory and I are currently in
heaven so peace out
so happy both of them have little thing
do you want that gurus you Jesus just go
way down the actual heaven like how
could you not want this by your side all
the time oh my god you're coming fight
against my mouth you guys no no no honey
laughs all right it's the end of the
night I don't know if I'm gonna vlog it
all tomorrow
I don't need to because this isn't going
out till Sunday I might just spend time
with my family we had a lot of fun
tonight we just hung out I've got a
little more tipsy than others wiser
Diane are you good but we literally just
saying like stupid oldies and Showtime
songs I had a lot of fun and there was a
lot of dogs involved which was great but
yeah good reminder ticket link into my
show oh god I'm doing a show is down
below
