all right trust your mouth in case this
works all right this one working it copy
okay so there's no abuse but sometimes
it says up a little bit
hey let's see if that works all right
clean and Cory you're in this now boy
Saturday Rachel's oh I felt Saturday's
wrong Shh I'm trying um you smell
Saturday Rach crying emoji crying emoji
did you turn they don't have a single
tweet without what it is
oh hi everybody coulombs doing my hair
that was the original title of this live
stream but I had to restart it 16 times
to get it to work how are you all just
you know it does not hold you do
anything with your hair it's like
because it doesn't matter because one
hour it'll be completely back to
straight I have so care yeah mine hair
doesn't hold and it's dirty - I didn't
even wash it and it's not gonna hold but
it's the thought that counts son is done
what if I did I'll get a perm for your
birthday all right all right I'm going
to the hashtag now I'm not a regular
sorry reminding me that anyways
anyway so reminding me that I have to
give you a 6 more minutes today I'm only
giving you a half hour today because I
have to go to my uncle's life
celebration but I'm not gonna have time
later to livestream and I wanted to
livestream and I wasn't doing anything
right now coz coins doing my hand I'm
just sitting here so I thought I'd live
stream and say hello to you guys I will
give you lots more minutes next Saturday
but to this Saturday is not the Saturday
you are so happy I cry good I always
forget that they're so delayed they're
like talking about things that we talked
about the beginning I straight home I
came back oh my god your hair looks
amazing
I know Elena's such the style no it's
not that's just like sleep well your
uncurling it right now I do you want
ringlets don't project yourself on me
I'll fall in a second the second you run
your fingers through it though it's done
you do love a good crunchy girl Cory
we're not even top we're not even like
doing Alaska I usually probably on the
right I don't know I just I'm trying not
to actually have a part anymore I just I
don't know how to do that but you just
make it up
is this how you want is so long short
what do you want like this here here is
this good all right ask : why she's it
followed me : why aren't you following
that person that I forgot their screen
name because I already refresh the page
there you go see I follow people when
I'm like if you make me laugh I
typically follow and it's like you tweet
me a bunch yeah if I seen them if I see
them and I'm like I've seen them before
then I followed you guys see if they're
like super fan like it's like they're
hold Twitter's like Colleen yeah I got
you I got you I got you I don't know how
to do hair at all same why do you think
I'm making going do X
she knows how to do it you're getting
close to my head in it with hot thank
you
I've heard the back of my neck
bad by someone curling my hair before no
it was not you it was a a brighter you
look like a princess when the Ballinger
sisters are your spirit animal both of
us together both blistered together
we're just loud and we talk very valley
girl like like lot of people have
accents I don't know it's kind of a me
yeah you know that our cousin that like
we're here for our cousin and she that's
how she talks and she practically like
was raised with us like she grew up with
us and went through this every summer
and she talks like that
I'm like she was the first person I ever
heard so we made fun of her and it stuck
she was the first person I ever heard
abbreviate words she said before I heard
any like like all that I never heard of
it before until this is like before
Twitter guys like she was like before
Twitter we were alive before Twitter so
she she would like and like who
abbreviate words this is so weird I
remember I'll never create when they
were at gravel crab sauce and she was
like she that language that you could
understand but you couldn't speak it's
like she cut out more certain syllables
or she would play syllables with others
I don't know it was weird I wanted to
I'm in a recorder trying to do it later
but I couldn't speak it but I understood
everything she said but adults couldn't
understand it for some reason
anyway I'll record it and I'll put it in
my blog and both by the way is BF or
boyfriend it she was like 10 she's like
she always had a new book she was like
talk about sound I am so hot that sweat
literally just dripped down my arm I'm
sorry I'm wearing a sweater I thought no
pants would help but it's clearly not
cuz I have a pillow on him now
are you releasing new live show dates no
I only have one scheduled and it is a
test show so it's the same anyone comes
or if they do come if they laugh or if
they if I even like doing it so if I
know one just comes and like the four
people that already bought tickets do
comes and they don't laugh I'm just
gonna but it's a test show so if it goes
well we'll see but if it doesn't then
you won't see me I'm at Karos you're at
Karos they're still Karos that exists
I love a good carrot they do you love
chicken tenders you know all the places
to get chicken tenders the best chicken
tenders are like IHOP or Denny's oh yeah
I don't know where they buy those frozen
ones they're so delicious
no I got I ordered the kids chicken
there's a habit and they were seriously
the dyson dinosaur once I just paid 6
bucks before like Tyson little dinosaurs
3 bucks for a bag of like 200 yes good
cos go pack so that's a cross-stitch so
yeah is that insane none of you can see
it it's a prostitute me in a onesie
that's me in Europe I think and it's
incredible a brittle sis hi Cory you
names a Brill baby RIL men I thought I
was saying her name wrong but then she
told me I'm saying it right I was like
lots of first can you speak gibberish
gibberish should I show a language is
that what amy was speaking no people
don't take Latin Orson no it wasn't big
Latin people like actually spoke it for
like a hot second I'm gonna I'm gonna
make her do it if she still remembers
how she probably members it was like
they took the consonants I don't know
what they did it was so freaking weird I
could never speak right I was exactly
what she was
we read our names please no Whiteface
time just pop up
Stephanie's trying to FaceTime me honey
boo I can't right now
oh no where's my phone no Stephanie cord
you have Stephanie's number yeah well or
she's just tried to accidentally like
audio me you just text her Cory then is
she coming I don't know maybe she was
just calling to say yeah who knows I've
never had face time pop up on my
computer that was weird how do I
convince my mom to buy tickets to your
show be the perfect child
and then get a job and I always said
money as a kid okay between the two of
us know each other's money every morning
I get and then you stop waking me up you
would just take it no because then you
stopped asking and then mom said that if
it was on the washrooms up for grabs one
and then two I recycled cans so the
internet would go to like high schools
and get the camera every day Wow just
saying hey you FaceTime Rachel but she's
live-streaming is everything okay do you
need something you know a lot of the
lines of that making sure it's not a
different um how you just pull the
biggest night out of my head okay fine I
sold a little you don't need to torch um
save I would sell I'd get Halloween
candy and then I'd sell it to
neighborhood kids you know that's true
so that's not a little
yummy mm-hmm any way to make a dime
selling plums on the corner oh we saw
those plums
we had garage sales we sold oranges all
our stuff was for sale no was it back
off you know your hair looks so good
Coleen's so on be poppin you know I
broke up with a guy once we dated for
like ten seconds in high school I broke
up with them don't you I did him for
literally ten seconds but I broke up
with him because his parents let him get
a job and so he didn't have any money
and it was just like I don't know cuz
everyone in high school was like always
searching for a job but he literally
didn't do anything I was like over it by
E so that was that
cooling fave Girl Scout cookie you
literally own them all what's your
favorite I like Samoas and sometimes I'm
into like the peanut butter Tagalongs
Tiger mmm I made dark chocolate chip
cookies the other day good those are
some rice sweet no I got like the dark
chocolate
things they were special semi-sweet is
not I don't really like semi-sweet ones
oh my god yeah Colleen's wearing my
sweatpants that she bought me she looks
like I slipped ball fan right now
Graham's fan you fold it at 60 times
because I'm so tall why no
oh you hate a good tag makes me the most
angry monster give me all of my clothes
have holes where the tags are because
I'm so impatient I won't cut them out
I'm like no that's how I know if she
stole my clothes cuz there's a tag on
them or she's ripped a hole in it when
she's given them back also if you want
to make her Satan you step on the back
of her shoe while she's walking we have
a problem like learn no you don't say
listen you scream you do your vagina
scream I think God was with you I just
know that you've got it to me Estel
Hanani finger yeah okay I got most than
henna off like this is my henna arm but
I've got like one speck on my knuckle
that's just a butthole so it looks like
a weird poop mark on me refresh this
Internet is not fast chuckling to do
cornrows it looks good
should I just do a video going in my
Colina me talking about nothing and
while she gives me cornrows because I
think let's do it can you also give them
because I wanted to be like we don't
have to wash our hair everyday and it
would get like the when you're a kid who
lives at the beach is always in your
face even if you pull it back somehow it
comes out I didn't know how to pull my
hair back like when you're playing the
waves like body surfing your hair just
gets everywhere so really how could make
your hair not get everywhere until we
French braid I'll even tiny braids and
like super tight I'm still setting up
this livestream
uh keep entertaining them on struggle
good entertaining all right we're really
in a live stream for like ten more
minutes cuz we got to get to get I have
to put dress on I just have to get
dressed
I completely forgot your black on your
nose are you going to VidCon Colleen for
sure is I'm still working on it
are you having a meeting I don't know
what I'm doing yet I think I'm doing a
QA and like a performance I don't know I
have a show that we did but then you
have to set it before just remind it's
the whole system but you should do that
oh and for people asking me there is a
meet-and-greet after my show it's an
open meet and greet though so you don't
need the volume anybody doesn't matter
who you are I mean you have to come to
the show you can't just like walk in
after the show and meet me you probably
could you come abaca get away with that
but it's cookies someone gave it to me
on my last tour I think one of the last
shows I had it was clear and I don't
like this one's aqua so I've cut a
purple piece of paper behind are you for
real yeah cuz it's clear you're so extra
I love you and I didn't want it like I
don't like when you can see like the
Apple logo it's like kind of hidden like
oh yeah I got half and way it was like
mine's perfectly mine's like this is the
Apple logo yeah exactly like that so
mine it was like slightly covered notes
like yeah so I just cut a piece of
purple paper I love you that you thought
to do that can you include lean make a
ukulele video together together together
um I'm busy
Rachel are you going to the Vancouver
show
Kaleem am I going to the Vancouver show
do you want to explain something six I'm
six why not
did you just hard that was the most
quiet far the only reason I realized
there's a fart is because you started
giggling afterwards like I thought it
was just like the taper moved
oh I heard it I woke up to it where she
went to bed last night she's like I'm
gonna wake with middle of night and
diarrhea everywhere and then when I
heard her farting in the bathroom when
she came back to bed I was like you were
right I just like I just farted so proud
of herself
I love parts like I think for my cat you
guys know we've never heard Cory fire
fart right never 13 years 13 years never
heard of in front of us but I like we've
both lived with it literally anyone can
fart and I would like died so hard like
I would cry laughing I've never not yeah
but you don't do you're very bad it's
very embarrassing like you don't do it
so like I don't know
: would do it at the dinner table just
to piss off mom remember one mom would
try to have like a nice family dinner
it's a candles and classical music she
did it like once every year she'd go
through a phase where she was like we
need to be a proper family and exactly
once a year she did it once a year she
always she deftly after she'd clean
everything should go on like a crazy
cleaning spree and then when I have a
nice dinner as mother's do one to have
with their children and then clean would
always ruin it by starting to fart and
burp my mom would get so pissed you get
Albert and you giggle away you're the
worst well I can remember favorite part
I've ever had
you remember your favorite part and you
know exactly I remember laughing at a
fart in Taco Bell but that's a
multiplication it was I mean I was like
yo second first time I remember so
embarrassed
yeah I do embarrassed so we're gonna
talk about is and you're really living
in our bathing suits in white it was
wasn't it it was a wet it was okay talk
about is really classy and they have
plastic for an inch or so like the the
benches you sit on that the tables are
plastic and I fried it I was like to
describe it is that they're like was so
loud like the loudest part to ever
happen in America and my parents that's
a bold statement it was so loud and it
was like and the Tuggle's
MD Tiffany employees I remember driving
past that talk about like a few years
ago and you're like that so I I didn't
know that was your favorite part though
I feel honored to be a part of that Wow
oh my god you're laughing and getting to
the story I also enjoyed farts oh man
they're from me when they give I fart
and it smells and no one likes so
Sorelli sparkly you're not alone in that
she's a problem with you when you react
to my smelly farts it's like it's not to
be funny it's like I'm literally dying
because you're doing something in closed
car I'm not you get everyone you so yeah
there's no winning a bigger go she
wasn't really based on you ever invited
Marinka never really bitch never faced
my team should be called Queen laughing
that woman's good this is so accurate
this picture of me just dang laughing
and Rachel and Corey just wanted to kill
themselves that's us
mostly together I love cords little
laughs they're always slightly well you
know I want to clear something up on
this live stream so I went to the
premiere of Beauty and the Beast and my
dress is like a topic of discussion
because people are like how did you get
it to stick to you like how did you get
it so there is a sheer thing
yeah it's there's material all on it it
wasn't I didn't notice any material
either it was like a match like this
sheer mesh so um when everyone was like
what the heck how did how did you keep
that on first of all it was a tight
dress um who's the size like zero super
tight so it was like I can't tell but so
that part of the amount just zoom in on
my dad's butt so you can see the neck
stay back
the neck part of the dress is like
that's how high then yeah looks like
she's kind of working at shakers or
something yeah that's her dress the end
of the dress so it was it was material
the whole way down but like with the
professional pictures they like flash
made it look like there's nothing on me
anyway everyone was like how did you get
your dress to stick like that and stay
not fog cuz it's literally is material
all the way my neck my lungs people are
posting of you look when you're going
crazy I know calm yourself I'm sweating
oh no girls at least have no hope guys
armpits work but girls you know that
like you have like a deodorant that's
the only one that works like I really do
Durant like you still smile or you sweat
more or less so I'm sure Rachel if this
travel deodorant that she brought cuz
it's like a small one but it's like I
put it on I'm literally sweating more
than they ever have my whole life yeah
but it works points about to use it yeah
I'm using this and I chose I feel like
you have to walk around like this until
it dry out I just dance around until it
dries because I play music 1 get ready
and then fly just do this and then it
dries that's fine alright we should end
this because we have to get dressed
yeah all right we love you guys thanks
for watching certainly knows Shirley
Temple okay you did it oh my god my
cousin needs Botox in our armpits oh she
knows I won't do it but it seems very
bad for you anyway that's the end thanks
for watching love you guys sorry a short
post we gots to
Oh finally all right bye
