hello my little children how are you
it's like 5:30 on Thursday I haven't
filmed I haven't vlogged at all today
cuz sometimes I forget but I'm about to
edit my vlog from yesterday cuz I still
haven't put that up I like to later when
I have a main Channel video out oh
that's why you couldn't detect the SD
card it's not the computer anyway um I
got some heartbreaking news today
Matthew is leaving me for a week on
Monday and that's all I have to report I
just decided I should actually start my
blog considering I vlog daily alright
here's the rest of my day
alright so my blogs uploading what do i
do all maths out of town
I need suggestions I want to do
something crazy
appropriate but crazy and fun things
mainly because I'm gonna be bored out of
my mind and I don't do well on my own so
I need to fill my time with a lot of
differences up last time he left me for
a week was like last year and I just
filmed like 60 videos I start a car
screech didn't hear crash though so I
think we're all good anyway yeah I just
worked 24/7 last time he was gone for
this long I thought I think I'm oh wait
we're making spaghetti I have to go to
the grocery store though that's gonna
the grocery store I'm at Whole Foods
it smells like vitamins I'm here
healthy these are the sound I think
these babies are making a totally saw
that from Shane Dawson this video where
he makes the noises he thinks youtubers
they're making in their thumbnails
he was pretty accurate with that video
alright I think I'm done here Matt is
currently making oh I gotta get
spaghetti oh I need it now that I got
what I needed
now it's home for spaghetti and meatball
time and I have a bottle of wine that
I've been wanting to open for like two
months but we don't drink that much
anymore
I think tonight's the night because
spaghetti night all right we made
spaghetti and meatballs and it was
actually very delicious and we opened up
a bottle of wine oh I might she might
eat the purple I got a lot of wine
anyway I'm just on line now updating all
my debit card information because I
finally got to do card the bell but yeah
I just wish all my automatic payments
I'm very self-conscious about my teeth
right now
don't judge me anyway and then I have to
get ready in pack because tomorrow I'm
flying up to Nora cow for my uncle's
life celebration it's not a funeral my
cousin was like don't wear black so
we're not wearing black it's a
celebration of his life and it's time to
be with family yeah so I'm flying to
NorCal tomorrow so right now I'm just uh
you know bond around online when I
should be doing work just the color of
my teeth is it even that big of a deal
do you guys even notice it cuz I drink
my red wine just checking in goodbye
it's 12:30 I my teeth are still I
haven't had wine in like two hours and
my teeth are still this color but it's
12:30 and I was going to pack in the
morning but Matt said that was a bad
idea because I wouldn't wake up and
dived so I have to pack now
I'm feeling a lot of red gray black and
white and about when this happened you
were just like look at your clothes and
you're like wow I'm really into these
three or four colors right huh
apparently that's me right now red black
gray not even white just bread black
gray whoops boom I packed and it was
easier to do at night well Matthew was
awake then in the morning when he's
asleep and I'm trying to tiptoe around
so he was right he was right that I
should pack tonight he won this round
