morning we are leaving for mount high in
about an hour we're just getting packed
up I showered you know doesn't look like
it hmm we're just packing up we're
getting ready to go snowboarding cuz
it's the snowboarding day all right I'm
out hi
we've done one run that snow here is not
fresh and it is definitely man-made and
it's crunchy it sounds like we're going
down gravel but we're gonna have fun
I put the GoPro on my head today don't
worry I will point it out words and not
to my helmet what's I'm writing I didn't
want to hold it so I just strapped it to
myself
all right we're just taking a little
break I look like this
you're welcome it's hot today it's like
45 for you to hear
we're mastering those hills those little
jumps Matt sort of jumped on one I did
not film it but otherwise we're just
kind of like just go yeah I think Matt
will be able to do it soon I will just
cuz my knees won't be allowed me to land
but it's a lot of fun look how pretty it
is
now it's time to get back out there I
redid my braid you're welcome
so the one time I was filming I just had
the gnarliest wipeout I think I've ever
experienced I've kind of pushing myself
harder this run like this trip and I was
going really fast and there was a shadow
and I didn't see this like mound of like
kicked up snow and I caught it and I
like flew in the air I didn't spud
around and land it on the back of my
head thank God I was wearing a helmet
because my I could leave it my brain
felt loose you ever hate yourself really
hard in the head it's like a really
weird feeling in your brain I'm serious
though if I didn't have a helmet on I
would have gotten a concussion or just
got knocked out or woken up in the
hospital who knows it was a really hard
hit like it kind of shook me for a good
hour it didn't stop me I kept going out
and snowboarding but that's it for this
vlog thank you so much for watching
hopefully in the next trip I'll be able
to do leg tricks on those mounds of snow
and it a little cooler who knows well I
love you guys thanks for watching bye
