all right so I'm trying my sleep
schedule or what with 10:00 today
instead well I woke up at 9:45 for my
alarm and then I usually hit the alarm
for 15 minutes well my life would often
dive 45 adults a hour but I just knew
this for 15 minutes every morning can't
stop it I'll never wake up on the first
one is just how in program so I had
snooze and then phone start going off a
few minutes later like what the crap I
hate just news is my bank
someone stole my debit card information
and we're buying things in Salt Lake
City and it was like perks every
purchase of a person is like 10
purchases and the knife Bank was like
I've got a pretty good Bank I like my
bank but anyway so I just do this
morning wasn't that big a deal like
usually like freak out but I was home I
could look at my statement my bank is
really good with customer service
I mean I got no one sent to me in a
couple days I'll have it by Friday I'm
going to be ok
it just was like a little annoying that
someone would do that it's offensive
it's really offensive and I don't use my
debit card for anything but online
purchases so I have to see what I bought
online in a sketchy website weird anyway
so that's my morning that's it I haven't
in brushed my teeth yet
that's disgusting I usually brush my
teeth immediately but I woke up and saw
a text message and a phone call and an
email for my bank nothing well good
I came over to the writers room to have
lunch with Colleen and Christopher no
Colleen I all I got I gotta go to work
right why not time for you okay bye
I brought chicken strawberries and
potato wedges clean ate half a chicken
and then Christopher and I wit got a
bunch of treats the pastry shop at 8,000
said we're healthy we can't get away
from the sugars my friends and I used to
do that to just entertain ourselves I'm
not joking we breed out really heavily
until it turned into a laugh and we
thought it was the funniest thing in the
world anyway it's later in the day huh I
found the Rachel's room and did dinner
with Matthew and then I just did a
lively and so you know what I'm gonna
drill the top contributors this person
and that person and this person and more
people and this person and that person
and all of these people and then there's
more people and these are the people and
you want people that contributed to my
life dream and you did it and I liked it
and I liked you when we did weird things
on a live stream and that's the things
that we did should have been a singer
singer songwriter Derosier
it's late that's midnight I need to go
to bed so I can go snowboarding tomorrow
I'm all about in tomorrow I'm going to
high it sucks there but it's close and
we just want to do a little day trip but
I'm feeling people are Twitter I told
you guys I am at least 20 people every
night and I've kept my end of the
bargain up so I'm falling food again I
need to go sleep I don't think I feel
much today we cannot walk okay well you
don't need to make noise but I asked you
for your opinion no I did not
so she's really do today oh island
reclaim pathways
exciting for me I might add something
the end of this tomorrow because I'll
realize an editing that's not long
enough let's see
oh I'm just killing on a good
you
