oh don't touch you okay I won't touch
you I'm sorry I'm gonna touch you again
okay I post through the vlog angelic huh
then I took my dog on a walk and I met
some my neighbor's they were very very
nice and really all I say about that
they're really really nice I talked to
him for a while they liked to blaze
that's all I care about
I'm currently taking my clothes off cuz
uh I'm going to build things I'm going
to build Stephanie's thing I put jeans
on wearing jeans you'll keep these
Johnson jeans on without change my shirt
anyway I'm building Stephanie's thing
and then I'm gonna start flooring my gym
coz we need to put our gym up in order
to the gym stuff is all placed in the
spare room but we need to put stuff in
the spare room so we got to get the gym
stuff out so if they lay the floors in
the gym to put the gym stuff in the gym
in order to put the stuff in the spare
room and you in there in order for me to
finish cleaning up my office and some
other parts of the house what you're
doing you're pretty dirty I don't think
you're supposed to I better right now
but I'm the one that's inconsistent
about that so I can't blame him for
doing change my bra change clothes time
to work alright let's see if I mess this
up
I cut it two of the like seven pieces I
have to cut all right all the pieces cut
this is the back of it oh this one
anyway so this is the back of it so like
it's just just trust me trust me trying
to trust myself too
now I got a stain it something I've
never done before I've cut a screwed
I've done all I said before it never
stained okay
hey I conditioned the wood supposed to
condition it and then letting it dry I'm
gonna sand a little bit with some 220
sandpaper and wiped off with a clean rag
okay a paper towel and then stain it and
I have to let it dry before I can put
the finishing crap on it and then I'm
gonna put it together tomorrow morning
and then I'm going over to Colleen's for
makeup Christmas where I'm gonna give it
to Stephanie I really hope it turns out
okay she's nice she won't say anything
about if it sucks and then there's this
guy this guy is the most dramatic thing
on the planet when it's hot out what is
it it's only 74 degrees but it's sunny I
took him on a walk and I forgot that
when it's hot or when he's hot he's just
he's done he's done he's like oh I can't
he falls down and he's like I'm not
moving you got it do this for me which
is really nice because he's not out here
trying to lick my wood yep okay
the pieces are drying i stained it don't
get mad at me if that's not how you're
supposed to dry them listen I'm new here
and now I am going to try and start
flooring my gym it's 3:45 I got time
with sunsets
you're like an hour and a half let's do
this so this is how much Oh focus so
this is how much I got done took me back
to our it doesn't look like a lot but
cuts like this take me forever like I
have to do a dual cut whatever who's a
bunch of um nice take me freaking
forever I'm dirty like what just took
him on a little walk I say stroll so he
doesn't get excited so I took him on a
stroll and I hate a little something
before I left for I'm still starving
tell me a little something something
else good morning welcome to makeup
Christmas today going on over claims to
have makeup Christmas oh I bring red
elephant I'll read my office I got stuff
anyway I woke up really late because I
went to bed really really late my dog is
just staring at
I love you anyway so I'm gonna go late
start to the morning but I woke up I did
the dishes everything clean made my
coffee I'm gonna take a shower
finish Stephanie's spice rack take my
dog on a stroll and get ready to go
that's my day what's yours
charlie
No
I try kind of have the look I see you
try what the best okay so I quit I know
I am that blazer at home but boolean
cooked massive Italian dinner and made a
bunch of desserts and everyone and their
mother is here and it's Christmas baby
we're about to attempt white elephant
with 25 people always JoJo's turned a
cartwheel
okay don't cuz that stresses me out how
did she do it baby baby baby baby baby I
put my camera down they started clawing
at it dude
if that lens wasn't already wall they
had me mad at you for putting your
filthy little hands on it there you go
yeah there it is just as dirty as it was
present she brought this was her black
elephant gift and I've given this you to
me because I'm a really good person I
had her steal Trent's lotions for me so
I ended up with some lotion white
elephants over it and now we are going
to watch the kids put on a performance
because it's not a Ballinger event
unless the kids perform for anyone in
the Ballinger your family could performs
what's the consistent performance right
at halftime ended for the Rams game this
is the first time the Rams have been in
the playoffs since what since I've been
born
well the LA Rams and been playoff
almost 30 years so this is the first
time the aliens put on the playoffs
they've been alive and I'm trying to
watch it but also participate in family
matters it's very difficult that too
much going on exactly
Oh kisses so the bellissimo is brought
over their new puppy it's a palm ski
look out tiny you are oh you're so shy
and bashful you are just perfect you are
perfect
yes so perfect my dog he's gonna smell
you you want this toy from Grandma do
you want this toy from Grandma
Kohi I was gonna save it for tomorrow
like when he's hyper and he needs
entertainment but he knew something was
for him he scratched my neck this was
out of love he just got overly excited
you scratched my neck and I give you a
toy bad training on my part yes I know
you have a toy I gave it to you does my
knee need to know about it yeah can't
even hold it you drunk now you're all
hyper maybe you'll sleep in tomorrow
though
