oh right your kill Oh stretchy I just
edited and posted my blog and while I
was editing it I realized I put in too
much vanilla in my cookies Hey
they still tasted good so I don't care
that much I just have to work at it it's
my only thing after films videos I don't
think we're going to Mammoth tomorrow I
want to go to Mammoth smart but I don't
think were going to go because our sleep
schedules gets got so messed up whatever
it was nothing in on me wherever I get
cramps whenever my period I have to take
my doll to make the cramps go away but
my doll has a bunch of caffeine in it I
don't know why and it keeps me up so I
can't fall asleep in seriously every
month my cramps ruin my sleep schedule
and then I slowly get back to a normal
schedule and then the cramps happen
again and it's very annoying but right
now I woke up at noon today I'm very
ashamed of it I'm not proud I feel like
I've wasted the day with winters there's
only so much sunlight I'm going to kid
today and I feel terrible about it I
couldn't fall asleep last night I felt
something like three or four because my
body is just so messed up freaking my
adult anyway that's my complaint but our
schedule is so messed up that we don't
think we could be able to like wake up
and snowboard happily for a full day's
next week oh woe is me
what I did an ab workout yesterday and
there's so sore today very proud of
myself but I'm in so much pain too I'm
filming a video right now or I just
filmed it for my main channel tomorrow
and yeah Ilse yep enough it's the reddit
5050 and in order to do that I had to do
a screen grab like film my computer
using QuickTime Player while I was doing
the video so that I could links up with
each other so what I'm doing and talking
about is at the same time as what's
happening on my screen I've tell me my
screen name basically through my
computer and at the end of it when I
went to press save and quit I press save
and quit and then an unexpected error
happen and the whole screen recording
disappeared
wait did that not save I don't think
that just saved I'm going to kick
something because I did a whole free
recording and the videos pointless
without it
oh I think I might die I started out if
you don't start working soon I'm a Busta
nut screen recording doesn't save so I
have 25 minutes of footage of me talking
about what I'm looking at up in the
computer and you can't see it so I
literally go through and move free like
kind of like fake film the computer all
my reactions are real collect the camera
that was filming me was working just
fine but everything that was going on
the computer is gone so I have to go in
and wreak lik things while doing a new
screen recording and taking forever but
I think the video is funny so I don't
just scrap the video and it was 25
minutes of my life I'll never get back
so I'm not going to disregard it I don't
know it's it's in editing hell if you've
never done editing I don't think you'll
understand the pain of it but yeah it's
super annoying anyway that's what I'm
doing right now and take me a really
long time so I'll get through it I'll
get through it the day feels so weird
it's already dark
I haven't even worked out like it's
weird I hate waking up so late I'm so
mad at myself for it
I don't like force myself to wake up at
9:00 tomorrow and then hopefully it's
eight the next day anyway I'm in the
middle of that inning still taking me a
really long time because frickin
computer source but I'm gonna fold my
laundry oh that is literally all I did
yesterday I left the apartment once go
get dinner I worked all day I did that
video until like 10 p.m. it was just up
it was a Butthead and then of course I
didn't fall asleep again till 2:00 a.m.
my sleep schedule is so messed up
so I was closing this sorry nothing
entertaining happened but sometimes my
life isn't all kicks and giggles kicks
and giggles what though what is that
phrase something in giggles tics for
kicks and giggles it doesn't even make
sense why are we kicking that is the
stupidest phrase I've ever heard in my
life
I'm ending this
love you guys thank you for watching oh
and I should have information about a
live show soonish that's the end okay
well
