hi-ho hi-ho
it's soft or please go which means I'm
sitting in my chair and uploading a
video hi ho hi ho hi ho ho in my bar
right now how are you guys today
how's life okay I keep editing my videos
and I don't know what's going on my skin
but it's flaking like crazy I think it's
because I ran out of my eye cream I was
using eye cream for a really long time
and I'll try putting out all over my
face because I'm an idiot but now I
don't use it anymore because I ran out
my face is getting like bumpy and flaky
I don't know so every time I did a video
I'm like a booger no that's the skin
flakes and I'll make fun of me either
way I don't like Eric anyway I keeping
these Monday and it's Sunday well now
it's Monday for you guys hey the worst
but I'm going to upload this then work
out and then cut up a Christmas tree I
still have my Christmas tree on my
balcony it's the end of February I still
have my Christmas tree let's cut that up
well here's my Christmas tree though on
my patio I saw a really long time ago
I'm going to chop it up
I get it I put the step off that thing
was really annoying I got the plastic
bags and put the stuff in SAP all over
my hand it's going to be a messy project
I make myself solid though it's okay
just like a paper cut crown of bleeding
through
and now I have a pic I did it I got all
the things uh I don't know what's doing
them all right so I'm finally gonna make
those cookies that I talked about
yesterday do I didn't make I'm going to
make him out
focus sometimes with cameras extinct and
I have to turn it on and offer to focus
again I'm not the grocery store I made
cookies cookies or success they're
actually very delicious but we need a
second dinner because we eat a lot and
I'm trying to find some chicken summers
oh my where the stricken thunders are -
ticking buzzer you're not a chicken
pepper you have chickens member without
a chicken killer stuff
found them all right so I sheet maker
cheese just think it's disgusting but
Matt really likes it and he asked me to
pick up a box obviously I'm going to and
I have no idea which one to pick
and he said not the class kind and I'm
like that's the only one I know and so
I'm sitting here like I don't know it's
for the pic and then look it
someone put a coupon for this one on top
of it I think it's a sign I think that's
the one I need to get I think that was
the world helping me
I'll pass on protein shakes that I want
to try I tried this one and I actually
really liked it so I'm going to another
one of those because I'm planning on
playing basketball tomorrow we're going
to try to another one there's this one
from Costco that I love but I my Costco
membership expired and I'm going to go
there anymore so I don't get it and I
don't sell it anywhere so let's see
there's 42 grams of protein that's a lot
of protein do I need that much I'm not
like a bodybuilder she is I got toned
down version I'm not going to get the 42
that just sounds gross kill cliff I
don't think it says kill in it terrible
is your protein live on the protein
section that's just that's straight-up
lying
I ended up getting free Mac and cheeses
I was worried about which one he was and
I know even though he wouldn't say
anything if I got the wrong one because
he doesn't even know which one he was
but I got one that tastes about you and
say anything but I just know in his soul
he'd be a little disappointed and I hate
disappointing people so I rather just
buy three Mac and cheeses and wanted
them to be right and two of them be
wrong then have just no good one how I
brain works I'm gonna play some music
now the drive home and not drive 2.0
you
