hi good morning it's Friday morning I
took my truck and to get an oil change
and I'm just waiting at the grocery
store next to it
got myself a Starbucks some breakfast
but I don't really have any plans today
other than the oil changed in my truck
and ship out those stickers got ship
them out today I signed them I gotta get
rid of them so that's my life I kind of
want to go snowboarding next week so I
should probably what was my word Ã¤j--
I should probably pre films and stuff
all right the trek soil is changed and
now I am heading to the UPS Store to
drop off the stickers the link below
would let you get a sticker signed by me
if you preorder my book or have already
alright thanks
so that package was heaviest 13 pounds I
just care around on the package I'm
gonna head home and edit my blog post it
I gotta work
LA traffic
I'm alright we went and got some food at
a random hour for but that's normal for
us I guess random for the beautiful fan
hour at the grocery store getting the
foods we need food in us that's all
nothing spectacular to report on alright
we're back home
Hannah update focus come on man I've
gotten a lot of it off my hands
there's still some huge spots but I mean
the majority of it is off my hands so
that's nice it's still on my arm I don't
care about the armor I just want it off
my hands
but it's lasted a week this is a week
it's held up so yeah but I wanted to
watch some basketball now because I feel
like basketball is my life now and I'm
okay with that okay
weird story Matt and I decided that we
really want walnut dark chocolate chip
oatmeal cookies so I was like out of the
store and get a stuff we need we need
ODEs and walnuts and chips and we're
good so I get in the car
and a good song goes on and I go into
autopilot and I drove to Colin's house
instead of the grocery store I don't
know how like I just like wanted of her
house I was like wait a second what the
I don't think she was even home I don't
know I just literally like just sped
past it cuz I felt embarrassed I don't
know
sorry now I just want the grocery store
not stuff we need I'm gonna go home I
don't know if I'm gonna make him now we
ate at for week like linner at four and
now we're like we'll be hungry at Ted so
we're gonna go to a boil loco at 9:30 so
I don't it's eight now I don't know what
I'm making these cookies but we're
making them tonight deal with it we
didn't make the cookies I got home we
decided we didn't want to Pollo Loco but
we wanted to have it instead so we drove
to habit and then we're like let's get a
chocolate shake and then we couldn't
make cookies and have a chocolate shake
on the same night
so next vlog I'll go make us some
cookies but that's it for this vlog love
you guys thanks for watching whatever
this is and I'll see you tomorrow bye
I give you the key when the door wasn't
open just admit it
see it gave you faith turned you throw
it in the open can't deny it now I'm
alone and my choice turn a moped tell
