howdy-ho Ranger Joe and it started in
afternoon it's one I filmed my doodle
pen video this morning that's made a
mess I don't want to clean it up but
that day was so much fun not really like
I'm obsessed with this this is amazing I
love these and I want to make more you
know how you doing today same it's later
and now I'm heading to hopefully play
basketball why is it these but throbbing
what's happening be Rebecca pop why are
you like this do we both always throw up
while you're throbbing so much are you
humping my windshield are you enjoying
this oh don't look at me don't look at
me oh we're making eye contact
oh oh don't try and kick your way in
here yeah highway be highway alright no
one's at the park on the basketball
court and I'm playing for a little while
this nice and relaxing except my right
arm is burning because I played for an
hour yesterday and I'm playing about a
half hour now my right arm hurt I should
take a rest tomorrow what we do here
just go back back back back
now I could just show you all the
baskets I made but that wouldn't be
truthful because I'm not that epic
all right I'm trying to finish these
stickers so I'm getting sent housing we
sent out to you guys but my arm hurts
Oakland for Blake positive all its so
far this is so painful I should have
finished these yesterday Dardis
all right so I just little lively I was
bored I was watching the Clippers
Warriors game and the Clippers were up
by 16 and then the Warriors came back
and just started destroying them and I
got angry cause I I'm gonna do a lively
because that makes me happier nobody go
guys see microfiber top contributors
know something Palmer and a Brill
someone else I don't know if I can go
back cuz usually I do it like right
afterwards how do I find the touch how
do I do it I don't know how to do it
must get my heart how do I do it with
the leaderboard how do I find out the
hood you don't know how to do it find
friends know me know I don't know how to
do it I know that a bro and something
Palmer where's Top Contributors a lot of
cool people on there I had a lot of fun
it was a short one but I Google pick me
up I finish though so I know I finished
the 2006 I signed all 2000 of them they
are done they are signed and I'm
shipping them out tomorrow reminder how
you penalize me what the what is yeah
how do I get a car I have to do is
preorder my book I'm using the website
down below and then when you an in you
goes other website that's also down
below and you type in your information
and you upload your receipt a proof of
purchase and then you will get a sticker
signed by me since to your doorstep or
your mailbox no but I don't know why it
isn't sent to your doorstep I guess had
packages this wouldn't be sent in the
mail anyway pre I remember but now I'm
on Twitter following people that were
watching my lively I told them if they
said follow me potato that I follow them
all my gas I also told people to send me
pictures of their puppies for the intros
of these vlogs boop screen track of them
free an adorable puppy I'm scared of
these like gosh these pictures of these
dogs killing me they're adorable
anyway I just wanted to check
tell you things of my I'm starving it's
10:45 I should get food
you
