good Morgan I have nothing planned for
today gobble shoot a Thursday video and
I really I know this is random I really
they're just played basketball and there
is a park like a mile that way has a
basketball hoop and I think if I get
there before three no it'll be there and
I can play I just miss playing sports
man Sun on song I don't want to make it
for two days ever just like no makeup I
don't want you today and you're not
going to make me society come on
but finally I'm going to you know do
something my life sorry put some makeup
on let's do my video tomorrow B these
are the questions we must ponder in our
lives now to set the mood for my shower
hey come on tripod thank you so not
hashtag not ad but hashtag you if you
want to be at you can't be you got to
sting a little bit I'm busy this never
forgive me I all the work
I'm cowardly good golly I think it's
time to show it do it
beautiful baby lectures Dilma where are
you wet well you left all right
I think I'm ready to face the day all
right I gotta edit impose just this vlog
and then I'm going out to lunch don't
know where it's not special just normal
men I'm gonna grab food because I spit
everywhere when I sneeze no it's not
comes out it's all just spit from my
mouth all right I just try basketball I
went to lunch with Matthews and I came
home I was like I need to play
basketball so I went like three but
there were a bunch of dudes playing half
court on one side of the court and on
the other side was me and the
two-year-old girl who was playing with a
soccer ball I'm playing with a flat
basketball and she's playing with an
inflated soccer ball who are a good
match together listen the guys on like a
we need one extra can you play like
navigate a while and they're like it's
all kind of it going two of them knew
what they were doing there the three did
not but one of them was literally
smoking a cigarette the entire time on
the court I'll tend he's like guys I'm
too tired too difficult right out of
your mouth what are you doing
but do you but like you're the know of a
game obviously like I hope you had a lot
of slaughter play for about an hour I
needed that well good think hematoma
regular thing for me because I enjoyed
that very much
alright I'm gonna go home a shower and
then go get a needle for my ball so I've
actually played it cuz I have a pump I
just don't have a needle another grocery
store because we need things for venom
and we are out of water flowing in more
water
myself entertaining I know I'm gonna
fine I finished my shopping so I was
like oh I've got time to spare and I'm
how to find a new protein drink
there's just nothing jilted always like
muscle milk and that tastes like crap
unless they sponsor me that it's
delicious but they don't sponsor me
but hey oh but there's like literally no
protein drinks for shake come on man
come on
so on California they charge you for
bags or grocery stores now like it's ten
cents for a paper bag and I twenty cents
for a plastic big useable bag and a
dollar for like the cloth ones okay so I
bring my own bags is where you're
supposed to do and you bring a bag you
get a discount and you don't have a bag
and you buy one obviously it cost money
so I bring my bags for the discount and
nine out of ten times I puts up my bags
on top of my groceries and the cashier
puts the pulse' bags through and
princess loading up and not at ten times
they forget that I brought my own bag
and try to charge me for my long back
and I hate it I get it like they're
doing that all day long
it's just customer ask a customer ask a
brain just kind of goes on autopilot as
they're scanning stuff but I'm like I
hate having to fight with them for good
20 seconds being like those are my bags
don't charge me for bags give me money
for bringing my own bags it's like a
huge hassle every time it's just
annoying like I'm trying to go by by the
rules I'm trying to bring my own bags
and be like hey I'm helping the
environment I'm reusing my bags and
they're just making it a hassle it's
almost like I just want to buy that
means that way to do it it makes me just
want to buy their bags so I just give up
I will not surrender I bought myself an
apple juice have you ever had an apple
juice it's a best apple juice in the
world I take not at but hey Martin now
is everyone say hi hi this is literally
the best apple juice you'll ever put in
your mouth ever so believe me when I say
that all right so I didn't have a video
idea so I went to Target just to see
what they had I found this pretty dude
alert and I'm actually extremely excited
to try it
I'm sure the video will get zero views
because who wants to watch someone play
with 3d doodler but I'm in do it I want
to
I wish it also hard to talk about
protein drinks earlier I'm going to try
this one it was on clearance
it's a Gatorade chocolate protein shake
probably it tastes like crap I'll try
that tomorrow I'm gonna go play
basketball again tomorrow
I like really enjoy playing basketball
and I'm weirdly better now than I ever
was before and I used to practice used
to be on teams I used to like be a
basketball person and I stopped because
I sucked at it and I'm playing again I'm
like oh I'm good as extinct in threes
like crazy today
never was that formalized so that's nice
all right I'm gonna go have a fill this
thing so I can play basketball in the
morning and I have to worry about a
video in the morning life
