my mattress is here my mattress is here
it's a little long we have to set up the
frame and get rid of this I don't have a
plan for it yet
alright so the bed is setup it's
fantastic I can't wait to go to sleep
tonight I'm gonna sleep I like nine just
so I can lay in the bed but oh why that
was just a shot of my boob but I'm
trying to get rid of my old mattress and
solve like okay be a good person I might
donate it because it's in good condition
because I had like a foamer of foam like
fits thick on top of it and I flipped it
every year you're gonna source it every
six months but it's in really good
condition it's a good mattress though so
I called a Salvation Army and I was like
you try to get rid of matches do you
take them and they're like we don't put
this other store does that great so I
called the other store and they're like
oh we don't it's another store okay all
right circle no stores no no it's
another store okay this is getting
annoying and I called the fourth store
and they were like oh you actually have
to call the donation center and they'll
tell you where to drop it off and win oh
thank you so call the donation center
and she's like oh I only do pickups and
I was like okay I have a truck I don't
need it picked up I also live in a car
apartment complex she goes oh yes really
hard tricity pickups apartment complexes
look great just tell me what store I can
drop it off at ten stores later finally
a store was like oh yeah no it's this
other store and it was like the first
store at calls I don't think they said
that they don't take it she does a lot
of know what to tell you I was like I'm
done it's gonna throw it away and I'm
dumped her she's like okay bye and hung
out I was like get so got it so I called
goodwill and they were like oh we don't
take mattresses gosh darn it
and Matt and I came up with a theory
that they all take mattresses they just
don't want to because they're really
annoying to haul around and so finally I
schedules a pickup for my sister's place
because she lives in a house but that's
in like two three days and so Matt was
like just see if our apartment complex
does something and I'll say okay so I
called out and they were like we'll
check and I'm waiting for them to call
me back but this is real I'm trying to
literally give people in perfectly good
mattress and no one will take it from me
come on I will the hell the normal me so
that's what I'm doing right now
so I spent the last hour trying to get
rid of my old mattress and it's not
working very well I figured like I have
a truck I could drop it off someplace
nope and I wasn't calling other places
like I'll be about 60 bucks and haul it
away I'm like no I'll drop it off
somewhere where can't drop it I was like
oh we don't let drop-offs we only pick
up I'm like good reach isn't I'm just uh
stressed and I still have henna on me
this won't go away all right
the apartment complex can't do anything
so I'm gonna have Salvation Army pick it
up at Colleen's house in the next couple
days this is more hassle than it needed
to be like seriously come on
well I slept great I didn't vlog anymore
because all I could think about was
getting in my bed and sleeping alright
that's it for this vlog um I love you
guys uh I enjoy my new bed Oh a lagrosse
in that I'm say goodbye bye guys thanks
for watching subha
and
