howdy I don't think I've logged at all
today
it's 6:00 almost 6:00 p.m. I woke up
wash my body waxed my stache once the
mall and God lunch and then came back
here clean my bathroom my closet did so
laundry and then randomly watched
wedding crashers in the middle of the
day it isn't that exciting of a day uh I
probably should the blog so I'm gonna
vlog is the video my henna videos
already up on the main trail go watch it
if you haven't already but I want to get
this off of my hand like I don't care
about it on my arm but that's just
ugliest thing that's ever happened so I
read a few things online said olive oil
mixed with salt scrubbed on your pan I
will get it off so let's try that
she was my life
all right that didn't work at all
so she's been bite finger really red so
another Strix that put toothpaste on the
henna let it dry and then rub it off so
let's try that
all right so we're just gonna let that
dry and then we'll wanna take it off
I hate seriously I'm over to tena I
found this boom I filmed the video a few
days ago like almost a week ago it's
still on my body and I shook it off
because it doesn t look cool if it was
cool head up that'd be great
but I'm an idiot did it myself I hope
this video was worth it alright it's
been like an hour
I think it's drying up it's kind of
sticky it's not like dry dry let's just
rub it off nope didn't help at all so I
guess I'm stuck with this crap for the
next like week or two come on I'm all
over it man
you
I'm seriously obsessed with that cat
believe it or not that handshake was
made up on the spot I know it was really
choreographed but it wasn't mine boom
alright that's it for this vlog is just
mainly me trying to get this off of my
hand
is it look cool I'd be okay with it but
it doesn't look cool okay there you guys
tsumo by count recent look another
chance every elephant taking you feel
astonished I condemn right now keep it
quiet wanna keep my baby water
