Oh was that my wish as you could tell
this is the first time I've spoken today
I just needed to get that little squeak
out hi
it's Sunday and I'm finally going to go
to Santa Barbara and have dinner with my
brother Trent the weather tried to stop
us it did it postponed us it doesn't
stop us it postponed us so specially and
I'm driving to Santa Barbara and have
dinner with Trent and my parents and
hang out there for a little bit and come
back so that's my plan so today might
get it done and I'm excited I finish my
puzzle now it's time to put it away all
right I am heading to Santa Barbara
finally it's happening it is happening
the reservation was made I am making my
way to Santa Barbara and trim and my
parents and I are going to have a meal
together a trance favorite restaurant
but it's gorgeous
driving everything is so green I love it
I made it to Santa Barbara there's my
dad happy
hey how old are you
he's 32 he's old yeah pretty old over
ajan favorite restaurant something fishy
and we're going to eat this and watch
them in front of us about that what we
do here just go back back back back but
a watch you eat we'll watch it watch it
me
I am stuck but this is the only place I
know of that has fried green tea ice
cream and it's my favorite dessert ever
so I ordered me in front of my dad and I
will split but I'm stuffed to the brim
but I saved room for that people say
there's a second stomach for dessert and
I believe I ordered the fried ice cream
a million years ago and fold them
Express burn man and they just packed up
with dusters and sing as someone else Oh
ice cream what up green I thought I'm
not small anymore really were sitting
here so long
happy birthday we got one ring don't
talk to me I needed both of these is it
so small that did you enjoy dinner yes
it's good dinner for dinner yeah it was
right enjoys like walk come over here
screams my calls the green tea ice cream
guacamole so that's what he was
anticipating the whole time using it
alright it's sprinkling so I'm going to
put my camera white off slow there's a
fire ambulance
trucks all over the place what's
happening
