good this morning
it is storming today it's a shoe store
the biggest storm California has had in
the last 60 years is starting today
here's some raindrops rain drop drop top
this won't pops up so everyone's
freaking out man never watching an
incident are like some people had to
change their weekend plans because of
the rain they were just freaking out
about everything it was kind of funny
hopefully no mudslides happen that
happens a lot in California in Southern
California when rains good thing I have
a massive truck that's a 4x4 value for
the day I'm supposed to drive to Santa
Barbara today to have dinner with Trent
I'm really hoping this is one spot a
block Conchita in between Ventura and
Santa Barbara that whatever has a
massive storm like this mudslides happen
and it rest on the freeway I'm hoping
that doesn't happen when I'm here or
when I'm in Santa Barbara also just
because that would suck for the people
that live there put away my
inconvenience that would be that would
suck for everyone in law Conchita but
yeah that's my plan go to Santa Barbara
later today it's the rain no Stephanie
all right I just drove to Panera and it
is windy as all the craziness can be um
but because of framing I wanted soup
okay and I know that goes against
everything I believe in but I wanted
some clam chowder if you know me that
might one exception I want - clam
chowder no ripples or a Panera staying
with it
all right I'm uploading my blog right
now lunch was delicious and we went to
the grocery store in pouring rain I'm
kind of nervous to drive to Santa
Barbara I'm like making fun of people
who are scared of the rain anomic i
always scary out there I'll be fine I
made dinner reservations
so guys stick to it not bailing on Trent
I mean it's just a little bit of rain I
can't feel sad my window oh my god I
feel so bad there are car accidents and
mudslides all up and down the 101
northbound to target is Nina Barbara so
I had to cancel
how'd you get blood dried I feel so bad
i rescheduled I'm going Sunday it's not
supposed to rain Sunday so I should be
able to do that I'm going to order some
things online I need to for my snowboard
and my bed just coming Tuesday I did
but on Tuesday and then I have to sound
hard a video that's part two of a three
parter so after film part two I'm going
to do things with this time all right I
just filled part two of my video and I
have to have plastic wrap around my arm
so the next 10 hours so not going to
tell you exactly what I'm doing
so we might figure it out but but I
plastic wrap on my own for 10 hours so
let's see if I can function through life
today shall we what we do here just go
back back back
that big
it is so windy and rainy out there and
ice is so close to me
why is my zoom on didn't put you on zoom
then do that anyway it is super windy
and rainy I was making fun of it earlier
but it's like gotten really bad let's
listen to it I put my shoes on and go on
my balcony
ohmygosh is cold and rainy and windy I
mean I know everyone else has probably
seen worse
but like California you did not see my
hand California is not prepared for this
stuff so when this happens yeah it's
normal for some places but we don't have
good drain systems and the streets just
get flooded and the trees fall down
because they haven't had water in so
long so they're just unhealthy and
everything just kind of goes to crap El
Nino
Oh
I've decided to do a puzzle because I
was very bored and now my tripod is
falling so my alright finally finished
my three-part video I kind of touched on
a time line because I just cuz I just
needed it to be done so it's kind I
might do a video done finally I'm
getting ahead again I was failing for so
long but yeah this is my life update its
operating super hard I've heard about 10
different sirens go past well that sucks
I like ambulances and fire trucks and
stuff at the moment good to see you good
to see you Kalina invited me over to
make her waffles so that's what I'm
doing and I'll make a poached egg you
guys are making Saturday we haven't run
back we can are crispy and now this is
crispy how are you today I got the fudge
I like it with smoke because it's cold
out if you have a little Cotto right
next to your little back okay Rachel
thing means me because making fun of the
amount of whipped cream I put on my leg
I wasn't a good fruit I know it was
anyway but this we like what cream can
you hate on me for it
I've been walking a really long time it
might be a crazy mob thing that's why
she's here
take a break top everything next go stay
with the air
