good morning okay so I went to the knee
doctor today and he gave me more shots
than normal and this is his version of a
band-aid hold on let me just that's a
piece of tape on both knees just be fond
of the band-aids ah he's a funny funny
man all right I'm gonna go home he left
I post my Rachel's room today
all right it's wait later in the day I
had a coffee meeting the new like
manager agent man my windows open and it
is allowed hold on always window
all right anyway I had a coffee meeting
today and then I went over to Colleen's
and hung out it was a lot of fun and
then Gus barked and I left yeah so now
I'm back home and I'm gonna edit
yesterday's vlog because it's late it's
like 6:00 and I haven't posted it yet
yeah so that's my life update I'm making
this the thumbnail to my last block this
is what not caring looks like my vlog
for yesterday was so short and I'm just
embracing it like that's all
there's no I don't mind make any excuse
and I'm not gonna just try and act like
that was the best vlog ever done and I'm
not gonna try and clickbait you all
right it's literally titled I don't have
a title for this because I didn't do
anything in yesterday's vlog I tried be
real with you all especially my vlog
channel yeah I'm an idiot
I love you turds so much you're not
actually turns I did not mean to offend
anyone
it was a compliment turds are the best
part of Monday when a poop anyway my
title is as I just said I don't have a
title for this and that's my love Dale
and you guys are just the shadiest to
its ever
you're either obsessed with the fact
that I did it or you just like wow
there's so much effort Rachel i mode
correct you guys I'm obsessed with you
guys they're all happy like hey there's
a big debate ah yeah so much glibly it's
blade whoa so much words I can't speak
all right I just wanted to be like I
love you guys I see you on Twitter and
it's making me smile
it's like 10 p.m. and I'm heading to the
store or out of water and I really
wasn't Sparkle honor I'm dehydrated geez
look at my freaking lips and my nose is
chapped like crazy so I got a sunburn
when I was in Mammoth you're not healing
I'm like this idiot who thinks oh
because I'm not on the beach or at a
pool I don't get a sunburn oh you can
definitely get a sunburn while
snowboarding and figure out how to use a
seat belt right Joe
I'm weirdly out of it like I lately have
been getting really tight like just
tired 24/7 and my brain doesn't work but
that's normal right up to the store
Sparkle water Sparkle water achieved I
realized this was another short vlog but
oh he shot me three times from hearing
me right here and they hurt my knees
have never hurt the day after and they
are in a lot of pain and I'm in the
joint it's like this tendon thing anyway
closing out this vlog even though it's
just as short as yesterday's but hey
life happens
tomorrow I'm live-streaming and Sunday
will be a big block cuz I'm about to
leave for Santa Barbara which that's not
you don't see that until next vlog all
right I love you guys sure this one
style because nothing happened in this
either okay starting now the vlogs will
be entertaining cuz this is me messing
up in life okay love you guys thanks for
watching
nothing happened my
