how are you morning good afternoon good
evening and good night today's agenda
I'm going in two different girls doors
and then I'll keep up
I took my doggy on a walk and now I'm
going to browse to get some stuff I need
that they don't have Whole Foods but
then after Ross I have to come home
because some of the stuff is frozen and
then I have to go out again to Whole
Foods to get the rest of stuff that I
want and it's extra I know it's like the
most extra thing I've ever done in my
life and then after that I'm gonna go
depo because Stephanie and my cousin
asked me to build her a spice rack for
Christmas that Christmas anymore
Christmas has past but I didn't have
time and she knew I didn't have time to
build it until like now so I'm gonna go
to Home Depot and get the supplies I
need to build her a spice rack and then
I'm gonna attempt to build a spice rack
today actually I think I'm just gonna
stain it today and then I'll build it
tomorrow because I got a stain it yeah
that's that's all I have to say about
that you know I've never stained
something before I also as much as I am
go to with tools and I have taken
woodshop I've got no plans to follow I'm
winging this so let's see how it ends up
you're alright
good morning is the next day it's
Thursday I have it posted a video I
haven't filmed the video it's almost
11:00 so I'm gonna get to it
someone gave me this idea on my when I
was live-streaming I'm gonna follow a
beauty gurus makeup tutorial and see how
close I can get it we all know I'm gonna
fail I mean unless the person is really
good at explaining what to do we didn't
I haven't even chosen what I'm gonna do
yet think I'm gonna do mani or Patrick
Starr I don't know but I'm gonna attempt
it let's see what happens is this a good
angle Matt and I are at dinner I'm gonna
show you what I've been doing all day
when we get home oh you can see tiny
little booger flakes in my nose that's
nice you're welcome yeah I'm gonna put
covers back on all of these but this is
what I've been doing today it does not
look like much and it also looks like a
child's bedroom
this was filled to about here with boxes
you could literally from here that way
was all boxes so I got rid of like okay
okay shake it my booty shake at the end
though my favorite so there's still a
bunch of boxes but I have to build a
shelving unit in my closet to put all
this crap and then I also have to have a
couch to put some stuff under I also
need to do some video idea thanks just
it's a mess in here also some of this
stuff is gonna go in like hall closet
some of it's like not even for my office
it's Christmas decorations but I can't
put that away till I do other things but
anyway that's what I've been doing all
day is cleaning this crap out blaze was
a huge help he was eating things that he
wasn't supposed to getting in my way
tripping me sniffing me pulling things
out of the trash once I put him in the
trash who's a lot of help was good
listen on the toilet and I hate that I
can see myself while I'm on the toilet
is this inappropriate to be filming
myself on the toilet you just can't see
anything
and I'm not making noises this is that
should I not be doing this why is it so
closed on my face
okay zoom did I'm gonna I'm gonna stop
telling what filming myself on the
toilet now my little head so my tiny
Lulu is look at that tail go I love you
if we don't talk about
you don't want to see yourself do your
business in the bathroom I hate when I
can see myself in the mirror it's fine
it's like off to the side cuz I didn't
if you want to look I don't know why you
want to if you want to you can look over
well what is it staring you in the face
it's not pretty guys I mean maybe it's
just me I don't make pretty faces school
toilets this is why I do it well dig
this yeah you a little hyper right now I
caught you being hyper go about your
business you're okay you're not doing
anything wrong
go about it I'll give you that t-shirt
to eat my god dog you just knocked this
over and stressed out you need to calm
down yeah calm down now gonna calm down
now
no boom by the way I'm doing a lego who
sent me this Marcus sent me this a while
ago and I had to do it but I was like
you know what I haven't watched YouTube
videos and a very long time so I'm gonna
sit down and watch some YouTube videos
but I can't just do that I have to just
move my hands so I'm making a Lego a my
dogs running around that crazy person I
should take him on a walk
it's too cold out on I wanna I did it
yay me
you got hyper again so we're gonna go on
a walk yeah do you wanna go on a walk
okay so I may or may not have made an
entire huge thing of guacamole so I can
eat it with four taquitos it's delicious
I was craving guacamole so fast like
three days oh no tomato cilantro lime I
already had garlic and cumin I just
wanted to say how ridiculous I am I
almost dropped my taquitos I would have
cried what is this
cried so okay though we'll all survive
that you know
