good morning it is a day in which today
is the day let's do it it's later I'm at
Colleen's she invited me over to help
her with her live stream or just be with
her in her black I'm not helping
anything
nevermind
so we finished with the live stream and
then I left and then I'm out now decided
we want to use cleans BBQ so we came
back she's not even here oh we made him
barbecue asparagus chicken this is
garlic butter that we made from scratch
that's we didn't like churn the butter
we just roasted garlic and mixed it with
butter
here's a willow do I have butter
on my hand yeah anybody all right we
just packed up and we're leaving before
Cole even got back he'll never know I
was here except for the fact that I
texted her and this video it's not sunny
outside these sunglasses do not need to
go on my face all right I'm home I just
filmed more of a video for Tuesday it's
a three day process or two and a half a
two and a half day process so I have to
wait 24 hours for the thing to set and
then I can film the rest of it tomorrow
meantime I'm gonna watch some YouTube
videos while I sign some more stickers I
am currently editing this vlog and I
realize I have like no footage I am
sorry I just blanked on the whole
vlogging thing not bad huh try not to do
that anymore but it's gonna happen
probably once once a week it's gotta
happen you're gonna get a short little
vlog like this but my publishers watch
my videos and they saw that I was
talking yesterday about how some of the
people's a pre-order sticker thing
wasn't working and they said I'm gonna
read part of the email they want to help
clarify the rules for fans who might be
confused the promotion is open to the US
the UK with Ireland and Canada excluding
Quebec only so those are the places that
it's us UK with Ireland and Canada
excluding Quebec Quebec Quebec that's as
you say but that's how those are who
it's open to it was originally only
gonna be open for the United States
that's like hey don't forget about the
UK in Canada and they said hey okay when
entrants from those countries pre-order
a book they can upload their proof of
purchase receipt screenshot a
confirmation screen etc
to the promotion site and they will be
sent a signed book plate okay sticker
from our office so they will receive
them separate from the book okay so you
don't get the book and the sticker at
the same time you get them separately as
you mentioned this is not a limited
thing we will be happy to print more if
needed so if you're outside those areas
and it wasn't working for you that's why
it's unfortunately not available to you
for you for like legal reasons with
giveaways and stuff I didn't know that
there was things with that but there is
I don't think there's supposed to be an
age restriction it's not limited and
it's not sent with the book it's
separate so I hope that clears some
stuff up again sorry that this vlog is
so short but I love you guys and I'll
have tomorrow's longer and there's a
live stream up Saturday as always and
then Sunday's will be super long because
tomorrow which is Friday for me I am
going to Santa Barbara to have a
birthday dinner with Trent this birthday
was Tuesday but I couldn't go visit him
so I'll visit him tomorrow anyway
that's in W thanks for watching goodbye
you got friend in me you've got a friend
in me when the road
