good morning happy Valentine's Day it's
like 9:30 and I'm going to get a
breakfast movie for Matthew that is my
kitchen ahem we don't really celebrate
Valentine's Day we kind of were like
IHOP this mammoth trip is our
Valentine's Day it was yesterday like
all right cool yeah and then I see go
helmet in the video because I haven't
done that yet
oops mode is obtained natural film I was
in the middle of filming my Tuesday
video today and I heard doorbell rings
and I'd like in the middle of filming
one rule no that is just straight up and
even I'll hear that ding or that just
meet my doorbell hole and it was a okay
will you be my Valentine
Matt hey it was the cutest thing in the
entire world it's just so happy anyway
that's adorable
I got at it though so that was forged
orable matt has disappeared heading in
my video he went out got me lunch we
came back we ate lunch together
no uploading my video and I came out to
be like I'm uploading my video play with
me Nora what truck keys are gone the
monistic user here oh you need the truck
I got a heart-shaped fruit tart I'm
about to eat it I'm happy all right so
let's talk about something I'd asked on
my main channel today so if you have
pre-ordered my book or you're going to
pre-order my book doesn't matter which
but once you have pre-ordered my book
you go to this website which is a link I
will put down below I kind of forget to
put up my main channel video for a
couple hours but then I remembered only
two hours where was in there so there'll
be a link below and if you fill in the
information like your receipt
information you will get a sticker that
I have signed in your book when you get
booked then I sense so I'm signing like
2,000 stickers and I think that we could
get more stickers if you guys exceed the
2,000 I will sign more so it's not a
limited thing but once you've
pre-ordered my book you go to this
website or you can pre-order the book
from the website if you have approved my
book yet you still have the information
and you'll get a signed sticker in your
pre-ordered book
cool cool there was a lot of confusion
on Twitter a lot of confusion sorry
alright regarding the figures someone
tweeted me and asked am I am I
personally signing every single sticker
yes this is a box of the stickers and I
am personally citing all of them I've
only done 200 so I have a thousand 800
more to come
what a watch me sign so happy
Valentine's Day whoa go ahead the wind
blows you cannot know it you know I've
had a few of you made fun of my
signature because it doesn't really
spell Rachael but listen it's an
autograph not exact cursive so deal with
it I had to break out a new sharpie
because those ones are all really dull
alright I just did 200 so that whole
thing was just two hundred sixteen
hundred more to go I have seen people
online say that it's giving them trouble
they can't get to it
I've heard that sometimes people had to
fudge their age to get it I that
shouldn't be a thing I talked about
publishers and it supposed to be open to
anyone who bought a book doesn't matter
what country you're in maybe just typing
it in wrong I don't really know but talk
to other people who have succeeded in
getting it maybe they can help you
because I don't understand it either I'm
- close out this vlog now because I am
dealing just go hang out with my BAE for
the day I love you guys thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
I'm Valentine's Day but that was
yesterday so happy today bye
me
