all right I got a new go Kay if you're
wondering I can only get up this I grow
up so much you can find you for so bad
so just let me be how do we need to go
I'm a mammoth and I'm going to run and
we just got a little breakfast and then
we're going to go back out I'm gonna try
to make this vlog more interesting than
other snowboarding blogs I'm gonna start
by giving that the GoPro because you
bested me and them up what
I'm going really slow but in my brain
I'm going really fast we just do is
matching a little outfit you look like a
blueberry little stick where am I so I'm
really far ahead
Mac good keep up oli oh my spells don't
look
more boring than it feels hello I'm
really cool slow motion
notice people hang it out over there
what are you doing is hanging out look
you seem a shadow
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
ah and snowboarding is me oh come on
turn around there you go and hand off
I'm so proud of myself I mean it's just
so gorgeous here I can't get over do you
see it you see all the gorgeousness oh
that guy's I look so - don't look at him
how bad was it this is lounge's blossom
and time to roll over my stomach because
I can't detector
hey oh I think I'm so cool and then I'm
so cool and oh yeah I'm just sliding on
my butt this happened multiple times
still sliding haven't stopped there we
go yeah come on get your fat butt over
there you go you're fine Oh
fast motion fast motion so you can't see
hello I'm really solid I have one case
you were wondering a syllabus hum okay
this dude in the gray he comes out
shoots out in front of me stop into the
trick and I saw Matt and I are
Daredevils we're off course there is no
one around us as the snow is beautiful
not now is about to snow in a second
that was an eye fault my snowball went
at your legs not your neck all right I'm
very distracted by this adorable dog
pile for the puddle stop splashing in it
we just ate lunch cozy like this I had a
bowl of chili into the cornbread and
then I split the last piece of meat in
our chili oh man
but by the way the GoPro wasn't on and
I'm really sad about it because we were
drinking out of Black Diamond and I
accurately fell and just slid on my
stomach go slowly down like and I was
just laughing I didn't hurt I was just
busting up laughing hilarious oh I got
snow everywhere in my clothing though
it's hot today it's like 40 which isn't
really hot in normal people world but
when you're sober to get all sweaty it's
all sex life okay we are done
snowboarding for the day it was really
hot like I was sweating the whole time I
got up to 45 I think today which is
really hot when there's no boarding but
I had a lot of fun and a networks
getting food and we're gonna head back
trying to spend the night here
we just did one night sheep sheep one
night hotel done they're still steamed
coming up I can see it I can fully see
the scene
it was a lot all right so when Matt took
his shoes off there was just steam
coming off of them and his boot it was
amazing we don't know why it happened I
can feel something really don't do you
believe
