good morning I'm going to manage today
right now I have to go gas up the truck
and then I'm gonna come home and I'm I
go on mammoth that's my life today I'm
very excited about it I made it to my
hotel this hotel nicer the last hotel
okay they handed me free champagne and
then I like by the way after taking the
super specific the champagne they're
like just we had chocolate behind you as
well what I enjoyed about the head chef
at first I much rather had a hot
chocolate than some champagne crazy also
while driving I think about this every
time I have a road trip and I never talk
about it because it's stupid but I'm
going to talk about this time ok I'm not
a farmer so don't get mad at me if I
don't know this that statement so every
time I'm driving the only cows I see I
see a lot cows black house in California
and the cows are always brown or black
those are only color calf and my thing
is I'm angry because every time you see
a cartoon cow or like chick-fil-a cow or
a sponsorship cow it's always white with
black spots right Elena's where do those
exist because I always see Brown town
and black cows I don't even think they
exist in the real life now you're all
going to send me pictures of actual
black and white cows listen I believe
that they actually do exist so my
previous statement one second ago is an
exaggeration but I don't think they're
that common
why are they - spokesperson for the cows
come on people come on all right we wind
our dinner it's pretty good burger so
now we're at a bagel shop getting coffee
and bagels
it's a play-doh we know we don't be
hungry so one thing about traveling you
have your meals but then you can't
snacks because you're on the road you're
in a hotel room you gotta prepare so I
realized as I said in in this vlog that
it is very short so to make it longer
and to entertain you but really just
entertain myself I'm going to tell you
some jokes parallel lines have so much
in common it's the same they'll never
meet that they don't touch the parallel
mat someone stole my Microsoft offices
notes
someone stole my Microsoft Office and
they're going to pay you have my word
towards the ice different so different
they might as well office I just heard
that every 52 seconds someone in London
gets stabbed poor to get is play on
words why do cows wear bells
because their horns don't work wait
seriously do cows wear bells why I read
that joke I don't get it
all right those are all my really lame
jokes I just read on a website I hope
you enjoyed them I'm going to sleep so I
can snowboard morning Larry right bye
