morning so I'm about to have a business
called YouTube contact there I went once
every few months I get an email bang on
your new YouTube contact please let's
have a phone meeting to discuss your
channel and I always ignore it because
it literally happens every month unlike
white people doing just getting fired or
quitting if they're like two months on
YouTube it's like going down over there
like it is in my analytics alright I
should go have a phone call with someone
who's only going to be employed our
YouTube for like two months
ellen:oh I make it my conversation the
YouTube person by the way it's all my
fault there's nothing wrong with YouTube
it's all me a lot um I spilled coffee
all over myself so I took my shirt off
and then I was like now I'm just
shirtless all the post-call so I'm with
and presently than I thought I needed to
vlog on so something to go change my
shirt
hi I'm back okay change my shirt got a
shirt on so anyway yeah I tend to
usually I knew this would happen I was
like the guy was actually pretty legit
he's a cool dude so I feel like I
explained it I don't know did I every
few months I got an email
yeah I did that's a I'm you need a goose
contact so I was like I'm the talk of
this guy because sometimes on YouTube I
want to know what it is even if I don't
get any information at least is another
annoying youtuber being like hi am i
poking the bear so maybe they bear
attacks and then like state it's so sexy
ah sorry call the museum give his
feelings become champion II mean oh cool
that's cool it's good to have a contact
at the place in which I work well
obviously I brought it up he's like yeah
he is he's heard it he has hard it and
he was like it looks like it's because
you added the learning that learning
Sunday video he didn't say it he didn't
know the name of it he said you added a
third video like well I've cut that out
so in a month or two we'll see if that
was the issue he's like okay I don't
think wait how come I keep seeing tweets
and comments saying YouTube unsubscribe
me and basically the main thing he said
was they are lying he not in that he
said in a nicer more polite business
term being like people didn't realize
that they weren't subscribed in the
beginning and that you kept coming up in
their suggested feed and not their
subscription feed and then once you went
away in the
just feed and I think they were
unsubscribed I don't think people like
it
twitter is like were my my soul mates
are at like I know you guys I know a lot
of you by name I know your faces
you guys are awesome you're part of my
life so I try to like be actual friends
with you and like learn about you guys
when I see one of you guys who I know
say YouTube unsubscribe me from your
channel I have a really hard time
believing that you were never actually
subscribed in the first place because
I've seen you for like a year on my
Twitter and I know you and you watch all
my videos I have a really hard time
believing that you were never subscribed
in the first place unless you were lying
to get attention but I give you
attention the hosts think that's it
that's what's happening in my life but
he did say that if that ever does happen
where people get unsubscribed he wants
you guys to tell me take a screenshot of
your youtube username so that I can tell
them because if I give them your channel
name were to happen they can look into
it so that's a thing so if it does
happen to you if you could please let me
know your YouTube username when it
happened
and that would be very nice that because
then he's it's like kruky think the more
people I do that the more proof it is
and then the second actual problem oh so
it's not an actual problem yet and so so
you've basically been caught and there's
so much evidence piling up that you
can't deny it anymore meat I'm not I'm
not lying I'm the guy talk is very very
nice he's doing his job you have to
reject me he was very pleasant never
said anything rude but it's very much
the YouTube go around and I've kind of
made fun of a foreman he laughed but he
kind of like confirmed the eyes doing
YouTube runaround so he is cool just
saying that the whole situation isn't
cool but you guys can help me out by
letting me know when that happens to you
I've been talking to this camera for
five minutes and 40 seconds I need to
put it down I love you it's Friday night
I had no plans nothing I was bored and
cool even texted me I have a present for
you so I'm going over half the fine I
wanted a
that's watching basketball we suck at
weekend we'll just exciting stuff
throughout the week does it look like it
we have my blog my vlog but we have hot
but the weekends literally don't do
anything but I am doing it on Sunday
that's fun you know whatever clean what
else is new so you have you you wanna
pol so I got today yes so this is a box
full of wonderful thing for your
eyebrows and your eyes because when I
rip out my eyebrow on tour which I did
do Benefit Cosmetics tweeted knows like
let some people fix your eyebrows and
they sent me responsible Oh what is that
thirty dollars in fact Burgos Thomas's
whole box is I'm not excited a really
care about your eyebrows so we'll have
to go through the good gang what what
benefit is that if it comes it is your
eyebrows yes so Goss is obsessed with
bags and Cory has made it fashionable
many more
oh yeah what is good okay Cory almost
kill you sorry bro which is it music hey
hey so it's the next day yesterday some
of you found out my uncle passed away
yesterday I'm okay I'm more hurting for
my cousins and my aunt who are awesome
people
my uncle was awesome they're an awesome
family and it sucks it sucks a lot
but I'm okay you all wish my whole
family well on Twitter yesterday which
is very nice if you thank you for that
but just you know I'm okay as the
funerals next week I think
yeah it sucks he was an awesome guy it
was a long time coming so wasn't a
surprise but I mean that doesn't really
make it better but I guess it's the
shock factor is gone he's been in the
hospital for a couple days but yeah
so I'm okay thank you for Ron whose
concern and stuff obviously I'm sad he's
my uncle awesome awesome family I just I
think I'm more concerned for my cousins
in my aunt's than anything else but
that's all I thought I'd give you a
little update because some of you found
out and so I thought I'd just say
something that's all that is weird
that's all I like independence not so
much as an investment no one to tell me
what to do
