good morning
nope it's afternoon good afternoon she's
20 I woke up this morning and filmed a
Valentine's Day video kind of cop out
wasn't really original but I did I
couldn't come up with an idea and round
on Tuesdays let me be man just let me be
I sprout put the camera down because I'm
driving but I'm on the way to go get me
and Matt slowly be a little healthy then
I'm gonna go back and probably at
yesterday's vlog they work dude is so
much time later so many hours later I
got my smoothie okay boy I edited my
vlogs and I just brought on my computer
and in the living room not really doing
anything vlog worthy just kind of like
working and then sometimes from phone
games every once in a while
nothing's long worthy hopefully we
recoup later today which is always fun
when it was it nine News 9's this vlog
is failing me I booked a trip to Miami
so I'm going up Sunday and I made a
dinner plans with Toronto Saturday to
celebrate his birthday birthdays on
Valentine's Day but Saturday's yawns I
mean hey with them let's try and do
something entertaining for you just got
to Colleen's to party and a Katy Perry
like Cory's tweets Cory your favorite I
am famous Katy Perry like that you can
see a lot we need to see this we need
something at home Katy very light Katy
Perry's new song just came out and of
course I was one of the first to listen
to it and I tweeted about it
of course my lyric video was strange and
bizarre and it had a fat obese hamster
in a creepy murder house so I tweeted
about it naturally and of course Katy
Perry liked it because then please
I love Cory I still haven't listened to
it but apparently it's great
Oh could you think of the phone blufor
hello good to see you again all right
I'm back from Coleen's I was only over
there for like an hour we were going to
film something we just didn't but I
finally stole my shirt back from her
this long-sleeve shirt I loved and I
came over and I went over and I went
over the other day and she's wearing it
does a really cute shirt that's mine
she's like my god I just like it I'm
hanging it up so just hold on I hang my
shirt up look good anyway I waited till
it got wash with my stolen back when I
want to walk it all right and it's how
much Mod footage today I guess we did
talk about the Youtube subscriber bugs
that have been going around I'm sure you
guys have seen it every main gamer
pewdiepie philip defranco just a bunch
of people talked about it YouTube just
met there's a lot of people believe that
it's just our fault are the creator's
fault we're trying everything we can I
mean we've been doing this a while
you'll have been doing this for like a
decade I've been doing it four or five
years stuff is something wrong um it's
stressful it's really stressful I don't
know I mean I'm trying trying to fix I
can but it is I I'm a numbers person I
look at my statistics I look at my
analytics and every time I post a video
I get negative amount of subscribers
that day but all the other days I'm plus
a hundred or a thousand subscribers but
the days I post videos I've been like
the negative hundreds so it doesn't make
sense and I think when I post a video
people just automatically get
unsubscribe and I constantly get tweets
from you guys saying like YouTube
unsubscribing your vlog channel or a
clean channel or your channel so I'm not
making it up things happen I hope he
gets fixed soon and that whole thing
happened where it was a bug that YouTube
came out and said okay yes there's a bug
and we're fixing it where it was like if
you unsewn unsubscribes you you lose to
subscribers and there's a channel that
he told people to unsubscribe to him and
he got down to a negative number he got
tons like negative a thousand
subscribers so he owed YouTube without
subscribers like it was a display glitch
but I think people are actually getting
on some
grabbing me you guys are saying it I'm
just rambling I have no solution I have
no endgame here
I have no conclusion no solution I don't
know I'm just complaining about it I
like my life and I want to keep it going
but if no one's watching my videos and I
don't have any subscribers I can't keep
doing this I have to get a different job
anyway that's all I love you guys I need
to do something else before I go to bed
to entertain you I also just want to
read a little bit of my book it's 11
o'clock
we're going to in-and-out does and
obviously we had to take a truck duh
obviously there's a line everybody
outside everybody outside when I pull up
outside all night though everybody I
find everybody want to fly everybody
wanna live that night no want to hear a
joke I heard today and I thought was
hilarious
what heart is that ice cold michelle
pfeiffer
