I don't think I've said good morning to
you yet log good morning it is a day and
the day is today for the things of the
day to be in in the start and the
beginning and then go throughout the end
of the day Matt wires Gracie I was I was
I am still showering my I'm showering
every day but I'm washing my hair every
other day and it was doing really well
and now sir you get like super greasy
again and I don't know why annoying come
on hair get it together
Rob is trying to live in the environment
and protect and serve our lives and the
lives to come and net water and get the
conservation and my hair the pretty as
splint so what if I talk like that all
vlog that just be gibberish it is
gibberish but I think you would all
click off in about four seconds
I have nothing planned today let's do it
though just last to lunch now I'm going
to clean up this beast that was intense
I did it so I ended up cleaning my
entire office I had a bunch of like fan
gifts that I needed to set up I goes
well barista bear and this cool Rachel's
room sign that if you flip over the
other side Wow what pisses me off
so I had to rearrange some stuff and had
a good time but I just ordered pizza
Matt says as my reward for cleaning my
office without being told to because
apparently I'm a child
I actually I won't clean unless someone
tells me to I get pizza tonight so I'm
going to go pick up my pizza and then
hopefully I am going to reclaim later
but hopefully she'll film a video with
me that I've been wanting to film me you
crazy mother
Oh
Hey
I'm at Colleen's and I'm doing a puzzle
with her and Cory that's what's
happening in the video but obviously
videos doesn't need to happen it's not
our jobs or anything puzzles can is
there a job that's actually like a
puzzler I want to do it all so I want a
puzzle with my face on it
how you doing back there Gus how you
doing just chilling by my butt does it
smell like you poop guys and all my
years of puzzling I know this is so
entertaining exactly what you want to
hear and all my years of puzzling I have
never gotten a duplicate piece and look
at this is a duplicate piece what what
what I was so confused by it cuz in my
case Cory's coming to check it out
because he's interested okay that's a
duplicate it's crazy
does that mean exists if the pieces just
gave us an extra one someone doesn't
isn't going to have that piece if that
happened to me I'd sue I would sue the
company if I was missing a piece it was
their fault I'd sue everybody
well there's no way to prove that it's
their fault so like it'll just well I
would find a way because that would give
me some emotional trauma so gosh that's
a piece of poop stuck in this fur so
cool Tina's going to cut it off and Cory
has to wrap them in a blanket so he
doesn't squirm away
where you going out come on no no no no
I'm really helpful right now you walk
away with them oh they're anything
oh right I'm so good Oh
oh he's gonna squirm and die oh this is
why we'll never on a cat you know
there's still a poopsicle right there -
oh sweet palace Oh clean it yeah - nasty
I'm sure it's on the floor you party so
bad that one off is hiding tip amount of
wetness what's on good kill the Booster
Gold alright so I'm back from Killeen
and Mac reminded me that it's waffle
Wednesday so I'm about to make some
waffles 11 p.m.
peanut butter and jelly soul look at
that
hmm yes boom sandwich you don't have
fresh strawberries improvised people a
sandwich let go
