good morning it's Tuesday morning I'm
about to film ISU's day video thought of
the idea late last night I don't even
think it's that funny but I thought it
was hilarious last night so hopefully
when people watch this they're half
asleep like I watch let's do like
smells like kool-aid I got that oatmeal
like a few months ago and never ate it
and I'm out of bowls otherwise I'd have
cereal I'm going to try this is oatmeal
I usually don't even like oatmeal I
don't know why I purchased it just leave
me alone about it asked on my video
close me food uploads at the appropriate
time with mumbos aren't my videos up
getting an okay response from it I think
I'm going to go eat lunch now but I have
to put on pants no one thought normal
pants you don't want to change in the
jeans I seriously love getting emails
provide partment managers and it's the
whole building and their life here are
your monthly reminders please make your
checks payable to blah blah blah please
do not put things in your reserved
parking spot please like basically what
did people mess up on last month let's
read about it I love it I love my
favorite one was do not use store-bought
self oven cleaners we have given you
what you need and if you need more
please cost microbots our oven oh I love
it I get them every month and I just
love giggling seeing what in the world
someone did wrong it's my favorite it's
my favorite it's like when one kid
messes up at school now everyone has to
follow some new rules that's what's
happening here
I love it luckily I'm not sprung
anything that's happened in a newsletter
but I think one day I probably will with
the cracked Twitter with grad Twitter
with the quick what thanks for noticing
I didn't want to notice this I watched
Twitter what's this man
spacebar does that do anything nope only
that's when the internet doesn't work
through you all right Matt and I went
out to dinner we always get really
awkward you go to those places that
aren't tight restaurants but they're not
fast food during between and you have to
leave your trade dirty dishes on the
table but there aren't you waitresses
so awkward we feel bad what help we want
to clean up our mess
anyway we got Froyo and buy I got Pro
you I mean I got a little bit of frozen
yogurt and then a bunch of fruit and got
me on top
my life hey all my topping and some of
the frozen yogurt
where REI and again what's more
snowboard stuff that's keep me warm
smells like a gym in here like a 24 Hour
Fitness if you won't work out and then
shower
another unrealistic body expectation for
women no lower half or head or arms
so I go to REI a lot and I remember
their and sometimes they give you like a
$20 gift card to do it like twice a year
when you purchase stuff and I had two of
them and I forgot that they expired
yesterday and I went in and the guy
honored one of them which was really
nice he didn't have to do that at all
and I thank him for that didn't have to
do that but I'm saying $20 all right I
just sort of workout in a shower and
it's 9:15 and the snowboards are
supposed to be dropped off between 9:00
and 10:00 you know I went I someone came
and pick him up to waxham text yeah that
BER plane is weird in my throat I got a
text morning saying the snow boards will
be there between 9:00 and 10:00 p.m.
which is very late but I mean I'm awake
so I don't care that much but if someone
likes to go to bed at 9:00 will be very
inconvenient
all right I'm filming on my phone
because Matt and I were at the house
it's we're at our apartment and it's 11
p.m. and he was like I'm starving
am i and we're like let's make nachos
because remember we bought stuff to make
nachos I remembered the whole milk and
the cheese were at my sister's because
we took taken it over to the Super Bowl
and then left it there so he was like we
need that in order to make nachos I'll
say I'll run I'll run over coins so I
didn't even put a bra on I'm wearing my
slippers in my pajamas and I ran over
Cleese and he called me he's like
avocados are bad you're getting stopped
at the grocery store so I'm going to go
in the grocery store with my boobs
flapping about and this is not normal
for me I always wore a bra so I'm gonna
go in it's a little exhilarating little
anxious I feel so exposed and vulnerable
see how this goes
on the color of time no one's around so
luckily no one's seeing what they bump
around I got what I needed but I think I
also need some popcorn I know I'm in a
rush and so I'm stopping to vlog and
talk about platforms but shush in my
life we did it we got a grocery store
back if the apartment complex softly in
the apartment then we'll go make some
nachos
