good morning it's Super Bowl Sunday I'm
currently not wearing in a pants but you
can't tell it's herbal Sunday but it's
not I am and I have to film my last
consistent learning Sunday video just a
real quick one
basically I just have to say like hi I'm
not doing these anymore
here's something to learn about if you
still care yeah so that's my day let's
get to it
she would poo it all right I just found
the sunday video and now I'm going to
run over to clean to help or set up real
quick because my family is getting there
before the game and I'm going to come
back here and edit and post the only
thing like a half hour to support video
but that's what my plan is right now all
right so I want to volume I can turn off
so I'm never Cooling's we did up
accidentally matching but it's okay
because we're rooting for the falconer
today but we are at the grocery store we
had already planned our food but we
decided it wasn't enough so we just got
a little extra got like everything
frozen holy are awesome tater tots and
french fries chicken and good luck
aminos megabyte Enzo well good don't
worry about it
all right I came home because I had to
post my flirting sunday video and my
blog and now I am putting my stuff
together and the head back over cleans
for the pond change all right I just got
game on the antenna and also the Apple
TV in case one breaks we can switch over
the other I am prepared and it's almost
kickoff time
all right everyone's inside watching the
game and I'm out making hot dog I'm
hosting I got it I got it do the work
it'll be done soon then I can watch the
game the Atlantic Falcons are queuing a
touchdown
all right at halftime Matt and I are
running to the store to grab a few
things with the game so pretty well
often far ahead I like it what can he do
thing what do rock it out man what are
you singing I like you I love you too
the game is still going on but the
Falcons are winning it
so knock on the wood but yeah I mean
it's exciting but I'm not stressed I
like that
I'm great
dude the game's on yeah the games on no
we're not hurting it off
the game's up oh did you get some hair
in there oh the Patriots won the Falcons
Louis I am sad rag doll but the children
are putting on a miranda show
okay Lady gaga all right we're home I
want total Pro Loco
got a chicken fajita burrito I just put
some musically I'm starting to do that
now miss our baller one and all
I'm here
