hey plates plates please where we going
place where we got a we're going to park
I'm going to the park yeah mom shut up
hey what's up it's Sunday Happy New
Year's Eve
excuse me it's New Years Eve guess what
I'm doing that guess I'm doing tonight
nothing no place I like it I had a bunch
of stuff to get done this morning and I
got it all done and it was just a bunch
of paperwork stuff that I always put off
because it's not fun at all
oh I'm glad that the Lightning you look
very angelic bride as I pervert but yeah
I got a bunch of stuff done today that
needed to get down there just putting
off and baby feels so much better I just
you know do things and do it do
something do it
so it's part time and then I need to
give him a bath when we get back from
the park but I think I'm gonna have to
do it with the hose outside which I've
never done before with him because he's
a spoiled little brat and I always do it
the shower but we only have one working
shower and that's like I'm gonna take it
a shower the same place the dog does and
I said understandable so place is gonna
get a outside hose bath today which I
don't know how he's gonna respond to
it's 72 degrees he'll be fine right
what no hot water ball I don't never
actually make it hottest I was just like
lukewarm so maybe he'll be fine go to
the park
how was a workout get in let get it lit
get in crawl are you excited for the new
year this is our party yep this is it
that's that's it do you like our party
are you having so much fun that our New
Year's Eve party I'm sorry you can go
back to sleep it's over I'm sorry Happy
New Year's Eve its 8:40 and I just
decided that a little bit I'm gonna make
some chocolate chip pancakes because I
can I can eat my mom's eggs my mom's
chicken's eggs cuz those chickens live a
better life than all of us so I don't
feel bad eating their little eggs I
found a pancake recipe that I really
like and I'm gonna make some pancakes
with chocolate chips in them and that's
gonna be our New Year's Eve party bash
that's it
I've been rewatching True Blood and I've
been working on video stuff getting my
life in order again it feels great
it's not the new year's resolution get
your life together
I'm cool from like a week or two it's
like oh yeah
my life has calmed down I can actually
do things again oh yeah this is my party
this is my party party now this is a
party party party party party party
party party party party party party
party
hey actually looks really good delicious
party yeah it's like 1:30 at 12:02 I
realized it was the new year so I mean
Matt please all exchange little like
kisses yeah that's what it was I don't
know where Matt is either asleep or
playing video games
oh here we go bad dude Oh Paul have you
you and we're safe this was ours do you
have anything to say to them please
amazing to say to them let's go away cuz
you're sleeping you're so rude to them
it's a new year on a good attitude for
like at least a week and then you can go
back to your old ways oh yes good night
bye
