heyo it is Saturday at 8:40 a.m.
I'm currently icing this thing on my
chin my body is a very grateful my body
usually doesn't do acne and the only
time it does is it gives me one massive
zit once a month so let me know my
periods about to start
so thanks buddy message received you can
go home now that's not a bad time but
I'm on my way to go get smoothies for me
and Matthew and then I have to go over
to clean house and feed us cups and hang
out with him for couple hours and the
third day okay let's go
drop the phone you are my
I got my juice
warm now it's been a while I think I'm
gonna throw the soy student coffee
instead
yeah I'm just hanging out look up Gus
we're doing nothing I thought I left my
makeup here because I couldn't find it
in my apartment and my makeup is not
here so I have no idea where my makeup
is and I need to cover this before I do
my livestream today
now don't attack my stress
me a nice man there yeah he's got poop
on him but I don't want to clean them so
you guys say poopy for two days and tell
mommy and grandma at home okay okay
earlier he was literally just rolling
around on the floor he wasn't playing
with the toy I wasn't talking to him he
literally just laying on the floor
tossing and turning on his back and it
was my favorite thing ever this Punk
just drew blood from my hand
I was sitting doing your thing and he
attacked like a little brat now so
playlist you don't get to play with my
stress I yelled at him and he pounded
for a good five minutes and I was hiding
under the coffee table no biting no
biting I did it I put makeup on my face
I married just started luckily I had
tampons with me but I don't work the
leans model is latexes Matt he's
bringing me over some Idol and we're
probably going to barbecue for lunch cat
is upstairs eating's I know who's
actually planning his next attack
i'ma watch out for I'm fighting back
that's it
I'm fighting back next time oh my savior
brought me my other Savior about to feel
human again
I have not logged in so long so that
footage of gus-gus was Saturday and it
is now Friday so Thursday I don't know
my days of the week this happens when
you don't have a normal 9 to 5 job that
was Saturday bitch is Thursday I'm
picking up my vlog camera again and
starting off for a left off I have to
edit my Thursday's video outside woke up
you know normal times like I've got
anything to do this more than nice play
little best feed a little candy crush
hashtag not add then went and cruised
around on the internet and then it's now
11:50 and I was like oh I haven't edited
my race before it's okay it's not like
anyone go on without anyway I got bored
during editing because I'm a child with
a DD time on Instagram story I said
let's have an awkward smile contest
tweet me and I've been doing awkward
smiles and there is one person who is
constantly tweeting me their awkward
smiles this you
I'm dying hold on so it's telling me on
another page just picture after picture
after picture just they don't stop and
it's my favorite thing ever
little bit of Slovak anyway I brought
you my daddy like I'm out at dinner and
I'm very bored meditating wrestle with
snapchat and Instagram story and Twitter
that's it in next week so we're not
talking to the phone our phone
don't talk summer house are also
certified just hangry happen okay dinner
was good and I tweeted that Oh doesn't
matter what I sweeted cuz Colleen has a
fat little pussy come down sign up :
Louise please have a fat little pussy a
lot let's see it beautiful what are our
tweeted us the neighborhood was scary
because all of the street lights on my I
gave Matt a haircut and accidentally cut
my hand earlier all of the street lights
were out and so I tell you about it and
kollene solution was come over and do a
puzzle so I'm over here doing a puzzle
haha that's my day hey guys so for close
out this vlog I want to have a
conversation I've been looking at
YouTube and my life and my content and
my numbers and my passions in life and I
think I'm going to stop doing learning
Sundays consistently every Sunday I
think I'm just going to do it when I
feel the need and the desire to teach
you guys something is right now I'm just
every week I'm struggling to come up
with something and then I feel like it's
not the best it could be because there's
no like passion behind it so I think I'm
going to stop doing learning Sundays but
to kind of make up for that I think I'm
going to start daily vlogging I don't
know how long it will last but I'm going
to truly try to daily vlog so I think
that's what I do I'm going to stop doing
learning Sundays I will do them when I
feel the strong desire to teach you guys
something like when I decide to do a
learning Sunday it'll be because either
I'm all into it I just think that I'm
not
doing my best and so I'm going to take a
step back from it and so I'll still do
Tuesday and Thursday videos on my
channel but then I'm going to be daily
vlogging on this channel and I am sure I
think I've thought about it I've tossed
it around and I think I'm going to try
and do a live show starting to anything
like my sister's that's big is massive I
think though I'm going to contact my
agent and see if I can just do a couple
big cities just get the feel of it I
don't know how much I'm going to like it
I know I love doing the meet-and-greet
afterwards but I think I'm just going to
try it there's no harm in trying
right there's like why not that's what
I'm finally getting like why not why not
because I go to clean shows I have so
much fun meeting you guys I do like
being on stage if there's not going to
be a song advance to it it's going to be
just me I stopped to figure it out Clint
talked to me about it for like a half
hour today okay when she came up with
brilliant ideas and she was making me
laugh
okay stop them so hopefully I can take
that and put it into like a full on our
show but I don't know these are things
I'm just tossing around right now but
I'm pretty sure I'm going to cut
learning Sundays and just not cut them
completely I will do them when I have
the desire to do them but I'm not going
to do them every single Sunday anymore
I've been doing them for a couple months
now three or four months and I feel like
I've taught you guys a lot of stuff I
feel bad I feel like I failed because I
wanted to do them every Sunday but I
feel like they are failing if I continue
to do them every Sunday yes yes okay
welcome to daily vlogging and that's it
all right I just wanted to say that oh
and if you guys didn't know I have a new
merch design up on my red shirt account
it'll put links for my merch stores down
below it's just this little guy little
thumbs up because he shows thumbs ups
most me all right that's all I love you
guys thanks for watching this sorry this
last few minutes is awkward me word
vomit businesses I was thinking about it
I was going to tell you guys and that's
it and I'll let you know about live
shows I know I literally haven't even
talked to anyone about it yet except my
sister it's just like a little bubble
I've been thinking about again just
thought I'd blurt it out to you
seriously just want to go to like one or
two cities feel it out if I feel like
it's not my god I won't go back out and
I fall in love with it I may continue we
know is why not fry right okay I'm
getting my hair trim tomorrow this beast
needs it I think I want to start taking
better care of my hair or like doing
stuff with it you know people okay I
need to close this out I love you guys
ISU's more budge
you
