heyo I cuties let me tweet this out so
you guys can come hang out with me maybe
half a second the internet might be a
little shoddy because I'm not in my
house and my house has the best internet
your other houses don't we live now on
my blog channel f tag Saturdays
Rachel's 470 you guys are here how's it
going everybody let me plug in my phone
because it's about to die I'm
babysitting Gus Gus Gus come on come
here big good kitty Gus is what did you
just sneeze on me ridiculous
I was about to block your view from
yourself and you move so you could see
yourself are you gonna attack yourself
are you gonna get it I swear if you
break my computer I can't really do
anything cuz you're a cat I can't shoot
okay he'll just sit next to it that's
good
ah hey guys sorry I missed last
Saturday's at Rachel's did I didn't look
before that I can't remember let's get
on Twitter to see if this is actually
working or not
you guys might be yelling at me who
knows
mmm I'm not at home are you kidding me
okay what's the hashtag Saturdays at
Rachel's that's the hashtag when it's on
Saturdays all tweets all right Matt that
hashtag and it seems to be working
has your hand healed from Gus gussets
rampage
yeah so today if you follow my snapchat
which is at miss our baller you'll know
that uh Gus attacked my hand today just
he was playing with my arm
he kind of nibbles on my arm and then I
kind of moved a little bit and he just
attacked it's a crap out of my arm and I
yelled at him and then he pouted for a
good like 20 minutes and then hid from
me but now our friends again but he
looks like he's about to attack me again
no attacking don't attack me did you
develop any way see good kitty you're a
good little kitty
all right don't exactly my favorite is
when him and Matt hang out Matt was just
here in the barbecue didn't had food but
Matt's highly allergic to cats so he
can't touch Gus and I think Gus knows
that so he likes to bug Matt like crazy
and that like likes Gus he doesn't hate
cats but you can't touch them so when
Gus gets close to him that has to
actually run away and it's my favorite
you know he's allergic to you huh you
like to piss him off yeah like to try to
attack when he has food all right you're
cute soccer mom hat Thanks you know how
cooling start the whole soccer mom thing
yeah she bought me this hat that's where
I got the status Colleen and I didn't
wash my hair today so I thought I'd wear
a hat where's Colleen on tour I think
she's performing in Birmingham Alabama
tonight uh yeah I think so I think
that's what's happening yes Nikki D
your mom is cute yes my mother is very
cute I don't know what you're referring
to but she is adorable
how is barbecue well Lex is distressed
never barbecues delicious what we we
were gonna barbecue burgers and then we
were like hmm
let's barbecue burgers for dinner and
instead of made turkey sandwiches but we
barbecued the bread and the cheese onto
the bread and then made a turkey
sandwich from there so we steadily did
still barbecue but we're saving the main
barbecue for later tonight you don't get
any burgers you wanted that turkey
though oh yeah you wanted it all right
what do you guys want to talk about I
don't have a Learning Sunday video for
tomorrow at all I don't even have an
idea good do you guys have any ideas
what do you wanna learn about tomorrow
Anna says what are you doing today yes I
don't have any plans at the film a
learning Sunday video as I said um but
other than that no plans gosh what do
you wanna do today gust of her gust
apart he hates me I want some of your
mom's cookie dough well Laura you can't
have any but I'd have more in the fridge
that I'm going to eat yesterday okay
yesterday I posted that from my snapchat
that I was eating cookie dough that my
mother gave me people were tweeting at
me don't you know how bad that is for
you oh wait it's cookie dough not a
vegetable not bad totally thought it was
healthy obviously I know it's not good
for me I know most of the food I eat
isn't good for me I know pizzas not good
for me I know lots of things are not
good and I know lots of things are
healthy like this morning I had a
smoothie for breakfast a healthy
smoothie cuz I know that was good for me
I am aware of what's good and what's bad
you don't have to tell me and why do you
care what I'm consuming if I don't care
why'd you I'm a healthy person if
everyone's wrong I want to eat some
cookie dough I'm gonna have some cookie
dough you know it's none of your concern
Timmy says we want Matthew sorry he just
went home how many times is Gus bitten
you more than I can count
when is the baby due
Jessica's baby in May I don't know the
exact date but it didn't make when do
you think you'll have book tour dates
not trying to be annoying
listen Stephie I don't know I don't know
you're not being annoying you guys want
to know just as badly as I want to know
because they won't give me any
information because they don't have the
information I keep asking I hear nothing
back or they change the subject or
something I don't know
I know nothing I don't know how to get
them I don't know anything about it I
just know that it will eventually in my
lifetime happen and trust me once I know
I will let you guys know what do you
film and edit with a lava you um i film
with either my Tim cannon is it a second
TV you like that or my vlog II um and I
edit with Final Cut Pro yeah that's what
I do you fake your hat has a dog and
you're sitting for a cat how is that
safe my go-to animal is a dog I am the
house I'm cat-sitting it's not fake I
can't love multiple animals Internet are
you going to come to Vancouver when
haters back off is film probably I want
to I will it's not even probably I will
eventually make my way up there well the
filming is happening Emily wants to know
how for Learning Sunday how a dishwasher
works I can do that I feel like only a
handful of you would actually watch that
but if you guys need to know how a
dishwasher works I guess I can help I
learned how to use one about a year ago
I grew up with no dishwasher I didn't
have one in college I didn't have one in
my in two apartments after college and I
finally just got one in this apartment
and that had to show me how it works I
was like I don't get it
I don't know how this happens those guys
hate you now no I think he's fine with
me
he hates me though gus-gus tougher guess
what still in low whistle nope he does
not he's not a dog this is why I love
dogs you say a dog's name that turns
around immediately yeah I'm talking crap
about you cleaning yourself you cleans
all the parts that aren't dirty
he's got poop all over him I'm the worst
cats that are in the world he's sitting
on a white couch be fun oh oh oh he's
going you clean that up nobody stops I
know you didn't get it off
you did that one swipe and then realize
there was poop on your toilet paper
anyway Nick don't have the energy wipe
again you're disgusting
why do you pause Gus Gus twofer I have
no idea I don't think anyone calls
it's very rare people actually say Gus
Gus like which is his name oh did you
finally turn around for the words Gus
Gus what did you want them to get a
better shot of what you're doing um I
don't know Cory calls on pussy-willow I
call him Gus tipper
I don't everyone calls him something
different learn all your names I think
you found like ten different names poke
us in the nostril no I don't want to get
bit again you should do how to wash a
cat for learning Sunday no I don't want
to get clawed at
also I don't want him to hate me further
Oh finally fell asleep you cleaned
himself to sleep I know you're faking it
I can see your ear twitch you're fully
awake just putting on a show for you you
missed poop it is right there
you clean all of the other spots itself
no here it's right here down here buddy
did that poop he's an idiot to use about
American football since Super Bowl is
coming up I guess I could I might you
guys should know the rules for the Super
Bowl right who are you all rooting for
what is it the Falcons versus the
Patriots I don't want to get them to win
but according to my predictions the
Patriots will lose so that's all you
remember guys use hashtag Saturdays at
Rachel's okay let's refresh do you do -
don't don't
do-do-do-do-do-do
how are you guys doing don't have why's
life saturdays and Rachel's what should
we talk about I mean just why can't I
spell Saturdays at Rachel's why isn't is
working as my hashtag won't show me
anything
Saturday's up which I spoke sit right
there it is my phone wasn't working
Jenna says I'm rooting for whoever wins
that is you that is lame that is so not
right
Copenhagen needs you why does Copenhagen
need me thank you fine
you keep glitching and I'm laughing so
hard
don't make fun of my glitching it's not
my fault it's the Internet I'm on not my
Internet
teachers have discipline a cat Sophia I
have no idea how he does whatever he
wants whenever he wants to now he's
pretending to sleep again I know you you
are fully awake I'm sick pray for me
all right grace I hope you feel better
teach us the basics of not failing at
makeup do you think I know how to do
that
what do PB&J call Matt are they stolen
that that's all that's nothing special
teachers had a whistle how can you teach
people how to whistle
I have always wanted to do this that
whistle had no idea how and people who
know how to do it have tried to teach
before and I can't figure out like you
just probably tell them did you not like
what yeah pretend to be asleep again I
don't get how to do it the people that
can do it amazing what kind of dogs do
you want I want you just said dog you
forgot the assets on the end of dogs
just so you know I'm getting a
Rottweiler
and I want a pitbull and then I'm also
into boxers lately I've been obsessed
with all with our yellow labs they're
very pretty but yeah those are the dogs
on my radar someone keeps asking me
about what lipstick and lip gloss I'm
wearing are you making fun of me because
I keep licking my lips because I'm I put
lipstick on this morning but I've
definitely eaten it off since then so
are you making fun of my lips I can't
tell learning Sunday how to fix a
leaking roof everyone in California's
roofs are leaking because we haven't had
rain in 12 years and so all of the roofs
of
like dried up and withered away no one
realized it until it started pouring
rain I think my parents house and my
apartment are the only places that don't
have a leaking roof that I know so if I
knew how to fix it I'd be fixing
everyone's houses right now but I don't
know how to do that did it fit them all
right let's refresh this business I
still have two more exams
wait it's not exam time visit like it's
not is it midterms are people doing
midterms what do people doing right now
I don't know school Tiffany says what
about a husky Huskies are gorgeous I
don't want a dog with long hair they're
the grooming is more of a hassle and
their hair is everywhere and I feel bad
for what it's like 100 degrees out I've
got honesty like that would ya a rather
short hair dog Oh someone fish sent me a
picture of their yellow lab Judy did you
just correct someone's typo who are you
it was a joke correction because they
said what kind of dog do you like and
I'm what the head of dog are you
interested in getting or whatever I
don't mean joke that I'm not gonna stop
at one dog so you had fun as funny in
the dogs it wasn't an actual correction
their sentence was complete exactly how
they wanted to say it I was just being
an idiot and wanted multiple dogs so I
wasn't actually correcting anyone's typo
no one made a typo or they probably
didn't I just don't even notice it a lot
of you guys tweet me and then you'll
tweet me again you're like oh my god
this made a huge typo please don't make
fun of me or please don't judge me I'm
like I didn't even know this it I don't
care
will you ever try to ski no I'm gonna
stick to snowboarding it's hard enough
to figure out of snowboard I don't have
to switch my nose is peeling by the way
these aren't little boogers my nose has
been peeling every time I go to the snow
I come back with a flake he knows I've
been flaking it off all day but it just
keeps flaking so I don't think I have
boogers they're flakes I got some edges
questions are ridiculous who's your
favorite sibling why would you ask that
and why would anyone ever answer that
that's just stupid
you're not stupid sorry people who would
answer that are not the smartest teach
us how to get pregnant this is me trying
to get you to have a baby
Jonathan you don't want me to have a
baby right now I don't have the patience
I need a dog first I need the dog I need
the dog that's beer dogs sorry
Oh typo there should be an S on the end
of that
why don't you reply to comments on
YouTube uh because YouTube is a place of
evil comments I know there's a lot of
happy comments out there but there
sometimes people say very mean things on
the Internet and it's mainly on YouTube
it's spreading over to Twitter now um
sometimes I look at my comments but I'll
scroll through like ten and then see one
that's like I hate you you suck go die
and I'm like oh thank you so much bye
and I have to click out before I get
into a tunnel of hate um but yeah so I
don't really respond to them that often
I have to present a five minute speech
on Monday on Obama's best achievements
I'm stressed don't be stressed you just
look up as best achievements and then
say those to the people and then she
take you about five minutes
ooh a silver lab that's adorable
should I get a silver lab I was thinking
yellow but Silver's quite gorgeous as
well I'm gonna have so many dogs that
says I'm not allowed to have a bunch of
dogs because eventually they'll die and
they'll get sad and be depressed for a
week and the more dogs I have the more
depression I'll have he doesn't want to
happen I have like ten dog that's ten
weeks of depression I'll eventually go
through it he's like that's too much
you've had two dogs tops like years
silly silly little man
everyone's now just sending me pictures
of dogs you guys know me well but prefer
what perfume do you wear I stop wearing
perfume I used to wear the mary-kate and
Ashley coast-to-coast and then I
switched to some Britney Spears one and
then I was wearing teased by Victoria's
Secret and I do wear that but like
before meet-and-greets if I've had a
long day and I'm like maybe I don't
smell fresh i spritz that on me but
usually just done just don't put
anything on anymore
I have I wash my body with soap and then
shampoo and conditioner my hair and then
my clothes always smell good so I feel
like I have a good blend of good
smelling things and deodorant and lotion
that I don't feel the need to put on
perfume no Hanna says teach us how to be
Rachel Ballinger plus what's your
snapchat use this for a promo my
snapchat is miss our baller
um how to teach that be Rachel Bowser I
don't know I don't even know what makes
me me I don't I'm a pretty self-aware
human being but I just be loud love dogs
mm-hmm that's that I don't know what
makes me me what are you doing for
Valentine's Day probably nothing oh I
told Matt that I want a fruit tart I was
like I want a fruit tart that's like no
you can't have an entire fruit tart
because it was like it's big
you're not gonna get freaked I was like
okay all I want for Valentine's Day is a
fruit tart
we don't have to do anything for
Valentine's Day I just want a free tart
and he said I was crazy I don't I think
I'm probably getting a free tart like if
I don't that's pretty neat cuz that's a
pretty simple request all I want is a
fruit tart honestly I think I'm gonna
get a new bed
I want a California king I have a queen
right now and it's like an old mattress
from I think I got it when I was 17 so
it's eight years old now it's up wait
your logo with that yeah it's eight
years old I think it's time for a new
mattress you're supposed to get a new
one every seven years is that a thing
right that's what I read I thought I'd
upgrade do you know if you're coming to
VidCon I'm supposed to be I don't have
any set plans again that's on my
publishers and so I have no idea but I'm
supposed to be coming to VidCon so let's
do like a book signing thing there or
meet-and-greet convince Matt to get all
the social medias even if he had that
you think he'd posts anything he doesn't
like putting his face out there are you
still friends with your other friend
Rachel yes I am but she is across the
world doing stuff and so we're not in
the same country so it's hard to hang
out
when's the last time you went to an
actual hairdresser July is that right
July yeah so I what color would you be
if you were a color but I don't
understand what does that mean I don't
understand your question like what color
is my aura is that what we're asking I
have no idea are there tests for that
let's see what color my aura is what
color is my aura let's find out what
color my aura is we're loading we're
loading well the energy around me let's
find out let's play should I do this for
a video now
oh this how many questions is this eight
questions oh no I don't want to do this
life we could do that for a video you
guys like those videos when you when we
take quizzes we I mean me and youtubers
or just me let's just talk about me turn
I take quizzes to find things out are
those videos entertaining to you guys
someone says where is your hat from I
know Colleen got it for me for Christmas
I should be doing homework but instead
of marching this Mady go do your
homework
it is Saturday don't do your homework
it's Saturday if it were Sunday I'd yell
at you some more but it's Saturday you
don't need to do your homework do it
tomorrow
Nicholas people are studying and doing
homework your bestest overachievers
which isn't a bad thing but sometimes
you need to breathe a little Saturday is
the breathing day
how do you respond to me in the comments
if at all I usually don't people that
are commenting mean things usually are
just trying to get attention and so and
then just trying to aggravate me so I
don't really respond to them house if
you respond to them people who want you
to talk to them and don't care for what
means will be like oh she responds to
negative things and then starts being
negative so that they can get attention
too it's a whole thing so best thing is
just to ignore it I think let him get
over it
would you ever get a cat
no don't be offended oh you might
actually be asleep
are you actually asleep this time I
don't like litter boxes I can take a dog
out and have it poop on a lot and I'll
pick up that poop but I hate litter
boxes so much they disgust me and so I
don't think I could ever get a cat
my parents eventually trained the cats
that they have at their house to poop
outside one cat used the toilet but I
don't think I want to go through that
effort I'm sorry Gus but you will not
get a cousin from me but yeah I don't
think I could ever get a cat I like dogs
what would you be doing career-wise if
you weren't on YouTube I'd be a cop that
was the plan and then YouTube took over
so officer Rachel there you go
corgis are awesome yes amanda corgis are
awesome but they are long-haired but I
love how short their little legs are I
was doing a dog puzzle and I could pick
up a piece and see an eyeball and know
what breed dog it was I was like oh this
is the corgis I where's the Corgi on the
box that's worth like I could tell every
single breed from like their nose or
their eye or their tail doing the puzzle
I have an addiction to dogs
Tiffany says does not have any social
media you'll never know Google or Yahoo
Google is Yahoo still a thing is it even
trying anymore what was it Oh is Firefox
I use Firefox for a little bit alright
login it be like donate to keep Firefox
alive giving you money did I did i
disturb you you disturbed this guy you
use Yahoo I saw you flinch you're faking
it my stomach is trying to talk to me
help it's so loud of annoying
well it's trying to tell you something
listen and converse back yes you need to
stop clicking glitching touching
flinching you're distracting me can you
teach us how to speak in public it's not
it's like just something you have to do
multiple times and then you finally get
used to it there's I took a public
speaking class in college and it sucked
I did so bad in that and now I can get
on the stage in front of thousands of
people and have zero nerves but that
class was terrible it's just something
you have to get used to that's all it is
it sucks at the beginning and then you
just get over it that's that's all all
the advice I have eventually you'll get
over it
what kind of phone do you have I have an
iPhone 6
not even a success people just the six
guys what should I do with my hair I
know I need to get it cut because it's
this long what should I do with it I've
never dyed it before should I attempt to
dye it what I don't even know what I
would do with it what would I die it I
don't know what should I do
honey this is what I look like as a
child
Gus will you cut my hair will you give
me a haircut that's the part that's the
part he's such a brat
oh morbid question which Olson's when do
you think is going to pass away first I
don't know and I don't want to answer
that that's obvious that's a sad day
when one of them passes away are you
daily vlogging it's not daily but I'm
trying to get a few bugs out of Ruby
clogging today but I don't it's not
daily at all I would say it's daily I'm
trying to get at least three videos up a
week I think I failed last week but I'm
trying trying Hebrew says please don't
someone sit be a picture of a cat it's
like don't hate me because I say you a
picture of a cat listen I don't hate
cats
clearly I'm fine the cat I just rather
dog I don't want to own a cat because
litter boxes suck don't that his is an
automatic one and he freaks out every
time it cleans itself what was the worst
phase in your life high school yep high
school high school you are so filled
with different kinds of emotions and
Britney Spears put it best you're not a
girl not yet a woman you just stuck in
this middle ground where you're starting
to feel like an adult no one will treat
like one and you have to do school and
you try to figure out your life and you
realize in who you like and you're like
I don't what date what do I do
what's flirty am I allowed to show the
boobs that I'm trying to grow what's
happening all of these things Oh
high school is a you don't get the
benefits of being an adult but you're
not it's not really given the workload
of an adult and uh school like school
word wiser but you're given as much work
as an adult does and then you're usually
near later years of high school told to
get a job and you're like well great so
let me bounce school and a job and
emotions and trying to have a social
life and it's just not fun and yeah it's
not fun looking back I was so emotional
just so emotional and so many emotions I
was a happy kid I was a happy teenager
but doesn't mean that I didn't have
ridiculous emotions all the time and
Europe when you're a teenager you're
like I'm not being emotional this sucks
it does suck but yeah you're being
emotions overly emotional you want to do
things but you're not allowed to you
have to stick to this like full system
that's put out for you even though you
don't fit into it then in college
finally start figuring out how to do
your life and it's just high school it's
tough guys I understand it's a tough
time you should dye your hair blue no
reason just dye your hair I don't think
I could get away with the color like a
blue or green or pink or red I couldn't
I don't think I can get away with it
my dog is barking outside can you call
her in for me doggie come inside there
you go what do you have you a beagle
right favorite cheap eyeliner I have a
nice one but it's so expensive and girl
I don't have money for that I don't know
any good cheap ones I used the Mac what
liquid eyeliner long-lasting never comes
off you have to scrape it off tattoo
eyeliner that's all I use I don't change
makeup very often just whatever Kulim
buys me I just order more of that once
it runs out people making fun of me
because earlier I said I don't know what
makes me me listen I don't I could if I
could write a speech and define myself
but that's just too much work all right
okay diet silver you know who was it
he's a joy Graceffa I really liked his
hair silver I liked it a lot
put highlights in your hair you guys I
think I should get highlights is that
something that should happen I don't
even understand maybe in the summer it's
not highlight season is it it's like
winter highlights our summer season
hairstyle right I don't know I don't
know that I'm saying don't judge me for
what I do
hi try and say my name it's pronounced
Alicia not Alicia well Alicia Alicia
Alicia let's say say it Alicia
it looks like it's spelled Alicia just
say yes I'm glad I have YouTube red so I
can multi-task with tweeting and
watching you you you don't have to have
you to read to watch me are you talking
about Oh what does that mean I don't
even have you - I totally should
Tyla that highschool ran explains why
I'm unstable high school sucks it does
it sucks a lot and I feel so bad for the
people who peak in high school books or
movies no that's in movie movies but
like lately I've been reading weird I
know someone sent me a book that they
had written and I read it it was like
another 150 pages alright I think it was
behind the velvet rope was that what his
poem I don't remember
someone said to me and I was like that
okay read it whatever I had nothing to
do there's nothing good on TV
all my was out of lives and all my games
on my phone sorry
it's covering Gus and so I read it and I
was like hey that was kind of relaxing
I liked that so I picked up Mary Hart's
book that I had I was like I need
another book to read so pictures up and
I had started reading hers and they got
distracted and blurred away and just
never read it again um but I'm about
halfway through her book now and I'm
like wait I kind of enjoy reading right
now am I had a new face in my life that
I become such an adult I might become
said as an adult that I enjoy this and I
think I have it's weird
I don't read and now every day I mean
it's not a bad habit to have it's not
something I should be embarrassed about
but I don't know lately I've been
reading teach us how to make spaghetti
do you guys don't have an expiry spring
I know how to make spaghetti and I'm
terrible at cooking I can make spaghetti
did you have a job in high school yes I
did um I was a hostess and then I worked
for the magic store my brother worked
for I works for that are you having a
seizure what's happening no die it's the
one rule all right still breathing
anyway yeah I had two jobs throughout
high school
did you have an email diary like : yes
and I burned it on the beach and just a
moment of life I had two journals and I
burned them on the beach I wish I hadn't
but whatever I thought I was like an
epic weird thing I don't know why I did
it I was emotional I was overly I was in
high school but I have journals from
when I was a kid and in college and I'm
starting to journal again just because
I'm doing it for my best friend cuz her
and I don't get to see each other that
often so when I see her but I hand I
pandered the journal and she can read
what's happened in my life do you like
DIY projects I do I do like them a lot
do you want to have a tiger no I don't
think those should be a house animal I
think they should live happily in the
wild I don't think I've ever I don't
have the space for us do you want me to
get a tiger that's a big litter box yeah
Oh ridiculously big that we have the
same feelings on this
he just bled out a tiny little meow I
100 cents sure you guys did not hear it
but it's like are we hugging in
Riverside in four days very important if
you are at the meet-and-greet then yes I
am going to the Riverside show how old
are you and you had your first kiss I
was 16 say names Tiffany don't tell me
what to do
Kristen says Rita dogs purpose the book
is great but the movie is crap I feel
like I would cry if I read that also I
want the dog what color is your
toothbrush Graceland why do you need to
know this what color is my toothbrush
purple I think it's purple I don't know
my thumb's are about to fall off so can
you adopt me before they fall off Sophie
why are you thumbs about to fall off
that is ridiculous and what is my
adopting you have to do with them not
falling off you got a good flip yes
his body is this is straight up and his
pelvis is through the air it's
completely turned around how you doing
buddy oh you got a reach for it there
you go you good Oh reach for it reach
for it reach for it eat it you see
opening and closing as I'm doing this if
you push it right here as follows
wow I'm the thing I just got hot on his
collar my hand is so scratched up all
that doesn't show it what sports did you
in high school I didn't do any sports in
high school I only did them as a kid and
then in college never did in high school
and I'm sad I wish I'd kept up with
basketball I truly do I love playing
basketball now I never get you because
as an adult woman there's like very
limited places in which I can go just
play basketball for funsies and so I
can't just go play basketball funsies
and it sucks but I'm hoping to get a
hoop once I have a house Alana Alana I
cut friends that pronounce it both ways
how often do you get Chipotle not very
often at all which is strange I think I
had it at the end of December that's the
last time I've had it yeah there's guy
needs to go away
this little sit dude he's very annoying
why are people so obsessed with this
question sorry Stella to call you out
but you
I constantly get asked this very
important do you face the water when you
shower or put your back to the water I
need to know wait why do people need to
know this I get asked this at least once
a week I shower facing away from the
water but then I sometimes turn and face
the water I don't understand what's so
great about this why are people so
concerned with it yes you know least
helpful you're the least helpful
sidekick ever think that's why I like
dogs a lot dogs are great sidekicks you
never see a cat as a sidekick because
this is a cat I had a dog it would be
doing tricks it'd be up in my face it'd
be all about it if cats her sidekick
they literally be the least helpful
thing ever they'd just be sleeping
everywhere you are not the problem to my
Batman
what's the last picture you took of this
dude I've been dating pictures of them
all day Bane makers bullying text me
it's like I need a picture of my cat now
I'm like oh okay I had a cute one I'm
not post it later someone says Batman
Superman Batman
you know my dad's obsessed with Captain
America I had no idea like a year ago
yeah he's really into Captain America
didn't know keep blocking him he's the
reason we're live-streaming all right
guys I think I'm gonna head out soon oh
I don't even know how long I've been
live sitting life sitting streaming
that's word
uh yeah I'll answer a few more questions
the Batman go yeah please DM me more I
sometimes go on DM sprees and I'll be
like a few days where I'm just deeming
everybody and then I need to take a
break and I don't check them for like a
week and then I go on my spree again a
spree will come soon
just not right now do you like Harry
Potter of course choice of course I do
this is weird but how many times a day
do you shower 1 2 2 depending on if I
work out I shower in the morning and
then if I do something active and sweat
later in the day I will take another
shower
you should this in the Hamilton and it
seemed like a lot of work I'm lazy I
think I'm gonna leave since you need to
wake up and say goodbye to everybody
Kosta fer you're awake
there's no way you're sleeping through
that oh don't even don't you're acting
that's acting he's acting all right guys
let's internet hug okay well that's the
last thing we'll do today
ready do you want to get in oh you woke
up to that you woke up for the Internet
hug let's let's all hug come on come on
Guster everyone hug it's a hug and there
it is oh you're mad at me
oh thank you thank you for my kid sis
all right guys that's it thanks for
hanging out um I am trying I have I
guess what this say in this matter I'm
trying to put up a new t-shirt in my
Spreadshirt store I have a new design
they came up with but Spreadshirt won't
let me so in the next few days I'm
getting an error message I'm cat saliva
on I don't know um anything the next few
days I'm trying to get up but I need
this error message and I emailed
Spreadshirt last night but it's the
weekend so no one will respond to me
until Monday um but yeah just you know
that'll be up soon ish
that's all okay oh my guys since you're
hanging out I hope you enjoyed this was
kind of boring but Gus made some good
appearances yeah I'm watching it you
guys
