there was a stake here we made a
commitment
it is very snowy here there's no now but
we just went to a fancy dinner then I
got baked that's the end of that clip
that's a sad story
I more to the story I slipped on a patch
of ice on my way over here while talking
crap about someone ok karma message
received
it's the next morning seven eight amps
a.m. 807 we're trying to get to the
mountain by 9 which is very difficult
for us very hard for us to get out of a
room before 10 we can wake up this we're
going to get all where we need to go
tired anyway we're about to go to the
snow hoarding I always love my
protective gear yeah there's pants over
there
no idea where he is so Matt and I got
separated I lost him I see him now he's
coming down the hill that was a annoying
few minutes we having to wait ridiculous
mattnic system where we go down a slope
and then we take like a five ten-minute
break and then we go back up and do it
again if we do that my knees don't hurt
so instead of just keep going I just
take a five-minute break it's X to
unstrap my snowboard but it's not that
big of a deal to be able to snowboard
longer with no knee pain so this is like
the fourth break we shooting today doing
well I'm doing pretty good
we decide they're on the top of the
mountain this is a blue run that goes
down and then there's a bunch of black
diamond so we decided to the blue run
down because I don't think we're black
diamond material yet and it is this the
finished run ever and so you either run
into the wall of snow or you fall off a
cliff so it is taking me a really long
time to get down a lot of effort and I'm
very tired
I like when it's like a big fat run so I
could just do whatever I want and not
have to worry about staying in the
neutral zone anyway look at me
complaining I'm sorry
plus side it's beautiful out here it's
gorgeous
I've never done an entire day of
snowboarding the snowboarding before and
I am exhausted
I'm so tired I was a lot of fun though
look I got I got this cute sweatshirt
says Mammoth on it I got mad sweatshirt
too we are exhausted we wouldn't had
Mexican food and we're like oh let's
split up a little margarita to order
margarita and it came in the biggest
glass that ever has been before
ridiculous but I just had to film a
video for tomorrow I might want to go
entertain himself elsewhere so much less
personalized well there's no idea where
you what I just talked some pillow I'm
done screw back soon I'm exhausted I'm
so tired
I had a lot of fun snowboarding though
this is my new favorite place we bought
like just like a half season pass it's
like I get three more trips but for
discounted prices we loved it it was so
good so amazing
