hey y'all I am off to christopher's and
Jessica's lovely Saturday morning to go
film tide babysit I need one of their
children or all of their children and
parents of the children winters
Christopher and Jessica I don't have a
full idea what I'm doing but I'll
figured out on my drive not gonna be
that big a deal let's go okay I made it
Christopher and Jessica's and
Christopher and I are about to film
musically the only time I ever put music
leaves up is when I hang out
I am vlogging is that allowed no real ID
to vlog in the family we're just going
to do musically and then we're going to
film my video I think we're doing a
challenge on their channel Parker and
Bailey were told to go outside and get
out their energy ever wonder what's just
going on in a little brain okay I just
filmed my learning Sunday video with the
children
that was perfect give it back
you're a full match they're all very
helpful another outside watering buckets
of leaves good great Bailey what are you
up to
you're building a house that seems nice
where's your house that's that looks
like a good house y'all get in the
backyard oh yeah really green looks like
you keep the yards nice yeah this is the
basket full of fruit and vegetables
they just kept good good okay where's
the kitchen
yeah I didn't make it uh well let me
know when you make a kitchen Christopher
and I also felt a couple musically is I
think they were pretty funny like I
truly enjoyed them
alright so Christopher got Jake a drum
set which was the belief emails and then
you added stuff to it right thank you
very much moms and we put all the fans
in them I've always wanted to play drums
I've never been able to well you should
show you how I just wanted bang on it
what are these for
for everyone else in the house they're
for protection against ear drum bleated
pericardium you want to learn it yeah
okay
this is not set up her long arm yeah
speed on both of your pedals let's go
down it's gonna be a regular beat doing
that with your right hand okay and then
every four DS you're doing this no
matter work got feel eraser
got feeling gut feel it you don't what
do you want Annie show me where's that
boy oh he's got he's got it Justin he's
particular oh he doesn't deal with the
pedal no pedal for him
go for it buddy
you're so good
