I am so sorry that I have not been
blogging after vlogmas seeing all
bloggers kind of go I mean I vlog a lot
was on tour but I'll blog today I love
that I miss you guys let's do things
like that
it's raining today so I thought my
Christmas tree in my balcony I need to
get rid of it I'm going to buy a saw
chop it up into little pieces and that
way I can put it in the trash and not
get fined $50 - with my apartment
complex so I'm hanging out with my mom
today and our mission is to save Colin's
house there are 11 leaks in her roof
when others 12 now there's 12 weeks I've
been another part of the house woman yes
it was on us in the living room and now
it has spread to the formal dining room
which is not right next to the living
room my mom's house which is what 90,000
years old 16 7 years old is totally fine
in the right my sister's 1-year old
house nope freaking millennialism
alright and I have termite yeah our
mom's theories that the termite poop
actually saves the house from it
cemented together
its water process so that nothing leaks
through but we ran off to get tarps and
buckets and I need to get a sauce kind
of net Christmas tree
we got buckets and tarp now it's time to
find a sauce for me where is it
boom Roscoe suck up Paisley since last
time I owned two saw when I was seven so
you feel really good class yeah it's
less heavy duty they just look fancier
do you think I see you who else one
millenials I decided not to get like a
fence you saw that like does clean
finishes on project we're going to get a
chainsaw no not at all we're getting on
that's it's not going to look pretty at
the end but it's going to get the job
done quickly kind of saw but also should
I just get a machete and set now is in
addition to machete I just still not
safe holding this okay we've got what we
needed my mother and I could spend hours
in Osh I can also spend hours and
staples are you the same staples off in
fabric store not the fabric store you
lost me
you're no longer friends so we go home
and put buckets and tarps under the
leaks into the furniture and clean chop
what do you do it oh I've gone to my
head that's five seconds ago your hands
I'm good I thought you're rubbing
I have on my hand is forming you can't
even see it just hurts but then we're
going to go film never have I ever
yes I wanted to support it it is very
excited good composing we know some all
right mom and I have set down a tarp and
are putting buckets where there's drips
and Gus I think has fallen in love with
the tarp get it boy yeah get the tarp
keep the time yeah oh and got your own
tail good job so mom and I are about to
some never have I ever not Twitter and
asked you guys things and you keep a lot
of good ones I screenshotted a lot of
things but I'm gonna have to cut it down
editing or else if you would be like 30
minutes long so we're going to film this
I mean anything in my teeth is he
there's nothing if I keep the camera
blurry so my dad text me this Friday
night he text me he's like I want to
milkshake I'm like dad I don't think it
was my father on a Friday night at 10
p.m. that's so late that JK we're gonna
go get some milk shake he takes me I was
like I'm not taking like I'm sure you're
busy I like I'm doing a puzzle by myself
come pick me up we're doing really where
are we going I don't know if nothing
else I don't know Danny
oh my hair pajamas up
hi Eddie ate some milkshakes on a Sunday
so we went we went to McDonald's the
only thing open
oh yeah we're going to go back to clean
something and this okay cool
we're gonna have some fun with the
parents what are you guys doing Friday
night not hanging out with your parents
Millennials but I got a hot one Sunday I
got a shake and we have to switch
driving because he wants to eat it
see can't wait till we get back
