okay it's my last show on the storm or
Riverside I haven't filmed today we
didn't do much but I am where is the
stage they're doing sound check and I'm
going to find the stellar design there's
always helpful little signs that let you
know where to go this way oh I hear it I
hear it there it is there they are
hi Hey okay so this is the stage so they
have this most faders have a pit that
you can lower and it's like it can be an
orchestra pit or you can put chairs
there and it can be ground level or it
raises up an ad for the stage will focus
on me so it's all May but there's we
didn't sell they don't tell the
orchestra seats and so if it were
lowered in the the first rows just
really far from the stage but if it's
raised and she doesn't use that it was
really it's like a in a weird space it
works for most people but Colleen is a
very strange act Oh so weird they were
trying to debate what to do and she
decided to raise the stage and perform
closer to the audience which is normal I
think but now everyone has to change all
the monitors and think
clean I just discovered this is the
meanest rudest lighting on the planet I
would have to it was like by the way you
have a mustache and sideburns
I don't care life let me live
normal art coin just finish the Q&A and
we're going to the meet and greet and
things and all the things I feel like
I'm at the pointing to her I'm like I've
showed you everything now everything's a
repeat because last time I'm dressing up
with Miranda for this tour business
houses this is the last show until
Riverside so I'm just pressed up waiting
for the show to start I've had a lot of
soda on the trip and I regret it
immediately my teeth hurt my stomach
hurts I feel it not being good for me
Matt usually prohibits me from drinking
Mesilla in a kind loving way and I mean
I'm my own woman I can do what I walk
but he reminds me that I'll regret it
and so it is not here I drink a lot of
soda and it's not good for me and I
already feel dehydrated of like trying
to drink balls of water over the past
Oh oh sliz laughing at me Seven Summits
I got water like weirdly in my throat
anyway just what it is sincerely say
thank you bro the gifts in the notes
let me find two real the notes tonight I
love you guys you're amazing we were
just about to start the show I like the
lights are going down and Queen Anne ran
away
Sarah listen again look for the show
what we do here just go back back back
back back
because that
the
every time advantage of Glasgow for me
Colleen still has 30 more telling Richie
died okay was here too something
ridiculous like a billion mark okay so
smooth care yeah yes for bus we have to
put coins on the bus driver to see if we
leave the bus but with something
Kalinda's nothing to use the door what
is my bunkie right here yeah right there
anyways k our bus driver wanted to stop
at Walmart and was like a little husband
sir you had ok with that
yes we are it is loud in the morning and
we are going to Walmart oh my god
am I in a horror movie ah let's do
horror movie thanks
laughing we made it through the scary
movie Clint obsessive being a hipster
and brought her insuk amra into Walmart
our journals on history I don't know the
rules under a little history
I don't think Polly knows what
hipsterish I don't think cooling
realizes that ones these aren't going to
be a Walmart so they're more of a target
thing ask you oh we're not getting a one
lot easy does it listen to tell someone
to all right oh my god number one we
love Walmart
kollene is actually contemplating
getting a mobile like it fits because
magic move I'm down for the muumuus guys
holy chic all I get more coffee and
donut I love don't let go breaking my
huh you sleep you lose I am over it
Danny okay should be dead look can't Eve
I mean if you raise a book so it look
real
