I just farted okay so today we are on
the bus all day
owl in long days so we're going from
Portland to San Jose but we're stopping
and reading because it's a really long
drive
hold your quarry he's an orgasm toner as
he falls anyway so we're doing a two-day
drive and normally we drive at night but
it's so I see all the roads that we
can't drive at night Wallace in the
northern area so he prescribed during
the day so that meant we're on a bus to
10 hours today
okay we are now at four today because
kaleem's wants more blankets for her bed
whoa it is cold no subjective we are the
wake up event 650 today to be on the bus
by 7:00 I supposed to wake up at 6 but
how do you know I did not wake up to my
alarm but we got in the bus and were
like okay we're going back to sleep we
get into clean bed and under the covers
were actually coulded and above the
covers which was annoying and so we were
freezing for a good 10 minutes oh my God
why are your clothes we stuck to you I
feel like you're going to be spit out
one of them little slim balls everything
about it in and out I always get like
Salemi and coffee right after it's
because you're lactose intolerant your
cheese you know the pink does you get
the Flamingo Baja that is the ugly you
just lifted that
hello we went to a disgusting dinner if
you want to see any of that on Cory and
Colleen's vlogs but now we're at a
bowling alley poppin poppin and we're
just going to bowl it's the only thing
to do in Redding California
you
ah
hi
ah or any of you alive and they used to
do the bumpers as like these water two
sacks like nowadays it makes metal
things pop up a lot of things the water
sinks like they used to be just to fill
the water that they put but have to lug
out and put in these sections here to
have bumpers I don't think any of you
remember these so let's find a picture
of it
all right now we're all boiling all on
left-handedness Colleen we felt that
even though you did amazing
maybe three fine like that's better than
me on most days we had some well
apparently but something Ali decided
they didn't want us to play anymore
so we're halfway not even halfway we're
in the middle of the third frame and it
ate almost all our bulbs we had six now
we have one left and it just shut us
down
