mornings I forgot to take my body into
Starbucks so I'm using my phone but it's
the morning data em we were supposed to
leave Seattle last night and go to
Portland but you could drive it just so
I see some snow storm in Portland those
people have clearly never been to Tahoe
anyway I know it's unsafe cause habla so
we're in CL so and fate a.m. or about to
leave Espeon we are at the theater right
now we drove two three hours I fell
asleep on the bus I don't know why I
dunno why I'm a car baby but the second
I got on the bus I'm like oh it's time
to go to sleep it was just great when we
travel at night or we travel the day I'm
worthless so I took a nap on the bus
which I knew you know I hate math I hate
math and I said bucks does it to me
every time but I got to the theater and
this is the first time we've had good
internet it's not even good it's just
not gut-wrenchingly terrible so I'm
trying to get everything I need to do on
the Internet done now access issue so
I'm just going to be editing and pre
uploading all of my stuff today so I was
working and I went into the bus to grab
my blog II and Kelleen was like I want
to go to a hipster coffee shop because
we're in Portland I feel like that's
what's here okay so I went on Yelp there
were about 500 history
so it's the closest one all right
they're doing sound check I got my main
channel video uploaded for today
Thursday and I'm uploading my vlog right
now I think I'm gonna try and upload my
Sunday video here because that's really
good here we cantle rare that is that a
theater has a good internet that's only
lost to our life is satisfied
friends that match together together
that's my thumbnail
main grit was done got to hug Allah
cuties and now it's time to eat the food
I went healthy with grilled chicken rice
and broccoli already regretted I didn't
like it something with lots of fat
because I want to live a long and
healthy life
and backstage the shows about to start
I'd like two minutes ago I realized how
supposed to be in this outfit I
completely forgotten but luckily this
outfit gets put on in about 20 seconds
so yeah the show the shadow all right we
got voodoo donuts from Portland
obviously and so we're going to eat them
and obviously we all have to vlog it
it's ok you can knock allow it I know I
appreciate when other vloggers are
conscious of other vloggers vlogging so
anyway we're getting them cliff or Rob
and take up I take a bite of the bull
nut jelly does probably boring remember
no jellies good eat it
yeah better to report looks good
what'd you think of that one all right
of the sprinkle one
