what are my beautiful people it is a cat
sore I've had enough of your nonsense
I'm not allowed to let you outside
stop asking please thank you it's
Wednesday it is the first day of
Colleen's tour I came to Seattle last
night to hang out with my best friend
that lives in Seattle but her boyfriend
both have whoa there's stuff on my
screen both at work today so I am
hanging out by myself until my sister
texts me and tells me I can come to the
theater in Tacoma I am taking an hour
override to Tacoma later I've never been
in over that long
mmm dad may actually fall it might have
taken me an hour and a half to the
airport once in LA gotta love that way
anyway yeah so I'm gonna go grab coffee
and I'm gonna come back and edit
yesterday's vlog and life so get ready
for some tour blogging I made it to the
theater I met up with Colleen but she's
pooping look she made new posters add
arms
and I'm doing nothing I have nothing to
do which is strange but Corey setting up
stage what's the gander at him he has
corey trying to put together a pot I
made about four years ago
why doesn't it work maybe because I made
it out of a cardboard a pencil if I
notice I reglued it in some of the
groups uh come on that's what happens
when you mess with a masterpiece glory
no I'm also nervous Tara normal normal
so I was at Quinn's house and she was
working and part of the show but I said
I don't want to know anything about it I
know all exposure I know that it's a
funeral but that's all I know I didn't
say that you told the other Taylor oh
you know oh you said there is a funeral
and at one point I am getting in a
coffin for the first three shows she's
giving me she's being done knowing like
that mom would do you do you do have to
come to the show to see the whole thing
but I'm vlogging every day so you will
see it's did bit because I need a lot of
footage all right it's like 330 now and
they're about to do sound check
I'm not doing anything kollene is
changing the location of the lipstick
she put the lipstick under haha never
happened before
oh my god the fog is back they can
off-planet need to ask you a serious
question are you wearing the mary-kate
nationally socks love you
hey hold on it always bugs the crap out
every what I work for clean she had four
thousand prom and she uses each of them
for one second like he hasn't appearing
cane and hat I literally don't bring
them out uses it for four seconds and
then propose to second stage I mean girl
Mexico show come on we just finished the
meet-and-greet got to see all your
lovely little faces Cory said I got
presents I'm going to find them good
stuff found it what I got there listen
it's very tangled right now but it's a
very few science topics for bit on
Twitter Jess got it for me or made it
for me I think she made it talent I
don't have that but it's a really big
sign
so stay awesome possums and it lights up
and I'm very excited to put it in my
office that's the end of my story
okay guess who I'm dressing up as
tonight Colleen surprised me I did not
know I was doing this I'm very excited
get a good workout it pumping yourself
up you got it you got it you fastest new
show never actually really run it before
you can do it you will get this show all
your phone good
Oh
very clean finish their first show it
was it was good I liked it I thought it
was hilarious
your new parts I think are genius
I'm not going to show you guys too much
or tell you too much about it because
yeah that's the first show that won last
night the bass stuff was phenomenal I
was dying yeah it was fun it was a lot
of fun
show's over I thought it was amazing oh
you got to do some cool things with it
and I am excited for the next show
hopefully that happens in Portland it
might not happen coz of snow but I think
we'll make it
I have high hopes anyway that's it for
day no you guys really this bank
you
