what's up everybody it is a day that is
glorious because one its blazes birthday
he's one year old today and chill cuz
I'm hanging out with Andrew today and
we're doing a whole day of hockey thing
Andrews playing hockey with his hockey
friends at Staples Center and then later
tonight we're gonna go see the Kings
game but right now we're walking to the
Staples Center and that's what's
happening could by just a sensible purse
a sensible Paris on his way in to feel a
little hobbit distance just the
essentials guys genuinely the biggest
bags that man has ever made so I'm the
first one through security I'm supposed
to go down aisle 14 I've never been in
this Staples Center when it's this quiet
and empty I'm only here for games oh
it's cold
this is cool this is really cool
ah this is cool this is cool dude
Zamboni and Zamboni
it makes the ice it pretty Zamboni
Zamboni today hey do you think that they
have anything to do with Bud Light do
you think that maybe they're sponsored
by Bud Light sneaking suspicion my
favorite thing about hockey is the
goalies and how flexible they are
look gonna warm up look at it watch how
he was doing stretches earlier it's
literally my favorite also they're out
here practicing and have no clue of
Andrews out here yet
they all have face masks excuse me noise
I'm trying to talk Gail off face masks
on so I don't know which one is Andrew
Andrew what are you I don't know where
you are
I found Andrew he's wearing it that one
his last name is Trent there we go
we found Andrew guys things are
happening we're playing a game
Andrews team is currently losing but
things are happening oh here they come
oh and leaving the race by Andrew
and sleeping again every time I turn the
camera on and relieves what is happening
this is the birthday boy
hello you've already eaten two toys
today and I've made you your own
scrambled eggs cuz I made scrambled egg
sandwich come put yours in your food boy
are you ready for your eggs you know Mom
I've been ready since I've been born
okay handsome come on let me get off oh
okay you go get your eggs and this is
part of the toy I gave him this morning
that's good you have fun with your toy
this was a shoe guard toy so impossible
to penetrate glaze took that as a
challenge when you wean your eggs you
know so we came back for a second and
now we're leaving again to go watch the
Kings game the Staples Center is not
very far from my house but it's gonna
take about an hour and a half to get
there please
and truth I guess I'm just not going to
the game
hey Andrew hockey
tilaka who watch hockey he's out oh my
god I think he's everyone bringing so
loud I think he's dead we got to go
watch the hockey we're at the Staples
Center now and some item is something
very intense is going on oh they're
getting ready hockey is very intense
they're gonna do what it's very intense
for the warmup
he's got guys it's pride night here it's
pride night so I'm very excited to be
here 9 and LGBTQ last night
the hockey it's like the only sport I
know that's night like this hockey wins
no hockey look at all of them I'll go
now I missed look through the rainbow on
the ice on the prideless so brain
boolean beautiful look at all the
rainbows looking at it I'm so proud of
them guys I'm in the matrix oh it went
away oh I'm still in the matrix oh this
is exciting it's Tron it is it is
intense it is a pride Tron matrix
oh man hockey games are exciting oh it
died it's just that's it that's up
Blaz will not leave Andrew alone no
matter what he does he's with him at all
times buddy he's got to go home but he's
got to go home Oh give me the love you
me love give me my birthday Oh game was
good Kings won it was a lot a lot of fun
with good seeds fun this good people
with us but Andrew has to go home now
and he has to beat the rain because
they're gonna close the freeway in
Montecito because they don't want mud to
happen again I mean they can't stop the
mud but they're gonna close the freeway
to protect people so he's got a safely
race home not good stuck outside Santa
Barbara blaze is not a fan and you have
a good birthday did you have a good
birthday yeah well you get to end it by
sleeping on down side of the bed until
he comes in then you get put between my
legs sounds weird but trust me it's what
happens then it works and it's not weird
Andrew left I would have been realized I
was out of makeup remover wipes so I
still have eyeliner on but I took off
the foundation and pick the confuse it's
you know well go good bud love you guys
