my life is a mess my life is I'm a
cycler then I'm asking this is a mess I
also fell asleep with a throat lozenger
in my mouth last night and woke up with
a throat lozenger in my mouth and my
throat hurts cause of that tip of the
day I'll fall asleep with a throat
lozenger in my mouth also I definitely
could've choked and died ok I'm about to
film a video so I'm gonna turn this
camera off and put it on the tripod of
the video cool things back well I
finished filming and this happened
during it just he's asleep on a roll of
wrapping paper I love my little man he
was like the only prediction I got right
from 2017 that's what my video was that
I posted was I reviewed my 2017
predictions I got two completely right I
got a couple semi right you know let me
know should I make 2018 predictions
should that be a thing or was just
recapping my 2017 ones enough of that
because clearly I suck okay here's some
let's get up up let's get up come on I'm
just gonna slide on out of here
oh sorry you tailed it there you go
all right okay well act like I've
betrayed you I'll get you your bed my
camera just keeps shutting off as his
memory card error I don't know what's
wrong with it if I have to buy a new
buggy I swear I will do it anyway I just
have to pick up my car from Cooley's it
was a Christmas I drove over there
Christmas Eve and spent the night and
Matt came over Christmas morning with
him and dog and so we had two separate
cars and then when I started throwing up
he just drove me home in the truck and
we left the Mazda at Colleen's
and so it has been there since Christmas
so I just went and picked it up and now
blaze and I are going to the park
because he isn't on the park in a very
long time and he's a very hyper little
man and he's been pretty good about it
but today I was like you know he's been
good but I can feel that the wrath of
energy about to explode so we're on our
way to the park we'll only be there for
a little bit but guys I should tell you
I'm loving vlogging because my life
isn't a massive ball of stress anymore i
moved out I'm completely out of my
rental and I'm in my new house and
there's no time urgency for anything I
have my appliances working there is I'm
still working on the shower and the hall
bath but it's not urgent and I know I
just called plumber in today's work and
it's it's that my stress is just yeah I
was sick but even when I was sick I was
less stressed because we were out of the
rental anyway so clogging is so much fun
to be now I'm just like oh this is a
thing I get to do cuz I can and I want
to wonderful well there's an accident I
just put this away
good morning just try to deal with this
pile in my dining room normal Friday I'm
on a mission I had a very scary mission
I'm about to go take back what's mine so
we we moved out of our rental and I'm
pretty sure new tenants have already
moved in because they weren't like every
day before my lease was up but that can
you move out earlier can you move out
earlier can you move out earlier no but
we left a hose in the front yard that is
still attached to the hose system but
it's our hope so I'm going to go
retrieve this hose but I don't know if
that's legal but it is but it's mine but
I'm trespassing to retrieve what is mine
what's the law here I don't know I'm
just hoping that no one's there so I can
just go up and grab it but like the
hoses the hose is located right under
the windows to the living room in the
kitchen so if the windows are open and
people are there they will see me which
means I feel like knock on the door and
be like hi I used to live here this is
my hose by Ronald it's very strange
it's a very strange predicament that I
of it so I my way to go retrieve the
hose and then to
turn my rap my modem router in one back
to to the UPS store to serve at AT&T as
I am done using them pose retrieve doc
there's car in the driveway so I knocked
and good lady answered issues look she
was like hi random I used to live here
that's my house imma take it she's like
what's the talk joy that's like perfect
so I took my house it's a really nice
house it was like 60 bucks it's like a
no kink really long with the one of
those nozzles that stop spraying like
you have to hold it down for it to spray
and that was source the truck and there
was no hose at the new house and we need
a hose wash hand that Brett do whatever
AT&T thing return now I'm going home to
edit my Christmas Eve vlog Wow I'm late
you
