hello beautiful people
max'll Sonia music Wally showers
oh how are you guys today I'm vlogging a
little bit I forgot to vlog is boring
let's see what do i do saying woke up
posted the video and edited vlog let's
not video I got lunch things football
game watching now I'm about to film
doesn't sound sauna that's what I'm
doing today and thanks all of the things
alright I just filmed the video and now
I have to decrease the Phi that'll work
d Chris Christmas pop do Christmas Phi
my office and I am very very very sad
about the whole thing
my
oh I met target now sadness is over and
we were looking at the iPhone 7th
this man is my favorite man ever now
don't know who it is but I love when
people do things like that God no
strings lie there's a string there's a
string
you're lying advertisement lies hey it's
the next morning and I am running
errands today because I leave for
Seattle tomorrow so I'm running errands
that's what I'm doing and I have to take
the truck because it's wet out and that
doesn't want the Mazda to get dirty
because he just washed it the other day
so I am taking the truck on errands
which is not what I'm supposed to do but
the trucks dirty and the moss is clean
and it's wet outside so this is what's
happening at first stop was putting gas
in the truck because it needed the gas
yeah all right I just went to the post
office that was a second errand now I
have to dispose of my Christmas tree
which is tricky because I live in an
apartment complex and they're like you
can only dispose of it on this day or
else we'll charge you $50 what so I
missed the day because I was out of town
so I had to look up a place around me to
drop off the Christmas tree and I don't
know if it's real or not I don't know
this is weird I want a house like I got
my curb next task lunch so Matt and I
decided to come to Whole Foods to get
some food for him stock up before I
leave for Seattle and we're waiting in
the parking lot for spots and we're
circling around circling around and then
I see a Tesla pull into a spot and hit
this Prius and then they drove away I
witnessed a hit and run and so I'm
staying here I got the Tesla's license
plate number so I'm hanging out here to
give it to the people who own this Prius
yeah so that's what I'm doing Matt's
inside shopping and people are staring
at me in the parking lot as I'm talking
to a camera
but yeah I'm proud of myself I got the
license plate number I took a picture of
it and the car but yeah they fully just
hit the Prius and then drove away
so sucks for the Prius but I'm on it all
right lady finally came out and I
exchanged numbers with her and sent her
the picture of the license plate
yeah so they straight up like we're
trying to get into the parking spot and
then he stopped and I was like oh he's
not gonna make that he's gonna back out
and then he didn't back out and kept
and scrape his car stop reversed and
then sat there for good five seconds
pretty sure he's just like debating what
to do Matt was like uh you get each take
picture that lies to play like you're
right realizes like at the ride as I
took in the picture he drove off and I
was like well alright that's all I'll
probably get a call from her insurance
company I'm a witness to a crime but now
I'm home and I have to film two videos
and then pack for my adventures tomorrow
to Seattle do boo boo boo boo boo
alright I finished filming I put on
Twitter and asked you guys what you
wanted to learn about and you guys want
to learn how to babysit and I think it's
cuz you guys thought like I would show
you with a child and so because I had
the film tonight I filmed a different
video and I'll do the how to babysit
when I get back and I'll like steal
Parker or Bailey or Jake or something
for a day or something and I'm not gonna
ask her for Jessica I'm just literally
over the house and steal the child so
sorry I know that your votes are
supposed to mean things but this country
never and I will do the babysitting
video I promise just it's not going to
be this Sunday and I think I'm gonna do
a lively cuz I want to so I'm gonna do a
lively yes I did a lively I did it on
the floor
all right top contributors we're gonna
look at it because I don't know what I'm
supposed to do so we're just gonna look
at it on a vlog oh it's blurry you can
focus I believe in you Rose rose is the
top tribute er then all of these people
all of these people all of this people
are beautiful these are the people these
are the people focus these are the
people that all people I mean a song a
song that was pretty amazing
you
