we put vodka in the snow because it was
more we thought this would be better
than the freezer let's hope it works
we were about to follow the reason like
guys there's snow outside this is just
me wanting to play in the snow as much
as possible if you were wondering that's
my truck right now it's kind of coming
down hard so yeah pretty much stuck
inside today I've decided for a workout
and something to do today I'm going to
shovel my scar out of this snow
it might take a while
he's just exhausting
hey how's it coming
wondering where I didn't park my truck
in this spot it's because our trucks too
long to fit in this garage so it sits
out there in the cold alright since we
buried the truck out of the snow we
thought that we needed to go somewhere
so we went into town to get lunch we're
idiots but whatever we got Panda Express
it was good and my fortune said I will
be surrounded by things of luxury and
I'm very excited for that to come true
do you have to keep the fortune I didn't
keep it I throw it away like why would
you is that part of the whole thing I
don't know so I'm waiting till I can see
out my window again because it's so
foggy then we're gonna head back
I don't probably watch first of all I
should do a little work things
nothing say anything I'm driving in the
snow and it's scary
these people are skiing on the street
get out of my street how do my supposed
to function we had some troubles parking
the truck and main thing is we're snowed
in now we parked the truck and they were
like oh we should move over a little bit
so that the snowplow can get in on the
least one side of the truck because I
hey hey a snowplow a person to come and
plow the driveways so he parked and so
we're like oh let's move over and then I
couldn't reverse out of the driveway I'm
Matt's out there trying to shovel snow
under the tires and out of the tires all
the things that basically were kind of
stuck so it's just diagonal in the
driveway because what I would go on
reverse and like start sliding my face
thankfully it stuck in our driveway and
not somewhere else but yeah can we talk
about that's how high the snow is that's
the ground way down there the snow goes
up with here I think it's what three or
four feet four feet of snow right there
yep yep yep yep go and I am very
fascinated let me show you with icicles
look at those beauties look at the
icicles oh the electricity just went out
that's fun oh and it's not coming back
on either no great no electricity so did
well still bad odd it usually goes out
for a second no its back on it's under
about four times today well this is fun
oh it's it's it's silent it's very quiet
let's go find the boys and hopefully try
and fix this I feel like I'm in a scary
movie this is my tiptoeing around it
silence Mel we built the fire so we have
heat and some light I'm going to die
tonight all right so it's been about two
hours the electricity is still out fire
going I'm playing solitaire by myself
luckily I brought a deck of cards we
have three candles I checked the Twitter
where we're at and it said that there's
a nine power outages and they're hoping
to get it fixed quickly
I'm just getting bored like I'm not
scared be bored the electricity came
back on oh my exposure there it is only
took two and a half hours for it to come
back going yeah alright so the
electricity is back on as I said so
first order of business making Sun Chien
tendo's and french fries
cuz I'm hungry
I look great I've been snowboarding for
like three hours and my knee wants to
murder me my right knee is just like in
an immense amount of pain so I stopped
the slopes closed in about a half-hour
so I'm done and I've got myself a hot
chocolate and the boys are doing one
more run and then they're gonna meet me
in here the snow is amazing look at all
the snot can you see the snot coming out
of my nose sorry just no it's seriously
amazing though and there's so many runs
open this is like the dream alright
we're getting ready to leave Tahoe we
packed up the car we woke up about 8:00
instead it took us two hours to clean
the cabin and then pack everything up so
say there's a lot to get out of here but
we're not scraping ice off the car right
now for me yeah it was fun Tahoe goodbye
by the way it's 11 degrees outside how
is that even humanly possible that's why
that's all like that
it's pretty
