hey oh let me tweet it okay that
wouldn't let me sign into this for like
a good three minutes it kept me right
you're not authorized you're not
authorized I'm like done uh Oh in the
channel let me broadcast on the channel
anyway no one's watching this is it not
not make it public
hold on edit public safe changes why
isn't it going okay there we go now the
views are coming 128 viewers what's up
guys how y'all doing today
how's everything going alright remember
hashtag Saturdays at Rachel's and we'll
get this party started to do it let's
have fun I'm living my life uh Tasha
says hi Rachel hello how are you
everyone's mad at me I listen I know I
was a few minutes late and it's because
of wouldn't let me sign in it was being
annoying I fixed it though I yelled at
it a little bit thought about punching
it in its face and realized it's an
electronic device and punching it would
not benefit anything okay why is it no
one's tweeting is my internet going
really slow
what's okay there's everybody Olivia
says hello Rama is doing math homework I
think that's how you say your name um
clean Kenneth says yokes all right guys
Tonica asks how was skiing i did not see
a snowboard and it was fantastic I'm
putting a vlog up tomorrow it's not
pulling up today but you know I don't
like doing a live stream in and vlog on
the same day on my vlog Channel because
it gets all cold so I thought - tilt it
down let's see all of my face there this
um so I decided to lecture today and I
will post the taco vlog tomorrow I I
filmed a little bit every day none of it
was enough to put a vlog out and so like
the last day I finally had enough
footage so it's gonna be a big vlog
that'll put out tomorrow but for today
you just get a live stream dip lead out
but do they do did anyone notice like
that my last three videos I did I was
wearing that
jacket I was about to put it on just to
make it funny and all the thumbnails be
the same jacket and everything but I
decided not to UM Ania says I like your
flannels Thanks either Matt's sister or
his aunt gave me this flannel I forgot
who well someone in that family gave me
this Lanham I asked her flannels for
Christmas
I like flannels all right how are you
guys doing how's life I woke up at 8
today which is very rare my body usually
wakes up between 9:00 and 10:00 but
somehow Matt and I train their bodies
the past we could wake up at like 8:00
which I'm okay with it's like I'm not
super tired or anything I just naturally
wake up at 8 which is fantastic cuz I
freaking went out and I got breakfast
this morning don't do that I usually
wake up at like between 9 and 10 and
then like have some coffee and then wait
till noon and then go eat lunch but I
was able to go get breakfast and now at
noon 30 I'm gonna go get lunch
it's like I had breakfast so sustains me
until 12th I just I'm really proud of
myself for waking up that early and I
know all of you are like I hate you I
have to wake up at like 6:00 a.m. for
school or 5:00 a.m.
sorry I had to do that for a while too
I I mean I had to put in my hours and
now I'm at a point or I don't have to
put in my hours like wake of what I want
and I like that I'm waking up at 8 now
that's my whole thing you can all get
mad at me for my sleeping what do you do
when people randomly stop talking to you
like they used to you don't know why you
don't even have a name your name is just
the heart emoji
I want people's random to stop talking
to me hmm
I you you either straight up ask them
why don't we talk anymore or you go well
I guess they're over it and then just
move on with your life I don't know I
don't like begging people to stay in my
life uh what are you getting for lunch
well Natalie Matt likes this one it's
like a sandwich burger place that he
really likes since we haven't been home
in like two weeks he's craving it so
we're going there I usually the veggie
burger there it's weird I don't get
veggie burgers anywhere but there
I don't know
why Camille says hey see you at clean
San Jose show wait is it the Senate am I
going I'll tell you what shows I'm going
to a colludes tour hold on Miranda sings
calm if you hadn't buy a ticket to Rena
sings backup I get your tickets now for
a life-changing entertaining altogether
fantastic show it is a good show
actually she is writing appreciate some
she's writing a new show for this yeah
okay I'm going to the Tacoma Portland
and San Jose shows I'm going to the
first three and then I'm gonna try and
come to the Riverside show on February
1st this is just like an hour two drives
for me Maran um sorry I'm not going oh
there is like this strobe light noise
happening and I was very confused and
then I realized that Matt got a sona
speaker he got me one for Christmas and
it's in my bathroom so I can listen to
music while I shower and he got one from
his aunt and he put it in his bathroom
and when you set it up it does this
thing where it's like volume it changes
based on what's in the room bounces off
things obviously the instructions did
this hand movement too but so you have
to turn it on and you go around the room
you do this with your phone all around
the corners of the room and so I can
tell where the sound I don't know if
it's ball or not it might just like be
acting like it does something but it's
not really it's just making you think
that it's fancy but so it can tell you
like we're sounds bounce off forever and
it changes how the music comes out of
the speaker based on the room that
you're in and anyway so it makes this
like strobe light noise as you move your
phone around the room and I just heard
it I was so confused but then I realized
I'm not setting it was speaker that was
a really long thing sorry
anyway I'm one of the first three shows
of coins thing so yeah you'll see will
you teach me physics please Oh amber no
I was really bad at physics like really
bad at physics I could not understand it
nope I did a science was always a
struggle for me I think if I
back now I could do it but in high
school I couldn't do it and that's the
only time it taught me
well they taught me bio in college but
that was a it took the easy teacher that
you didn't have to learn anything
college uh that says can you do you mean
I'm in the middle of a live stream I
can't be deeming people while doing a
live stream that would be the most
boring lines to remember it I already
had a boring live stream last week so I
can't disappoint you guys today bday
girl TIFF says I'm thirsty hoe but it's
my birthday today what do you mean
you're thirsty but it's your brick how
those two things correlate that doesn't
make sense you thirsty and it's your
birthday that should be enough but what
up happy birthday TIFF hmm eat it can
you give me a hug sweetie
Emma white says do you want a drone
obviously okay when I was in Tahoe I
have all this footage of the snow
because a whole Southern California girl
I was fascinated by the snow and it's
gorgeous
and I just wanted a drone to just fly
over all the mountains and it's like him
all the trees were just right because of
the snow London and it was gorgeous and
I would have never wanted a drone so bad
in my entire life I don't think I'd be
very good at flying one so I've never
purchased one but I mean it would have
been amazing to have it in Tahoe cuz
those trees were ridiculous
so said come over mobile a snowman
hmm I'm back in Southern California
where it doesn't snow I think it would
chill here for a few days and then I'm
actually going up to Seattle my friend
lives in Seattle I'm going up a day
early and then go to Cali shows and it's
cold but I mean it's snowing up there
but I think I'm gonna stay in LA for a
little bit just to get a little Wharf
give my body temperature back up and
then I'll go ahead outside coldness
again but thank you for your offer to go
build the snowman but I think I'll pass
today
Katz's save me I have to work on a
project but you are way more important
I'm not go do your homework
it's Saturday why wiki I had this rule
my entire life don't do homework on a
Saturday because so I say don't do your
project cuz it's Saturday
I'm a terrible influence put it off till
Sunday unless for some reason you have
this weird school that you haven't done
by on Sunday unless it's like a four-day
project and you only have two days to do
it and you really put it off I don't
know I just think that Saturday should
be no school day whatsoever but you know
who are you rooting for in the NFL
playoffs
I don't know amber I don't know I
haven't decided no I'm watching the
Seahawks Lions game later today and
another one I think I want the lines to
win I don't know if I really like to see
Hawks that much anymore but I think rink
the Lions and that one it goes it goes
keep my game I don't know I don't know
who I want to win Super Bowl I have no
idea huh Ella says I'm sick I think I
caught your cold that lies lies you did
not catch my cold because if you did
you'd be asleep
Emma it's he in a a once note the last
picture it's her that my phone was oh
let's check let's hope it's not
embarrassing oh it was this is from
snapchat I posted it on Instagram
oh you can't see it though because oh
there it is me being the angel of days
and before that it was a bunch of
pictures of the snow picture of the snob
I was really fascinated by the snow guys
but I think a wheat was enough for me
I'm done I like that I could peace out
but I don't know how you guys live in
the snow it's ridiculous
soap says her school doesn't give out
homework on the weekends
hashtag win that is a hashtag win what
school do you go to that school I'm done
to school that school that's ridiculous
that's awesome that's amazing
that's like see the thing is kids need
breaks
we need breaks you guys need I'm not a
kid anymore oh that hurt me to say but
kids need breaks and they keep
constantly doing schoolwork just
non-stop
I think people broke and people broken
it down so many times like how much
we're supposed to how much time we're
supposed to spend on school and then
homework then extracurricular activities
the eating and sleeping and it's like
more than there actually is time in the
day did I scratch myself why did I just
say is it
no I really do much scratch myself do
you all see that
am I crazy like what just feel like I'm
dying
how do that I'm just not seeing things
right that's there I'm in check Twitter
that's their right I'm not dying I'm not
crazy
what does that mess behind you have to
do don't look at it this is some office
supplies I got Oh No well I can't play
foosball at your games I just lost ball
don't look at my mess it's a mess not
your mess
let me have my Saturday yet no honey no
Alexis eyes are definitely dying
dang it well at least I'm not crazy and
I know there's actually scratch there
hey hey my nails aren't even long this
is ridiculous
you need to cut my nasty now hey should
I get surgery to fix
you get constantly gets caught on stuff
and it's annoying
should I get surgery to fix it the thing
is if I get surgery to fix it at six
weeks where I can't use my right hand
and I edit and I do everything with my
right hand so I wouldn't be able to edit
videos for like six weeks someone says a
vampire came and got me
Georgia did you see someone did you see
a vampire in here vampires don't have
speed of light skills right I don't know
everyone has their own rules for
vampires Alice says what's your favorite
drink at Starbucks lately I have been
obsessed with peppermint mocha lattes
with an extra shot of espresso because
that will keep you up but it's a
seasonal thing so I'm gonna be really
sad when it goes away and it's the only
hot drink that I enjoy why is my phone
dirty I don't know why your fellas dirty
I don't know what you do with your phone
clean it jewel says my grandma called
I'll be back tell your grandma I said
hello
she won't know who I am which will get
very confused ginger says it means
you're white Henny what this means I'm
white what what makes them wait I forgot
what we talked about I'm white
sorry Becca says when you decide where
you go on book tour will you calculate
the pre-orders by region or state I
think by region I listen what's
happening I don't have book tour days I
don't have them I don't know anything
about them I know that we're doing a
pre-order thing soon we're like if you
preorder of a book something happens but
I'm not supposed to even say that much
um but I don't have any book tour dates
and I'll send them a list of cities I
asked you guys what cities you want me
to go to and I literally wrote them all
out everyone through all of the tweets I
saw there were like a thousand tweets
every single tweet and wrote down all
the things and any city I saw more than
once so if I saw them twice or more I
wrote it I put it on another list and I
sent that list of my publishers and I
said these are the cities and I said
okay we'll look at that compared to the
pre-orders and then then we'll send you
away on those so all I know is for sure
that I'm gonna be a VidCon but that's
all I know I don't know anything but I'm
pretty sure it's by like city like the
city city of Chicago pre-ordered a lot
New York City pre-ordered a lot laa
ordered a lot so I think that's how it's
gonna go but I don't know much we're
still trying to figure it out yeah hmm
why are you including always burping
well Steffi because we need to burp and
we don't care if you hear it so we're
gonna Berk
it feels good it feels fantastic to burp
and if you say it doesn't you're lying
you're lying to yourself and everyone
else
someone's ramesses love me I love you
people are getting annoyed with me with
my sniffing sorry I sniff a lot nowhere
I'm not doing cocaine never touch the
stuff
what do you like I need to bring you a
present okay your name is literally just
like you did this on a keyboard so not
even gonna attempt it but at Miranda's
quacks you don't need to bring me
presents don't you don't need to do that
at all a hug give me a hug
ginger says white people get wells for
no reason is that true I've never gotten
a well for no reason I had to have done
something is it why I such as white
people or is it just because you can
just like the pigment in our skin or
like it makes it so you can see it more
I feel like everyone gets it it's just
like the wider you are the more visible
it is just good white skin I'm bringing
a dog at the San Jose show okay what dog
do you what I'll wait outside with it
Julia do not bring a dog to the show you
won't be able to take it into the
theater if you can't take it into the
theater than
you can't go into the theater and I want
you to see the show as much times I
would love to play with the dog
don't bring a dog he won't be able to
see the show I do love a good dog
Douglas don't McDermott Congress call
your mom Juanita
why do I need to call my mom I texted
her today actually no she texted me
today and I didn't respond sorry mom
I'll text my mom I'm not gonna call her
I'm just gonna say I love you she can
get confused
all I said was love you I told you good
job not driving in the rain
what'd I get back and I love you do you
like Belgian chocolate little little
lion what do you like chocolate from
Belgium I like all of the chocolates
except you know false Scotland you got
some weird chocolate you got some weird
chocolate in Scotland I'll say that I
liked okay listen I decided my sister
and I a really long time ago we did a
blog but I guess some vlog and put it on
my main channel that was a while ago
wait my mom responded she says mommy boo
she gets to be black hearts there are
black parts why did you something black
heart well that's crazy
in America our candy you got a chew you
got work for you gotta eat it it's like
it's crunchy right into it over in the
UK like Scotland Ireland London the
places that I've been to I'll eat
chocolate she's like melts in your mouth
and I want to work for it it feels like
I might biting into this air that turns
into goop in my mouth and it stresses me
out I want to work for my food I want to
work for my chocolate gotta burn a few
calories while in taking a hundred
calories so uh you need to prank call
fans again I don't want to I felt so bad
for the people that I did pretty call I
feel like a terrible person when I do it
and it stresses me out
and I just I don't want to do that I
don't want to do that and it says a
I'm Ricky shaving his head I kind of
like it I'm into it if he wants to do it
it's all good I have a million presence
for you if so Philadelphia doesn't
happen I will actually cry die lean what
10th lead why don't you shoot me go lean
with Daddy what's happening I'm so
confused
look daddy lean mean what are you daddy
and Colleen how who's the daddy I'm so
confused by a ah so many things anyway
why do you the million presents from me
I'm gonna try and come to Philadelphia
didn't field LT before you know what I
don't like Philly cheesesteaks guy tell
you got not gonna lie to you guys here
being open and honest wasn't that great
Oh Lexi says Rachel I always respond to
your mom what are you doing Clint II I
usually do I'm the child that responds
most of her okay just sometimes in the
middle of things or it's like a text
that doesn't need a response so I'm like
I'm working okay elders try to spot my
mother or I'm sorry but I didn't respond
most out of all the children Oh Tammy
says did you send up to giving away
stuff I have a few more things I haven't
sent out sorry I've been out of town for
two weeks straight I I'm gonna try and
finish that today and get it all sent
out by Monday because mail doesn't
happen on Sundays and it's already over
today so I'm going to try and send
everything out Monday I leave with the
what they do I leave I leave Tuesday
Chris for Washington so I have to get
everything done Monday I have to pre
film three videos and with post office
it's a good day's work
that had hurt your ears I'm so sorry I
was I was a dick move on my part I
apologize
animal says do you know me I see you I
know your name I see you all time on
Twitter having me doing meet in person
sorry if we have and I forgot I
apologize I'm gonna stop talking Caitlin
says we were gonna go skiing in Tahoe
this weekend but there's too much snow
we couldn't get there there was so much
snow and now the snow my calendar is so
out of date it's like a must be hunt
anyway I just noticed that sorry I'm all
over the place there was so much snow
they got seven feet of snow in three
days and I was up there um I used my
everything goodness my truck has 4x4
because if not I would have someone says
what's up with your truck what do you
mean what's up I didn't get the bumper
fixed ever still broken but I'm glad I
have a truck because again I would have
died in the snow yeah hey hon - hey
Julia Tran says my phone died what did I
miss
gibberish I don't think I've ever made
really English I don't think I ever make
sense when I'm live streaming words but
it were really on the topic for more
than like five seconds so you're good
you didn't miss much you look pretty
today well thank you Martina I put
makeup on for the first time in like a
week and it felt we I genuinely forgot
how to put makeup on but I'm not joking
so sorry if I'm flawed but like I got my
little like egg sponge thingy and I was
like wait I forgot to do just a week I
would a week without makeup at it it
stressed my brain out and I couldn't
forgot what I was doing so that was nice
but yeah it was really nice to go a week
without makeup it was made my morning
routine way faster and I didn't have to
take anything off at the end of the day
it was fantastic
telling you that's the way to go egg nog
Alicia says
got me okay mmm done guys I still want
to become Batman okay so if you guys
didn't understand my tweet the other day
when I would did a lively last Saturday
thank a New Year's Eve was it New Year's
Eve I did live Liana someone asked me
can you become Batman or you'd be Batman
something like that something about
Batman and I said okay give me a billion
dollars and I'll become Batman because
that's how much money you need this I
think it's like 600 something million
dollars to become like Batman was real
to become Batman anyway my joke too said
okay give me a billion dollars not
become Batman and I haven't stopped
thinking about becoming Batman since
then all of these gadgets all of the
things like because that woman no
because no I won't be Batman people are
way more respect for Batman than that
woman let's be real cuz society sucks so
I want to come Batman but it's too much
money but all I can think about is all
those gadgets and I want I want to be
able to just like please that my my belt
and then like a string of lip and then I
could like run up walls cuz of things
and the gadget that was a weird
explanation
I was gadget belt darn it no you can't
fight crime in those freaking miniskirts
screw that screw that I'm gonna be
actual Batman kind of workout more get
some money got work more anyway sorry
about that Sarah says you should do live
streams more often I do them every
Saturday and then I've decided that when
it's not a Saturday and I want to be
honest you guys ever do like this I love
you guys why are you doing Langley's
alright it's stup riding my audience
guys so it's just an easy way to be live
um but it is helping me get other
audience things humans because there's a
lot of people on musically that aren't
over on YouTube I'm trying to get money
to come back man so I gotta broaden my
audience everything I do I do now to
become Batman that is it 2017 become
Batman I'm sorry I man I've had a lot of
coffee this morning they gave me a
free coffee with my bagel that I got
today okay when I posted a snapchat it
was like the best thing about waking up
smooth and I was in the middle of biting
my bagel and I had a seed in my tooth
because I'm in the middle of eating and
someone and everyone on Twitter well
some of you guys are really nice or like
you're cute I love you oh thank you but
then there were other people like I'm
sorry trays because I mean your teeth it
would be weird if I didn't have food in
my teeth
Wow taking a bite of something I put in
my teeth literally there's I'm taking a
bite
did you I don't understand what you're
wanting from me what did you want me I
don't like just a bypass the teeth and
go straight into the throat that's weird
yes I was biting food so there was food
in my teeth
oh it's done now thank you dasha for my
face in Batman suit it looks good it
looks good except I think I would change
a little bit of the suit because
basically he has to go over I'm like
this can't move his head so it would fix
that I mean I find out a billion dollars
I think I could fix that part of it but
yeah I am losing so many viewers and
it's I know it's because I am screaming
and I apologize with the screaming I
just got upset that's all I'm a
passionate you would being what Camille
why are you sitting me pictures of okay
there's a lizard with a helmet on a crab
with a knife Camille you're weird I love
you Lisa says any collabs planned no no
I'm I'm gonna be real here I've tried to
set up several collabs with other
youtubers and they all end up bailing on
me so just gotta stick with my family
whenever I feel like it so that's the
truth that's out in the open I give up
I've tried I think Flula is the only
person that's committed and made a video
with me I love
guy yeah nope done done trying Joe Bob
Mia says are you drunk no nope haven't
been drunk since October doctor no yeah
I think it's October or maybe early
November yeah and it was by accident I
think they're all by accident don't
think anyone plans to get drunk oh it is
12:30 1:00 I am supposed to go to the
lunch so I'm gonna answer like two more
or respond to like two or three more
tweets and then I gotta have this
lunchtime fools is much time I'm hungry
this is weird that I might streaming
this early in the day is it not
when do my livestream mr. Lee's usually
like three waking up early is the
winning winner winner chicken dinner of
all the left if you guys weren't here
you'd to be in a little ice cream I
talked about I woke up at 8 today and
I'm very happy with myself because it's
earlier than a normal way Cup and I've
gotten so much more done anyway I like
the ribbon on your curtain hunty well
Beth thank you
it's Christmassy looks so boring what
can i decorate for another holiday
what's the next holiday Martin Luther
King jr. Day mmm Inauguration Day
Groundhog Day Valentine's Day is the
only thing happening next I don't know
if I want to say let's decorate for that
I guess I could get like a red blanket I
could do that
Oh God I am scared of the fact that
snapchat lets you like makes a mess of
your face other people's faces stresses
me out
it really does ginger says I have to
kiss someone for a scene in front of all
my friends and enemies and I'm scared
help me give me pointers you do it if
it's for an acting thing you just do it
you don't think about it you do it put
your lips on their lips and then finish
it make don't just do it that's it you
got it you got finish it yeah it's got
to be that noise at the end but not too
much noise just do it just do it you get
you're getting more action than they are
so don't be scared huh all right guys I
should head out it's been a half hour so
Cyrus's would put up our tree on
Christmas and took me down two days
after but why are you out on Christmas
that's the least effective dope I'm
flabbergasted why would you put it up on
Christmas that's weird
maybe I'd understand like Christmas Eve
but on Christmas how did you think get a
tree on Christmas unless was a fake one
wait what were you guys doing
you're just slacking Melissa says make
it go fun we do become Batman I know
because I'm not gonna take your money
someone did make a GoFundMe though but I
don't let you guys donate money to this
it's never going to get to amount of
Batman money and then you guys have just
spent money on literally nothing so
please I don't want to take your money
don't no no no
if a billion out there a billionaire out
there wants to give me a billion dollars
like they've got two billion dollars and
like I don't know let's do this extra
billion give it to me and then I can
become Batman I think that's the only
way or I can wear to work my hiney off
it gives us money oh you guys are cute
oh I love you guys do you did not just
make out with your hand hunty no Julie I
kiss my hand kissing and making out are
two completely different things
I kissed I don't know what
making out is a little bit different but
okay so no I did not just make out with
my hand I kissed my hands all right
Chloe says Rachel I between for a half
hours straight notice me I don't believe
you
I don't believe you okay lately oh no
I'm not going to complain about that you
guys just make fun of me anyway um so if
he says you have to love me before you
leave I love you notice me Queen I love
you
magazine unicorn I love you I love
everybody I see all of you you're all
beautiful so if you've got a dog what
changes that you have to make this is
the last one okay we're back up this is
the last question I'm singing I'm gonna
go get lunch if I got a dog which means
I make where I live is a huge one I have
to have a yard I have to go on walks
every day I have to get dog food I have
to start going to Petco which I'm not
upset about I'd have more
responsibilities and have to start
picking up poops but mainly the big
change is where I live so soon as I
change where I live I can have a daddy
I'm very excited about that
all right
that's it all right that's it I love you
guys I'm setting off it was a fantastic
half hour you're all beautiful um and if
I get I'm gonna post on your blog
tomorrow I'm gonna try and post blogs a
lot of them constantly get it out there
this is me putting the blogs into the
world but yeah and if I want a live
stream out on a Saturday I will live
stream on Lively's and I'll always tweet
the link so there you go I love you guys
a lot you're beautiful and that's it for
today huh
okay I love you guys you're just
fantastic okay bye
