there's so much snow next to me hello
snow ah good morning guys my cold has
gone from my nose to my throat which I'm
okay with
I rather a sore throat that I runny nose
in all honesty but I'm in Tahoe area and
we are about to go snowboarding
seriously look at all that's now let's
go snowboarding not even that cold
except it's supposed to have a huge
snowstorm while I'm here and basically
I'm gonna die also quite truck slide
slid on black ice last night when she
driving just slightly mother don't freak
out I had it all under control
samer last time I don't know if I told
you guys what my right knee was really
hurting I thought my shoe would come on
laced maybe while I was snowboarding
that's when my knee was hurting I just
want to put on my boots
this is a normal bootlace this is this
one it completely broke so I have to
rent boots today because my boots are
broken hopefully I can get it
relase or replace I don't think is
Burton over here I don't know I'm
hopefully just gonna get a real ace so
we're planning on going again on Tuesday
or Wednesday after a huge storm hits
this is a mess anyway I'm gonna go
wrench
sometimes it snowboarding
this snow is a million times better than
Mount hire Big Bear it was freakin
amazing
I went so fast down the hill so fast I
said I might ever have been before
anyway um I'm waiting for Matt to come
pick me up in the truck so I just have
all his mucus I'm so sorry
that has to look so ugly I'm waiting for
Matt to come pick me up in the truck I
had to return my snow boots so he took
my snowboard down with his friend um to
come pick me up in the truck and things
all of the things alright you were back
the boys are showering I showered when
you live in it
ah the whole cold went straight to my
throat which I'm fine with
but just sometimes I can't speak I
realize when you live in the snow you
can't go outside with wet air cuz you
literally breathe
don't worry snow I play in you soon just
not right now cuz I don't want to blow
dry my hair I said I blew looking I
think we're gonna get dinner soon
there's college football on which sucks
but I think that's what we're watching
I'm gonna play candy crush and then best
feed some phone hashtag not add further
relaxing weekend I'm enjoying myself hey
it's the next day it's New Years Eve I
did a live stream just a little bit ago
in the snow and I built a school you can
tell that's where I was standing during
my livestream and because I'm me I
didn't stand in one spot and then that's
Joe Bob my snowman is any cool that's
that's Joe Bob I built him on my
livestream because that was the most
boring livestream I've ever done in my
entire life and I was like is spice this
up so I threw snowballs at a tree and
then built a snowman that's how you
spice up life yeah anyway yesterday
after snowboarding we just got dinner
and then did nothing and today we
haven't done much but um it's I slept in
the best feeling in the world is when
you get to wake up to not an alarm like
you don't have to set an alarm and you
just wake up and you're just refreshed
and you're like this the
okay I'll get up now like no one told
you to your phone didn't tell you two
responsibilities didn't tell you to just
your body was like yeah I'm well rested
let's do this business and so I did do
this business
I will why are there footprints in the
front yard well none of us have been in
the front yard there are footprints all
over the front yard but none have been
held there you see those footprints you
see them mother attack I'm bored the
boys are playing video games upstairs
well we're gonna go to dinner soon
because I told them we're gonna go to
dinner soon it's New Years Eve
we've decided not to go out and deal
with crowds and stupidity and drunken
people we're just gonna go out to dinner
at 5:00 so there won't be a crowd and
then we're gonna just come back and
we're going to get sparklers though make
a fire watch some movies in a midnight
that's it it'll be fun and relaxing and
not crowd jammed in my body
happy to the air someone set off a
firework goodbye alright that's it for
this bar I hope you guys enjoyed it I
hope you had a fantastic New Year's Eve
uh let's make 2017 our year be like yo
2017 uh-oh you it's snowing right now I
enjoy it
alright I love you guys and I'll see you
later ok bye
