oh and I'm here okay hold on let me
tweet this real quick around me oh
that's not what I wanted that's what I
wanted
hey guys I'm outside and there's snow
and I'm standing in some snow and it's
snowing Oh
focus on me fairness hello how are you
guys it's Saturday right oh did I make
it up is this Sunday what day is it
oh I don't know what day this is it
Saturday yes I finally got it the last
one of 2016 everybody Happy New Year's
Eve how is everybody um we can do a
hashtag Saturday at Rachel's since it's
Saturday so that works out okay I'm
gonna have to move if this keeps making
me dark it's very cold but I thought I'd
hang out with you guys outside okay I
can't wear gloves and do the computer
that's gonna be an issue okay
hashtag better days I can't spell at
Rachel's is it Saturday or Saturday I
can't remember my own hashtag is it
Saturday's or Saturday guys I don't know
what my hashtag is I don't remember what
my hashtag is I'll just tweet me what my
hashtag is it Saturday at Rachel's or
Saturdays
I think it's Saturdays with an S right
doesn't matter what it is
I'm a mess um so I'm still kind of sick
but it's only in my throat now it's not
really my nose anymore which is very
nice because my nose was getting raw
from blowing it and rubbing it I have
like two little scabs under my nose my
nose so I should wash my nose so I'm
really attractive is what I'm saying I
think it's sad not everyone's saying
something different I want
I think it's an S I think there's an S I
think it's multiple Saturdays it's
Saturdays at Rachel's it's not just one
it's multiple like we've had multiple
Saturdays at Rachel's so I think it's an
S yeah ever oh you guys we need to come
to terms on this because everyone is
saying it's different I'm gonna say it's
an S it's Saturdays at Rachel's okay
we're using that hashtag so if you're
using the other one stop being so
stubborn because you can't hang out with
me if you're being stubborn can I change
the lighting so it's not they're just
moving in the snow crunching everything
now are we together now are we all
together as one open so I'm gonna look
on my phone because that's easier than
my computer to talk to you guys mm won't
go Twitter let me go to Twitter okay
come on refresh there we are
hey everybody Saturdays at Rachel's
click it come on you I touch phone
gloves did it stop being so confusing
listen oh I don't know XX 'no is not x
ena how do you say that isn't it do you
look beautiful petal I'll get it mm
what's your favorite memory from 2016 I
don't know um
maybe going to the haters back off set
for the first time and seeing that all
work that was amazing announcing my book
was amazing other things were amazing
I've made a video of all my highlights
just based off of social media okay
people are saying Saturday's at Rachel's
sounds better it does it does
yeah what was your favorite Christmas
gift no um I have Matt got me a speaker
for my bathroom which I'm obsessed with
because I love listening to music while
showering or else I get way too bored
and I don't want a shower showering is
most boring thing in the entire world I
don't ever want to do it never am I I'm
so excited for the shower never so the
fact that I get to dance around listen
to music at in a good quality makes me
happy
what else did I get I got some really
cool clothes I got a Polaroid camera
that's fun I didn't bring it on this
trip though shame on me I should have
got a new keyboard for my computer for
videos I don't know I got a lot of
really cool stuff I don't like to pick
favorites Aaron the elf's that she
pre-ordered my book Thanks I feel like
this slide she was so boring because I'm
not insane from my cold anymore last
livestream I was a freaking mess like I
was crazy
this is what I'm not so I'm like this is
very calm and boring I don't like it mmm
Colleen got me this jacket I think I
said that in the last live stream I did
it's half an hour till 2017 in the UK
well happy New Year to you what are you
guys doing for New Year's Eve I'm doing
nothing we decided we're like we could
go out we could go to like some firework
show and dinner and get some drinks but
it would be crowded and cold and
annoying so we decided to stay in the
cabin we're gonna go get like sparklers
good night and we're gonna just build a
fire and watch some movies and drink
beer and that's it we're to have that's
our plan our plan is to stay in and have
no other plan I think that's a good plan
I hate New Year's I don't hate it
that's a lie I just hate the
expectations there's a bird I hate the
expectation that you have to go out and
have fun and do all these things like
dancing and getting drunk and stuff so I
don't want to do that so this year I'm
finally no I'm not doing any of that I'm
too good i won
alright guys you gotta tweet me
hashtag Saturday Rachel Saturdays at
Rachel's except I'm not at my house I'm
at my friend's parents cabin did you
snowboard today if so how'd you do know
I didn't we figured Friday Saturday and
Sunday would be way too busy on the
mountains and I'm here till I think
Thursday so we have Monday through
Thursday to snowboard on so we're gonna
do it then because it would be just
disgustingly crowded today also I'm kind
of soared from yesterday's butts a
little sore yeah oh it's supposed to be
snowing from tomorrow until Thursday so
I'm going to be snowboarding in the snow
while it's snowing and I'm very excited
for that I'm saying yeah this last room
was lit it was lit ah what are your
goals for 2017 a dog I want to get a dog
that's the goal
why are you outside it looks so cold
outside I just wanted to be outside I
don't know I'm in the snow I like it's
not looking I'm literally standing in
snow just I never get to do this so why
not embrace it you know also the boys
are watching football college football
and sight I don't like ball I hate it I
eat it so much college football is so
stupid no offense to those who play it
or have family that play our friends I
play it that I really just like it I
think I don't like any college sports or
high school sports I like professional
sports just because they're better at it
so it's more entertaining and more
impressive
would you ever bite a dog no why would I
bite a dog get out of here I'm gonna
read your name it's a bad name you said
that to get attention I'm not giving you
attention
what teams do you hope to make it to the
Super Bowl no team I want is going to
make it so it doesn't matter news
resolutions to get dog it's a resolution
to get a dog
Julia so she's doing nothing to see it's
fantastic no expectations just hang out
watch some good movies eat some food
have fun
I don't have to go out and get drunk in
crowds I hate crowds
I hate them so much crabs suck balls
clean hen if you've got a Polaroid
camera too aren't they fun
they're just fun are you gonna watch the
ball drop tonight
well McKenna Dean my name is McKenna
Dean no I hate watching the ball drop
because it's the least satisfying thing
in the entire world my whole life we
always did things at midnight we'd go
out and do sparklers and bang pans and
be like the most obnoxious neighbors in
the entire world that was always our New
Year's Eve and I never watched the ball
drop because I was more excited about my
sparklers and my banging's of pots and
pans but I didn't care about the ball
drop and everyone always talked about it
like I knew who's the thing that
happened in New York I've heard stories
of people going and standing for like 12
hours and peeing themselves to watch the
stupid ball drop in New York but I never
did it I never watched and then one year
when I was in high school I don't know
what happened but I was home alone so I
watched the ball drop it was the
stupidest thing I thought in my brain
I've made it up because people hype it
up so much I made up that this ball drop
huge ball just explodes and like falls
from there and explodes and then all
this confetti rains down on everyone and
it's beautiful hey if you guys haven't
seen it do you know what it is it's a
giant glittery Paul that's on a pole and
it just goes that's it
that's the entire thing nothing no
glitter there's nothing pops out of it
there's no explosion it's just a ball
that goes Happy New Year like how is
that entertaining
why do people line up for this why is it
so spectacular I don't get it I will
never watch the ball drop again just for
the mere fact that it's the stupidest
tradition on the planet
I hate it so much I just I don't
understand why people like it so much it
doesn't make any sense to me all right
refreshing rich tweets I'm loading right
now screw you I won't load them tweets
all right favorite new emoji oh I don't
care
sorry in it and if there's an anti
innocent so an or did you pronounce it
weird I have not looked through the
emojis enough and I don't care that
often the only ones I send are just like
smiley faces to make sure people know
I'm not mad and more my I'm like if I
just say okay I want to make sure
there's a smiley face at the end so they
know I'm not like okay I want them night
okay so it's the only time I really use
emojis and a middle finger emoji I often
use that one for for fun never in real
terms just in fun terms um but I haven't
looked through them enough to care had
some phlegm to come out of my body sorry
Rachel did you know that you can
actually die from boredom
I tell that's true I mean boredom can
cause you to go crazy and you can die
from craziness but I think your guys's
definition of boredom is different than
an actual definition of boredom I think
like solitary confinement is where
people reach max boredom I don't think
that when your phone dies and there's
nothing good on TV and your friends are
out doing something else qualify
is actual boredom that you can die from
so maybe you can die from boredom but
not the kind of boredom that you guys
experienced kate says she to watch the
ball drop the first time I was pissed
because it would because she expected so
much see it's so stupid people literally
stand for like a full day and don't move
and I pee and poop on themselves to be
near the ball when it drops in New York
ridiculous this is the stupidest thing
in the world also it's freezing there
when it happens hi from Australia hey
Australia Jessica everyone's saying the
ball drop was liberated see you guys
know I'm not crazy
why is the ball drop it's not fun I much
rather be watching a movie Oh someone
hung my poster on their wall thanks girl
I need to come up with new merch for a
new year I need to take down my
Christmas merch does not Christmas
anymore sadly but I need to come up with
new stuff should I come up for with
numerous for every holiday like
Valentine's Day one I don't think st.
Patrick's Day but maybe like a spring
one like Easter and then summer I should
do those are more seasons than holidays
aren't Valentine's Day is a season
that's another stupid season where
you're forced to go feel like you need
to go do something fun I think the roof
is about to leak on me
well icicles are melting oh there's
icicles that's fun don't really
experience those for shouldn't look
straight up at weight so it missed my
laptop we're good sounds good Kaelyn
you're going to your first NFL game
tomorrow I am proud of you that's cool
don't expect to be able to see what's
happening on the field I learned that
one you can't actually see what's going
on you just more than to be in the crowd
are you going to VidCon to us in 17 yes
rain dome over in McDonald randome oh
yeah I'm going to become
marry Mia's with six children please
help oh thank you you can keep them all
son says make a phone case I did I made
phone cases for my Christmas merchant no
one bought them so no more phone cases
for you guys
Fredo says don't be racist because all
you read is the white people tweets
that's what I see can you see the race
of the people the questions I'm reading
because I can't because all of their
profile pictures are not of them also
are youse really reading the tweets that
I see I think you're racist I'm calling
you a racist now take that ah people
when can you announce the tip book tour
dates well Tiffany when I get them okay
I keep seeing this order how can we
order merch in the UK is my Spreadshirt
merch not available for the UK people
cuz I'm pretty sure it was but
Spreadshirt did just make changes that
no one understood so they might have
changed it so you can't get in the UK is
that a thing I need to talk to some
people I know my book is available on
the UK hey ole won't be order on my book
Trump is going to be our president
tomorrow thoughts that's wrong he
becomes our president it's at the 18th
something like that it's not the first
we still got on there like two weeks
before Trump's the president so arena he
whoo hee whoo he is not a president
tomorrow he's just still president-elect
Holly says why not st. Patrick's Day as
an Irish woman I am offended do you know
that America doesn't st. Patrick's Day
the way that we should we don't know why
we celebrate it
we just know that oh we're green and
drink beer this we'd literally don't
know why we celebrate it so I just have
to not talk about holidays that must I
know everything about them cuz I
offended Irish people last year and I
greatly apologize for that so I'm trying
to learn about things before I speak
yeah all right refreshing all tweets my
back hurts
okay bye sorry Daniel why do people have
the tiny little TM like this says their
name and there's like a tiny little team
at the top wasn't mean no I'm very out
of it I don't know what that means
is this the right hashtag yes Anthony
that's the right hashtag did it snow
today no it's not cold enough to snow
today
but it's supposed to snow tomorrow and
then for like four or five days straight
I'm very excited about it I'm gonna put
the sky falling I will not be standing
out here when it's snowing actually I
might Oh everyone's saying it's the 20th
get your facts right hey I told you I
wasn't totally sure if it's the 18th
case is 20th Trump becomes president on
the 20 I'm calm down I said I
didn't know for sure huh they say one
thing and everyone gets up your butt
crack you don't want to get up there
guys don't get up my butt crack it's
very long and it's dark girl us-uk folks
can't get the merch but shipping is the
worst thank you Ilana for the
information I can't do much about the
shipping I do not control that I
literally Spreadshirt you go and you put
your design on a t-shirt and then like
that's the end of it
that's the end of it I'm sorry I'll try
and figure something else they usually
send me things like when it's like free
shipping days or free shipping weeks um
when I find those things out I can let
you guys know so you don't have to pay a
billion dollars for shipping because I
do understand that's stupid
um but yeah I'll I'll look into it I'll
see if we can figure something out
because that is stupid what are you
drinking I'm curious um I'm drinking
coffee that's all a little vanilla cream
in it mm-hmm and I just ate a turkey
sandwich
so now you know favorite breed of dog
Rottweilers pit bulls boxers pugs are
funny but they're not my favorite I
don't think I've ever owned one there
you go
but golden retrievers are nice Labs are
great a corgis really cute ah
Doug's are they're great Dade's are
hilarious golden Shepherds they just any
dog unless it's like this thing if it's
like no when they're this thick they're
adorable
like this big like this baby all right I
know that's been a year yeah Oh someone
got my shirt in the mail what's up
favorite no I still haven't sent out all
that giving away stuff just so you if
you've been waiting for that it hasn't
happened yet just so that you know okay
all right I'm losing viewers
I this live stream is boring I is not as
up to par as the last one was last one I
think I actually was going crazy like I
had like a ridiculous fever and I was
going insane and I hadn't slept in like
three days yeah that was last that was
last livestream that livestream is
freaking lit this one not so much
um her she's hot cocoa says can we be
best friends because I don't have any
sure maybe best friends best ones my
knife am i following you follow we just
became best friends viola no I should do
to a lively later just so I can get so
confused on the best friends forever vs
best fans forever freakin screw that I
hate that girl you you're freezing my
Twitter sorry I didn't I didn't mean to
I'm not a computer scientist I don't
know how things work
have you learned more ukulele since
Christopher taught you I fiddled around
with it it's it's not something that I
easily pick up um and I don't like the
bet I feel like people that are really
good at the ukulele are people that are
really good at singing and I just need
an instrument to sing along too and so
ukuleles pretty easy to pick up so they
picked up the ukulele so they can sing
along since I'm not the world's greatest
singer I don't feel like I need
something sing along to so I'm less
likely to pick up a ukulele and start
strumming away does that make sense this
is what I've noticed I'm waiting for the
booger tissue it's not going to happen
my nose isn't super runny today I did
cuff up like you guys get those mucus
balls they're like this big and they it
happens like right after you're sick
like all the sudden you're like cough
wants to know oh you just feel it at the
back your teeth let go get it up a
little bit and it's just a green orange
yellow mucus ball and you just have to
spit it out it's disgusting what
happened to me today I was glad I was in
the shower yes right down the drain you
know have to deal with it they taste so
gross remember things
it's not boring you must be bored this
is entertaining you favorite kind of pie
well Parker my favorite pie ever is a
strawberry rhubarb made by Kelly six but
I always love a good Apple I'd love a
good peach cobbler I don't know if
that's technically a pie is it do people
count cobblers as pies because like to
me I do because they seem like the same
thing but there are bakers out there
that get angry when I compare the two
but any cobbler I think I love uh but I
think strawberry rhubarb and Apple are
my favorites the Mageau twos they're
good I'll have a good pumpkin every once
in a while okay it's all our Ava I don't
know but aren't cookies in Killeen says
best motor 2016 and it's me when my
watermelon exploded and wasn't on camera
screw you someone says I will leave ok
Beth bye people say no don't leave I'm
not I never said no did I say I'm
leaving I'm just saying you're my views
are going down I was out like 1500 and
now I'm at 9:30 I'm boring you I'm just
telling you I realize that I'm boring
right now but I can I made you a ball I
don't think these gloves are waterproof
I'm gonna get very cold so on how do you
make a snowball why does it keep falling
apart okay I'm gonna throw it ready for
my snowball attack
wait how do you make a snowball
oh wait that seems pretty good right it
seems clump together my view East Coast
people are laughing at me that's a good
snowball that's a good snowball buddy
the elf would be proud right I don't
want to hit my computer with the
backlash
I missed the tree I made a good snowball
but I missed the tree I hate that tree
like a mother if I could stay dry just a
preview clubs do you think I could build
a snowman hold on one little snow me oh
my snowman didn't work very well
hold on I got this
I built this snowman well I'm just gonna
keep that there let's call him jo Bob's
my snowman's name is Jo ba and he is the
real star here hey that got me up 50
views snowman Jo Bob Dole Bob Dole oh
man did you guys like that is that more
entertaining are you not entertained
sorry that's a reference I don't think
you guys okay hands are cold that's
always fun that's good oh I am posting a
vlog tomorrow um it said yesterday and
today I don't have enough footage
yesterday to post this day that's the
live stream but I'm a post tomorrow of
today and yesterday then it's a big
enough blog for you got it okay let's
see how much you guys made fun of my
snowballs and snowmen just one snowman
great so got skills
yeah I do how do you feel about fifth
harmony splitting um well Julia I tried
to read up on it and it just was so
boring and it's a lot of we will never
actually know what happened so I gave up
cuz that happens a lot do a snow angel
girl not in these clothes I'm literally
wearing sweat pants
they look like tights they're not theirs
 pants I would get so cold can we
make a snowman together yes Jess we can
make a snowman together if you want
I love Californians same Jonathan who
are the worst come to Canada for
snowboarding well Amy and I were talking
and when Colleen has to go shoot again
probably I don't know where she's
shooting probably in Vancouver again why
is the lighting so weird anyway um we
want to go up to Vancouver and snowboard
cuz doesn't snow still exist like why
why lighting why can't
annoying thank you so snow exists for a
really long time there right so
everything while she's filming we go up
it's no border than visit that's just
happening in my brain so pages email
good gloves hashtag add hashtag not add
I didn't even say the bread unless I say
the brand then I had to say hashtag not
it if there's no brand mention you know
it's not an ad right I hate when I'm
talking about something or show
something in the video and I'm like I
never said a service I'm like this cup
thing yeah I'm obsessed with right now
it's really fun and then I everything
I'm like I didn't say the name I didn't
say anything about it add to this this
is this is how you do that this is I'm
gonna walk into the screen this is how
you know if it's an ad wow I'm so glad I
have my red thermos mug that lasts for
up to 18 hours hot or cold this is great
link to buy one below remember to use
the coupon code Rachel
hashtag ad that's Matt this isn't
actually that this is actually not
hashtag ad out although just telling you
that's that's how you know something's
an ad and I'm getting paid to say it
versus I'm like I like this cup that's
not get mad at me for talking about I'm
like am I just supposed to say no brands
ever am I supposed to act like nothing
exists I just be naked all the time cuz
closer is parently a sponsor to calm
down so I don't think I've done a
hashtag ad since no honor so sorry about
my rant
please forgive me refresh the French
family does these hand things we're a
hand family we talk with our hands we do
things with our hands okay this happens
this happens this happens things happen
okay
it's our hands
who's your favorite sibling don't worry
we won't tell not call us hany not hynny
they're called you penny does anyone get
mad when you're like I'm really hungry
and someone's like hi really hungry I'm
Bob and you like screw you people send
me pictures of their snowman's they've
built listen you've probably grown up in
snow I did not that's my first snowman
I've ever built on my own and jo Bob is
gorgeous everything is hashtag I know
everyone shakadou Nutella chocolate like
gonna tell us cool and all but like I
don't understand the huge hype around it
I really don't it's good but it it
doesn't do everything that chocolate can
do chocolate can do everything you think
it chocolate can do it Nutella it only
has a few things that can do so screw
you not screw you I do like you
but I think talk it's more versatile so
I'm gonna go chocolate erin al says
let's all change your Twitter name to
Joe Bob do it everyone Twitter will be
so confused it's not watching this live
stream snow has existed forever yes okay
correct good job I don't get it Abbi
Scrooge she said quotes why is the
lighting so weird maybe it's cuz you're
outside listen little punk she's outside
I better lighting than inside shouldn't
it shouldn't it beautiful like it's
never existed
hashtag ads you look so tired
wow thank you I actually got a full
night's sleep last night I'm just not
wearing makeup never tell someone they
look tired
has never benefited anybody in existence
what does that do if I'm tired do you
think I know I don't know that I'm tired
do you think it's a compliment why on
earth would you ever tell somebody that
they look tired
unless you're mom trying to convince
your child that they shouldn't go out at
midnight and play with your friends like
no you look tired you need to sleep
before school that is the only time only
mothers are allowed to say that you're
not you should never say that to a
stranger how would you feel if someone
just looked up and dick you felt fine
you're like just going strong feel good
it sounds like wow you look tired how
does that make you feel just does that
make you feel good or bad does that make
you feel like oh I guess I'm gonna
conquer the world does that make you
feel like oh crap I look like crap like
why would you tell someone that why
would you ever tell somebody that I know
I'm attractive
I like my face with or without makeup so
screw you that's okay to tell people
it's never okay to tell anybody because
it's never a compliment it's only a
negative thing no one wants to look
tired people who spend millions of
dollars to not look tired just had to
say that the end Joe Bob is amazing yes
he is how many trees are behind you way
too many to count
I was about to cap but there's probably
more than ten so that's wait till they
trace to count why do people keep asking
me to give them a nickname I don't get
that why does everyone want a nickname
like why do I
do it that's a lot of stress to put on
someone that's a lot of stress but I
give me a nickname now I nicknames come
from northern summer for real and time
and my closely knowing them and like it
like I know we're close and all but like
I had to spend a lot of time with you
before I can give you a nickname cuz if
I just give you one right off the bat
there's no way my get it right on the
first try and I don't want to be wrong I
can't give you one
I'm sorry everyone say my name to Joe
Bob I love you guys so much
no I go Lisa
what's this no his name again I forgot
Joe Bob is Joe Bob I actually knew
someone named Joe Bob he was from know
he was Hawaiian he's not from Hawaii he
was from like LA I don't know cuz very
confused by his name so that's right
stuck with me okay have you ever skied
no Chloe I have not snowboarding is all
I've ever done and it was only recently
guys I'm trying to read you guys stuff
my hand doesn't scroll very fast you are
so sassy today well when you say things
I get Massassi I'm gonna be sassy
Newsies games take a shot for you it's a
good game you get really drunk that's
what you want to achieve have you ever
been in an earthquake Ida Johnson yes I
have as a Californian that's the only
thing that we experiences earthquakes
not a huge one and I usually sleep
through but I have been awake for a
couple and it's usually is this an
earthquake
yeah earthquake oh no that wasn't as
quick guys
that's is usually my earthquakes entail
I know that they are they happen on a
larger scale but I've never experienced
a huge one they seem super scary and I
hope I never do experience one but I've
only experienced like tiny little ones
that are like the ground kind of moves
in some windows rattle that's about it
the neighbors are probably very confused
oh my computer's about to die it's at
24% and it turned red and it's stressing
me out I'm gonna log off because
everyone's no one's watching this
anymore there's only like a little less
than nine hundred of you left so I'm
gonna sign off cuz clearly I'm boring
I'm not hyped enough right now now the
coffee has not woken me up but I'm glad
we built Joe Bob together should I keep
him there should do something with them
should I try and make him bigger I'm
gonna try and make a huge snowman but
I'm gonna vlog it later I just got an
email I should check that all right I
love you guys I'm a sign off you're all
beautiful thanks for hanging out for you
sorry I was kind of boring but I'm just
not crazy I don't have a crazy fever and
my head's not all up in the clouds right
now which makes me boring I guess but
you're all beautiful and I'm glad we got
to hang out for a little bit and I love
you guys so much and all the things okay
mmm that's all for now and I'll see you
tomorrow at the vlog okay bye
