hey you what's up everybody
um I'm tweeting about this is it it it
is tweeted I don't have a hashtag for
this business
no hashtag you can start one if you'd
like okay um I was super sick and so I
didn't vlog anything yesterday I just
laid on the couch watching new girl I
have been watching new girl I'm like the
fourth season now that's what I've been
doing it but a so I didn't have anything
to edit and post for you guys so I
decided to do a live string it said also
I missed you guys a lot and I need to
announce the winner of the what I give
away yesterday dart is I did enter
talking my teeth
I just ate salmon there's nothing in my
teeth about anyway how are you guys I've
missed you all right hashtag Rachel
needs medicine is the hashtag that's the
first thing I read Dasha I think that's
how you pronounce it that is the press
says that's the hash tag so hash tag
Rachel needs medicine try sing Rachel my
dad is making me go dry sick do you mean
driving dry are you driving or is your
dad driving is he making you can just go
on long drive oh my gosh I hated that as
a kid but parents would make me go on
drives with them and they just drive and
do nothing but what I don't wanna sit in
the back of a car they would do that
when we'd go to Hawaii my mom would be
like let's go on a drive I'm like I
don't want to go on a drive I admit a
Hawaii yeah it's pretty what's going on
height I want to go on a try so if
you're gonna that kind of drive I'm
sorry for your soul but if you get to go
driving like you're learning you got a
drive that's cool go do that anyway
it's sometimes I miss you I miss you
guys so much
I debated saying this or not
but what I miss live-streaming but also
I'm excited this is I want to just come
out wrong I'm excited to not do
giveaways anymore because my whole
Twitter feed has just from people saying
like their favorite parts is like blogs
and stuff which is awesome and I'm glad
you guys enjoyed the clogs and you guys
wanted to participate giveaways and I
was a whole point of it but I'm excited
just to have my timeline back to us
communicating with each other you guys
like talking to me and stuff I I feel
like that is comes out so wrong but I
want I I miss you guys I don't I I don't
want that to be taking the wrong way but
I feel like I've missed you guys um and
I really feel like that came out the
wrong way but I hope you guys take it
the way I intend it is that like now
that the giveaway stuff is over we can
like hang out and be friends again um so
I says Tuesday's I'm Rachel's yes
Tuesdays I'm Rachel because Rachel
doesn't have a vlog for you and I
apologize I'm seriously gonna try and
keep vlogging every day but I don't know
how much you're able to keep it up so
I'm gonna go visit people who who aren't
internet people and it's weird to just
be like okay everybody now I'm vlogging
you but act normal just about going on
anyway alright
I'm looking at the hashtag Rachel's
needs medicine listen I took dayquil and
it upset my stomach and it refused to
take my quo because that I have weird
dreams so I'm going medicine Alice
because I don't like it I don't like it
at all I'm in a group text it's just
blowing up right now Oh group text can
be like the best things in the world
because you're like heck yes you guys
are hilarious I love talking my best
friends but then sometimes I'm like
listen I'm trying to play my phone games
stop listen to me
like 90% of time is awesome but oh that
10% one being a lazy butt and just want
to be on my phone some butt oh uh what
do you think about grapes with seeds in
them get out of my face
I never wanted it's just rude and I
don't like it it's why would you so that
no one bites into a grape expecting a
seed and the nodes happy when they
receive the seed in their mouth but it's
just gross
don't like it wait Christian were sick
too I didn't know I'm a terrible sister
oh I like your jacket
Thanks clean got it for me I did film
about one minute of a vlog and it was to
show you guys that this pocket this
jacket has pockets on the inside don't
look at me I'm a tissue pile right here
that's what tissue pile is not gonna be
good sounding or visually pleasing vlog
sorry what's happening let's go back on
Twitter latest Oman tops on them we're
gonna look at the latest what are you
noticing tour dates Oh for my book tour
I don't know yet I'm still talking on
the publishers they have that haven't
gotten back to me about that sorry
do you put water on your toothbrush
before ask Keith based on I put
toothpaste in the water I know that it's
bad or whatever but that's the way I
like it so sure sure yeah and I please
in 2017 I accept what's your favorite
shape of pasta bowtie
cuz it's fancy it's a bowtie turtle
trash justice I just got here what'd I
miss
nothing absolutely nothing you've missed
nothing uh does not know how much we
love him
I tell him sometimes I don't want to
scare him sometimes I let him know where
everyone's telling me where to go and
book tour listen I don't know I don't
make the rules
it's where every where's the most okay
but I don't get to choose I can give
suggestions which I already have Oh what
is happening favorite type of muffin
common tapas no linen poppy seed
delicious oh I need to sneeze that's not
gonna happen it's one of those it was
one of those terrible ones do you like
art when I understand it
animals listen I once asked an artist
what makes our art and she said it
anything can be art if you want it to be
and I'm mad at that no artists though
like listen you get what if I listen I
barely talk about this because I offend
artists when I talk about it but if I
open a gallery I can literally put a
bunch of tissues in glass boxes and put
that all around the gallery and be like
it's art and then some artists know I'm
not gonna do quotes they're artists
artists come in like I feel it I
understand she's talking about and they
start making things up no I told you
tissues
glass box but it's art because I just
excited it at its art and then people
start trying to find meetings this is
ridiculous this is ridiculous
I don't like alright I get so angry at
it my best friend's an artist things
like this that I'm like okay that's cool
she didn't paint that that's fine at
Target for like 12 bucks
so shall paint things like that I'm like
okay it's nice and then she'll paint
other things and I'm just like I don't I
get this doesn't mean anything like it's
just paint
that one I guess like has some objects
but sometimes it's just like one line of
paint Oh Mike that's not a masterpiece
that's a line of paint like that was
accidental like you accidentally spilled
some paint I get in fights with her
about all the time respectfully oh sorry
my rant about art some art I understand
there is a convertible towing something
and it made a lot of noise and
convertibles are not supposed to be
throwing things sorry I heard it going
from the apartment to that and then I
saw out the window and it was a
convertible showing something and it was
weird and it sounded wrong because it
was wrong anyway sorry uh why do you
look like wait why do I look like a
 witch I'm glad you
didn't cuz I could say it thanks girl
but I'm sick and you're so pretty thank
you I had to put on a full face of
makeup today because I had to film that
toy video I posted on my main channel
earlier gymnastics
who's like are they gonna comment about
the fact that you're not wearing makeup
yeah he's like well that then if you
want to deal with that but that's
totally fine I put a full face of makeup
on for you guys this morning
but otherwise I look like a dying
squirrel as well
I'll Felicia says do you enjoy the
pictures of my pit bull that I said to
you yes I do I enjoy them very much I'm
pretty sure I talked about them on a
lively cuz you always send me pictures
of your pit bull by a Christmas tree and
I talked about that on a libel you two
weeks ago a week you know I don't even
know know it's someone's donkeys
birthday happy birthday black lab what's
your favorite cereal mine's Froot Loops
oh you know it was Cinnamon Toast Crunch
when I was a kid and I still love to go
back to it but Jack Apple Jacks are
delicious why are all our cereals filled
with sugar I can't believe that cookie
crisps are a nutritious breakfast what
are we doing why are we doing that it's
just little tiny cookies in milk that's
dessert somehow we marketed it into
cereal for children geniuses just
geniuses where are you sitting in my
living room this is my couch nuts in the
office I was watching TV this is my
sixth spot this is where I hang out I'm
sick I have a little fold the table
right where you're sitting on I got my
couch reclines when you're not sitting
there might use tissues there my unused
tissues there my phone here my phone
charger here I'll set those sorry were
you guys have you hate the noise of
someone sniffing and it was like just
below your nose you won't slip wrong I
sniff more I blow the nose and then I
keep sniffing and then stuff will come
out and just drips out of my nose if I
don't blow my nose and I just sniff for
five minutes straight and then
eventually stop for a minute sorry
let's keep target by the way miner
hashtag Rachel needs medicine adult how
do you like your chicken fried roasted
and where do you like to get chicken
is a trick question sometimes you guys
ask me some really great questions and
I'm like I feel like this is sexual or
inside joke those are numbers not
getting like it's something going around
the internet and I'm just not internet
that day and have no idea what's talking
abouts
so I'm always afraid to answer this
question so I'm not gonna get you
cheating question cuz seems pretty
sketchy to me I love the pictures you
guys is hitting me but I can't talk
about them because you guys can't see
the pictures and talking about so just
so you know I see your pictures and I
appreciate pictures but I cannot speak
of your pictures because people can't
see the pictures and this is gonna see
Matt's family tomorrow I'm gonna be a
mess okay can you get up without coffee
yes I actually can umm I don't like to
but I'm able to you know people asked me
to say things my phone for it I don't
wanna I'm not saying it cuz I'm not
gonna fall for it are you wearing a
onesie or a jacket I'm wearing a jacket
there's the pockets
besides haha bout to say like six things
and then none of them came out of my
mouth do you still play Sims
no but I thought about it
today and I almost did and then I was
like no that is a pic that you do not
want to fall in right now so I didn't
play it - I have someone said raindrop I
don't really know that means you good
Rachel
Katie you know I'm not good what's the
earliest you can get up and depends how
much it's paying I bet that we cover
like 4 a.m. for some jobs enough oh
don't like it but I'll do it if it's a
responsibility um leisurely though like
if it's just stuff I'm planning on my
own like I can't wake up at 8:00 I don't
like it
rather wake up at 9:00 but if it's a job
or whatever I can wake up any time or I
could just not sleep at all which is
sometimes what happens cuz I'm like nap
gotta wake it before I am not as well
just stay awake and sleep what I get
home from the job so talked about my
booger booger this have a really red
chapped nose yeah do a book or tissue
giveaway now and you're not gonna grab
book of tissues scared you use my DNA
for something I don't like it
so like the ideas when will your
Christmas decorations be down tomorrow I
leave under like January 7th or
something and then I'm here for a couple
days so that I go to Seattle for a few
days and then after that so probably
mid-january I'll take everything down
yeah I probably have to get it rid of my
tree before that though cuz my apartment
complex has a tree getaway up from me
day disposal the foamer dogwood it works
a tree disposal day this jacket is so
fluffy but I'm so hot I got to go
if I don't dispose of my tree on their
disposal day which I don't think I'll be
able to do is me out of town you don't
have to pay 50 extra dollars to get it
disposed of um
but I think I could just take it to a
dump and though I have a truck I come
and hand you so much no I came back to
this what's your favorite present you
that you got this year who I don't know
awesome stuff I don't think I have a
favorite you don't but I don't want to
take a favorites cause that'd be rude
yeah no what's your favorite cookie from
the annual boundary 50 party this is so
basic and solely because we make no I
don't make so I don't do anything
cooling Stephanie my mom let me clean
this year but they make all such amazing
desserts and then phenomenal and they're
like ridiculous but I have to say I
think my favorite thing is rice krispie
treats and it's so basic and it's so
lame but they do so good and they don't
make me feel like I just ate 12 pounds
of sugar and it's on the overload of
sweet they're just so simple it's so
perfect I don't what those prepackaged
rice krispies treats business get out of
here get leave
I want homemade ones I'm a mama or my
sister or my cousin makes that's what I
want in my tummy
always know okay now you're just making
rhymes rain drop drop top hitch Hills
nose won't stop stop I haven't seen his
rhymes around I don't know what it means
but okay
can be gone until next year I love that
joke I always loved that joke just when
I knew I wouldn't see someone in two
days but in that two days it'd be a new
year not always but I see you next yes I
thought it was a funniest joke in the
whole wide world for a few years and I'm
talking about like three years ago I
thought this might be the sexiest
livestream anyone has ever done you're
welcome huh your brows are so nice well
thank you Elaine you suit them myself
fav tissue brand please I like a good
Kleenex these these are just normal
Kleenex I really like the cool touch
we're the ones with aloe in them those
are my favorite the cool touch ones
feels so good and the elements I need
because I've just rubbed by those rocks
is it just thermal they're actually
ultra soft but it's just a tissue to me
but I might clean this I didn't even
know if there was other brands until I
started chopping myself the washers done
it just clicked Kayla says you know
we're family when Rachael shows up or
knows truth let's check it for me in
high school after lunch meeting my
friend I've always walked the same
direction you would always do teeth nose
makeup and then behind check something
we'd always do a check for each other
all the way to class after lunch good
friends the true friends right there
yeah what was the rest of the day the
Cheesecake challenge like Oh Miah Miah
that cheesecake chatted with Colleen and
Cory it was so gross
I'm seriously after like the third bite
I'm done but I just felt disgusting I
got like a sugar high and it wasn't fun
and then I crashed hardcore and I didn't
want to eat food the rest of the day but
I was also really hungry but I don't
want to put anything my body except felt
like I was gonna throw up Andros Joe eat
that much cheesecake I never even when I
have cheesecake
just like one slice of it I don't even
finish the whole slice and I had what
was it thirty one bites of cheesecake
which sounds more I don't know it
doesn't sound like a lot I think but it
is a lot I promise are you guys still on
Christmas break obviously you are but
how long is your Christmas break what do
you order on your pizza well Laura my
favorite pizza you ready for this if
we're not going to Rusty's in Santa
Barbara which we usually we aren't I get
my favorite is this is weird
just trust me a little bit pineapple
artichoke and black olives done get out
of my face it's delicious boom leave it
is my favorite and it sounds disgusting
but I love it and then I what was it we
were from a place and Jon's boyfriend
Ron was said like activating the
pineapple and he added like mushrooms or
something like that and it was it was
amazing I can't remember the exact
combination that was very tired when it
happened but it was delicious
no all right refreshing go to the
hashtag load the hashtag and it's frozen
ah did you give up on name's Rachel
listen else Alicia
you know I suck at him and I also ii
remembering to say them so she uh
how much I stopped you guys you will
never know so much just say sometimes I
see things and I don't even say things
just so you don't know how much I do see
but I see everything and if I don't see
it someone tells me about it not even
one of you guys just people that are
friends with me they're like did you see
it I'm like no but I act like it I don't
know that's a reflection of 2016 tune in
on Thursday I don't know I think you
have a fever mom she did offer to drive
down and make me chicken noodle soup
speak some Spanish no ha it did it get
it cuz no in Spanish is no in English as
well
season yo need that okay okay
what I am listen I'm gonna say this in
it's weird when I when I speak Spanish
words
I try and have a Spanish or Mexican
accent when speaking the language
because then I feel like I'm saying it
better but at the same time I feel like
wrong for doing that because in the
world doing an act someone else's accent
is like making fun of them or is
slightly racist but that's not at all
I'm trying to like speak the language
but I feel like I have to use the accent
which I think they speak in to do the
language correctly but then I feel bad
maybe that's one of the reasons I fail
at learning other languages is because I
face is learning oh that's terrible
anyway but I don't know I don't want to
offend anyone ever so I feel like but I
feel like I want to say the language
correctly I'm gonna pickle why do people
say that what is being in a pickle mean
I think it'd be silly if you were in a
pickle just a pickle I'm gonna sneeze
but it's not gonna happen in my eyes
it's gonna water
sneeze darn it it's not happening no
tsukai wipe the tears from my eyes the
tears of sickness its adness get a dog
listen Kay well I just can't right now
let's just face hmm people are saying
they hate cheesecake I assumed someone
said you got high
no wait talking about your fact I'm from
what skipping skipping that everyone
saying that there was here talking about
drugs what I said a high sugar high so
much writing about guys like take one
sentence isn't just suck them Oh
everyone saying I hate cheesecake are
you saying cheesecake and then it didn't
hate cheesecake because I had good
cheesecake so stop eating the bag she's
cake and eat the good cheesecake the
fruit ones are my favorite yeah go
raspberry good strawberry all open up
business ha ha ha
grace and I made a macho themed
gingerbread house I don't know I know
you can't show the picture but hello how
it's a beautiful gingerbread house I
don't know how its natural themed maybe
I'm just crazy but it's beautiful and
you have beautiful faces and I'm glad
you guys hung out I like when you guys
hang out with each other
I like what internet friends our friends
in the face to face to face uh how are
your knees well animals my knees you're
fine right now but that's because I'm
not doing any strenuous activities like
squatting or snowboarding or basketball
or being a horse while children tackle
me that happens
the same names bo listen Tiffany don't
tell me what to do all right my mother
star don't like being told what to do I
just need so loud and I scared my mom
good do that um Rachel we have to do
that before you go out now know what I
don't get it
Rachel we have to do that before you go
out what are you talking about Jessica I
don't know what you're talking about
what is the next learning Sunday well
you'll find out Kalinin Rachel hearts or
do you shop for groceries well Maddie
today I went to Whole Foods for
groceries and I saw Victoria Justice and
that girl was chewing gum wildly and I
with this girl's chewing gum loudly I
think I'd know her face oh my god she's
still true income why do I know her face
that girl won't stop chewing gum bitch
is all across the store and I can hear
it that's Victoria Justice anyway today
least I think it was her it might have
better look like don't seem like her
okay stop sitting Victor's of puppies I
get distracted
listen just I'm refreshing I'm sweating
I think I have a fever
Tammy says I'm watching her space sing
to me you can't be watching hairspray am
me at the same time there's no way you
can give both of us your attention and
split attention means no attention
because you're just stressing out your
attentions actually going the amount of
stress you're putting on yourself by
trying to watch some things at once
never days
Oh everyone's dressing it up because I
said macho everyone thought it was
natural I don't know I don't know what
you guys have called us that's what my
ship name I just okay here it is
everyone probably says Rachel normal I
don't know how you guys say it but I I
say yeah how do you guys say it I don't
know how you say it you say macho but I
thought it was May chill what's the true
okay listen I say natural watch what I
say I just read it I don't know it's a
difficult name but I will say I think I
see natural I see macho macho do I say
Marshall I don't know what I said watch
what I say Marshall and that's because
my friend my friend once who was dating
a man named Michael what'd she call him
she called him natural nachos for some
reason I don't know I'm confused
you've confused me just as a mess you I
don't know how it said however you guys
think it said is how it said because I
didn't make up the ship name you all
made up the ship thing so I'm just rocks
you guys say how you say it and then it
said then I'll just tell me in person
when I meet one of you in person tell me
how the ship name pronounced so that I
know that was never consulted on this
who's just happened I need to pull my
nose are gonna work though
plug your ears
ah we all need to confer on how to
pronounce by shifting huh Kate since
they come to our house she has soup I
had soup today it was not as a meal it
was a thing coz I needed to eat some
chicken
I had what soup did I have chicken
tortilla soup and it was delicious but
it's not a meal see everyone's saying
that they pronounce it differently guys
we need to have like a group discussion
on how it's actually pronounced cuz it's
stressing me out how do you get
motivated to work out girl I don't it
worked out forever and I've lost just
it's a lot of work I need to work out
again it's hard to find a motivation it
really is I don't know I don't get
people that do it every single day like
do it how did they do it you're a thing
Mitchell just say rats so it's easy for
everyone
mag I don't want my name to be rat
come on Devin same h 'l I don't know
what people are saying
Renaldo just ask me if I've seen Luana
hashtag head yes for a hashtag ad but
it's not hashtag ad now's livestreams
not hashtag at its not check not at but
yes for hashtag ad I've seen the walnuts
so ginger said you were sick and on your
periods how have you been doing it's
difficult but I'm living I'm still here
and I'm present and it's happening but
yeah not the best I mean if it weren't
for Christmas it would have been a
terrible week it's Rachel with an end
mate she'll may talk ever it's like it's
mutual is it mate so is that how we're
pronouncing it is it mate she'll I need
to have a pole on
Twitter and then remember way cuz I feel
like I've seen a pull before and I click
on it I was the only one I click on that
answer everyone else like natural is it
natural and it sees again Rachel but
spell marshall's does it meet Witter
pull later everyone can just get on the
same page
okay what happened I went to refresh how
did I end up on Rachel's awesome Twitter
page what is happening what is going on
someone says bless you
Thank You grace thank you very much my
cousin I'm laughing I'm sorry
Darryl's cousin I'm sorry everyone's
saying mate role is in mate role as a
Mitchell girls music on your faring does
not feel good no it's scary
Rachel its Mitchell
Rachel Rachel with an M Rachel I heard
it this is difficult you fill my heart
with happiness
Thank You Allison you do too oh it's
pretty
okay
guys I think it's Mitchell I think
that's one of those it's Mitchell my
friend used to pronounce it Marshall
before I would had a ship name she
called her boyfriend Marshall so that's
what I say but it's Mitchell are we all
on the same page now this I am losing
viewers like crazy
it's conversation also probably because
of waste and sniffling okay Morgan says
what's your favorite word mine is
caramel or is it caramel or do you like
that name because it confuses people so
do you not actually like the word did I
say name I meant word I'm done with this
conversation
exercise baby Ballinger thoughts are you
talking about Brooke are you saying that
the new ones coming in May that's my
brother and sister-in-laws is that we
should I'm that baby bounce it what are
you talking about the only big Bellinger
I know about Rachel has like bola right
why do you say that why did that happen
to me I don't want that someone
Photoshop my face onto a pickle that's
now I know what it's like to be in a
pickle what does it mean I don't
understand what it means to be in a
pickle a pickle jar those are tough to
get out of because the jar lids are hard
to unscrew get into the pickle jar but
being a pickle itself getting inside of
an actual pickle ridiculous saying who
made these things up shows been
consulted
Rachel okay our own saying it's Mitchell
okay guys it's a made-up ship name face
closure ears my nose hurts so bad it's
wrong I need to get the cool touch
tissues not poking them on face queens
as EMS get yourself together girl oh you
think I'm not trying you think I like
being like this I am trying I had the
Airborne's the waters the soups
the zai something or other that makes my
stomach hurt
I've had it all day quill no doesn't
feel good for me are you dying we are
all slowly dying Zoe all of us that's
morbid okay
refresh our conversations Oh someone
sent me the phrase if you are in a
pickle you are in a difficult position
or have a problem to which no easy
answer can be found the word pickled
comes from the Dutch word pickle meaning
something I don't think it's good it
doesn't help me do you know any twenty
one pilots songs probably but I don't
know the song comes on I'm not like oh
this is this artist I'm like oh do I
know the words or not yes I'm singing to
it no get off with my station give me a
song I know it's very hard for me to
learn new songs switcher there but
although them
everyone just sent me the definition of
been in a pickle Julia said when you
cost my sister said are you watching a
youtube video with an animal that's up
for debate
yes miss teller yes in this state I'm
not a human being
Lindsey wants to know what my phone
percentage is that is this is a trick
question
so 29% this is a weird question unlike
that question stuff has to be weird
questions now I'm just freaking out
about Ebola we don't stop when we're
getting a baby Rachel bounder no no big
this nope it is not going tens of the
years and don't have the time or the
energy or the patience I would slap a
child if I had it oh my gosh I can't
believe I said something I'm right now I
have to delete the live stream it would
never suck a child never but the feeling
is strong in me which means I shouldn't
have
I should shut it no I erase it I take it
back
that was gotcha april fools happy
opposites day at this moment in my life
I feel I'm not a musician to be the best
mother I could be therefore I'm going to
wait until I grow older and wiser then
maybe one day I will be blessed with a
child how about the stretch marks I
already have so many and just had a baby
it would just be all the stretch marks I
did the video with the babies but they
have to come out little holes like this
big in there but this big scary I don't
want that right now maybe later
no don't do this right now no business
yeah that's on Fitbit it's what you like
go for it
go home right look you're drunk I am
home and I'm not even drunk I'm
crazy I'm this is sick Rachel my brain
doesn't work knew I would not slap a
tries never don't do it
violence is never the answer just the
fact that maybe if I even have that
inkling of a desire I should not have
one right now that's the thing
and I don't babysit no call Child
Protective Services there no try out
here
okay so let's thoughts about this and
it's my sister pulling your pants off
and she just has underwear on clean why
are you storing all of your bits to
people keep the clothes on your shoulder
brought another video in this difficult
on gotta leave some links to the
imagination are no one's gonna learn it
anymore
this original that is not okay listen T
I'm aware I'm aware I said something
that IV I have to leave the livestream
there no I can't even do that
can you ever hold in your sneeze why
would I want to do that to everyone I
love sneezing and I get angry when I
need to sneeze and it doesn't come out
of my face I'll have to pee I'll be
right back That's not me saying I'm
reading it results due to the new
refreshing Rachel your brains killing me
right now
I never will just as the same things
that I shouldn't dissent we're all
friends here right
try vapor up for your cold it'll help
where do I put it some people say put on
your feet some people say put it on your
chest when people say put it on your
nose where do you put it there's so many
places
my butt is sweating I'm sorry I've moved
positions and what I did but I felt that
it was cold and some beach I have no
idea what just beeped I have to sneeze
it's not gonna happen no it's one of
those annoying ones no slapping boobies
so what's up Rachel it's December
what does that even mean yes well we're
it's December then I say it wasn't
December Oh am I going crazy cuz ya'll
thought I was on drugs earlier too
what's happening meg says I love that
stretch marks are worried are they not
for people to people not worry about
stretch marks maybe if you never had one
they're annoying I feel like they're a
worry and the fact that they are worried
means I'm not prepared for the
pregnancies see someone called me a
savage yeah do you think under is
sickness oh nothing can be a halt held
against me I'm not in the right state of
mind
lawyer I used to watch Law & Order SVU
tonight I didn't like the stapler left
that doesn't like it I didn't so I
stopped watching it sorry
yeah why are you speaking like me when
I'm myself Juliet why are you not by it
why are you not yourself always what is
it wait Larry don't run why are you
speaking like me when I'm myself I don't
still think my brain works when I'm
myself why are you know
always yourself we should always be
speaking like you that's just a fact are
you trying to be other people be
yourself go be yourself
Juliette you better not announce your
name differently than Juliette because
if you do I'm mad at your parents
because there are ghosts in your
apartment i'm lianca bells I don't think
so I think I figured it out because I
people I just I was thinking about it I
think it's the vapor aromatherapy thing
it's just like right here and your
tongue can't get there anyway I think
it's the aromatherapy thing teenie gave
me it it turns itself on and off and it
beeps I think because I think I heard
her earlier in the office and then I
noticed it stopped vaping so I think
that's what it is I think I'm not a
scientist though I'm at set it up not me
someone says you put a vapor rub on your
forehead and your feet you're up on your
forehead that's ridiculous
you're trying to trick me you can't
trick me okay I'm gonna try and
pronounce your name ASV eyes nope not
doing it that is it weird to help your
nose your red nose put some car mix on
it that sounds like a car cleaning
product but then I think you're talking
about it's in a tiny little thing like
this and the bottoms white and the top
is yellow is it I'm making this up I
don't know Rachel I think it's a bad
time I think you're right Haley but it's
only 9:00 and no I don't wanna go
yeah how many dogs do you want
well a little queefs opossum why your
name why are your opossum what are you
doing I read it so normal the first time
like yeah that's the thing I should read
this sentence to answer I want all the
docs but I'm probably only getting it to
actually gonna get three but Matt
doesn't know that yet plug your ears
what did you say Carmack's are they
derived in the store yeah you're all
gonna be a little pulse and take
screenshots I'm Rudolph the white nose -
reindeer listen you can make fun of me
for this but it stops the drip edge and
then also simultaneously stops the
sniffing and the nose blowing so this is
a present to your ears
so nip lip on the mommy text to me hold
on I like your shirt thanks mom my mom
bought minister for Christmas Merry
Christmas
yeah hug everyone had your Internet's
your computer like it or your phone I
don't know what you're watching oh it
came out of one nostril get back in
there refresh ah it was itching I think
I got it off put vapor road under your
nose that helps a ton everyone's telling
me to put it all over my body
sure I just take a bath in vapor rub and
car mix is that what I'm supposed to be
doing gonna need to get over this
curanto I'm going to the drugstore after
this the pharmacy store because y'all
think I'm on drugs right now I'm not I'm
actually on 0 the drugs and
that's why I'm so loopy uh-huh sledding
why are you laughing this isn't funny
why do I stand Ella you got a laugh at
yourself and I'm laughing at me you tell
me this isn't funny I'm a hoot I'm a
darn tootin ooh
so she face ella ella hink yes right how
would you things I'm not funny and but
she doesn't know why she's laughing or
why she stands this is why although what
the three flips why Harvick's everyone
okay I'm gonna get some comics and some
vapor rubs and take it back in both of
them and then I can take it back isn't
on my period I'm really freaking gross
to take a bath away on your period
unless that's what you do then how you
do I'm not judging but like how many
views do i yes I have I've gone up 17 so
the last time I checked why are you guys
watching this this is disgusting okay
but it's been like almost eight hours so
I'm gonna probably head out soon I'm not
filming my vapor rub bath nasties I'm
not gonna consider myself an owl I'm not
going that far I'm not doing it but I am
a hoot rain drop drop top have you ever
done a belly flop I have I be the queen
of belly flops meaning my sister used to
force me to do them so I did do them and
they hurt and it wasn't fun ever I don't
know why I did it
Naidu schooling forced me to yeah
don't take a shower and vapor up I'm
never gonna take a shower in vapor rub
we're talking about why are you not
paying attention and I'm not putting it
in my machine you guys need to calm down
about where I'm putting this vapor ruff
calm down
put it on your chest under your nose
okay so this is why pot you put it on
your feet and put socks on you put it
under your nose put it on your chest and
you put it on your forehead but I don't
believe that one and then you put Carmex
on your nose I'll do all of those I'm
gonna smell so go go the mayor yeah all
right go to VidCon next year yeah I'm
planning on doing permit book tour at
VidCon so I'll have a meet-and-greet at
VidCon hopefully don't mark don't that
don't mark my words is that what I'm
trying to say because that is being set
up private publishers and VidCon and I
have nothing to do with it so those do
need to figure it out I'm just over here
being like yo can you set it up hey
please and then I don't know what
happens yeah everyone's taking pictures
of me with my snot rag in my nose
thank you I'm too tired what is hm you
mean how much
universe here my underarmour google it I
don't have the brain hm you here's my
other where I don't want your underwear
give me that HM you hold my unicorn why
is this theater net why is that the
first thing that comes up he's holding
my unit hit me up that makes more sense
but I'm gonna keep it as hold my unicorn
I like that one I also like here's my
underwear but not in this situation I
don't want you any with yours underwears
neg I didn't take any pictures of you
I'm a good child thank you you're a good
one good egg
I'm not sending out my snot rags or
weirdos squishy pickles the walk
seriously why are these your names
called me daddy lean really Lala Lauren
oh thank you you sent me pictures of
Carmack's know it car mix not car max
car max is a rental place for cars car
mix is for this nose any trips plan for
2017 well Jenna I'm going to Seattle
haven't booked my flight yet let them go
in there and then it's noon that's all I
have on the books I don't plan very far
ahead cuz times change
well it's constantly shifting you never
know what's gonna happen next you just
kind of gotta go with the flow one month
out is as far in advance as I will plan
cuz seriously things change so quickly
that you printed in and then this is not
better than that say how much cold
medicine in your system right now are
you guys just changing your names on me
on purpose
well deep throat I took a call earlier
in the day and it didn't sit well in my
stomach and so now I'm not on any of it
but I think that's actually hurting you
more than helping me why is your name
deep throat just why Sabina says eat
Vegemite clears my sinuses you don't
have that here you live in Australia
correct
we don't have Vegemite or the other one
what's the other one
there's like the rivalries this the two
mics that are the rivalries I don't its
Vegemite and something else mirror might
mega might something like that I think
it's love with them I don't know well we
don't really have that here we just got
symptoms or alo behind all the time
Sabina you don't want to send me the
candle right it's in my bathroom I lit
it today it smells good from what I
could smell yeah you guys are so stupid
I love you so much you say that is nice
and say possible obsessed with you guys
I miss this and this live streaming I
wish miss chatting with you
guys I've mislead oh I need to give away
that dart thing so that the giveaways
can end this is the final ayah okay
first thing I see about the dart wins it
didn't use the stop mm-hmm
I haven't seen anything yet why are
people pitching staffs any pictures of
me photoshopping pregnant stream Mara my
that's the one mayor might Mara might is
the one tampons or pads I use tampons
yeah well so it's mayor might thank you
everybody
all right uh there's a faculty there's a
happening it happened all right they
just kept tripping I got straight A's
I'm not stupid
good job good for you I'm proud of you
good job getting straight A's you're
working for that and I appreciate that
and I'm proud of you good good job do
that I know that's hard and that can be
very difficult and I'm proud of you
good job getting straight A's genuinely
I like when people work hard a good work
ethic will take you to all of the places
no one's ever like they got a good work
ethic that's annoyed that's a bad trait
no everyone be like they've got a good
work it's good that good is in the word
the sentence I like it thank you thank
you for working hard and getting
straight A's
I'm proud of you Simon Says dark Tammy
said it Tammy if you haven't already won
something I don't think you have Tammy
following you you won the dart you're
the first person I saw anything about
the tart this is how we're doing this
giveaway usually I look into a little
harder but Tammy is the first thing I
saw
Tammy deeming you know Timmy Timmy sure
Ronnie Ronnie I'm typing it out you won
the dart give me back your
dress by the way I haven't sent out
everything yet I'm still working on the
poem and the story you know there's some
other things I have to send out I don't
know why I'm counting them because I
don't have an exact number so these
counting's are pointless um I will get
it set up I'm so I'm sorry it just
hasn't happened yet it will happen
I have not forgot I have my bag I have
my list it'll happen
okay Tammy you want it I also wasn't
falling it's hard to follow you hmm all
right back to this okay giveaways over
I'm sorry if you didn't win anything I
apologize I will ran in to get things
out throughout the years I only owe in
225 and there's so many of you I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I feel bad please don't get mad at me if
you didn't win never win anything
I have truly apologized don't hate me
please okay okay now that that's done
packing breathe so far Oh someone sent
me a picture of me with a statue of baby
elephant thank you okay
hashtag right oh I can just click on it
I was about to use my Apple TV remote as
a mouse so that's where I am
educationally why mentally that's the
word I was looking for gosh darn it I
think it's happening to me I still have
lick leaf thank you Lala Lauren thank
you for having that lick leaf haha honey
I need to go to bed go to bed no you
said psych got me good you got me so
good why do you hate me I don't hate you
Tim please same yeah so missus please
change my Twitter
so what do you want to change like the
Jets part or this or the sex Ballinger
part oh my god that's when you refer to
your Twitter name are you talking about
your handle or the name like mine's the
names right to balance your the handles
miss our baller so at each my right eye
likes to twitch for a long period of
time after I cities and I don't know why
hey Matt will take me the close one I
can walk to closes its soonish but it's
still open I should just walk there okay
I'm a man in this livestream so I can go
walk to the store um I get a vapor rub
and Carmack's and tissues okay I love
you guys thinking out with me for like
an hour who through on the streets um
you beautiful I love all of you sorry
for the things I have cited the slash
troops that may have been taken
offensive or wrong or just that were
wrong or but they were like I apologize
for the words that come out of my mouth
during the livestream
I regret parts of them don't man and we
are turned me in to the authorities
I don't even know what the authorities
are I have to go be a sane human being
tomorrow that's not gonna end well okay
I love you guys so much you're all
beautiful people and just I'm obsessed
with all of you and I miss you all so
much
okay the end goodbye for not Oliver I'm
not if you're all just dropping the
views are just driving I leaving let me
guys backs
