Santa Claus is coming into town
stay the garlic a little town Santa
Claus is coming to town
sorry about that it's Christmas Eve
sounds coming tonight guys I'm still at
my apartment
I'm leaving in four hours to go to Chris
Byrne Jessica Szohr seed party and then
driving my parents and film the awkward
Christmas song thing with Colleen we
have a song picked out we just have had
zero time to film it so it's going up on
Christmas because hey better Nova on
time that never it's there's no
technical time in which that videos
supposed to go out just every Christmas
season and Christmas day is Christmas
it's the most Christmas day of the
season I'm trying to justify my video
going up a little late anyway I have to
edit it toast today's vlog which has
zero footage in it I have just been in a
couple of vlogging wise but I figured
out I might do a livestream about it but
it's possibility also I would just like
to talk about the fact that I left my
toothbrush in Santa Barbara that doesn't
know but I haven't brushed my teeth in
24 hours and it's stressing me out can
you
my teeth are already yellow there look
at that also can you smell my bad breath
I've been using mouthwash and floss but
it's just not the same
oh I heard eating an apple helps I'm
gonna eat an apple and I'm at
Christopher and Jessica's house alright
I gave my camera to Christopher my song
technically so I may don't take mine a
pear
I'm filming a better-quality now this is
darker to me there we go hi you guys
trying to pop that like it's bubble wrap
oh he did it
nevermind I take my judgement back
Christmas and Jessica's was lovely now
Colleen Stephanie are cooking for the
dessert party a Christmas tree
Oh Colleen's very proud of a Christmas
trees those are quite epic I must say
better than my Christmas tree research
thing oh hey
they were good all you think about is
like if you actually try to serve them
how they have these fingerprints in them
your DNA on every single reason this
isn't how people want me what to eat me
anyway so my dad and I are doing the
cleaning the boys are doing the washing
including Gus Gus he's watching TV he
likes watching TV I'm just trying to
organize it's really hard to organize a
tiny little house when there's a million
people in it and a million presents from
everyone else that I've know who's
watching my kazoos I'm doing it I think
my mom's in the back wrapping presents
all right
so Bailey gave me this ornament that
says 2016 on it she made it herself it's
a little Christmas light and I promised
her I put it on my parents Christmas
tree when I got back so here it this is
for Bailey so Don's on thumbs up I can't
get it get on I did it there it is
that's for Bailey all right Quinn and I
are about to film our annual awkward
Christmas song it's 11:30
this is I think the latest we've ever
filmed this oh well so sorry you're not
showing green I wasn't there with you
don't bounce we hit it didn't commit
like that much it is so weird
I like there's a wall oh my gosh we just
finished filming that was a mess good
Christmas that's the first one I'll put
a present
sweet marks on my face you do was very
young killed day see my dad got me
coffee in the correct mug all right we
just finished opening presents it was a
glorious time I got some really cool
stuff I got a bunch of stuff for videos
so the family knows well well but now
Cooling's put her cat in a sweater that
my mom got him and like a good mom
she's taking 600 pictures he hates it
alright we are at Stephanie's house for
breakfast as always and there's dogs
don't expect anything less no this dog
we could be gay I love your outfit today
you know what to do with that big fat
butt wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
why elephant and white elephant and
Stephanie's is my favorite than ever
having to let's see what I get I got the
thing I brought which is a mother warmer
cuz I always drink coffee and then leave
it out and then what go back to an hour
later and go let this a cold my mom's
making cookies for the dessert party
tonight yes please cook no little
Christmas miracle we're getting ready
for the cookie party dad's cuttin cleans
cuttin clean made these moms cleaning
trance playing with presents and Matt
and I'm barbecuing so every year we
usually go to Carl's jr. for all our
food like we wake up the presents go
over to Stephanie's eat a chicken tamale
and then come back here and just go to
Carl's jr. a couple times throughout the
day until our Christmas party but we
always feel like crap after he rose jr.
but we have the kitchen just packed with
dessert so we can't cook a dinner so
we're like Matt's gonna be here this
year let's have a barbecue so that we
don't feel like crap afterwards and we
can actually enjoy our desserts because
usually our stomach hurts so bad from
Carl's jr. that we can't eat any of the
dessert and it's sad so you're changing
it we just ate barbeque Oh delicious
definitely the right choice because now
I can eat desserts but the party's not
for over two hours and I feel like we're
done with everything I think this is the
earliest I've ever been ready for the
party I'm vlogging now hold on there I
am
I asked Rachel to throw some trash away
and she said a few blog yourself mom I
turned it on all by myself thank you
I'm gonna show you all the cookies oh
yeah yeah they're not ready I got in
trouble holding these are the newest
edition don't show there's an order to
it apparently and me holding this as
part of the order you were going so slow
yes the process don't trust the process
I'm not she's almost done now is it done
romance reasons I
you
my cousin Adam got us these nerf guns
and we're just shooting things in the
cat chases them
okay so Andrew gave Adam what are they
called
well this isn't a utopia 360 it's the
got the goggles that you put on to see
things and we did bounce to see I don't
know but right I'm very skeptical about
a customer commercials never say what
it's happening they're just like these
families really think it's cool and so I
want to try it and see if it's cool that
is ridiculous what in the world and you
feel like a fool when you wear it I
believe you all right I'm gonna try this
I don't get this Merry Christmas
I'll be a grandma no no I don't get this
look at the farm you know the kohlrabi
over what is the Fox saying oh he's
licking
oh he's stretching we did it oh there
are birds
there are birds when I'm flying do you
there's nothing it's a cute idea it's
cute cute cute cute cute cute cute cute
cute cute cute cute cute cute cute cute
cute cute yeah yeah anyway you can stop
yet pulling up me an insta camera what
is this
it is a Polaroid into Maps app all right
that's the name of them yes right on the
fourth of July right and you took
pictures of all the fireworks with you
would see them really well in the
picture these are really cheap to buy
too
I'll get expensive here you want to
shake it I don't share well okay okay we
can take one you don't take my up a
Christmas tree all right
six seven eight hey to the end of the
night might walk knocked over water ball
I feel like I didn't fell much I was
just chilly it's so many people were
super hectic but I was just like chillin
sitting the whole time just hanging out
so like wasn't anything crazy to film I
had a lot of fun it was a good Christmas
I got to see like everybody which is
amazing sorry that this vlog is combined
with Christmas Eve but I didn't want to
edit and post a vlog on Christmas sorry
I wanted to give you guys both Danis and
I don't want to be too isn't it behind
so anyway I hope you enjoy this
Christmas Extravaganza and I'm gonna try
and keep daily vlogging but I don't know
how much it's gonna happen so yeah but
I'll try I love you guys
Christmas is amazing I hope you guys had
a good day be grateful for what you got
love you oh to give away stuff cut to
that Merry Christmas Christmas is over
it's the next day but life is still
great now we just have to look forward
to next Christmas anyway to give away
stop the person who won the 2017 is
greater than 2016 side is Coleen's gingy
on Twitter Oh ginger hello thank you and
in the last giveaway guys I'm giving
away one more thing this is the last
giveaway thing of the season of the year
so you know the darts that Matt and I
are playing with those guns my cousin
gave me oh well when we got back to the
apartment we started playing with them
again and then one landed on top of the
toilet seat but like the toilet seat
cover was dead
but matt has decided that it's too
contaminated to keep so he told me to
throw it away but instead of giving it
away so if you would like this toilet
contaminated he didn't go in the toilet
like the lid was down and landed on top
of it as we were running around the
apartment shooting each other it's not I
I don't find it gross but Matt finds it
gross so he's making me get rid of it so
I'm going to give it away to someone so
if you want this germ not really
infested thing don't pees on top of the
toilet lid like I don't get the problem
but please social media out this video
with your favorite part tag me in it I
love you guys so much
again I'm gonna try and keep daily
vlogging I just don't know how much I'm
going to be able to anyway that's it I
love you guys so much and I'll see you
later bye
