oh good morning that how are you this
morning
oh good I'm a kitty cat I want you to
get sure nice job pretty oh you hear
something I had to clean himself
afterwards he's the only thing making me
not want to pull my hair out of my head
so I got a call from the place that's
doing my truck they're like we got the
parts of this morning but they sent us
the wrong parts so your truck won't be
done till after Christmas I'm not a town
until like mid-january I'm so annoyed
have to go pick up my truck today
without it being fixed at all and it's
been in the shop for three days now what
were they doing with it joyriding I'm
checking the mileage when I get that
truck back nothing I don't even know
anyway I'm annoyed that I have to go
back to LA to pick up nothing basically
and then stay there and tell Christmas
Eve night I'm so annoyed okay goodbye oh
I'm so pissed so I was texting Matt and
like I was like what should we do like
should we go pick up the truck they said
it could be done by Monday
and cuz the chick on the phone the
receptionist was like Oh we'll have it
done by Monday love Oh blah I just
called and I talked to the mechanic
himself and he was like oh we haven't
even ordered the right parts yet he gave
me an estimate of $400 okay that's
really he's like so we we ordered the
wrong parts and it looks like he would
be about $1,700 to get the right one so
we're trying to find it cheaper for you
I was like what was the point of the
appointment what was the point of the
estimate why didn't you order these
parts when I made the appointment he's
like oh you you know we're just trying
to find the right parts and I was like
I'm picking my truck up later today and
I'm not coming back to you guys to
cancel the whole thing okay if that's
what you want I'm just so pissed I was
like most point of any of this like my
truck has been with them for three days
and they haven't touched it I am so
angry so I mean I'm just gonna have it
like it's not like the car's not
drivable it's just got a crack in the
bumper but I'll just get it fixed when I
come back into town in the middle of
January and go
somewhere else and I'll I know how to
deal with the now I'll be like here's
the car order the parts and I'll come
back when the parks are ordered this is
just so annoying anyway I'm still in
Santa Barbara but I need to leave and be
out of here by 1:00 to get there and
pick up the car before they close down
I'm so angry so annoying
alright bye I was in a really bad mood
and then my mom what's in the peel box
pick up the stuff and Rebecca brush
smudge you spray she sent me a huge box
I'm gonna open it oh girl you just knew
this is all I needed a knife a little
love can we just talk about the
beautiful cushioning our bags and the
radiant kind they're the best hashtag
not add we're gonna keep my feet toes
curling in things but it's on a canvas
and it came with pen - that's an
elephant that's actually really cool
thank you so much Rebecca I love you
you're awesome
Merry Christmas and thank you for making
my day better I also just got a beanie
from love your melon
they give 50 percent of their proceeds
to kids with cancer so they make cute
little beanie so I'm gonna put it on now
thank you love your melon here's
information about them if you want it
screenshot it look my dad's wearing -
love your melon he looks good hey puppy
hey puppy got a puppy hey puppy hey
puppy hey puppy this is so I have to
leave Santa Barbara right now is to go
pick up my truck and then I'm not gonna
come back here til Christmas Eve night
so stupid I'm so mad about this truck
anyway I'm gonna drive home in the rain
I'm gonna put my blog camera away
because I should not make her plugging
in the rain and driving oh yes hello
little beans I am home in my apartment
I'd rather be at my parents home I
picked up my truck still broken but I'm
home I'm doing a little bit of work I'm
gonna go to the grocery store I think
that's my life Christmas Eve is tomorrow
Santa comes tomorrow night we were just
forced to take the truck out because
look at all of the rain and the flood
what are you doing California
for Nia is pretty lame and we don't
prepare for rain ever so when it does
rain it's like a hurricane because
everything just floods because we have
no drainage at all I'm going to the
grocery store goodbye oh I'm closing up
this blogger I know that it was a
complaint vlog again I know what my
trucks at the end of the world
I know there are bigger problems out
there but I'm all had to be a little bit
annoyed all right and I know that our
light trinkle rain is not a flood and
it's not a hurricane it's just annoying
that California doesn't have a drainage
system so when it rains it's just super
annoying again I know it's something for
the world 100% personal problems
just thought I'd preps that but just
having a down day so I said talk to you
guys about it you're my therapist okay
uh anyway to give away the person who
won the Christmas bow is Ally critter on
Facebook I commented on your post can
you if you could message me privately
your address unless you just want to
tell the world your address that's your
business not mine but today's giveaway
everyone it's like complaining about
2016 sucking so I thought I'd draw a
2017 is greater than 2016 side-looking
2017 is freaking lit 2016 please yeah
boring if you want to win that sign
social media out this video and tag me
in it and I love you guys and tomorrow
is Christmas
oh gosh Christmas I love you guys thank
you later
thank you
