it's almost 6 o'clock and this is the
first time I picked up my clock camera
today go Dodgers I'm at my parents house
I'm here for the night I'm just here for
literally one night I'd uh I want to be
here for Christmas season but I still
have to go back and I have to pick up my
truck and do some more work before I can
come back for Christmas fully it's sad I
know but we're just hanging out so gross
Hey
babysitting with abacus we're at Keaney
and Simon's is this my camera it's a
good question
pretty mean sighs I sold Rachel's camera
it's because I just wanted to play like
to this is so much better than my camera
I hijacked your camera for the first
time in this house Blagh Blagh Blagh
Blagh Blagh this is all I do I just I
just do this on my kids speaking of
which I haven't blogged in about three
days
Hey
I just ate a lot of really good food but
now I'm exhausted from to you did you
drop this conversation bouncer at me
cupcakes in the code and has just
covered the entire cone and frosting oh
my gosh
you guys wonder what I like I don't know
how Rachel doesn't have a sweet tooth
like before I was like my husband but
she's upset some cookies and cake she's
always talked about you can come save
some cakes and cookies all the time like
it's not just me and no I trained myself
up I used to shake when I got hungry I
used to shake like crazy and then Matt
researched it and it was like I was on
the verge of being diabetic yeah you're
the person being diabetic so I need to
stop eating sugar and you want to take
his mud shivering my dad shakes 24/7 dad
you're a proudly diabetic dad is dying
actually know a lot about diabetes so
I'm not making fun of people with it my
best friend has it okay bye hey okay so
giveaway time I know that vlog was like
short sorry but you should have been
spending time with your family
I am your family that's what I'm doing
anyway
the winner of the Burton's sticker is
pages email at Ballinger z-- TBH on
twitter and the green hair tie goes to
Colleen's wolf on instagram if did both
of you I love you guys thank you for the
things all of the things and today's
giveaway come with me come on following
this is so lame that I'm doing this to
hold on I'm gonna get
away this little bow that's been on my
tree
all season by the way that tree is
smelling good we've here Scott it looks
like yeah it smells like Christmas tree
okay and now my gosh Christmas it knows
it knows it's Christmas is soon anyway
so if you want to win this little bow
that was on my Christmas tree all season
let's weed out this video with your
favorite part tag me in it I love you
guys so much and I will see you tomorrow
Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah Hanukkah
starts tomorrow right and then Christmas
is the joint
okay
