good I just looked outside and there are
two giant fire trucks what's happening
what's happening I don't see an accident
hi the middle of the day on Wednesday
I've been up since mmm eight seven eight
in between those two hours but I have
not filmed anything because I woke up
and I took my truck straight and to get
the bumper fix and they were like okay
well or the part it'll be a few days I
was like what what why what I I brought
my car in to get an estimate and then
made an appointment to get it fixed why
on earth didn't you order the part when
I made the appointment so you would get
there when I took my truck in for the
appointment so I left my truck there cuz
I like well it might actually get fixed
today we just don't know if the parts
there mmm and then I took it over home
cuz we don't have a car because my Mazda
is still at the mechanic
I took my truck in and Matt's car just
is like a piece of poop it doesn't work
ever but we want to take it back to his
parents house cuz it's technically
parents car and they were like we'll
take it you don't use it give us the car
back he's like okay we have to get it up
there so we decided to take his car to
the same mechanic that I did my Mazda at
so he'd get an oil change a little
tune-up whatever so I over back people
from the Mazda tire place called me like
hi come pick up your car and I said okay
cool
so Matt's like okay I'm gonna go see if
I get my car to start his car starts we
started driving his car every time he
takes his foot off the gas his car just
turns off oh so we had to restart his
car he'd to turn his car back on I think
it was nineteen times on a three by
three hey anyway so we took his car and
got my Mazda my mom's is great it's
perfect it's fantastic came back here
doing a little work I'm getting work
done
today's my work day and then the
mechanic just called me they said hey I
can't get Matt's car to start
yeah I don't left it before why are all
three quick cars being a butthole this
week so I haven't heard about the truck
I'm gonna call them in about an hour
my Mazdas back and it's fine Matt's cars
at the mechanics who knows what's going
on with it he said he'd call me back and
he hasn't which I think means he got the
car to start cuz I told them the
possibilities of how to make it work why
am I telling the mechanic kind of made
cargo start anyway that's been my life I
thought I'd say hello I will film things
today
I've just been stressing out I I really
recommend here it told me something that
wasn't positive he wasn't being mean or
anything he was like oh by the way this
failed as well and I literally just fell
on the floor if I crawled up in a body
just gave it comfy yeah we just lay on
the fourth like 20 minutes that I have
suspect trying to block out the world oh
my phone is doing great though and then
Matt got me a coffee and I'm working but
oh good news uh UK pre-orders happening
for my book that's amazing I got that
news my book is done I loved all the
pages I've submitted I saw it they sent
me a PDF of my book it looks beautiful
so I am done
my hands are wiped clean that's been
wiping my hands off but you know I
usually use both hands but once holding
the camera so the UK pre-order I'll put
all the links below I'm gonna get back
to working I have three videos to edit
and then I'm gonna film two more two
videos a day I was working and then I
was like I need to take a break Twitter
so I went on Twitter and someone tweeted
hold on I gotta get to it I'm using my
left hand on the mouse someone tweeted
why does I look exactly like mr. baller
here and I didn't read that caption I'm
just scrolling through and I glanced at
that picture and I was like when did I
take that picture when did I get those
sunglasses what's happening and then I
read the caption and I was like who's
Ally what is this this is it me That's
not me
yeah that's Aly Raisman the Olympic
gymnast 13.33 anyway it took me a moment
and it freaked me out still freaks me
out cuz if I were still just a glance at
it like I am now it definitely looks
like me okay going back to work still in
the same spot just hours later so it's
5:00 and I went to call the truck place
to be like hey where's my truck
well they're closed even though they
promised they'd call me today I've been
too nice all these mechanics on tow
trucks and people I need to get angry
but Matt just got me dinner and I'm
gonna edit some more work okay so Matt
and I checked the weather daily because
we never want to get caught without a
jacket if we need one uh we're really
labeled people but the weather forecast
today was sunny no chance of rain
supposed to rain like tomorrow evening
is pouring outside right now men if you
care Matt is making me one the balcony
so you guys can hear the rain again you
guys don't care about the rain here
who's even sound that bad but I just
think it was funny that Southern
California weather men don't know what
rain looks like and can't forecast a
flood it is actually flooding rain ups
are falling on my head they keep falling
but there's one thing
I know
the Blues they send to me me won't
defeat me
it will be I think I genuinely love all
the seasons like I love when it's hot
and sunny I love what it's warm and
cloudy I love when it's cold and cloudy
I love it's cold and raining I just love
everything I love all the seasons I'm
imagining I just had Chinese food but
Denmark cuz you guys really care about
what I eat but I'm gonna edit more now
okay house try and suck that back up I
don't know why but I just ended up
spitting on my wrist and for I'm really
smart hey guys sorry this video was so
boring and there nothing happened and it
was very complaining my bad no I'm gonna
no still wanted to get away in
tomorrow's vlog I'm just trying to get
this up before midnight
I go to bed today let's slow am i giving
away let's find something at my parents
house what can I find I'm giving away
this hair tie but I just found she don't
tell my mom I stole it from her bathroom
sorry mom hopefully you don't watch this
part of my block anyway this vlog sucked
so you don't have to tweet out your
favorite part just be like hey I want
that on my social media and tag me in it
I love you guys a lot and I see tomorrow
my
