let me tweet it bloop
how y'all doing tonight today this
morning this is evening this afternoon I
don't know where you are and you're all
gonna go mad if I don't say what time it
is in your place I only say what time it
is in mine
hello no one's here so I'm merely just
being rude to myself hold on I've got a
sad chat that I'm doing this apparently
I'm live streaming right now see this me
I'm live quality content they're
happening right now
swipe up house they're 17 people
thank you 17 people think it's fitting
2017 17 that's nice Oh cup see if I can
copy this time yeah daddy copy late last
time I wouldn't cop the link okay attach
the sap prettier no no okay what is that
guys I'm having fun it's on snap no
color no no yes
done uh it's an earlier livestream than
the last few have been for sure you can
think that for that he was like you have
to plan what time your live stream
Mitchell hi that was earlier today also
I was working with wood glue
I got wood glue on my fingertips and it
like made my skin
disappear and I thought it was dried
glue on my fingertips but it's actually
my feet my skin like had disappeared so
that I don't know
don't put wood glue on your skin that's
what I'm trying to get at don't do that
um anyway how's everybody doing
did he do okay
it's first part lives from everyone just
saying what time it is for them good
glad dude so what are yours come on
tweet me let's have fun no one's
tweeting anything fine then I'll just
chitchat by myself my dog is sitting
next to me eating a toy I bought him he
destroys toys in four seconds no toy
lasts longer than 30 minutes with him
and I bought this toy at Target on a
whim it was 50% off and it's just a rope
which he doesn't really enjoy ropes that
much but there's three like Christmas
light bulbs like there's fluffing that
had squeakers or the shaker things in
them and they hung off the rope there's
three of them I was like okay I'll get
him this and he loved it and he's on
he's destroyed two of the lights and
there's one left but it's last it's like
three days which is amazing cuz usually
either gets bored or destroys it so the
fact that this is so going I'm happy
about it and what's sad is that I can't
get a new one because it was a Christmas
thing at Target and it was half off so
they're gone
that's okay well let's through it and he
is they're gonna have if he gets hyper
he has no place to run this is my office
currently so I believe it or not I clean
some of it today
I've been cleaning all day and playing
Sudoku but mainly cleaning all right
refresh the twits
eighteen thousand piece puzzle we love
smart people someone gave me that I'm
gonna ship that to me Tommy palm Tommy
sent that's me
well I can do you farted he has been
like I haven't changed his food or not
what's up
he was some really good for like three
weeks of no farts and then all of a
sudden so rude anyway once I build a
dining room table I'm gonna bust that
puppy open excited for it I'm not I
can't guarantee I'm gonna fit I'll
finish it it just may take me a really
really long time
also I'm
so she measured it out and it's gonna
she was like it's gonna be like the
whole floor I was like that's impossible
I can't what's a normal amount of pieces
for a puzzle you just double that let's
see
thank you is it a normal puzzle go up
against here pull up pull up quality
content quality piece and no you're
right 18,000 pieces that's I was wrong I
thought it was 1,800 its 18,000 wow
that's gonna be a my house I'm not I
thought I had that math I did not have
that math that's a big puzzle if my mom
is right it's gonna be like my entire
floor it's gonna be Wow all right well I
might need to build a really big dining
room table this I can't do it on the
floor
my dogs gonna eat it is this how you
tweet yes ELISA Blais does what I got
for Christmas town's 2017 Finn please he
only got three things he got a Rams
Jersey from Koli or my mom I was dead I
don't know what President was from who
sorry I was completely dead on the couch
I don't know who gave him the Rams
Jersey because a Rams Jersey and then he
got an elf toy that he already ate and
then his rifle roof toy so it wouldn't
be a very long video what are your
predictions
18 I don't know should I do a 2018
prediction I feel like every youtuber
and the mother at the beginning of the
year does like recap of last year or I
don't know they do a video with YouTube
well it used to be it's not as much
anymore you do videos based on what time
of year it is uh and I feel like I
should do one that's either recapping
2017 or predicting 2018 but don't know
what you guys would rather see so let me
know what would you rather see
predictions or recap okay did you do
know hashtags right no cuz then you just
have to take more and I'm just gonna
look at my notifications anyway I know
I'm supposed to but I don't care do
predictions do predictions ever insane
predictions alright I'll do a
predictions one that's what I'll do
you're welcome
are you coming back to Hawaii anytime
soon I was literally just there I go
once a year so I'll be back next year
but I mean in 2018 it'll probably we
always go in like November December so
that's that's Hawaii time for us that's
usual have you tried snapples
time I asked you on a live stream last
year have I tried sec honey I've had
Snapple a lot did I say I didn't have
I've never tried sample cuz I've
definitely had Snapple in my life
multiple occasions are you feeling
better yeah I'm playing leather the flu
was 12 hours of throwing up and then
being super weak and having no appetite
for about two to three days and now I'm
all better everyone's all better so I I
stopped throwing up on Christmas I
started on Christmas and ended on
Christmas and then I've just been like
this the last few days but I'm fully
back to normal I'm still trying to get
over my cold I had a cold and then
almost kicked it and then I got the flu
and my body was like putting the whole
cold on hold
dealt with the flu and now it's like
okay back to dealing with this cold so I
wake up every morning with a lot of just
yellow gunk and a sore throat but it's
slowly getting better
it was only like a sore throat a little
gunk today so immune system is trying
very hard its I appreciate its efforts
New Year's Eve plans no it says New
Year's plans I know you meant New Year's
Eve Olivia um nope I have none I'll
probably end up going over to Colleen's
but as of right now I have zero plans
and I don't care to make any I don't
like I never have fun on New Year's Eve
and I mean I Valentine's Day is always
just like boring to me cuz man I both
hate romantic stuff so it's like when we
do romantic stuff let's just kinda get
awkward like this is not us and so we
don't like doing big things the
Valentine's Day is all about being like
romantic and slower like this is -
holiday so we've decided to basically
not celebrate Valentine's Day and New
Year's Eve is one of those things are
your pressure to have fun and go do
thank but it's not a family holiday
Easter and Christmas and fourth of July
my whole family gets together for
everything and so those are fun holidays
for me because it's just a family event
New Year's Eve we don't do what none of
us care no no mr. doing anything and so
the years even has always been such a
holiday for me that I'm officially just
over it and I don't do anything for it
again : my text me a New Year's Eve be
like hey why aren't you at my house and
I'd be like okay coming but that's
that's the extent of that and I also
don't drink so getting drunk I never
understood people that got drunk on New
Year's Eve because they're always the
same people that are like I'm gonna over
the next year I'm gonna start fresh I'm
gonna be the best I'm gonna rule the
world and they wake up the first day of
the new year and they're hungover and
throwing up I mean I never understood
that
but tweets the room clean has no plans
though yeah exactly so she'd just be
like hey come over I'm like hey okay
what's your new year's resolution I
don't have one
I'm using my phone data to watch her
livestream because you're worth it worth
it no get off of your Dana hook up to
some Wi-Fi or stop watching it is sad
when you run out of data it's not a fun
thing to do check YouTube comments no
every time I do it is very scary place
very very scary place I don't know why
everyone on YouTube comments bare roots
it probably wasn't a coldest beginning
of a flu no no Alyssa I caught a cold
from doing meet-and-greets where was I
Santa Cruz yeah I didn't eat green Santa
Cruz got it got a nasty cold and that
was six days before I got the flu and I
got the flu from someone else I know who
though the flu get her I know who I got
the flu from so they were definitely two
separate things completely not related
also cold do they normally lead him to
the flu I've never had that it was the
last book you read
my own I don't know no idea I think I'm
time to read I have time to read I have
a stack of books I should breathe I
don't get to it
where's blaze right there but he's busy
is it cold in California no but I'm
wearing a massive jacket because I can
because I want it to be cold it was it's
been like 80 the past three days what
temperature is it oh it's 56 right now
it gets down to about 40 something at
night yep
there is rain in the forecast Friday
it's supposed to rain that is amazing
that's magical yeah it's in the 70s the
next week with a slight chance of rain
it won't rain
that's too far advanced for it to
actually be true how many dogs do you
want your life
oh you select two dogs at a time I mean
so constantly be having two dogs I mean
there might be a third lap over you know
just put two dogs at a time so
eventually soon hopefully within a year
or two he'll get a sibling once he calms
down a little bit which can take a while
but once he calms down a little bit get
him safely do you watch black mirror I
saw the first season and I wasn't hooked
like everyone else was everyone really
likes that show oh yeah coming oh I
didn't even know wow she'll get some
treatment tonight I wasn't super
addicted the black mirrors I don't
understand what the whole loop Dubois
was I tried I watched it I guess it's
just not my genre I don't know what to
ask same Kayla
doot-doot-doot yeah that tada
yeah that's done yeah that's done yeah
so sometimes I just get caught up with
the music in my head
where's Matt he's in the living room
watching TV he's the one that invited me
to livestream multiple times today so
thank him who do you want in the Super
Bowl
the Rams Rams Super Bowl guys my team my
football team is really good this year
they've sucked they what last time
they're in LA they were in LA for a
while they won the Super Bowl before but
then they moved to st. Louis and they
stopped and then they move back and they
sucked first season and then we got a
new coach and we have like the youngest
team ever and we're whooping Tyrone's
butts and we made it into the playoffs
and we're probably gonna lose tomorrow's
game because we pulled all our best
players so they don't get hurt so I
already in the playoffs so there's no
reason to like go hardcore but I'm just
saying the team's doing really well they
could potentially get in the soup bowl
nice perk I burped I didn't even realize
it what did blame its blaze learn while
you're in Hawaii nothing I had a bad
experience with the training camp he
went to but he's all good and we're all
good you've got the light bulb ah buddy
okay he got the light bulb off of his
rope and now there's a hole in it so
he's not allowed to eat it anymore
you're not the Rope you know this you
know don't look at me with that face sir
you did a good job good job Tim he's not
a part but you can't eat it yeah oh my
god the face is giving me I feel like I
just robbed him of his soul stop looking
like that I love you
hey question where do I get a nice couch
like I just want I want like a
two-seater like a little bit bigger than
a loveseat but I don't want like I just
need it for this wall and to fill my
videos on I wouldn't he's a dreamer I'd
like it to be a nice pull out so that I
have a place people could sleep when
they spend the night here but don't date
in your bed you're eating your bed he's
mad at me anyway um where you'll find a
nice couch like that cuz I got my
couches from living spaces but I had a
bad experience the men have bad
experiences with everybody but uh so I
was trying to figure out a place how I I
mean I guess where's a good place to buy
a couch because I kiyose couches are all
very uncomfortable to me very
uncomfortable couches so I just need are
you mentally Joe that's that's the grand
entrance you're gonna make on my live
stream I took him to the park today and
he's so hyper acting like I didn't take
him to the park today no do not get your
toy out of the trash sweetie no no nope
nope and the trash is gone for the desk
my couch is all ripped yeah
was it from Ikea cuz I threw me out that
futon that I used to have you got it
disgustingly dirty so what I do get a
couch I have to put like a dog cover
over it and tell people like when people
aren't coming over I'm not filming
because this little effort likes to just
get everything dirty you're not going to
get it the trash trash is up here you're
not allowed in the trash have you
blocked since Christmas or are you done
for a while I'm so lucky I have a blog
for tomorrow I'm gonna just keep
blogging I enjoy it just December was
the worst month for me it was the worst
month a year and so it was really hard
to do blog mess and now that my stress
is over I'm gonna just keep flogging I
probably will I mean I'm not gonna make
any promises but I'm gonna keep flogging
I've got things to post I didn't vlog
Christmas because I was sick and I
didn't vlog for a couple days
for that but I started blogging with
Thursday once today no idea what today I
started vlogging Thursday I think yeah
so don't insult me up a furniture store
wow thanks area dad why are you getting
a couch
I just need them excuse me sir
off of that can you I don't think you
could see him this is what I'm dealing
with
place hey don't make me whistle people
are wearing headphones and they get mad
at me for it do you need out do you want
out don't have you breathe what do you
want come in okay you know me you're too
hyper why are you so heavy I took you to
the park man you ran around outside for
like an hour by yourself
and we play tug-of-war for like 15
minutes you shouldn't be hyper anymore
you just ran into this thing my sister
got goats had babies this morning oh my
gosh baby goats are cute guys how long
it takes her to come scratching back at
that door she know he's going to
favorite moment from 2017 I don't why
did I do in 2007 this is why people
recap it I know what did I do
I bought a house I got a dog I went to
Hawaii did I release did my book come
out this year hi I had a book tour I
released a book made new merch what do I
don't remember I do this is why people
recap it I guess I should do a recap
I'll do it on my vlog Channel
my main channel is it my main channels
dying I don't know Hiro what to do I
guess I'll try I guess I should try a
little harder
that's right now YouTube's the area of
life where you have to try your hardest
and workout it 24/7 and I didn't have
that ability in the past month so
everything's just gone to poop but I'm
ready to make a comeback guys I am ready
to take 2018 by the balls
it already is he's already in like a
squeeze his balls got spots Wow I
shouldn't have said that love you guys
oh yeah is YouTube still attacking your
blog Channel no and I found out it
realized since I stock of daily vlogging
here I was posting it once every three
days once every two to three days
it stopped doing it when you daily post
it attacks you but when you don't daily
post it does it so when I started nearly
posting again let's see if it attacks me
and maybe they don't like people daily
posting maybe they're like this no too
much too much content my phone is at 13%
well Molly you charge it what would your
mother say about that joke she would
laugh at it like what wasn't care but
publicly she would say Rachel but
privately she bless you went on tour I
did oh yeah I did like shows this year
too I usually I go through my vlog
Channel and my Instagram to see what
I've done
oh what's the site Oh every year
everyone posts like 9 most liked photos
on Instagram from that past year but I
always look for everyone else to start
it so that I can see at the bottom what
website to use cuz I'm scared of using
websites scared of it you have to give
them access to your like Instagram stuff
so I'm waiting for everyone else to post
what's the site this year guys what
where do I go to see what
my life's most like that or is that just
something you can do on Instagram now or
is that only because I don't know I
don't know thanks is that over are we
just not doing that anymore we didn't
know a lot the past few years you don't
even know what I'm talking about you
have to come on you're more than a year
old ever think about getting a turtle I
know you still at least I'm a tortoise
they're cool but like what do you do
with them I don't think you showing pet
unless he's like can do stuff with it
Instagram best 9 is that what we're
using this year guys any two are playing
for 2018 nah just tag along to some
cooling stuff what are your plans for
2018 live build a lot of things just
building taking pictures of stuff that's
what I love doing that's what I'm gonna
keep trying to do where do we ask the
questions right there Anna you did it
route is some nice to celebrity /youtube
Reeve ever met everyone's really nice to
your face so like I can't really say
someone that's been no one's been rude
to me and when I see a celebrity that
like I recognized I don't ever go up to
them so like no one's remembered to me I
who's the nicest everyone's nice I mean
again related to your face you don't
know what they're saying behind your
back
that's the whole other thing the nice is
who's the nicest heart is really nice
who's I'm trying to think maimry is
really nice she's very she's she has
manners she has a lot of manners she'll
remember things about you from last time
and that's who's really nice
I don't even know I did Jerry Seinfeld
was nice Ben Stiller was nice yeah this
everyone's nice to your face that's the
thing if someone's rude to your face
they've got some issues and I don't
really met anyone with a lot of issues I
again I don't know what they're saying
behind my back and I don't know and
meeting someone for a second or just
following them on the internet it
doesn't mean if you know if they're
actually nice or not oh my dog
scratching at the door would you like to
come in and join the party again yeah
also this has just turned into me like
name-dropping so we're just gonna go on
to another question dog I swear if you
need if you want to leave this room
against where are you hey do not eat
things in my pile of junk that was my
pile of junk not yours they just have
piles of junk everywhere
I like says you've met me and I've had a
lot of issues well you're not a
celebrity now are you Alex do you ever
hunk like my car yes remember that time
you show Jimmy Fallon's head
Jimmy Fallon was probably was one of the
nicest people that I've met yes I do
remember when I shook his hand it was
glorious mm-hmm do you like blankies
blankets you wrote blankets and I read
blankies because I'm a child I'm like
hey what are you doing stop it leave it
good what
um I love like it so there's a little
blanket
what's your Apple watch face mate -
Mickey Mouse cuz I'm a child
oh I have the active one like I'm super
active all those think that's mine just
because I like active hey I told you to
leave it sir I may be schooled you
inside of your friends that's never fun
for anyone it's awkward for them it's
awkward for you it's awkward for me
don't put me in that situation thank you
appreciate it is it not the worst though
when your friends get scolded in front
of you and you just like what I was
going to say don't look at me don't look
at me I was going to say I still feel
that awkwardness one like Bailey or Jake
or Parker do something wrong and
Christopher has to or Chris or just
after Mike corrects them I still feel
that awkwardness and but now I want to
laugh which makes it even more awkward
aside to Turk my face and it's just the
worst it's the worst I actually said
something to one of my friend's moms
when she was scolding my friend
okay my best friend growing up and her
mom constantly screamed at each other
just constantly screaming just always
fighting they throw things at each other
and I was I went over one day and they
were fighting again and the mom turned
to me and she goes dude talk to your
money like this and I said no man but my
mom doesn't talk to me like that either
I mean but hey you know they both needed
to put themselves in check
doo-doo-doo
Wow what a cop listen I'm telling you
I've been trying to kick this cold for
like a month
it's annoying hasn't been a month it's
been since Santa Cruz I don't even know
what I went to Santa Cruz you got a
nephew that's fun he's pretty cute dude
he's a happy baby my sister won't get me
water can why yourself said me as a
little sister who constantly had to go
get stuff for her big sister I felt your
sister on that one do you still have the
iPhone 6
my throat is being a butt-head right now
I don't have the iPhone 6 because you
know Apple slowed down my phone so much
that it literally broke itself and I
didn't have insurance so I think this is
the 8 they skipped the 9 right it went
like 8 and X which is 10 hi um I can't
blame them and who's getting the money
from the suing like I know there's like
this huge lawsuit going on but who
benefits whose is it just like do I kind
of join the lawsuit and get money out of
it how does that work someone send me
some things I'm your lawyer contact me
can we do another
dog thoughts video yeah sure I I think I
had fun doing it do you guys like the
pranking or the dog thought better which
one words can I speak then you know what
I mean
which one guys which one which video did
you enjoy more pranking my dog or my dog
thoughts my dog's thoughts huh if
someone gifted you a kitten would you
keep it I probably couldn't because my
dog would either eat it but also or
would try to eat it all the time and my
life would be a mess but also mint is
highly allergic to cats so we can't have
a cat what was the last puzzle you've
done something at Colleen's house I
haven't I didn't have a spot to do
puzzles at my last place so I haven't
done a puzzle in a long time but kollene
always has one going on her counter so
whenever you go over you know just like
put pieces together so I haven't done
one by myself in like a year but I've
been a part of multiple sunset now that
you have my puzzle history your lives
are riveting and full of excitement oh
my god dog calm down is it fun making
merch um I only make merch wine get an
idea I'm excited about so for me it is
fun making merch I don't like to try and
force it like sit there what are you
eating
no no so I don't try and mic for juice
anything that's not fun for me forcings
never fun but i the process is annoying
like I have an idea and I sketch it out
and I send it to the person and then for
some reason it takes like 12 hours and
milk what that's not that's not a lot of
time it all takes like 12 days for them
to like figure out what's in my brain
even though I wrote it down and drew it
and send it to them and it the whole
thing that process is annoying
but I have fun designing it once I get
the idea what are you doing dude you
can't they can't even dude
India children your butt is up against
me dad was over there you can give the
kitten to Colleen I would
unless she's got enough cats she'll
probably get another one in life and I
think her next thing's gonna be a dog
this is why you don't gift animals yeah
I agree
you don't you shouldn't gift animals hey
hey hey hey hey but leave it leave it
yes I'm talking to you don't sigh tiny
like there's someone else in the room
I'm talking to besides all these people
whoa it's just looking up his box mom if
you leave this room you're not allowed
to come back in the other tanks heat so
sometimes he sleeps on the couch like at
night now he's fine not having this not
being like right next to me when he
sleeps so sometimes he crash LEM
attached and he'll Falls he's fall
asleep around nine or ten and so will we
always leave a little door open for him
so he can go out in the middle night
because it was just a pee and poop in
the middle and I I don't know why so I
went to bed first and Matt went to bed
but he left the back door open for the
dog and a flea gotta get a doggie door
anyway so there is also a door on the
other side of the house the back and he
wanted to go out that one in the middle
night so he came and he woke me up in
the middle of the night for me to go and
let him out of the door he wanted to go
out of and not out of the open door to
go to the bathroom I and then I was like
okay at least he'll come to bed and
cuddle me cuz he's a let asleep on the
bed now and
useful back to the couch so he refuses
to leave after one door and needed to go
off the other just brats you know the
other was open to because it's always
open forum did you do do you mean blase
sound like a child for a moment he's a
child
he is my child first worse food
poisoning experience you ever had I
don't think I've ever had food poisoning
I have a really strong stomach when it
comes to that I think I've just had like
flus I've thrown up and then immediately
after like I threw up cuz I was so
hungry that's happened on multiple
occasions it was like the opposite of
food poisoning I got poison from not
having food so I only had food poisoning
thankfully unless I'm wrong I mean I've
had mad diarrhea afterwards but like
when I when I hear food poisoning I
think vomiting profusely because you ate
something bad I've had a lot of
stomachaches and pooping issues but
that's just every time I talk about so
that that cooling dog what I think Chloe
wants a dog I don't know she probably
won't ever get one she's too much of a
cat person
but she every time she's around a dog
she's like I'm a dog and then she Kings
out with her cats like Emma Mayen cats
are the best shut up sit up mm-hmm I
always get sick when traveling sane
because every time I travel I do meet
and greets and for some reason y'all
like to hug me when you're sick when you
say you shouldn't hug me you make that
rule if you are sick but don't touch me
cuz then I get sick and I have to still
go on tours and meet other people and
then I'm like just so you know I'm sick
and people still want to hug me think
I'm getting people sick and then I feel
bad about it if the sick don't touch me
it's just the rule and I did not touch
when I was throwing up because we wrote
like we both can't be sick only one of
us can be stick out of time so we had a
no touching rule and when we traded
things off we can treat a paper towel
and we figured out my favorite
it's that person with their favorite
spell he didn't get sick because we
didn't touch don't touch it when you're
sick did you know you can get married at
talk about yes I did actually
can you Taco Bell has merch at forever
21 just to - do you plan on going vegan
you mean stop eating fish no I'm gonna
keep any fish just cuz there's a lot of
there's there's it's my life I don't
have to tell you why I'm going to
continue being a pescetarian so but you
know that's my life I have two cats on a
dog it's cool
where'd the pointer go somewhere in one
of these boxes somewhere oh I don't know
where anything is I finally put all my
desk drawer things in their desks again
may I ask why you're holding a
screwdriver because I don't know where
my pointer is obviously why also be
holding screwdriver because the pointer
is missing guys did you do hi from
Australia hello Australia did you do to
do to do Iran I think it's tweet you
I've ran out of video ideas so we're one
in the same did you do so when are you
coming to Canada
so he can meet I have no plans I don't
know I don't know I'm going to think
about a San Diego soon for Felicia I
don't know I don't know what I'm doing
anything I try not to plan white Frick's
everyone Lexi
stop everyone I'm holding a screwdriver
because I don't know where the pointer
is it's not that difficult to figure out
guys
everyone Stroh CEO have you not noticed
I have to be playing with something at
all times
my hands are fidgety this screwdriver
was here it was small it's thin and it
twirls and it's fun usually it's a
pencil or Sharpie pointer this is just
something for my hands to do while I sit
here okay it's scary when it's a nice
would you ever want to be a child again
and if so why yeah cuz listen not
because like I'm fine with my
responsibilities whatever okay cool but
the only reason I've ever want to be a
child again it's just so I could be
small again and just have like because I
just miss my dad being will throw me and
people being able to like carry me and
let's be like oh I fell asleep in the
car since gonna carry me inside that's
all I want I just want to be I just want
to be small I don't even need to be a
child I just need to be small but like
you know going through like I don't fit
in those stupid like playground
structure tube things anymore I would
love benefit knows again also like
bouncy castles way more fun when you're
small way more fun
all of those things I just sometimes
being big isn't weak so that's the only
I'm final responsibilities I'm so happy
being out of school the only reason I
want to be a kid again it's just to be
small I wouldn't want to say that just
like a day this give me like two days
two days so I can fit in my little
electric car even though I I can't drive
a car and I own two vehicles I still
want to be able to like drive my little
car for real so you know that's that's
fun but I don't want to be small forever
I like that being big has its benefits
for sure just like it dared to and I
want to be a small child again
Kirker sighs Parker agent sighs that's
perfect like a big enough where I can do
things on my own but small enough for
people that still toss me around I also
like I could fit on planes and in the
backseat I get bit places guys I don't
fit places any places sounds a great
load when you pretend so if you fell
asleep on the couch I need be carried if
that is the best it is I used to pretend
so hard to be asleep in the car and I
was like they're not gonna leave me out
here they're not gonna leave me out
inside in the car they're they have to
carry me in so I would definitely
pretend to be asleep all the time and
you know I would be asleep but then once
they pulled in the driveway my body
would naturally wake up and I'm dope
boomer sleep I refuse I miss not being
stressed and having any worries in the
world it's false when you were kid you
had stresses and worries they just were
varied and significant and now that you
look back you don't think that they're
stressful but as a kid they were
stressful they would like not having
batteries for your favorite toy
stressful not picking we'll go to your
friend's house stressful having to go to
bed stressful but now you look at those
things you're like that's nothing and
then as a teenager you're teenager your
life is full of stress in ten years
you're like recognize that was not
stressful and then the things then when
you're like 20 something then you're
like this is stressful when you're 30 or
legs like that wasn't stressful it just
perspective your life gets more and more
stressful so the things in the past seem
less stressful but at that moment they
are the most stressful so as a child
their stress is just as great as your
stress even though you know it gets more
stressful so you're not as fast as that
those little tiny stressful things but
they're stressful for that kid because I
suppose stress I've ever had yeah think
it's stressful it is stress when you're
razor scooter we're brown and hit shins
stressful what
favorite place in Santa Barbara my
parents house would you ever try to
juggle knives I did it was fun we got
because they're not actually sharp I
worked out a juggling / magic store and
I have troubled knives they look sharper
than they actually are so if they hit
you you don't actually die I probably
shouldn't have said that
it's not magic magic you're not allowed
to say how it works but juggling you can
I mean because it does take skill I mean
it's not gonna be like a pillow hit you
it's metal but I have trunk with
troubled eyes but that was good juggling
Emily good job a video idea try to
follow a makeup tutorial that actually
might be kind of funny whose makeup
tutorials should I try and follow I need
to write that down cuz that would be
funny right is it just me I don't know
what's funny more I don't know what
people want to watch but I think I like
to write things down let me write it
follow me who should I follow who was
makeup tutorial should I follow I don't
know whose I know I know beauty gurus
but I don't know who does who does like
a really good one that should be simple
to follow like easy thumbnail to follow
yeah help me with my video ideas I liked
that video idea
keep them coming guys keep it coming
2018 grab it by itself by its number yes
do the makeup thing okay who should have
James Charles okay James is cool I've
met James he's nice well names have you
taken high school Spanish did bad the
yawn means you're getting tired yes I've
always tired I have is life here four or
five roots
it takes a lot energy even though I've
had zero energy thrombus
my ankles and shins aren't hurting when
you mentioned razor scooters
that's the worst video idea Rachel's
room every Thursday guys you guys
stopped watching Rachel's rooms and
that's the only time I get called
clickbait except when I did I get called
quick late for whatever but cuz q and
A's you take the most interesting thing
in it and you make that the title
because I want to do is you're gonna
title it Rachel's room number 600 and
what are you gonna title it like Q&A
number 60 blah blah blah no you Tyler
the most interesting thing in the Q&A
and then every time people are like
anyway kore de Soto makeup tutorial does
he have a makeup tutorial video idea
learning Sundays that's not a video idea
that's a concept dog on her life hacks
that's that's one we could play with
here dog owner hacks just become a
BuzzFeed over here by a stranger's diary
from ebay and read it BuzzFeed did it
and it was pretty cool well I just want
a copy BuzzFeed pack per star I've heard
he's amazing
I could do his tutorial is he easy who's
easy to follow cuz like if it's someone
intense obviously I'm gonna fail I want
to try my hardest to follow like who's
who's easy do I also have a cold sore up
my skin my body was happened when life
with flawlessness failing Patrick Starr
in charge of James Charles for the only
ones people have mentioned all right
Colleen's blue
I shadow look hey listen it was cool for
the time and I'm tired of y'all making
fun at any time her makeup is it
flawless so I see someone making fun of
her besides just the blush out of a comb
for you and that's not a funny thing
like how hard she's gonna come for me
she's gonna get blocked don't make fun
of my sister
five-second rule r-rated with Quinn
five-second rule is that the thing Allen
does or you have to like say stuff
certain amount of things within five
seconds cuz that's funny
that is funny I wanted to do that I
should do with my mom look at you guys
coming up with my video things 2018 it's
all about you all call your fans no I
don't I don't know
okay zoella okay yeah do do to do Jansen
wants to know why I got mad
him yesterday and unfollowed him so I
was damning people last night I'll tell
you why Jansen you lied and I didn't
appreciate it I was steaming people last
night and I went by nose like okay you
wanted to see him in the last 24 hours
over diem back and you and Cindy and me
and said it's my friend Becca's birthday
please wish her a happy birthday and
I'll show her it and I said okay I've
birthday Becca that's what he wanted his
DM he's gonna get a DM weather no matter
what it said and then Becca tweeted me
and said he lied my birthday was two
months ago and screenshotted the message
she sent her or yeah and it said Rachel
D and me and Becca said what if she say
and he said I lied and said it was your
birthday so I don't appreciate the line
so I went into a cm so I said I don't
like people lie to me and I am falling
because I didn't need lies in my Dan's
when you lie to someone you're making
them live in a false reality and I don't
appreciate it there was no reason to lie
to me
none whatsoever you can lie to someone
when they're trying to guess their
birthday present and they've guessed it
you still say no that's appropriate lie
would you been lying when someone says
how you do it and you say fine but
you're really not fine but you don't
want to get into it with the stranger so
let's find a lie then but there was no
point in lying to me and I I didn't
appreciate it so in block you because I
figured we'll eventually mend our wounds
but I didn't want I didn't want you in
my DM is any longer because you're dams
were giving me a false reality and I
didn't appreciate it
so that's what's happened um I I don't
know why Becca would lie about it so I
believe well you said you lied to Becca
you said it I lied to Rachel so you were
you're proud of it so uh I didn't like
that so I unfollowed you no hard
feelin's what's done is done
but uh that is what happened Jansen that
is what happened now let's move on to
something else
mani MUA okay there just are then as he
easy I'll find something choline is an
easy B to gyro colleen ballinger does
not beauty guru I love her beauty gurus
lives are so put together on Instagram
and videos yes they are honey yes they
are
did he do do 2017 wrap-up video do you
want that or 2018 predictions because
I'm not gonna do two of videos that are
kind of like having to do the same
subject I've already posted at one of
those videos so I did a tooth out
tonight did I predict 2017 correctly and
I found out that the glasses exist guys
so I did that prediction came true too
and Barbie tried to make a comeback
which I didn't know about clearly she
failed at it so in my predictions were
more correct than I thought so maybe I
should do 2018 prediction have they
bound your kids teach you how to do
something like what they like their
rules that video would just be them
explain they just those kids love their
rules already ones that they you want to
get frustrated or do oh I feel bad for
him cuz I know that frustration I know
that frustration when someone acts dumb
and you're trying to explain something
to them I when the video was going
around for a while it was funny
Christopher did it with them I just feel
bad I know that frustration where you
have your kids teach you a simple task
and you follow their instructions but
you you intentionally try and do it
wrong so they're like peanut butter
Charlie you put the jelly and the peanut
butter on the bread and then so you just
take the loaf of bread and you put a jar
of jelly and a jar of peanut butter on
it and they're like no you gotta take
them out of the stuff and you just keep
doing it wrong and the kids are trying
to explain to you how to make something
but they have to use precise directions
it's just difficult I feel I know those
kids frustrations I can't I can't do
that to them more story times I don't do
I'm not good at story times I cuz I
nothing super extreme happens in my life
and I don't want to exaggerate anything
that's not super extreme because then
you're living in a false reality which I
don't agree with but I have I also
whatever things happen i vlog about it
oh my god I forget to tweet this the
other day oh I was dying of laughter
I was at the park not a story time I
thought it was just funny but I just
remembered that I wanted to tweet this
but I didn't know how exactly to bird
the tweet so I was walking in the park
two days ago yesterday and I was walking
blades were heading out these kids were
climbing this tree and it's not a really
high tree it's one of those trees that
like is low to the ground but the
branches are really long and go out to
the sides kind of like a this weird dr.
Seuss II tree and one of the kids
there's they were like probably like
eight to ten and years old and they're
climbing the tree the parents are right
next to but they're climbing the tree
and as one kid got stuck and was slowly
falling he was three feet off the ground
did not hurt him well the back baby's
like dad I'm gonna need your help yes
say in a dire actual situation when you
need help
you subscreen help nah I'm gonna need
your help ASAP guys I was dying so funny
I couldn't figure out how to word that
tweet but just cuz it up oh good
that was a good one has anyone else been
reading since blaze since that Oldman
fun about blaze since that old man did
yeah people realized time especially the
dog park people like with tiny dogs are
like we gotta get that kid away I'm like
you better get your yappy little dog
that's more likely to bite away from a
pizzle um yeah
people are always rude I just I've
gotten so used to it on hearing work
tell us about your college years there's
a video idea my college years went crazy
yeah go to a private Christian College
and I just had some close friends I
didn't drink till I was 21 and even then
I didn't party very hearty I didn't do
drugs I was I had a very
I had a psycho roommate but I've chosen
not to discuss her life on the Internet
I've given bits and pieces but I think
she's grown from that and I would never
say her name but I think she's grown
from it so I I don't want to put that
those memories online cuz what if she
saw them that wouldn't make her feel
well um but there weren't those intense
things but my they were I did school and
I had mine with my friends I did flag
football that was that was my college
that's all got a degree done nothing
with it I love the pink thing with the
lightning bolt in the background oh my
god I'm scared to see what in the world
you're talking about
oh it's blazes Popeye outfit you look
cute in the Popeye one the pictures
didn't do him justice how much a
photographer
what's the maddest you've ever gotten in
a human being I don't even know I've got
I Shh I don't even know I there's like a
top there's three top people that I'm
sure I've gotten the most mad at but I
think I like to block things from my
memory so I think I've blocked it
finally I can't do it with the kids okay
but see the thing is it would just be
all of us concentrating really hard
I don't I don't play Legos that's I
don't play I do them and in a serious
business
there are some things I just can't shake
I don't think I could just finally do
funnily that's a word funnily
funny funny Ely do a Lego that's all I
need to say what are you gonna do
tomorrow for New Year's Eve
now that would you ever post any of the
home videos that your dad gave you for
Christmas
I eventually well I don't plan to snap
some I feel I I don't know I that
selfish of me but I'm like I just I
don't know she'll probably post awesome
you can't give me so much hope that I
will use my college degree when I
graduate yeah a lot of my friends are
not using I think one of my friends is
using his college degree he got a degree
in communications and then he became a
sales person and then a manager and now
we own so sales business so that helps
having communications degree helps it
depends on what you get it in and what
you're passionate about you know doctors
usually end up using their degree some
lawyers usually end up using theirs was
a psychology major and I wanted to be a
cop I was never planning on being a
psychologist I can't settled a listing
someone wine
so I hear my dog I knew I I wanted a
degree because I heard that cops
I learned that cops got paid more if
they had a bachelor's degree and my
parents wanted me to go to school and oh
sorry okay I knew that psychology was a
good degree half for me a cop so I did
it because the school I went to didn't
have a criminal justice degree so you
know that's why I didn't use my degree
and then I ended up going a different
route in life but you never know it gave
me college I learned a lot about life in
college and I did learn stuff getting my
degree but now just kind of seems common
sense and then I realize like oh wait ya
know not everyone knows that but you
know it's good to go to college I plan
skiing soon hopefully by the end of
January have gotten snowboarding for
sure hope yes I already have a place
that will take place that he'll go to my
friends my friends have all been using
this person where the dogs just go sleep
at a mansion basically and they're all
just have fun together so I'm gonna send
my dog to Mitch
well I go snowboard that's the plan well
just do things in the background I don't
know because I didn't remember what was
I was like I own something that's pink
with a lightning bolt I've no idea I
didn't know what was gonna be in the
background there are people send me
things I obtained weird things I didn't
know listen to someone why Rachel listen
I went to a school where everyone was
very privileged and so when I was in my
psychology classes we often did things
we did exercises and people were like
okay what's what should we work on who
has many issues right now and everyone's
issues we're not real life issues and I
knew that I so listening these people
whine about not real life things maybe
very angry anyway so that's why I say
why is because I listened to these
privileged children whine about things
that weren't real problems like I know
what I want about first world problems
their first world problems but I would
never think that I needed to go to a
therapist or psychologist for these
issues these children actually did these
people were like well my psychologist
says and I was like it was therapy
because you're mad at your dad for
buying you the wrong color car like
that's the kind of thing it was so I was
like
so there are psychologists who help
people with real issues and then there's
psychologists who get paid a lot of
money to what listen to privileged
people whine about things um and that
didn't not seem fun to me but anyway
that's what people need therapy works
psychology is a thing that works and
it's copy I majored in it and there are
people who desperately need it but then
there are people who don't and just want
to listen just want to have someone just
they just want to talk and this just
made me angry and that's why I say wine
cuz that's what I did for three and a
half years was listening to people lying
about things that were not important and
they thought they were important who
lives in a pineapple under the sea
SpongeBob SquarePants
I'm just screenshotting good video ideas
here effects screwdrivers really
dangerous listen I almost stabbed my dog
with it and I maybe have hit my chin
with it but it's not that vaporous are
you tired I have been live streaming for
an hour now is it that time for you you
need me to cuddle you on the couch so
you can go bed alright guys now that
I've gotten angry about something dug up
old memories I'm gonna sign up thank you
guys for watching I love you guys thanks
for hanging out with me a Happy New Year
please be safe tomorrow do not drink and
be stupid that's all I have to say don't
be drunk good drugs and be stupid
don't be stupid that's just the moral of
the story even if you are sober behind
the wheels does not mean everyone else
on the road is sober behind the wheel so
be a defensive driver anyway I love you
guys so much yeah tweet me ideas what do
you want to see in 2018 what do you want
from me what is it what do you want let
me know I'll try and keep it hey guys
Paris
