good morning I have to go shoot my
changing a flat tire video and I have to
go take my car and to get the tire fixed
but also first I need to make coffee and
also check the warranty on those tires
because I think I have warranty on them
let's hope so
I'm so annoyed I just went downstairs to
change my flat I put the spare on and in
the middle of filming the video I
realized that since I have aftermarket
wheels rims on my car ah my tools don't
work so I couldn't get the flat off
because I need special like mechanic
tools that I don't have and I'm very
frustrated because now I have to call
triple-a and I have my car towed to the
tire place which is just so annoying
because it's gonna take like a million
hours for the person to get here tow it
I'm and now I came from the video I
filmed half the video and then I in the
middle of it I just got so sad so yeah
not the best day I'm having
today I've much rather be snowboarding
okay alright I called the tow truck they
shoulda said sometimes takes an hour
sometimes it takes more sometimes it
takes less wow thanks thanks for the
detailed timing that doesn't interrupt
my day at all alright I left my blog at
home so you're getting phone quality
just had the worst morning of my life
that's an exaggeration but I'm angry I
couldn't fix the flat because I don't
have the right socket size for the lug
nuts on my new rims so that was annoying
so I called a tow truck the tow truck
came and said I shouldn't towed this
I'll just have my brother come and
changed the flat tire on it for you I
said thanks so he left his brother came
and was like ah my other brother has all
my tools so then he left and then his
other brother had to come and change the
flat that was three hours three hours of
my life was just that and then finally
he came and Tracy fought they were all
really nice guys it was just annoying
that I had to wait so much and everyone
had someone else's tools I don't know
then I just drove it to the mechanic and
I'm also getting an oil change I had
planned to go to the mechanic yeah
yesterday yeah Monday but then I decide
to go snowboarding instead if I've
decided
I'm the mechanic snowboarding this it
all be avoided but now matt has taken me
to get waffles just to make me feel
better now let's see if it works okay
it's made me a little bit happier I
still have my blog camera but I'm at the
mall right now to finish up my Christmas
shopping
hopefully I finished everything here
today I don't have to deal with it
anymore
Cory if we're watching this skip forward
a little bit Tina from Bed Bath & Beyond
just helped me pick out a present for
Cory so Thank You TIA Corrine you better
like it
so since I'm at the ball I stopped off
at Apple and asked them why my phone
keeps shutting down at 50% and they said
oh you get a new phone
I slipped pop that's nice but I have to
go home and back it up and then if I
going back in within the next five days
they just hand me a free phone amazing
so that's what I'm gonna do when I
finish shopping go home back this thing
up and get a new phone it's a Christmas
miracle my day has had all sorts of ups
and downs so I had to deal with the
mecanics thing the flat tire first that
suck balls I took it in and then Matt
got me waffles which made everything
better I went to the mall I gots it for
Cory Augusta from my dad I found things
I needed I meant cool people I went to
the Apple Store check out my phone I get
a free phone right now I'm backing it
all up so I could take it to the mall I
also got my truck washed looks beautiful
all good things then my mechanic calls
and was like hey your cars ready and I
said oh oh thank you be there soon
I get there and I see the spare tire
still on my car and I drove all the way
there in traffic I was confused I go up
to him and he was like oh yes we changed
the oil and stuff I said yeah why is the
spare still on my car he goes oh yeah
let me show you so he takes me here's my
old tire and goes you were driving with
a low-pressure tire and that gauge in my
car goes on and off constantly depending
on the weather and it used to do it all
the time and other mechanicals like I
just ignore it if it doesn't look flat
it's not flat so I ignored it but then I
was driving on a freakin low tire
pressure air thing which popped my tire
and he's like so that's not under
warranty cuz it's your fault but I'm not
saying it's your fault but it's your
fault and so I'll order you new tire but
it won't get here till tomorrow it was
like then why did you call me to tell me
my car's ready he goes well you can
drive with the spare on
my car's not ready why is the world
didn't he tell me that when he called me
he made me drive all the way there to be
like by the way this does tired
it's your fault please just tell me that
on the phone I was so annoyed so I drove
all the way there for nothing and that
put me in a bad mood
again and so now I'm back at my place I
still haven't edited and post my blog
yesterday it's like six but once this is
done I'm gonna go to the mall get a new
phone and then I will come back here and
edit and stuff but like the new phone is
awesome that's the only thing making my
day like whoa but that tire thing
there's so annoying now I think another
was freaking flirting Sunday video I'm
just stressed about it I'm happy about
the phone I need to keep thinking about
that back in this ish up there's a
broken hydrant it is just spraying water
holy crap that sucks
that's a waste of water I heard sirens
that car is smart you went by the base
of it where the water's not going back
down here comes the fire truck go save
everybody from the water Here I am about
to get sprayed
I know this is loose if anyone's worries
but I just got my car detailed
and now I've got sewer water all over it
alright we are back at the mall to get
my phone fixed it is hectic and crazy
and this is why everyone should do
everything online
I got no phone it's not the iPhone 7
it's an iPhone 6 it's not even a success
they just gave me a new of the old phone
that I had which is just lovely
um because I don't really want the 7 I'm
really against not having a headphone
jack cuz as much as I love wireless
headphones sometimes I need to wear
wired headphones come on anyway I'm very
happy about that
but yesterday was just a really annoying
day like everything was just super
annoying so sorry it was like kind of a
downer of a vlog it was just like
everyone has those days right everyone
just has a day that there's a kind of
day be done already please let's move to
the next I'm over it I'm done
why does it keep going just move over
today let's the next day come in so that
was my day yesterday which is fine I'm
human people are supposed to have those
days everyone so i'll but giveaway time
so the person who won they smile because
I said so sign is actually ashmac won on
Twitter I just think it you so please DM
me back and for today's giveaway hold on
this is hashtag not ad but I are at the
burton sticker when i bought all my
snowboarding stuff it says durable goods
but it's just a little sticker this is
Burton I like their stuff they're
snowboarding stuff I mean I'm not a
snowboarding expert at all but their
stuff has done me well so far so if you
want this Burton durable good
sticker I was just sitting behind me I'm
running out of things people christmas
is almost here then social media out
this video your favorite part and it
tagged me looks like a good sticker
seriously hashtag not ads I just have it
and it's a good sticker so why not
everyone loves a good sticker and stick
it right here and let's turn around here
no no no right being so weird I'm sorry
I got no sleep laughing anyway I love
you and I will see you tomorrow are wait
are you guys proud of me this is my 31st
day in a row of daily vlogging I haven't
missed one I post really late at night
before but everything that's up that's
before midnight Pacific Standard Time
also what else
oh and this vlog is going up not in the
middle of the night so yeah me talk to
you later bye
