all right we're gonna try to
snowboarding thing again
I called mountain high this morning and
they are open from 8:00 to 10:00 8:00 in
the morning to 10:00 at night not just
like that two-hour gap because those
guys already missed at 5:00 too bad hey
we're about to leave in like 20 minutes
30 minutes and then hopefully once I get
up there it's still open
then I get to snowboard again all right
we made snow mountain and it's open so
I'm on go snowboarding
dude mountain high socks Big Bear was
way better than this also I'm on the
side everyone freaked out my last vlog
cuz I was like in the middle of the
photo I wasn't I was pulled to the side
to talk to you guys or just to chill for
a half a second let my knees rest but um
I think of becoming a snowboard snob
sorry we just moved in the mountain and
as I can played before it's not a very
good mountain she's kind of like you
know how there's like Disneyland
there's Six Flags the Knott's Berry Farm
Big Bear feels like Disneyland Mountain
High is like Knott's Berry Farm um
gorgeous taking your break a little
water break it does have convenient
parking I'll give it that but I'll stop
the GoPro to my head next time I go down
snacker be very pretty though what we do
here just going back back back
well then I'm in a t-shirt and there's
snow around me good way to go
California man-made snow anyway I'm
getting used to the snow and all so this
is a new board and so I have to get used
to this board the last part I had was
like a cheap wider heavier board and so
I learned on that and now this one's
like a freaking feather pretty sure it
is it called a feather a DejaVu well I
don't know but it's light yeah I'm gonna
hang without Matt's getting the hang of
it he's doing pretty well today too but
I think we're gonna few more runs I
don't mean to bring the GoPro out
anymore I'm just gonna enjoy it not
worrying about filming I lied I'm gonna
strap my GoPro to my wrist like this so
this ski lift just stops for long
periods of time so we're just enjoying
the view that's the view well it's been
about 10 minutes and the lift hasn't
moved yet so I think we're broken and
we're stuck just fantastic
Oh
okay we've done snowboarding my nose is
red oh all right I just got home I
showered and now I have to edit and post
yesterday's vlog which one of us was
proposed today and I failed to post it
before I left so my bad
that's a little late but it's still I
will post it before midnight and if it's
posted before at midnight it's still a
daily vlog that's how I look at it I
wish you were sewed up but you're not
you're carbonated water I'm trying to
pick winners they were the freaking
giveaway right now because I'm about to
post a vlog or whatever and at the end I
do the giveaway thing normal hopefully
this isn't your first vlog but seriously
this is what takes me forever I could
have had the vlog uploaded it was 30
minutes ago
lucky pick a winner oh my god this
person oh I bet this person oh wait I
forgot about of histogram oh it ever had
my facebook wait no like I'm a mess
it's just so hard I want to give all of
you guys everything always okay there's
one tick everybody feeling different
scooty people it's very difficult to
make you say personal problems we got
hungry so currently gonna pull Loco in
sweats she's got like cool guys what
they want
I'm just like these are from CVS I love
them I was hungry
well cord that's what I'm talking about
why is the lighting so weird what's
happening I'm gonna eat this and watch
Game of Thrones so that I'm gonna go to
bed
why is it so dark I'm very angry Oh
fixed it no it's blurry
what is my problem so I got I got bored
of watching Game of Thrones don't hate
me for saying that I just sometimes I
need to do other thing
I can't just watch TV for 20 hours
straight so one on lively did a little
lively had some fun and then at the end
it shows one of my top contributors but
I don't know what that means I think
it's like you hung out with me the most
or you send me the most emojis or
something and I don't know what to do
and I but I want to be like thanks guys
for hanging out with me so I'm just
going to say in this vlog hey thanks
guys are hanging out with me so oh it's
bright let's focus let's focus Bloggie
work together with phony okay so Jenna
the awesome 45 my top contributor lovely
this Jenna I am oh unscrew sings
beautiful baby Amy love it
Charlotte right hello Keegan hey it's
Savi Nate zone 101 Jillian destiny Emily
galaxy Marie one Kristen lick wait I
don't think I saw you or said your name
during the look lively I'm sorry Syd
kollene Ballinger that you're not the
real choline Ballinger jessalyn but how
long does this go well I mean you'll see
your name Oh
focus we need to see everyone's names
here that's not the real Miranda sings
Oh went down to 35 okay I just followed
the Jenna the top jenna is awesome girls
just because I felt maybe that's what I
needed to do so no to it whenever I do a
lively I'll film the Top Contributor at
Davis because I feel like that's what
I'm supposed to be I've I don't know
what I'm supposed to do but I feel like
that's like thanks for hanging out with
me and I think like contributing so much
to my likely anyway I wasn't as stressed
as lively as more chill I think I got
the hang of it a little bit I just want
to talk about it real quick anybody all
right
giveaway time the winner of my secrets
dun dun dun is candy lizzy Liz one two
three on Instagram but I also stalked
you and I found your Twitter which is
candy lizzy liz on twitter i put your
social medias you have one my secrets
I hope they can stay between you were
might want things things getting out in
the world I have no idea what today's
giveaway is I'm going to find things
hold on I went to go find something and
I just started reading a journal from
college had died laughing then rose
again to read more and then I had to put
it away cuz it's awesome yeah it's
almost 10 and I have posted this blog
yet so still don't have somebody to give
away so let's just draw a picture oh I'm
so sorry
oh god I'm hilarious I was a fantastic
writer even back then I should publish
that as a book okay I finished I'm
giving away this smile plus this so sign
so if you want to win this social we got
your favorite part of the video link the
video tag me and I love you guys so much
I will see you tomorrow alright bye
