all right we are about to leave my
parents and most kollene just broke open
a box of journals that both her and I I
didn't even know I had still there were
some deep Asian that but we're about to
head out Cory is clearly ready I was
back back on for the past 15 minutes
it's not even past typical wire clothes
all over the bathroom floor and and the
bedroom no let's go find Khalifa
Colleen's Colleen's Colleen's Colleen's
Colleen's all of it Colleen's Colleen's
she's totally fat guys I got a flat tire
oops whoopsie doopsy and I didn't notice
it for a while and I'm pretty sure I
drove on it a couple times cuz my car
was feeling weird but didn't feel like a
pop tire because I've had pop tires
before they didn't feel like that
hopefully the rims okay but I can't take
it out until Tuesday hey whatever I got
a truck positive started getting a flat
tire I get to do all learning Sunday
video on how to change Italian I know
that's what you guys really want from me
I've genuinely not actually been wanting
to do a video on how to change a flat
because I feel like that's important for
everyone to know how to do but I haven't
had a car do it on now I do
thank you lord oh you'll keep Christmas
miracle two videos a day two videos a
day I just filmed two videos in today
cuz we y'all film me to be Tuesday
because thanks uh yeah I just filmed two
videos which good the last video I just
felt I'm talking quiet in it you'll see
why but that was very strange to not be
yelling throughout an entire video
there's a lot of self-control
come on tripod get down uh but now I
want to have a little fun stupid porn
you're not stupid I love you
I'm gonna wrap some Christmas presents
hopefully I didn't just show the
Christmas presents did I just show the
Christmas presents oops
okay it's time to wrap some Christmas
presents Christmas owed
I want pepper mice maybe maybe I
shouldn't turn the light off what I'm
talking to you maybe just a little
I want peppermint ice cream I'm not
gonna get it I just wanted to say it out
loud
all right I'm closing out this vlog I
know this one was short but I did two
really long lags now and I thought maybe
now it's a short one cuz there's so many
vlog misses happening and it's almost
Christmas time I don't know if you guys
still in school so here's a short block
I don't know how I have a boyfriend
anyway the winner of the peppermint bark
the least sentimental thing I've given
away is it now much sentimental oh my
gosh I'm so sorry Jenna is stressed at
jb d Colleen on Twitter sorry Jenna I
like that so much I apologize oh I need
a more personalized licking it made it
more personal
just give boys a little more personal
this one today in this I have written
eight secrets about me things that I
don't think that told the world they're
not huge juicy things well yeah it's up
to you if you if you think that juicy I
wrote a little note in it too this is
from the rapping I did in this vlog oh
the crystal traffic so I took my
wrapping paper and I wrote down some
secrets so if you wanna win my wrapping
up my secret thing did you see some
social media out your verify this video
tag me in it and link the video I love
you guys a lot hope you enjoy this its
identity its I mean they're just they're
lame there there are some secrets I love
you and I'll see you tomorrow okay bye
