hey ole I'm in Santa Barbara I didn't
vlog at all this morning I clicked 3:00
in the afternoon 4:00 in the afternoon
I'm in Santa Barbara with the whole fam
and we're gonna do the Christmas
decoration thing today at my parents
house and what tradition but right now
we are headed to Michaels crafts and bed
back on yawns a little Christmas
shopping done what we want to do on a
Saturday but you know towels only go in
this bin except for all the other things
look if you use this plate you lose
weight because that's how it works
make an Express quick way to death let
me feel hungry
oh yes Cory just said this poops out
queefs
yeah it's a video camera you put on your
wall so your kitten or dog sees it and
then they you can see them and then you
push a button and it poops out the Queen
ah that sounds so tasty
they eat the queefs oh look a colon
invented that on her last vlog in
medicine great you're just breaking the
Bath and Beyond
I just gave my dad two keys to the truck
to go put something in the truck I'm
feeling the truck will not be in the
same spot as I left it when I get back
to it rear bumper this time what it's
gonna be the rear bumper this time I've
been designated to sand in the Michaels
crash line before everyone's done
shopping
this is the michaelis craft line it goes
very far
fun oh my gosh Michaels crafts put a
chair down just for me they know me so
well okay we may or may not be getting
talked about right now giemon we may
know oh he's awake he's angry people
sent me big things in the p.o box bucks
there's a box my mom's been patiently
waiting for me to open them because she
gets my p.o box stuff for me I have no
idea who this is from so let's just open
it was it from its from I can't read
that
Daria da RI a I'm Skye I'm getting a
peek you li a maybe the inside will tell
us oh my gosh there's so many things in
here there's a dolt I've successfully
failed at gift wrapping no you haven't
this is beautiful this is a beautiful
wrapping job I'm so dead with happiness
okay there's a letter it's from - I know
Josh - Natasha girl oh you know I can't
say your name you would publish it on
Twitter she want to give away this week
thank you
really cool it's a doggy mug oh I am
dead there mary-kate and Ashley books
girl I'm obsessed with you
I can't I didn't know this existed all
right now this one's from Ava on the
sled
well this one's to Colleen I'll give
that to Colleen this one fit me my mom
gets more I'm excited about present with
anyone else
what'd you get don't know what don't get
your tinsel and a dangle I love or ever
open mind am I supposed to be waiting to
a Christmas oh oh my mom says no she's
very angry that I even suggested that
this is Feliz Navidad oh I thought
that's actually really cute you saved up
money for this girl
it's to Killeen and me okay hold on one
second
all right I got cool you smell like poop
all right clean this one's for both of
us no oh ma did you fer oh did you poop
maybe yeah mom mom mom slipper on puppy
shoes I'm into it they light up but it
did wait it happened for a second wait
live beyond I want this to work they're
not lighting up well whatever I'm
obsessed with them I think we should
wear the video and everyone okay
Thank You Ava Ava I open when I do to
you for me if you want to open it right
now we're gonna suck at hey by me you
didn't get it oh my god this is amazing
I know she's all I love this that's so
good Oh got you those boos hey MA oh you
have to hold it
oh there's candles Sabinas scented
candles oh this smells good
is it from Sabrina Sabrina the Teenage
Witch Sabeena not Sabrina I don't know
if I'm pronouncing it right but yeah we
follow each other on Twitter as well
she's amazing she's sending pictures of
her dog thank you so much I love yo all
right we're gonna get uh pizza I like my
hair are you recording
Doyle it says record is this is our cap
on it no oh okay
supple wretched thing and Colleen thinks
I'm not doing a workout when in fact
yeah I mean they all are behind me I am
look at while I can't string my time
if I could you'd be like whoa she's
really working out her core see the end
so let's make fun of them ha ha wait ha
ha Rachel's on her computer
ha ha ha ha cool means ok your hugs on
the ground now you're not working out
there you go missing my Santa foot okay
Tim painted a picture and that's it I'm
done
how do I turn it off same thing you
gotta commit to the know get your feet
off the ground you've never looked
better
you're making fun of my mom about some
exercise ball machine thing but you know
is right it's not much of a core workout
but it is fun oh but we're about to
decorate the Christmas tree you excited
oh I have enough I love your
announcement friended and it's literally
impossible to make my outfit I do
I brought three extra one thing
Crazy's up on there Mary did you leave
we all know that it was him we we're
gonna play guess who made that ornament
that's a better picture of it
jealous Cory I have another beam one
love it okay I'm letting my dad drive my
truck we're waiting for Colleen to come
out we're going to McDonald's of the
store we don't need to at all because
need an excuse no no stop it the gas is
very expensive do not wrap my engine
all right I'm closing out this video I
had so much fun decorating my trees my
family hello spending time with them
they're just the best okay so I'm a day
behind on the giveaways the person who
won the story of them from me I'm
writing the story thing yep it's just as
a mess at little baller underscore 24 on
Twitter and the person who won the piece
of fabric is cuddles Colleen on
Instagram and today's giveaway so I
think it's the lease sentimental thing
I'm giving away this week I bought these
little peppermint bark square things
Ghirardelli candies at the store for
video I'm not doing it and I bought two
and Matt ate one and um I love these are
they're my favorite but I think I have a
cavity so I'm trying to stay away from
sugar so someone want to take this off
my hands for me please so I don't kill
myself or my tooth you know what to do
social media your favorite part of the
video tag me in it and I love you guys
so much I'll see you tomorrow
Christmas is seven days away six I don't
even know hmm hello you guys bye
