one of my little ducklings have never
called you that before I apologize we
are on our way to go snowboard we're
stopping getting lunch right now but
then we're going go snowboard today's a
good day
I'm so sad see that mountain it's
supposed to have snow on it we drove all
the way here and for some reason neither
of us thought to check if they were even
open but like last night we looked
online and as wonderful times like I
said there's snow there's snow there's
snow and nothing said it's closed so we
just didn't call and we got here and
it's closed and I called their hotline
thing and it says it's closed due to
severe weather and I'll reopen on Sunday
with fresh snow what you'd think that
they post that on their snow condition
things that it's closed then anyway
there are so many people that are like
coming here and look this point in and
turn around but I guess it's time to go
home
No alright I'm home I showered I mean
I'm vomiting you do a snowboarding but
what are you gonna do about it
so instead bright side I have time to do
a little bit more work and then I'm
gonna go over Christopher's and
Jessica's and watch elf with their
children cuz that's my favorite movie
and they have not seen it yet
I think Killeen shall be joining us
maybe Cory I don't know I don't know
anything so I'm gonna get dinner soon
with Matthew and then go on over Christ
first I just it's more Christmas present
wrapping I'm not even close to being
done I think it is about four or five
presents I'm just waiting for our food
to get here and then I'm gonna go to
Christopher and Jessica as I ordered
food I thought it would be fast it's not
fast it's not fast at all all right I
just got dickerson Jessica's and there
are children here and there's a Colleen
here and we're about to watch elf whoa
are you projecting it on the wall that's
magic it's a movie night I've never been
to one of your movie night yeah this is
serious business
poins currently drinking an expired coke
one of my dreams is mr. reasoner girl
comes like it's expired I hope you don't
mind when you have expired coke
I don't drink Coke so I had um I bought
it for magic shows
haha coke but I haven't done magic shows
in like over a year so the coke is fun
Hannah no I could do that if you don't
mind taking a break from the movie
I was gonna vlog this but we're getting
a Rachel rusev here just discovered this
is this where you keep them all don't
know what's happening well work clearly
one is just busted open why and how I
don't know but there's like mold growing
in it it's disgusting I have to throw
this way is this what you gave Colleen
she's gonna die
she's just gonna die but like what her
off the camera but grabbed it by the
strap this one feels empty
that's disgusting this little foam
there's fungus just there came in eating
a gingerbread man it's so festive I got
one time to eat it
laughs good crystal now I'm making
brownies
I don't even know where we have this
much candy Oh didn't even see it
candy uh-huh sure I went out and made
clean by brownie mix and now I'm making
Christopher make them would you like
some kombucha know is that payback for
making you make brownies no it's good
probiotics for your body so online I
don't I don't want it I don't want that
they're gonna get upset if you don't
drink the cup each other who's gonna be
upset then the world
yeah I don't think you guys would be
upset if I didn't drink kombucha I've
had in Gucci before I don't know what I
don't know if I want your homemade
kombucha I see it okay yeah you guys are
always doing weird things like what
kombucha fertilizing things I can't you
why would I want to drink that
that looks diarrhea you'd like someone
diarrhea to applesauce oh don't do it
that is oh it is not even focusing
because it hates it so much ah that is a
layer of skin you're brewing skin it
smell it you're brewing skins melon
don't want to smell it that's that's the
smells like moldy fruit leather you
could drink some has your skin hmm those
healthy probiotics are working for my
good bacteria in my gut
drinking skin moldy fruit leather
applesauce poops can't lives under the
skin somebody not just their skin
Christopher is making the brownies with
coconut oil that's not that's not how
you make brownies suggested using olive
oil I don't know any other oil but look
at the foil it goes with our vegetable
oil that's not a vegetable this will be
delicious not a vegetable for your skin
not a vegetable so how you wish dries
daily we don't have enough coconut oil
to make brownies wait use olive oil I
saw all of us I got something special
can I follow look at him run oh it's
more compound oh come on like seven jars
in the in the garage
why did you think that we were out then
remember that I had a Miss a guide and
its problems I was build a store and buy
more coconut oil sipping and I was
looking over well never I just when I
thought I got away with no coconut oil
on this family Rachel I just did my
first lively which is a part of
musically that was a mess I have no idea
what was going on
Christopher no sir like you should do it
it's fun and I was like ah alright
they've been talking to me about it for
a while and I'm here so why not
that was stressful and pregnant guys
can't watch it back it just disappears
what well I guess it's like a fun thing
to do when I'm just not home and I'm
bored anyway we made brownies
Christopher did well I mean if you
wanted to go home it's late I need to go
home to dish so I was driving home and
completely missed my exit and ended up
at the exit for in and out and I'm like
you forgot it twist my arm might as well
get in and out you can't see that that's
in and out it's just a building with a
red stripe on it that's in and out so
I'm gonna surprise Matt with some burger
lyrically sleep tomorrow I am going to
my parents house to decorate our
Christmas tree have some family time
decorate the family trees tradition how
to keep with traditions every huge
tradition person I love traditions
that's all alright that's it for this
vlog I will announce the winner to the
book story thing next uh next vlog I
just not home to look through stuff mom
I need to give something away in this
giveaway okay hold on I'm I find
something with my mom ok my mom has
something for the giveaway oh you
shocked me
shocking personality ugh this is my test
fabric that I make sure the stitch is
correct and it wasn't so this one was
this one's not so there you go all right
and that will match someone in the
families by commas oh you just up the
game if you want to win my mom's scrap a
fabric that will match someone in this
family's pajamas please it's a social
media out this video with your favorite
part tag me in it and I love you guys
and I'll see you later ok thank you
