it's supposed to rain today yes Ryan
come to me Noah my water bill please
good morning today I think I'm gonna get
my truck taken in to take a look at that
bumper and then I'm going to film two
videos and I have to go to Burton again
because you know how we got the
snowboards and stuff but the bindings
Matt wanted weren't supposed to come in
until yesterday yesterday call and they
said nope try again tomorrow
so hopefully they have him today or else
we people REI good a different color one
that he wants very specific and what he
likes anyway that's my life deal with it
well the F ker age this is one of the
big cups and it usually stops filling
when it hits here why is it filling also
that's not black that's brown I haven't
even added creamer yet what's happening
Keurig I'm scared to drink that I don't
think I'm gonna drink this I don't like
that let me make some coffee is that I
didn't trust it that's normal see how
it's low in his dark black to map how my
coffee that was leftover from yesterday
he's back in a thing despite me if he
did I had my cup yesterday that was like
had this much coffee left in it it was
that mug I think he put that mug back in
the Keurig because my phone not yours
the mug was under the Keurig so I just
press go I think he did that despite me
two dingy was a man he is mad at me cuz
I leave cups and cans and bottles half
full all over the house oops I'm having
an issue the mailman put my package in
one of these big mail box things that I
can't get it out ya see it hot stuck up
here give me a minute
I can't
guy here's the crack I'm about to go get
looked at / fix to see how that's like
this is like styrofoam I don't
understand it is fully styrofoam why on
earth did you make a bumper out of
styrofoam me who is like oh yeah the
stuff that runs into stuff most often
let's make that the most breakable good
okay one Colleen just announced season 2
so yeah season 2 haters back off so
Christopher go clean focus fire go clean
but Miranda go haters go back and Papa
Sal's on Papa Papa yeah they just
announced that which is awesome but
anyway so proud corona back to my truck
because I owe the guy was like listen
I'm going to lunch in 10 minutes so I'll
email you an estimate because everything
you need truck is aftermarket which
means it's really difficult to figure
out the pricing so it'll take me about
an hour so I'll do it after my lunch and
I'll email you so neat
alright I haven't sent out giveaway
stuff in a rhythm time how many things
I've send out six things to send out so
got my bag of things to give away and
it's time to label them all
boom five addressed and filled envelopes
I was gonna do six but one of the
addresses uh wasn't an address
I always typed them into Google if it's
like an overseas address like England or
something and this person didn't say
what country they were from but it
wasn't an American address so I typed it
into Google map so like does not exist
it's like neat awesome so to message
that person later and ask for a real
address all right I got a track estimate
not as expensive as I thought it would
be so that's a plus but I am an
appointment for the 21st taking you on
the 21st so it'll be fixed by Christmas
a Christmas miracle we talked about this
guys parking job whole row Edie's Park
like this or she I don't know what are
you doing what are you doing
look at the space what are you doing I
hate people that are inconsiderate of
other people driving like the worst
parking job I've ever seen in my life
and I've seen a lot of bad ones
we just got mat bindings for a snowboard
so we are set to go snowboarding
tomorrow
all right so I'm gonna go grab a coffee
and then I'm gonna work for like ten
hours straight the briefs will give me
an extra shot just what I need it keeps
me away Thank You coffee bean barista
thank you oh this all right time to go
into work zone people gotta edit and
post my blog got a film to videos I have
to do three more images for my book and
then send those in and then I have to
send out good energy to the people where
the sirens are going get in there Jake
um and then I have to figure out I have
to do my taxes basically yeah are you
ready okay it's 4:08 looking for
Rachel's room questions and we're going
to add at my blog I've been looking for
Rachel's room questions I done realize I
need that at my blog ah edit it
time to set up to film a Rachel's room
alright now I'm going to use this camera
put on that tripod film erases room
first we'll switch out the battery and
that changed the SD card yet I blocked
exported I have to upload that alright
I'm uploading my blog and then I have to
make it some nail for it while it's
uploading and once that's uploaded I can
film I'm trying to twelve things about
that's not that difficult it's just I
have to keep remembering what to do my
job
I mean some of the parts of my job for
typical not a lot but mainly it's just
remembering ah I'm the worst
what did I call this vlog expired eggnog
process faster I have to tell alright
Rachel's room filmed oh wow oh it's
raining outside and there's so much
traffic cuz people in California don't
know how to drive them a brain also cuz
it's five also when I filmed that
Rachel's room I got really bad swept it
oh good thing I need to change my shirt
before the next video I have them okay
all this stuff just gets in my way I'm
really hyper that extra shot just got me
just film the second video in your face
alright I went out to dinner
got some Dindin I had a veggie burger
which I don't ever have but it was
actually quite delicious we went to this
place that's like usually really heavy
food and I feel gross afterwards
something I just get a veggie burger and
see if that helps and it was good anyway
I just did one image for my book and now
I have to do two more I'm done with the
book and I have to respond to another
email and they're done the work for the
day and the thing but I keep getting
distracted by Twitter I like on my
computer on friggin Photoshop editing
photos and I'm like oh I take a break a
crack right neck and I'm like oh what's
right so let's put her and I go on
Twitter and I'm stuck in a Twitter hole
for a half hour that's why I get no work
done Twitter so addicting I
think Matt is watching the Rams game
hold on
what are oh that was sad we just got
sacked but what are the Seahawks
uniforms
what is that get out of there nasty hey
he just got a 15-yard penalty for doing
that little day
so that sack actually helps us you don't
know anything about football but if you
let me teach you you would know
everything I did it I did the book pages
I did the three book pages at 10:30 I
finished those but now I got to do some
taxes work I do my taxes in January
because why wait till April oh my god my
computer broke it won't let go of this
get off of me what is this my computer
broke it won't freaking how do I get off
stop it ah
Oh No yeah get really really computer I
press escape delete enter it won't get
off of this thing
I'm gonna have to freaking manually shut
down control quick control quick quick
quick
it won't like this is the last thing I
need right now this moment in my life is
the last thing I need now if I turn the
mouse off Mouse's off let's turn it back
on and see what happens
Napster was saying still the zig zag say
oh I don't want to do my computer off
I'm so much stuff up and huh why just
why I'm trying to get this done I'm
almost done with the tax stuff why don't
you work I just have to see how many
days I was out of town that's all it
just quit that computer okay now it just
had a freakout it's okay now no oh we're
good thanks for letting me complain for
a minute now it broke again it broke
again guys don't worry it once again has
broken okay I just want to finish this
so I can watch an episode of Game of
Thrones then wake up and go snowboarding
I'm restarting it I give up
hey how about you work this time how
about you freakin work this time huh huh
huh look it's me I did it
it is 12:40 am i completed my to-do list
how do I look tired
alright I'm gonna go watch an episode of
something I wanted to watch Game of
Thrones but that's gonna be too long of
a show so I'm gonna go watch the
30-minute show and then fall asleep
and I'll close this out tomorrow I don't
have the energy for now see you in a
second
he was like these long vlogs I decided
to a super long vlog today just because
the rest
I've always been really short and I
wanted to mix it up and see if you guys
actually liked it but enough of that
and we just tweet me tell me for comment
tell me anyway
giveaway that's what you care about the
poem the winner of the poem is British
MuRF anda on Instagram
I think her actual name is Nicole so
British my friend that you want I'm
about to DM you so if you could DM me
back that'd be neat
so today's to it you guys like it when I
write things so what I'm going to do is
I'm gonna pick someone and write a story
for them I don't know how intense I'm
gonna get I might draw pictures I might
not we don't know yet I am about to be a
published author so having a published
author write a story about you I think
it's pretty epic anyway so uh yeah if
you want me to write a story for you
slash about you again I will have to
stop your social media to find things
out about you so if we want me to stalk
you social media out this video tag me
in it and tell me your favorite part and
you have a chance to win a story about
you written by me soon-to-be published
author buy my book love you guys talk to
you later
Thanks
member
you
member
