oh hello I'll actually talk now I am on
my way to the grocery store to get stuff
for videos I decided that I have to film
two videos a week for the next week -
Friday and then I should be good to go
but I figure a grocery store - good
stuff for duh-da video
Matt made me that stir-fry you saw what
cook so I just wanted the store did you
stop me to drive there and I was getting
eggnog I got home and realized the
eggnog is like a week expired oh I can't
do my video with that so now I have to
go back to the grocery store and get
different ink on look at that it expires
on the 12th it's the 14th and they
allowed to sell you expired food I feel
like that's extremely illegal I don't
know if you're gonna take it back but I
have to get fresh eggnog I don't know
how but I grabbed the only eggnog that
was expired I'm a magician
I got a good kind though time to film
all right I film two videos today
in which you're so confident and you saw
so two videos a day guys we can do it I
did two today and I know the two I'm
filming tomorrow I could technically
film them today now I guess pace myself
or also get too angry at them but I'm
gonna edit one of them and I got some
book stuff to do and some other things
to do apologies okay I just edited one
video took me about an hour not bad at
all pretty quick if you ask me I'm the
one telling you so I mean I'm right now
I'm gonna upload it and add another one
maybe I'm doing dinner soon 5:45 I feel
like I should eat dinner new that's
probably smart I'm updating my phone
hopefully it doesn't ruin it even more
they do it faster I want to play my
games alright
I had it as both the videos and I
responded to some emails I'm done
working for tonight I'll work on my book
pages tomorrow and film two more videos
two videos a day two videos a day we can
do it you and I it's more me than you
you're not doing anything you're
watching it which is helpful
alright I'm closing out this vlog the
winner let's just skip right to it all
you guys care about is the giveaways the
winner of what did I go away oh the
Internet sign internet best friend sign
Dasha Dasha I don't know how to
pronounce her name I know I've
pronounced it wrong before but I love
you so much Rachel be on Twitter I damn
do so give me your address
also people if I ask you for your
address and you live not in America
please tell me which country you do live
in because I don't know other addresses
listen it doesn't make sense to me
today's giveaway I decided I want to
write someone a poem so I used to do
this at high school I used to write
poems all day left and right they're
stupid like not like oh my heart
actually I have done some evil ones but
I used to do it all the time and I
haven't done it a really long time and I
want to write someone a poem and I was
just gonna write one
right now handwrite it and like give it
away but I want to make it special to
you so I will start whatever social
media you have and I will write a poem
just dedicated to you this is a lot of
work and it will be stupid but it'll be
fun all right so you know the rules
social media out your favorite part of
this vlog tag me in it put the link to
the video in it Instagram Facebook
Twitter is there other social medias
that I can do this on I don't know no
just those three I think but yeah okay I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching I hope you enjoyed this and I
will see you tomorrow bye guys 10 days
till Christmas
