good morning nice afternoon it's one I'm
getting lunch right now with Matthew so
yesterday we were supposed to buy the
snowboards effort and then we're like no
let's do it online because they don't
have something that we want and then we
went online and I didn't have snowboards
online so I'm going back to Burton today
to get the snowboards I will get those
snowboards and I will get them for 20%
off oh look I'm so healthy a salad
mashed potatoes hot potatoes
you've been looking so damn hot you got
that why does this car Oh
jiggly why does this kind of three
all-access like clean air stickers it
only needs one it's got three that's
just showing off at this point actually
by the things this time
got the snowboards purchase accept the
bindings met once aren't coming until
tomorrow so I could call again tomorrow
mmm and I'll send them to me very
excited about the whole thing
also Matt Damon was in there I'm at the
Burton on Melrose Avenue in LA and I'm
just so Matt Damon I didn't say anything
and I didn't even smile at him I made
eye contact him looked away really
quickly good me um yeah that was cool
that's all my internet went out and it
won't turn back on this is I'm uploading
a vlog and then the internet just
stopped working neat I unplugged it and
plugged it back in and it still won't
connect very annoying when it's you jump
to being the other than that and there's
no internet I don't know what that
accident was or why I did it and it's
back I just had to complain about it a
little bit and then it works that's how
life works for me I complained that it
happens okay I'm working and there's
more book drama I'm sending in more
pages to them but they need more now I
think this is like my drawings and my
photos that I do myself yeah that's what
I'm doing the past hour I really need to
stockpile videos and I have enabled to
film any because I've been working other
stuff but come Christmas time I'm gonna
be out of town for like two and a half
weeks and we'll be able to film so I
need to film all of that before I leave
for Christmas little scrap I'll be able
to do it though grocery shopping time
it's grocery shopping time before you
drop
and I'm just paying for the groceries
oh right
why is my camera being so in my face
this is happening why does it
automatically figure out my life here
anyway do you guys like shorter plots
and longer blogs I feel like longer
vlogs you're like I don't have time to
watch that but sort of large like why
didn't you film more I need to know a
good length of time for a vlog so if you
could tweet me or just comment below
what's a good length for a blog anyway
it's giveaway time the person who won
the felt heart is Ellie is shook at Coco
X underscore Colleen on Twitter and then
today solicit I made a little sign that
says internet best friends it's a really
good sign I know and what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna cut it in half and send out
one half to one of you and then I keep
the other half and then if we ever meet
we stick them together it's really lame
I know Pony didn't giveaways oh my god
this is like the 13th giveaway did you
think I was gonna keep going up with
great ideas why are these are so small
children cutting in half boom did it
okay I'll send up the in to best week
and I'll keep the limit T bins why so
much fun of that I promise to always
keep this half okay I'll keep this half
but I will be giving away this half so
if you want to win this social media
favorite part of the video tag me in it
and then that'll be it and you have a
chance to win there's so legs I love it
ok that's it for today I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow ok bye sure
see me up in the pulpit the Louisville
girls I'll sit in the back down the bank
my girl in room with my sitting low
