hey guys I found a dog we are at Burton
I'm picking up I'm flying snowboards I
loved it so much I want to go every week
and so I don't want to keep renting so
I'm buying snowboards I'm doing it don't
judge me for it I'm very excited and
happy
I think I'm gonna get this one but more
importantly the dog walked away and it
made me sad alright so we decided to buy
everything online because there's better
styles online like color wise and we
have a 20% coupon 20 was not coupon
that's why we're doing this so we have a
coupon people I'm becoming one of those
but we're gonna buy it all online
Sears take a lot out of you my legs hurt
still close I ordered from Black Friday
just arrived should I give you guys a
fashion show
I don't know how much I like this shirt
it's a weird material it's like thick
ish I don't know did you like the
fashion show I just found out that my
camera can do this oh it's not good my
phone just buzzed I'm so many emails
what is it doing it
hey I feel another way to zoom none of
you care also it is the next day so I am
doing different clothes and this is my
style today I didn't film much yesterday
I watched a game of Thrones for about
five hours whoops
but it is giveaway time okay the winner
of the mallanna book is Brooke Megan
from Facebook I commented on your video
when let me private message you so if
you can private message me your address
that'd be great and the ring that caused
all the drama which I know where it went
well goes to ho-ho Haley at kill ya on
Twitter
alright oh and today's giveaway we give
Hawaii today what do I see
put up the tree
I'm gonna give out my heart in the fuzz
in my mouth so much of the fuzz was in
my mouth a little bit I'm giving away my
heart I'm so lame okay
but this is what I'm giving away today
this little felt heart with the face on
it says I love you on the back and I've
kissed it and gone all the buzz in my
mouth so this is the giveaway social
media out your favorite part the video
and tag me in it so I know and I love
you guys so much thank you so much for
watching this this is where I keep all
the stuff in this little bag and I'll
see you tomorrow yeah oh no I got
Sharpie all over my desk oh no oh no
it's a Sharpie cattell I need to clean
that come through magic eraser you got
most of it out full and all right I love
you guys I'll see you tomorrow
bang
