all right we're leaving Big Bear in like
20 minutes why I had to go take the
trash to a trash site they don't have
garbageman and Big Bang instead of thing
I mean I guess it'd be pretty hard for
garbage trucks to drive on these roads
in the snow they yeah I've never had to
do that before now I'm just going to go
home but everyone's luggage is on track
and we're gonna drive back have fun here
I had a lot of fun
Oh and yesterday no clean crash my truck
there is a crack in the bumper it's not
a big deal though like I thought that if
something ever happened my truck
I'd like cry and be so upset and torn up
over it and I really wasn't I was
genuinely like I didn't care the second
I saw her freaking out I was like this
is just a thing this is a truck it can
be fixed if I wanted to get fixed which
won't get it fixed not a big deal and I
just felt bad that she felt so bad and I
was like it's it's truly not a big deal
it's a thing this is the thing it
doesn't matter like yeah it's beautiful
and I love it but it's just a thing and
I just felt so bad that she felt bad
what we do here just go back back back
back back back
we drove home from Big Bear we are home
it is home now time uh today without one
man I we got home when we go out to
lunch and as I was walking into habit I
heard some guys go hey dude
that's the car the fool we robbed it's
just like neat great I just heard that
you said that you robbed somebody that's
this car and I just kept walking I
didn't say anything
oh the world we live in anyway I'm not
much is happening I'm working whenever I
take you know me after I take vacations
I have to come back and work 24/7 um I
had so much fun snowboarding though like
ridiculous amounts of fun buddies posted
my Sunday video and of course I was
writing on a whiteboard in it and I mean
I was just writing quickly on a
whiteboard you can read my handwriting
and of course I misspelled things just
because I'm not the smartest person in
the world I am human I make mistakes so
naturally that's the only thing people
are talking about I just I'm so over it
it makes me not want to post things
that's all yeah it makes it just makes
me really angry and sad and annoyed like
I reread things 20 times before I post
them because I'm so scared of do you
guys that's the only thing you guys see
and it's just rude I think it's just
rude I'm going on Twitter I see a
million and two typos because you're
human and I don't go idiot and then
tweet you out how you miss boundless I'm
just like no I read it I know exactly
what you meant to say so I keep going
and unless you're insulting me and you
make a typo in your insult then I'm like
haha anyway I just don't get why people
do it I really don't and there was a
comic grammar nazi' I'm like you just
said that you're the most annoying
person on the planet that's what you
just said to me also you literally
called yourself a Nazi how in the world
do you think that's a positive thing a
good trait something that everyone can
be like oh I'm so happy you're that I'm
so happy you're a form of Nazi but come
on Matt got me a mo peppermint mocha
latte at least he loves me I was having
a good day I was working I was fine I
was enjoying my work I don't I went on
Twitter and I just ruined me I'm gonna
go do something else my whole body just
hurt
like dis LM so much pain and I'm so
exhausted
I love snowboarding down can't wait to
again but I want to talk about this
little rig that caused a lot of drama on
the internet
mainly snapchat and Twitter but um yeah
at the bowling alley as gluten our lady
leaving she's like hey I guess and it
was it was these little tiny ranks and
she bought three of them for me Matt and
himself but I put mine on the only
finger it fits on is my ring finger and
having to meet a lot like this is the
average size for a ring per girl and
it's just very pretty here I put it on
and I completely forgot about it and
then this morning I was snapchatting in
big barrels like I haven't snapchat in a
while so wherever I did this one this is
a good week excited we can you although
I got engaged did not get engaged I mean
it's it was 25 cent ring if this was
written that someone proposed to me with
I wouldn't be mad rings a ring but nope
yeah so sorry for causing that drama did
not mean to but I would like to point
out that this ring it's aluminum painted
red and they just scratched the red off
and that's how they made the star
diamond sparkle quality ring anyway I
just wanted to say sorry sorry if I
freaked you out I didn't get engaged I
just generally didn't think about it um
yeah that's all I decided for the
giveaway today I'm giving away that ring
so if you want to run that right social
media out of this video with your
favorite part also isla del sol 'nor of
the last one the next vlog or have it
searched it is so stressful picking a
winner I feel so bad because you're all
amazing and I want to give you all
everything that ever happened it's
really stressful I don't feel like going
through the stress right now okay just
leave me alone about it oh no seriously
you guys are like the cutest and I love
you guys and it is genuinely is hard to
pick someone because I don't want to
make the rest of you sad if you don't
win it okay you're uneven do you ever
deal with this business
they're very uneven okay now they're
even but wait I got it this is a great
angle to this where's my hood where is
my hood struggling yeah
it struggles like go to for your OCD
okay that's it for this vlog I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow
okay thank you
