Merry Christmas Eve this is the first
time I picked up my blog camera because
I've been looming all day we have one
more load to do that we're gonna do
later tonight
I had my walk throw the 26 at Tim 8:10
a.m. and I was like well we could do
stuff tomorrow I was like no watch for
anything on Christmas oh one day I don't
have to move something no Matt Coleen's
now and my dad's cutting Brussels
sprouts for I don't know what what's
that for Oh delicious delicious I did
not know that's how that grew I thought
they came in bags Queens of the world
anyway they're doing Christmas cookie
party stuff which is that Christopher in
Jessica's this year but we're baking
here and I'm helping so much so much
friends here
hi are you still sick here the flus
throwing up yesterday
hi socks sorry
I got a vlog up when I'm home I don't
edit because I have so many other things
to do so I came over to Colleen's and I
was like oh I could help in the kitchen
oh I could edit the vlog so I edited a
postive ugh Colleen just fed us a
delicious delicious salmon dinner and
then me and my dad are gotta go move a
refrigerator and then come back and I
think we're gonna decorate a tree my dad
and I are on our annual running to the
grocery store for Colleen and mom trip
happens every year so we got the fridge
and the barbecue and everything I don't
know if I told you that's what we were
doing my dad and I went over and moved
things from my rental and so Matt is
going back and cleaning it and then
we're done we're done with that house
he's going but he think there's like
three more things he had to clean but
we're gonna grab whatever clean my mom
need from this long list they just sent
us and I work or decorate a Christmas
tree
time to decorate
it's Martinelli's with ice in it I think
everyone got tired and then we stopped
we dwindled off from the tree there's no
stopping point we all just kind of
dwindled away but the best ornament on
tree by far is this one or this one
focus on my beauty focus part
I lied we have to do the angel and then
we're done with the tree so it's time
for the angel focus I look healthy from
this
I want to apologize for the fact that
this vlog is going up four days late but
this was the last Merry happiness that
happened because when we fell asleep in
the next morning I woke up and started
puking all of Christmas so I don't have
a Christmas vlog I don't have any blog
until I start walking yesterday so that
was my Christmas celebration right there
the flu had a lot of my family but we're
all okay now we all survived that was it
I love you guys I hope you had a very
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays remember
you celebrate I hope that it was awesome
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
tomorrow okay bye
