look at their snow everyone from not
California Haiti right now but yes so I
don't ever get to see that and I love
seeing it in small quantities that's a
good small quantity it's early and I'm
going to go read snowboards for me and
Matthew ah before we actually go
snowboarding that's all I'm so happy
all right I got the snowboards and the
bindings she's the only thing we need it
but it's 9:00 a.m. and I'm the only one
away I wanted to be snowboarding idiom
but some people like to sleep rude what
is sleep when you can yep why would you
sleep when you would be having fun
people um it's actually why I wouldn't
take naps as a kid I was too scared I'd
miss out on something I'm not paying it
and I make some coffee though because uh
oh I'm winded I'm going to not be able
to snowboard very long look at me I
changed him to snow pants hey oh look at
that nice lift but that thing shit
I have knee pads butt pads so I can
follow my hips and butt and not get
super destroyed and socks on under pair
of pants and these it's not even that
cold
I just need all this protective gear
because I'm gonna fall a lot and I don't
wanna get all bruised and broken I'll
just open my fence hey Oh snow gear is
very entertaining to me because I've
never had it before so sorry for
everyone who thinks I'm a complete idiot
I'm a complete idiot snow snow snow snow
um oh that's my jam
no it's not mine it's not broken yours
is fully broken yours is broken I am
ready to snowboard I went on my first
run I fell a lot when I were on the ski
lift going to the second one
all right we're taking a break we are
gonna go get lunch
cooling sticking me up in my truck
kollene has driven my truck
she didn't crash it yet I'm proud of her
um but anyway now we're taking a break I
had a lot of fun I kind of picked it up
well I think maybe I don't know I was on
the bunny slips though we're gonna come
back a little later I am back at the
cabin we haven't eaten yet I changed
into normal clothes so that we can go to
a deli I don't know
sandwiches are always a good choice I
got really sweaty and I got like really
really really sweaty guys like super
sweaty but I had a lot of fun and we're
going back out later my knees hurt I ate
lunch I didn't show you though so deal
with it
but I think we're gonna change and go
back out into the mountain what's up my
body hurts but I want to hurt it more
that was not sexually
I'm on the mountain I picked it up
pretty quickly disregard me laying on
the snow this was on purpose I picked it
up pretty quickly though halfway down a
mountain taking a break much basil's red
I'm hot it's really hot here so we were
so boarding down and all the sudden we
realize there are no people and that the
snowboarding stopped Mike shut down the
mountain and we had no idea
I remember earlier when I said Colleen
was driving my truck and she has it
crashed it yet
guess what Colleen just did yeah she
didn't do a lot it wasn't a lot but she
definitely ran into this it's not bad at
all it's a little scrape it's not a big
deal but go and crash my truck she feels
bad though it's literally dirt it's not
a big deal I'm so so yeah you don't have
to feel bad I do
Oh real bad I'm gonna sketch 700
scratches on this within the next year I
promise you it's fine you're it's not a
problem
I was just overdramatic sizing it for
this vlog
you guys made Killeen cry it's way later
and we've decided to go bowling
so let's do this balls so because it
relates arm injury with all decided to
both left-handed yes I've been actin
agree to it we're just going to make any
no answers we agree to it
I sucked it left-handed this is terrible
and my fingers hurt that I used to this
listen I believe what it is racing games
and I've never come in first and I
finally came in first and it gave me a
free game I thought that was the point
of these things if you put in first
place you get a free game
I'm very eye cream all right I'm closing
out this vlog the giveaways the person
who won the little post notes with the
messages on it which is somewhere behind
me that is Alana at Rachel featuring
Cory on Twitter and then the person who
won the snow boarding pass is Ballinger
sisters sleigh on Instagram I've set you
both messages so please respond or check
them new things if you still want them
oh and in today's giveaway so this is
hashtag not ad but when I went to Hawaii
Disney sent me there from the Moana
thing they gave me a bunch of Moana
stuff and they gave me one of these
mulatto books and it's a story of Moana
and things seriously hashtag not at the
moment if you want this this is a
giveaway I'm going to sign it and write
a little note in it cuz I'm cute like
that so yeah you know the deal social
media out this video with your favorite
part tagged me in it and you have a
chance to win this thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow okay cool bye
you
you
