I'll hug a mess
so I'm get it I took my truck and to get
a truck bed cover put on so I'm going to
the snow tonight I'm on in the snow so I
needed the truck bed cover on my luggage
shakes go in the bed and I don't want to
get wet or rained on or snowed on so
while that's happening I'm at Denny's
getting myself food by myself fun and
being judged for this moment it's okay a
palace or some grand o reopening of the
Denny's there's a Santa Claus and a DJ
in a bacon costume mother I'm awesome no
you're not dude don't mom awesome drive
around in my mom drive awesome quarter
of my life gone by I don't know I don't
know alright I got a bed the cover put
on my trucks and I'll have better gas
mileage and my luggage won't get gross
when I Drive to Big Bear but now I'm
gonna go home and work before I leave
tonight
all the music get back on okay alright I
am now in a grocery store hopefully to
find it Timothy is where I can take a
picture of myself picking a wedgie
that's what's happening okay so I just
had to go into the grocery store and for
my book I need picture of me picking a
wedgie in public and so I just had to
pick a wedgie in public multiple times
to make sure I got the shot this by
myself set up the self timer Oh
pre-ordered my book so I was in my
office working as normal and then Cohen
called me and said hi I just ordered 600
pieces of cheesecake come over and do a
video so here I am melting I'm obsessed
with you that's on the table oh my god I
never won't eat cheesecake ever again in
my entire life I mean I will cause
exaggeration I'll eat more later not
today but like in life alley
I ate a lot of cheese cake that was a
lot of cheesecake I'm gonna go home and
pack for Big Bear goodbye all right so
I'm packing up for Big Bear oh I'm doing
it it's there doing it
the Mets are on the way to take bear a
mess we are in RMS and we stopped to end
up because it's deep forever it's a
three-hour drive it's only 89 miles you
think it would take 89 minutes I know I
do I always think that I'm in Big Bear
also why are the aisles in these grocery
stores terrible I could get anywhere
anyway uh we're stopped at the grocery
store to make sure that we have things
for the cabin
kollene is freezing so she's sitting by
the fire it's not exploding stop all
right uh closing out this vlog I love
you guys I am in big bear as you know
from the photo Jesus wash I really don't
know why I told you that it's giveaway
time so I am closing this out a day late
so I have my snow pass nice ski lifts
pass from earlier today and you have a
chance to win it so Instagram Twitter or
Facebook out your favorite part of this
video link the video tag me you have a
chance to win it I'll announce the
winners are the post-it notes and this
and everything tomorrow I'm just not at
home to look at my computer and be
organized I love you guys thank you for
watching and see you later bye
