so you know I just asked talking about
my book I'm not peeing coffees being
made a second round my mood yesterday um
well I just discussed it with my
publisher further and I have to come up
with eight more drawing slash pictures
for my book today this is all on me I
could have just got things well they
know I love what I put in there I'm not
cutting anything I'm like Oh take it I
just put more work on myself so the book
would be the way I want the book to be
yeah so I have to edit and post the
Rachel's room edit and post yesterday's
vlog and then take a bunch of pictures
or drawings and come up with the ideas
for them
I'm genuinely going crazy I've been in
this apartment all day
Oh Kelly except when I went to Whole
Foods once but I've been working on this
book
I've Nora got videos I'm not complaining
I'm just stating what's happening but
I'm going a little crazy and this is
gonna go where's the Block in the entire
world at least I look really good this
is what happens when I don't wash my
hair I didn't wash my hair today I wash
it every day I didn't wash it today
because I'm trying to train it to wash
every other day anyway I need to do
something for you guys this vlog but I
don't know what to do I do have to go to
the grocery store and get someone to
take a picture of me picking away G in
public from my book you don't know that
I didn't say it but Cooley's not
responding that's not gonna do it
because he doesn't like when I picked my
wedgies all of my best friends live
nowhere near me this is dark shark and
John the fact of New York
why don't you come take a picture
Rihanna grocery store picking my wedgie
thank you
literally still in the same spot all day
all decks done this weekend I'm going
out of town snowboarding so there will
be fun folks this week I might fall
asleep and then wake up and do something
entertaining for yo cuz I feel bad I
feel bad that I don't have good content
to give you right now
it truly aches my heart you can watch a
video upload is that fun is that it's
processing it's not uploading so what
happens is it uploads and then it
processes nope not entertaining look I'm
back in the exact same spot it's the
next day and I didn't do anything I did
absolutely nothing entertaining to you
guys I did my book I did my work and
that was it so I truly apologize for
this boring lame vlog but this weekend
will be a lot more fun I've already done
stuff today that is for tomorrow's vlog
that's more entertaining than anything I
did in this vlog but let's do a giveaway
shall we first the person who won the
Jamba Juice gift card with sixty seven
sixty five cents left on it is PB&J
underscore forever underscore and
underscore always on Instagram
and for today's giveaway oh I messaged
you on Instagram that human I don't know
your name today's giveaway I wrote
little notes there's seven little
post-its here and I wrote a little note
on each one of them and for today's
giveaway I'm not gonna make you tweet
out your favorite part because there's
no favorite part just social media out
that you want it you don't have to tweet
out your favorite part of the video or
whatever just social media out if you
want this and tag me in the fact that
you want it that's all just little
things anyway that's it sorry again for
this very short very unentertaining vlog
my fault oh well I love you guys so much
I'll see you tomorrow okay
