hi guys welcome to today I it is
Wednesday so matt has taken me to a
waffle Wednesday party of him and I
eating waffles I'm very excited it's so
much romance
all right waffles were delicious but now
I have a knee doctor appointment my
knees have been hurting a lot more than
I had past two months hopefully this
point it helps before I go snowboarding
this weekend okay my appointment is at
2:45 and I've known that and for some
reason I was like I have to be I have to
leave by 1:55 so I have to get there by
2:15 but I never thought my appointment
was at 2:15 I don't know what just
happened like I left a 40 minutes early
and I don't know why so now I'm like
turning back around and going to the
grocery store to kill time since I'm RT
out but like why did my bring do that my
brains an idiot like what I mean I
didn't have to leave till 2:30 why my
brain does that I'm so confused
all right no grocery store I decided to
get gas instead hashtag not ad I'm still
gonna be super early to my appointment
whatever
everyone likes sitting in a doctor's
waiting room right just me no yes you
used to call me on my cell phone a night
when
call me on my cell phone late night when
you need my love and I know when I line
play I'm just sitting in the parking lot
it's dark in here I don't want to go in
uh I'll just go in there's got they've
got Magazine Street I'm almost out of
data on my phone I share data plan with
my mom and neither of us connected to
Wi-Fi will while we were in Vegas and so
we just ate up all our data in one
weekend yeah so I'm addict data so I
don't like play games on my phone I
guess I could put on an airplane mode
and play I'm just gonna go in and read
them read a magazine that's what they
used to do in the old days they read for
entertainment weirdos ah so usually I
just get shots in my knees where they
like they shoot it it's like uh I don't
know the word for like it's not insulin
it's just the liquids the face you did
some liquids that trigger might need to
heal itself or whatever that is a very
basic description of it what's happening
is I've got this excess fluid in my
knees that's not supposed to be there
and it's causing badness in my knees
achiness and weakness and stuff and so
usually they just shoot this under
liquid until I fight off that leg one or
whatever and today he didn't tell me but
he took the bad liquid out if you faint
easily uh maybe you don't want to see
this picture my ears started ringing
when he told me what he did and showed
me the vial this is me with the vial he
took that fluid out of my knees that
fluid is not supposed to be many healing
into my left knee my left knee was
really hurting this week like bad
actually this whole month so you took
that out of my knee and then injected
good fluids into my knee that was weird
just to like see a vial of stuff it was
this big a juice in my knee that's not
supposed to be there that was weird
I'm gonna go home and film some videos
cuz I need to I'm going out of town this
weekend whoa uh I was supposed to be
filming I was supposed to have already
filmed like two videos but my publishers
been emailing me being like
me explain it books are apparently it's
split up into like sections of 16 so if
you have you ever noticed there's like
blank pages at the end of a book and
that's because the book didn't divide
evenly into 16 parts and so they have to
add blank pages at the end that makes
sense okay so my publishers emailed me
and they're like hey you're gonna have
10 blank pages at the end of your book
so let's get rid of page it let's get
rid of six pages of your books so it's
even I was like oh I much rather add
pages then take them away they're like
well you're gonna have to cut a bunch of
images and some text I was like now so
I've been like emailing back and forth
being like I
let's have 10 blank pages I don't care
they're like no I was like did let me
add 10 images or 10 things or whatever
they're like no we're just gonna take
away 6 I'm like yeah you're not actually
so I've just been going back and forth
of that cuz I don't want to get rid of
anything cuz like I'm proud of every
single word and like everything I don't
know it's a whole thing
I'm gonna film some videos we're gonna
do a grammar lesson this Sunday guys get
ready for it okay so I found two videos
and now Matt and I are gonna go get
dinner I'm gonna come home I have to
edit and post my blog morning I was like
I don't want to I'll do it later and
then of course I forgot so good 6:30 I
got time so oh we are innocent goody
bags open because I literally want to go
buy things for dad let's go to t.j.maxx
anyway we were just getting drinks with
Jonathan and the bartender asked him if
I was single I god you're so dating add
room hi I'm David bartender and Matt
anyway I don't all I remember is that he
had a beard and Cooling said he had bad
geniuses for Christmas it's only $40
you've the best taste Colleen all right
it's way later
Colleen spent so much time in t.j.maxx
I mean I did too because I was with her
but she was the instigator of it and
then we went to CVS we got a weird
shopping trip I don't hate it though but
it's way later and
and I'm at the in and out and
drive-through line in the truck really
it's on an excuse to take the truck out
because I've been pick button around in
my Mazda love the truck so much anyway
that's all that's all I had to report
just thought I'd talk to you that's it
giveaway time so I was looking around my
room and I found this Jamba Juice card I
have had for years but I won't get rid
of it because there is 65 cents left on
it and I never remember it what about I
never remember like Oh Jamba Juice I
have 65 cents to that let me talk to
pull out my gift card but I don't want
to throw it away because it's good money
so I'm gonna take the burden off of me
and put it on to one of you
so today's giveaway you can win this job
of juice card little 65 cents on it I'll
sign it because that makes it worth way
more money right is that how it works
I'm famous I'll sign the back no I'll
sign the front where do I sign sign it
okay so tweet out this video with your
favorite part and tag me in it or
Instagram it out or Facebook it out I
take people from everywhere oh I need to
find out the winner of the high five
don't I that was a good one you guys
really liked that one
uh let me find somebody hold on okay the
winner of the high five hand is eggnog
Alisha from Twitter at Colleen's
underscore Alisha you've won my high
five
hope you enjoy it next is this what's it
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
tomorrow okay
you
