all right so guess who called to
apologize yesterday the truck salesman
he left a voicemail it sounded like his
general manager was like standing over
him making him say things I was going to
call like I decided I was like if he
calls again I'm gonna call the the
dealership itself and complain about him
but I didn't have to cuz he did call
again but this time it he was like my
general manager would really really love
to speak to you and uh yeah we hope
you're enjoying your truck you know got
a worked out but you know no worries
anymore I'm just like okay he must have
told someone what he was doing and got
scolded for it I'm not going to call
them back just gonna leave it Soha
ignoring a problem worked all right look
at me
I'm saying that I'm even charge of what
the camera looks at it's a little bit
later
I wouldn't got lunch and now I'm going
to work out don't worry I won't put you
through watching that again and then I
have errands to run and videos to film
so join me for those but I'm gonna work
out first and then I'll probably shower
I haven't washed my hair yet I showered
my body you can't tell because I've got
clothes on but I don't wash my hair can
you tell my hair gets super greasy
really fast
oops why just why why do I have an in
grow hair on my mustache that makes it
look like I have herpes it doesn't even
want to focus on it because it is so
hideous do you see this I have herpes I
don't actually don't spread that lie but
really it looks like I have herpes I
hate this and I'm the type of person
when I get is it I don't want to put
makeup on it because I don't want to
irritate it at all so I usually do a
full face of makeup when I have nose it
this isn't even a zit though it was
literally an ingrown hair yesterday that
I like kind of dug out and now it turned
into that whatever I'm out running
errands are going to Starbucks cuz I
want a red cup I'm going to CVS and then
I'm going to Ralph's because it's time
to pick up things for some videos so I
got my red Starbucks cup but when I was
in Starbucks I had every intention of
going to run my errands but then cooling
texted me and said come take me to the
mall so I'm now at the mall with Colleen
say hi Colleen
Oh Oh hi so we're doing this I will run
my work errands but just later so
Colleen doesn't have her ID with her my
first consult it got stole I have a
credit card and she keeps trying to use
her credit card but everyone like the
best hearing tool because they want for
like security reasons they're doing
their job but guess who has to pay for
her crap now because she doesn't have a
lie so I'm stealing all wrinkles money
all right I dropped off the money
stealer and kori dash cam and now I'm
back to running errands so I'm to go to
CVS and Ralph's
it's Christmas Christmas it's Christmas
Christmas it's Christmas Christmas and
it's time to buy a tree Christmas we're
gonna go get a Christmas tree right now
it smells so good in here not ran away
from me because I was spinning around I
like this one so does Matt I think we
might get this one very nice nice is 30
what's all the little we got a really
big one this year I have to put lights
on it and decorate it and then I'll show
you it again well
okay so I'm doing a really lame thing
for the giveaway today as if not all of
them are not lame okay I'm gonna trace
my hand and then I'm gonna send it to
someone so they can high-five it and
then it's like we high-five listen are
not super creative to work with me here
oh let me trace my hand wait I wanna
high-five my right hand yeah
my hand is huge
this man is my hand this hand could be
your hand if you just tweet out this
video with your favorite I lost them
I lost the rhythm oh how does it go this
hand is your hand this hand is on hand
oh it's land isn't it oh my gosh I was
thinking from friends when Joey met his
hand twin in Las Vegas anyway how lot
I'm gonna spice this up put a little bit
marks Pam so when you slap me like BAM
listen it sounded good in my brain and
then I turn the camera on and started
saying it out loud
and I realize how dumb it is but it's
just happening it's happening alright so
this beautiful high five could be yours
you know now you guys will know how big
my hand is whoever gets this will
realize I am huge hands alright that's
it for this video
oh the winners of did I announce the
winners of the book post-it notes is
Ballinger trash at great Ballinger on
twitter and then the bracelet is to
holla is unstable on twitter as well so
that's it yeah I love you guys thanks
for watching and I'll see you tomorrow
okay bike
