guess who just called and emailed me
again that good old track salesman who
is seriously harassing me tena he wrote
a really short rude email and it's just
every freaking day I don't want he wants
from me you know what I need to work out
I haven't worked out a really long time
but I'm working out just to get some
anger out some aggression whoa angry
okay let's go I'm gonna go work out come
on
okay I worked out got out a little
aggression and now it's time to film a
Rachel's room yeah
that's I'm not just like I stopped
supposed to sound like a crowd but
really just sounded like me fogging up a
mirror never mind I'm a film now I've
been filming I have hiccups I'm gonna go
get rid of them but I do want ever mint
flavored some sort of coffee so I think
when I walk to a coffee shop and get
that I gotta get rid of makeup oh so
there's a coffee bean right next to my
apartment and there's a Starbucks a
little bit farther like not that big of
a walk but I was like I'm so close to
one like who cares
but now I regret it because coffee bean
cups aren't is cute for Christmas as the
Starbucks ones that's all that's it
that's all you're gonna do what is this
politically correctness
I want my Starbucks red cup I'm going to
start works tomorrow but this is
actually quite delicious
I got peppermint mocha latte not that
you care
that's all okay hell I'm at Colleen's
house Trish was here
they made cookies I ate cookies I did
not participate because I wanted them to
actually be cute so I'm a good person
anyway we're just hanging out not doing
much but I just wanted to say hello and
this is where I am and this is what I'm
doing
you
it finally happened I accidentally
picked up
Colleen's camera and set up my own when
I left last night beep it's when I went
to edit this this morning you weren't
there I was like what is this ukulele
footage his hand to make it a little
Christmas see anyway so I should edit
this oh I need to do a giveaway I gotta
find something to give away
boom this is the first bracelet of these
things I've ever made
what are these even cold I don't even
know what these bracelets are called but
you guys have made me a million and I
have a million but I've never actually
made one and you guys have given me a
million of the kids to make them and
I've failed you all and that I apologize
but this one I'm giving away uh it might
be too big for your wrists I don't quite
know you can adjust it though
right that's the thing okay right same
rules apply uh this winner and the
winner of the post-it notes in
tomorrow's vlog I have the energy for
right now but yeah so let me get this
out with your favorite part in it and
tag me and then you have a chance to win
it I love you guys thanks for watching
and see you tomorrow good bye
