good morning let's say is it the fourth
is the fifth who knows I think it's the
fourth uh-huh today Sunday I'm supposed
to post a Sunday video and I have yet to
film it it's 11:00 so hopefully I get it
up by like 1 or 2 that's the goal and
then the kids have a choir concert
tonight that I'm going to the kids
meeting Bailey Jake and Parker obviously
they'll play only a little chickadees
and my wife but yeah so I'm just gonna
do work I wax my mustache today the
laser did it not work on my mustache
it's makes me really sad that's all I
just filmed the CPR video I made a dummy
oh that's creepy like this little face I
don't know is it a Shiori
Holly put your hat on you I think it's a
she I don't know I'm doing gender
neutral on my dummy here oh that hat
doesn't stay this time
come on new best friends all right I
gotta edit and post the video I just
filmed mm-hmm boob see me oh my gosh I
am still getting harassed by that track
salesman I was talking about yesterday
he has called me and texted me again
after sent an email Bing like stop it he
texted me again and said I want to read
it any chance we can get documentation
showing Matt's dad's truck and your new
truck at the same address he wants me to
fake that I live at maps dad's house or
that Matt's dad fakes that he lives at
my parents house like he's like I need
this resolved like two days ago
please help listen don't get sassy with
me I need this fix like two days ago
don't get sassy with me I just feel like
a douchebag but I didn't do anything
wrong
my heart hurts cuz I'm stressed okay I'm
just gonna end up like blocking his
number uh all right that's all I wanted
to talk about it is cold in this house I
am wearing boots and a jacket and an
extra layer I'm wearing so many clothes
I'm wearing two pairs of socks I don't
want to run the heater because that
costs money let's watch some children
purpose my life Parker did you like it
yeah are you gonna be up there next year
alright I'm out of focus but I am at
Christopher and Jessica's house and the
kids want to show me their guinea pig
Bailey this is your guinea pig what time
to up lovely
the kids Christmas show was adorable oh
I thought smoke was coming out of my
camera but it's really just a piece of
lint that floated by literally had a
heart attack by the way I'm wearing one
glove because I'm cold that I had to
anyway just let me beat the kids thing
was super super freakin cute but I am
home now it's the next morning I forgot
to close this out or get a giveaway or
pick a winner from the last giveaway so
let's do that all doubt the winner of
this thing is Shireen Minaj from
Instagram I will be damning you in a
second so that is you and then today's
giveaway so last night the reason I
didn't vlog or do anything last night's
cuz I was working on my book they sent
me the pages printed out like how it's
gonna look
once it like is in book form and I had
to give notes on the layout in the
design so I was doing little post-it
notes all over those things and so I'm
giving away these post-it notes that
like I rewrote or they were like I
decided to make a different comment or I
wanted my handwriting to look better
when giving the notes so I would tear
off these post-it notes and rewrite them
so if you want these post-it notes to
have to do with my book they don't give
anything away really but they were part
of my book process then social media
this video out commenting on your
favorite part and tag me out so I can
see it and yeah you have a chance to win
these um my killing bubbles titmouse I
love you guys that's it today and I'll
see you tomorrow
alright bye
