hi I am back in LA ah
I drove all day that I haven't blogged
yet but we literally woke up got in the
truck and drove Nicky little thing that
happened i'ma tell you guys a little
story so when I went in to buy my trap
know how if you saw that vlog I took a
little lunch break and then I came back
and negotiated himself on that lunch
break the guy I was working with the
salesman text me he goes does anyone in
your family own a Ford cuz I do
discounts for forward owners like so it
stays in the family you keep going back
and buying Ford again and I said uh my
immediate family doesn't but Matt's
family his dad just bought at Ford f-150
and he was like great do you guys live
together and I was like yeah we do Matt
and I lived together and then we get
back to the dealership we never talked
about it again I don't even know peak
out of the discount and I just
completely forgot about it and then a
couple days ago
the salesman started emailing me calling
me text me being me I need a picture of
the registration of Matt's dad's forward
to prove that he owns a foreign so that
that route that rebate was real I was
like okay and then like a couple days
passed like Matt's dad didn't send it on
you know mouths my ass we just kind of
like forgot about it and then today he
emailed me and called me and text me
like 60 times it was like I need the
picture of the registration I'm in hot
water here I wasn't supposed to give you
the rebate without the verification that
someone in your family does on a Ford
like okay comes down sir Matt's dad sent
picture sent a picture of the
registration we sent it to the salesman
he's like wait these addresses don't
match the registration for your truck
has to match the registration of the
person who owns the Ford originally and
then he's been texting me and calling me
and I finally emailed him I said listen
you asked if anyone the family owned a
truck I told you Matt's dad did and then
you said you asked if Matt and I lived
together I said yes and then it was
never spoken of again this isn't my
fault and I just said if you have any
more questions let me know and I'll send
him to my lawyer
but like listen I didn't do anything
wrong and the truck is mine they can't
take the truck for me
I negotiated the price and I wouldn't
have bought it if it was above the price
that I bought it for so I would have no
sure
them down to that I don't know I just
feel like a douchebag cuz I think this
guy's gonna get in trouble but I'm not
gonna go in and just give them more
money because he messed up does that
make sense like like I just don't know
what to do and it's just like this whole
kerfuffle and he's called me like I
wonder said it 10 times today and texted
me multiple times and email me and he
called me again since I sent him that
email being like sorry bro don't know
what to tell ya but like I'm in a weird
moment around like I just cuz I don't
want to just go in and give them more
money because I bought the truck he's
much hotter yet take it from me but at
the same time I feel bad cuz I think
he's getting in trouble but he should
have done this before I drove off the
lot before I side papers he should have
verified he didn't tell me that Matt's
dad had to have the same address as me
that doesn't even make sense so the
thing is another thing Matt was like
when we wouldn't have met him he asked
as we were from and I was like I'm from
Santa Barbara Matt's like I'm from the
Bay Area those are where our parents
live still he's like whoa you guys live
in LA and Yakka like yeah we live in LA
together I don't know why he thought
that I would be living with Matt's dad
in the Bay Area I don't get it I don't
get it anyway that's what I'm dealing
with right now and I'm stressed I feel
like a douche bag but I'm not gonna go
in and give them more money when I
already bought the truck does that make
sense I'm gonna do some work
maybe that will calm me down Oh oh my
gosh I'm working I was like oh my leg is
it she and I look down at it I hope you
guys can see this come on focus on my
leg how just raw and scaly and white
I'm literally scratching skin off of my
leg
I've ocean daily I is moisturizing so I
have never in my entire life had my leg
this disgusting before what is happening
I need the lotion immediately oh and
this is pants that I got in the mail not
ask our snapchat Bruins my phone Brigid
snapchat literally ruins my phone I was
using snapchat using the Einstein filter
making a video for you guys and it just
turned off the phone nope I wasn't at a
battery at all I was at like 50% so good
job good job snapchat and Apple working
together fantastically not even a little
bit I got charged it
you're not dead not even a little bit
because you were charging the entire
drive home
oh now you're turnin on I seriously
that's why if you haven't noticed I
don't snap any mornings because every
time I try to snap my phone breaks and
I've deleted snapchat and reinstalled it
as because the stupid iPhone update
Apple I'm getting really mad at you like
your phones don't work anymore
and I don't know like why are not
compatible with snapchat anymore but
frickin get on it because it's part of
my job to be on snapchat also part of my
enjoyment to be on snapchat but I can't
freaking be on it anymore
just this not even starting up just like
it froze Oh made a noise I was at 35%
guys who that 35% and it shut down like
what is its problem I'm afraid to go
back on snapchat it makes me so angry
like I love snapchat so much and I
completely stopped using it because it
freezes my phone or staff just won't
open or it turns my phone off on its own
I don't know just stressed and they need
a cookie or something we're going to
dinner or in the Mazda because it's
easier to park for where we're going I'm
so low to the ground but I'm like get my
seats aren't heated what is this ah I
still love this little car though it's
easier to get around town the track is a
little excessive sometimes up back from
dinner I ate dinner I had a salad and
mashed potatoes they go together I
promise
ah I'm working now I'm editing a video I
did with Ricky that goes up on Tuesday
just beware the next like three vlogs
it's just gonna be me working I have a
lot stuff to do because I was just up in
Vegas for a couple days and then I'm
hoping to go snowboarding that sounded
weird I said that strange I'm hoping to
go snowboarding at some point this week
for a couple days so I'll be out of town
again everyday everyday Nev it's like
trying to catch up and then get ahead at
the same time oh but I do have some plan
I have a kids choir concert tomorrow
naked and for that I'm eating Christmas
tree and then other things but right now
I'm filming and I thought I'd say hello
I'm not filming am editing Oh my brain
needs help him said I was about to edit
this vlog edit in advance but assignment
tomorrow yet but obviously it's not
tomorrow yet cuz it's never not I've
messed up my music at the end of the
vlog that's what I'm trying to say I
went to go edit and so I went back to
yesterday's blog to like grab the
beginning and the end of it so that I
could put it in the beginning into this
video and I was like wait why is there
random music clip what's going on and
then I was like Oh what in the world and
I went to the video I uploaded I do not
know how it happened but somehow a
random music clip called dancing on
green grass is a royalty-free song thank
the Lord through itself in at a random
part in my vlog and then just kept
happening I don't know what happened
don't know how it happened I'm like yeah
oh well it's it's a vlogmas daily vlog
like i'm bound to mess up so that's the
worst thing that's gonna happen you d do
like i don't really care i know you guys
aren't gonna care that much but i just
thought it was hilarious
i seriously have no idea how that music
clip got on there like sometimes when
I'm editing random clips just appeared
in my blogs I don't know what it is I
think maybe I'm pressing a key on my
keyboard or Final Cut just hates me I
don't know but yeah it's giveaway time I
decided it's late enough
I'm just gotta go to bed soon so it's
giveaway time so I'm about to draw
something to giveaway here at Bay on a
bum bum I did it this is what I'm giving
away today I have to say this is the
most effort I put into a giveaway so far
as this vlogmas 25 date Christmas um so
same rules apply oh I just ran over it
with my chair just giving it a little
bit more authenticity um so yeah social
media this video out with your favorite
part and you have a chance to win that
beautiful thing I do have winners of the
past three things which I will announce
your name now the green bracelet goes
out to Ellis from Facebook I have
messaged you via my facebook fan account
the winner of the used makeup wipe is
Liz Elizabeth from Twitter I have
of DMD you and the room car drumroll
these Kurt from Twitter Kirk I have DM
view hopefully I remember to announce
the winners every day but if not I'll
just do a bunch like this all right
that's it today thank you guys so much
for watching I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow okay bye
