we just made it to the theater no you're
lying
no I'm not teeny don't make me have to
be a liar we're in the theater and we
literally just got here like maybe two
minutes ago that's true we're here we're
here
oh that's jiggles
John and I got in charge of bring
together the manger that's how well it's
going where's Jesus gonna sleep now baby
with me too soon too soon too soon
all right it's a pause in between
rehearsal and the meet-and-greet we're
going to target because my mama needs a
Christmas sweater Mattie's water teenie
needs some sweatpants I want some snacks
dad what do you need smokes you do not
need smokes sir my dad has never put a
cigarette to target I don't think they
do I don't know but we're going to
target right now I just said drove my
dad's a truck dad did you like my truck
that's not my father oh all right we're
going back to the theater we tried to
get a video will not try to get a video
there's like rainbow prism thing that's
happening you can't you wouldn't be able
to see it but it's cool so I saw it yay
me sorry sorry you doesn't need to see
it there it is that thing it looks
cooler in person just measure the mean
greenhouse full times in the belly it's
show time
the show is done Rebecca this hotel I'm
still in my Christmas sweater forgot to
change out of that no you did it you did
it on purpose
totally I'm wearing my pajamas anyway
we're about to go down to the casino and
gamble a little bit meaning we're all
like stingy cheap old people and any
slots we're gonna kick up any and then
we're going to the Taco Bell
Cantina 24 hours sells alcohol place
it's like choline and John's dream
guess what Eric just it for me he gave
me $25 that's a lucky 25 no 85 racing
sauce I have no clue why this is
happening but it's happening do it dude
went for another jackpot I have a one I
will kill somebody
I'll do it I've got a dollar if you
together we'll do it together cuz I have
a dollar i won give me dollar Ron gave
me a dollar stick an old one I did it oh
I think we made the same mistake and we
go no I said we're not doing this I just
wasn't my idea we're on a party bus now
instead of a limo
I said no liens I'm there's my hey I
want you know oh we're all supposed to
ship in five dollars your hand is strong
she was forcing my hand my hair looks
clean right now having just pointed out
that only this group you willing to take
a party bus to Taco Bell
Deena we need it now I'm ready for my
Slurpees hey they have they have
alcoholic Slurpees
I'm not gonna get one
you wanna you wanna back on the ground
put that back on the ground even Toonami
stop it Brian and she was determined to
eat itself
no seriously where these are the only
machines my dad will ever gamble with
the big ones all right you ready dad hit
max bed and pull it all you have to
press the button
you won I want a dog you broke even it's
like a show you can cash out or keep
spinning dad you're ballin it's your
dollar I'm sorry dad it doesn't work all
right so it's 2:00 a.m. the into the
night I'm exhausted
everyone's going to bed but I have not
forgotten about the giveaway because
it's only day two on a temple forgot day
one so today I told you did you leave
the stupid things in the entire world
just let me be okay
my backstage bracelet to the Miranda
Show today everybody I'll sign the
inside because that is it for special so
same as yesterday just tweet out the
video and tell me your favorite part of
it and you get a chance or Instagram or
Facebook or whatever did your social
medias I'll look at all of them and you
have a chance to win the whole bracelet
that I wore it's to the Smith Center how
I got backstage famous nope I'm
exhausted I'm saying stupid things but I
love you guys thanks for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow
Merry Christmas
you
