want to see me do laundry in my new
washer and mouse in my laundry room it
took three days to install these let's
see if they work what's going guys this
doors in case I forgot something I can
open it and put something else in it
without opening the whole door is it
going I can't tell my dog I had no ideas
no idea if it's working or not
is it leaking I installed this myself I
know it looks really good these
literally took three days to install and
I had to call a plumber for the dryer
because the gas line originally see that
that yellow thing that is a lot the
yellow and it goes I was originally
sticking out to like here so this was
sticking out super far and I couldn't
open this door so I finally I got it
together guys got together well I
started washing some things and this
happened
so the washing machine jiggles like a
mother effer
and its collegues are completely stable
it's completely level it doesn't move at
all when it's not going it was installed
by a plumber and me and it dented my
wall this is what I did to my wall so
I'm on my way to Home Depot to be like
WTF with this house I haven't even shown
you guys yesterday we were like okay
let's do this this and this and every
project we started there was something
dooming behind whatever it was and
stopping us like it just I'll show you
when we get home this house you will
open up one box and it just explodes in
your face pretty much oh my gosh I'm
done at Home Depot so when the plumber
and I were installing did the washer the
cord the electrical cord to go into the
outlet it was like connected with these
like bolts in this thing and we're like
those annoying so we unbolt it in and
bolted it back so I think both obviously
I have to do something others and just
keep the electrical wire against the
washer while shipping nope and if you
keep the bullets in the washer shakes
I'll show you it's like while if the
plumber now we're both I've learned
these bolts for it I got to be for
something they're literally not so I
have to go take the bolts out and see if
that fixes it okay I'm going to show you
guys it's the stupidest thing in the
world okay so you see how the electrical
cord is stuck behind this thing and
you're like well you want to screw that
you take out the electrical cord like so
you know you take it out and then you
have to poke it back in because there's
no way that this bolt does nothing right
I mean when you take it out it looks
like this surely it has to be in the
washing machine nope you can just drop
something on the floor
I'm never picking that up you have to
put these things in and then it works so
I've just been slowly but surely
unbolting all of these things okay
comforter in hopefully works this time
geez Louise
we are now at the grocery store and our
washer works perfectly but then we ran
into another disaster ooh tried to hook
up the range above the oven like the
hood range the mint thingy above the
oven so we had to go to Home Depot and
now we're at the grocery store
I swear I'm telling you everything with
this house you be open one door and then
there's like 20 million other doors you
gotta open order to get through anything
we're doing it finally getting a vlog up
are you being a good boy you being good
boy yeah yeah
so when I might this house just sucks
you know and I mean I love my house I
love it so much but I've rethought about
it a million times every time I try and
do something 60 million things go wrong
well I was like okay my vent range hood
put it here oh they didn't give me the
wires for it when I bought the wires
came back and then I realized this piece
doesn't fit in this piece so I have to
go back tomorrow so like simple little
things I keep going to Home Depot for 20
times anyway so you know how bunch of
little things add up make you feel big
emotion that's always happened to me so
it's getting fed up with all the little
tiny things now it took 20 trips to Home
Depot in three days and then eventually
a plumber to put in my washer and dryer
the vent range is doing the same thing I
hired a guy to do my dishwasher where's
my dishwasher well it's not there
because he cancelled and the original
guys that were supposed to install it
we're like man we can't and then left so
cool but it's just all his little thing
so anyway Colleen texted me that she
missed me because we haven't been able
to hang out with my family at all this
Christmas season I just like vented for
like a good good paragraph text and then
20 minutes later her and Corey showed up
at my doorstep with ice cream and cake
vegan Oh which was so sweet and it
definitely shifted both Matt's and my
moves so we were both just it's done
it's done it was really nice for them
and it made me feel a lot better
and so I'm yeah but that's house like
and then it made me realize these are
just little things cuz she's like so
what do you have to do and as I was
explaining it it's like oh these are
really tiny little things it just it all
adds up and when it's Christmas season
and you can't celebrate Christmas gillo
down good morning
it's Saturday it's Christmas Eve Eve
first stop of the day home depot I'm
gonna try and find piece that looks like
this they'll fit this so that's my goal
for today what's yours
I failed up putting the raindrop myself
and I had the guy that was help me with
the saw the dishwasher help me install
the hood range so the hood range is up
and active the dishwasher is not and
he's coming back tomorrow on Christmas
Eve to help me finish installing the
dishwasher this is this house he came in
and he's like what's happenin and he's a
very very very nice but very very
talkative man just talks and talks and
talks and talks and talks which is
totally fine
I'm totally fine a bit I fell problem it
was asking me what I've done in the
house so far at bla bla bla issues he
helped with the walls
he's one of my contractors guys so he is
familiar with me in the house apart
better before but anyway I told him I
was like I'm usually really handy and
every time I do a project it is way more
intense and terrible then I set out for
it to be and he was like oh well you
learn tricks of the trade and then as he
was installing the dishwasher he's like
what is that what is it like things kept
happening and I was like I'm telling you
it's this house nothing is easy nothing
is ever easy to do like you're right
what is he's like I've never had
problems installing them before like
just things the way the house was built
the way the house was fixed the way
people just went around and cut corners
it affects every little project and so
the person that lived in that house
before I built that house just didn't
care about the next person I just wanted
to get the job done quick and as easy as
possible I did not care if it was done
right basically so anyway I'm on my way
to go get disaster artist from Coleen's
house it's a DVD
and I'm going to Santa Barbara to do a
family dinner I have looked like a mess
I feel like a mess I'm so tired
all right I've been Santa Barbara and
I'm at BevMo with Andrew I got him
that's a hot chocolate but we're trying
to grab a few things cuz I found out my
cousin's sorry if you're watching this I
doubt you are some of my cousins are
gonna be at the dinner tonight that I
did not know we're attending so I'm
quickly buying them some alcohol
espresso but Andrew and I know nothing
about wine literally nothing
so he's reading it it's 5 cent for the
second model if you buy two yes that's a
bad no deal she was financially
irresponsible
she was alcoholic irresponsible really
the consumer is getting the benefit yeah
anyway we don't know anything nothing
about
this I got Weston some beer because I
know I know a little bit about beer
still wine I got nothing we're about to
play white it's happening I'm excited
what she dared me
what I have let's see if this is what I
end up with it's no one stole it I it's
fine
you guys look well we're sisters -
technically it's musical if I didn't see
all four you know we don't live together
basically this is a toy made for
children i barely
hey Toby Toby
you look cute your outfit you my
favorite part of Christmas it's good
it's good
oh it says it's good still happy the
happiest little in come on good job
you're so perfect you're so perfect he
just wants to be around people don't you
