you are so beautiful up to me can't you
see hey it's Wednesday and I'm packing
up to go to Vegas and and that's about
it so come on let's go come with me
all right we're driving Matt has the
first shift I'll take the second or in
the truck it is huge like we barely fit
in at least but I love it oh I'm the
trucker ah we're stopping dang it Oh to
the bus breakdown what's happening
oh yeah bus broke down oh that's the
exit of my college I lived in this area
for four years I met Matthew in this
area I hate it here
you
you
we made it to Vegas Paris we made it to
Vegas finally I was a beautiful drive
I really loved what there is nothing
around I don't know if you can hear me
or a towel having dinner as we do with
the entire family can't see it is blurry
but the whole band was there everybody
you're going to find this footage later
and thank you for
I feel like I should do something
interesting
boom clap boom de clap de clap boom boom
clap boom de clap de clap boom boom clap
boom de clap de clap boom boom clap boom
de clap de clap try with me here we go
boom boom clap boom de try boom de clap
together
Colleen's about to do the big double
jackpot I'm only bad into an hour watch
you win a million dollars any good I get
to set a card Coleen Coleen Oh
turn over first time
powerful the leper there is none huh
don't mind me
very a lot of Angels I do have strong
energy but as well anxiety I put on
myself
and she knew I was conscious oh man
press the spin button Oh big money big
money and it's not that that ladies yeah
I don't she's a psychic over at some
other place she's loved Colleen's energy
and that she surrounds herself with
angel so we just took a little ride
because I'm terrible and suggested it to
kollene when we could have just taken
taxis but we got in it and he wouldn't
turn the music on and we ot knees here
hey ho ho ho but we asked him to turn
the music on maybe twenty times it was a
ten-minute limo ride and it was the most
awkward thing ever we were just sitting
in silence here's some footage she's
moving
oh yeah she's awesome and there's time
we accidentally took she put music on
okay it's bio Shh
it's in the package in the back thank
you I'm sorry okay okay okay okay great
thank you
it won't say oh but then afterwards we
got out of the limo he finally turned on
for the last 30 seconds of us in the
limo he finally turned the music on and
also we got yelled at because we were
putting our feet in the air and then
afterwards we get out literally went one
mile it was $80 so thanks Colleen for
that limo ride that I suggested Ari I
did not close out last night we just
hung out hat Oh are you dead oh oh now
you're dead cuz your tongues out
signature dead move kid get the tongue
out yeah I didn't close up my video last
night but we had a lot of fun at tau
always delicious food and we just hung
out we do anything interesting last
night Jake still then so bad because
he's making gargling noises also a
telltale sign that a child has died also
with the eyes a little cross-eyed tongue
out there it is oh and then the head
he's gone
he died he's gone from what I don't know
what he died from what you died from you
ate too much food that's a good way to
go that's how I want to go all right
I'm closing this up for real I love you
guys and I'm just a false alarm
yeah
okay bye guys I forgot to give away
something what am i doing I am stealing
one of cook this is one of Col Dean's
used makeup wipe removers so this is
gonna dry out and then I'm gonna send it
to somebody a Bailey I'm going into a
restroom cuz Bailey's playing piano and
she's great at it just same few notes
over and over again not the greatest
background noise for a vlog anyway I'm
doing I think I explained this but I'm
gonna do a giveaway every single day
from the first to the 20 nope from the
first to the 25th yeah I'm giving a
total day I'm giving away your used
makeup wipe remover is that okay same
okay so for the first giveaway wait I
can use this it was in your bag half
used there's nothing on it yeah yeah
this there literally it is Wyatt and
you're wasting a big of know it was
crunched up in the thing no okay so I'm
doing giveaways good to be subscribed to
this blog channel and just tweet out
this video and tell me your favorite
part of the vlog and that'll be the
thing or Instagram it out or whatever
and I'm giving away a user yes I'm
vlogging watch which is club I am about
to do I'm getting out of this roof
anyway so yeah tweet out the video at
which favorite part of what your
favorite part was and then you could
have a chance to win this goodbye
