hey there good-looking I am about to
shower and then hopefully go to the
dealership about 8:30 late on my couch
and did nothing because I didn't want to
be awake until 9:00 and it did my vlog
it's now 10:00 it's time to shower kinks
show up to a dealership one looking like
a ghost but two smelling no one's gonna
take you seriously if you smell bad it's
like a real thing I just decided I don't
want to take anyone seriously if they
smell bad what people smell good I wish
our pie so we were about to sit down
well we did sit down to talk about the
pricing at the track I want but that
someone called I was like a freak out
he's like I have to go do something I'll
be back in 10 minutes I'm like we're
gonna go grab lunch
mommy should be here in half hour so I
don't know if that was a tactic or he
was just stressing out but I don't care
because I'm hungry like I don't want to
sit you've know two hours on an empty
stomach so Matt it was straight up like
let's eat we're going all right cool
this is stressful
well lunch was delicious we got have it
but now let's go
it's go time time to play hardball it's
time to do the business and talk the
numbers
I wish my dad were here let's just make
him do it
I just bought a truck I'm waiting to
sign the final paperwork but we shook on
it and I'm already starting to fill
stuff out and having an internal
freakout
I'm so excited oh my god so are waiting
to sign papers and stuff and we're
inside these places where they have the
cars and they're moving the cars around
0.8 I can do it I don't know where
they're moving them or why they are he
was driving in doors
this seems very unsafe it gives these
cars in here
like there's no huge interest maybe I'm
about to find out I'm very intrigued
that was just so many party noises
who's getting it all out I had some Taco
Bell couple nights ago still in me oh
I'm in my truck sorry I started driving
and then I realized I didn't want to
vlog and drive in my brand new truck so
I threw the camera down but we got home
but we want to go out in the truck again
but we need an excuse we don't want to
drive around aimlessly so we're gonna
return this rice cooker to Costco I got
a safety recall on it and that was like
return this full for a full refund
cuz it may cause your entire place to
burn down but it's a good thing no
because honey it's not good to someone's
house burnt down and that's why the
Rijos happened but we stopped using it
we got it and used it a lot the first
two months and then realize that it's
just a lot of effort to use a rice
cooker and it kind of stopped using it
and now I see you buy a truck you get
your money back on a rice cooker give us
out
if I lived here all my vlogs would just
be filled with him I'm at Colleen's
house for friendsgiving which isn't bad
at all it was pizza that I ordered which
is delicious just as good except I
didn't get stuffing from a box
get on it no I just need two massive
slices of pizza I'm good we get this
pizza in the slices are bigger than my
face so I ate two of those like your
truck but like much throw you are feisty
I just filmed a video at Colleen's place
it was a mess
and I barely even talked about it it's
more my channel it'll be up on Thursday
which is tomorrow for you guys it's
hilarious all right it's the next
morning I didn't close up last night so
close it out now I had a lot of fun
Colleen's I learned the sassy dance last
night I think Cory films little bit and
I think he's vlogging every day now too
let's go check out Cory's channel you'd
build a sassy dancing yeah so I'm gonna
go to Vegas in like two hours drive
there and let new truck yeah seriously
there's tickets still available for the
big show if you want to come so come to
the Vegas show see you my whole family
my entire family is gonna be there
just fly from all over to go to the
Vegas show on Thursday the first which
is tomorrow when you're watching this
all right I love you guys and I'll see
you later babe
