it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new life
hey what's today how is it good stretch
oh my strap nice not here oh okay
so what's up guys did some work 20
minutes I'll post that I have work to do
today
I really want to buy a truck in the next
two days the dealership will heal back I
don't want to seem desperate by emailing
them twice because then they have the
upper hand
also I posted the video I it was called
I got rained on and nothing happened in
the vlog at all except that I drove in
the rain and I saw so many comments are
like you actually you've never seen rain
before yeah I'm from Southern California
it rains five times tops maybe a year so
when it does rain and it's a big deal
for us and everyone around the world
knows when it rains in Southern
California
no it's annoying I'm very aware that
it's annoying for everyone else in the
world but I'm still gonna get excited
about it just like I still get excited
when I have ice cream like come on I
should probably get off boring you're
right for the day I just work a little
more I'll do anything to avoid showering
that's the only reason I work is to
avoid a shower like I'm working
yesterday that shower top I know you
didn't get a text message whoever has
that text message ringtone you thought
you got a text I got a text
oh I ABS need to engage when I sit up
where's my fault I'm lost
oh it was on the floor how did that
happen my mom texted me anyway you guys
okay I see it a bit man
just had dinner and then I got home from
our restaurant and realized I left my
purse there with my wallet and my blog
inside of it so I'm currently blogging
on my phone
I lost my camera but we're going back
and getting I called they have it so no
one stole it they turn it in thank you
now I can converse with you guys what's
up
I work today and shop on the cyber
monday sales my goodness I didn't know
how much I love Cyber Monday
it's like Black Friday but you don't
have to deal with the threat of people
punching you over something you don't
have to deal with lines or with parking
I like it yeah so I was making money and
then I would spend the money that I had
just made that was my day so I forgot to
go to the grocery store yeah
so I love this grocery store because
they have already put up Christmas trees
outside of it so when you walk it it
just smells like Christmas
this looks like a great Apple I really
want to eat it the Apple is like
straight out of the set of haters back
off 100% right as I sat down to turn the
camera on okay I have mine a knife in my
back pocket because I was cutting stuff
open earlier and very normal like
packages kind of way but I thought I
just ripped my chair as I sat down
because I heard it scrape against it but
I didn't I'm home I got one of these at
the store the green ones are always 5050
if they taste good or not but I haven't
been eating healthy the past two days
and I'm Delille dehydrated but I ain't
drinking water with a burning passion
but I thought this would help me I
should just be drinking water and eating
fruit vegetables get away from me let's
see if this one tastes good
I haven't had this one yet like celery
apple which is exactly what this is I
don't hate it it's better than water I'm
pretty good I have never done so much
cyber shopping in my life I just did
more of it like why am i doing that to
myself well actually this last half has
been buying things for other people I
got a present for Colleen my mom and my
dad and I have a present for Jacob
already so one twentieth of my shopping
is done Matt put a new rule that were
never allowed to shop unless it's on
Cyber Monday
is it a holiday is it considered a
holiday or is it just a day
wait is America the only place that
celebrates it because it's the day after
Thanksgiving but that's only an American
thing these up all the questions that
I'm wondering right now okay Oh exciting
news I don't know if it's excited I
don't know if you guys give a crap but I
think I found the truck I want for
suresies I would like new and then I
didn't know and then I knew again and it
didn't know and now I know there's one
truck that I really want but if they
won't give me a good price and there's a
second truck that I want so I have my
backup and it's at the same dealer so
I'm going in tomorrow hopefully tomorrow
truck
I'm very freaking excited what does it
mean spending all my money I don't spend
money I hate spending money like I love
just saving my money and using it for
food and that's about it was just I mean
I guess I was saving stuff for my truck
and for Christmas so
this makes sense of why I would be
spending it right now because I was
saving it for these things anyway can I
have a choice tomorrow and then I'm
gonna drive it to Vegas because I'm
gonna cleans Maggie's show are you going
to clean Spanish oh you should come to
clean the Vegas show wait it might be
sold out I don't know if it's not so
that you should come get tickets okay I
named one closes the blog out did I do
anything today I highly doubt it
I lost my camera oh I was so torturous
it was like a five-minute freakout on it
I called the restaurant they like yeah
we have it your name yet nothing okay
cool coming back said I had it it wasn't
as dramatic but I'm gonna make it seem
try to make for my thumbnail Oh was that
traumatic enough was it in focus that's
the worst is when I do a thumbnail it's
not in focus we got it all right guys
you're doing my thumbnail with me and
only people that watch this whole video
will know where the thumbnail came from
okay but for real I'm tired mm-hmm but
I'm awake Matt did it's bedtime but it's
only 12:45 I'm totally gonna watch her
episode of Game of Thrones he can't stop
me I'm my own woman that's what I want I
didn't go to bed but actually I'm gonna
watch TV I should go to bed but I'm not
I'm gonna watch TV I love you guys bye
you
you
