good morning
clink texted me and said hey croissants
at my house but I said I'm coming oh I
have human charity today I'm just
running over Coleen's to get croissants
and I'm coming back I got stuff to film
and edit and post after post today yeah
so I wasn't gonna come over here for
croissants but coin is doing her
childhood cancer fundraiser that she's
starting she did yes last year and she's
doing again so it's becoming an annual
thing but she's giving away a bunch of
stuff and kids who donate get a chance
to win the stuff and then all the money
goes to kids with cancer which is an
amazing cause by heart okay so I left
Colleen's I had to post my video and
upload my merch stuff I have Christmas
merch up just for the holiday season
my dad drew it it's cute I like it if
you guys want to check it out I'll put
the nice Spreadshirt link down below uh
was it you say oh it was like 5 p.m. I
still haven't showered yet so I'm gonna
go shower and then we're actually doing
dinner over at Colleen's house Matt's
gonna barbecue some chicken
I'm at the Queen's House no you're the
Queen
you waste 40 thousand dollars for
childhood cancer fighting you set it up
and gave away things hey you had a lot
to do with it take some credit girl we
just had dinner and it's over there we
ate it though that's Matt's but um but
yeah I was delicious I don't know what
we're doing now I should probably go a
little work but I don't wanna Cory put
on the Grinch I love him he knows the
way to my heart
he's also dressed like this
if you've been paid by everybody's
trying to show you all he was the best
you ever had until he caught you up
home from cool Ian's we had a massive
meal like giant meal actually to Moon
come to me focus now I'm not fancy we
had a huge meal with barbecue chicken
had mashed potatoes asparagus but the
Matt and I also wanted to make
Mediterranean pizzas so we like did non
red hummus and cheese used the barbecue
chicken and I had two meals just and
then the end of the night we all decided
to post mates Taco Bell there was so
much food which is a ridiculous
unnecessary greedy amount of food just
so much I'm home it's about midnight I
just post my vlog I completely forgot
can post my blog today just 100% this
one I'm hoping I post on time I'm hoping
to get us up between noon and 1:00
tomorrow but today just I was at
Colleen's we're losing 11 and we're
leaving us a goo I worked post anyway um
I'm gonna get ready for bed but I think
I'm gonna watch episode of West world
before I go to bed do you guys watch
boys fall it's on HBO oh I also started
watching Game of Thrones I'm in the
middle of the second season I'm a little
behind I know I'm closing this business
out I didn't want to say like I am so
proud of Colleen she raised over $40,000
for the fight against childhood cancer
and she don't any some of her own money
after that so I mean she raised a lot of
money uh I am amazed I am proud and I'm
proud of all you guys who donated even
if it was like a lot of people who said
they're serving a live stream which like
I've only donate five dollars you guys
most of you only donated $5 and you got
to $40,000 my goodness so thank you
every single human who contributed like
that is it's mind-blowing you can still
donate it I'll put a link to the
GoFundMe page down below see you amazing
just amazing and I blew my mind so I
love you guys a lot and I will see you
tomorrow okay Hey
