it is day two of truck shopping so we're
going to venture outside of LA today
we're gonna go closer to Santa Barbara
thing to look for trucks no mom I did
not go to Santa Barbara and not say
hello to you don't worry yeah so that's
what we're gonna do but first we're
gonna go get food
I hate when trucks have this much stuff
on the back of them I feel like it's
gonna fly off and hit the person behind
them just tie it down better or
something don't stop it that much come
on okay so we went to one dealership and
it was pouring rain so you can't really
look at cars in the rain so we left and
I'm you're soaking wet and we're like we
have zero rain gear so even the REI
because it was off the street buying a
rain jacket for myself and Matt yeah so
that's what we've done today the Nok car
shop with rain jacket shot okay no the
truck I want but I'm emailing the
dealership about it I don't want to go
back in battle and stop I rather just do
it through email which apparently is the
way to do it now but
and I are at dinner and we got a beer we
haven't had a beer at a very very very
long time I'm very excited to see what
it tastes like now
I emailed the agent the dealership but I
haven't heard anything back I don't
think I will hear anything back for till
Monday you know my nose is itchy
like right here I'm really nervous about
getting a truck but whatever I'm more
excited about the fact that I own a rain
jacket now except for the fact that it's
just never going to rain in LA again it
was like a one-time fluke don't think of
my teeth yes I do
oh beam yeah I like my rain jacket do
you guys like my rain jacket it's white
and it's this material gore-tex lifetime
guarantee who is going to keep one
jacket for an entire lifetime scratch
that all of your dad's every dad my dad
does not get new clothes until I buy him
some for Christmas and then he still
doesn't throw out his old ones anyway I
digress I had fun today car shops I hope
I get this one truck that I really like
but I'm not gonna tell the dealer that I
really hope I do I just kind of
interested I hate this whole art of
negotiation I hate it so much I hate the
haggling I hate the waiting game I hate
everything about it I just never like
listen we know there's a price we're
both gonna meet at why don't we meet
there right this instant and stop
dealing with everything today we do the
car dealerships I could tell that the
dealer salesman or whatever we're very
annoyed with me because it'd be like
they tried you know like little
swindling things like oh we don't have
what you want but there's things that
other trucks you don't you know back
that you you'd probably want to check
out you know you've haven't driven all
them you don't know and I'm like no I
only want this one thing and they just
get really mad because I don't let them
persuade me to look at other cars or do
other things and we know I know they're
working off the Commission that's how
they make their money is by persuading
people to get cars but I know what I
want and I'm not gonna sell I'm spending
money it's gotta be on something I love
all right I'm closing this vlog out
mm-hmm
I'll see you guys tomorrow and I love
you so much and you're beautiful and
your bestest and it rang
