hey is Friday the day after Thanksgiving
Ides noon actually and got my camera
really just doesn't like me uh so today
I actually want to go look at trucks if
you know me you know I've always loved
trucks I've always wanted a truck and
I've been saving for a really really
long time to get a truck I'm hoping to
have a house on a dog next year and I
really I mean I'm a kind of person if I
have a house I'm gonna do my own home
improvement I'm gonna do my own
landscaping and if I have a dog you know
sometimes I'll get money needs to go on
the bed of the truck I just a truck
seems like a sensible thing that I would
actually use a lot and Matt and I are
trying to go snowboarding a lot this
year
this winter so a truck is safer but it
just really makes sense for me so I'm
gonna go look at them I don't know if
I'm getting one today but I'm really
nervous and excited and I mean I hope I
get one I just have to I have to be
realistic and sensible but I don't know
it's something I've always wanted and
like I'm in a position where I can get
it I've saved for so long that I think
I'm going to I don't know I'm just
stressing out about it I'm gonna shower
eat lunch
I don't select you guys litter so we
were going to look at trucks we're gonna
go look at Dodge than Toyota than Ford
but we pull to the Dodge dealership
there are cops everywhere and everything
is cautioned off like uh is the
dealership brought up in the cops like
not for another couple hours move along
so like I'm relieving so that's a sign
that we should not look at Dodge trucks
just no pursuer driving away what in the
world I'm gonna look at what happened
and I'll let you guys know later okay I
just spent like sixty hours in a car
dealership don't have a car
that's fine but I
I cannot stay out the way the dealership
like work like oh let me go touch my
manager and then an hour later they come
back and again I thought you would dull
her huh okay okay you're done and also
you literally had to sitting over a half
hour because he couldn't figure out how
to print a piece of paper anyway um now
we're gonna go check out I think we're
going back to the Dodge dealership
mainly because I want to know what the
world happened
look why was it roped off why is it a
crime scene so I'm gonna back to the
crime scene guys just for my pure
entertainment making my spirits a little
happier because I just had a sit in a
room for a while my dad always told me
just walk out the deal is you know like
this don't be afraid to walk out so I
walked out um I did like a truck there
though yeah it was it was nice we're in
between getting a already pimped out car
or getting a basic and pumping out
ourselves
I know got to Pam alright you guys don't
know that show do you never mind
I'm hungry all right we're done car
shopping for the bay I'll probably go
back later this weekend um very
overwhelming but I'm eating and there's
an adorable dogs I need to show you
right now
Oh give me that I
yeah you see me filming you yes give me
that song oh yes
hola I'm home and I need to film some
videos so I think I'm gonna film some
videos oh I need to look up what
happened to that dodge place cuz I went
back to it but like you know when you
walk in I don't know if you guys do
knows I'm trying to put a jacket on and
it's just not working
where's the hole oh I went back to the
dealership but no when you walk into a
dealership or walk on to a dealership
the parking lot
you just get a swarm of salesman's
coming at everyone wants you because
they get Commission's so they got to
sell a car well why don't you dodge
dealership it's the only dealership with
no one talked to us and I was gonna ask
hey what happened earlier we're walking
around for like ten minutes and no one
came to talk to us and while I did
appreciate that normally because I don't
like being hounded I did I didn't get to
know what happened so I have to look
that up but I'm gonna film some videos
get some work done and then we'll look
that up together alright just finished
filming not gonna show you what I made
but I made a mess that's for sure I made
a mess and some fell to Vegas I'm pretty
proud myself I had a wedgie and I just
picked it but you did not see my hand
you just saw my face I don't know which
is more scary to look at when picking a
wedgie
okay I'm gonna clean up my mess now I
literally have to vacuum my floor about
once a week not because I like it clean
but because I do a craft video and get
glitter or glue or sequins or something
fuzz stuffing to read something just all
over the floor so I have to vacuum
listen you're gonna stay in your hole
I'm a mess I searched all last night to
find what happen at that Dodge
dealership and I couldn't find it online
isn't the internet supposed to tell you
everything should a massive shutdown of
a car dealership surrounded by police be
somewhere on the internet nope couldn't
find it oh well huh that's it for this
vlog I love you guys Huber bye
