hey it's 3:00 in the afternoon on
Wednesday that freaking dashcam always
talking to me sorry haven't vlogged
earlier I was just catching up on stuff
when you go out of town for a week you
go i stuff dunia back nothing fancy or
stressful just normal day stuff that you
gotta catch up on but I chose into the
grocery store which is a terrible idea
to do in the day before Thanksgiving
when you're not going for Thanksgiving
things I'll do this sorry glasses were
glaring the parking lot was hell inside
the grocery store not that bad it's a
big grocery store so everyone spread out
but the checkout obviously was a little
stressful mainly just because I got in
the Express line which is supposed to be
like in out fast let's go I only have
five things it was a lady checking out a
dude meat and then another old lady
behind me and then a young chick hope
lady at the checkout checking out start
pulling out coupons and she bought ten
gift cards which she insisted they were
one item she bought other things as well
and I was like oh my god oh my god like
I was just I don't want to be standing
there but I was like I expected this
when I walked in so it wasn't that big a
deal but then the old lady behind me
goes come on woman she was pissed that
this lady was taking her sweet time she
this is called the express lane Express
is a time for dealing - she's getting
anxious I will feed my cat she's got
four cans of wet cat would say I just
got me my cat and her night he became
best friends
we started complaining about everything
we could see and the chick behind us was
like I'm just using benadryl we just
started hanging out during holiday times
you make friends with people online and
then right as I was like don't worry
I'll check out really fast I checked out
really fast and she's you seem like a
dog person looks like I am a dog person
did you have any like no but I want some
cuz yeah you seem like you're gonna
rescue him he'll say yeah I'm gonna
rescue pit bulls and Rottweilers she was
like ah I like you that's my left I just
made a best friend anyway I should get
the food upstairs I just thought it'd
knit my boots I don't know I dropped my
keys oh and the
scotum wasn't too bad guys in this
envelope are the pages to my book if not
completely done yet it's all written and
this is like the design of it so they
sent me it to be like are you okay with
the layout of each page each like 200
pages I have to make any Corrections
that I want and then I just send it back
this is the first time the words have
been put on paper for me to see them
which is crazy I just send it in a Word
format and then they have to design the
pages and then they said it to me and I
am annoying and like change the system
is to Methodist and they're like oh how
about half of that I'm like no all of it
yeah nurses are like the worst because
when we get passionate about something
it has to be the way that we see it in
our heads and we like don't accept
anything else we know what we like we
know what we want and that's why I wrote
the book I knew exactly what I wanted
and I put it in book form anyway I'm
gonna put waters in the fridge and then
I'm gonna edit a little bit and I think
I have to film I'm filming with Colleen
tonight I believe yeah
Thanksgivings tomorrow I'm that person
that doesn't bring anything oh wait I
got my ant sweater I need to give her
that alright I just give Matthew a
haircut I literally have just been on a
computer all day so sorry about that
I'll try and do something a little
entertaining later tonight but seriously
all day she's been on a computer this is
the problem with daily vlogging guys I
know it's entertaining when there's
stuff going on but it's not when there's
nothing my foot started hurting again
yesterday it started feeling better
today it's just being a butt-head
I did nothing I did nothing entertaining
so I was like maybe I'll go over cleans
and film something entertaining over
there she can't suggest too much work to
do but I did remember that I have
footage from the photoshoot I did the
cover of my book which I think is okay
to show you guys because the cover of my
book is already out and the book isn't
using any of the other pictures that we
took so I think I'm cool to show you
guys and it's not the pictures it's just
the photoshoot so uh he had me doing a
million jumping shots we didn't use any
of them because we only use one picture
but here's here's this and
I hope that was slightly entertaining
tomorrow's vlog is Thanksgiving so that
is actually entertaining just I just I
had nothing to show you I hope you like
that little part ah my bad I'll make it
better I love you do you guys tomorrow
okay
