it's day one we're on the airplane on
Hawaiian Airlines I believe that we
should make sure that all right we're
about to fly to Hawaii so we're about to
sit for five hours straight we have so
many activities planned dewey which we
do person sleep I like you Dan
before I even get to Hawaii I want to
give a huge thank you to Disney's Moana
for sponsoring this video
Hawaiian Airlines for flying me out
there and Disney's Aulani for putting me
up in their amazing hotel let's get
ready to party
all right we just got to Lonni and we're
all just throwing our bathing suits on
because we're going to the pool and I
don't want to talk to any more because I
would put my swimsuit on and go to the
pool well okay we're at a luau funny
fact what's not funny
it's just a fact my roommate from
college whose wedding I went to in
Hawaii if he wants to go her husband is
an emcee of this show at Aulani so small
world small island yeah
your heart
it's just like a love song with the are
things we pray bringing you joy laughter
do you want to see something extremely
don't you don't I heard it I heard it I
heard it I heard it my ears my ear about
a week or two ago my my toenail ripped a
little bit but I didn't want to tear it
all the way uh-oh my big toe and I just
started putting my sandals on and it got
caught oh I tore I wanted to focus on
the girls yes no idea how big that Tony
he doesn't look that bad on my toe
no you're told good eye looks wide with
that all just ripped off it it hurts
sorry miss Elaina oh it's so loud and
heavy yeah
good morning it's day two here in Hawaii
do you like these sunglasses I got from
the gift shop
hey new sunglasses that's pardon John
focus all up at 7:00 I woke up from him
peeing in the toilet very loudly but now
we're all gonna go get breakfast
actually my phone called my publishers
in five minutes and then we're gonna go
all and get breakfast the why doesn't
this camera like focusing on me anymore
not beautiful enough free buggy come on
breakfast breakfast mr. cordial Marco
he's the most excited about his
breakfast was delicious I pooped
immediately afterwards and that was
amazing
but now we're laying out at the beach
eglee I liked you that was peculiar I
apologize we're laying out at the beach
oh no we got things to do today we're
gonna do them and it's gonna be fun
we're going to mallanna screening
premier thing tonight is it a screening
or premiere I don't know what at this
but we're going to see Milano tonight
I'm very excited about that I love
Disney movies and I love Hawaiian
culture so two and one what's up lover
okay that's all I'm gonna lay out some
more get some what gets my tan on
okay so we're walking up and down the
coastal areas near the hotel and it's
just so gorgeous it's just so pretty I'm
just so happy John and Kelleen are
serenading each other currently on her
ukulele I'm planning on buying her
ukulele for her birthday I'm just gonna
take her to ukuleles Sorum do I pick one
out
anyway it's just so gorgeous look at
this we're at a character meeting right
now we're the kids are about to be
yeah
we're at the spa place in Aulani
and I'm looking for under-eye thanks you
were in my bag because I don't like
wearing makeup when I'm in Hawaii this
is this is what I found ice water eyes
perfect for anyone with a face but if
you don't have a face you can't use it
all right so Brad it's a new thing and
then we're going to build and design
this canoe which we are very excited
about and I just had to put their
seaweed on my lip I just had some Sam OH
bamboo Sabiha visit our canoe is called
the Queen part of it says oh hi
it is pink purple and lime-green and it
telomer much so much it's going on I
think they have to blew it for us will
you describe a canoe for me yes this is
the SS the Greendale will proudly
display the word the Queen then we had
to sail an assumption that French
Mandela color
it says yeah somebody our canoes motto
we solvent nice and then we have the
other statuses hey girl
and it says yes gone come girl and then
it says oh oh we are the most obnoxious
people ever and also the richest the
purchased between all of us so trade
group wasn't for me then he have the
girlfriend and asked me to pull a
picture of her up and after a long time
you finally told me your name
here's the picture of her
they're madly in love apparently they
had breakfast this morning
is that true all right what about the
other Mouse Nicky we got back we'd
watched the movie it was so cute it was
adorable I'm obsessed with the little
chicken she has a little chicken as a
best friend hi hi we at the resort the
kids met Moana earlier today at she's
hanging out with us and when we built
the canoe we had to show her our canoe
and it said hang out or like one did say
yeah hey girl on it girl
hi girl and she was like I have a friend
named hey hey what would you do if you
saw hey hey I can we say oh we're so
annoying but I was excited when I saw
the chicken in the movie because then I
could be like hi hi hi he was cute it
was a cute movie the songs really fun
the songs are really fun yeah ah Dwayne
the rock Johnson can sing he can
serenade me any day of the week
I find myself look slightly attractive
to a very large Samoan cartoon for the
first time Internet well there hasn't
been a Samoan cartoon ever oh I know
Lila would stitch probably have I liked
it I love learning about the Hawaiian
culture because I love it here and all
the peoples all right I'm gonna go sleep
actually that's a lie
we ordered room service and we're gonna
eat pizza and then fall asleep I are
sensible Sam no you and more thing
the sound was my idea no yes you said
should we get aside of something else
and I said yes I when I was thinking
french fries yeah I know you are hey
it's the next day so I ended up not
being able to eat any of the room
service because my stomach hurts so bad
realize I hadn't gone to the restroom in
like three days at all I went to the
restroom for those three days last night
anyway when I was in NorCal like several
months ago I lost my set of keys to my
apartment it was devastating I was like
I'm gonna have to remake those keys I'm
have to get a new fall which could cost
me like a hundred bucks I put it off I
didn't want to do it put it off and put
it off as like I'm I don't want to spend
the money and I was going through my
suitcase repacking it and my keys
just popped up on the bottom of my
suitcase and I don't know how that's
possible because I clean my suitcase out
there's nothing left in my suitcase when
I come back from a trip and also I've
used it multiple times since that trip
where I lost it so I have no idea how he
just randomly appeared at the bottom of
my bag like I literally when I thought I
lost them well I had lost them I ripped
out my bag I was shaking it there were
no keys so I am actually blown away as
to how they were in my bag just now I
don't know if it was a little fairy that
just like stole them and then just
replace them just now I have no idea
what happened my mind is blown I do not
know how they got back in my suitcase
where did you come from
so we're leaving at 11:00 today we woke
up at 7 have breakfast Colleen and we're
just like in the chill and John not
right deck we're in Hawaii we're going
on the waterslide so we're leaving in
two hours but we're we're gonna go in
the water
okay so John and I had fun on our little
slide adventure at hot tub but now we
are at airports you're about to fly to
another island with first words I got to
look at Hawaiian Airlines airplane and
they just decked out in wanna gear which
was pretty cool so let's let's go boys
on my chin you said just a shadow and a
weird like vein in my chin everyone
I got your local I just got laid I can't
even meet to look at there it is
it's Moana sailing with a little pigs
what's the pizza I'm prepping the pig's
name I was more interested in the
chicken hey hey so right now we're on a
national flight about to fly to the car
and the note we're about to fly
why aren't we never flying or we just
not flying right now we're never gonna
fly then why are we on the airplane
because why when I got to the hotel last
night I got to grab a bite to eat and I
fell asleep and so I didn't film much
but it's a new day I have I go get
breakfast with Corey I think and then
we're all going to go meet down by the
pool and then at 12:30 we head out as a
group with the tour I'm with and we go
sightseeing and then end up on the other
side of the island and go to another
hotel I don't quite know what's
happening but you know I'm gonna fill
you in on it okay I just came up with
something I have a request for a smart
person or a scientist or something and I
get 10% of this if you actually end up
making it you're not just spray-on
sunscreens you can't quite tell what
part of you you hit or when it's dry for
you to go in the water so I'm thinking I
should come up with the sunscreen at the
spray bottle whatever she sprayed on
it's easy don't rub it but then when you
spray it on it's pink and so you know
what's part of it has hit you and then
once it dries it turns clear so you know
when you're allowed to go in the water
like it's Ryan up to go in the water it
won't wash off genius right so you know
where you've sprayed it on your body and
you know when you're allowed to go in
the water
yeah it's pink for a little bit but I
think it's mainly for like little kids
so you know what part of your kid hasn't
been hit yet with sunscreen it's a
genius so make that happen and it gave
me 10% cuz I got the idea cool thanks
so we're on this bus today we are
traveling from one side of the island to
the next but we're stopping at different
lookout points wow this is gorgeous
I found : huddled by a fence and I had
no idea why there's kittens
all right so we just got to our new
hotel on the other side of the island
and look at my view from my bedroom
that's gorgeous honey gee me coleus
right next door so sassy oh I could
sneak it to a row in the middle of the
night we're in by the way of dresses
Colleen we're in fact of a lava tube
thing this is insane laughs I made this
whole thing I was just vlogging
accolades camera and I realized it looks
really bad and that's because she was
had her camera in a weird setting so I
look so much better now don't I look
glorious I look so much more attractive
so I just went to the volcanoes okay now
I was only one I believe I wish I could
have been there at like almost sunset
so I could explore everything in the
daytime and then watch the Sun slowly
set and then see it at night because it
is cool at night because you can see the
lava glow and sprout and that was really
cool seeing a lot of like bubble you
cannot see it in this footage at all it
was a huge crater it was a volcano
it was literally a hole to the center of
the earth that's what a volcano is it is
a hole to this end the middle of the
earth is spewing up it is so hot that
it's lit it's melted rock and is just
viewing up and it was beautiful but you
can't see it in a camera at all so I
wish I could've been there in the
daytime to show you guys at least like
the crater because that was huge but
yeah so tomorrow is we're flying back to
Oahu I believe and then that's the end
of this massive vlog daily vlogging
stuff this stuff has all been thanks to
Disney Disney is amazing
so stressful I had I don't know
where it was cool he just left with this
that's good I'm gonna go sleep see you
later should I get one of these hats I
think I like him I think I might get one
I just like that I can be the braid
