Oh where's my hairbrush Oh where's my
hairbrush wait 30 bathing suit yeah good
morning we are 400 ho I don't look like
the Queen I look a little busted that's
makeup anyway you guys don't care um we
fly home today so we're getting ready to
go home it's really sad but Thanksgiving
it is in two days and I'm excited for
that
so we'll do a goodbye montage don't
worry just let me brush my hair first
will you don't let your love
we don't want to go home they don't care
they do care we're almost to the airport
and then we just have to fly for at five
and a half hours and we're gonna be home
but I found out nope never told you
about that stuff anyway
we made it man we made it back we made
it and now we're back we made it back
boys are back girls are back gays are
back that's beautiful thank you Cory
Cory is always a helpful hand in the
song dance I got a text anyway we're
backwards waiting for our bags which is
always the best part of arriving
somewhere but then we're gonna go home
and I'm gonna go get food Matthew hey
guys
I am home it's not focusing on me hi I'm
home um so at some point today or
tomorrow
the massive vlog from the first few days
thousand Y will be up what is this hair
doing so I'm will be posting two in one
day that is not part of vlogmas head
that is all video ended of itself but it
will be on this channel so I am doing
what is couldn't save changes please
review your video details server error
details my blogs on uploading have I
uploaded it private I'm gonna do what I
want
unable to finish thumbnail what you
talking about not having a good morning
Oh anyway so just so you know that vlog
will be going up after this one today or
tomorrow before the next one just giving
you a heads up that is not part of
blackness it is not taking away from a
daily vlog that's just a vlog from the
past that I'm posting now but this video
was super short flying days not don't
offer a lot footage no only they do but
I feel like I've filmed it so much my
life because I've traveled for two years
straight anyway I love you and I will
see you tomorrow which is art today but
no a Posen's
I need to stop trying to figure this out
okay love you guys too fake
