I'm in Santa Barbara I just got here
about my parents house my mom and I are
about to go grab and I have to be at the
theater in an hour
food show today this is the first day
apparently Santa Barbara has been able
to breathe a little bit the air quality
is great here today not great it is not
the worst so that's actually really
awesome go get food for me and then I
film the video on the way here cuz I was
like oh I need a video for tomorrow what
can I do in a car oh I did what I think
well I'm driving we're doing sound check
right now there are a lot of people at
this show a lot and my throat really
hurts I have a sore throat woke up a
sore throat getting through it not gonna
let it stop Christmas
my throat hurts so much I definitely had
to conduct that meet-and-greet which
hurt my throat even more got my daddy
about my la Jesus so it's helping but I
got a bunch of gifts I thought I'd go
through them
nice little shot toys for blaze Lilly
Tessa Karina and Kyle thank you guys
this is from a Brit Oh
oh this is cute I'm not going to get out
be annoying foot back end but it's a
little thingy that lights up it has
clips and hang family photos so you like
dang it you clip your photos onto it and
lights out yeah yeah chip clip kiss
thank you a brill many erasers a
grown-up present for my favorite adults
wait make your own many erasers it's
clay that becomes erasers what I almost
drooled this 2 is from Lilly Tessa
Karina and Kyle but I think it's to me
and not blaze yes face masks for my face
real ugly Christmas socks design your
own design my own sauce what a glorious
feeling I've seen on TV I have been a
warning me they put your socks on for
you this is from Sammy Thank You Sammy
and I got some socks oh my goodness I'm
gonna wanting this but I just knows
doubting it too much to get it so I'm
glad you bought it for me
Charles trailer not even be able to
pronounce your name and you brought me a
present I feel like a terrible Bob Lee's
another puzzle wow this one is art
goodness gracious thank you once we get
here I got a book up things my dog says
ran in
I got a treasure bottle a coconut bath
visitor with a fun surprise inside if
there's a surprise inside I'm willing to
take a bath for it
and I also got some gift cards from lacy
so thank you everyone who got me
anything I appreciate it so much I love
you guys I'm gonna go rest my voice
before the shower its Stephanie's
birthday on Wednesday and look what it
says happy birthday to you happy
birthday happy birthday
the show just finished I feel many of it
because you've seen it a million times
from my book my throat kills I am sick
and I'm sick and there's some more sick
every sentence hurts to say so goodbye
good pink shush so we slept with you
Annu house last night and blaze is
scared of every single noise that
happened I let him sleep on the bed with
me because he kept freaking out cuz it's
a new place he doesn't know what's going
on
he doesn't know that's his house he
doesn't know anything so my cousin
Andrew helped us yesterday move a bunch
of big stuff sort of like ok all about
your big stuffs here we gotta sleep here
so he slept there then we were about to
take a shower we brought all our shower
stuff but then we quickly realized that
the spouts are just like broken and the
bathtub is backed up so we went over to
the rental took a shower this morning
luckily we had a place to go I mean
obviously we've gotta clean everything
look we just had a place with you don't
real quick a shower so now I'm gonna go
finish Christmas shopping just I'm gonna
try and magically get it all done in two
hours which is impossible because this
is gonna take two hours to park but you
know it's optimism why not have a little
optimism in life and then I have to hold
it a Home Depot and get stuff to fix the
washer and dryer and the bathroom listen
we were going to have Home Depot install
our washer and dryers but we didn't have
the floor done by the time they got
there so I was like oh that's not myself
it's just a plug in and go right in
really yeah just plug it in and you're
doing ironing cool all the things no I
can't do it I'm Pandi I have no idea
what I'm doing the room is really small
the laundry was really small and my
'washington is a pretty big so in order
to get the door from the garage to the
laundry room open I have to like push
the dryer back as far as they possibly
can which is really difficult because
there's all these vents and all these
things so I've been going back and forth
to home depot trying to get vent duct
connectors to make it work and then I
realized that my gas line doesn't fit
into the hole and because they're both
female and so I needed a male thing and
the tube and a hole and then there's why
is there a lot water line going into my
dryer there's a water line going into my
dryer I do not know why maybe because
it's teams but the hoses too
short so I gotta go get a hose and guys
I'm doing things I never thought I would
do
I'm I like wood I'm I like to build with
wood I like to fix things that are
broken I have never done plumbing or
electrical in my entire life I'm more of
a solid-state person but I gotta expand
here because I don't want to pay someone
to install my washer and dryer I'm
trying to save a few bucks but it might
I realize I have to pay someone to
install my dishwasher that's a whole
other thing anyway I haven't jibber
driver in four to three minutes now I'm
gonna put this away and go Christmas
shopping all right how can I get
presents for Colleen my mom my dad Corey
Jess oh I don't want to make Jessica I
have everyone else pretty bland out I
don't got Jessica an anthro okay
okay I can do this 2:30 wish me luck
I just went to Ari I was like Cory or
someone or Jake but she was like what's
your Awards number I was like oh I
haven't been here in forever I ended my
rewards number and she goes you have a
hundred and fifty dollars of free money
so everything I just bought about a
hundred dollars worth of stuff without
free so I have $50 more it's been REI if
I need to and I'm just living I got
three different people Christmas present
and it's wonderful because it was free
that's what happens when you spend a lot
of money on snowboarding the year before
okay Cory Jacob thanks for nothing for
Cory something else for Trent I'm just
like I'm just I'm doing good I'm doing
good on time it has been 50 minutes and
I bought so many things so I just need
to head over to the actual mall come on
outside ball now which isn't crowded at
all but I have to go to that the mall
mall it's gonna be crowded I have to say
I was like malls gonna suck and I got in
the parking structure and the parking
sucked I was like you know what I'm just
gonna accept that just gonna let it be I
was just driving around and we were a
dead stop for like five minutes and I
was like this is okay and then Laurie um
to me the you know how like this the
person there's people in front of you
but then the car right next to you backs
up and it's the perfect spot for you to
go in I got it and I am right next to
the entrance of the mall like I didn't
get angry and I got in the perfect spot
and I was at a long line of cars all
waiting but I got the perfect spot
