good morning good morning is great to
stay up late good morning good morning
to you
it's cleans birthdates the 21st is Tish
Monday is Khalif birthday it's a
birthday Jonathan always leaves this
door open
Jonathan he doesn't watch the song on
screaming at him in the camera but yeah
it's coins birthday I'm hoping to be
able to get her to the ukulele store
today so she can pick out a ukulele I'm
whispering because she's downstairs I
don't know if she can hear me
yeah we don't have anything planned we
were gonna go like paddleboarding and
snorkeling but it's really freaking
stormy still need we might go to the
other side of the island where it's less
stormy I don't know what we're gonna do
I mean we all have a lot of work to do
we've been on vacation for about a week
and the works piling up like yeah I pre
film videos and stuff but emails to keep
rolling in book stuff keeps happening so
we've been spending the morning working
we woke up I woke up about 7:30
it's not 10:30 I've been just working
yeah I'm sure we'll do something
exciting soon my foot still hurts my mom
looked it up planters quiet itis or
something like that I don't know it's
from wearing unsupported unsupportive
shoes I'm just picking up trash doll
mining all right went back downstairs to
edit more and work
I got Cory including ukuleles yes so
they will play for you later
Cory doesn't know how to play it but
he's gonna learn I have no idea what the
last thing I filmed was maybe lunch oh
this is fo sure of the pool now we are
now at a potato Gardens taking a little
hike which is really smart for my foot
and Cory and pants and sandals he's
ready to work this hike we're hooking up
to a waterfall or I think it's just a
nice thing to do it's still a little
stormy today it's not as windy anymore
but the sun's still not out so no beach
today a hike instead we're gonna go over
to Christopher and Jessica's area of the
island later and have dinner with those
children's so beautiful here pretty it's
really nice
you
we got to the waterfall it's very Brown
and John says that's because of the rain
he looks so good wedding trend I missed
it
we literally saying it all day dude trim
yeah he looks so good in his trend you
started this we're done
you can do it singing there it'll make
us want it even more
I was a beautiful hike but now I have
even more beautiful view I have to pick
up lines and dates and we are at least
birthday dinner I met up with because
you're feeling the line my brain away
from me you guys are I leave tomorrow us
your number oh my god you're here
another week you're another all right
lazy river gotta get use out of that
happened sure I know I'm never gonna
wear this ever again
alright alright oh my god whoa Oh
yourself
I'd be living i would not fly with me it
just turned 11 o'clock please birthday
we got back I mean now push for dressing
the kids I feel like crap we all this
entire trip I've just had the worst
stomachaches and diarrhea because well
my nose entire region has a stomachache
on some poop but I'm just beginning like
crap because one vacation on and we like
crap and really never eating crap again
we're only thing healthy the rest of the
trip Oh attack I was sad and that's just
spinach the whole frickin trip we've had
McDonald's this morning he had like
pizza and nachos and eggs benedict and
what else we had an ice cream for lunch
and then we had frappuccinos and then
for dinner we all ordered like something
small and then we had massive strawberry
cream pie for dessert and we just need
you been eating terribly and we're old
and so our stomachs can't process it as
well so we just need terribly and so all
our stomachs constantly hurt but go home
tomorrow so I can eat better starting
tomorrow I'm exhausted it's 11:00 and I
need to put sleep I've never said that
sentence before bye so I'm going to
close out this blog I don't know what I
did today what do we do over the
waterfall that was our activity of the
day and I got quite a ukulele I hope she
likes it she seems to like it
in pori please learn how to play okay
that's the end
how did you guys so much have birthday
Killeen you're beautiful
goodbye
