oh they're sorry sand in my hair not
already there's still a right on okay hi
I apologize in advance for the crappy
connection all on tweet it are we here
it says I have no viewers okay there you
guys are you popped up okay we're doing
stag Sunday in Hawaii - hang on Twitter
this livestream going to be about 20
minutes cuz I have to head out to a luau
soon was it just dinner I don't know I'm
making things up but I do know that I
have to leave in about 30 minutes which
means this is just in between 25 minutes
how are you guys it's good to see you
guys again I'm not seeing you I'm about
to see you on Twitter it's good to hang
out with you guys again
um I have a vlog I am posting tomorrow
web yesterday and today and then I'm
gonna be posting the last week later
down the road it has to get approved
first and then it will happen but yeah I
will be this is again this is is this
should i is this the start of actual
vlogmas i think this is the start of
actual vlogmas um its high khorium
live-streaming cord broke himself do you
wanna see his hands there it is that's
my wrapping job yeah we're all just
getting ready right now
I got ready really fast this is my they
haven't something I put on a full face
of makeup since I've been to Hawaii so
you guys could see it yeah what are you
looking for um he doesn't have one
packed I don't think we have one up here
um John's on a run though
yeah oh right let's go to Twitter I've
just been talking at you ever haven't
even okay Oh lost internet connection on
my phone good hashtag Sunday in Hawaii
that's one thing about traveling that
it's always just just kind of
except you're not gonna get the best
internet like my home internet is like
the best internet ever except FiOS I
want Google files so bad but I don't
have that anyway but in when you're
traveling you're not gonna get it oh
wait this is start vogner so it's
Christmas it's Christmas it's Christmas
Christmas it's Christmas Christmas and
it's time to celebrate Christmas so
those are the start of vlogmas
officially I'll have to change my intros
and outros on my vlog Channel oh I just
gave myself more work I'm on vacation I
shouldn't have done that whatever it's
enjoyable right okay how's uh how's
Corey's hand I think it's fine you got
you just cut it and it doesn't look like
he needs stitches are glued it's just
we're just making sure it's stuck
together before we put a band-aid and
wrap it around
it'll be fine it just sucks that
happened I don't think he'll be able to
get in the water tomorrow which sucks I
mean I might just put a plastic bag over
his hand and duct-tape it he's not all
our parents do when we heard ourselves
on vacation but I was like don't put it
on the water our parents just here great
well put it in a plastic bag and
suffocate it for an hour I had to do
that on this hand I got this finger
messed up a huge soft cast like massive
soft yes I wish I had a picture my mom
has one somewhere in her house but a
soft cast like just covering my whole
hand cuz I was a kid then doctors like
well better safe than sorry and it was
just massive for one little finger but I
wasn't allowed to get it wet so I just
every time we did anything having to do
with water even showers or baths it was
just a plastic bag and duct tape around
my wrist can Christmas come any faster
no I don't want Christmas to come faster
I like a smooth sailing into Christmas I
don't need to run because then it's over
afterwards I like smooth going
and Christmassy lamely
all right so what are you guys up to
that's like have you missed me I've
missed you that's cocky to say all right
some heavy mist means have you tan at
all during this trip
um I've tan a little the first two days
while we right Aulani
am I supposed to say ashtag Edna anyway
I tend a few days there but then the
last few days we were on a bus and kind
of going sightseeing kind of um so I
didn't really get a chance to tan and
today we went out and tandel it's really
stormy where we are right now so it's in
I don't really care that much all right
I just have fun I don't need to be tan
when I go home if I go if I get tan and
I go home it's gonna be like did you
fake bake it's winter Oh
anyway I don't really meet the Tim and
my sister really likes tanning but I
just want to go have fun even if I get a
nice tan Wow I'm doing fun than
fantastic best of both worlds but I'd
rather be having fun everyone keeps
asking about Cora's hand
he hurt his hand on some rock in the
ocean
it wasn't Coral it was lava rock and it
is cut but it is healing
can you believe Khalid is 30 tomorrow no
actually I can I mean it's not that big
I mean she's not making a big deal out
of it she's not like having a midlife
crisis she's like happy and we're in
Hawaii and I'm like it's cool like we're
so excited for her birthday um I don't
know if she's not having a freakout over
it which is really nice which is making
like our group not have a freakout over
it and it's just like a birthday and
it's a fun day a lot like I remember
watching friends and every time someone
had a 30th birthday everyone freaked out
but I mean I might freak out when I get
30 but she's she's had a little tan bra
action
she's just chill so I'm not super hyper
it's been all day in the Sun
do you like science because you look
exactly like my science teacher and
sound like her but she has blonde hair
science teacher I'd like a picture I
love when people say I look like someone
else because only two times has it been
true it's true with I think of two
different soccer players I can see the
resemblance
oh and Coleen's one of Colleen's
producers on her show
Priscilla does it go so there's three
times when that's actually correct but a
lot of times you're like you and it
exactly like this person and I'm like no
they're not even similar in the
slightest I don't think I look anything
like Colleen and half the world is like
you look like twins and the other half
is like you look like you're different
families John I'm live streaming watch
what you say John's here I don't but you
look good yeah go shower we're leaving
in like 20 okay um John just came back
from his run getting he's the only
person that's worked out on this trip I
need to it's just I hurt my foot really
bad oh I'm posting my blogs I feel like
you guys have known everything because
I've been vlogging everything I just had
the realization that you have no idea
what's been going on um I hurt my foot
on nothing literally nothing I
oh my god you know about my toenail you
don't know it's a I can't wait to start
posting vlogs again I'm having a
freakout because I feel like I'm
thinking his wife streamers now I'm like
no everything you know what we've been
doing cuz I've been vlogging it I
haven't posted anything okay so um so
yesterday we were walking we were in the
airport and my right foot really hurts
and then by the time we got to our
destination I couldn't walk on my foot
and I can't put any pressure on my right
heel I can tiptoe around and be fine but
the second I put pressure on my right
heel my my foot is like it's true
shooting this or it feels like I have a
giant bruise like kind of in the middle
of my foot but the only time it
activates pain is when my heel presses
down I don't know
so I've been like hobbling around I'm
still having fun I'm not gonna let it
stop me from doing anything but yeah my
foot hurts
it's annoying oh I just realized that I
haven't put deodorant on after my shower
I don't smell yet what I need to put my
lotion eczema cream oh yeah you can
already I haven't put my eczema cream on
and you can you can't see in this
because the quality is gonna be bad but
I'm already starting to scale a little
bit because I don't have my eczema cream
on right after my shower its whole thing
I can only stay on here for about 10
more minutes I gotta go but I really
wanted to livestream with people I
missed yesterday sorry about that
um everyone wants you to dab you're the
only person that has said anything close
about dabbing so Jessica you're lying
when I hardly with my history homework
sorry Abbi no so i'm says their fascist
as her mom gets me and Kelleen confused
I don't think we look alike I mean thank
you I find that a compliment because I
think she's gorgeous but I don't think
that we looked at so similar Samuel says
my foots broken really that would suck
what I did I didn't do anything on it
like it's not like something happened
I'm like oh that moment made my foot
hurt it was like I'm just walking around
and it was a slow progression of pain so
I'm just walking hurt my foot but I
think it's because I've been wearing
sandals and I I used to be barefoot or
sandals 24/7 for like ten years straight
and then the past two years I'm like oh
I'm an adult I should wear shoes and so
I've been wearing just shoes like vans
or Nikes 24/7 for the past two years and
then I wore sandals on the strip and I
think that's what hurt my foot I don't
think it's broken because I didn't I
didn't do anything that would cause a
foot to break
how did the combo go with the cab driver
so yes yeah yesterday we were taking a
cab ride and the driver was like Miranda
sings is staying in your hotel like oh
cool he's just messed with her it was
fun later she realized we saw her in the
lobby later she realized that whoo-hoo
cool unless it was pretty funny but yeah
she like what's her real age like
kollene something like I wasn't jamming
up with show what's a college like I
forgot she was really nice she was
really cute
she was just a car a cab driver and she
ended up she's like good really cool
waterfalls up there we're like oh that's
cool and she's like yeah let me just
drive you when she's driving us like
free of charge to go see the waterfall
let us get out take pictures and the
Drobo it was really nice yeah is it
shave ice or shaved ice it's a shave ice
in Hawaii is shave ice there's no D at
the end really yeah a shave ice I
promise you I'd had confident I am I
will bet you $23 because it's random
hey shaved ice I'll bet you shaved ice I
bet you shave ice I am getting the one
with the ice cream
okay there's no deep it no I know the
ice is shaved but it is called shave ice
so they were just saying that they have
four do you know no they created it not
us God God created them who created it I
mean you're gonna take a shower
so my tweets aren't loading right now so
that's nice so I know what you guys are
saying you're probably all saying I'm
correct than this shave ice I think
you're wearing what week the outfits
with you
gee I'm wearing a dress Jamie her drive
no core I just came up here asking for
one and I said we didn't buy my tweets
aren't loading so I have no idea what
you guys are saying I ain't know if you
guys are still watching I don't know
anything
oh my gosh are you and John dating
totally we said this was our honeymoon
with the tree yeah don't tell her
boyfriends uh we can't see you Wow great
fantastic can you see me now I am mad
that the Verizon guys switched to sprint
yes say he was probably uncontacted
ten years with t-mobile right no it was
with Verizon okay so he's like he said
can you hear me now and then he switched
providers who switch to sprint and so
he's like I used to be the guy that
asked if you could hear me now but now
I'm with Sprint because they're better
smart actually on his part well it was
clearly spritz I had a brunch and I
don't know if I'm allowed to say this I
have a friend who worked on the like
brand my legs I love you guys go
shower I don't know anything about him
but I do know that's thank you that
sprint is a terrible network to work
with are you some Springs in high school
I have t-mobile now someone on Twitter
asked me what phone service I had I have
your Eisen I was afraid it was a trick
question until I asked him about the
trick question I'm live streaming this
is working I still have no idea this is
working won't get in the shower oh my
gosh we tweets finally loaded me waiting
for you to butcher someone's name
hashtag ad no Lea I settle on e so I
said hashtag ad afterwards cuz I don't
know what the role
I love it you love it all I just saw all
of Jonathan every single bit of his
wiener oh you guys want to see no okay I
don't know how guys how long have I been
live streaming 15 minutes I'm gonna
we're leaving in 15 right okay I'm gonna
fly something like five more minutes of
the month or we're writing our dresses
tonight right I'm sorry I did not mean
to offend you this is a mess this
livestreams a mess did you expect
anything different this was a good day
Oh everyone's saying I won it's je vais
I know any Batman shave ice that I
wasn't sure about some areas my shave
ice they're fighting in there yes you
were because it doesn't make sense in
the English language we all know there's
soap in Oh do you need what do you need
Thanks
that's the body wash that's funny watch
from there in there oh there's some
there's a thing out here I'll come get
it for you stay in the shower no I'm not
gonna wash your back walking around with
you guys walking around with you guys
and around with you guys and we're y'all
 wait I'm gonna put you here and
I want you to see John's penis let's see
just my group shot
Oh shots shots shots shots no they're
still just fighting with each other
about nothing in the bathroom
is John close or no John is not close
she's naked in the shower right now with
the door open but there's a curtain
marry me I'm busy tonight
I can't I'm sorry Oh worst Christmas
gift ever I don't know I don't know if I
have a worst Christmas gift ever
what we appreciate all gifts given to us
oh yeah we do have a relative that
always seems to go to CVS right before
coming over to our house for Christmas
and gives us very strange things always
appreciate it because it's hilarious to
us so it's not a bad gift because we
want it to happen because we think it's
hilariously one year my parents bought
me a motorized scooter and I was living
for it but it was they branded got they
thought was really good but it wasn't so
like we'll returning to get you a
different brand they returned it I never
got another one it's okay
they bought me a car when I was 16
actually bought me a car when I was 15
and a day away from being 16 what are
you drinking that's just straight coffee
I don't drink alcohol that much at all
anymore I drink it the other night when
I went with my friend okay it makes me
feel really gross like while I'm
drinking it
are they okay why are there screams
Collina John are just always screaming
no matter what is happening they are
screaming oh yeah this entire trip
John wakes all of us about 7:00 a.m.
just screaming about something today it
was about a rooster there was no rooster
okay there was a rooster but I didn't
here until we were fully awake but us
I swore together just we're just a
screaming mess I don't know how many
times we've all had to apologize to
people at tables next to us or in the
bus next to us or on the beach next to
us it's constant apologies from us the
rooster well my room is quiet no Johnny
top of your sleep yeah I don't know if
you guys can hear anything they're
saying so this is the one-sided
conversation here witnessing women what
do you want for Chris for not for
Christmas for your birthday now it's a
lame answer do you think alien foods
that's such a dad answer of you I know
as you get older you kind of just want
to hang with cool people what are you
doing for Thanksgiving I am going to
over to my cousin's house so hi Cory I'm
live streaming so cantatas naked I'm
actually gonna hang up now because I
think I'm okay Colleen says I'm not
allowed to hang up yet are you having
fun being in their comments feeding on
my live stream don't show my entire life
on about sets having so much fun with
him
iron your hair or something
like three minutes so I'm hanging up and
I love you guys and I hope you enjoyed
this and I'm sorry it was so crazy but I
mean it's a little more enjoyable than
by normal lectures just me right okay I
love you guys
ah and I'll be there
you
