my mom hang it bagging something grab
and uh oh gee bagging I get home today
I've land and get home and she goes so
tell me the tea bags spill the tea bags
that's what she said
spill the tea bags did I say all right
and I was like oh that's a cute attempt
hey at least she knows that tea has to
do with drama at least she knows that
much right now Francesca's here they're
about to go to Angela's wedding man I'd
say that but yeah yep okay that's fine
yeah so that's what's happening I just
want part of video with my mom and
you'll see that in like two weeks
because I'm filming ahead of time I am
officially done pre filming videos
before I leave for Hawaii so I have
videos filmed from now through
Thanksgiving so what Thanksgivings over
I got a film like it but I'm proud of
myself
now I just have to edit about three
videos and I won't have to worry about
work when I'm in Hawaii which is so nice
because I mean I love my job but it's
hard to get an actual vacation and and
even though I am going to Hawaii for
work it's like a brand deal but it like
come on it's Hawaii but I'm so excited
that I had just chill and not worry
about it oh it's like a weight looked
just got dinner with Matthew my musical
hi it's the next day I look really cute
I'm at Walgreens because I'm getting
stuff for my trip tomorrow I leave my
apartment like 7 a.m. so I'm just trying
to get everything done now and not wait
till the morning because I'd be stupid
but I was short a few supplies so I'm
not Walgreens getting some stuff and I'm
whispering because I'm in public by
myself talking to the camera
look how good I am at packing it did
that I look like a different person
without makeup on the same glorious
human as always I'm really excited right
now so these are my travel shampoo and
conditioners and eczema cream yeah I
have eczema on the inside of my elbows
back since I've been using this certain
Exmouth cream it's like gone away a lot
you can even tell you guys just pointed
out a lot in my videos not like you
being mean or something but you're just
like what's happening what is that it
was eczema it still is eczema and if I
don't put my cream on it it activates
and destroys my arm anyway that's how
what I'm talking about right now I mean
these but I digress
I usually write on with Sharpie it can
ask for shampoo a C for conditioner and
E for eczema cream but the Sharpie
always comes off like if I take the
shower or I just travel or my oily hands
get it so I'm gonna use my engraver and
as see on TV product that I got I
haven't used it since the video and I'm
just gonna stop this is the conditioner
on wow that's a C time for the S boom
Thanks e eczema I don't know if any of
you have eczema but I turned a lot of
different stuff and the only thing that
works for me is a Vino's eczema therapy
just in case anyone was wondering I
doubt anyone cares but I just thought
I'd put it out there I don't know if the
work for you but it's the only thing
that's right for me all right I'm gonna
close up this vlog and this will be the
last daily vlog I post until I get back
from Hawaii yeah I will be vlogging
every day but I won't be posting every
day so at the end of my Hawaii trip
you'll get a massive ridiculously stupid
long vlog of every day that I was there
but I won't be posting on it you get it
you got it okay so yeah I mean I'll be
on Twitter I'll be on Instagram and
snapchat and longways and my main
channel videos will be going up but the
vlog challenge you won't hear anything
until the 19th when I do a live stream
and then I think I'll post on the 22nd
or the 23rd or something like that once
this is all done all right cool I love
you guys so much
I'll see you later alligator peace out
little Scout adios adios I don't know
what - adios nice
