it's Friday morning I got there this how
are you guys I'm great I showered which
is strange I get out of bed and I go
edit and do things and I bog well but
then I shower today I got straight out
of bed and I went to shower which is
weird but I'm glad I did it I'm making
coffee no no okay so I still use a
Keurig but I don't use the single pods
anymore
Matt got me this thing that like it
makes a pod but you put coffee grounds
in this so it's like less wasteful and
cheaper and I'm kind of into it yeah it
takes a little bit more time like maybe
30 seconds more but I'm so into it I
feel better about myself
oh look at that spot number two saw me
baby that's all me oh I forgot to unlock
the car and I tried to get it cuz yeah I
was too busy gloating about my spot to
actually function as a human I'm gonna
go pick up lunch and I'm gonna come back
and film cuz I still got a bunch of
stuff to fill my edited a blog and a
main Channel video today so I have been
working but also I've been playing on
the ukulele my fingers hurt do you guys
know how much I hate that it starts
getting dark around 4:00 now I hate it
so much I love sunshine I love the Sun
and I was like editing I was like oh my
god it's dark already is it like 9 p.m.
or something it's for 55 I hate this
yeah it's like oh the night is young I
want the Sun I went to Sun always well
the haunted sleeping when I'm sleeping
you can definitely be dark no no it
makes me depressed and sad like sunshine
makes you happy that's science that's
not even me post about my but that's
science anyway I just found the video
I'm editing in fact videos to edit so I
have videos filmed until the 17th and so
I need to film three more videos before
I leave on Monday which shouldn't be a
problem at all
much needed foam probably one more video
today and then the video Morrow review
the next day and I'm fine hi so I am
about to head downtown to meet up with
my friend Brittany to have drinks and I
was like I need some entertaining vlog
footage she goes great we're going to a
rooftop bar in downtown LA meet me there
say okay
I'm waiting for my uber and I'm gonna go
downtown which is something I don't do
we're currently bar hopping I'm gonna
lead into my camera and scream for you
to hear me lower crazy bar Bobby I'm on
my second drink okay I'm about to show
you a shot of the most adorable little
old man here this
he was sitting by himself just waiting
for people to hit the dance floor just
sat there enjoying the music and every
times two people got up to dance he'd
like start getting up and then they
leave and then he'd get back down it was
so sad all I wanted was for someone to
dance with him I know you're like Rachel
why didn't you do it listen I was too
afraid that he'd be too good for me
maybe so happy but then she couldn't get
the steps right and he literally was
like okay you was it Becky had a very
specific dance he what to do and she
couldn't pick up the steps No so that's
it oh I was gonna show you guys the cut
on my leg I was talking about in my
livestream yesterday so I'm gonna show
you if you didn't if you didn't watch my
livestream I was hanging up these
Christmas lights I was on a chair I
jumped off the chair and took a step and
I scraped the crap out of my thigh on
this see that's like my skin it's not my
skin but yeah I was standing on a chair
behind this this was pulled out I hopped
down and walked across and scraped my
leg and then just fell to the floor so
I'm gonna I'm gonna show you my scrape
hold on this is the scrape of my thigh I
guess it doesn't look that bad but it
hurts like compared to my finger it's
like the length of my finger and it's
bruised and it hurts like a mother effer
all right but that's it for this video
hope you guys were entertained and I
will see you tomorrow okay cool
peace out little Scouts love you bye
