hey yo I wanna pretend we're at the
North pool
turning me into an ice-cold holiday made
just for me my baby my better sit down
today the nice thing that the beginning
of the last livestream I hope so I'm
tweeting this that's why I ignoring you
tweeting oh my babies into fate yes
Claire is here Claire you're the first
person I saw Thank You Claire for being
an existence Oh lame is finally joining
a live stream after Oh how many years is
that 163 million seven hundred
eighty-four thousand four hundred and
eighty-two years
Wow Elaine I think Alana's from
Singapore don't hate me if I'm wrong I
just maybe hopefully I don't know um
what's what's up guys so I did vlog
yesterday but I'm kind of gonna combine
it with today's vlog and post that
tomorrow I think that because
yesterday's vlog didn't vlog that much
didn't do anything and I was like wait I
do live streams on Saturday so I think
that's nice I think I'm not gonna post
vlogs on Saturdays I don't blog mess I'm
in a live stream but I will vlog on
Friday I will just combine it Saturday's
wrong to post on Sunday does that make
sense everyone on the same page good
honest 1,300 of you on here what's up
remember if you want to talk to me
during live stream go on Twitter and use
hashtag Saturdays at Rachel's it's in
the description box and it's
it's been happening for the past few
months girl is midnight I shall be
sleeping six at midnight ah if you had
to live without Twitter or Starbucks oh
it would be I would look without
Starbucks I could never live without
Twitter don't be silly
how are you guys how's it going
did you guys have no school Easter days
at veteran's weekend cuz it's Veterans
Day yesterday does that mean you had no
school yesterday so it's like a
three-day weekend for you all if so
that's nice
congrats to you you know what what do
you guys what are you different things
do you guys get Thanksgiving off those
in America because Thanksgiving is only
in America um a fall stay in which we
tricked Indians into giving us their
land and then all the bad things I
digress but do you guys get Wednesday
off or is it just Thursday Friday off
and you get like half day and Wednesday
that's usually how it used to be for me
we get a half day on Wednesday and then
Thursday and Friday off I just found out
that some some schools are making it so
you don't get Christmas break until the
23rd or something which is absurd to me
cuz yeah I like Christmas break starts
on like the 23rd for some people
Christmas is the 25th you can't get like
two days what you get one day off before
Christmas
that's ridiculous if you ask me um
alright so let's talk on Twitter let me
see what y'all are doing Oh Blitzen
Becky Becky is watching me in the
theater waiting for Colleen's show to
happen yes that's pretty cool
you're waiting for Colleen and I'm like
I'm like the warm-up to her show cuz
Colleen's performing somewhere on the
East Coast I don't know we're in like I
don't know an hour
or she didn't hurt me everything the
meet and greet if it's what isn't what
time is it four five six seven seven
since as I said her show should start
either in ten minutes of 40 minutes I
don't know what time or show us but I'm
like a little warmup
I hope you're enjoying it I haven't said
or done much hmm
oh you changed the picture behind me
behind you yeah because it's Christmas
everything has to be Christmassy ah
not many be tweeting me so just a few of
you that are Addison Ross Alania Fran
mrs. Jasper Erin the elf Elaine Ritson
Becky Mary Morgan Addison again every on
Ariane Ariane Aaron oh and Chlo you guys
seem to be the only ones here so we're
just having a little hangout just us no
one's using the hashtag maybe if I go to
my notifications
maybe the modifications Oh everyone's
just tweeting at me you got to use the
hashtag there's okay people are using it
down notice me honey all right I noticed
you uh what do we talk about today what
do you want to talk about I don't have
anything exciting to tell you guys it I
have to say it's much nicer doing the
live stream now that I've already
announced my book cuz I'm not gonna lie
every time I do the live stream I was
scared to death that I was going to say
something about my book and I wanted
everything around my book to be a
complete surprise like just in your face
surprised you had no idea it was coming
and so I was really scared to say
something at live streams and now I
literally am having no secrets from you
guys so it's very nice it feels relaxing
and I can breathe easier so there's that
oh this person has the whole week of
Thanksgiving off Carvin love you dog
talk about your book all right
I still don't know when the UK pre-order
is going up trust me I am just as
frustrated as you are it's a book and
there's a hundred one things in it that
pissed me off and there's a little rant
that goes which each thing and then some
of them have pictures that I took to go
with it or drawings that I drew that
code and they are amazing drawings mind
you fantastic
I am a true artiste there's yeah there's
a lot of stuff that goes it's it's a lot
of fun it's supposed to be for all ages
the the only cuss word in there is piss
and then I wrote it with the hopes that
anyone can pick it up and laugh at it
and then my fans that people actually
know me will laughing even harder
because they can hear in my tone of
voice I made sure it was written in my
tone of voice like I use the words that
I always do is I didn't try and go
proper like I'm Rachel this isn't a word
like yes but I say it therefore it is a
word and I'm keeping it in there all
right
so yeah I think I hope you guys like it
I know what do you guys want what do you
what do you want to hear about the book
or we can talk about something
completely different
oh yeah someone just said I'm a close to
500k on my blog channel what yeah I am I
today I was looking at my stats and
stuff and I haven't done anything my
blog turn on like three months was just
terrible of me and I was so I was
quickly rising and then I didn't do we
think the three months and I was
plateaued went down a little just my bad
but now I'm starting to do stuff on it
again I'm hoping to get to 500 by
Christmas I am only like 500 500 off to
get to 500 thousand right yeah so I
should be there poets but set a goal for
Thanksgiving let's let's hope I get to
500 thousand by Thanksgiving my sister's
large Hannah just hit a million that's
some so she's gonna have another one I
shoot Plex I have two tiny little
plaques grab this one for my main
channel this one for my black Channel
buzzes when you hit a hundred thousand
YouTube sends you those and then I have
a 1 million plaque over there from a
main channel and I want my goal is to
get 2 million in my blood channel 2 so
then I get another plaque for that a
Killeen has like a billion plaques out
what she should and she's like trying to
figure out how to put him up in her
house she's cute hello oh uh
Thanksgiving past already for me well
Jenice are you Canadian because I know
that was like a few months ago
your guys's Thanksgiving when is
Thanksgiving well eggnog Felicia it's
Thursday the 24th of this month that's
what our Thanksgiving is Rebecca asked
how my knees are they're they're better
okay I will vlog it later so I can show
you but yeah this isn't happy with my
knees but I thought about my legs and I
want to tell you the story so I was
hanging up Christmas lights on my
ceiling and I was on top of a stool and
I jumped down on the stool and kind of
lost my balance and my leg right here I
will show in a blog it'll be in
tomorrow's vlog I'll show it but it's
great against the corner of my little
side table next to my couch and I have
my cut is literally this long it goes it
goes from here to here on my leg and it
is a deep cut editing then the next day
I looked at it and it was bruised all
the way around it looks like I literally
took a knife and then punched the crap
out of my leg and so I haven't worn
shorts it's been like 80 degrees where I
live the past couple days but I won't
wear shorts because it is the ugliest
thing that has ever happened on my leg
and so
anyway I'm very stressed out about it
and it hurts like it it's bruised
I don't know how I needed that heart cuz
it wasn't like I've fell off the chair I
just like jumped off the chair and took
a step and like didn't notice that thing
I don't know but a couple leg and a
purse real bad still and I'm hot cuz I
can't wear shorts I mean I could but
people will be staring at it because
this is that bad very excited but my
knees are doing better um the shots I'm
getting from the docks are helping a lot
and I'm attempting to go snowboarding
for the first time ever at the end of
this month or the beginning of December
haven't quite figured out the dates but
it's going to go around when I go to
Vegas on the first anyway I'm hoping to
go snowboarding and I'm really scared
that snowboarding is gonna hurt my knees
a lot but knowing me I won't notice that
till afterwards because I'll be having
so much fun and I enjoyed a little kind
of be going that I won't feel my knees
then afterwards gonna be like oh oh good
but hopefully I'm fine I just have to
build up the leg muscle around my knees
and then I'll do better but my knees are
doing a lot better and I'm very happy
about it
holla I don't know if that's your name
khala is unstable says she can okay grab
her Christmas break is the 23rd to the
9th
what like you guys have no time before
Christmas to celebrate the Christmas
season you're stressing because if cuz I
remember that when I'm in high school I
did the block schedule so we had four
classes for a semester and then the next
semester we switched and had four
different classes so if you're on the
Block schedule you have finals and right
before Christmas break or if you're on
like not the block central and you just
have seven classes all year round
isn't it like midterms at the end so
you're having a massive test right
before Christmas you can't celebrate the
Christmas season if that was stress
wearing on shoulders the school system
ice if I ever became president I fixed
that I bet I listen
Paulie for Christmas to celebrate put a
school system how Dave just ripping all
the joy they possibly can from your
little souls I'm not okay with it but
again I'm strange Manny wants to know if
I will be coming in the January bus tour
I can't wait to hug um I I would
probably stop by at some point I don't
I'm not gonna go on the whole thing
because that's a really long time to be
on the bus I have like a certain limit
of how long I can tour before I'm like I
need to go home and just recharge but I
will definitely be stalking back I don't
know what shows I don't know when but
I'll fly out for like a week and then
I'll come back awesome it's a full bus
so it's hard to just include yourself
the whole time okay I see a bunch of UK
people ask me about the UK pre-orders
all right to talk about this beginning a
live stream but I'll say it again I do
not know when the pre-orders is
happening we will know hopefully by
Thanksgiving when your guys's P orders
will be up we'll know with they're going
to be out I don't know right now
trust me I have even my publishers I
have called them they've been like
Rachel you just trust us we you need to
let us work we can't work if you're
constantly bugging us I might well if it
were fist and you've had it I wouldn't
be fighting you anyway I will announce
it in a video and on snapchat on
Instagram and on Twitter the second I
know I promised but right now I don't
know and I'm stressed about it maybe I
want snow if you could would you ever go
back to school well I can and I choose
not to um I don't know I might if I'd
like one day it's like for somebody
think YouTube this is metaphorical don't
freak out if YouTube like just shut down
and I was like well I don't know what to
do now and I decided that I had a new
passion I might go back to school for it
I mean I always thought it'd be fun to
like I don't know I'm suck at cooking
I'd love to taste I'd love to go to some
cooking schools or whatever and stuff um
I don't know if did I did it already I
got a bachelor's degree I'm I'm done
but I guess it's like I needed to I
think I totally could I think family
back now I rock it better than I ever
did before I thought about that a lot
now that I'm older like my I figured out
how I learned better and I figured out
how I figured out my life and so I feel
like I could do so much better at school
now that I figured everything out that
sucks and I don't know I feel like
schools supposed to help you figure it
out but I didn't figure out things until
after I left school and then I went oh I
would have done a lot better if I had
done this this and this so if I did have
to go back to school I'm better at it
but I have no plans to go back uh so I
have a little zit on my nose do you see
it I'm like Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer up but this business my
teachers keep staring at me and I'm
scared help right now they're staring at
you right it's Saturday why do you have
teachers staring at you what are you
doing stop that what did you want to do
before you were a youtuber I wanted to
be a police officer I applied for the
LAPD and uh they said no you're too
young so try again in a year and then I
became I started doing YouTube and then
a year later once a year is that why I
was like I really like this YouTube
thing you guys didn't want me could have
had me peace out
but that's what happened with me
someone just have mad at me
joyful Jules you ain't being joyful
right now you are screaming at me
you said you'd be the Riverside show
Henny what are you doing okay and then
you screenshot of this I will probably
go to the Riverside show considering
it's only like an hour away from me I'll
go over the Riverside show everybody
convert its my teachers stole my pen and
I asked for it back and she's been
pissed at me ever since new teacher has
some issues man
yeah we got Saturdays at Rachel's
training I remember the first time I
ever trended I was beyond like I
couldn't comprehend life I didn't know
what's going on I was so excited I think
it was Thanksgiving four years ago I
don't remember I don't mean the date I
remember where I was I remember it's
Thanksgiving but I don't remember if it
was three or four years ago he was four
years ago I was excited what was it five
years ago who knows it was my senior
year college yeah it's my senior year of
college which would just 2012 so as four
years ago why are some of your teachers
of school are it's Saturday why are you
doing school right now Katie says come
to Hawaii with Colleen I am what's going
on hi I know and I'm gonna find I know
why she's got a why but do you know when
she's going to Hawaii I don't know she's
already announced this it remind me my
throat feels dry then just rig an entire
bottle of water which is very unlike me
because my throat feels really dry I
don't know
- I wants to know who texted me my
friend Brittany I'm hanging out with her
later tonight
does she wanted to know if we're doing
drinks or drinks at dinner and I will
respond to her after I'm done hanging
out with you guys one friend at a time
you are all one friends so says I am
definitely blocked but watch you that's
me I stop blocking people I mute you
know em you people leave I did block one
person the other day I tweeted no let's
be real the only reason we vote is to
get the sticker complete joke y'all
thought it was hilarious because I am
hilarious and obviously all day I've
been like snapchat like time to vote
though Instagram go vote and I like
tweeted like Election Day it's time to
vote and then I booked I tweeted that
sticker thing and this mom blew up at me
she was like ah you you are a role model
you are children's idols you need to
teach them that voting is important not
just because I'm a sticker
wow you crazy lady I like Turner channel
and she's she was like vlogger must
lights just fell off the ceiling but her
Twitter was like blogger mom's come join
their family and I was just like what
are you doing picking fights with people
you don't even know me you clearly don't
know because you didn't look at any of
my other social medias where I'm telling
people to vote and voting is important I
did an entire video about the election
and I blocked her I was like I don't
need this I don't need someone screaming
at me yeah Merry Christmas
says moms will understand internet they
don't my mom knows it pretty well just
the last questions I'm actually gonna do
a video that's kind of related to that
in a couple weeks I'm very excited but
I'm thinking about like okay what foods
are you looking forward to eating this
Thanksgiving Rachael Hester wants to
know my favorite foods this
what you do to play my plate don't talk
to me specially my meeting don't talk to
me my place is going to have a mound of
mashed potatoes in the middle depending
on what the gravy status is it was good
gravy I'll add some of that if it's bad
gravy or just mediocre Gravina nice
potatoes a fine on the mill their own
but you do have some legit gravy outside
and then I'm gonna put a bunch of corn
that's off the cob mixed in with that
mashed potatoes and then I'm gonna have
some stuffing on top of that mound and
then I'm gonna have four deviled eggs
around that mound and then I'll have a
little bit of Turkey just a tiny bit I
don't want a bunch of Turkey cuz I
rather fill up on the sides than the
turkey and then I had some turkey in
that now if I'm at just I'm not gonna
just use my chest always makes make sure
that there's good cranberry sauce there
I won't need any other cranberry sauce
with the kind that Jessica feeds me but
I think she's gonna be there so that's
gonna be my plate mmm yeah mashed
potatoes corn off the cob stuffing from
a box is my preference deviled eggs
and a little bit of Turkey that's my
plate and I'll like we're gonna salad
there I'll put like three least three
pieces of lettuce on my plate and act
like I'm is healthy but we all know
Stefan oh it's gonna be yes yeah
Stephanie will feed me a biscuit
Stephanie's hosting there's gonna be a
biscuit for sure someone just sent me a
picture of Cory with his face upside
down I don't like that abort all
missions salute y'all laughing never you
couldn't block to mom what listen if she
gotta get all but my business about a
joke woman needs to calm down and no
more place like y'all can have your
opinions and everyone can be happy but
if you just straight up attacking me for
that no it was joke clearly
now I was freaking out that I muted them
eggnog Alicia I have not me Oded you I
really like once every few months I go
through like to meet my list of blocked
and muted and I usually like unmute
everyone after a while but there are
some times when you guys just need to
hush your face I don't do it that often
it's very very rare would you have a
birthday every day if you could but
never age
no because birthdays are special because
they're only once a year think if I had
a birthday every day it wouldn't be
special anymore no one would give me
presents every day I just want a
birthday once a year and then it's the
best day ever
okay everyone listen you're not muted
Olivia you're not muted so calm down
everybody
I also send me a picture of them next to
my sister's build work you know I
haven't seen her billboard when she went
to go see her billboard that day I had
no idea that was happening and then like
I look at the internet I want to see
your billboard can you do this sign for
us there you go I love you do do
did someone W redo this sweater do you
guys remember it's like on the first I
think it's in the first Christmas the
first pissed off video I did about
Christmas haters I'm wearing a sweater
that I made it says it's time to
celebrate Christmas now I hope you guys
know this song if you don't I'm a little
upset with you but it's okay
I will teach it to you now my
sister-in-law Jessica hilarious she
would be a billion years ago not really
because it she'd be like a dinosaur um
but really long time ago you
guys don't know what a Nokia phone is
but a Nokia phone they're just like a
little brick phone or a little flip
phone whatever not a touchscreen
there's no touchscreen in these days but
her phone the ringtones for it because
you couldn't have like a Justin Bieber
song a dream phone ringtone it had to be
like whatever like the 20 songs I had
programmed in your phone was but anyway
one of her songs was called Christmas
and when you played it it was no
Christmas song you had ever heard before
in your entire life and I was like dizzy
and some Jessica being hilarious made-up
words to it and it goes like this
because it's cuz that's Christmas it's
Christmas it's Christmas Christmas and
it's time to celebrate Christmas but
that became like our Christmas theme
song and our family because we thought
it was so funny there's also a happy
birthday one that me and one of my best
friends from college I always sing to
each other and each other's birthdays um
but yeah that's Christmas song is my
favorite thing ever
it's because most Christmas it's cuz
most Christmas it's Christmas Christmas
and it's time to celebrate Christmas so
good and we have not been able to find
that ringtone ever since then I don't
think there's a nokia phone I think it
was some other kind of fun but it was
like when this brick one is through like
just really old from the late 90s early
2000s um but yeah God we have Mabel
define that ringtone but love it so much
that song is my life but anyway yeah my
sweatshirt in the pictures just mu said
it's time to celebrate Christmas she
asked me if I'm gonna redo the sweater I
might shoot just bring in the back bring
it all back
Oh
are you shook for Christmas hey cous Lou
do you know the Arkansas you didn't do
with Celine know for those of you who
don't know you might be knew you weren't
here last year every year clean and I do
an awkward Christmas song together where
we play what we think is the worst
Christmas song or the most awkward
crystal sign up the worst the most
awkward or just something it can be
funny and we awkwardly dance to it we've
done Christmas shoes don't they ask us
Santa Claus uh there's so much I don't
think we found like four or five we
didn't little glozell weird off the red
nose right here cuz it's really racist
that's all so anyway so this we've just
we've done a lot and we don't know what
we're gonna do this year we've thought
about it we couldn't figure it out the
last year did we do a combination of
like three songs cuz there's like no
there's no so many Christmas songs in
the world the new ones that are coming
out are cooler and not as lame so it's
hard to figure out songs like we're
running out of bad ones okay Madeline
asked if I can do the mannequin
challenge one day listen listen you
Mason no idea what I'm about to say is
that having talked about it yes okay one
I did a vocal in a chapter in a vlog or
something I feel like I'm yeah whatever
I have done it but does no one remember
when flashmobs used to do this anybody
this isn't an old challenge this isn't
no five sponges do this all the time do
you have really good videos of people
like in college quads it was like 1203
went ahead everyone throws and like
they'd be in the middle of throwing a
frisbee and like riding a bike everyone
just froze no one remember this this is
no challenge this has happened it's just
they just changed the name and
everyone's like no challenge of sweep
for the nation no it's not me so you'd
be the nation what is this six flash
mobs used to do this they'd literally
just change the name of it I don't know
why if so much aggression towards it I
think it's because
we were hanging out with uh Francesca
Derek I was hanging with Francesca Erica
kool-aid and Eric's like you they see
the mannequin challenge right now and I
think he he made us feel like oh you're
so out of the loop
ah ha are you internet people shouldn't
you know and I think I got like offended
and then because it once I realized what
it was I was like that's a thing that's
already a things they know this is the
mannequin challenge I'm like no that's a
flashmob
but he's like no it's the mannequin I
think and I just he wasn't rude Eric is
the nicest human ever obsessed with he's
very amazing but I think I I had this
internal weird struggle thing where I
just like I felt stupid for a second and
then I get angry because I already knew
what that was it's just a different name
so anyway that's the whole thing
mannequin challenge it's a thing can you
do juju on that beat I already did it
son Christopher is musically musically
music Callie you should do the Andy's
coming challenge is that the same thing
because that sounds like the exact same
thing if it's from fine my brain made
the connections Toy Story where all the
toys have the fries that's the same
thing also freeze tag I'll just play
that as a kid done it how do you feel
about Christopher and Jessica having a
boy oh they make you kids I don't care
about the gender they make awesome kids
yeah people like I definitely remember
that yeah
flash mobs made the mannequin challenge
you just change the name of it this
society world damage I don't I'm saying
let me be yeah so they didn't Penn
Station once yeah which favorite
Christmas movie else no it stopped
screaming I have head for the Senate
kick go lower
sorry you want to expect what's hitting
when you come on to one of my videos
what do you watch a live street when you
watch it you Nvidia's do you expect me
to talk at a normal tone of voice do you
expect me to whisper I hate whispering
by the way it makes me angry if you
whisper at me I won't hear a word to say
not because you're talking to something
because I was spending all of my energy
not to punch you in the face I hate
whispering anyway I I won't I won't
scream anymore this live screamer this
live stream right can I just say you you
of oh he's got nicely shaven armpits
darlin Thank You grace tada
I shaved it daily Oh something to scream
at me I can't someone asked me not to
scream anymore so blame that human you
can own any company what company would
your own you to duh come on in Australia
we have six week holidays over Christmas
Cody Jackson that is a long time but I
think I knew that you guys get like
longer breaks for someone like that my
boyfriend says he won't set up for
Christmas until December first
listen we all have to deal with that
there are going to be people in all of
our lives that say we can't decorate
until December 1st don't let them stop
you don't let them get you down
never
celebrated until December 1st guess who
has a Christmas room right now guess
who's sitting in a winter wonderland
this chick because I don't let anyone
I'm trying not to scream I don't let
anyone tell me when I am allowed to know
and not allowed to celebrate Christmas
all right I think what I want to do
because my Christmas spirit is bubbling
outside of me I'm not gonna contain it
just because a few people around me have
decided because they think that they
rule the Christmas world that they that
they decide when I get to celebrate
Christmas where's the rule book there's
none there is none there is no there is
no rule book that says when you're
allowed to celebrate Christmas all right
so I say celebrate it when you want to
celebrate you can start the Christmas
season in October in July for all I care
it doesn't affect anybody it doesn't
hurt anybody you're just making yourself
happy how is that bad now what go set up
your Christmas decorations if you feel
like it
that was really hard to do without
screaming oh hi Jenna I love you he told
me to say that you're so mean I was
demanding things from me
greedy do you do get to do to - are you
excited for vlogmas because I am yes I
started vlogging every day yet I will be
taking a break next week I will be
vlogging every day but I'm not gonna
post it until the end of the week
because of a brand deal thing um it's
weird I'll explain it all later but I
will be vlogging even a but I won't be
posting every day on my blog channel um
so you'll you'll get the dailies in one
video at the end of the week I'll
explain it later but and I think
Thanksgiving will be the start of actual
vlogmas I didn't want to say like I am
vlogging every day now but I knew I was
going to take this break so I didn't
want it to make it like huge deal that
blog unless a star
so I think I'll start on thanks skipping
for suresies but yeah all right now I'm
just walking everyday you guys noticed I
pride myself
I haven't skipped a day yet and that's I
think it's six days straight or seven
days straight
Wow look at me go youtuber professional
alert t says don't ignore me does it
look like I'm ignoring you right now
come on tell my mother I can celebrate
Christmas even though I'm Jewish please
no I'm not give in to that once I am not
telling your mama
I'm not giving the religion fight with
the mama nope sorry but you guys get to
celebrate Hanukkah right yeah I heard
that's fun I was always jealous of the
kids who had a parent that was Jewish
and an apparent that wasn't and so they
got to celebrate both Hanukkah and
Christmas like full-out
smells like so many presents like yeah
pretty much
jealous but you guys but you know I said
the Jewish community gets gypped on
decorations for sure you guys get one
tiny little like end of the aisle thing
for decorations I'm sorry
I I could fix that I would but I can't I
mean you could just make your own do
some crafts tell my mother you love her
I love you mom that's not my mom that's
this person's month i pre-ordered your
book what's the best thing to expect the
best thing to excite to say my drawings
like I am really proud of my drawings a
side of it I think this like I did fifty
notice like 15 drawings and I have to
say they're phenomenal
I should win awards for this they're
beautiful someone says come on Rachel
come through for what
timeout it's come through for what right
here you said you wanted to record a
good morning song for us do you remember
did I say that
good morning song I thought a funny idea
would be having an alarm clock when the
alarm goes off me scream at you to get
up in the morning but that is a lot of
effort to put it to work I'm trying to
come up with new merch for Christmas
like a Christmas holiday merch actually
put my dad on it gets
he's the funny little artist he just
couldn't else things but anyway I am
trying to work on that but I have no
idea I know
good morning song I don't think I said
that la you be trippin but this is the
Internet and you're probably gonna
screenshot or send me whatever it is
whenever I said that so once you do then
maybe how much do you hate vlogging in
public listen you asked me this because
it's a good question
Nick forward slash forward slash pinned
I'm fine
vlogging public if I have other people
that are my people around me cuz if I'm
just by myself walking around talking to
a camera
ya get weird looks it's even though it's
normal to us cuz this is like our lives
we're like cameras and videos and things
to the rest of the world they have no
idea what's going on um so yeah if I'm
around other people I'm fine with it but
it's just to me or just me and Matt who
runs away when the camera gets turned on
it's so awkward and I I feel like I'm
contained and I don't like it when I
make videos and vlog I wanna be as free
as a bird
so yeah yeah but when I'm around people
I'd really don't care but when it's it's
a struggle and I need to get over
because I'm vlogging every day and it's
my own personal struggle I need to get
over oh come Saturn you for your
birthday I have a very low excitement
thing right now for my birthday because
it heats in April it's just like six
months away so I'm fine with it
no I want Christmas merch with Tim
Ballinger space on it please oh my god
you just gave me the best merch idea
ever let me wait that's t-shirt idea
ever
first I need to draw it out before I
forget one minute I'm gonna just write
it down that's faster this is me
whenever I come up with an idea okay
yeah there's like six words yeah I'm one
of those people that a second I remember
second I come up with an idea I have to
write it down somewhere or I will forget
in a matter of 15 seconds my brain is
not the best with that when are you
gonna release a phone case oh I guess
people do have those I guess I could put
that up if you what what would you guys
want on the phone case come up with my
with my merch ideas for me thank you
it's going to be a month yeah I gotta
get her present
shoes what do you get the girl who has
everything she wants she has a ukulele
and the kitty she's fine I asked him to
get Coria present I didn't get him one
that he was awake on this bird thing so
I just sent me a picture of a calendar
I'm so confused
Oh tired I'm probably gonna head out
soon away from this log stream live
stream boards they don't happen very
well out of my mouth but yeah why is he
butter butter butter gonna Oh someone
has a puppy or they met the puppy anyway
I think I'm gonna head
said the good morning song goes rise and
shine give God to go rise shine give God
the glory glory rise shine give God the
glory glory rise and shine then give God
the glory glory children that time
someone sing that's the song I said I've
record for you guys
ah my friend who sings the it's time
celery Christmas song and behind
birthday song with me Elsa sings that
song with me she and I have so little
songs each other
mmm that's a good that's a good song
that's a fun song literally in college
she heard our roommates Christmas we'd
sing that it's time to celebrate
Christmas or birthdays who sing I
haven't Bertha sign of each other and
then one of us was having a really bad
morning the other one was just brought
into the room ago Oh rise shine give God
the glory glow and we had this whole
dance for each other we were the best
roommates ever I'm obsessed with her um
yeah
she I would make any morning a million
times better just saying
I'm literally screaming Rachel did you
mute me no everyone stop it didn't you
know I don't really mean people if
they're me person they're not muted all
right can you do another computer
phantom hug I love you
all right ready everyone's had your
computer and three two one yeah we hung
I gave the computer a little backpack
did you do that - just me alright
alright with that I think I'm gonna head
out I love you guys I was I'm assuming
about 45 minutes shoo we hung out for a
while we're best friends I love you guys
okay seriously I'm gonna go one last
look
yeah nice - nice what someone says
hi pronounced from Janice did I
chip Denise I don't know how I
pronounced with Jay nice Joe nice that's
how you Browns her name did ice forgive
me all right
I'm gonna head out now that I've
butchered someone's name because it's
not our live stream until I butcher
someone's name right Oh someone just
said are you getting to see Rachel
whittling soon Rachel whittling is
another one I've ever made some college
my best friend and she was someone that
helped me like start my channel like way
back in the day her and I when I was
first starting to make videos she would
film like all my videos with me million
years that was a four four and five
years ago isn't like that um what's like
five
I don't know so while ago like five
years ago anyway I'm supposed to see her
at the end of the month I'm very excited
for it that's if she doesn't like fly
off to Taiwan or some Iceland or
something but first do you crazy she's
all over the place okay
someone says dab and boom I love you
guys and I will see you later okay cool
thanks for hanging out with me all right
we'll post a vlog tomorrow and everyone
be happy and celebrate Christmas when
you what to celebrate it and don't tell
people when they are supposed to
celebrate it they will celebrate it when
they want to don't worry about other
people
