guys something morning so the amazing
just happened so when I moved into this
apartment complex they were like there's
no assigned spots and then I found out
there weren't assigned spots and then I
had to park there's like 50 levels of
parking and they were like because you
don't have an assigned spot because
we're all out you have to park on like
the lowest level said and it takes like
20 minutes to drive down there I'll
think what in the world I was very upset
about it
and I almost complained but then I
didn't know it's like let it go there's
nothing that I do anything I'm like all
right whatever I'll just spend an extra
10 minutes everyday driving aimlessly
but just now my my apartment manager
called me and they're like hey just so
you know a spot opened up number two
it's the closest one to the elevator on
the first floor do you want it yes guys
good things happen okay just if you
thought no good things ever happen good
things happen I get the second best spot
in the parking lot and I didn't do
anything to deserve it so I'm very
excited about the whole thing okay now I
have to go edit at a Rachel's room okay
bye I just got off the phone with my
publishers and hopefully by the within
the next week we will know when the
pre-order link will be going up so for
the UK it's up in the US but I've been
really stressing about that and they
said we'll know within the week when the
UK will be able to preorder books and I
think Australia and Canada I don't know
if you guys can or can't it's very
confusing anyway so I did that now I'm
gonna go take a shower
goodbye so I'm out and about shopping
right now getting stuff for snowboarding
gloves
I left the battery of my vlog e at home
so I'm vlogging on my phone sorry for
this slightly less amazing quality but
hey iPhones are great anyway so yeah
we're out shopping right now I'm getting
gloves and I do have a jacket I have
pants helmet and goggles
I just need gloves a scarf before it
just when I'm hanging out on the
mountain and boots I'm gonna rent the
bindings and board when I'm up there cuz
I hate it then why would I buy it bored
but anyway so that's what we're doing
right now just getting a few things
because I'm out of town all next week so
I won't have any time to do this and I
come back into town it's Thanksgiving
and then I go back out of town to
snowboard and
I go to Vegas and then I come back into
town for a second and then I go
hopefully back out to snowboard again if
I like it and then I go up north for a
bit and then I come back and it's
Christmas that's my life um so now that
you know my schedule you're all my
secretary thank you very much
but anyway that's what we're doing right
now and we'll continue to do that and
then it's lunch after this I should
totally get these overalls are in
eating healthy is so bland let's just
drop my phone I'm home so I got the
battery finally in my camera that salad
wasn't bland I said to eating healthy
was bland that's how it was actually
pretty delicious I will be starving in
an hour but it was good right now we're
gonna go see one get Matt's car to work
because it's dead and then I have to
film that's basically my day skin is
weird I don't like that feeling okay so
we had to take Matt's battery to
Autozone to see if it was a bad battery
or not like why you have to leave it
here because they would charge it for
like an hour okay so we left it there
and it's been two hours and I haven't
called us so I'm just heading over there
I went to Target because I might target
bags I always show you my bags but I got
more Christmas stuff and they still
haven't called so I'm just going over
there and hopefully they have it I'm
driving against and putting the camera
down good bye alright got a new battery
it was a bad battery so man I've been
trying to jumpstart his car for months
like we did that jumpstart video
together and the car didn't jump start
we just acted like a dish anyway battery
and so I'm gonna head home hopefully
this works cuz we actually want to get
rid of his car because we're planning on
getting a truck and so this Mazda will
be the second car and we both love
trucks to death I've always wanted one
but I'm at a point in my life where I
can get a truck so I really won't learn
I'm gonna have a house soon so I want to
have a truck so I can do like
home-improvement stuff and have a dog
and things I'm just a little human with
that wants things I'm light so we're
trying to get rid of his car but it
wouldn't start so we couldn't get rid of
it so now we can finally get rid of it
because the car starts now
well we don't know which replace the
battery first okay home look at what I
did
okay don't mind it that's a different
color look at what
come on focus I'm doing a moment uh-huh
and I'm trying to like do these things I
painted on the woods and I'm gonna hang
them up but that doesn't look good so
just ignore that one yeah and I also
just uploaded a blog it was like 10:00
at night I was like oh wait I forgot to
upload today's vlog so I did that really
quickly it's cuz it's Thursday and I
uploaded a Rachel's room today right
today Thursday no idea what's going on
yeah today's Thursday sorry I'm out of
it I'm tired I'm gonna get back to you
once I get my brain in order I literally
fell asleep
ten minutes after that and it was 11:00
at night I haven't fought if there's
something on my lens hold on somebody
Linds it's my viewfinder anyway
seriously was so tired I was completely
sober
there are new things I was like drugged
or something or had alcohol I was
completely sober it was 11:00 at night I
have not fallen asleep before 1:00 a.m.
in years I walked into the bedroom to
take out my contacts or do something
when I did brush my teeth there's like I
don't remember and Matt and I do this
thing where when we walk past each other
in the bedroom we try and tackle each
other on the bed not a sexual way
doesn't full-on just like tackle each
other because we're really weird anyway
so I came out of the bathroom when I was
in the bedroom and he came in and he
tackled me on the bed we start talking
for like 10 minutes we just kind of laid
there and he got up to come back into
the office to do some stuff on the
computer and then I literally just fell
asleep
I didn't mean to it was not that time I
had no intentions while falling asleep
I literally just fell asleep I was
exhausted and I don't know why so yeah
that was my day oh editing this vlog I
was bored I haven't vlogged in a I
haven't done daily vlogging in a long
time
so I forgot that I have to make them
entertaining so I will be trying from
now on to make my blog's more
entertaining if hey if you didn't think
it was boring thanks thanks a lot but I
was bored don't say yeah it was boring
Rachel just let it lie yeah so I promise
to make my blogs a little more
entertaining from now on I'm just trying
to get into this whole blog groove thing
again it's been a while okay but that's
it for today I will talk to you guys
tomorrow it is tomorrow for me already
it's just today you
yeah for do you I can this vlogging
thing throws me up I love you guys and
I'll see you later
okay peace out
