hi beautiful people
it's Wednesday today's Corey's birthday
happy birthday Cory I know you're busy
on tour so you probably have to watch
this but I said it so today I have
videos to film and I'm decorating for
Christmas I have those things because
well I'm gonna decorate thin film
because I want the backgrounds of my
videos to be Christmassy fine I want my
room to be Christmas yeah I even bought
freaking Christmas tree and in this room
I'm going a rustic white Christmas
anyway so that's today and let's start
shall we well actually at them edit the
blog from yesterday so I'm gonna do that
and then we'll decorate for Christmas so
the next shot will be Christmas
decorating
okay I'm having a little bit of a
dilemma so I have this Christmas tree
and this thing of lights and those two
lights match each other like the dim of
it and I got these lights to hang up
around my room but as you can see they
kind of clash so I think I have to go
back to Target and get a different kind
of lights these are like bright twinkle
lights I think I need a deeper one cuz
I'm going for like a rustic white
Christmas have you guys ever seen inside
that closet
it's a ridiculous mess hold on this is
my supply closet this is all my filming
stuff this is like craft stuff for
filming this it's a mess you guys not
seen in this closet before anyway so I
think I'm not gonna hang up these lights
because I don't think they go the theme
I hung up these ones and I was like oh
that doesn't look good cuz they're like
a bluish and I'm going for more a deep
yellow feel cuz I'm gonna have to go to
Target oh wow hey y'all ready oh but I
need makeup on you know what that means
I'm gonna film some videos I wouldn't
got dinner with Matthew uh and then I
went on the internet for a while read
tweets and comments just had a grand ol
time he's reading what you guys talk
about when you don't think I'm looking
but anyway I'm about to film some videos
so I thought I'd say hello with a full
face of makeup on this is my true self
so yeah I've been think I'm gonna go to
Target tomorrow to get the last of the
Christmas stuff I ordered pillows from
my couch cuz duh but they don't get here
until the 16th freaking Amazon Prime you
click today shipping they're like yeah
today shipping totally it's gonna happen
alright you'll get it in three weeks I'm
like freaking come on why am i paying
was it like 10 bucks a month
so cheap you know it's also cheap
Netflix go watch my sister's show
alright I just shot two videos thus the
outfit change but I have videos filmed
until the 15th once today the ninth
there's so many more videos I need to
film
but yeah I'm gonna clean this up and
then Matt says he hasn't his show he
wants to try and watch it's about
pirates apparently I'll let you know how
it is we didn't like the pirate show it
wasn't good once again an outfit change
but this one is because these are my
pajamas but yeah we watched a pirate as
black market black sails something like
that I don't think it was that good more
disappointing because we wanted it to be
good but yeah um I don't know how much
is in this vlog I don't know if I should
keep blogging or this is enough for a
blog I didn't do much today oh you know
sometimes with a fake burp do you get an
actual burp out that was my moment
anyway I think I'm gonna shut this vlog
down I actually should take off my
fingernail polish because it's failing
me miserably this is why I never wear
nail polish because I don't take it off
ever so it just is gross on my hands for
a really long time
Oh bunny rabbit it doesn't bug will
close this vlog I'm gonna end this vlog
and close it out and that's what I meant
to say so peace out little Scouts I love
you and I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching sorry it's like a short pretty
shirt shorts I didn't do much today okay
