all right its 9:15 a Tuesday morning and
I am about to head to Santa Barbara to
vote and then immediately heading back
to LA because I have a collab at 3:00
let's go change America the land of the
free democracy I'm so tired
okay but first I had to stop and get gas
I made it I'm in Santa Barbara I got
here ten minutes earlier than I wanted
to which is fantastic
and now I'm gonna go about doing it oh
thank you dash cam Thank You dash cam I
bought it I did it I even got the
sticker I bought it
now I'm gonna stop by my parent's house
no one's there I just really have to pee
I stopped at my parents house I'm gonna
go hug my dad at his work and then I
have to head back to LA okay I hugged
the father I hug Stephanie cuz she works
with my dad so she came out hugged me
too and now I'm just heading back to LA
the quickest trip to Santa Barbara I
think I have ever taken and it's
gorgeous here right now and I just want
to go hang out in my parents backyard
and play with the dogs but I have things
to do videos to film and edit and work
and blah blah blah I'm on it priorities
push all priorities in order
all right I'm leaving now bye hi I'm no
longer in Santa Barbara I'm at Ricky's
apartment Ricky Dylan's apartment he's
got me see his dog I'm about to leave
but I demanded to see the dog but yes no
I'm such a big fan I follow you on
Instagram it's so cute
god I'm so jealous of you oh also say hi
to Rico Oh guys hi okay he gets too
hyper people come over how are you
Oliver calm down oh oh thank you all
right you in relax
oh you listen alright okay I'm leaving
now bye
Hey so it's the next morning I didn't
vlog last night I was watching the
election and then I wasn't satisfied
with the results so I was a little down
I was so down that I had all these
Christmas decorations and I was gonna do
a vlog of me decorating my office for
Christmas and I just didn't want to
decorate for Christmas so I just decided
to zone out and eat food watch TV but
anyway so yeah Trump will be our
president
starting in January we don't know what's
gonna happen our government is set up in
a way which the president doesn't
actually have a lot of power
yeah he's the face of our country but he
doesn't have all the power we all think
he has I mean our government is set up
in a way in which you can't have a
dictatorship and so he can't become the
next Hitler as people are saying so we
are protected by our different branches
of government which is a good thing
anyone recalls Trump was originally
running as a Democrat and then he
realized he couldn't beat Bernie and
Hillary so he switched to Republican we
don't know what his true views are we
don't know if he's actually gonna do
anything we don't know until something
happens so for now I'm taking it one day
at a time
I promise to always fight for the LGBTQ
community I promise to always fight for
women's rights I will always fight for
anyone any different race any different
skin color any different ethnicity if
you're from a different place I'll
always fight for you and I feel like the
world will too I truly do not believe
that every Trump supporter is a bad
person I think that a lot of it had to
do with Obamacare
48% apparently said it was because they
want to build a wall and Mexico pay for
it that is actually impossible while it
is scary we don't know what's going to
happen so for now we take it one day at
a time and deal with one problem at a
time
and I promise to always fight I'm not
gonna flee to Canada flee to another
country like everyone's joking about I'm
going to stay and I'm gonna fight I'm an
American and that's what we do and in
four years we get to do this all over
again and figure out who we want and in
2028 I might run for president get that
for know I think everyone is just scared
of how much progress were made being
reversed and I think that every time
something has happened in any of the
communities in which is scared of Donald
Trump when anything happens those
communities they automatically get
stronger and big
and again we don't know what's gonna
happen at all Trump literally might get
into the White House and be like well
this is what I wanted to accomplish so
lunch anyone it's not to any one thing
we don't know and if there's a trump
supporter watching this you won there's
no need to scream at us you won these
are just our feelings you don't know
what's gonna happen either all those
policies and things he said he was going
to do and make yuge
he might not do them so you don't know
either that right now let's just
continue to love each other let's
continue to spread happiness let's
continue to be good people and if we
continue to be good people then it's
hard to imagine that the next Holocaust
or something's going to happen we just
have to continue to be good and I know
that one of the huge things is that even
a trunk doesn't do anything even if he
has no power he has paved the way and
given permission to people to beat
someone up for different beliefs or
scream yell and hit someone because
they're black or because they're gay or
because they're Muslim or Mexican he is
given permission to people to be bad to
someone else because of who they are
that is an issue and it that does scare
me but again those things are against
the law and you don't know what Trump's
gonna do now that he's in power he
doesn't have to make ridiculous speeches
and ridiculous promises so we don't know
what's gonna happen uh again I'm here
for everyone I love everybody and again
if there's a trump supporter I get that
you don't like this speech but this is
what our country is built on is two
different parties one party is going to
be sad every four years and one party is
going to be happy and now I'm a little
sad but we're gonna take it as it comes
all right next vlog I will be decorating
for Christmas but right now I'm gonna
close this out shower post this uh yeah
don't be scared I love you my clan loves
you my little posse loves you so you
know do you want something happy go
pre-order my book like I did self Pro
mother okay seriously though I love you
so much
and I'll see you tomorrow hey hey
