hey you create the kids so I think I'm
gonna start vlogging everyday starting
now I really think I'm going to oh I'm
just watching Georgia cephus blog yeah I
want to start blogging everyday so I
hope you guys don't mind I know I was
gonna said I said on Twitter that I was
gonna do it Thanksgiving to New Year's
Day but I think I'm just gonna start now
and stop after Christmas or New Year's
at some point just whenever I want I
just want I really I want to do it so
today what are we doing today today I am
preforming a bunch of stuff I'm gonna be
out of town like the last half of
November in the beginning of December
doing different things I've got like 12
different things I'm doing one of them
is Colleen's show in Vegas hey I'll be
at the Vegas show anyway so I need to
like pre film a bunch of videos this is
what youtubers do if you didn't know
when we have to go out of town we try
and pre film and pre edit and have it
just already was just loaded ready to
press go on YouTube so that when we're
on the road we don't worry about it as
much it really sucks her in a hotel room
and it's like 11:00 p.m. and you're like
oh my gosh I have to post a video
tomorrow oh dang it you're busy you're
doing things when you're on the road
it's difficult you're like there's no
lighting in this hotel room so you try
and pre film so I've got one week to
film about four weeks worth of videos
and I'm just pressing because I still
have my fall stuff up
I love how instead of doing any work I'm
just doing this right now anyway I have
a bunch of fall stuff up and it's
stressing me out because I'm like I
don't want to pre film four weeks of
videos in fall decorations because by
the time you'd like the last video goes
up is fully Christmas like everyone in
the world will agree it's to Christmas
time I want to film and I also want to
decorate and I'm just having a lot of
internal struggles right now the worst
part about pre filming is coming up with
all the ideas in like two days
woe is me I know first of all problems
anyway so I think I'm gonna go Target
and get some Christmas decorations so
that the back of my videos look
Christmassy and then also get stuff for
videos so it's like two birds one stone
right I'm so I should probably put up a
vlog today and then tonight I'm going to
Heather Heather O'Neil and you know
we're at the blonde she has a Beverly
bombshell show tonight she sings they
Trio they take modern music and turn it
into like do you guys know the Andrew
sisters that type of music click it's
kind of like oldies anyway it's the
thing I'm doing that tonight a lot of
people are going that I know and love so
yeah also The Tonight Show clean is on
now I'll see y'all on the flip side
hi-ho hi-ho it's off the target we go I
just forgot excuse me - can I'm speaking
I just realized that I forgot a bag in
LA you have to pay for bags it's ten
cents a bag like if you buy something
and you know you bag it you've to pay
ten cents for that bag and lets you
bring your own I just realized I forget
to bring my own and I'm angry about it
but I'm gonna go shopping for video
things and for Christmas decorations I
got stuff for my video I'm cutting stuff
in half cutting stuff open what feel
like everyone done everything cool
because I feel like there's a little
very limited number of things you can
cut open and it'd be cool I'm just gonna
do it I just want to cut stuff open I
got to buy myself a new exacto knife and
I get to use my saw real reason I'm
doing a video okay but I'm gonna film
now bye
this is Colleen and John acting out what
it's like to have super really long
nails like this
okay Heather show was a lot of fun they
were so good it was funny and it was
cute and I really liked it I hope you
guys liked the few songs I showed you or
parts of them yeah it was super freakin
cute I liked when they didn't announce
what song it was and then I had to
figure it out before the chorus it was
challenging and I really liked it but
yeah anyway that's it they were amazing
they're called the Beverly bombshells
you can check them out I think they have
an Instagram atwitter and I think they
have a YouTube page but they don't do
much on it
where's they Sean biggle are good but
yeah anyway that's it I love you guys
and that's it for tonight tomorrow I
have to wake up and drive to Santa
Barbara to vote because I'm registered
in Santa Barbara and I have a collab at
3:00 in LA so there's gonna be a lot of
driving my eyes are bloodshot this is
what happens when you wear contacts for
like 14 hours straight
everyone always thinks I'm high I'm not
I just have contacts it alright I love
you guys and I'll see you later hey
