Oh Merry Christmas
wait hold on
okay hi
it's late there's almost midnight that's
how I was like Cherie at midnight I'm
seven minutes early people are gonna get
very mad at me for that I'm sorry but I
was bored of Matt said it's not a
Saturdays at Rachel's unless you start
on Saturday
have you started midnight is gonna be
technically Sunday so I have to start
early
it's about its fault blame him Oh 185
people why wait for this blog Twitter
oh it's 9 a.m. in Denmark glad I'm glad
you're awake no people are here go write
hashtag er no let's not do a half start
I need to stop eating nuts I'm from
there girls I won't speak because I'll
be busy eating maybe I should get us
some water
not too much they also have the Peter
Elias dream now I just started work well
Natasha that sucks
okay sleep is for the weak
exactly I got seven hours last night and
it was wonderful but before that I was
getting five or six every day I can
handle no sleep you can have no sleep
hello or do your hashtag no snowy Sarah
when Christmas is over you'll change
your names everyone's got like how ho
how Laurie Hillary maybe that works I
don't know if your name is Hillary
please change it to hoo-ha Larry it's
for payment purse good day from Down
Under
first I've been there it's very far away
oh good there's a lot of people that
aren't from 8 there are certainly
different countries that get to watch
because they're actually awake right now
welcome to a live live stream they're
not entertaining I thought I'd have
blaze with me today but he's asleep in
the living room and has no desire to
wake up and come here I tried to get him
to wake up and he just looked at me like
I was a crazy person so maybe if I
scream loud enough and have the most fun
he'll get intrigued you want to come in
but you wouldn't be able to see him
because the futon is behind all of this
packing up my office in the middle of
packing in the office I've emptied out
the closet except that's available and
she'd out my shelves over here except
for those things we'll look at them
that's about it we finished announcement
of the day we finished laying the floor
and my master bedroom today max parents
actually came to town today they were in
town for a little bit and his dad is the
one who talked about how to lay floors
and so he was there I want to do it so
he came in he he worked 20 times faster
than Matt and I combined and basically
just finished I do this how did that see
son he's like I know he needs to fix it
kind of man um so we got a lot done in
the house stain which is also I couldn't
live stream earlier
busy entertaining and being perfect OOP
I have a good floor oh I love a good
floor I used to have a good floor it
looks like good I'm glad
what did you do today well I woke up in
San Jose at about 8:30 a.m. and then I
got on a plane and came here and then
went to my house to check on the workers
and then I came back here and met up
with Matt's family and then we went to
the house and they went to dinner then
went back to the house in the mountain
here that's my day I also went on a walk
with blaze its 255 am here why did I
watch a mr. Butler's live stream I don't
know honey
although I anyone's here I thought I was
gonna tweet hey I'm gonna do a live show
at midnight never was like fine know I
got a lot caprylic we're gonna stay up
and have a party hope you pre-parties
more fun than the actual party is this
ain't gonna be that fun of a body you
acuteness Santa hat Thanks one hat what
happened was this morning I didn't want
to wash my hair my hair looks really
gross over his hat a hat last a panic
okay in here
I was wearing a Santa hat last night and
so I was like hey I'm sort of Santa
handle dating day it's Christmas I can
do I want I didn't have a hat or beanie
with me because I was in Santa Cruz Jose
face so I pop one of these on and I've
been getting compliments all day
tell me when your life if you got this
notification during their live stream
what my phone's gonna die well charge it
I see people trying to do like they have
a little Skype sessions waiting for me
to do this and you all look Thai yard
and not happy to do this y'all can go to
sleep you can do that it's okay you
don't have to stay awake for me I just
thought I would do this just because I'm
trying to keep my word I'm sorry that my
blogs have been like every other day
actually noticed I can't reach that far
away what color should I paint my nails
what you have do lavender do you have a
nice aqua maybe a flat gray those are
colors I said excited for Christmas yes
I did a little Christmas shopping last
night I finally started my Christmas
shopping and I have three stores I have
to go through on Monday to one Monday
and then I will be halfway done with by
Christmas once I do that I have Bailey
Jacob Parker and half of Trent completed
I know what I'm getting Christopher
Colleen and Jessica and then my parents
easy you just go into a store I don't
know how to I know how to shop for them
and Matt and I are not exchanging
presents this year we've decided no
presents we don't need the extra stress
that's up to each other I gotta get
blaze something I just got tech help
that's easy you won't know who else I
have my cousins
I gotta figure out my cousins I has so
much family don't wait to get something
for Gus and Daisy I should get something
for custom dates my family keeps growing
I'm not getting anything for Duncan
I'm the worst aunt the world his first
Christmas and I'm not gonna get anything
I guess I should get him something I'll
do something at Target it is his first
Christmas because he's not gonna know
it's not for him he's like I remember
when I could give him a pencil and I'm
sure
pencil you like yes that might be a
little pokey what could I give him what
can I hand him that he will not dice
camera roll duct tape can't go wrong
with world duct tape
he likes to grab things he's the baby
and that's all he does is he grabs
things and then shakes them in his face
babies there chanting I met you in that
jacket you're wearing in January he he
did you where was I
where did you meet me it wasn't in Tahoe
do meet in Truckee
when I wonder what I wore this jacket
and you met me I don't even remember I
am so happy at that house me too also
this one time for Christmas is because
then I'll know that in my house because
I believe I'll be in my new house by
Christmas and so I know that there will
be no back and forth I'm just there I'm
there and it's done the house will be
done but I mean the back and forth will
be done have you seen flash or arrow I
have yes I used to watch arrow I used to
really like it and then it went bad and
the reason it went bad is because it
started incorporating the flash into it
and I tried to watch the flash and my
whole soul just crumbled and did not
like it I understand there's a lot of
people that love it but I personally
cannot handle it so I am NOT a flash fan
and I know people getting mad at me our
last of you or when I said it aside
happens oh I came three there we go
I never look at that except at the
beginning just to make sure there it's
going and working but yeah so likes the
arrow no I don't like it never liked the
flash where's blaze is he better behaved
if you have food he is better behaved if
you don't have food he still does
whatever he wants
no he's better he's more mellow um he's
good he's in the living area sleeping he
didn't want to come in here also there
was really no place to put him
um he seems a little bit more mellow he
I don't think they fed him the right
amount of food he seems very he seems
like a good 5 pounds lighter and less
muscular and I don't quite know I think
maybe there was a mix-up or something
but we've been feeding him more and it
seemed to get him more energetic and
stuff but he knows he learned a lot more
but again we'll only do it if he has the
food clean why are you texting me oh
it's about Christmas about present for
someone and I can't say it because they
make them oh wait : ask me the name of
something I've tried to figure out yeah
that's it whoo I have such a good memory
I'm such a good memory yes I said
remember it's something that I learned
like a year ago oh no where'd my Twitter
go right exit Twitter I did queen of
memory thank you Alex
thank you and thank you for being here I
know it's late for you you might have
just gotten off a list that you were on
last livestream you leave me alone
I'm live-streaming so bye it's Sunday
now sister you tried are you trying to
get a list you try I'm not putting you
on this I'm gonna list it has no name
you don't even know about it you're all
this by yourself so there it's lonely
you don't belong in the life on that
list have a booger
the iovers Krusty's my nose this chapter
good easy good sometimes you can only
see it from a certain angle like you got
tricked the camera not working okay
how'd you keep your house secret for so
long I don't know I don't know I it was
hard but I guess everything I put on the
internet I net it first so I can if I
slip up I while filming something I can
edit it later it was hard I just I was
wanting it so bad for it to be finished
before I told you guys but then I
realized like trying to hide in vlogs
was just killing me cuz that was those
were my days so I was like I'm just
doing it I'm doing it since of Sunday's
turn it into a learning Sunday what do
you guys want to learn I'll teach you
something right now I've got nothing to
teach you one of the reasons I stop
learning Sunday I'm out I'm out of
things to teach you I can teach you
about sauce or anything with woodworking
I can tell you what you should probably
know before you graduate high school but
no one's gonna teach you I can teach you
the quadratic formula which you will
never use in your life unless you become
a math teacher or maybe an engineer of
some sort I don't even know if you work
for NASA you'll need it I can't wait to
see your finished house same do you want
to come to Asia
yeah I'm town I'm friend who's travel of
automation she loves it she's like it's
the best she's oh really right now I'm
like okay but
hashtag burn hashtag no hashtag Mali X
is equal to negative B plus or minus
square root of something-something X is
equal to negative b plus or minus the
square root of b sir - all right C over
to a teacher success I did that and
people hated the video they got so mad
at me I was at Publix I said penis and
vagina how dare I
these are natural things that happened
on people's body and he either have one
of the other but you cannot say penis
vagina is inappropriate because you are
children and apparently children know
about pieces and vaginas even though
you've had one of it and you may have
another one when you grow up you may
switch it you should probably know about
these things anyway she's just the
meaning of Christmas for Rachel's
version I don't even know isn't about
giving isn't that one of this to be
happy and joyful and think of others
before yourself or others before you
bank accounts it's not what it is
putting on it before you I don't think
no I just do Christmas I don't think too
much about it I just do uh teach me
music theory I don't know anything I
know where the see no I don't have the
notes on the keyboard and I know there's
a theory behind it of course we're
calling she took music theory theory
mm-hmm
how to study for finals you just do it
you just freakin do it you open up the
book and you read it in your notes and
you make no cards you come up with a
plan that's what I did I put the plan I
was like okay I have this many days
until my final chord this many hours
until my file
what happens if happening I do it'll
lose it Oh Gus
and then you just decide what you're
gonna study in which our org or day and
then how are you gonna do it depends on
it what kind of learner you are do you
like
no cards do you like Thomas tone about
it do like make it a PowerPoint you just
have to write it out by hand you read it
do you have to highlight it what do you
do there's so many options you could do
it that's how you do it you know open up
the book that's how you do it I'm
getting jeans and a shirt for Christmas
that I picked out I wanted a puppy hey
that's cool you're giving a jeans and a
shirt for Christmas that's cool there's
like a whole new wardrobe or outfit it's
a whole outfit your wardrobe was one
outraged you should yeah you've added
your wardrobe you should be very
thankful for that
that outfit because that's the only
thing you're like party characters
that's fun people love cartoons teacher
about soccer I have the same knowledge
of soccer I had when I played as a child
bailiff don't touch the ball with your
hands unless you're the goalie or you're
throwing it in bounds I think both your
feet have to be touching the ground when
you throw it in bounds
there are goalies there's I don't
remember anything you have people that
there's you've got the goalie and you
got people that usually don't cross the
line in the middle like stay back to
like they're kind of the defensive
people and then you've got the people
who are all the way to the side of the
field and the goal is to get as many
points as you can get them goal by
getting the ball and the goal that the
other person starting soccer you run
around you got cleat to me if you touch
someone a team they feel like they're
broken and then what's the ref calls it
their walk away like you're fine I know
that you wear shin guards that's
it's a soccer but yeah you get open when
you when you're kicking the buzzer Ryan
it's called dribbling duh that's that's
that's soccer that's all I know about
sorry I try playing again cause I'm like
maybe I clicked for me it did necklace
no there's a lot of running soccer's a
lot of just running which is not my
sport that's why I played the goalie
park when I did play and the goalies
work gloves
how are you last room for IO Hans been
20 minutes - 18 17 minutes I'll probably
do like 30 to 45 I don't think i'ma
dutiful I almost hit in broadcasts it
almost happened to get oh my goodness oh
my goodness does everything don't wanna
put my arms down givers put yourself in
position you're like I don't like it out
of it and it's uncomfortable but for
some reason just like I'm frozen up
stuck happened just then just me she's
about baseball baseball longest game
you'll ever attempt just longest game on
planet it lasts forever you got the
people you got two teams the goal the
most points you get points by someone
what all the way around the bases and
then touching home plate again where
they started
how'd you get around these faces I'll
tell you you got a hit a ball away I
just realized how exhausted I am and my
brain and body are the shutting down it
is
Oh anyway that's baseball that's all you
need to know that's I changed my profile
pic yesterday dope for daddy okay Ellie
I got you I got you I guess I know your
face I can see you in this thing still
ah
remember that Jimmy Fallon has your face
one time he dead didn't you tell him I
actually shook hands with him and then
he held my face in picture for my face
how do you guys never get just like
shooting pains throughout your body that
aren't for anything they just saw like I
decided to be painful all the sudden oh
this feels really good just the socks
back well that's nice
please teach me what cleats are I'm so
confused
well rosy they think about please
there's different kinds of cleats for
different sports soccer and golf both
have cleats they're slightly different
but cleats are shoes which have little
spikes at the bottom basically so that
like football players when you place me
when you're on grass you wear cleats
during sports like it's a thing it's
because it gives you more grip in the
grass slash dirty so instead of like a
flat shoe with little roofs these are
the groups that happen in two shoes so
this well you can just slip or used to
slip cleats like this
oh I might get you grass and then you
don't slip so you can run faster your
when you leave so yeah you don't slip on
the grass as much when you run really
fast or you try to push someone in
football and then in golf I think they
were right dude you don't you are your
golf cleats
this is a thing so he's swearing pretty
feet don't slide around
that's a cleat
welcome I am teaching you guys so many
things that for some reason they're all
sports related you should do a DNA test
things for blades I thought about it but
I'm not spending the money on it cuz I
don't care that much cuz the Internet is
some of the realization and I've come to
the realization that place pretty much
definitely has some boxer in him now but
he's puppy he looks like just Pitt but
ice it seems though he's got a little
boxer in him I could do a DNA test
I you know if I had want to do it but
it's a it's not something I'm gonna go
out get do I'm gonna do it I'm I to go
out and get it because it doesn't change
anything
I'm good friend new one and she found
out for dogs for something completely
different than she thought did you do
wait there's dribbling a soccer I love
basketball and basketball dribbling is
when you run and you're bouncing the
ball at the same time because in
basketball you can't hold the ball and
run
that's called traveling unless you're
taking your last few steps to the basket
and I like thinking you're letting it up
but you can't run with this so running
with the ball is dribbling so in soccer
you run with the ball you're hitting
with your feet right in front of you
that's called tripling cuz you run when
you run with the ball dribbling that's
one of those sports make it all up in
your business can't you do them online
the DNA test you can't do the DNA they
have to swab the dogs like cheek so it's
like a test like a kit that comes to you
I have like a booger thing you can watch
me slightly pick my nose a little bit
I got it's like my nose is running so
I'm trying to stop the grass before it
comes out anyway the DNA test you they
send you a kid you like swab inside the
dogs cheek don't you
like put in a little container you ship
it off and then do science quadratic
formula and then like all your dog is
99% people 1% boxer and then you're like
good now I have the information in my
head right there the quadratic formula
do you like all her tremors are they a
dog then yes I know they were done just
that was weird hi I'm at the beach
coolly Lucy
why are you up cuz I have live stream
you borrow my up I had to I'm busy in
the day and I had a live stream so I did
it and now I've done it and I'm doing it
that's why you're you excited to come to
Bakersfield yes cuz you bacon heels nope
nope reverse reverse reverse yes I ran
it I was like the person Brandes we
didn't have a Christopher Robin or a Lee
the Leprechaun to do the show so I was
then I played that role and it's fun I
like doing it every once in a while I
don't like long tours I don't like being
away from very long but I joined a
little went off show some time a lot of
fun and San Jose sometimes do get in
Santa Barbara and our biggest field
queen of not caring that much who you
Alex yes
did you know Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Kimmel
are different people my whole life is
the actual lie yes considering their
last names are different Dasha I figured
out that they are different people but
that is they're both talk-show hosts
then they have a fan first name so I can
see how that is uh confusing
I actually watch I've watched a lot of
late-night my whole life because I've
always stayed up late and gotten up late
it's been since I was a wee little
talk'd I've always stayed up late so
well I've watched a lot of late shows
almost my mom
David Letterman that's my mom was
addicted to David David Letterman I
always that one was always on so I grew
up with that can you give me a cooler
name bajjali just jingle-jangle Jess
that's what it is jingle jangle Jess do
you have any cleans merch yeah I
actually have some original merch like
when she first started and had like a
thousand subscribers merch and then I
have the I have one from a few years ago
it's my favorite one it's purple and it
has two for Miranda faces on it and
they're like the different color hues
and whatnot I actually died where do I
want to battle this time it's actually
with my favorite ones
Oh important have you and Kelleen
started planning your awkward Christmas
dance video yet yes we've picked out the
song but we have no idea when we're
gonna film it because I only post two
more times before Christmas and I have
this much time to film a video between
now and any time I post and same with
Colleen
so what days where I might what's going
on what's today is this Saturday guys
what's happening is it's Saturday
it's Saturday is 16 everything could be
date I'm gonna sleep in I don't need
your sass what am I doing here I'm
looking at a calendar the latest I can
post this the 21st so I have some uh
four days to film it
I wonder if I could get this done I need
to get this done I need to put up a
problem we have the song choline and I
discussed it she figured that she knows
what song did this
she always figures out the song for me
she's a little more musically gifted and
then we filmed it together and I edited
as awkward as I possibly can but we have
no topic just need to do it I'm not
selling this song I'm not doing it
do you think you're good a new dog once
the house is finished what breed I will
get a new dog in once the house is
finished but not immediately and maybe
not within a year I think place has got
to be pretty freakin well trained before
I could get another one cuz I don't
think I could deal with a slightly
untrained dog and the new dog any-any
blaze to be completely set in in life
before I get another one yeah but I
don't breed whatever happens probably
not a pit because the shelter's here
filled with them and I like him dude my
entire timeline and people saying what
day it is guys I said it I don't need
your sass I've stated it and I'm getting
the sass to me it's still Saturday cuz I
haven't fallen asleep once I fastly
gonna wake up then it's Sunday it's not
Sunday until the football Sunday happens
you know what I meant because we
wouldn't complain if he posted three
videos a week Tasha I don't have time
for two videos you think I got time for
sorry
problem is the lack of times how did
another video would not help the lack of
time but you're right I could post it
like on a Christmas Eve
like after I because I'm hanging out
with Kali on Christmas I could do it oh
my gosh I wasn't a bad request I can't
pick a Christmassy name help me Tori
what what Christmas a Christmas story is
that a Christmas story
it's a Christmas story hey uh or gonna
have to it starts with the same freaking
letter of your first name I don't know
how you guys do this I don't know who
decides who who decided no names this is
me going down my timeline timeline let
me go daddy who decided that all your
names had to do like snowy cetera and
jingle jangle Jess who decided all these
things when did they decide one day I
feel like I just came on Twitter and
everyone's names had a Christmas thing
with their name and I was like ooh I
don't have anything I can do so I'm not
going to cuz I like Christmas story
instead of a Christmas story I think
that's pretty frickin clever if you
asked me what's a Christmas thing that
starts with a T tencel Tory anyone
complain about it do-do-do-do-do-do okay
stop Ashley we're at the red pointer
it's in the back of mercs but I left a
coolies lovers presence in the present
bag a colleague's just so you know
that's where it is
give your favorite you a Christmassy
name yeah do you even celebrate the
Christmas actually no a lot of Jewish
people don't celebrate both Hanukkah and
Christmas I'm like okay cool
but do you want a Chanukah date I have
to look em up because I don't know that
I regretfully don't know that much about
Hanukkah and that saddens me and even
today I'm sorry about how I know there's
other holidays that are happening in
crisis like Christmas around December
and I don't know any bad thing about
them and it makes me angry teach me
something about hop teachers about
Hanukkah I know you have the dreidel
dreidel dreidel dreidel I made you a
duck like dreidel dreidel dreidel
mistake actually the only thing I know
by anything about Hanukkah is because
clean once within a Hanukkah show play
in New York I don't even remember but I
wouldn't saw it and that's what I know
the dreidel song clearly I remember it
really well and then you have is it the
menorah what is it called fuzzy nope you
like candles every day with the new day
and big edit Lasell I please teach me
cuz I sound like an idiot but I just no
one's ever taught me
no one's ever taught me I need to be
taught some people just don't know
things never been taught have you ever
listened to the Kwanzaa song they're so
cool I have it the only reason I know
about Kwanzaa was because was it Disney
Disney had a cartoon TV show with the
black family and they had a Kwanzaa
episode and I went what is Kwanzaa and
someone told me it's what black people
celebrate I mean I just was like okay
and that is the literal only piece of
information I've never been given and I
haven't ever researched it anymore so I
know it's a holiday
and that is all ah so if anyone will
also like to educate me up bottoms up
I'd love to I just learned that got
awesome songs I'm excited to listen to
them how about if I Christmas name
inside my current one that's not
Christmassy who's that
I can't help you I'm eating shepherd's
pie right now as you speak is that has
to do with a holiday I think not no no
one is telling me anything about
Hanukkah or Kwanzaa are you gonna see
the new Star Wars movie eventually when
it comes out on iTunes who's Adam go to
the theater because going to the movie
theater gots a lot of friggin money I
spend my money on it
Christina once threw up a dreidel of
threw up in a dreidel I throw in a
dreidel why would she do that why am i
falling asleep because it's late and I'm
not entertaining
what's the ugliest vegetable I don't
know
we should not be looking at vegetables
and telling you it's ugly or pretty
don't do that
we already doing enough to each other we
should not do it races I'm not racist
because I said someone once told me at
once I was what black people celebrate I
never said that that's what I think I
said someone told me that knows the only
pieces of information ever given to me
and I want to learn more because I'm not
I know that it's not the piece of
information that should be in my face
I'm Jewish I missed the second night of
Hanukkah I feel great Christmas menorah
is the candle holder I thought that's
what it was the candle should burn for
eight hours because the oil in the lamp
was supposed to burn one night and
burned for eight that is a beautiful
story look it I'm getting educated
homicide right close-up there are eight
candles because it was supposed to burn
for one night but it burned for eight
matter later on and it's very hot in
here stop paying me dust ain't paying
you anything I used to think Hanukkah
was the twelve days of Christmas
wow I'm a terrible person you're not
terribly you just were not educated I so
I'm saying people just we don't teach
each other about our culture's teach me
teach each other see this person kitty
that Hanukkah was the 12 days Christmas
which honestly I don't blame you cuz
what in the world of a 12 days of
Christmas why are there 12 days of
Christmas and why don't we do that
ridiculous I've never understood that
why what is the 12 days of Christmas on
what word you always this spell
definitely that is the word dude dude
you
I give up finite Christmasy name there's
nothing DDD what's a Christmas and it
starts with D I don't know how to say
your name John tria geometry is that I
feel like name that's right Diandra the
arm trail yeah I got older I said what
is it D Christmas thing d dick the
damned
deck the halls the only Deena cabin all
right D what a song don't let me stop
the Christmas spirit
oh that's not sorry I neither dreidel
dreidel just to Monica instead Kwanzaa
is a holiday Alex I already knew that
piece of information is your favorite
word still indubitably I still like that
word I got a whole Duggal whats a dingle
dude I can't land I don't celebrate
Christmas
why because you celebrate something else
or cuz you think it's a stupid holiday
why don't you celebrate it
I would like to the fun fact there quell
the color of Kwanzaa are black red and
green finally so much history about
Kwanzaa black represents the color of
the people green represents the
fertilize of Africa and red represents
the bloodshed in the struggle of freedom
oh that's part sad but respect expect
that ok so black purpose has come people
ok so the piece of information I was
given was slightly accurate the green
report outlines aspects ok the red
bloodshed of struggle freedom ok ok we
have information about Kwanzaa it's a
little more deep than the meaning of
Christmas
because Christmas what is well Christmas
colors red and green why is Christmas
colors red and green cuz Santa wears a
red hat did Santa originally wear a
different color hat
wait a minute what color was Santa Oz
originally Santa's outfit was tan in
color and he changed it to red also drew
Santa in a green suit in Austin yeah ok
so tan and green and red this Sam
because Santa I only know things about
related to Chinese New Year's teach me
about Chinese during here cuz I always
hear about it and I have no idea what it
even means so I learned a little bit of
it because what's the show I watch I
learned most of my things from TV by the
way that's why I know Kwanzaa existed a
fresh off the block that show they had
an episode about the Chinese New Year so
I learned a little bit about that
so do
dddd Kwanzaa a celebration honors
African heritage and african-american
cultures and is observed from December
26 to January 1st okay does a feast and
gift-giving great we've learned it at
least I know I know the dates now the
colors why we have the colors see this
is a learning Sunday for everybody there
are 400 for fools watching this there's
305 everyone is tuned me out and gone to
bed which means I should probably go to
bed as well we've learned about things
for me Christmas lasts until mid-january
sex fun why ducky why why happen I think
if I'm gonna get under the car
everyone's gonna be like a tiny like SUV
like you know like the jeep SUVs and I
like the tiny ones I think I may get one
that I like that it's a good size it
still fits in like parking lots but like
I like I like their cars I don't like
small little tiny let's it's cars no
duty to captain okay guys the thing of a
sign off let's just have a sleepover now
I gotta go to bed you guys I got oh my
views are rising again did you also get
friends to wake up and come back bring
back I win at jokes I might I thought
about that the other day I was fresh off
the boat now fresh off the block honey
it's so past my bedtime
thank you for that info I haven't
watched in a while is it done is now hey
this is this season ended I don't I
lately for some reason all we've been
watching is The Cooking Channel we get
in these weird little ruts where we just
put on like a certain thing and dive and
wash it but we just fall asleep to it
right now it's The Cooking Channel
I'm gonna send you a Christmas present
okay I can't remember if people send me
things for Christmas shy hat no I want
I'm so many things I'm vlogs like I
don't do a peel box opening video for
Christmas no I just said for my birthday
i just opened things on vlogs someone
sent me a puzzle
it's in the other room someone could
accept me an 18,000 piece puzzle the
boss is like this big this is a big the
boxes also someone simply is a farting
giraffe he ate that today he destroyed
it and i had to take it away because
he's already eating it
well some I got some sock to the bed
good I needed Christmas name Sabina you
don't need it what's s and Christmas
Santa Sabina Santa not just Santa's in
my head that's what you get Sabina its
Fanta do not leave us I have to leave
it's almost been an hour and I'm tired
and I'm not even making sense or even
called racist I don't appreciate it I'm
just trying to learn if you're Catholic
Christmas actually technically lasts
until February but most people stop
mid-january the end of candlenut madness
candle miss candle miss I did not know
that why why does it I'd my best friend
Megan was Catholic and she did not do
this so she lied to me I feel she did
why does it do that
isn't it true like Christmas is supposed
to like I was growing up a group on a
Christian household I was taught but
Christmas is celebration of Jesus's
birth
and so his crab rose like cool Christmas
Jesus birth Jesus birth December 25th
but it's actually true that his birthday
is not even in December but there's like
a bunch of things that happens in like
two months since in like November
December and I like let's make it this
day and that's what happened like I feel
like I've been told that and I was like
this is weird
I don't even know it's happening anyway
also did they have calendars back then
how do we know this is the actual date I
don't I think that had a little phone
calendar and wrote it down I do not know
we serve so long for this I have been
live streaming for an hour how much
longer do you all need to be awake got
to sleep
the Chinese are good we have information
about the Chinese New Year's it's a time
for families to be together amen
as most holidays should be people come
home to celebrate the festival with
their families dears it did new words
the New Year's Eve dinner is called
reunion dinner and it's believed to be
the most important meal of the year well
that's fun
it's like it's about family I like that
I like my family
when is it cuz to me New Year's is
genuine January 1st but I know that's
not Chinese New Year's why are you sure
you're different tell me I just got a
shooting pain in my boob but I felt like
I shouldn't smack and rub that one cuz I
wasn't really worried if I did that on
the fly straight Joe so you know that
orange is there okay
this music thing went away that was that
was a lot of impulse control that is
happen on my part I still had to tell
you
it's almost 4:00 a.m. here yeah you also
go to bed as should I your parents are
gonna be mad at me flora when you guys
are ready to wake up and you're all
tired grumpy and I can realize what you
do Leslie you're gonna say not drugs I'm
still gonna be mad at you I got back
which you said you weren't gonna wear a
hat oh okay you won't bring sassy
because you said you'd be joking did I
say I was gonna write hat I'm not is
this Sam how it doesn't count I haven't
played with it I've been playing with
this so I haven't touched a hat by
playing them all right in their pants so
haha Jules
Jesus is scientifically supposed to be
born in the spring you often don't see
Jesus in science and same sentence that
was my only response that's not safe
that's just that wasn't saying anything
but is the fact of life that you don't
normally see those things because anyway
yes I believe that people have probably
look this star of the show
hey did you finally wake up and realize
I wasn't in there yeah yeah yelling no
hi comer say
okay thanks everybody for coming we will
celebrate all of the holidays alone
everything about them
what do you celebrate I've never asked
you what are you celebrate am I just
going in pletely saying cuz I'm tired
and she'd be in bed
yeah you would go ahead thanks for
hanging out
sorry it was such a late one things
anyone who stayed up to watch this I'm a
mess but hey we learned things we're
learning about other people's cultures
and what they celebrate no religions
it's good to be informed Franza black
people of Africa ring the lambs of
Africa red blood in which you have spilt
see we have freedom for freedom we have
foot burdens we've learned things
Chinese New Year about family Catholics
who celebrate Christmas until February
but she just celebrates them in January
well so we learned Kwanzaa is the
choicest of the first and scientifically
Jesus was born in the spring did you
know any of this no and you don't care
stop bleep licking you're like what only
blinking nothing it nothing all
right I love you guys signing up see
you're sick thanks for staying up I'm
sorry I'm exhausted I love you all and
goodbye
