have you beautiful people then what did
you Roberta see is from the day I made
my book announcement so enjoy hey it's
Thursday morning and I was about to
release my book and I was like you know
what I'm just gonna check it one more
time make sure everything I said was
right blah blah blah and then I noticed
that I said the wrong announcement date
ah so I just had to quickly edit my
video and I was gonna announce it 9
minutes ago
but I have to have edit it and reupload
it so now I'm currently frantically
trying to upload my videos because I
want to announce it as soon as possible
because actually up for sale right now
so I'm scared that someone's gonna find
it before the announcement goes up so
I'm stressing out but I'm fixing it
right now I go back process faster pass
that faster seriously I was like I'm so
professional I had this up like two days
ago it was it's been ready sitting there
I've been nervous and I'm so glad I was
like I'm just gonna double check and for
some reason when I checked the links to
buy it said June 17th but I think that
was for like the Kindle cuz like the
book by the hardcover pre-order wasn't
up yet when I checked him just the
Kindle so I think that's what messed me
up but yeah I am stressing out I'm glad
I caught it like the editing was
terrible cuz I want to do as quick as
possible and it's just a freeze-frame
I'm you guys hopefully you've seen it
but it just freeze-frame everything up
and it's booked June 13 nope oh god I'm
stressing out I have to watch it get
before I post it good thing it's only
like three minutes long four minutes
long Oh guys freaking freaked out fake
it out bring it out bring it out bring
it out assess it out you guys oh my god
I'm stressing out and stret Zi don't
stress me out
ah you guys seem to be taking a while up
Twitter you guys are so hot okay
whoo ah okay all right all right so it's
like four o'clock right now that took me
out for self Torre pizza lunch and
I've just been on the internet all day
and you guys are amazing you're giving
me so much love I'm just so happy I was
so nervous to announce it I don't know
why and then he hasn't just been so
great and he was so happy but I've been
on the internet all day trying to DM
like follow it comment message just do
everything just replying to people who
are excited or pre-ordered the book I'm
really disappointed the publishers right
within the book released UK was like
people need UK but I got it won't let us
pre-order the book and I reached out to
my publishers and I'm like oh that's
strange there's another email big like
oh yeah we didn't check that and then
they said another email be like oh it
might be a few days we never put that in
order what and so I've been just publish
sure is all day in between awesome
Twitter and Instagram and Facebook and
YouTube look go back over my emails been
in a fight with my publishers being like
you need to make it available to the
world and they're like yeah we thought
it would be but we just forgot neat so
right now that's happening I want to be
able to everyone can buy it because
obviously I have people that watching
from all over the world which is amazing
and I love that fact I love traveling
the world and I love all the world so
yeah
anyway I'm taking a break from the
internet and everything to put up a
shelf thing it is a little very show up
I'll show you afterwards it's a shelf in
my bathroom so I got my power tools huh
and my other tools anyway I went to put
up a shelf by shelf is up is it crooked
yeah god I hope it's not crooked
nope it's good all right time to put
things on it I did it
ba-dum genuinely hate opening up drawers
to get the things so I was like I need a
show because this was running out of
space so I should clean that it's dirty
you probably can't see how 30 it is but
as dirty as you clean AMA clean that and
then I'm gonna watch sports and go on
the internet and talk to people more
look so good
I'm mad at dinner right now with Matthew
well the food hasn't come yet so I'm
still at dinner I don't know why I acted
like as if that wasn't dinner but I'm in
a food place and I'm about to eat food I
don't know why I turned the camera on it
was a really bad idea go to the next
shot this does not look pleasant to eat
like as a substitute for jelly or
something look how many seeds are in
that that's disgusting Chia that's gross
I'd be picking seeds out of my teeth for
dates hey blogging in public you are so
beautiful
all right so that's it for today I love
you guys so much and I'll see you
tomorrow okay cool
love you bye
