hey I want to vlog today so I'm vlogging
I did babysit the kids a while ago with
a week go I have logged footage from
that so here's this
ah
hi everybody
somebody sure yey-hey thank you for yeah
uh yeah but today is a much later date
and my mom is coming to town we both
have need Octus appointments one right
after each other so we're going together
cute like that and then I'm name my mom
today I think I want to go out and buy
some Christmas decorations I'm trying to
be sophisticated in my decorations this
year like matching and like a theme and
things aren't just like a cluster of
Christmas colors in your face but more
like a you walk in a night
Oh Christmas instead of I got Christmas
so that's what I'm trying to go for this
year but yeah so that's that by the time
I post this my book announcement will be
up and I am very excited for that I'm
nervous I can finally talk about that
there been some days I'm like well I
couldn't because I wasn't I was just
working all day and I was like I was
working on my book god I could finally
talk to you guys about it
remember when Colleen was on The Tonight
Show I'll never forget why is the
outside of this mug so dirty dishwasher
do your job I made it to Colleen's house
where my mother is
Colin's not here she's doing the Chelsea
Chelsea show what's it called what's the
name Colleen is doing that right now so
clean is not here but my mother's here
say hi mother and we're gonna go to the
knee doctor together cuz we both have
bad knees I got mine from you I got mine
from my dad anyway so we're gonna go do
that and my mother's playing the night
here tonight so her and I are gonna play
after the knee doctors if I need feel up
to it we're gonna go Christmas
decoration shopping come on knees my mom
and I just finished our knee doctor's
appointment how are you feeling
like a pin cushion he was attacking her
with a needle
my goodness but he gave me look at my
band-aids love me I'll felt loves Riya
anyway so now were you to stop my
colleagues I really have to pee and then
we'll probably go out I don't know hey
so it's way later my mom and I were
gonna go Christmas decoration shopping
but then we were like oh we're tired
getting shops takes a lot out of you
takes about an hour and your whole body
is like tense and stressing out for that
hours so you should exhaust afterwards
right now I'm at the grocery store with
Matthew Colleen and I I was at Colleen
to hang up balloons for a while and we
were just fooling around on the ukulele
pipe some songs it's just been
if you think you see some two tracks
down my cheese please it's not because
of you it's cuz I'm thinking about a
friend of mine who you don't know who's
dying that's right Diane - the sadness
because there's just a little bit of
dust in my eyes from the pathogen made
when you set your goodbye
I'm not weeping cuz you won't be here to
hold my hand
throw your information as an information
in my tear cleanse I'm not upset because
you let me this way eyes are just a
little sweaty today they've been looking
around a lot for searching through you
they've been searching for you even
though I told them not to these are the
short live streaming about haters back
off stuff and I had nothing to
contribute and I wanted to see the love
of my life and so I left and now we're
discretion source offering because
that's what cool people do long-term
relationships goals yeah you got fruit
exciting I Know Who I just got really
nervous because I realized I'm
announcing my book tomorrow I just got
really nervous specially running around
my apartment and I'm really really
nervous and I'm nervous with Matt thinks
I'm weird and I'm nervous but he
supports me and I'm nervous and I'm
still weird and I'm freaking out all
right I'm gonna go back to watching the
World Series it's I think Cubs are up by
one run and I don't know which team I'm
rooting for but it's sports sports my
book I'm nervous cuz was the World
Series congratulations Chicago you
didn't break your curse you guys beat
the Dodgers so you guys get to win
that's that's what happens when you beat
the Dodgers you get to win the World
Series congratulations if anyone from
Chicago cares I congratulate you
I am sorry Cleveland Indians my luck
just a little bit of dust in my eyes is
from the package man when you said you
could buy enough women cuz you want the
age of all my head for your information
there's an inflammation in my damn plan
I'm not upset because you left it this
way I said just a little sweaty today
they've been looking around
