hey pull hi guys
and what's up it's Saturdays at Rachel's
I know let's skip the last few Saturdays
but that's okay we're back at it now I'm
gonna tweet this link out Oh
hashtag Saturdays
Howard spell Saturdays at Rachel's I'm
now did I spell all that right si tu Rd
a why s a tra CH e LS Saturdays at
Rachel's five men at rachel at Rachel's
yeah tweety tweety tweety all right
let's see what's happening now no
there's some of you what's up guys are
you doing so I've missed the last two
Saturdays for that I apologize but I was
bored playing in the u k-- and I was
like hey I'm not doing anything right
now
I should 100% do live streaming um I do
have videos to film later yeah so what's
up I haven't talked to you guys in a
while
look at this hashtag and chit chat shall
we live latest hi all right the only
person who is tweeting me is Serena
hello Serena thank you for tweeting me
using the hashtag Saturdays at Rachel's
so you're my only friend right now I
think we should be best friends forever
and I think you're beautiful
let's go to your page Sally oh you got a
little kiss you hello Kizzy picture boom
well uh-huh good for you good for you
i'm following you which is great you
live for colleen beat one two three as
most of us do and yeah that's your page
pretty much is nice white and uh mint
green theme going it's very nice oh you
post about my sister's vlog channel good
yeah my sister's block channels almost
said a million subscribers but I'm very
hyper right now
I do apologize for that um yeah anyway
all right let's see if anyone else
tweeted me at this point
good all right yeah yeah they're all of
our other friends are here sorry Serena
you wouldn't have to share you know with
other people how y'all doin okay well
someone said it's Sunday in the UK
listen I'm in California in the United
States of America and here it is 421 on
Saturday
it's a Saturdays at Rachel's okay thank
you but hey you K what's that thanks for
watching uh why do you always live
stream in the middle of the night again
it's for 21 p.m. it's your fault for
living where you do what's up are you
guys excited for Halloween are you guys
do you treat I try to treat it until my
junior year of college I took a trip to
LA is really exciting a trick treat when
I was little so making up for it I'm not
trick-or-treating this year I don't even
think of doing anything on Monday
we're into a party on Sunday Halloween's
on a Monday I felt like no one does
anything because it's a Monday so I
don't know I have no plans
maybe I'll go somewhere and hand out
candy but I don't know where I'll just
go over to a random person's house okay
I can't touch candy here thanks uh all
right so one says where have I been the
past one to two days is he well is he
I have what I did yesterday mmm
yesterday I cleaned my closet out and I
was here I went over to Colleen's for a
bit and I was back here I think I got
dinner at one point yeah didn't really
do much the day before that I worked
yeah I'm about it so I just been around
I haven't been very active on Twitter
and I apologized today sometimes I just
don't have anything with me to say I'm
still on Twitter favorite things I just
don't have anything to say but I have a
lot to say because Christmas starts
November 1st Hey
I genuinely like they were tweeting me
like week two ago and I was just like
all right I'm like I was kind of excited
Christmas is a guy that's coming and
then I walked into target yesterday and
saw all the Christmas stuff that's the
first time I had seen like a full blown
up Christmas section and I got so happy
and so excited for Christmas and that's
like fully hit me like it hit me before
like I was into it but then yesterday
fully hit me I'm like oh my gosh
Christmas Christmas is about to is
around the corner it's around the corner
so I started freaking out about it all
right what was my favorite oh so that's
not my favorite Halloween costume I wore
as a kid was I didn't ever get to really
dress up and I've never put because I
never grew up celebrating Halloween I
wasn't ever that I'm not that into it as
an adult
um and so when I did get to finally
start dressing up I never put a lot of
thought into my costumes are super
excited about them and this year is the
first year I'm like super duper uber
excited and put effort into it so I'm
excited to show you all know I'm not
going to tell you what it is or give you
hints but I'm very excited this year
Oh what about dressed up as an army
person a soccer player a giraffe last
year I was a never-nude uh-huh my
costumes are never net memorable and
also I refuse to buy those pre-made
costumes in those bags
because they're terrible quality that
like that is ridiculous ah
anyway those those preemie yeah like
they're no they're not even cute they're
not even cute they're just doing I hate
them okay I don't know why okay when you
guys say no offense but you spell it
Noah
no offense Leigh
it's on Twitter it makes me laugh every
time I've never used it but I see it and
I think it's hilarious no offense just
it's funny it makes me very excited when
I stop doing vlogmas should I start on
my not Halloween that's too much blog
miss Joyce I usually administered on
Thanksgiving or Choi started in December
first a lot of people started like I
think the norm is to start on December
first but a lot of people in my family
started on Thanksgiving because that's
when the holiday officially starts I
guess for the world within every to
every year people get back like em you
started it early like will be like
vlogmas number 15 like it's not just in
December 15 yet how on earth could you
be on vlog 15 if it's not the 15th yet
I'm like cuz I started early another one
gets mad at before I understand why
should I start on Thanksgiving your
December 1st say I'm doing vlogmas
hmm I'll figure it when the time comes
I'll figure it out and do I go til
Christmas
I think I'll just go till Christmas I
maybe I'll start on Thanksgiving and go
til Christmas and then instead of
December 1st through New Year's Eve no
we'll see we'll see
pens what I'm feeling I usually can't
blog out for Christmas cause I'm super
depressed that Christmas is over I have
this joy for thought my friend Jenna
every she was we were roommates in
college and she we were in love with
each other I am obsessed with her she
was obsessed with me we don't live in
the same town any worse and we can't
ever hang out but she knew like she was
just as obsessed with Christmas as I was
and uh and she voice knew that the day
after Christmas I get extremely
depressed because Christmas is over so
every year she sends me a text saying um
like basically like a morning text like
not a morning but like it's not morning
like oh the Sun rose but like morning
like
um text being like I'm sorry that this
day has come
I love you and she says it's like
dramatic text to make me laugh on the
day after Christmas she's amazing
you just strive to be that kind of
friend people that's the kind of friend
everyone should be ah and are you
excited for the baby Ballinger Ballinger
baby yeah oh yeah chris majestic you're
pregnant for those maybe two of you that
don't know my brother and my
sister-in-law are about to have another
baby and I am very very excited there
it's gonna be their fourth kid they pop
out some cool kids so okay that's a lot
more work than popping out but about
some good kids so yeah I babysat all
three kids by myself for the first time
um I love my niece and nephews and I am
around them often but I've never babysat
all three by myself the end just I don't
know how I've gotta know everything cuz
I feel like everyone else in my family
has watched the kids over some reason
boxes like Jessica Colby's like hey I
need you to watch it Christopher's gonna
ask you to watch the kids and I was like
okay I've never done that before
I've never babysat really it she was
like oh good that's what every mother
puts two here oh my god right
just give him some knives and some guns
matches so ma'am we just hung out they
watch videos of myself we drew we found
a squirrel outside actually blogged it I
should probably edit that and post it on
this channel but yeah anyway um read a
lot of fun I didn't kill any of them now
live and they're about fed we had peanut
butter jelly sandwiches it was a good
time good time I'm being trashed for
Halloween and my friends being a
trashcan that's a costume
how are you trash how do you be trash do
you know what stand means yeah I figured
that out it could listen the second I
see a word more than twice on Twitter
and I don't know what it means I
immediately google it and I learn it
because I don't want to be behind you
guys I know what
being trash is like if you're like
kollene trash or boob lien trash I know
what that means
my dad is texting me I love I for my my
dad's birthday I got on a Captain
America doll and he said that Parker was
playing as I know super cute anyway
that's all it's not very exciting but I
just live with my dad text makes it's my
favorite because he's my favorite
he's not I mean I everyone's my favorite
have you careful what I say I'm sat next
to dog food and it stinks move to move
or kick the dog food away
Nicole let's know if I have another job
or just YouTube just YouTube this is it
this is what i do i make videos do live
streams on social media post pictures in
my face that's my job working pretty
well
down but we get him any more sign
language lessons soon I'm gonna teach
you stuff right now this is I love you
this is thank you
um this is boring these are the ones I
normally use in my life okay if any time
I want to make Trent my brother laughs I
just got like he laughs every time at
any family event if I just say
something's boring he thinks it's
hilarious
um yes that's another one what's a
little sign if you guys just learn signs
just look em up um what is it
okay what do I know it's so hard for me
to just I don't know what do you guys
want to learn I can teach you signs
they're very simple and we'll do that
later but I love doing this so
do you plan to do your own shows or
meet-and-greets I don't plan on ever
doing your show I'm miss needing you
guys a lot I miss hugging you so I'm
gonna transfer your way to hug you all
soon but I don't ever I I don't think
I'd put on a good show I've seen you
guys like writing shows for me I'd love
it see you guys are super cute but I
don't think I'd ever do my own show but
I'm trying to figure out ways to meet
y'all so don't worry about it Hey
so when asked if I'm going to tours
cleaning January I don't have plans to
but I'll probably stop it cause she's
doing like a month-long tour so I'll
probably come to like a week at a time I
don't know depends on I'm feeling uh-huh
people stop sending me gory pictures of
your makeup for Halloween I don't like
the gory side of Halloween it's not my
favorite can you teach us boob leaned
trash in sign language there isn't a
sign for boob lean so know what was true
I used to know trash
I completely forgot what trash was that
was a sign I had to teach I forgot wait
have you heard the pentatonics new
Christmas album what I heard there last
year's Christmas album which was
mind-blowing
and I've been listening to Ariana's
Christmas album recently but I have not
they have a new one
what is this madness my face I'm looking
it up right now go away I'm angry
actually that you didn't tell me sooner
who is this who told me this if you're
lying to me I swear on all that is good
Emma I swear if you're lying to me
Oh tonics Christmas there it is go wait
wait there's like oh my god there
something oops wait shot wait I wouldn't
know more about this October 21st to
release wait what song should I listen
to guys okay I'm buying this album right
now thanks babe thank you
and this is just a good day new album I
didn't even know about it how did that
how did not know about that I've been on
the Internet see that anyway
McKenzie got new hearing stuff so I'm so
I sound different yeah that happens do
appeareance is that a coke cooler anyway
that's cool about you got any reading
stuff I love the how technology is
advancing my friend who has diabetes
they just came out with like a new sort
of insulator not insulin slit uh what's
a cup it's it's it's a monitor for her
blood sugar levels and I thought
diabetes is not talked about at all ever
but my best friend has diabetes and she
was that she was diagnosed diabetes she
was like 2 or 3 years something that
she's lived with her whole life but her
whole life there has been like no
progression on the technology or the
medication or whatever for diabetes and
like I think it was last year they
finally came out with something new and
it's like groundbreaking for that
community but I'm like come on we're
2016 you can advance better and faster
than that but they feel like things are
starting to advance now but for a really
long time they were just like stagnant
but for like deaf people and diabetes
like things are finally starting to
progress it's making me happy but yeah
that's all huh
did you hear - shutting down yeah I
don't get that
what why would you shut down an app I
think it's what they're doing as soon
you're not like that uploaded anymore
but you can still watch and save the
videos I don't know Twitter owns vine
correct I don't get why they would shut
it down and not just let it be like
myspace was inactive for a really long
time but they didn't take it down for my
assistance my face is still up but no
one uses it but like I don't get what
takes it I don't get what they're doing
looks like let it be I just don't ever
try and progress it I guess I don't know
why they're shutting it down it doesn't
even make sense like a gif that it's not
huge anymore but whatever did you hear
that Lee is having a baby yes yes do you
guys know Lee from Queens
these are clues to her manager what he's
in York which he's in Europe yeah he and
his wife were expecting a little so yeah
that's what's happening oh now you're
all sitting me put atomic sounds -
listen - well I can't listen to my live
stream or else that will stop my live
stream because of copyright reasons but
I'm downloading it listen to it Matt
should surprise you with a puppy for
Christmas
um mm he can't because I'm not allowed
to have animals in this apartment but if
I would he would totally buy me a puppy
how is your vagina now that it's been
steamed well for those of you who don't
know a few days ago glozell was a
Tuesday yeah
glozell made me Colleen and her sister
Dion's I'll go get our vagina steamed
apparently it's good for your uterus it
gets rid of bacteria and the things and
it's supposed to help like if you're
trying to have a baby it's supposed to
strength and I don't I don't know I
always just told how to do it so I
wouldn't did it it wasn't it was torture
during it but it was afterwards like you
feel this is so weird you you're home
lower body feels loose
because I don't know so like I was just
kind of moving around like this it was
the experience was fun I don't think I'd
ever get my vagina steamed again it was
odd and new but I don't think it's a
repeat because that likes to do all of
these different things that are you know
like why not if it's not hurting you
what's why not try it so I tried it I
had fun going and doing it the things
with the Berlin I have fun
Abby says my grandma just said who is
that person yelling on your phone
sorry Abbey's grandma I yell my I bad
you should be a tampon for Halloween no
Amy is shook I should not be a tampon
for Halloween have you heard of the new
cure for breast cancer no what no why
isn't this on the news why is it miss
plastered everywhere these are important
things people should know about but no I
have not what's your favorite social
media platform I think Twitter I think
I've said this before I think you guys
are hilarious on Twitter just so
hilarious I love you guys so I think
Twitter is my favorite I mean besides
YouTube but I spend most of my time on
Twitter Instagram and I don't know since
they changed like so it's not in
chronological order and there's the
stories now I just not super into
Instagram anymore um I love like I still
I still go and look I go on it every day
and I post pictures but my main jam is
Twitter just so good there's always
things happening on Twitter Instagram I
can go on like maybe every hour and see
a couple new pictures but Twitter just
like one after another less like 4:00
a.m. and you're sleeping so new II wake
up I
carve a pumpkin this year never send me
pictures of their carved pumpkins which
all look great but I just did not do
that
someone's math goofy
Kate Lee's mad at me because she treated
me about the pentatonix Christmas album
and I didn't see her tweet sorry
sometimes you guys tweet me weird things
you look really focused that's because
I'm reading yeah when I do math I stick
my tongue out when I'm reading I look
confused and stressed that's my face you
should be a prose toast for Halloween no
but I thought it was super cute that hit
his back off social media tweeted out
how and it's turned about how to make a
froze toast so with the glue foam and
then half a ping pong ball genius that
was really cool I hope you guys do that
like beat Miranda and have afros toast
that'd be amazing guys I'll be real what
Christmas songs Chaconne and I do an
awkward Christmas sound musical dance -
did that make sense you know we always
do an arm Christmas song what strong has
to be doing this year the season is upon
us we usually don't get it done until
like the day before this I want to kind
of try to get ahead at my schedule like
you notice I tweeted out what I should
teach you about on Sunday like I'd
sweeten it out of like Tuesday yeah it's
already edited what my videos already
edited
it's like youtuber yeah I'm trying to
get ahead of myself so like if people
want me to hang out one day I can't be
like oh no I have to film that it and
post all right now so I would that was
kept happening like hey let's hang out
and I'm like I can't I have a video to
posts that I haven't even filmed it so
I'm trying to get ahead of this
so start bloggers on November 1st that
is too much isn't it I don't I like a
thing with the vlogmas is that there are
some days when I literally don't do
anything I'm just like in my house
working and those are the hardest days
to vlog but I have to vlog every single
day so there's only there's only so many
of those vlogs I can put out before
people are like Rachael get out of your
house so my starting November 1st you
get double the amount of those vlogs of
me doing absolutely nothing and never
leaving my apartment so that's why I'm
focused on maybe it just Thanksgiving to
Christmas or New Year's Eve depending
how I feel after Christmas yeah I don't
think I get started first I don't know
what to ask for for Christmas help hmm
I don't think about that and get back to
you what's your name li you have an egg
as a profile picture freakin put a
picture there doesn't it to be a you
just of something I don't want your egg
come on dance dude you on that beat I
have dance to choose you on that beat
and it's on my brother Christopher's
musically is it musically or musically
that thing that I still don't understand
yeah that one I did you do and that be
on his so if you want to go find his
musically go for it see the Ballinger
family I think is there musically name
but it's on there so go check it out
however I've been live streaming do guys
like surprise live streams or do you
want me to tell you ahead of time before
a live stream cuz I I love surprising
people like I hate I don't know I feel
if I tell you isn't I do something I
like it's too much pressure for me to
actually do it I don't know I don't like
being the person I don't know I don't
like even if I don't even know if I'm
gonna live stream you want me to like
maybe if I
I want to swipe it okay I hate you all
because some of y'all are gonna
screenshot that anyway should I tell you
before I livestream or do you like to
surprise that's one that's what I'm
mumbling on about bubbling today I
should probably go film cuz I got things
to film I didn't even know this water is
back here and I but thirsty this entire
time the house good water it wasn't I
don't like water that was a lie it's ydi
sorry where's the 24 hour livestream you
said we would do in the summer hmm never
said 24 hour livestream I said it a
lumber party livestream so dope to me
Adam sassy pants
I never said during the summer just said
I would do one and the years not ended
so I'm still planning it I'm just trying
to figure out a good day to do it like
when everyone's out of town and I'm
bored so whatever is out of town and I'm
bored then I will do what okay and it
will be on the weekend like a sad like a
Friday or Saturday so everyone can
participate explain the picture behind
you this this is a nightlight tada oh
you can't see it it's a nightlight
though so yeah that's what that is
I got it was like five bucks at a target
so I bought it
tell when you do a livestream even
though I hear your notifications on I'm
still going to know so yeah so tell you
I will tell you what's tomorrow's video
you guys know right it's the how to iron
you guys voted on it on Twitter I don't
know why but I won but you go for it so
know that
what shampoo do you use
enjoy in the pink bottle tell us ahead
of time all right I'll let you guys know
beforehand before a live stream it's
pronounced okay you're all trying to
tell me how to pronounce musically
musically but you're all saying it
differently some of them said you
pronounce the dot in it I don't know I
don't know how to do it y'all know what
I mean let's talk about it right would
your favorite episode haters back off I
don't know which one is my favorite
I I genuinely don't know I can't watch
episode 8 again because it will make me
cry like a little baby um I don't know
that I love all the episodes I love that
there's a pardon like every episode that
makes me diet laughter oh my gosh I just
realized how dented the bottom of my uke
is you can't see you can't see it it's a
huge dent right here and there's a huge
dent there and there's a huge dent there
good just destroying it before I even
know her class all right I should
probably go film stuff I just want to
pop in and say hi you should live stream
on Christmas Eve I'm busy on Christmas
Eve okay I have plans the traditions
that I stick with actually I probably
will that might be fun
what what day is Christmas on what day
of the week is Christmas on December
25th oh my gosh I should like Siwon
Christmas because that would be a
Saturday you smart all right I might
let's hope so how many times have you
watched hitters back off well Becca I
bought
I haven't watched the whole thing
through um okay
I've seen episodes one through three
like maybe six times and then I've seen
four and five like three times and then
six and seven twice and then episode
eight once so this like I wouldn't I
watched I got to see some of the
episodes before they were released and
before they were in their final edits
which is totally like illegal is
supposed to but could show them to me
and she kept like she had wanted to done
for a while so she kept showing that to
people and I kept being in the room when
she shot him so someone to a lot and I
saw it the premiere and then I watched
it at Frankie Grande's apartment and
then I watched it like I don't know I
just kept saying 1 & 2 over and over
again and I still laugh at them um and
then everyone surround would get past
that too like three or four then five
and six like slowly but I will only
watch eight once because it made me cry
so much it's a good episode it's
phenomenal my sister and brother did an
amazing job on it um but I just can't do
it for my emotional reasons we ever get
a musical Lily I have one I just barely
ever use it got a few things up there so
whoever will send me pictures of dogs
and animals I thank you I see them but I
just can't talk about pictures while
live-streaming because people can't see
them so wait did the clocks come back
today ah poop do it is that happening
once fall back is that tonight no my I
don't do daylight savings to live in for
six
yeah
I don't have to do that something number
six so how you guys are doing it before
that's weird
why can't the whole world just get
together on stuff I don't get it
there are certain things in this world
that I'm like he'll just do that I get
the different languages different
cultures it's very like a fennel should
stay alive forever but like our
measuring systems like why we do miles
per hour set farmers per hour and my
inches versus meters or whatever and
then just there's so many different
things like the time changes like I get
we're in different time zones where I'm
changing the daylight sync where I'm
doing it differently it's just like
outlets why don't we all just agree on
an outlet can we please anybody just
makes sense right makes me angry like
the world get it together do you believe
in the Mandela effect Jenna I don't know
I like it's really fun to think about
but I don't think we'll ever know if
it's true I don't know it's weird
the Berenstein versus the Berenstain
Stephen stain is that the difference
right Berenstein bears yeah that's the
whole to mendel effects thing I it blows
my mind and it stresses me out but I
don't think I'm in it I don't know if
I'm fully believed in it but like weird
itch like that always happens and I mean
I blame it on something right so I don't
like Eric I don't know if I'm like 50/50
on it oh my gosh someone dressed up
their cat as a cheerleader
I'm obsessed how did you get a cat to be
in a costume I love it all right guys
my 18th birthday is on the second any
advice vote here America votes that's my
advice there you go all right guys I
don't think I'm gonna sign off I got
stuff to do I love you guys so much oh
thanks for hanging out with me I hope
you enjoy the Saturday Rachel sorry
having likes from just throwing things I
love you guys thanks for hanging out um
be safe is Halloween don't be stupid if
you're I don't support underage drinking
but if you're an idiot do it anyway
please do it safely but I don't support
you okay but be smart people are stupid
even if you're a smart person people
around you at freaking idiots just be
aware of that so be ultra smart for the
pole group mmm I love you send me
pictures of cute costumes yeah okay
