guys this is a really hard time I woke
up this morning I tried to sign in to
Twitter and this is what I saw what why
can i oh my god
apparently twitter has been hacked and
it doesn't work on the east coast or the
west coast so like New York and
California don't get Twitter you hackers
you've ruined me in my Twitter I can't
even tweet about my frustrations and my
first world problems what am I supposed
to do so I was trying to print out the
icon for Twitter so that I could roll
around with it on the floor while
playing the song I will remember you but
my printer might mad at ink so this is
like a pink Bluebird you know it'll work
- that work was the justice dramatic
even though the bird wasn't on blue uh
obviously Twitter Ben got it's not the
end of the world but it is slightly
annoying and also my snapchat videos
won't play I know has nothing to do with
the hacking and it's happened to me a
few times but my videos on snapchat just
don't play and it's really annoying
I know ariana grande did not post a
blurry picture of something I can't tell
what it is
she clearly took a video of it anyway
that's my story I'm upset I'm gonna put
makeup on him probably go hang out with
my sister and John and Cory has to have
this stuff up cuz I need to film a lot
of no come back
don't leave me thank you I'm glad you
listen to me
oh do I taste like lipstick did you not
like that one I'm over at Colleen's and
we're about to go to a fashion show then
John Hawkins has invited us to why are
you obsessed with licking me I love you
come back I like the kisses oh don't
bite me just cuz you're cute doesn't
you get to bite anyway so that's what we
are about to go do this is my dress-up
look I have heels downstairs let's hope
I don't fall tonight it gets really
confusing I blow on them you can get
that air yeah you got it good job
nothing to lose fire away fire away
ricochet T Cory
fire away I repeat she will be down but
I won't fall I am titanium
I
and then right after that I ran outside
and threw up so it was Marco Marcos
Fashion Show and everyone was amazing it
was cool I was enjoying myself but then
I felt like I was gonna pass out and
vomit I had half a cranberry and vodka
at the beginning of the night at like
9:30 when we got there I got a cranberry
vodka and I drank half of it and then I
was like uh it's kind of hot in here I
probably shouldn't dehydrate myself so I
put it down and drank a bottle of water
instead
and then like at 11:30 I started feeling
like crap like just terrible and then at
midnight I ran outside and I threw up I
have no clue what it was I got home and
I went to sleep but my stomach hurt all
night and then I woke up and I still
felt nauseous and then I had a splitting
headache the rest of the day and now I'm
totally fine sorry side note a canker
sore on tongue and it hurts every time I
talk just the worst anyway so I'm fine
now but yeah the fashion show was a lot
of fun I wish I didn't feel like crap at
the end
um but yeah so that's it I love you guys
and I'll see you later okay buddy
