Hey so it's day two of Preston New York
I'm currently by myself and not in focus
look really tired what if we have focus
today she has Fallon interview but
before that she was a bunch of other
interviews and Silas gave her this
really cute outfit but did not warn her
or give her a strapless bra to go with
it so I am currently running to blooming
nails this is a closed department store
to get her a bra so she can wear it
strapless one well and I just found out
that I'm allowed to go to Fallon so I'm
very excited about that I came here
without that expectation
so just how good all around and also
haters back off came out last night came
out at 3 a.m. in New York where we were
so I woke up threw in to tweet about it
and I stopped between prom gosh was so
excited didn't really care and I just
seeing everyone's amazing reactions on
Twitter and I'm so happy and I'm so
proud oh yeah I'm gonna put my camera
down so I can walk a little faster
because an idiot her bra before her
second interview all right I just
uploaded my vlog well actually it's
uploaded it's not posted yet so I have
over to Starbucks I'm tired I got like
no sleep and it has three days I just
haven't slept there's been so much going
on it's all so exciting us but I'm
really tired but my journal is keeping
me going oh we think it's so happy
hey I'm holy manager my stories are
always the one that everyone would
probably do this to the entire time to
get to it okay so one I met heavy Fallon
and I'm freaked out
the fish was hand she shook that plant
I'm I'll never wash that I can it was so
nice and I enjoyed him and then blurry
or but they just totally in a way so
she's about to go on and I don't know
how she's not pooping her pants I mean I
took her the bathroom early and she
pooped there I'm excited
nervous I'm proud yeah and you said
cocktail a good
you didn't you didn't you're funny
it wasn't as scary as last time last
time was waste carrier really yeah yeah
last time I was like petrified like
diarrhea petrified oh no it was also a
little bit more chill I I really didn't
want to get to the final moment though
what were you planning I was planning on
kissing Jimmy Fallon and it didn't have
like come on they were like doing this
they showed up the cue cards he's like
okay no roll the clip but they laughed
at this show which was what made me too
happy oh really we couldn't hear I
couldn't hear them when I was like
talking to him I couldn't really tell
what they're laughing at what they
weren't laughing at but then once they
rolled the clip they were all laughing
really hard
Oh huh yes hey it's the next day so last
night we hung out at Frankie's oh my god
this is gorgeous
okay like 3:30 4:00 a.m. I would watch
pulling on the Fallon show we watched
six episodes of haters back off I'm kind
of glad we didn't watch the final two
because I've seen the final two already
and I bawled my eyes out when I watch
them in a proud and sad way and also I
need the season two anyway right now
it's 2 p.m. we have to leave in two
hours for the airport but we're at
levain bakery you can't see it because
there's such a line for it we know he's
made me come here every time we came to
New York and there was never a line but
finally people started realizing how
good it is it's cookies it's really warm
delicious amazing cookies so we're doing
that and then I think we're going to sit
down and have actual lunch and then we
got to go to the airport and go home
it's Saturday and press here is done and
now she has to go back and depress in LA
because she was a fancy little woman and
I'm having so much fun but that's the
update cookie what got the cookies and
clean also got me milk cuz she knows me
so well
I won't eat cookies unless I out you're
in heaven never mind bye
you just each other watch out for this
child though
with a pewter
I
alright Rebecca 30 rock to go into the
souvenir shop of The Tonight Show
because we want some veneers for
alkylene being on the show even though
she they gave her like the cutest little
gift basket Corinne I want some mugs
darn it I want to share their mom I want
it all I touched his hand remember
I can't decide between the mug or the
glass I don't know which one to get I
went with the mug I got some ones I
think I'd used the mug more also the
beer glass you can't really see it like
and I should really looking for it so I
wanted to be like yo I went to the
Tonight Show really big on my mug and
you can see it
I'm excited about it
you
