Hey did you miss me I'm vlogging today
because life's starting to get more fun
again and tonight is Colleen's premiere
of her show and so we're going to that
and then tomorrow I leave for New York
and I'm in New York for like four or
five days so let's have some fun and
vlog life shall we okay
oh I just want to target by the way I
don't know why this shows that I went to
Target maybe because I bought those
things there mm I'm on ghosts so I got
home from Target I was like okay I did
all my stuff and then I was like I was
like 30 45 minutes to chill before I
have to start getting ready nice and
then mat look to me goes well I don't
have any white undershirts do I need a
white undershirt if I wear a white dress
shirt I was like yeah so now I'm running
to the mall he's in the middle of a
workout so I decided to come to the mall
and I have to go grab him some shirts
whoopsie
have no idea what I'm doing I don't know
where anything is
just I'm the thing for a t-shirt why
does he need to be pantless why can't he
be wearing pants in this I don't get why
they're all pantless for t-shirt
advertisements I'm getting two different
kinds because I have no clue what is
good under what isn't shopping for boys
clothes when you don't ever shepherd boy
clothes is difficult so I didn't look at
the prices when I got those shirts I was
like two bags of undershirts would be
like $20 yeah that was $75 he gets to
choose one and I'm taking the other
thing back how on God's good earth do
undershirts in up costing $75 that's
disgusting
all right this is me and I'm in the
heels
all right so we are about to head over
to Colleen's house because my cousin is
over there my cousins
Amy Weston my aunt Cindy they're over
there and we're all gonna over together
cuz weren't you baseball after the
premiere all right we got carpool
bitches I'm in a car with Stephanie and
Danny Matthew um I ditched my cousin's
Amy and Weston they were still getting
ready and I wanted to go earlier so I
jumped in Stephanie's car she was
randomly at Colleen's even though
Colleen's not there she's at some random
hotel room getting ready so we're all on
our way to go see kollene and then we're
gonna go to the theater that's that's
what I have awesome I changed the flats
because I couldn't walk in the heels and
I just didn't want to try it didn't
wanna fall not wearing underwear didn't
fall on my cooter to show underwear
tonight you know what girl in a dress is
wearing underwear
brave stephanie is wearing underwear
that's him we're here this is the screen
I'm not gonna show you any of it but
that's the screen right now what's up
she's so beautiful there are so many
people here and it's amazing I'm such a
proud little nugget right now it's about
to start I don't have anything else to
report because I've got a very very
excited circle everything
hi I didn't talk to you guys after the
premiere it was a lot of fun I'm super
proud you know the things but right now
I'm actually New York I flew to New York
yesterday but and then that's all I did
all day cuz it's a five-hour flight and
the three-hour time difference so I'm in
New York let's go play New York today
okay
all right so claim did the it was a
glamour shoot thing that she just did
and now I am off to Bloomingdale's to
pick up dresses for the Fallon show
tomorrow I'm just trying to be helpful
there's no reason for me to be in New
York so I might as well be helpful while
I'm here I'm in another cab it's a
different cab I went to Bloomingdale's
got clean dresses back to the hotel
picked up her coat and now I'm heading
back to her it's a day of errands and I
like it that's the thing things it's
raining - I know none of you care but
I'm from Southern California where it
doesn't rain I'm angry so Glen asked me
to go pick some stuff up for her and I'm
bringing him back to her and Court is
like we're leaving this location in 20
minutes and I said okay GPS says 15 so
I'll be there with time to spare
get any cab tell the guy the address
like six different times is on 33rd
Street and I told him the full dress
like six different times and he repeated
it back to me every single time and I
was like okay cool
and I'm looking at my map and it looks
like he's following the right GPS so I
turned off my GPS and then all of a
sudden he was like where is it and I was
like what it's like repeated the address
again he's like no that's not where I
took you I was like what and he and I
looked at my address he took me the
opposite direction 20 minutes away from
the actual address and he was like oh no
you said 43rd Street I said no I didn't
i said 33rd he goes well why didn't you
stop me when I was driving I don't think
I'm not from here sir he goes okay well
where is it and I was like I told you
the address he goes yeah but where is
that and I was like I just told you I'm
not from here I don't know these streets
and he was like oh well yeah you're
really far away now so now I just got
out of the cab and I'm livid and now I'm
late because Colleen and Corey already
left the location now they're on another
location so I have to go to the new
location which was closer to where I was
originally so now I'm like and there's
an hour of wasted travel this is what's
happening to me
dog that's a good partner okay we're at
cleans last interview for today she's
Miranda in this one this one she's
Miranda
all right I'm closing out this vlog
thank you guys for watching I have fun
going into interviews I had fun running
errands I had fun at TAO it's just I'm
having a fun time haters back off came
out last night so make sure you watch
that it's out now it is literally out
and you watch it on the next like spring
Netflix account get a Netflix account
the 10 bucks a month get it for London
and cancel it don't cancel it though cuz
there's gonna be a season two hopefully
I don't know I just made that up I'm
starting rumors already I mean we're all
wishing for season 2 because it's
frickin amazing phenomenal anyway go
watch haters back off I'm closing this
out I love you guys thanks for watching
and I'll see you tomorrow because I'm
still in New York having fun and
vlogging Bay
