you are so beautiful to me
can't you see cuz you are so beautiful
to me what's up no one is here I have
zero viewers then let that dead go me
alright I'm gonna tweet it out so that
cuz I told no one this was happening
boom gotcha plea boom what the Tres i
tweeted it you tell him hyper uh yeah
people are realizing I'm here what's up
guys it's Saturday at Rachel's I
completely forgot that I said I wanted
to keep live-streaming every Saturday
and then some beautiful human beings
tweeted me hey live stream it's Saturday
and I went hey I'm not doing anything
till 4:00 I'm totally down the live
stream so that's what I'm doing so I
hope you guys aren't mad that I didn't
like give you a heads up or anything but
whatever
um again hash tag Saturday Rachel said
they miss us what's gonna be a time so
said I'm sorry I can't okay that's fine
you don't have to live stream with me uh
go to the hashtag see what's up oh man
these are all alive looks like those are
from last week okay Cooper's thanking me
for helping them procrastinate you are
welcome all right guys if you want to
talk to me use the hashtag because
otherwise I'm not gonna talk to you
side note of life so yesterday for those
of you don't know if you see myself if
you follow me on snapchat which you
should as I post randomly miss our
Butler's my snapchat name it's the same
as my Twitter and my Instagram you can
follow everything but oh yes turday I
went over to Christopher Jessica's
and I was driving back at 2:00 a.m. as
people do it was actually 1:40 a.m. so I
don't to be lying over exaggerate but
that was the time so I was driving home
about halfway home and there was barely
any cars on the road and there were no
streetlights oh it's just my headlights
and there was something in the road but
it was too quick it happened I saw it
too not quick enough where are the words
we don't know but I ran over it because
sometimes it's better to just run over
something than just try and swerve
around it so I ran over it
couldn't really do much and then turn my
music off and I could feel my wheel
pulling one way and I could hear
something happening and I was it great
my car's busted so I get off the freeway
within like 20 seconds I get out I look
and there under the engines there's like
this plastic thing and the undercarriage
that makes it so like stuff doesn't fly
up into the engine and stuff and it's
like there's like tiny little mud flaps
in the front of the tires in the front
but anyway this classic thing had been
unhooked and it was like rolling around
in my tire and like it's still attached
to my car but it was like trying to flip
over the top I don't really know but
just like almost 2 a.m. pulled off a
like a random exit like there's nothing
around in the middle of a field to me
with the flashlight um but I unhook the
plastic thing I got off the tire but
it's still attached the car so I'm
trying to like sticky back up into the
engine cos Phi cos I wanted to get home
I didn't wanna have to sit there call a
tow truck
and I didn't wanna have to have call
someone to come get me because I was
like in-between where Matt was and where
Christopher was and like those two those
sources like this is ridiculous
so I just stuffed a backup in my engine
and I was like nothing's touching my
tire I think I'll be ok I get back on
the freeway and then if I went faster
than 45 miles per hour I could feel that
the wind resistance was popping it back
like hitting my tire I hear - my tire so
I was like cruising behind semis the
whole time like going 35 yellow stuff
and then I hit a bump because it's just
there was construction on the road so
like the lanes change and like the
shifting of the roads whatever and I hit
a bump and I heard it like pop back out
and like hitting the tire again and like
trying to spin around with the tire so I
had to pull off on the side of the road
because there were no exits so I was
just like on the freeway trying to fix
the thing pop it back in and then I had
to get off the freeway and drove 35
miles per hour on side streets for like
a half-hour it's like at home and now I
look at it in the morning and the whole
plastic thing is like shredded and just
falling down and if I turn I could hear
it scraping against my tires so that's a
lot of fun
basically I've struck my car last night
and this morning else like break okay
take to mechanic get it fixed gonna fix
it whatever but no mechanic over two
stars on Yelp is open on the weekends
every mechanic is like no we don't do
that we're too good for that so I have a
car
I shouldn't drive it and I can't get it
fixed till Monday even though I can't
take it in till Monday who knows how
long it's gonna be fixed like it's not
even like mechanical it's just kind of
the plastic thing like do you replace it
or use bolt it back in I don't know I
don't know what they're gonna do but the
whole thing is really annoying because
now I'm stranded with no car my
apartment luckily I live around good
food so I can go walk to places but
that's all all right now I'm on Twitter
hashtag Saturdays at Rachel's I'm gonna
hang out with you guys though huh why
are you guys looking at videos of me and
Matt from a million years ago
stop that Oh Jules asked me why did cats
hate you what did I say cats hate me I
don't remember telling you guys cat cats
love me wait tiny ruff animals love me
I'm a lovable human being cats like me
why are you saying
did his cats talk to you did you have a
discussion with cats and they tell you
that they didn't like me I thought cats
like me but okay well right now I just
have a group of haters ah
Lauren says can we get a plant update
you guys are really interested in my
plants and they are still alive they are
living things that's your plan update
okay okay thanks
what's your favorite Netflix show to
binge watch oh well it will soon be
haters back off but friends Bob's
Burgers and cycles on Hulu and then yeah
I'm on goats those two friends and Bob's
Burgers I love Bob's Burgers it is a
good freakin show and I am Linda the mom
that's all huh
how are you guys doing today how's
everyone's day
it's Saturday everyone should be happy
right he's a Saturday no school today
and no school tomorrow so it's a good
day um Colleen's cookie house so if I
have a new update yet I don't I still
haven't updated my phone it hasn't even
given me the option update I felt like
at first I was like cool I don't have to
deal with that little like red
notification saying I update your
spelling I'm cool sweep and I'm like yo
why are you not even giving me the
option Apple why do I not are my not
cool enough am i why don't I get to
update I don't want to update but at
least I want the option I just realized
that okay I had a different better
candle in this candle holder thingy that
I made and I just really said max walked
it out with his lesser candle huh dare
he he just took my good candle and put
his candle in there leopard uh-uh-uh
evil so I'm by the way I am wearing
shorts but I have a blanket on because
my
up this is an icicle igloo thing oh by
the way guys since our last hangout
famous birthdays has updated my profile
picture thanks to you all
so apparently you guys are deeming them
and emailing them they emailed my sister
like Jessica and was like hey I don't
know why they emailed her no like can
you send us a picture or give us contact
info for Rachel apparently her fans are
really mad that she does I'm a better
picture just feels like it's called
Google like use Google image doesn't get
a better picture but Jessica ended up
sending them a picture but I I don't
understand how they were like we need we
can't do it ourselves we can't Google
Image Search so you have to send us the
photo it's so long I don't quite
understand it like why couldn't they
Google Rachel Ballinger and take a
picture like I don't I don't get it but
it's done it's over with I have an
updated picture on famous birthdays the
world is a better place for it guys so
applause to you all for bugging them huh
all right
I'm reading your tweets so I'm not
silent for just like no reasons Ania
maybe that's your name
that's how long do you think you survive
with no internet I mean I could survive
there's a difference between surviving
and being really frickin annoyed when I
used to turn with kollene and go
overseas we wouldn't have internet on
our phones and like so I could go a few
days but I mean I don't want to know I'm
not gonna just drop dead if I don't have
internet but I wouldn't want to go more
than a few hours at work so that's that
I mean sometimes I sleep without and I
don't go on the internet so I'm just in
your word some makeup mistakes and then
one of them is a picture of me with no
makeup but really I'm not wearing makeup
right now how's that makeup mistake I'm
over makeup I hate it I will not put it
on unless I have to film a video
I got leftovers from yesterday on
because I filmed part of a video
yesterday
I hate makeup I'm just over it I'm all
freaking over it like you're just such a
freaking an asshole it's not good for
your skin it's so freaking annoying I
hate it and I'm fine with my face
without it it's the worst just the worse
am I the only one that thinks it's so
annoying
it's just so freaking annoying it's a
nuisance that's all just go for it you
should take it off and clearly I don't
insist the only reason my makeup came
off a little bit today is because I took
a shower people keeps tweeting me a
picture of me like your makeup
first I'm not my sister I don't give a
crap about my makeup mistakes and also
clean did my makeup in that picture so
everyone shush your pumpkin looks really
artsy and cute
thank you I did it myself
my log when I did this I put crayons on
the top of this and melted it with a
blow-dryer and then I made up art really
cool oh whoops
I'm becoming an actual crafty human and
it's weird but it's fun Hayley wants to
know if I like her guinea pig yeah I do
the sound of a guinea pig it's my
favorite just like when they start and
then they start getting louder and
louder and louder car as Colleen showed
you any episodes from heaters back up
yeah I mean no but it's good there I'm
not gonna say anything I was gonna tell
you different emotions I felt that I
felt all the emotions so everyone I'm
gonna be for Halloween I don't think
just I don't know I'm probably gonna do
like a couples costume with kool-aid
Blake it beyond me more I don't know
what should I be for Halloween send me
suggestions I never know what to do
because like I don't trick-or-treat and
I don't go partying so I'm like I'm
dressed about tonight hang out at my
house
so I don't really know what to do with
my life happy going stuff I plan to dye
my hair no no need
what would I what would I do with my
head maybe one day if I randomly became
the most famous person ever to ever
exist maybe I'd get some highlights I
don't know but I'm going
I'm goes with my brown well Plain Jane I
don't need much Jules wants to know what
I call my fans people humans hey guys
that's not it
lovely people that I love I don't know I
don't have a name but you don't need
people you're all human beings you don't
need names hmm it was the last time I
read a book when was the last time I
write a book I don't know
whenever the last time our youtuber sent
me a booklets people are saying it
should be a possum
that is Oh No okay the thing for the
possum though they said be like a
picture of someone dressed up in like a
full-on possum costume I know that
that's a possum and I hatched but if I
were to look at that I still look at
that and go what is that what creature
is that you can't dress up like a possum
because poss is one ugly butt - no one
would know what you would dress the best
cuz it's weird
no one will people I should exceed
possums hottie Hattie says do you know
how to French braid your hair I know
this in theory yes in practice no like I
understand it but I I think I've
achieved it once but it's it takes a lot
of brain power and I may I could
probably French braid someone else's
hair but my own is difficult but I
understand how it's supposed to happen
rebecca says dressed up as one of your
plants how how would I do that
and I don't know which one choose from
blanca by little patricia who knows
we're saying we're cow onesie or
something but like it's so cheap just
wearing the onesies such a cheap way to
get out of costume so I feel like if I'm
gonna do a costume I want to go all out
now onesie is such a cheap way out of it
doo doo doo doo so nice if I've ever
played volleyball I have I played beach
volleyball almost kind of OK at it no no
are you going anywhere
Ariana Grande shows I don't have plans
for it I'd love to I love her album and
her face
but how many plans to it do it did you
do to do Torah says please convince my
mom to buy Netflix so I can watch haters
back off hey bye it was that convincing
just take that clip and just show it to
her well just do oh just do like the
one-month free trial thing watch it and
then cancel it doesn't Netflix do that
they do a one-month free trial thing
right I mean it's like 5 10 bucks a
month come on come on you're gonna be
missing out if you don't see it Lauren
asked if I can ice skate
not well I can stand up on the ice and
that's a bit about it my cousin Andrew
does ice hockey and watching them skate
around Mike how are they doing that
what simultaneously trying to play a
sport I don't I don't get that what's
the last movie we watched
watch me were the millers meat meat
we're the Millers yeah I watch part of
that yesterday Oh Lane says do you know
that yawns are contagious
yeah are they like actually contagious
like I know that they are contagious
it's like I owe a lot and everyone's I
was a guy you made me yawn like a habit
and sometimes when I'm editing my videos
and I yawn in a video I will end up
yelling while editing it uh what is it
like what part of it is contagious
it's the seeing it that's contagious
right or is it cuz it's not like if you
didn't if you were deaf and blind and
idon't I don't think you would yawn - is
it I don't know I think miss stop miss
Mythbusters tried to do a thing on it
but I didn't watch the full episode find
out for herself
whoops ATD um rebecca black's new song I
didn't actually came out the new song Oh
terrible me I should admit that I should
have been like it's great but I don't I
didn't know it existed
Maddie asked if I liked swimming I like
I love swimming I wish I had a pool I
think swimming extremely relaxing and
it's a great way to exercise and it
doesn't hurt my knees and just being in
a body of water just kind of like
floating or Lara relaxing is a really
great feeling just like chillin not like
splashing lady game like cool to
yourself and you're just like yo I'm
chilling in water it's so cool it's just
as a weird feeling and I love it huh
laughs if I can adopt them busy right
now
sorry would I rather poop spiders or pee
worms
I choose none of the above just that's
all what's your blanket it's a blanket
that I wanted a white
but last year my cousin Stephanie's
Christmas party yeah I'm really good at
what elephant cuz I get my prize and
then I hide it and so people forget that
I got it and no one can steal it from me
oh I love Christmas I love white
elephant I love my family my family's
fantastic it is why I love Christmas so
much because I get to see my family
constantly because it's always Christmas
parties happening and like oh I gotta go
to Santa Barbara
oh gotta go meet up with these people
and I get to see all of my family all
the time I'm obsessed with them there's
such great people like it's awesome I
get to hang out with awesome human
beings I'd love it do-do-do-do-do-do
Jaclyn says my homecoming game was
canceled because the other team
forfeited how mad would you be I mean
that is so if you are you like a public
school and like it's your homecoming
football game is I'm talking about this
homecoming game could be a lot of
different things but usually it means
football games that is really freakin
lame for a high school football team to
forfeit a game that that's like some
sore loser ish because when I played
football like football and people would
forfeit our games we would be mad like
we want to play then we came to play
sorry you knew you were gonna lose but
like let at least try but before fitting
is kind of really lame like just try
your hardest this way come on people
people are saying yeah my family is
great angles they are I'm obsessed with
all of them oh can you tell us
spider on the toilet paper yes Anna uh
Anna mins so I was that cursor and
Jessica's yesterday hanging out and I
went to the bathroom and I just went for
the toilet paper and then there was just
a spider on it and it was a tiny little
spider but spider nonetheless and I
almost like I truly could have just not
seen it because who really looks at the
toilet paper with a grab the toilet
paper just randomly I decided to look
and there was a little spider on it and
I freaked and freaked out and stuff but
that there was just a tiny little spider
and I totally almost grabbed it and
wiped my machine with it but that's all
that's all it wasn't very exciting but
there was a spider and it could have
gone in my vagina does anyone else have
that fear like one time I was peeing and
I got up to flush and when I flushed I
saw a spider in the toilet and it got
flushed out of my that could have
crawled up holes that like that could
have come out of the toilet and crawled
up any of the holes that wanted to like
that is disgusting I'm so I hate spiders
I hate them I hate him and I hate the
fact that and the fact that they like
you knew you probably swallowed seven
spiders in your lifetime and like what
no I don't want it never get it out
that's all Natalie says via snapchat
filter for Halloween I feel like it's
gonna be overdone I need something like
original something non basic that's not
an insult to anyone that does that I
just feel like if I'm gonna do it and I
go all out can you have a huge sleepover
with all your Twitter Queens I don't
have enough space also I don't just I
just don't have enough space for a
slumber party guys I'm sorry I mean we
could probably have an all-night
livestream one night dad be fun like a
Saturday at Rachel's where it's
literally
all night like we started that for me
like 9 p.m. and then just go all night
that'd be fun I mean for me I don't know
if you guys would be nice here something
like Rachel we like our sleep I
understand but I think with anyway I
that might be fun anybody be interested
in that like just a 9 10 hour livestream
I'd run out of things to say for sure
like it would be the most boring thing
ever you'd see my actual not that you
don't see my actual life but you see all
the unedited non entertaining parts of
my life that would actually be kind of
fun I'm kinda into that like cuz I can't
a real silver party with you guys but
like that's that's a good slumber party
no I'm getting our little PJs watch
movies eat popcorn I mean I need popcorn
I know you guys would be my something
else but I'm totally into that idea I
want to see it's like one day I can do
that if you guys want it because
obviously I'm not gonna do it it's like
now it's like Rachel that's stupid uh
I'm getting some good reactions for it
now people are saying I should be a
watermelon probably screw yo too soon
man too soon tell us about your bracelet
oh this old thing it's not old actually
just got it yesterday I'm sure you guys
know about girl love that Lily's doing
she created
she went over and she words I'm not
fighting them buying the bracelet I said
it so well on my Instagram post these
bracelets
I think the $15 each and they women if
Kenya make them and so buying them
employs them and then gives the money to
be able to get an education and Lily's
working with them and she helped design
this bracelet I'm pretty sure and anyway
it's we org slash girl love and yeah
it's a really great cause that Lily's
doing right now
aka superwoman so I mean her Twitter or
all four things have stuff all over it
my Instagram has a post of it so if you
want more information you can't but it's
really cool cause I'm like I know this
is terrible me to say but do you ever
feel like when you like have a grocery
store or like there's people outside of
stores or whatever they're like give
money for this I'm like I don't know if
I can believe you that this is the thing
like I want to help all the times but
like I don't know if this is because
there's a lot of charity foundations
that you give $10 to help feed people or
do whatever and only that that only 50
cents of that actually goes to good use
the rest of it is just paying people to
work for the charity whatever um I don't
know I'm this is terrible for me to say
but sometimes I don't but I know because
like Lily's a friend and she's you know
working with this and this is actually
thing that all of the money goes to help
women of Kenya so yeah so I'm actually
really passionate about this like when I
can no more and I know people that are
like personally working with the project
so I can actually like I trust it
because there are a lot of terrible
people in the world that will take your
money when you're trying to do something
good and they'll take advantage of that
so I'm skeptical about people which is
parable with me but it happens so this I
know was real and I'm happy about that
anyway we org slash girl love and the
cute it can be a necklace and anklet or
a bracelet I use mine has a hand thing
Brooke wants to know if I can yell at
her not right now Brooke but I'm sure
you deserve some some yelling later I
don't know why but everyone deserves a
little kick in the butt sometimes now I
know one deserves to be yelled at though
no one ever deserves to be yelled at but
can I speak French or Spanish no be a
book for Halloween what book
Facebook run face book came out and then
people will just write book on their
forehead and it was a face book all
right I'm signing off in like three
minutes to give my random meal of the
day at four
I eat meals that random times you'll get
over it so I'm gonna start say goodbye
now because it usually takes me about a
good ten minutes actually sign off
thousand it actually got on here then
they get I didn't give you any warning
that I was live streaming so I'm glad
y'all figured it out and some of you
could stop by sorry if you weren't here
for the liveness of the live stream and
you're just watching it later that's my
bad uh so I love you guys people are
gonna be great costume ideas keep
sending them I love it
alright sorry do I have anything else to
say I don't think anything else to say
I'm not doing a poll for the Learning
send a video because I already filmed
half it and I know what I'm doing and
you guys just need to learn it whether
you want to or not it's something you
all need to know how to do in life
so I'm just doing it so I'm not gonna do
that cuz sometimes you guys just need to
learn things whether you want to or not
you need to know how to do it so la plus
has to do with a car and I found a car
that they needed to be done on so it was
a great opportunity for me to do it then
because it needed yeah
I'll explain it in the video all right
but I'm signing off now thanks for
hanging out it was a quick little
hangout but we got our Saturday hanging
out in there guys I love you it's good
to see your faces I didn't see your
faces that was a complete lie it was
good to see your tweets you can send me
pictures of your faces so then that
won't be a lie okay I love you guys and
I'll try and post a vlog this week and
if I don't then I will see you on
Saturday cool hopefully no promises but
I'm gonna try tweet me on Saturday so I
remember okay okay I love you guys
