hi a my life I think I am sweet what did
I say too much likely this was I already
forgot what I decided this is hangout
sets what what's my hashtag guys
livestream
what did I say it was hangout at
Rachel's on Saturday what did I say no
fine ma'am oh no I don't want to hear me
Saturday at Rachel's that's what I
decided it was Saturday at Rachel's okay
hashtag Rachel's I can spell I am
spelled Saturday wrong three making
deals with the devil hey guys how are
you doing how's everybody today I didn't
have a vlog to post so I thought I just
hang out with you guys instead um so
that's what we're doing so use hashtag
Saturday at Rachel's to tweet me stuff
and then we'll chitchat like normal good
great um did you do I should look at my
own hashtag hashtag Saturday Rachel's
got one person Cleo class she says hi
Rachel
what's up oh my god is the devil
why am I not getting the tweets there it
is okay so great all of four people are
here
hey four people know me I think your
name was ask how I'm doing I'm doing
pretty good
woke up watch some YouTube videos drink
some coffee
that made me some salmon I went picked
up my mug from
Color Me Mine and now I'm here
livestream with you guys pretty
uneventful morning but it's been pretty
good most afternoon now Amy D says she's
writing a song better be about me or
also was look alright people are sending
me ugly pictures of meat listen I'm not
my sister I did not ask to see ugly
pictures of me or my makeup okay thank
you
she loves torturing herself
uh Addison asked what my greatest
accomplishment is getting tweeted at by
the rock mm yeah that's about it that's
that's the one that right there is it
are you Kayla ass I'm trying really hard
to see your guys names before I answer
the questions just so you although I'm
struggling but it's happening till I ask
are you gonna get the iPhone 7 uh well I
don't get a free upgrade year I was
dingy as a
Wow did I just wear my channel I'm sorry
I don't buy the new phones right when
they're out I wait until I get a free
upgrade because I'm cheap so I don't
know I think I have another year until I
get a new phone and by then it's gonna
be like the iPhone 7s because they
always do the freaking S version so
everything I'm like why wasn't the
original version of the phone just the
best version and why do you have to add
the S just so will pay more later I see
you Apple I see you um but so I don't
mean Oh get I'll get whatever phone is
out when I get my free upgrade in the
year but I am very angry about the whole
no headphone jack because I ruined time
had earphones that plugged into my
computer and then I always walk away
with them attack
- me and my computer almost fell off my
desk like 20 different times and then
finally I got Bluetooth headphones and
they worked great for like six months
and now all of a sudden they're started
glitching and you can't hear anything
and I just don't want to spend $300 on
headphones that are gonna start failing
in six months so uh and they were good
headphones - I got like the really nice
those ones and then that looked into it
knowing oh yeah boasts an Apple don't
could work together very well migrate
neat so I have to only buy the Apple
headphones which I don't like I don't
like the ear buds I don't like things in
my ears except two tips of my fingers so
let's struggle bus for me I'm looking
thrilled Twitter I'm gonna throw clunk
I'm walking along a lot of berthed water
are you obsessed with side to side by
Ariana like me well Serena mr. mee I
don't know how obsessed you are no way
to gauge that but I am obsessed with it
I really like it I put it on quite often
and since I'm the stationary bike you
know that's what I put on when I start
to ride it's smelling with me ah TIFF I
don't want to do your homework for you
right now I'm sorry it's just not in me
it's Saturday
I mean good for you doing homework on a
Saturday that's great but me I don't
feel like doing your homework on a
Saturday Morgan said she cancelled all
her plans it's evening so she could
watch this so I'm supposed to feel
special I do feel special but don't
cancel on plans I listen you will watch
this later if you got plans like
important things hey I wanted I'm
flattered Georgia wants to know what I'm
craving a big popsicle like you guys I
don't know if you remember my hand
motions are about to be gross like they
were a popsicle that we're like
perfectly circle and then flat on the
top and they were about movement there
about this big and there were or like
swirly orange and yellow I want one of
those like big pops big popsicles I
forgot what they're called but they were
huge and they were delicious I want one
of those right now I just went on a walk
and I got really hot so I hate silence
so when I'm reading through your tweets
I feel like I have to make noise so that
there's not silence do so
mmm Ricky said this will you see this
tweet yes and would you come in and seal
it again I hope so I really liked it
there thought it was gorgeous if you
guys okay I had some pizza there there
was like pumpkin on it and it was like
goat cheese and all this weird things
that I'd never thought to put on a pizza
and it was freaking delicious
and I want that pizza again so I might
come back to New Zealand just for that
pizza that's all what song makes you
cringe Amy asked me this ah there I
don't remember what it's called it's
something I think it's like the one or
it's like body in the trunk thumping in
the truck body in the truck that song I
think that's the one it is you're like
what Rachel's slice of the trunk anyway
there's a part where this person just
starts rapping in the middle of it and
the rap doesn't ride a single bit it's
the war singing the road my haunted
house it does have to go to producers
the record label anybody at your common
sense like how does anybody listen to
this rap like you don't know like Nicki
Minaj will break it down in Ariana song
or whatever hit this rapper did not
break it down he was just saying words
and none of them rhymes it didn't even
slow it didn't go with the beat anyway
it's a really old songs from like the
early 2000s I got any of you know it but
and I don't you know if that's the song
but I hate it and every time I listen to
it it may
me angry inside Mike I could rap better
than that and I know I'm not good at
rapping I just scrolled sometime I've
gotten butcher your name
Michele anyway you asked me about the
Petroski yet that is the iOS 10 update I
have not updated my phone it hasn't even
given me the option to update my phone
yet um so I haven't done it but from
what I've heard no one likes it like
zero people like it apparently
everything looks weird and I saw this
amazing meal of I don't know how to
explain it it was spongebob like being
normal which was the normal iPhone
before the update and then it was you
know when he gets sometimes circular
cookie cut it his edges go away
SpongeBob's - and he's like acting like
a little kid that that's what people
have compared the new update to just not
a good version and doesn't look right so
I thought that was pretty funny so see
ya update I haven't done it but it
doesn't look nice to me I don't think I
like it
but again in one month all of us we're
gonna forget with the old phone looked
like and we won't have a problem with
the new update that's just how it works
everything changes and everyone forgets
about the old thing because that's how
technology and internet work and you
just gotta get used to it everyone's
telling me to pronounce their names
listen no I'm gonna butcher them it's me
Lydia I says have you ever had a milky
way Frappuccino no a milky way
Frappuccino you know what I'm not the
biggest fan of Milky Way's I need a
crunch to my candies I really like a
good crunch I said this before when I'm
trying like candies
you're up and stuff none of them had
like a crunch I want to work I want to
chew for my candy burn like one calorie
while eating the entire candy bar
so Milky Way still do for me crunch
they're just like puffy and I know a lot
of people like fluffy they don't like
fluffy unless it's a cat or a dog but I
like the fluffy okay Evie or Evie I
don't know how you say your name but you
said your hiccup method method is fake
and I can't stop hiccupping Rachel false
line hiccup method is not fake you are
probably just doing it wrong plug all
the holes and sip for like 30 seconds
straight how dare you say my pickup
method is fake it is helped tens of
people tens of 20s of people it always
works for me so you're probably doing it
wrong or you're not human
those are my two assumptions huh Julieta
says how do you see every single tweet
share your secrets please I don't think
I see every single tweet I see a lot of
tweets uh I constantly just on Twitter
and I scroll through until I see the
same thing that I saw earlier um I'm
sure on this stuff obviously but I'm
just always on Twitter you guys think
I'm not like you'll be like Rachel wake
up it's 1:00 p.m.
I don't wait since 9:00 I just haven't
done anything on Twitter of just seeing
you guys on Twitter so I like to see
everything I like to know what you guys
are thinking especially when you don't
think I'm watching I like to be a little
shady uh Ellie says do you shave your
upper lip curious because you said you
don't like hair in your body
um I used to wax it I used to write well
first I bleached it when I was like 14
or 15 I started bleaching it and then I
started using Nair on it and then I
started waxing it and then I got laser
hair removal done on it cut my stache
has cut through a lot but it won't go
away there's still a few
and in between my sessions for laser
hair removal I did have to shave it
you're supposed to shave but not wax so
use there or anything so I did shave it
like a few times in between laser hair
removal but I'm done with my sessions
but there's still like three hairs that
show up so I'm going to go back to
waxing is the best option but no I don't
shave it because shaving makes stuff
come back every day I do shave my
armpits even though I got those laser
hair removal laser hair removal work
them some parts of my body but not other
but I shave my arms or my legs every day
so he says Christmas isn't 99 days how
do you feel is it I don't think it's 99
days I don't think that's is it right is
that that's not right that's really I
have no idea if it is what it was not
did you trick me I just feel like I was
at my mom's the other day and she has a
Christmas countdown and it was like way
above that
maybe but countdown was wrong who knows
that woman Kluber oh my gosh nail in
Jackson oh I sorry I butchered that name
she said she found out my picture from
famous birthdays okay so if you watched
my last Rachel's rooms you'll know or if
you been to this several times famous
birthday celebrity famous birthdays
website whatever has the ugliest picture
of my face as my freaking birthday thing
and it's like one of the top pictures
that comes up on Google and someone just
found weird that picture is from and
it's not even a picture of just me it's
a picture of Miranda my sister holding
up like the neck swords and neck
contraption a live show and I'm standing
behind her they had to drop a lot out to
make that my picture there is no way
anyone that doesn't hate me went through
these and was like oh that's the picture
I would like that that was me cuz this
is a picture that should not know how
did they go through pictures and be like
that's the profile picture we want
it's like a shoes picture I might weigh
them back huh um Laura wants me to do an
Australian accent I can't I can't do
Australian adults holla beside names
holla I don't never know
teaches about football sometime because
I know how much you want to talk about
it and I don't get it
listen I've tried so many times to put
in the sunday learning pools how
American football works and no one ever
wants to learn it and I've accepted it
I'm done trying to try and teach you
guys that oh by the way I don't know
what you probably sweep that out I was
thinking about doing the effects of the
alcohol in the body just because that
was close in the polls last week with
how babies are made you guys like that I
said a really long time
all those frickin animations that was
that was ridiculous of me but I was
having fun doing it I hope it
entertained you guys I try and make
those things as entertaining as possible
but I don't know but yeah I'll tweet out
later what if so you guys can pull what
you want to learn except to film that
later tonight but you guys can give me
ideas right now of what you want to
learn on Sunday tomorrow um yeah and
it's I don't like doing broad things
like how not to procrastinate because
it's different for every person I like
doing more of like cut and dry science
or you know normal everyday things that
people should learn but don't know um
yeah so that's that Daniel asked me if I
want to learn a dutch if I'd like to
learn Dutch uh yeah but I I don't know
how to speak anything other than English
but I don't even know that one well
Julie wants to learn how to use Final
Cut Pro
that app that a Final Cut Pro is
expensive so I feel like a lot of people
don't
couldn't relate to that because it's
like 300 bucks and so only people that
are really hardcore about like filming
and editing would use it and I think
iMovie is way more common because it's
just on iMac on anything Mac related but
I don't remember how to use iMovie and I
don't I think I deleted it from my
computer
oh so final cry while it's very
confusing I feel like not a lot of
people use it
okay now everyone's just tweeting me the
freakin famous birthday picture
silence learn how to so I could maybe do
that one
she just had a dougie that's not a real
thing people shouldn't know how to do
that why you have to be neat other
pictures of me I'm not my sister I don't
want to see that can you put up as much
makeup as you can on I don't want to
waste me that's expensive
that's something so expensive I don't
want to do that the hundred layer things
I was thinking about doing something I'm
gonna do a hundred layers of anything
just cuz like no matter what it is
didn't mess or a waste just too much too
much for me Jess wants to know I've ever
been pulled over yeah
I've been pulled over I've had a lot we
don't need to talk about it yes yes I
have Sabrina wants to know my thoughts
on the YouTube app update I don't really
use it I think I've used the YouTube app
like twice in my life and they also made
a separate creator YouTube acts and so
that's the one I have used like the
regular YouTube app I don't really use I
just go like like Safari or whatever is
on my phone if I need to look at a video
but I'm usually within the reach of a
laptop wherever I am so if I need to get
on the internet that's what I do
Oh Janice listen oh well name my dog if
I get one I really want to name a dog
banana that's just what I really want
but it's too many syllables a dog needs
to be one or two syllables but I anis
too many um but I want to name it
something weird like that because I may
get a massive dog and I think it'd be
funny if it had like a ridiculous thing
weirds not tough name so I don't know I
don't like the make peach why am I so
obsessed with the fruit and then cuz
fruits like usually associated with like
cute and happy and sweet Oh cuz you're
sweet maybe that's why but yeah I don't
know I really like the name banana but I
don't think it's gonna happen it's too
many syllables cuz like when of dogs
running away when we will scream its
name in like point one second but bunny
and it takes a really long time sesh and
I can't I don't know did you have Ryan
once Ryan pence what's to know did I
have fun DMing people yeah yes two days
ago I spent like all day just DMing
people and I'm not gonna lie my pinkies
are at the yet because when I type I
keep my pinkies up don't ask me why I
never took the typing class it's just
how I taught myself and I always keep my
pinkies up except every once in a while
I'll use my right pinky so at the end of
the day my pinkies are so sore for being
in this position I was like cracking of
every five seconds but I had a lot of
fun do you Google sorry if I miss people
I didn't think that many people would
tweet out of a video I so under
estimated you guys is awesomeness and
that's my bad but if I miss you guys
apologies seriously I feel best someone
just said American football is so bad
shut your face thank you for that
shedding on the face ho Sierra just see
right yeah jenna Marbles has a dog named
peach I forgot about that but it's like
pshh they always felt they don't really
actually think peach never-say-die pshh
maybe it's Fela weird why do people
still want people to dab I don't get it
it's over isn't that is
because the new dance move hasn't come
up yet can someone else make a new dance
move so the dad kind of goes away it's
old sorry
Oh God why I'm not gonna tell you what I
just saw on my timeline because you all
are pumps and you'll tweet me what I
just saw but I just saw something scary
in my timeline I didn't now I want to
see it and that was mean of you I don't
know I'm going to scroll up to see who
did it I'm gonna eat you Nick you see
what Colleen just tweeted just now no
I've been busy talking to you guys
what'd she say don't answer that
I'll go see myself let's go stop people
on Twitter shall we just click on her
name she's already tagging something
holy industry hey mister father rumor oh
and I would cornrow your hair and you
would leave it in for like a month
Saturdays at Rachel's yes Colleen I
could I tweet I Instagram that picture
today so thank you bringing it up and
just love you love you to pieces
sorry text messages um Colleen just came
up with a good bit of your idea and
texted it to me so huh in your faces you
guys don't get to know what it is right
now but you'll see it hopefully within
the next couple of weeks
oh she comes home but she's gonna be in
town for so many of the days sorry I'm
very used to never seeing her like she's
never in town and she's off being
amazing and doing all these talented
things but I never get to see her and so
usually like seriously over the past
like six months I've hung out with her
more out of California than in
California like going to Europe or
Canada or wherever that she's been um I
see her more there she's out of the
country than in the country but I'm
really excited she's gonna be
and I get to see my sister I'm very
excited for it all okay
people stop 20 pictures of myself I get
it
that's a face Joanna says run 100 laps
no I'm the worst runner in the world and
my knee doctor says I'm not allowed to
run anymore I'm like oh darn it cipo I'm
not allowed to medical reasons
oh man if only I had that back why did
PE for those two years huh all right
you're allowed to tweet me pictures of
dogs I always love that okay now
everyone sending me the cornrow picture
I see such bums
Mia asked me my favorite types of tweets
um it's my favorite type that I tweet my
favorite type I'd like to tweet out was
that English did that make sense
um whenever I'm woody I cream that's
everyone's got a favorite tweet right
whatever I like I get really proud of
myself if I tweet up something earlier
to blur witty I'm like yes finally did
something right but um I am obsessed
with the gabbie show her Twitter I think
her Twitter is larious that one I'm
obsessed with I think all of her tweets
are funny come on guys tweet me stuff
let's hang out where my house on a
Saturday
Sierra says her birthday's tomorrow
happy birthday tomorrow Sierra I don't
really believe you
everyone says our birthdays so Melissa
asks can i wink at her uh
and Rocio rimless but trying everything
are you excited for Halloween
no never excited for Halloween sorry I
was when I was doing people two days ago
I got that's it fake fight with someone
about what was better Christmas or
Halloween I think I did her back more
than anyone else because we are in a
legitimate argument oh it was good
though I just I don't I'm only not
amazing like when I was a kid I wasn't
like I celebrate it then I was like
junior high and high school I started
trick-or-treating but everyone's like Oh
give me the candy but I mean I can dress
up and the weird costumes whatever I
want and I can't trick-or-treat candy
anymore and so I get what I get people
like it and that's cool it's just it's
not my favorite have you sent the pencil
holder yet now here's the thing I have
to send these out oops
I'm sending these out on Monday and then
this leaf someone still is yet to win it
I've been seeing the tweets though I
liked it I think again yep case you
missed it last Tuesday they ended
I made a candleholder thing but I didn't
want to give it away sexers really liked
it so I'm giving away this licked leaf
because I'm conceited oh I dropped it
but I'm saying look actually I'll send
all of those on Tuesday so that I've got
the pencil holder and the change
shoulder and the leaf will all go up on
Tuesday it's my plan
Oh soapy was someone I was talking about
addy oh yes I was somewhat I'm good deep
what what did I get deep I don't get
deep that's not me
do you ever just so I'm not gonna snitch
my face even it was my AG Oh what
activities did your mom put you in when
you were a kid
I just asked me this ah hi whatever we
showed interest in we got to do like
Christopher showed an interest in magic
so he did that trumps all about video
games : was in the scene in theatre I
was into sports so I did t-ball softball
soccer basketball and then once I
started acting like I was in the theater
I started doing theater um I never did
any dance nope but it was just whatever
we want to do my parents are like okay
as long as doesn't cost us $12,000 you
can do it oh hey I had a cousin though
that literally did everything on the
planet her mom put her in like every
dance class every sport every everything
and I don't know how she functioned she
was constantly doing stuff I didn't get
it I don't think she's really into any
of it but she just like had to do it so
mom kept putting her and stuff good to
do to do what colors
my hair that's my hair Abigail wants to
know her hair is currently brown I don't
know it's pretty dark picture you should
get some light in your room the bottom
layer is all different colors and it's a
rainbow all down here is like Franco and
then the top is still just brown and
them so it's the color mullet I love it
you should do that please and thank you
Haley also my favorite show is right now
I just started watching Atlanta it's a
new show it's like three episodes or
four episodes right now that's all
that's out but I really like it and I
think it's cool that's all I have for
you it's brand new should I like it Tara
Tara Tory I tried your hiccup trick
trick at Chipotle and I laughed so hard
water came out my nose why did you laugh
when doing the hiccup trick come on
that's I hate when things go out Rose
like I know I'm a nose thing I could
never do cocaine because I don't want
ever sniff it among other reasons why
all that residue cocaine but like even
like those Nosal nasal spray I don't
want things who are those I hate I still
to this day plug my nose I'm going over
the water what going under water because
I hate when water gets up on those it
just doesn't feel right like I know how
to blow water I know how to go under
water without holding my nose but I'm
like safety measures are just in case so
I mean I don't swim like this but what
I'm like jumping in I'm 100% plug in my
nose cuz I don't want there to even be a
little chance of water getting up there
it doesn't feel good I don't like it
okay we're trending in Ireland yeah yeah
people just sending me pictures of their
cute little doggies I love dog you so
much I saw a tweet and I loved it and I
repeat it because I think it's hilarious
it was it was like dog and then it's
nothing me I will die for you
thanks literally don't do anything and
like we're obsessed with them that's it
I don't know we I am I'm the shirts you
guys majority if you are uh Alex wants
to know can I do a British accent not
well not Kayla says I'm in Canada where
we don't have homecoming will you please
explain why are you referring to
homecoming uh that if I'm not mistaken
is the dance that schools usually have
like high schools usually have like
right after school and I start it like a
months at this school is that correct
cuz like is it or is it I don't know
yeah know that it is a dance that
schools have I think I went to like one
of them no I did wait I had a boyfriend
for a second did we I don't remember I
think I went to one of them that is a
dance that schools usually have I think
some at the beginning of the year but I
think that's one of this and it's just a
dance of school dance no big deal just
the name of a dance like prom or winter
formal that was when we had winter
formals I went to let her borrow once
someone just Sarah just sent me a
picture at socks on this and it's
Miranda stepping on her head what is the
world wide don't repeat that picture
please people that's that's not nice
that's you've got a footprint on your
head now probably ruin her makeup shoe
cabbie says I'm sad cheer me up
I'm live streaming what more do you want
from me I'm trying here people love you
Amy wants to know where Matt is right
now in the other room sounds like he's
either listening to music or playing his
new basketball video game oh I know I
heard him in the kitchen I don't know
he's somewhere else he's doing something
he cleaned the entire department today
well I did nothing so that was great
Emily says do you have any upcoming
projects you can drop hints about no you
don't know - which part I said that -
can I drop hints or do I have any
projects no Emily Robertson says Rachel
this is difficult I need you to answer
there is likes you and then she
screenshot it like 60 questions she's
asked me what which one do you need
answers to you tweeted me like 60
questions can you tell us more about the
bowl in the background this bowl I made
it
you should watch my video on it don't
know what the video is called but I made
that and it's videoed there's no other
Bowl right
beaver dry shave it wasn't worse things
it wasn't the worst thing you've ever
done
yes I'm dry shaved and I regret it
immediately I never did it again dry
shaving for those of you don't know that
it's just like taking a razor you're dry
everything not even in the shower you
shave
what's the normal thing people shave you
just shave and then you get razor burn
from it it's the worst okay that's a two
of your questions on to other people I'm
trying to read some of your tweets I'm
sorry my English it's so much difficult
sorry though I love you guys but just
type a little slower and maybe I can
read it
stop do we didn't mean the picture of me
in the celebrity birthday sure I hate
all of you what color is your shirt
beige or peach or grey I'm confused
well Sam I think it's like a pinkish but
a faded pink purple pink beige pink I
don't know I don't
I don't know uh Carla said I need
science fair ideas I don't know I
haven't I've never been good at science
fairs what I don't understand the point
of it are you are you supposed to come
up with a new experiment and like this
new profound way of life for you just
demonstrating something that's already
been proven cuz that doesn't know oh I
will tell you what I did in seventh
grade it was it was called paper plastic
and my dad and I did an experiment
meaning my dad did an experiment uh
which held that more um paper bags or
plastic bags you get from the grocery
store like which one was stronger
actually the paper bag lasted longer
because we just put a scoop of sand and
each and then whichever one broke first
lost the experiment I don't know like it
was a competition but the paper one
actually lasted longer than the last but
plastic one which was surprising but
because I don't think that's true
it was the paper one had handles on it
that's how we demonstrated it but I
think one like you're moving I'm about
like walk in cuz apparently walks like
this the paper one usually breaks first
right so I think my experiment was
flawed but I was 13 so whatever I think
I got an A on it doesn't matter
oh man you do not miss report cards uh I
just thought back to I had that moment
where I thought back to you wanting to
open up a frickin report card and like
there's just the stress I I got pretty
good grades but there's always like one
class that bugged me to bug the crap out
of me I always I always knew that was
just gonna ruin it I could get eight
pluses and all the other classes but
then well that one class we always haunt
me but my parents always knew I was
trying my hardest so I never got trouble
if I didn't get an A and they were cool
grace is going to sleep night grace
summer it wants to know if I like one
direction huh some of their songs are
catchy but I'm not a I'm not a 1d fan
how many Jessi once know how many takes
tank tops do I own so many so many tank
tops just ridiculous amounts I get
really bad sweat pits so I just wear
tanks because I don't want to deal with
it so that's what I do
I did you know I thought about this but
I don't think I'll actually do it you
can put if you inject Botox into your
armpits you won't get sweat it's for
like three months because apparently
they could Botox to wear off I don't
know much about Botox but apparently it
like wears off and then the sweat comes
back but like for three months like so
if you get at the beginning of summer
you won't sweat in your armpits for like
the whole summer and I'm like well I
just for takes all summer subtly matter
I'd rather get it during like the winter
when I have to wear sleeves and long
sleeves and put a jacket over it and
then when I come inside someone's house
when I go inside someone's house I take
off my jacket and then I'm like hot cuz
it's in a house I'm still wearing a long
sleeve because I was outside and then I
start getting sweatpants that's what I
think the Botox would come in handy I
don't think I'll ever do it but I just
it's nice to know that that option thing
is this that's all
are you excited for a Lilly's new book
90s - yes I am how to be a boss I would
love to know how to be a mouse Zoe says
she's responsible for the watermelon
incident Zoe you're the reason I still I
have stars with my fingers from that
still to this day actually just this one
like it still doesn't heal frickin
watermelon frickin so nice for us
Ilana asked what my mom's new buddy is
called the bunny's name is bunny boy
very original yes I was again the bunny
on my Instagram a few days ago is that -
my mom's but we are best friends now
it's actually going that shows bunnies
that plagued Ashley the same this wants
to know will you ever do another slimed
yeah DIY I've done somebody is it not
kind of like repetitive to do another
one I mean I love playing with slime
don't get me wrong I'll probably do it
on my own but for a video I don't know
someone just Sarina just tweeted me do
you recognize this girl and it's a
picture of Rachel Ballinger at the model
slash supermodel
I still haven't established to which one
she is I think she's a supermodel
Jordan says just read my tweet out loud
already girl girl I did just now calm
down
people get so mad at me if you tweeted
me something interesting maybe that I'd
read it out loud
burn in your face I was really sorry
you promised we to say something
interesting I just agreed it Steven
wants to know favorite city you've ever
been in I don't know I don't I really
like that one mm I really like all of
Scotland Amsterdam is cool in Ohio
really grandpa in Ohio there's one city
that had chocolate martini bar and it
was freaking delicious and I liked that
town because of the chocolate martini
bar that's all go clean my hands there
were just chocolate martinis and it was
the most delicious and they had things
like the Butterfinger chocolate martini
we that was so delicious there's like
one other bar they have one of us in
like some other place and we found it
and we freaked out over it those little
things the lights just the little things
but I like New York like I don't like
saying sorry whoops
I like Dora Cali don't like San
Francisco it's too cuddly to me hills
I'm not for it I like a good flat rash
they want to smell like sassy dance I
did a few sassy dances michaleen I
haven't done them in a while
Shanna so she's running out of things to
tweet me well I'm sorry
I'm sorry does that mean I should end
this I have been live streaming for 45
minutes I am this guy's into the live
stream I think I've not really done much
to entertain you guys click on the wrong
thing
so I might sign up right soon just cuz
I've done much I'm kind of hungry even
though I had some amazing salmon rising
kale for lunch
it's been like three hours since then so
that means another meal time meal time
is the best still and asked what time is
it where you are it's 3:47 p.m. standard
for specific time Pacific Standard Time
that's the one stamp - Civic standard
times I love clean retinol I said your
name wrong and it my name was in your
name and I still said it wrong I love
Rachel and clean high five high five
do you guys ever do the thing sorry I
did the thing where I read I saw what
your thing is I love Rachel and clean
but I've read it in my brain and then
I've started reading it out loud and in
my brain in my how I always say is clean
Rachel and how it like it's mom and dad
it's never dad and mom do you guys it's
Christopher and Jessica I never see
Jessica and Chris Rado is Christopher
and Jessica's like do you guys ever have
it where there's a group of two people
and you always say their name in a
certain order like there is a certain
order like for me it's always mom and
dad it's never dad and mom like ever and
I don't know why but that's just what it
is like all great there's a group of
people I always say to me one way like
their names in order like there's a
there's an order and when people say
with no different order it breaks me out
like I always say : Rachel I it's often
see people saying Coulee and Rachel
summer Rachel and Colleen so when I read
I love Rachel clean my brain decided to
switch
I love cooling and Rachel because that's
what my brain is used to I'm not making
any sense whatsoever I might just be
freaking crazy but I thought I'd share
my little thing with you guys and now I
have someone just said I was a cute baby
I wasn't cute baby conceited I said
someone's name wrong listen I butcher
all the names and you spelled your name
it was I said it I know I said your name
is Sierra
but that cuz I had a friend whose name
was Sierra and she spelled it like that
I don't know how to see our I don't know
how you say your name
Sierra mrs. clean right Sierra how do
you say your name there's only like two
it whatever good butcher it no questions
I don't know I'm getting so bad I'm very
well aware that I do this often huh
where'd you guys find these pictures I
need to like private my facebook shoe
there's too much stuff I've been on
Facebook too long things that happen on
the internet never go away they always
stay and asses are still an eighteen
percent of guys that are subscribed to
you I think so I can check like I can
see who like what gender watches me the
most what countries watch me the most
and a few other things but let's see
analytics let's see who which one person
of genders like me or watch me what is
this why YouTube okay you two you guys
don't know this part of YouTube you
don't know like the behind-the-scenes
stuff but YouTube has like analytics and
like the way to annotate videos they
keep changing stuff and you guys don't
know it's happening that's fine like
it's not a big deal I can have them do
it
- whatever it that's alright but they
keep like they're changing so often I
can't keep up like I have no clue how to
read the statistics now I don't I don't
know what's going on I just they keep
changing things like okay whoa you guys
know that I'd like to end the video end
of every youtubers video they have like
an insulated end card like where it's
like go watch our old video go watch the
next video subscribe you know that that
thing that's on the end of people's
videos where it's like links to
different stuff they you've recently
changed that and they're in the beta
testing for the new version that they're
doing and I was like dang it oh I have
to learn these things so that's why
people's end cards are changing a little
bit
you guys probably didn't know why cause
it's not like YouTube ever announces
anything they just do it and you keep up
with it because probably to know that
that was happening you should say Oh
everyone's creating new in cards cool um
but yeah they're switching the way they
do it and so you can't like I don't know
it's really weird and it didn't work on
some like for some people that were
watching my video that Edgar just didn't
work for our last video if you were
watching it on like Apple TV or
something it didn't work for people on
Apple TV so that was really cool thanks
to you too cuz I look like I'm freaking
idiot cuz like I have I just like a
blank page with pictures of me pointing
to stuff that's not there so yeah but
anyway you love you to pieces but
sometimes they change stuff and just it
doesn't quite work or they didn't quite
explain it hard enough inside no idea
how to do anything huh that's all that's
my rant that's my life I know it's
really tough really hard chess is a mess
says you answer Jess's and you answer
Jessie's come on answer address is a
mess question you didn't ask me question
this whilst answer it you can ask me
anything okay I hate the freaking so it
sent me a picture of those snapchats
where it changes the mouth into the
eyeballs so it's like three tons or
three teeth sets
always just stresses me out Christopher
did when we had a grape in his mouth and
there's so much like little grapes oh it
looks so creepy and bad I hate it okay
everyone stop asking me to pronounce
your name clearly about it now do what
this means funny before it means they
stop bad it stops I just hate it
everyone pronounces their name or spells
it differently
I just Colleen we pronounce the rest of
the world pronounces named Colleen but
my family Travis is Colleen wears a
colander Colleen clean clean clean clean
clean clean clean my Ballinger
Kalimantan Colleen listen I need help in
my life I'm not willing to accept it
when you can't for now your sister zones
go on ah okay the girl I called Sierra
says it's her name spelled Kyra why
would you spell it like that then why
don't we just felt like Sierra and
Sakura it's not your fault it's your
parents they're just a mess
like you guys know teeny Cristina's
Ellen Oh Bentley she got married
keep forgetting she got married even
though it's been forever and I'm
officiated the wedding huh I heard him
is spelled without an H Christina's but
without the age and she's and so she
hates it because people just always
spell her name wrong and it's not her
fault it's not her fault she's given
that
and like my cousin Stephanie is spelled
with an F and not a pH and she's like I
she's like I can spell out my name for
someone and they will still spell it
wrong and I'm like we just talked about
this I'm just like that so mean the
parents - dude the kids like my name is
Rachel it's spelled Rachel it's
pronounced Rachel you can't really get
my name wrong it's Rachel sometimes
people put an A they go RI CH al and
that one that's the weird way this weird
way um but yeah I just I'm glad my
parents named you something that's not
really that's what it is huh alright I
think I'm gonna sign off guys I've sorry
people sometimes tweet me things and if
they send a picture with it and the
picture has absolutely nothing to do
with the tweet and it confuses me it's
like getting tagged on an Instagram
photo that has nothing to do with me
it's just like that someone's daily
selfie that they've tagged me in and I
don't quite understand it or that time
someone tagged me and their tooth
falling outs next I'm like the picture
should go with the captions don't you
think like why the two separate things
two separate tweets two separate posts I
don't get why I'm involved in this
anyway
someone asks for my flowers are doing
they're doing their it's the end of
their blooming season so the blooming
isn't happening but the leaves are still
healthy I had killed them they're just
not blooming as much because that's the
way the seasons go but they're alive and
killin
alright hey someone's a havin a blast I
I actually had a teacher once make fun
of my laugh and I've been extremely
self-conscious about it ever since
yeah douche bag right what douche bag of
a teacher makes fun of a student who
like in high school your Claridge like
you got low self-esteem
it's just high school it's what it is
freakin made fun of my laughs know that
it actually does hurt my feelings and
this is something serious I am getting
beep here guys
he I I've never in my entire life I ever
thought did a second thought about my
last I'm 17 years I went 17 years
without second guessing my laugh at all
and then if you guys notice I often cut
it out of my videos because it I'm so
self-conscious about now this is one
thing I'm actually very self-conscious
about and he said because sometimes okay
sometimes when people say something
funny I left this that's how I laugh
it's and he was like he said something
funny in class and I laughed because it
was funny
he's a funny teacher and he goes you
know what you're wise mine's me but
people to play handball the sound of the
hitting the ball and I just like got why
and everyone started laughing at me and
like the entire class just started
laughing at me and I just like sweet
cool thanks man because that's my
natural laugh that's not like something
I made up it's like no that's how I
laugh and so since that day I've always
been extremely self-conscious in my
laugh and sometimes I will consciously
laugh differently when I think
something's funny and then it sounds
like they can't think I'm like I really
do think it's funny and I do want to
laugh I'm just self-conscious about it
so ah yeah that's it so out of my videos
and so do you so you all know I had a
douchebag of a teacher who is a douche
bag and he's douche bag thanks man
thanks for like just completely making
me self-conscious about something I
didn't need to be self-conscious about
it
so just remember that guys when you
think that you're just like kind of
making poking fun at someone if it
actually stick with them so it's not
nice yeah sounds like it's like a wheeze
I do it too no see it's not something we
should be afraid of it's not like it's I
know it's not that big of a deal it's a
freaking laugh but like I don't know
that was I just think it was so unless
some of a teacher to do that in front of
a class and have them and laugh along
with the class as they're laughing at me
come on
I'll ruin in one day schnapps I don't
remember his name
ah alright I think that's the end
hey ash are you okay you're really ready
to eat today
wait am I not by not raging deep come on
guys that's just normal me I just like
to get passionate all right so I'm gonna
sign off guys I love you and yes and
wants to know what kind of MacBook she
should get it I like the MacBook Pro I
don't like the air because it doesn't
have enough space on it it is light but
the new MacBook Pros are light as well
so that's all I have to say about that
Mimi so she finally passed away she
remember to end it yeah it was life you
can still watch it though like it's
still living on my channel I'm gonna
delete it um and you still got a
shout-out so not a bad day for you cuz
I'm just all myself
alright that's it I'm I'm going I'm
leaving I love you guys and thanks for
hanging out with me today I was gonna
say we should do is Sunday know
something today it's not even Sunday a
Saturday livestream hangout and I would
like to do that but knowing me I'll
forget I'm the worst I'll try to do it I
think that's fun right Saturday people
are in school I can do it whenever I
want three good day right side of things
martyr thanks little bear I don't know
why I'm drinking water I never drink
water
stay hydrated kids okay this is it this
is it I'm done I love you guys I'll talk
to you later okay bye
