hello all you beautiful people so a few
days ago I told Matthew that cooling has
fall scented Yankee Candles I was really
jealous so he came into my office today
and said hey you want to go to the
Yankee Candle store with me today get
some good smelling candles when I was
ago
romance so that's what I'm gonna go do
so sad we just went to Michael's crafts
to get the candles because Colleen said
that's where the Yankee Candle dark and
they didn't have any and I asked the
people and the guy said oh whoa what
kind of what brand is Yankee Candle
hanky a lot so I don't think I'm getting
Hank hands today I'm very very sad about
it cuz I don't know where else to go
I wanted some good pumpkin apple
cinnamon spice pie smelling candle I'm
very upset about my whole candle ordeal
I was like gonna do this sniffing
montage I had it's like idea planned out
and I really wanted my apartment to
smell like fall now it's over my life
has been ruined there's no point in
continuing that's the end of it uh I'm
uploading the vlog right now and then I
don't know there's a Rams game later so
I'm gonna watch that I'm so upset though
I'm heading back to the craft store
went back to my this crash that's like
my nightmare two trips to a craft store
and one day just live my literal
nightmare I would need to get stuff for
a video that I was there earlier and I
just didn't have an idea yet so I'm
going back and my Rams game starts in a
half hour
no in an hour so I have an hour to back
which is plenty of time because I am NOT
would be the graphs were longer than
that I might decorate for fall because I
saw Colleen's house and it's cutely
decorated and I got a little jealous not
gonna lie about it I think I'm getting a
little too carried away with this whole
thing I mean okay this is going to turn
out well
I just got way too much stuff I got a
bunch of craft stuffs and I don't even
know if I think I'm just gonna do them
without making a video I'm gonna do a
video with one of the crafts but I got
like five different craft things and I
just kind of want to do them by myself
and actually make them look good for my
office
oh man my eyes hurt I need take my
contacts out but I have to film a video
tomorrow I'm going to Santa Barbara so I
have to film and edit everything tonight
and it's 10:30 I just finished watching
the Rams vs. Niners football game it was
bad game this Rams didn't score at all
they didn't get they got zero points
the 49ers got 28 points so it was a
really bad game for me but now I think
I'm gonna decorate my room a little bit
for fall and then I'm gonna fill my
video so instead of filming an actual
video that I need to do for my channel
I'm gonna do this craft thing I didn't
think you'd be a good main channel video
so I'm just doing it here on my blog and
just for my own entertainment I'm gonna
melt crayons on the top of this white
pumpkin and it's gonna lose down and it
supposed to look cool but who actually
knows if it's gonna work so let's try it
shall we
oh well the crayons just fell right off
Oh
gotta figure this out I'm taking a long
time I don't know if it's gonna work
it's kind of working
and I'm very intrigued this is my
finished product it's still wet so I'm
gonna touch it by actually pick a card
turned out pretty cool right I mean like
I like it
you look pretty cool now dry starting
into the other one thank you boom boom
I'm pretty proud of it all right 11:30
at night I have to put on a full face of
makeup thermal craft video whoo I look
like a different human being
Oh makeups on everything set it's time
to film I made a mess finish my craft a
candle holder that should be up tomorrow
go turn off the light and like my little
sound resistant barrier cage thing Wow
look how much different Oh give it light
oh that was my interpretation of good
lighting versus bad lighting anyway I've
got glue all over my fingers I'm gonna
go take off all of my makeup take out my
contacts wash my hands
in one tampon go to bed gotcha
oh me
I love life whoa mr. puppy hello hello
poopie hello hey Bubba hello Bubba yeah
hello bee buddy hear what those are in
here my mom got a rabbit and a guinea
pig to her oh man I haven't heard a
guinea pig in so thank you here's the
bunny - he's in the bathroom bunny but
we can go in there
come here little bunny I see Oh bunny
right normally they come out one we're
talking yeah bunny oh there's the bunny
hi bunny
watch - bunny hi what's your name bunny
boy that's a fun name you're so cute
yeah so hippie I got my teeth cleaned
did I look better I wish we didn't do it
before and after whoops my mommy went
with me as always and i snapchatted her
while she was in the she did but also
you almost got in a fight with the
dental hygienist at the edge don't rip
my kids
it was annelida situation and my mom
just they're doing that thing like oh
did no one tell you you were getting the
more expensive cleaning and your
insurance doesn't cover it and we can
only schedule you for that kind of
cleaning from now on I'm like um no but
I handled it but I thought my mom was
gonna rip someone's head off mom mess
with my kids
anyone Heather yeah I have to go home
and edit and then I think my cousins and
room 7 coming over and teenie Simon
Jackson McKenzie you're coming over
later so you probably see their faces if
you're lucky I found the Campbells just
Bed Bath & Beyond has all the candles I
found a few fragrant booth I dropped one
I found it two fragrances I like for
fall but like you know how you expect to
Bethy on during fall and just have it
like plastered with fall stuff not the
case they have like really things
written regards to fall makes me a
little sad so I'm gonna buy two seven
thing we're gonna head over to Michael's
crafts and see if they have any things
my mom wants to decorate for fall as
well so that's what we are doing right
now but this smells stuff for I got I
got my candles I got two candles that
smell like fall and I'm very excited
about them and my mom got a pillow with
a chicken on it I'll show you her
chicken pillow later trust back there
hey hey
yeah he's hanging out with us today hair
baby
hey come on do tricks monkey tea is here
kind Oh purple in my hair are you doing
that rainbow thing that's like the new
mullet where you put rainbow under here
in your hair and then the top layer is
just like a normal color so when you
colors are in the rainbow all the colors
got purple okay so you're a failed color
mullet yeah also I hate the word mullet
why don't I talk to you it's like the
know thing have you guys seen this it's
like the under closet yeah so so it's
like party underneath business on the
top its Horschel
uh I got two streaks because I thought
that it would make me a cooler person it
does make you look cooler pretty member
you can't Han I see it a little bit it's
not actually a mullet no I'm calling it
a color mullet that's why I hate that I
hate that you're using the Moors mullet
because mullet insinuate that it's awful
in one year you can listen in one year
all gonna look back and be like that was
awful no no no no also here grows hair
grows and you can read I it
okay well let's grow but that takes a
long time you know you just cutting is
cutting the hair I don't understand why
it would be called a mullet I really
shouldn't because it's you're gonna be
full party under hey this is on the
timing though layer color molt's a thing
why is Arkansas hiding because in
America but mullet searches I'm entering
this discussion by mmm my candles lit
I'm home from SP but the start of next
along will be in Santa Barbara because
this is the end of today but I blog
earlier today but that's gonna go in the
next vlog got it great I didn't need to
explain that to you I'm so sorry I'm
closing this out the big guys for
watching I love you and goodbye
