good morning where's my window I
literally just woke up again with my
office and my office window is open that
must have been Matthew or there's some
crazy window opening man that's running
around or woman could be either gender
oh it's Wednesday I have not logged I
this weekend I went and visited Matt's
family I don't want a vlog at all
oh my god I'm closing the window matt
has like this weird thing with windows
being open he loves it and I hate it
I don't just about right oh is that
Matt's family time since we could I do
blobby thing and I'm gonna scare them
and then today my apartment complex is
like we're gonna test the alarms the
fire alarm so randomly after 9:30 you're
gonna hear a fire alarm and then we're
just gonna enter your apartment to make
sure it's working and then we're gonna
leave like this is so straight our home
and then be annoyed by this and then
also today between 1:00 and 6:00
the rec TV will be here I'm so glad they
gave me such a small time slot it makes
it really easy for me to plan my day
between 1:00 and 6:00
I know exactly what I should be home and
it doesn't disrupt anything anyway so
that's my life decided to vlog it I miss
you guys
when I don't vlog I feel not connected
to y'all okay so let's do life
it works hmm no I don't like it and I
can't do anything I have to wait for
them to come a check at the turn it off
oh this is terrible
no no no oh my god I won't stop this is
gonna make me go insane oh I stopped but
no one came in my house they were like
we're gonna open your door to make sure
the alarm is working and no one came in
did they lie to me is it gonna go off
again oh my god if it goes off again I'm
gonna die oh it started again so
annoying
song yet so going I'm making some coffee
and without water my plants but it's
still going no hold on okay so they uh
just came in my apartment to check the
alarm was going up but I'm pretty sure
they have to keep going down and
checking in or else's apartments so I
have a feeling this is going to stay on
for a while and I'm not okay with it
I think is done thank God that was most
annoying thing in my entire life but I'd
literally just felt on absolutely
nothing just fell into the wall good
Brittany good so my body if I don't wash
my hair like I take a shower I shave
everything soap goes all over my body in
a non-sexual manner but I have my hair
up in a bun and I don't wash my hair get
out feeling good feeling fresh you know
live in my life and an hour later my
whole body will just start feeling gross
and oily and it's always done that I'm
like I don't understand you need the
shampoo to hit you body do you need the
conditioner is the oil that's still in
my hair dripping through my body I gotta
understand what's happening I'm sure I
can google it I'm sure there's some
science that explains all of this but I
don't really care
till that happened to me yesterday so
today I was like time to wash my hair so
I washed my hair and I'm like oh I'm so
excited feel fresh and clean all day
long and it happened again
I don't understand it I've washed my
hair wash my body everything's clean why
am I feeling gross I feel sticky
I feel moist like it's not a good
feeling and I don't quite understand
what's happening again a simple Google
search could fix all of this but I
rather just complain to you guys cuz I'm
a great person Matt just left to run
errands so I have the whole house to
myself
doesn't matter am I gonna do anything oh
another thing I wanted to complain about
so we got DirecTV whoa
we ordered DirecTV for the NFL ticket
because we want to watch some football
on our couches in our TV your stint our
house we're tired of going to bars to
watch games that we don't drink that
much anymore also going to bars is just
kind of boring for us so we decided to
order DIRECTV Matt ordered it and
they're like all right we'll be there
Wednesday between one and six we're like
oh that's a big time frame whatever
five hours would thankfully work from
home so it doesn't matter so six of puck
happened and they hadn't showed up it's
Matt call DirecTV and he's like the
person didn't show up or they not
showing up stager
he'll show up the guy will show up he
has until 9:00
and man she's like oh I'm so sorry I
thought the cutoff was six just now I
mean if he's not there by nine which is
very unlikely then he'll be there the
next day for sure Matt was like okay and
so sure enough he didn't show up at all
because what now it's Thursday and
football starts today it's the official
first day of football and thankfully we
have an antenna and the game that is
playing can be watched with the antenna
which is nice but Matt call DirecTV is
like hey can we know when you're coming
and they're like oh yeah too bad so sad
can't get there till Saturday like if
you rip like it's okay that you can't
get here till Saturday if that was the
original time in which you told us so
that's what's going on that's my
complaint first of the problems I'm very
well aware of it but that's all I have
say how water that's melted good my new
toy arrived
I got a stationary bike my new doctor
said that I needs to ride a bike for my
knees like the only cardio am allowed to
do so I got a stationary bike so I'm
very excited to open it first I'm going
to Costco and Target huh so I went to
Costco and Target I didn't feel me of it
because why but I'm putting together my
stationary bike I'm so sure the
instructions real quick it says
according to the following figure
according to you should know your the
instructions it should be just this it
should be according to do you not know
words are you just going based on a
picture what's happening as you can
probably tell from my sweat and anger
isn't the easiest thing to put together
but I'm working on I finished it - Donna
Santa Denton done Donna my vagina's
gonna go on that my hands here and my
feet there and that's how coal works now
it's time to dress it Manila
Maryana day i got me walking
side-to-side I'm tagging to you alright
that's it for this vlog I know sporadic
I know it seems like I never left my
apartment
oh but yeah you don't get over it I love
you guys I'll see you guys later okay
well bye
