the Sun is very bright today
no I pre should save all that herbicide
hey good 7:50 a.m. I'm going over to
idea how the guys are supposed to finish
the floor thanks to the wall that they
took out now I'm gonna keep flooring my
master bedroom while they do that and
then I'm probably gonna start moving a
little bit more stuff over because I
brought over a few boxes last night have
a whole houseful of things to take over
this morning leave me alone so you see
how these ones are a lot lighter than
these ones like you can just you could
see a difference between them these are
the original course it came with the
house and they tore up the wall here and
so they had to patch the floor and they
ordered the right color and then I was
like Oh what you get I want to use that
for the bedrooms so I looked and it said
Republic flooring color Milano and so I
called the place they got it from and I
said hi I named through a public
flooring Milano and I said okay new
European collection I was like yes sure
because I remember seeing your Pete on
the box and then the workers run into
the flooring they bought and I was like
oh you can just use mine and I didn't
realize that mine was the European light
collection and the right one is the
European called the European or Bonica
collection so do I have a booger nope
just dust
there's the Republic flooring European
or Bonica Milano and the Republic
foreign European light Milano so they
can't use the floor I bought so they
have to tear up what they did with my
flooring and get the right one and then
just the bedroom floors are just gonna
be a different color you can see that
right like oh this is a loose board get
that better you can see that all right
here is new see that do you see that
like a vinyl I'm votin good
I'm gonna go continue flooring the
master bedroom with the wrong floors
I'm gonna take your lunch break it's
three o'clock
I haven't eaten lunch yet I'm tired I
also have to shower I'm gonna shower
yesterday and then I asked them to fill
a video I have to think of a video idea
sack post video tomorrow I get blaze
back tomorrow at noon which I'm excited
about
but ups the level of difficulty in which
it takes to get this house done because
he doesn't like just hanging out here
you know I'm packing up I'm going home
thirsty I'm dirty there's dust
everywhere in this house I'm out my
memory card keeps having an error and I
don't like it anyway I got home I got
comfortable I mean I took a shower got
put my pajamas on got a comfortable Sat
friend in my computer for about 45
minutes answering emails and I remember
I had to go pay the plumber because oh I
just left my pajamas I even bother
putting pants back on and I go pay the
plumber for putting in the tankless
water here so I had a tank but I needed
this space in the garage to park my
truck so I went tankless also it's an
energy saver it is more efficient cost
safer just non-stop hot water as much as
I want it made sense to get it how'd you
pay him hello we go back to the house
and it my blog which has no footage in
it and they
I'm sorry I'm sorry I start working on I
forget about life I when I do work with
wood and building and things like that
the world around me disappears and I
just focus on what's in front of me and
he's the only time I go into that zone
so I'm please forgot to pick up the
camera yesterday I tried really hard to
remember today and helps me that I had
tripod I overlooked I can move with
video idea it's not I create it but
you're gonna deal with it gently I am
tired I am hungry oh I mean I should do
my job correctly if doing it correctly
is if you haven't seen it it's up now
for you guys it's a reacting to news
caster fails those videos always give me
a little joy always give me a little
tickle tickle
I don't have a pickle oh my gosh these
look like I've pooped my pants
that is sawdust normal color sawdust
that has come through my pants this is
the pants I wear to floor well just for
the past two days but anyway I put my
makeup on my videos in the need some
dinner no that's like nah I make up that
packed up some stuff 12:15 p.m. and we
want to bed good night
so it's way later was that not the
cheesiest greeting hug that's ever
happened places back hi buddy
he needs me hi he peed all over me when
he saw me I expect nothing less from him
right now I'm doing this is his pouch of
dinner come on easy good boy I feed it
to him probably feeding it to him too
fast but he looks a little skinny I
think that they fed him the right amount
and I'd like to feed him a little extra
thick amount but he I had him a bath cuz
he was really dirty and then we went to
the park and he saw his friends he was
very excited and then now I'm packing up
my office and he is sitting here
watching me and then later when he after
dinner we're gonna go over the house and
finish laying the master bedroom floor
mats over there right now I think he's
painting and cleaning some stuff
look at this bubby real cute you are
juju good boy you use your good boy good
boy he said you were great yeah I neveri
one keeps saying we dropped him up he
said I love pitbull boxers I was like he
said he's a pit bull is like there's
definitely a boxer in him which I've
never heard anyone say before and then
walking into the park today lady was
like oh I love pitbull boxers what he
very well could be a pitbull boxer mixes
when they got him he was born in a
shelter and all they knew was the mom
who was full pit and so the dad could
have very well had box or in him but I'm
just two people in one day and I'd never
had anyone say anything before is
because you're so tall now he grew okay
back to work okay we are at the house a
dogs home sleeping he seems exhausted so
we're just letting him sleep and we're
gonna try and finish flooring the master
I don't think we'll finish it but we'll
certainly get pretty far so we're laying
floors in the master bedroom and
there's a nail poking out of the wall we
got to get it out that's not now what is
that it's a bullet casing someone has
embarked in my house it's just peed on
the bed the whole bed is in the wash
right now we used to have this bra with
him where every time he'd jump on the
bed he'd pee on it
so we banned him from the bed for a
really long time and then slowly we
reintroduce him to the bed and you
stopped peeing on it he was really good
and I gave him a bath today and I was
like oh you know what you get to sleep
with me so I was getting ready for bed
and I was about to pack because I have
to leave here at 7:15 a.m. tomorrow to
go to San Jose with Coolio Cori and I
was about to pack it's 11:00 p.m. and I
put him on the bed because I was like
you watch me pack I go into the bathroom
I come back out and he jumped off the
bed and he had peed on it
so it takes about three hours to wash
the bed we don't have any spare stuff so
I'll probably sleep on the couch
