good morning I water my plants I'm proud
of myself they're doing well but I'm
about to go to my last laser hair
removal appointment this is the last one
of the books and I don't think I want to
pay for any more so this is it it's
gonna be done I have to say it didn't
get rid of all my hair there's still a
little hair left which is annoying but
it's better than it was so I think it's
a win I'm done I'm done I've did it it's
over and now I'm gonna go get in and out
for me and Matthew okay so yesterday I
did laser hair removal my last
appointment and then I did nothing else
the rest the day I mean it did something
I was boring in my apartment but today I
am about to leave to go to a doctor to
get work done on my knees if you know me
well you know that I have terrible knees
it makes me really sad I gotta put my
mom and they shouldn't have started
affecting me until I was older but
because I did so many sports and I
jumped out of so many trees and off of
so many roofs as a child like they
always I always noticed my knees and
then a few years ago they got really bad
when I was on bus tour a year ago today
I destroyed them I was doing a lot of
stuff requiring me to like land on my
knees slide on my knees this isn't
sexual but just be on my knees for the
Miranda camp show and it got so bad I
was like icing on that I'm just like ah
pain will go away and then Kristina ikt
knee looked at me and she goes you
better be careful you only get one pair
of knees nothing cleans I'm about and
they've heard ever since they used to
hurt but I'm manageable it wasn't that
big of a deal but now they hurt all the
time and instead just complaining about
it for the rest of my life I've decided
to just go do something about it but
yeah I can't explain it because I
thought it was normal to have knees like
this he's my best friend and my mom and
a few other people in my life all have
bad joints and so I thought that was
normal not normal so I'm gonna go get a
bunch of shots done in my knee and you
guys are probably used to it it's what
colon does on her shoulder and so I'm
gonna get that done on my knee both of
them I thought the Reich was worse than
the left so they look fine they look
like anomalies on the outside that's a
pleasant angle is enough but on the
inside they're going
what's the inside of your body saying I
did it I got shots in my legs tada it
didn't hurt as much as I thought would
and you only gave me one huge shot in
each leg well he gave me a little shot
in each leg denomination so it wasn't
that bad actually and I supposed to take
a few treatments before it works but I'm
really excited for it and I just had to
Chipotle to celebrate so Dom all right I
just went to a craft store and if you
don't you know I hate craft scores a
little bit you know me you know I hate
craft stores just cuz they suck but this
is just a reason why I hate them I
wouldn't for glue sticks because I'm
doing a glue stick thing and I went in I
found the glue section I searched all of
them down that aisle it was packed with
glue but no glue sticks all right
maybe there's a whole other aisle of
more glue I searched that entire store
and in the back where there was a bunch
of glass vases and fake plants there was
a section of hot glue stuff why does
that fit there why craft stores why
doesn't it go with the glue it is glue
it's in the name it's hot glue I just
don't understand craft stores I feel
like they spread everything out and
nothing has an actual aisle just so you
have to search but I'm not one of those
people that's gonna walk around and find
other things that I wasn't there for and
get it because I hate being there and it
makes me more angry makes me want to buy
things less anyway that's my story I'm
gonna go eat some hamburger habit now I
lied to you four seconds ago actually is
probably two seconds ago now as far as I
know we didn't go to have it with some
other place because Matthew wanted a
sandwich I wanted a salad and now we're
at the grocery store getting bananas
I like my Nance alright that's it for
this vlog I know short and it was just
me talking about my knees but that's my
life and that's what this channel is is
me vlogging my life I'm about to head
out of town for the weekend so I'm sure
I'll have stuff the film um so I'll see
you guys later
alright thanks for watching I love you
guys bye
