good morning it's on my last day in
Ireland
oh I know I have all the best blog why
is some speaker yelling at me anyway
it's the last day in dublin and we are
at a castle or at a castle and we're
about to explore the castle and that's
it and then we have a show later so join
me on my day
ma
so we were all expecting like a medieval
castle and while this castle was
originated in the 11th century
everything's been super remodeled so I
like looking at stuff that's like older
than America because America has no
history but this place definitely
America was already built and anything
California was already being lived in
but it's cool it's still nice it's fun
smells old and it creaks these stairs
were originated in the 11th century look
at all the grips
so the outside of this castle is still
super old there's like a graveyard and
stuff but then side was definitely
remodeled this I like being pushes the
outside like that's freaking cool and
that's just gorgeous there's dead people
on the ground it's weird to think about
but the inside is definitely a little
too modern for my face
all right so this started meeting great
and I'm a little late I just you an area
now it's not like I did anything anyway
but there was still stairs so bad in
there now explain this okay my dad just
randomly said those explained it taping
a shot you were so confident tell me
what you see here's the face for the
high in the mouth and here's the
derriere and he's kind of squatting
Pascal the violin so we came pulling
this sweater nose cold so I put her on
it's so tiny so big
alright brief Charlie he's been trying
to turn on this camera for five minutes
and I find that a shawl more the black
was wasn't that marketer not was it that
was that hard at all hungry
yeah but yeah that's a nice blue sweater
you learn hahaha
Hey so we had the show it's the next day
and my dad and I are currently sitting
in the Dublin Airport so hi father good
Irish food we had great Irish food you
want to see what it was oh you can see
in the background already is Burger King
so our flights not till 3:00 right two
or three to one of those times are and
the Dublin Airport is notorious for
having to have to go through American
customs in Dublin to leave it takes like
six hours
look everyone that's gone through here
knows it and hates it with a passion so
we're here flights at like two or three
let's get to the airport
I like 11 a.m. I didn't want to stress
about it whatever we got to the American
customs and there was no line and they
were like your flights not for another
three hours why don't you go get
something to eat because once you pass
here there's only a coffee shop just
been sitting for like the past hour and
a half doing nothing we're eventually
gonna make our way back down to customs
but we're really scared that once we get
back down to customs
it's gonna be packed there wasn't
anybody but they're like no it should be
clear all day also we're worried about
this okay so we checked in we're like
are there any eggs at Rose is my dad and
I are pretty tall and the chick was like
no but the flights pretty empty so I can
get you a full like four-person row and
just put you two in it and no one else
and we're like we would love that you
know we could lay down whatever but
we're really scared that she did it and
gave us the two middle seats and people
are gonna sit in the I like we're gonna
end up in the worst seats ever there's
so many things up in the air but we're
gonna continue the day and then all
oedipus on the plane what time
Oh our planes not up in there gosh dad
your dad jokes are killing me
all right I'll talk to you guys a little
later folks with a ton of essentials
life all right I'm home and so that's
the end of this vlog thanks for watching
I had so much fun in Ireland in London
then I was a fun trip I'm glad I got to
meet it didn't see a lot of people okay
bye
