good morning is my mom's birthday so
we're currently shopping on our way to
go do something that Colleen's planned
but I don't think she knows what it is
she literally told us
you want to touch the castle yeah touch
the castle over there okay so we walked
around for a long time today did you
enjoy a Dublin mother I did how's your
birthday going immediately we haven't
done much for you but we're at the
theatre now and includes gonna do a
soundcheck and I'm gonna go watch I
don't even know
I'm helping Korey set up yeah oh yeah
it's really you look strange that's
still attractive I blew those up cuz I'm
really helpful see you winking at me
see you dear God the props always scare
me tonight I really hope I don't offend
anybody it should be funny I hope no one
is offended by it
and
he had no idea that was alright that's
it for this vlog I think my mom had a
good birthday I think so yeah right it
was chilling we explored Ireland which
was nice and we're gonna explore more
tomorrow and the sure what well I think
it was good nothing bad happened it was
just hot ah yeah the theatre was hot f
if you're going to tomorrow's show in
Dublin wear shorts and the tank top but
he's really hot in there
Oh anyway that's it Phillips vlog and I
will see you guys later cool maybe you
bye
