hey can you tell this is a new camera I
got the new vlog at the g7x mark - hey
you so let's catch up on things what
have I done this week up so this week I
exploded a watermelon and got really sad
here's the aftermath
Oh before that when saw gazelles baby
ozell
you
adorable and now my it's Friday and my
dad and I are sitting at LAX to the
International Terminal because we are
flying to London to surprise my mother
for her birthday we were the best in the
world
so yeah we're flying in London and then
we'd like go straight from the airport
to the show and then the next day we go
to Ireland so that's what we're up to
that's what we're doing it's a complete
surprise and we few people know I'm
really excited so that's all I wanted to
catch up on things
Wow this camera is really nice yes dude
my dad hooked us up and freaking got our
exit row this is all my leg space look
at what my leg can do look at my leg
it's doing this what ten and a half
hours
we made it we are at the venue hi father
he's over there oh we hate it all we Li
brought us a pizza and we ate it in
point two seconds actually his wife
bought us a pizza the mean greet starts
in like 20 minutes and then that's when
we're surprising my mom I got two hours
of sleep
my dad got you were like 3-4 hours my
dad sleeps like this one plane just for
four hours straight it was our favorite
to watch anyway we're all just chillin
up here I've already said hi to Lee in
the rest of the crew but I haven't seen
Colleen Cory or my mom clean and Cory
know I'm here
my mom does it she's the only person
were surprising and the rest of Europe
so we're just chilling and waiting I
don't think I'm gonna film when I go out
I'll film afterwards but I think I just
want to go hug my mommy I found mommy
there she is
Rachel and there's a queen yeah about to
do the show I haven't done a show in
like a year I don't know what I'm doing
hey it's the next day I got sleep which
I desperately needed we're about to fly
to Ireland but first we wanted to go do
a few touristy things while still in
London so that's what we're doing so
it's Rachel and dad are only here for a
cycle I wanted
a little bit of laughs way back
we're an island we just made it to
Ireland and we're about to rush out and
go to the Guinness Factory
we went there two years ago Queen I went
there two years ago knows awesome but
now I'm super into beers so now I'm even
more excited to go give it up we're so
happy right now
child
you
Wood pumping lungs buzz from your mouth
wasn't here we go okay I've never seen
my dad take a sip of alcohol before so
that was bizarre to see all right did I
swing down here can you know really okay
I'm going to be concerned if you dream
computer George hi I'm happy it's a
happy judgment yeah so I'm glad you like
this
leader says he wants to be a big feature
in my blog I want to have big features
on your blog house you got to haha we're
drinking Guinness and ride the gravity
bar so we have like that huge amazing
view so we're back in hotels many hours
later the Guinness Factory was awesome
just enjoyed drinking beer I've never
seen my dad drink it was so weird he'd
drink like this much but he drank some
of my mom's birthday is tomorrow morning
the reason I'm here and Lee has arranged
for flowers and chocolate to be
delivered to her in the morning
but Killeen and I are supposed to write
like a note to be attached to the
flowers and we don't know what's going
on it's like midnight yes it's 11:30 and
we're trying to figure out what in the
world Lee was talking about he's already
asleep so we were lame and didn't ask
questions so I'm currently trying to
figure that out okay we did it we put we
got we went down and put a note in the
flowers and things so that's done so
she'll get that in the morning but I'm
going to sleep down actually gonna edit
this and go to sleep I love you guys
thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow bye
