oh it's just me myself and I so let's
write until I die it comes MLA hi guys
let's weed out this leg shall we didn't
put it right now I should tweet later
oh I'm not even saying any words to you
I just got extremely distracted by
Twitter and completely forgot that I was
live stream I'm not joking
I saw people tweeting at Josh so I would
just go see what sweet was and then I
was like oh wait
I'm doing something since thousand
thousand people watching me I should
probably pay attention to myself
neat hi guys how are you have a live
stream for a while thought I would do it
I'm on my mentions let's see Oh
just to clarify okay so I I did a poll
that was like I was always gonna
livestream it wasn't gonna leave it up
to you whether I actually live streamed
or not I was gonna live stream but I
left no as an option for what time you I
should live stream and then no one
because you're all shady punks and I was
like I wasn't offended okay ha ha ha ha
and then I was like tweeted that I was
gonna livestream and a lot of people not
just the one girl I shaded oh I know she
wasn't actually mad at me um I wrote to
her like um but no one no did get the
highest vote but more people wanted to
view the live stream 90 not 90 39%
didn't want a live stream but the rest
of the people did want it they just
couldn't decide all the time so they
didn't agree on the time so if it was it
yes or no poll there would have been
more yeses does that make sense so while
the note technically won in this i
peeling my forehead is peeling you guys
see this my foreheads peeling you know
oh what's happening this is it pretty I
made it dark here is my fart I'm feeling
what in the way that's not cute that's
not fun oh my gosh like literally all my
skin is falling off of me might die
no I don't want to die I haven't even
gotten a dog yet
come one anyway so yeah that's what I'm
saying
mathematically more people wanted to see
a live stream they just couldn't decide
on the time that's why when it that I
was worth talk about politics I'm gonna
talk about politics never mind I'm not
gonna roast people people are asking you
to roast them I'm not gonna roast you
I'm sorry that amount of shade is not in
me right now I was a little shaky
earlier but that's cuz you all were
being shady so you can't psych it don't
give it what's the hashtag I don't know
Rachel is shedding literally shutting
skin hashtag rachel is shedding because
you are screaming I have two headphones
in it then turn the volume down I hate
when people get mad at me for being loud
in videos turn the volume down it's not
that difficult also you know I'm gonna
be yelling so why wouldn't you start the
video on mute and slowly turn the volume
up has there ever been a video and when
I'm not yelling that's what I think
about all of that
all right let's few people have done the
hashtag yet
hashtag rachel is shedding no results
you guys haven't gotten to this part yet
Oh cuz I spelled my own name there it is
Reed Josh lien fanfic no no you guys do
some weird things you killed my family
members you make Bailey a Jake and
Parker they're children
it's really weird guys and there's
always there's a lot of incest happening
I see a lot of really weird stories you
guys do something else with your
creativity like that it gets dark real
quick I've seen like 16 different car
crashes all right uh okay people use the
hashtag I'm gonna I'm looking at the
hashtag now not talk
why come on you're a snake cuz you're
peeling yeah have you ever watched a
snake peel its skin it's really
fascinating extremely disgusting my
brother owned his name Christopher on
his neck for a while I did not like that
thing it got out once and the cat
informed us of it was good cat
fascinating will you ever go into her
again with Colleen probably yeah she
tweeted that someone asked me if I
missed Tori with her and she replied for
me and said yes there are parts of it I
miss their parts I don't miss but yeah I
really want to go up I I'll probably end
up I think she has a lot of shows coming
up I'll probably end up going to one I
would have known two thousand oaks one
but I was in Hawaii um yeah I have
nothing planned but I'm I missed I miss
seeing people I miss the excitement I
don't miss being in an airport every
other day that's something I do not miss
at all mmm I also hate hotel coffee it's
the worst because they're creamer is
non-dairy creamer it's just this powder
and a little sack that's their creamer
that I think might have been the worst
part Tori was the coffee in the hotels
the creamer in the hotels Oh
but sometimes their bees like it it was
just like the Jake here hotels that had
like coffee in the lobby instead of in
your room but they had the better
creamers so I was appreciated those
hotels more I didn't care about how
clean the sheets were I cared if you had
actual cream creamer enough about that
come to the Rosemont one I don't know
when you spot the DIY confetti roll in
the back yes listen this is one of my
proudest crafts I've made on YouTube
like I've made a lot of crafts and I
decided that what I'm gonna start giving
away the craftsman to give aways because
I make a lot of crafts I'm super-proud
them but that I'm like I don't know what
to do with this what do I do with it
literally there's nothing in this bowl
it just sits there because I don't wanna
throw this one away um
I still have the yarn balls that I made
the 8 yarn balls somewhere but like I
never do these crafts afterwards like I
am proud of them so I think I'm gonna
start doing the crafts and then giving
them away to people because I feel like
you guys would appreciate them maybe I
don't know you can throw them away I'll
act like I do something good I'm so nice
but um yeah so also I don't know
tomorrow's video I'm like really bad and
I super oh behind before I left from why
I pre-filmed like all my videos and I
was like on top of it and I got back
it's a lot of work anyway so I don't
know what to do for tomorrow's videos so
you all gotta need to help me with that
I don't know you let me make something
you'll cook something you'll review
something you want me to try something
tell me I yell at something what you
guys want me to do let me know also why
are you wearing a blanket well Victoria
knows emic knows arson my apartment is
awesome I love it it's the best place
ever except my future home but the ACU
I run that you see a lot and in the rest
of this apartment it's 75 degrees right
now which is like good normal
comfortable you know we're tank top
shorts or jeans whatever you want but
for some reason this room stays like
five degrees cooler than the rest of the
apartment and I have no idea why so I
get cold when I'm in here look it's
literally like you walk in you're you
feels like this breath of cold air on
you um so yeah this room is just always
freezing so I've always have a blanket
with me
what are you thought sort of me these
sandals I don't get it I
are they sandals they look like sandals
their sandals why would you want to wear
I don't care what you wear did you meet
clean and Josh's dog um I haven't yet I
was out of town when they got it and
then I just haven't made my way over
there I'm a terrible human but I haven't
seen the dog yet it looks adorable
that's a freaking cute dog I'll see it
eventually though fossum the Justin vs.
Beliebers thing
I'm most right now I know that there was
beef between Justin and Selena because
he was complaining I spent too much time
an Internet he's the way that people
were mad at didn't like his girlfriend
and then she just randomly through shade
of em no Gavin it back and forth did she
win the battle I've seen more Selena
pro-pro Selena tweets than Pro Bieber
tweets would you ever get a tattoo ma'am
good can you come to Las Vegas show
there's a Las Vegas show I might end up
going to that one I don't know I don't
know what to do in Vegas cuz like I
don't like partying I thought I did for
like a day and I was like no not my
scene I don't go out dancing I don't
want to gamble my money away I don't
know what's there i I saw the Britney
show fantastic and then I think that's
all I need to do in Vegas but I feel
like people are like that's what you do
on Vegas school sucks
I just got back ah sorry is school
starting again oh the school is school
back in session guys is that a thing oh
so sorry oh yeah I think it's August
right so yeah it's the middle of August
so most people go back to the school
right and then like colleges usually
start at the end of August or in
September I'm sorry guys I'm really
sorry
school that's just that's not fun you
just say our acts when we answer our
questions at Joshua hi talk listen
Alexa I forget to one but and I think
sometimes I don't know how to pronounce
your guys to stop and sometimes as weird
as sometimes it's just numbers and
letters so I don't want to do it to some
people the people I can just pronounce
and then not do the people like don't
pronounce cuz I feel like that's
discriminatory of some sorts um so I
just don't continue see fairness I try
to be fair I'll try and say your guys
ads but I'm sorry if I forget or I can't
pronounce it cuz then I spend like ten
minutes trying to pronounce a name
that's not fun for anyone Tamara school
starts Thursday Natalie started today
it's not just trying to name things uh
all right
oh yeah I just made everyone sad because
there's thinking about school now I'm
sorry everybody I should have mentioned
school maybe in come to Chicago you go
on the big ferris wheel
I finished Chicago I really like Chicago
I've always had fun there saw the beam
the beam was nice yeah I like Chicago
isn't it not actually Wendy there it's
just called the Windy said thee for some
other reason I just I don't know how the
ones that taught me that fact Heather
O'Neill I don't know I knew her as
Heather once done and now I know us
Heather you know look at my dad Hayley
it's a good dog oh do you like Justin
Bieber I'm rooting for him
I like his I like his last album and I
think he's done stupid crap um but I
mean I think he's trying now so that's
cool I don't personally know the guy so
I can't really decide if I like them or
not can you do what pisses me off
tomorrow
well Elizabeth I don't know it to be
angry at cuz I mean great a lot of
little things I don't know sometimes you
can't expand those little things into
like a video past three four minutes my
mom texted me is she watching this are
you supposed to be asleep right now mom
I see you yeah hi mom what time is it
I don't even know what city you're my
mom is on tour with Colleen right now
and I'm following huge because Corey is
there and Lee is there it just seems
like a whole gaggle of fun Zoey asked me
thoughts on a Christmas coke in August
the best Colleen tweeted today is it
Christmas yet and I want to tweet back
yes Christmas Christmas can happen ever
you want Christmas to happen because
Christmas is just happiness so if you're
happy you celebrate Christmas
it's terrible logic I know my mom says
it's 1:00 a.m. where she has mom go to
bed I love you see you when you get back
in a million years I'd missing my mom's
birthday no my mom ditched me for her
birthday that's what happened all right
so much so I should make a shirt into a
dress for video oh that's intense
doo-doo-doo-doo Maya says we have the
amazing stop we have the same amazing
soft blanket well did you get it at Casa
Bella blog online all right are you ever
gonna do your own tour I don't I I don't
think so
not on the stage now I don't know what I
would do not my thing
someone says yell at clowns why would I
do that let's just mean how was Hawaii
well Alexa see I'm trying to say the
names guys Hawaii was a lot fun it was
relaxing
I just enjoyed it I literally spent two
days in a row floating on an inner tube
in the ocean that was a lot of fun
I think it's my most relaxing trip with
that usually I do like adventure after
adventure and this time I was like I
just want it chill I took walks on the
beach I woke up early and just did a
little laps around the pool I was I just
chilled and it was good
a lot of food to them that's fun huh
Marcus wants to know orange or apple
juice Oh depends on my mood I meant
about apple juice yeah yeah
oh I'm strong in my apple juice opinion
yes I just decided I'm very strongly
towards apple juice that's a good one
all right guys again the hashtag is
hashtag rachel is shedding because it's
beginning this live stream I realized
that the skin on my forehead is just
falling off so that's good Oh
mmm-hmm last time you did a livestream
you talked about foot help Oh
who talked about foot health there is no
comment right why I read it with a comma
you know whenever I do a live stream
that's what I'm like I kind of stare at
myself for a while because I can see
myself that's when I realize that like
there's things where I'm sitting and I
just not that's sorry
so I think that should be the theme of
my livestream so there's something ill
about my body oh by the way I'm getting
my gonna get my knees fixed you know
that crows there people is doing on her
shoulder that's what I'm gonna do on my
knees because they don't work and they
constantly hurt react Britney Spears new
music video make me I haven't seen it
yet should I do that in the video I
don't wanna do a whole thing you're just
reacting to another video thanks Adam
for letting me know she's a music video
outcomes gonna watch that on my own huh
would you ever eat a dog Cassandra Rose
no that's no that would that's the
equivalent of eating a human to me I
could never Nick asked me do I cook
often no I help in the kitchen I could
help but I don't never actually do the
cooking I prep I'm really good prepper
a prep a lot guys ask me questions let's
hang out when you want talk about I
really do need a video idea for tomorrow
though okay Thursday's Rachel groom said
I don't know easy that's the plan and
you guys need me great questions for
that um I swear the confetti Bowl looks
like barf Kailyn I think you look like
barf don't tell me my confetti bowl
looks like barf your you probably smell
like vomit I don't even know you but
from your comment I am gonna decide that
you smell like it but don't make fun of
my confetti bowl either hard for this do
you realize that this actually don't get
an extremely long time and a lot of
patients tell me it looks like barf you
wish you that it
yeah am i following you about to
unfollow you
no okay what is one food you fail at
making well at Coleen's kitty I don't
know era chokes I can't make artichokes
and I've tried several times the last
time I made it
I like flip the kitchen upside down and
ran and went to my room and slammed the
door got so mad I like a bully we ruined
them and yeah I just got very angry I
handle it extremely well
very mature uh how do you say see okay
you're saying how do I say and then you
spell caramel slash caramel when I read
it I read it as caramel but when I say I
say it as caramel uh I know that's like
really weird but when I see it I like I
read it out and I say care I read it as
caramel but I say it is caramel that's
weird right have you seen close house
baby yet yeah I went over there
yes yeah yesterday I went over there
yesterday
baby it was L she's super cute she was
like maybe the calmest baby I've ever
hung out with like she got little fussy
like once this cuz we just stuck a bar
mouth and she was fine after that
she likes lek she's chillin she was to a
good she's cute she's freaking cute I
think I'm like yeah she's she's good
they they did a good one on that one ha
ha
for videos you should put 100 bras on um
Maddie I don't own a hundred bras and I
don't want to go buy 100 bras i-i've yet
to catch on to that craze of $147 did
really well it was Larry
but yeah but thing with those who say
you're just whoops open things you're
wasting a hundred of something oh I just
I guess I just like haven't found those
videos like super interesting I like I
do like though when things are cut open
after a hundred layers I mean you cut
open cuz I like I like seeing what's
inside of stuff so weird right but like
when people do like a hundred layers
that like say nail polish it that was
like to cut in half to see though I
think that looks cool but yeah um I
guess I could do a hundred layers of
something but I don't know what I'd do a
hundred layers up to NATO or tomato to
tomorrow are you trying to say tomahto
or tomato I said to me tomato I don't
know what you're saying
I say tomato they spelled it weird
please show us the crack on your phone
oh okay so a while ago I tweeted that I
put my phone in my mouth
one initech smile and I put my phone in
my mouth cuz I was in a bathroom and I
didn't know like where to put my phone
so I put my phone oh my day and then I
cracked you can't even see it cuz it's
so tiny but I did actually crack my
phone right there with my tooth and I
was free dance I don't know but yeah I
did I cracked my phone it's very tiny
but I put my phone on wall right there
and I cracked it
so really smart move by me I'm really
cool huh faith says she won't stop
tweeting this until I see it she has an
inflatable like donut thing that I threw
at you is that from last year's summer
camp that that's a very long time ago
and the fact that it's still inflated
that's impressive uh have you tried this
it's incredible it looks like some small
thing I haven't tried it can you give it
to me I want food I think I'm hungry
yeah I'm definitely hungry I want to eat
Keith wants to know did I take a foreign
language in high school yeah I took
Spanish and I can't speak Spanish I have
I have a really hard time learning other
languages it just doesn't compute in my
brain I really wish I knew other
languages I really wish I was fluent in
Spanish I wish I was fluent and like
French and all the other languages in
the world
Charmian I mean know all the things I
wish I was fluent in all of them because
I think that is awesome like I I have no
fears of traveling the world but I
genuinely cannot pick up other languages
it's really some people can just go be
around another language and then they
they're fluent in it and like a week not
me nope kam can't spell asked how's Matt
he's good football's back
football's back everybody you guys don't
care about American football is back
which means everything in this apartment
is happy it's Christmas Alexis says I
like how you read the directions okay
it's about colleen's
rainbow popcorn thing did anyone else
see that : basically litterhouse on fire
making rainbow popcorn and so I like how
you read the directions before this and
still let it happen I needn't thoroughly
read the directions but I saw on it that
it was an air pop machine and I'm like I
decided she started putting like butter
and stuff I was like I don't think she's
supposed to do that but hey it's a funny
video so I think we all knew I she I
think she was fully confident that her
idea to make rainbow popcorn was solid
but the rest of us were like no but we
we let her try it
I mean you learned from your failures
Colin's texting me hi Colleen oh I'm in
the middle of a live stream
oh she's clean so you said Matt warned
us about the cop good thing we didn't
listen it's true
we didn't listen he's kind of smart but
quiet so no one listens uh-huh I'm
getting sweaty from my blanket now oh
the back of my knees are sweaty I
wouldn't explode a watermelon was I need
to go to sort of get why not and a bush
rubber bands get some smiles videos guys
I'm gay
Thank You Zoey screenshotting you dude
totally I would do that that sounds
fantastic
my hair is getting dyed blue right now
will Casper good luck let's hope it
turns out blue Oh favorite alcoholic
beverage I think like weirdly intimate
Eidos lately I know it's so late I still
love him a beer but I was like like
weirdly into mojitos they're refreshing
I think that's my little bottom will you
marry me though touré um I'm not busy
ultimate diss oh I call the back of my
knees knee pits well Jules I think
you're smarter than the rest of us
thoughts in this season a big brother
grace I haven't watched it I have it I'm
really sorry I'm terrible right now I'm
watching bachelor in paradise
hey I do not watch bachelor Bachelorette
but I will 100% watch bachelor in
paradise I don't know I think I'm more
fine at that one because it isn't one
human dating like 60 people it's just a
bunch of people baiting each other which
for some reason I'm okay miss but I
don't know I love that show there's only
three episode
right now or three that I've seen I
think oh I'm also watching it's called
unreal teeny and we put a teeny tiny
astray and they told me to watch it and
I am obsessed with it it's like it's a
it's a scripted show but it's about the
filming's of like bachelor in bachelor
bachelorette it's like it's not like a
mockumentary anything it's like you're
probably who's one crew member or
whatever and you like basically learn
what actually happens behind his things
of those love reality shows oh it's
called unreal it's on Netflix Netflix
hey back off October 14 um but yeah I'm
obsessed with it right now I've been
watching it I watched it till 5 a.m.
last night don't hate you have you ever
tried Crystal Pepsi
um well hashtag spread happiness I
haven't but I did see it at store I mean
I feel like I saw that like ten years
ago and I've never tried it
does it taste the exact same because I
feel like it does it just doesn't have
the dark syrup color to it huh so if you
come to make us you see J Lo's new show
oh I'm gonna see it is it good you say
you saw it saturday but you didn't say
if it was good or not which makes me
believe that it's not good but you just
wanted me to come to Vegas so you're
telling me to see the show I didn't know
what's good what'd you major in Carl
ecology doesn't explain anything just
got two shirts lemme oh well Sam I'm so
excited for your purchase where they
back-to-school shirts why don't you get
these shirts what do they look like do
you have any other details besides the
fact that you just got them very
intrigued by your shopping huh
refreshing can you pay rate this tweet
no Stephanie I cannot
do the water gargle challenge what's the
water gargle challenge is that it it was
that the singing one I said wait did I
see so well it did that good nice to do
that I think it was her I can't get man
on camera I'm sorry guys this is not
gonna happen
would you ever be on a bachelor in
paradise peacock pay a $10,000 and Matt
wasn't and you weren't worth Matt uh
yeah I would do it I don't like free
anybody uh Ella says she has a fear that
if she gets proposed to she'll sneeze
when he / she is doing it well then um I
don't why reduce knees often how is that
a fear I've never had a fear of sneezing
during something I have never thought
about that I guess that would kind of
ruin the moment if you're in the
romantic moments to hold your nose have
a tissue make sure you just always have
a good shoe with you huh all right Mia
asked me if I play pokemon go I hope you
want to go don't that what to do you are
I was never gonna tell the Internet I
don't know why I'm just like I feel like
I'm just gonna keep this one of myself
but yeah that's a Pokemon go I've only
done a gym battle like twice in my life
but uh yeah uh all right
so we just said call Matt and tell him
you're dead I don't think he'll believe
me because I've called him and he would
be talking to me and dead people don't
make phone calls or talk to people I
mean unless you have this huge ghost
theory I don't know about ghosts
fine if they're really not I don't even
know I don't want to mess with it I'm
gonna leave them alone they leave me
alone I'll leave them alone that's not
theory go Rams grams destiny asked what
tips do you have for boys like me who
are about to start their periods you see
you're about to start your period a boys
about to go down on you what taste you
have for boys lick me who are about to
start if you're so sorry period just
make that a no-fly zone that's all
you didn't collab soon hello David
I don't even know did you watch stranger
things no no it looks scary and I don't
like scary things I don't like it not I
know I get mad when scary commercials
come on
Oh favorite thing from McDonald's ooh a
Big Mac the Big Mac meal yeah
or but sometimes at the same time I just
want a cheeseburger no pickles or onions
and just like straight-up patty cheese
ketchup mustard
that's my channel I like both of those I
just want all of it but also with the
french fries and ketchup and a coke yeah
I'm really hungry
I ate like three hours ago I don't know
I'm starving like a good-size meal - do
you believe in conspiracy theories I
think some seem like they could be
possible obviously some are just people
just being weird but there are some
things that I'm like oh wow that does
kind that's that's intense that's making
my brain go weird
uh I mean some consider one is bound to
be right right don't you think like
something's bound to be at least like
close to correct huh that's just it's
there are something there are weird ones
like the whole Bernstein Bernstein but
whatever the thing fight is that one
blew my mind that's I like go I like
doing now and the whole thing about how
like things were one way but like that
in an alternate universe things changed
or like back in time something changed
and then so like now we know them as
something else like we're confused like
sex in his teens Sex and the City thank
you I still need to know which one's
right anyway how many screenshots do you
get on your snapchats it depends how
ugly the picture is I've noticed the
other you picture the more screenshots
of it are taken which I'm fine with
oh I mean I didn't want people to see it
I wouldn't take the picture and post it
except one thicken Twitter tweeted a
picture okay so my mom every day why my
mom was like texting me any a picture a
picture why you do what's going on
what's happening so she texted me that
morning was like hey I need a picture
I need my daily picture know that you're
alive but I'm like all right whatever
and I was in Starbucks so I took an ugly
picture and send it to her and bells
like I'm beep coffee right now ventures
haven't started yet today she's like
okay cute love you have a good day you
know normal mother-daughter relationship
texting and then four hours later I
looked at going at Twitter like I
finally go on Twitter how you been on
Twitter that day and I I see people like
responding usually like my my
notifications use pretty slow but then I
when I went it was like massive and I
was like what is happening and so I went
to my my tweeting thing and the picture
had tweeted itself I have no idea how it
happened I was so confused I texted my
mom and I was like did you save that
picture and then somehow tweet it to my
account she's like uh no she's like I
don't know how to work anything he'll
think you're right you not have that
capability but I had I still to this day
have no idea how that picture got
tweeted that was like well no point in
deleting it now
up I don't really care I was just so
confused
that Twitter tweeted my picture we'd
like my permission I immediately went
through my entire camera on delete of
any picture that would not be okay with
it surfacing
like not anticipation of like I don't
know uh uh yeah so that's that huh I
love on your shady please be shady more
often well grace I'll be showing you
what I want to be shady because
sometimes I feel that why shady I don't
want my shadiness ever come off this
like actual meanness so I have to be
careful with my shadiness this sometimes
I just don't care oh my gosh someone
sent me a picture of someone exploding a
lot I'm doing the watermelon victim are
I'm doing the watermelon thing I'm doing
it I'm doing it oh you saw a little
video of it
oh let's explode watermelons oh I need
to get to Office Max or staples or
whatever those office places are hit
some rubber bands and get some
watermelon who is going on even like
watermelon that I love watermelon
flavored things I do not like watermelon
itself it's a thing how are your flowers
Lauren asked okay I asked the people
have been asking me Blanca is
flourishing she's got new flowers going
every day she's going great violet
um her leaves are really strong but I
think that she's done blooming cuz this
is like at the end of like third season
of blooming and then Patricia's still
going strong but at Blancas the
strongest right now they I wanted them
every day they're a little mopey because
I didn't water them the whole time I was
in Hawaii but little watering they come
back to life so they're they're living
they're still there I'm still taking
care of them they'd love in life still
they told me I don't talk to them I'm
not that weird yeah if you could enter
any fantasy of your choosing but never
leave would you do it they what kind of
fantasy no I don't think I would do it
cuz grass is always greener on the other
side so like I ended up fantasy no
probably wouldn't be as great as I
thought it would be
also I like my life I don't want leave
my life my life's good I'm happy
so one pic sent me a picture of Bed Bath
& Beyond I don't get it
I don't know and it's like it's a
picture of Bed Bath & Beyond and then
Gary from Sponge Bob looking and then a
close-up on the word bath and then Gary
closes my Mary's eyes and it says
triggered I don't know what that is I
don't get it sorry I want to get the
joke I really do but I don't I hate when
I don't get jokes I also hate my
daughter saying when I hash with what
hash tag like well there's hashtag
trending I'm like what is the thing
what's going on I hate when I can't
figure out like what the hash tag
meeting is oh that makes me angry that
and I don't understand jokes or when
there's a riddle like using pretty good
riddles like I'm pretty good at riddles
and I've heard a lot of them that
sometimes I just have memorizing answers
to them but what I can't figure out a
riddle - when I get angry mmm do you
know specific fans by names freckles
wants to ask there's a lot of people who
tweet me constantly in daily and it's
just I end up blurring their names
sometimes it mean grace people make
quite an impact and you end up talking
them yeah I know people I know oh why
don't I feel I go why people fighting I
lost a lot of like og people that have
been around for like ten years
yeah it just happens I like to keep
constant on Twitter so if you're
constantly tweeting me I'm gonna end up
knowing who you are I mean that's just
with anybody and I like knowing people I
get part of myself it's like there's
sometimes I'm not gonna call it anyone
by name but there are sometimes ones
people like I tweet you I can't you
every day for two years and you yet to
notice me I'm like girl that's false
because I look at my Twitter every day
and I I genuinely do try and like read
through my Twitter
constantly and I feel like I truly know
that people who do tweet me a lot and
then like there it's just costly so if
you say you tweet me every single day
for the past year and I've never seen
you Twitter before I don't think that
you're telling the truth I really don't
I'm sorry I'm sorry I probably shouldn't
be saying this but like I know I know
who the true fans are and who I know who
the fake fans are I love every one you
don't have to tweet me every day by the
way you really do someone's doing a
ninja warrior course right now oh my god
you guys know how much it reeks out when
ninja warriors Twitter tweeted at me i
raked out so one of the reasons I
decided to get my knees fixed I'm not
gonna do American Ninja Warrior but they
were like they just tweeted at me and I
was like oh and I watched them so I was
like Mandy's like there's there's so
don't believe the course with one leg or
he got like super firing the course with
one leg am i all right
I'm gonna fix my knees and I might get
my life in check
Oh someone said the joke is that Gary
hates baths when I was segment that bed
Bethany on thing I forgot about that cuz
he's supposed to resemble a cat so that
makes sense all right can you say hi
Marta yes I can
so there I said it
all right guys I think I might sign off
soon I put on here while I'm hungry this
is a fantasy football special on right
now that I want to launch before I start
any football huh I'll do a few more chit
chats with you it hurts when I pee
advice Oh drink some cranberry juice and
maybe take some medicine or go see a
doctor might have a urinary tract
infection or a yeast infection you
should probably get checked out
usually cranberry juice helps with the
peeing though so so I just said you
shaved mess against this I'm shaking the
people that are shade worthy
you go in Shane Dawson's podcast I don't
know yet bass Shane my here's walk in
there are kids running around in this
airport that maybe want to do violent
things out me don't do violent things
violence is never an option while it's
often a desire it should never be an
option so what's that how how sarcastic
are you scale of 1 to 10 and they post
something being able to respond with
sarcasm within seconds of a stupid
question is a sign of a healthy brain is
that true or just someone who's really
good at sarcasm don't think that's
really true but on a scale of one to ten
how sarcastic am i I'm pretty sarcastic
but I have to turn it down because a lot
of the times people don't realize that
I'm being sarcastic and I just end up
offending people and then people don't
realize that they like think that I'm
like narrow is a joke I was joking and
they're like uh-huh they don't think I
was joking this thing I'm trying to
cover up me saying a mean thing so I've
really tried to tone down my sarcasm
like genuinely because I was pissing
have a lot of people like don't actually
ever want to piss off anyone so I've had
to tone it down a lot but I still have
the thoughts in my brain you had
via color what would it be I don't care
I don't know I mean would everyone be a
different color is it
a little tan
do you like poutine yeah I finally had
good poutine when I went to visit clean
in Vancouver uh I had some good poutine
and it was good and I liked it and it
was it was I'm a fan yeah I think when I
got it I didn't remember what it was we
liked the first time I got poutine I did
not like it and that's because we didn't
get the right like sauce on it or
something um but now I'm a fan I did it
the right way
Nihao it was my geometry homework no I
can't
I'm not gonna geometry I'm gonna algebra
but I'm not gonna Jam a tree really bad
at it I'm sorry I can't help you I can
try but I don't think it would do well
nope nope
alright guys three more minutes alright
then i'm peacing out thank you guys by
the way for helping me figure out to do
with my tomorrow video I need to go
freakin get a watermelons someone just
sent me a picture of Lee flipping the
camera off good old leave poutine that's
gross
trust your mouth never judge a book by
it's cover
someone said pre-order Britney's new
album glory on iTunes comes Adam and
you're really into Britney um I don't
like pre-ordering music cuz I don't know
if I'm actually gonna like it so I don't
like to preorder it I'm a snob I usually
end up getting everything anyway alright
do I like smell yeah but I haven't been
in a lot of it I'm I am determined to go
snowboarding this year I've already
planned the snowboarding trip it's like
70 percent gonna happen
I've never snowboarded my life and gosh
darn it it is all nice to do this for
this year because for the past couple
years my cat
what I haven't been proactive about the
whole thing I'm being corrected this
here at gosh-darn I was getting my
snowboards all right that's it
can you please give advice for freshmen
going into high school yeah it's I it's
gonna be weird at first and then you
kind of just get used to it that's it
like it's gonna it's usually gonna suck
know that you're not gonna be the
coolest kid in school but that doesn't
matter that's about it like just go in
and be like yeah this isn't gonna be my
greatest experience of life but it's not
gonna be the worst and it's everyone
else's having the same feelings and
let's just get through it
that's all I cried my first day of high
school I did I cried a lot there you go
look at me now inspiring I know all
right
with that with my inspiring words I'm
the worst
sorry high school is a lot of fun if you
just don't take it too seriously
obviously make your school work
seriously like do good get good grades
and things I saw a thing today that said
do well in schools so you can make a lot
of money because with more money you can
buy more puppies and puffiness puppies
are the key to happiness so you need
some motivation to do well in school
puppies that's that's your motivation
anyway
okay I'm signing off I love you guys
thanks for watching thanks for hanging
out with me I hope you had fun I hope
this was slightly entertaining yeah all
right peace out I love you guys okay
cool bye
