hey I'm back home so yeah I picked up my
iMac from this MAC store today
and there was a massive spider on me
while I was waiting okay here's the
story I was waiting for them to bring
out my iMac I look down and I see a
spider crawling it like this is big just
crawling across my leg and I was I was
like okay I'm in public I can't scream
so I flicked it and then it landed on a
table right in front of me and as a girl
looking at me she's sitting across with
the other side of table we both look at
each other I just take off my Santa on
smack it and then she does good we just
sat there in silence
i okay I deserve a medal for not
screaming also sandals the best spider
killer since whenever the sandals were
created
Jaso side up now anyway and now I have
to go to the store and grab a few things
because I have to film a video today
it's Thursday it's 1 p.m. and a video is
supposed to be going up on my channel
right now but I haven't filmed one yet
because I'm a really good youtuber so I
have to run to the store and get a few
things and I'm gonna film a video real
quick but I need to tell you my spider
story alright I'm back from the store
even though probably doesn't seem like
it because I was just in here blogging
come on focus I'm ordering a new
vlogging today I'm also ordering new
underwear cuz I'm just over the ones I
have anyway I'm gonna attempt to put
makeup on this face and then film I did
it I applied makeup and I wasn't too bad
Oh time to film ok actually I might
change my shirt I'm getting old
sweatpants one Oh classy
it happens everyone I don't know why
it's such a big deal ok so it's the next
day I finished filming that video and I
posted it that's basically my whole day
it was me trying to get that video up
but it's Friday morning right now Nitz
afternoon it's one of you don't morning
anyway I've listed my last Hawaii vlog
and then I'm gonna do brought a few
errands but that my dad's coming to town
and we're going to the doctor game
tonight it's fireworks night at Dodger
Stadium and he that's his favorite day
ever
oh by the way these fireworks to the
doctors tomorrow it's like alright dad
get some tickets alright tomorrow
I'm gonna get ready for him yeah but I
see a Dodger game Oh
I'm like I feel like I'm a child what I
vlog I feel like I'm Bailey or no Bailey
has better angles I mean I feel like a
Parker or Jake no Jake has better angles
he like sets up the camera Jake's likes
it when he blocks like sets things up
and then do he really talk family's
gonna I'd be like Parker I'm parked or
what vlogging I'm like okay this is
things here's the road my own fault
alright
you know I never thought my life would
come to this where I just have cameras
on cameras on cameras and I want to get
another camera never thought this for
myself but I'm not mad about it I'm
quite content with it okay goodbye the
electricity in my building went out
again I don't understand it's an hour
across the street like this block just
randomly shuts down electricity my hope
like I posted a public in my vlog right
before it shut down so I think my vlog
is up but I can't check because I don't
have Wi-Fi so now I have absolutely
nothing to do because my entire life is
electronics and electricity so I'm going
to pack my suitcase so much fun I can't
even take a shower because our shower
the hot waters run through electricity
and it's a small little box that gets
the water really hot right as it flows
through it's not like a huge massive
water tank that holds hot water so I'm
just gonna be stinky teleca's turn back
on oK we've cleaned everything and I'm
about to go into my bathroom and take a
cold dark shower
nope we need to go do stuff like we
can't how our day stops hi I'm gonna put
my hair up and rinse off and it's gonna
be a cold cold shower it's gonna trick
me at first it's gonna be warm and it's
gonna get real cold real quick all right
wish me luck whoo I did it that was the
fastest shower anyone's ever taken I got
out right before I got cold so it was
perfectly lukewarm the whole time now
time to do like well I made it to in and
out
we had the elevators in my apartment to
work so we had to find the stairs I've
never used the stairs my mother's gonna
be mad at me that I don't know where the
emergency exits are in my building but
just the stairs and we somehow made it
into the parking garage tick is a while
but now we're I didn't know Oh
they're so pretty all of the palm trees
I want to go back to Hawaii I just got
an email from my apartment complex
saying like the outage is widespread
also we don't know when it's gonna be
back on sorry so it's been two hours
already I hope they get it turned onsens
because I'm at ash which is my last stop
my errands I've made my way to Costco
I'm literally making up errands I need
to run because my apartment doesn't have
electricity so I can't do anything there
so I'm at Costco acting like I need
things I think I might get some water
Matt is running away from me we got a
table side table thing we don't need it
but we just needed to buy something we
also got a pineapple some water
alright back at my place and electricity
is turned back on so I'm gonna try and
fix my showerhead cuz right now
woolum fallen I turn on my showerhead so
I'm gonna take down my showerhead put
some plumbers tape on it and then
showerhead back on all right tapes over
there thank is a little bit there was
plumber's tape on this but it looks like
it's got strict off problems you know
I've never actually done this before
I've seen my dad do it we did that
counted for something right let's see
how this works please don't get me wet
and this is the monkey wrench I should
make you be making a Sunday video about
this but I don't think anyone really
cares so this is just a blog well just
get past it you can but one more turn I
think that's it
now let's see if that sprays water at
everybody and it's fixed
it feels good fixing a problem I like
fixing things I'm a problem solver okay
somebody that's gonna be here in about
an hour so I'm gonna let my truffula
foggy charge so let's see how my dad
gets here but he so we're super late to
the game and they had us park on top of
this mountain and they're like the only
way back is to walk down the mountain
which would probably take the half-hour
so a lot of people are attempting to go
down this dirt Hill and my dad really
wants to go down it we're good it's Ryan
got a huge step I happy with himself all
right dad let's try this
haven't been worse that was the worst
tyrant life my dad at one point so out
of focus
we're all going down what's like a few
people lost when you see my dashes or
run fast everybody
yeah we're late before I watch the game
where you down your dogs come on
alright pause so this dude in the black
shirt was being the most annoying fan in
all of life he was banging on the seat
in front of him screaming just really
ridiculously annoying all of us were
annoyed people were staring at him
telling him to shut up and he just would
get louder and was banging and he was
screaming in the ear of this dudes
girlfriend and she was livid and
everyone thought a fight was about to
break out cuz this dude
stood up and everyone was like oh it's
going down and everyone kind of like
shifted in their seats and then he comes
over puts his arm around the dude and
gently calms him down and nicely asked
him to stop being so freakin annoying
and this dude handled it with such
freaking class like my dad shook his
hand afterwards because he calmed the
most annoying dude who was clearly
trying to start a fight he calmed him
down put his arm around them and became
his friend and was like listen man you
just calm down just it's okay and he was
like the nicest person in the world and
the dude did calm down and it was like
this this is how situations should be
handled and it was just amazing to see
that's the end okay on with the vlog
no more is one strike sir
so Dodgers lost it was sad it was a good
game though they played well they just
didn't win but right now we're on the
Dodger field we're on that field
we're in left-center
it's firework night so they're gonna
shoot off fireworks and let people sit
on the field and run around on it so
that's what we're doing now we're
waiting for the fireworks it's pretty
cool pretty cool here
my dad has stolen a blade of grass are
you going to keep forever
good job all of this we're going back up
the hill okay we're gonna travel up this
dirt Hill instead of walking all the way
around to the tippy-top my dad wants to
attempt to go back up this so was just
luck we made it up the hill
vamos we got like four more steps look
at all those cars it's pretty and laughs
all right that was a lot of fun I had a
lot of fun with my dad who's a good game
I mean they lost but I was good hang out
that's it for this vlog thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you later
