guys I'm broke my shoelace whoa
go back go back on oh I look cute you're
dating this it's Sunday
just what am i it's not good it's Sunday
it would get a late start to the day but
I want to do what I want
so whatever and we're gonna go grab
lunch and then I'm gonna I think I want
to swim in the ocean today and play and
have fun things goodbye
still looking great so we're on our way
to a beach on the northern part of the
island a little girl recommended it to
us that little she's like a teenager
Katie
so Katie told us throw this beach it's
okay we're going to the beach and if it
socks it's on you if it doesn't suck
thank you
we just send so many little chickens I'm
gonna go show you a little channel don't
run away from me little chickens don't
run away from me little chickens little
chickens they all ran away from me
chickens
acting so fly in your car that's one
thing that no one ever expects about
Hawaii but I love about it is there's
always chickens everywhere I'm so for it
I think it's why my mom loves Hawaii cuz
she goes to see chickens hi today is our
last full day in Hawaii and so I want to
go see some turtles I want to go look at
the turtles and be in a turtles and swim
with the turtles so I'm gonna go see a
man about the turtles yeah last time
Chloe and I were at this hotel we went
out on to this turtle thing completely
spontaneously it was awesome so I'm
gonna go see if that boat is still here
and if I can go while in goodbye I get
to go see Turtles today so at noon we go
back to the boat and it's snorkeling for
an hour and then it's a boat ride for an
hour so I'm excited but right now you go
get some coffee and a little food in me
so I have energy for these turtles
because I just took a train I mean and
that'll make me tired that's the boat
we're gonna go on and then we're gonna
do it and then we're gonna go on it okay
bye
I am currently packing up to leave
Hawaii and I'm very sad about it also
yesterday on that boat I got very burnt
I'm pretty sure everyone my body is
gonna turn into a tan but my face and my
peel and I'm a little sad about it all
right close this out so I can start the
next vlog but thank you guys for
watching
I had fun in Hawaii I know I didn't vlog
a whole lot that's because it was a
vacation like I know that you usually
vlog on vacations every single day but
I've really just wanted an actual
vacation and just chill and do whatever
I want and not have to do activities
just because I needed a vlog footage I
wanted to just relax and that's what
this occasion was a lot of relaxing
folks all I love you guys thanks for
watching and I have to go home boy
