hey it's Saturday and we're currently
driving to the wedding
yeah it's 140 when he tries to 330
should get there early it's on a
military barricade place it's not a
barricade as a barracks I'm really smart
bye alright so we just got to the
barracks and we have to wait in about a
forty car line because we have to be
searched and our car has to be searched
for us to enter this premises it's kind
of nerve-racking
I have nothing illegal about me or in
this car I don't know about man you
might have something hidden somewhere
but I don't know why it's nerve-racking
you're just gonna search up I don't know
they have guns with scary I wanted to be
in the military I wanted to be a cop for
some reason I'm still scared of this
half hour later we're still in the line
we have to go to there and they make you
get out the car they open the hood there
but the trunk and all the doors and they
search inside the car the weddings at
3:00 it's 2:35 now I don't think we're
gonna make it to the wedding
unless it's running late hopefully it
does I don't think we're gonna make it
if it's on time I thought we got here
too early and we were like we'll just go
get a coffee or something no no we're
gonna fall run we made it through the
checkpoint but they still have our
license and car registration so this is
taking forever the wedding was supposed
to start eight minutes ago I have no
clue but started that I'm sitting here
waiting and there are so many cars
behind us trying to get to the wedding
so you know I think the white he's gonna
start about 330 340
okay so we made it but it looks like
there's a line to get into the chapel
which means I don't think they're gonna
start anytime soon so figure it out come
with us
the wedding was super cute it's over it
started up for so only an hour late
but now we've driven over to the
reception we're about to go in but we're
just sitting in the a/c for a little bit
before we go in and that's what you know
that's this is an earring I'm wearing an
earring there's all the things you need
to know
all right the wedding was amazing I had
a lot of fun the whole thing which is
like a massive show the wedding did
start really late because the pastor got
stuck in that huge car line so that was
hilarious people like missed the
ceremony which suck but at the hope it
was a joke of the night so it was fine
but the wedding was amazing they were
beautiful I'm so happy for Kahlo and her
husband Brandon they're so cute I went
to college with college she was my
freshman year roommate and yeah she's
amazing she was on my football team
anyway so yeah the whole thing was
awesome and I loved it and it was filled
with so much culture and happiness and
history and love I loved it it was
lovely love love and afterwards are not
some drinks with some friends and then I
came back and I fell asleep so that's
the whole story
thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys later
